Loved and Laved. Br tttr Tw Bet.- O- H. Sfobseox. Unto Him that loved us, and washed us from our in "Ft?* own blood, and bath made us longs and priests nntJ God and Sis Father; to Ibis verse seems tome to be fit to be the song of heaven.. It is indeed the epitome of &U; those choral symphonies with which redeemed spirits circle the throne of our great Lord and King. John, in vision, had caught glimpses of the glorr-hmd, and had heard the great j .multitude which ao man can number raise their J hallelujahs, as they cast their crowns before ! TTm» that sat upon the throne; and as the \- refrain of a song hums itself over again even after the singer has ceased, John, when he began to write this book, seems to have re membered the chorus of those who "came ont of great tribulation, and have washed their . robes, and made them white in the blood of tbo Lamb." I think that IT hear than now while 'we are listening here; and this is the grand chorale of the skies: "Unto Him that loved us.- and washed us from our sins in His own ■blood, and hath made us kings and priests unto God and His Father: to Him be glory and dominion for over and-ever." We, in feebler strains, fervently add bur "Amen." Let us think, then, of the love of Jesus; and as we muse updn it may the fire burn in our souls! Hay we be raised out of ourselves, and be seated in the heavenlies, "because the love / of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us !** Our subject is-Mhe love of Christ, as shown in His wash ing us from our sins in. His own blood. * 1. He loved us freely. That is clear, for He did not love us because we had no rin ; if that had been the case, He would not Have needed to have washed us in His own blood, fie did not love ns because we were righteous, because we were obedient, because we had neither omitted any duty nor committed any offence. No; but Ho J saw us foul with sin, and yet He loved us. We are described in Scripture sometimes as crimson, and again as scarlet, with sin. These are glaring colours, and on is a glaring,' staring thing, that must be seen. God has seen it; God abhors it. But though He saw it, He loved us: 4( Christ loved the church, and gave Him self for it." What wondrous love it is, that Christ should love a thief! Yet He did, and took a thief to be the first to enter His kingdom l •with TTtm. ~ What amazing condescension that .. Christ should love an outcast! Yet there was * one who loved Him much because she had been, forgiven much. How marvellous that Christ should love a swearer! Yet He loved JPeter, whose swearing was of the worst kind, for he denied hia "Master with an oath. 'Twas passing strange that Christ should love persecutor! Yet He loved Saul of Tarsus, who was exceedingly mad against His ~ people. Is not this the greatest marvel of all, that He shonld love you, and that He should lore me; that He has loved ns, though we have been utterly unworthy of His love; full of sin, ' and keeping to the an; persevering in it; re* ; fusing to turn from it when bidden to repent; rejecting. Christ and all-His love; and year after year continuing with a high hand to rebel against God? Yet he loved ns while we were dead in trespasses and sins; loved us oat of free, rich, sovereign grace; not because we were lovely, but because He is loving; not because we were"gracious, but because He is full of sr. You see, thetext does not say that He washed us and loved .us; as if froin some high sense of duty He took awav our sin, and then loved ns when we were clean. "No, it is not •' laved and .loved/'it Is "loved and laved."' The love is. . first, and because He loved us in our sins, and in smite of them, He cleanses' them all away. Tell out this glorious Gospel, all ye who know the glad tidings! Let men and angels hear it again and again! He loved us while our sin was yet upon us, and therefore He washed ns, ■and made ns white through Hi* own blood. It is love most freely given. 2\. "When we meditate on Christ's love, we sec that He lovod us effectually. The text says that Christ "loved us, and washed us from our sinsor, " loosed us from our sins." Yon that bclievein Christ are washed from all your ring. There is no sin remaining upon you • now in the matter of guilt before God. " Who \- is he that condemncth ? It is Christ that died." You are justified, through Christ, from every sin. You are clean every whit if you have believed in Him.\ "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus." Bat we can go further than this, and join with the saints in heaven in. saying, He. hath loosed us from our sins," that is, from the dominion of sin. When Christ pardons sin, He"HTlfi it—He crucifies it,'and crucifixion', you know, means death—but it is a lingering death; and a crucified man lives in pain, with out .power to work or act he suffers and lingers. So is it. with sin. in the believer; ! It is nailed up, crucified with Christ. You can not do now what your evil nature suggests to ' you. A respectable man whom I know, said that- the other night he was'driving along with his old horse. Another man came through the fog, and their horses touched each other;' "but," said he, "wepassed very civilly." But there came along- one who looked like a gentleman, driving rather fast: he drove into the poor man's cart, and instead of making any apology, he cat him. across the face with his ' whip. My friend is a decided Christian, yet he said, " I felt that the old man was in me, and I wanted to give him a cut of my whip in return; but I did not.' When I got home, I said, ' The old man is not dead.'' If he had been dead, I should not have felt even a momentary passion.. I kept him down, but I felt very angry, and I said to myself, 'Ah! though you have been a Christian a great many years, the old man' is still alive.'" So he is in' every one of ns. He lies like a sneak in the corner;' but the day shall come when there shall be no remains of the evil, -no trace of sin left in us, and in heaven we shall sing, "He hath loosed us from our sins in His own blood. He has taken the last relic of sin away—every tendency to evil, every possibility of evil" ; for it is written, "They arc without fault before i the throne of God," and no sin shall ever come I into their hearts again. 1 Let ns remember, too, that His love is per petual. Turning to the revised version, we'do i not read, "Unto Him that loved us," but [ "Unto Him that loveth us." I like that.' | Jesus loves me still. He did not finish His love by His death. He loves you still. When He was poor on earth, and despised and re jected of men, He loved yon; and now that a royal diadem adorns His blessed brow, and all angels fall down and worship Him, He loves ?on still; and He will always lore. you. on' who believe in Him are His pride, His Hephzi-bah; His delight is. in you. You can hardly love yourself, can you ? When you see your own face in the glass of God's law, is there any beauty there ? Did you ever stand and spiritually admire yourself ? If you did, you were a fool. If yon truly know your own heart, yon cannot find there aught to delight in. Yon blush. You hide your face ! for shame. But Christ loves you. "I am black,"-said the spouse. She felt that'she was very black. But when ~ she looked to her Beloved, and saw what He thought of her, 6ho added, "bat comely." And we can appropriate her language. "I am, to myself, a thing undone, but in Him washed and saved; unlovely, but by-Him beloved." Oh, it makes my 'heart best within me! I feel as if I could leap into heaven when I think " He loves me ! He loves me! He loved mo when He died for me: He liveth for me, and He lores me stilL" 3\. it you xeei as i ao, you will go witn me intotho other part .of the subject: "To Him glory- and dominion for ever and Amen. So, in the third place, let us glorify this loving, living Saviour. If .we were to do it fitly, we should wont to have music such as Handel wrote; and when we should ring of it, if we had all of us perfect voices, we should go home and say. " Ah! it was poor praise com pared with what he deserves." So we will not try singing, hat will talk of something practical. If we are to glorify Christ we must gladly confess His name. If yon have never acknowledged Him and confessed Him, begin now, and say, "Unto TTim that loved me, and washed me from my sins in His own Wood; to Him he glory." If yon really mean that you are bound to come out and own that you are His disciple. You cannot say, "To Him be glory," and then hide yourself away, and never seek to bring glory to Hfa name by .openly avowing Him your Lord and Master. .Some ot yon are like a mouse behind the wainscot. Yon are in the Lord's house, hut yon are not known as one of the family; sometimes von give a little squeak in your hiding , place, and sometimes come oat at nighty as the mouse does, to pick up a crumb or two- without being seen. Is this worthy of yourself ? Is it worthy of your Lord and Master? Yon are a Christian, yon say, bnt yon do not want to be known to ho a : Christian. A soldier in the Lord's army, but you never put on your regimentals ! Yon like always to be in mufti. Yon are afraid lest anybody should know that yon are. a soldier ! If a man behaved like that in the British army, they wonld dram him oat of the regiment; "What would be the good of such a fellow ? If he is ashamed of Her Majesty's uniform, let him be gone. He is not loyal to bis sovereign. 1 am not going to condemn yon who have never come out and owned yourself followers of Christ; I wish that yon would hold a little court, and condemn yourself; and that instead of my drumming you out, yon wonld. dram yourself out, and say, " I will not stay any longer in a position wnere I can be talked to lira that. Glory be to Him who hath loved me, and washed me in His own blood! I will openly ; confess Him. I will unite with TTia people, for ! 'Iam His, and He is mine*'" Is ext, if we really do wish to glorify Him, we must shun all sin. A man cannot say, "Unto Him that loved me, and washed me from my gin^ be glory," and then go off to the ale bench and drink with the drunkard. You dare not say, | "Unto Him be glory," and then, as a pro fessed Christian, go and do a dishonest deed, or speak'a lie. If He washed me from my rin with His. blood, I must hate. rin. . It1 murdered . my Lord.. It cost Him His life to save me from/it. How, •then, can I—how dare I—toy with it? "How shall we^ that are deadtosin lira any ■ longer therein?" How;' shall we that are washed in His blood, go and . stain , our garments again, and play with iniquity, andtrifle with trans gression? Bemember that you are loosed from sin. It no longer holds you captivo. The chains are dissolved by the -blood of atonement "Why, then, should yon go about as if yon were in bondage. Wo shall never hare done with sin - while we are here, hut that is no reason why wo should be defiled by it, for tho fountain wherein we were washed at first is always open. As the spring of lore never ceases to flowT so the efficacy of the blood is never lost. ''The blood of Jesus Christ His Son clcansetii us from all sin." If we really wish that Christ should have glory and dominion because He has washed us from onr sius in His blood, wo most do nothing ; to dishonour Him ourselves, and we shall do anything sooner than see His blessed Gospel and His holy name dishonoured by others. , Oh, I would sooner bo accounted as the off scouring of all things than have any pare with those who reject or dim the Gospel of my Lord and Master! I would sooner be accounted the greatest bigot oh earth, and the most 6tupid fool that ever breathed, tban enter into. any partnership or brotherhood with those who keep back the Cross of Christ, or cast a slur upon the inspiration of holy Scripture. When Queen Elizabeth came to a miry place in one of her progresses, you re member how Sir Walter Baleigh, without a moment's thought, took off his new cloak, which had cost bim much, and spread it in tho way, that her Majesty might walk over it Have I any honour ? Have I any reputation. Have I any name ? I will throw it down. Let it go on tho miry place, that my Lord may tread onitaadnomiremaycomeonhim. May we all who know that we are loosed from onr sins, get into just that spirit which, whenever men ore finding fault with the Gospel, will say i "Here, find fault with me: turn all your attention to mo; only spare my Lord." Christ is set in the pillory, ana men are pelting Him. , He is the true lover of Christ who comes up to the pillory, and stands in front of Him, ready to take tho blows aimed at his Lord; who drinks in so much of the. character of Christ that he can truly use that language which is first employed with reference to the zeal of Christ Himself: " The reproaches of them that reproached Thee arc fallen upon me." He is not honoured whom' men honour. He is honoured who is made a laughing-stock for Christ's sake. "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against yon falsely, for My sake. Bcjoice, and bo exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven." Get this spirit into yon: " Unto "Him that loved us, and washed us 'from our sins, bo glory and dominion." "There," said a dying man who was in a ditch when - the great Emperor Napoleon rode by, and he heard a shout of victory, "let me die, the emperor has con quered." And oh! inay not you and I be" well content to be blotted out and forgotten so long as Christ the Bong shall come to His own again? He shall soon triumph. With the ear of faith yon may almost hear Hla chariot wheels. He cometh 1 Hw cometh quickly; and happy shall he be in that day. who now has been despised lest Christ should be dis honoured. 