WALLAN WALLAN (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Filling up the income tax paper has caused a greater scare among those who had the privilege of doing so than a visit from the Tantanoola tiger. But I presume no one regrets the few shillings he contributes to the assistance of a country financially stranded. I learned that the humorous part of one paper that required assistance to fill in was that the individual would insist on writing "esquire" after his name. Was it nor John Dennis (whom Pope "damned to everlasting fame" in the Dunciad) who was so conceited that when he mentioned his own name, or heard it mentioned in conversation, he took off his hat? This "esquire" income tax payer must certainly be a lineal descendant of his. After much anxiety and perseverance he filled up his tax paper with a completeness in detail that would have defied the censorious critic to point out a solitary flaw. He laid it on the mantle-piece with another official envelope which contained an extensive order for goods from Melbourne. It was just dark when the carrier called and by mistake- the good lady handed him the wrong letter. The mistake was not noticed till next morning, when the tax-payer wished to take a last fond look at his self-imposed assessment. A messenger was at once despatched on horseback, and after riding about 20 miles had the pleasure of seeing the wagons on a hill about a mile ahead. But another disappoint- ment was now in store. His horse knocked up and he was compelled to return from his fruitless errand weary and disappointed. Metzer, a German scientist and an authority on pomaceous fruits, tells us there are 89 different kinds of apples, all of which are unchanging, be- sides numerous sub-varieties. A friend of mine, who has made his home in the Plenty ranges, has in his spare moments built up an extensive orchard where many of these varieties flourish side by side with more succulent and aristocractic fruits. He has been good enough to send me some apples as specimens of his production. When cut the meso- carp is rich and firm, of a peerless white colour, and of a delicate but refreshing aroma. When tasted the relation between the sugar, the acid, and the pectine might be fairly indicated by an expert. Many of the specimens measured up to 17 inches in circumference and weighed from 15 to 25 ounces. It was a sad sight indeed to watch flames rising higher and higher in terrific grandeur, and to know that a poor fellow mortal was their victim, and that no assistance could be offered. Such was the fate of poor George Taylor on the night of the 28th ult. Messrs Burns, McDonald, Hargraves and. Crawley made a determined effort to rescue the body, but it was too late, as the flames had already successfully disputed possession of the whole building, The poor fellow, who was highly respected, lived by himself. His every want was anticipated and fully satisfied by his relatives, to whom much sympathy is extended. After a sojourn of. two years in Wallan, our station master (Mr Hicks) has left us. For some time past he has not been in good health and for this reason he has been removed to Berwick, a station with lighter duties. A few friends enter- tained him at Bond's Hotel on Monday night. Mr Chas. Guthrie occupied the chair, and the vice- chair was occupied by a gentleman who invested his position with a loquaciousness which quite over-- awed the former. The usual toasts were honored, and expressions of good-will and sad regrets (which would sink a ship) were lavished on the departing guest. At a recent entertainment given here the ladies turned out most artistically clad and were indeed the living pictures of the scene. But one among them dressed her petit figure in a beautiful white garment which made her the observed of all observers. Her merry laugh and ready wit proclaimed her at once the admiration and the envy of her sex. A phalanx of young men vied with each other for her softest smile, her winning word, her acquiescent nod. One, "like a poor little prisoner in his twisted gyves," was quite crest-fallen because his little attentions were not well received; but by perseverance and tact he eventually scored, and had the pleasure of seeing the young lady safely to the threshold of her own door. The performance being over, most of the audience had to plod their weary way home on foot. I was fortunate, however, as Mrs —— and her daughters took compassion on my uneven gait, and I drove portion of the way home with them. We had not gone far on our journey when our attention awas attracted by a white figure some distance in front. Had it been the witching hour of night my fears would have been multiplied, for I am not altogether a disbeliever in ghosts. Shakspere tells us that In the most high and palmy state of Rome, A little e'er the mightiest Julius fell, The graves stood tenantless and the sheeted dead Did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets. As we came nearer we found the figure was that of a lady, and round the body there seemed to be a dark band, too broad for a ribbon and too high for a sash. The young ladies in the buggy were very anxious to see what new design in costume thus presented itself under the beams of the moon, so we strained courtesy somewhat and drove closer to the figure, when to our utter amazement we dis- covered it was merely the sleeve of a coat with an arm in it—only that and nothing more. Had the young couple been dressed in more neutral colors our curiosity would never have been aroused. However, they can depend on our reticence and bet all the world to nothing we won't blab. Mr Michael Davitt, the Irish patriot, left Eng- land on 5th inst. to visit Australia. Finest Victorian butter selling in London last week at 76s per cwt. The hon. secretary (Mr J. J. Poulton) informs us that the Hon. J. G. Duffy will open the show on the 1st May. His Excellency Sir John Madden (Acting-Governor) has kindly extended his patron- age to the Horticultural show. As a commercial traveller was driving into Alexandra on Friday afternoon he was overtaken by Trooper Dawson, whose horse commenced to buck viciously. On getting up to the buggy the horse jumped on to the vehicle, his fore feet alighting on the traveller's boxes, and pushing the driver and the traveller out of the buggy, both receiving nasty bruises, which necessitated the attendance of a doctor. In trying to clear itself of the buggy the trooper's horse got its feet entangled in one of the hind wheels, every spoke of which but one it broke, and ultimately overturned the buggy. Dawson stuck to the horse the whole time and it finished its bucking exhibition by jumping over the trap and landing in the gutter. It is a very vicious horse, and injured Dawson by throw- ing him violently last Friday when he was on patrol duty. In the House of Commons on Friday night the second reading of the Irish Land Bill was agreed to without a division. This result was owing to the attitude of the Ulster members, who were un- willing to oppose the measure. Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture.—"The most search- ing Blood Cleanser that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of loa- and are solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Thou- kinds of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Sdy everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imita- tions and substitutes.—Adv "For the Blood is the Life."—If the blood is laden with impurities it spreads disease as it circulates through the or- gans of the human body—Lungs, Heart, Stomach, Kidneys. Brain/ Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture is warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds its effects are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Adv. 