JOHANN KRUSE'S CONCERT. - Ifc will be welcome news both to thoao who on Saturday evening filled tho Bijou Theatre in all part and to those who. were "crowded out" for lack of bare standing room to know that another opportunity will be afforded of hearing Professor Kruse beforo he roturns to Europe. Encouraged by the exceptionally hearty wolcomo Accorded him by his fellow townsmen, Horr Kruno cabled to Herr Joaohim, asking for per mission to extend his visit by one week ; and as tho result a second and final concert will bo given on Saturday noxt. Regarded d a Vic torian produot, Johann Kruso is a violinist of whom we all have a right to bo proud. It is, in a sense, truo of course that we only supplied the "raw material," and that tho credit of working ifc up belongs to Germany ; but artists like JoIiauq ICruse imply, in tlio first place, teachers liko Joachim ; but even that would nofc suffice without the artiatio atmosphere and surroundings, whoue presence is at notioeablo in many German cities as is their abaenco here. Under existing conditions, too, with our few and widely scattered centros of population, there is no inducement for men of Herr Kruso's calibre to settle down here. While sympathising with Herr Kruso in the un toward event which has brought him back to Bleibourne, his private trouble, as the caubo of hi visit, is in a musical sense a public benefit, and Victorians are glad to warmly wel come and congratulate him on what he baa already achieved, and wish him more brilliant succosse 111. the future. Johann Kruse must be possessed of a marvel- loua memory And wonderful .physical endurance, as, apart from all question of art, tho mere manual exertion of playing two such concertos as those of Bcethovon nnd Blendelsaoho, and the three shorter pieces to boot, is a strain to which not many violinists would be equal ; anil tho fact that ho performed all this—occupying something like 90 minute by the dock — without the aid of a note of printed music speak volumes for his memory. Beethoven's only complete violin concerto, composed in 1806 and first performed afc Vienna that year, appear to have been but coldly received by the musical public, and ifc was allowed to repose in peace and duifc upon the shelf for many years until Joaohim unearthed it. Ho wab tihefirafc to introduce it in England, and it now continually figures upon his conoerfc programmes. Lady Hallo gave two remarkably fine perform ances of. this concerto in Bleibourne, and until last Saturday theso were the only occasions on whioh it had been played here. Though abound ing in technical difficulties of the most exacting kind, the concerto is in its main themes simple and intelligiblo to tho most unlearned listener. What could bo tnore straightforward, for instance, than the second subject of the allegro, hardly more than a mere run up and down'tho scale? Yet nothing also could bo more beautiful or noble than this same delicious bit of inelody. A detailed analysis, of the work is not called for now, nor would apace permit of ifc ; but even those who know the oonccrfco best and therefcra love ifc most will pardon a reference to the tran quil flowing second theme of tho Iarghetto— anofcherscate passage, by the way— to the almost boisterous merriment which, distinguishes tlio leading motif of tlio roiulo and to the expressive beauty of its second episode. Herr ICruse, who was greeted with a demonstration of applause that kept him for some time bowing hi acknow ledgments, may bo cordially congratulated on his performance of this great work. Hie tone is pure, rich aud round ; his technique thoroughly sound and reliablo; his phrasing beyoud roproof, and his reading of the work throughout was marked by thorough artiatio sympathy and intelligence. The oonciusion of the concerto was tlio signal f6r a renewed outburst of applause even moro enthusiastic tbtm the first. The favorable impression thus created was enhanced . by what followed. In tho adagio from Spohr'a ninth concerto Herr Kruso dis played hi capacity for cantabilo playing, and held the house spellbound from the firufc noto to the last ; while in Wieniawski's well known polonaise in A, he wtill further exempli fied tho thorough souudnea of hi technique, the octav6 pftsuage in particular being given iu a way that can only bo described as perfect. In response to a unanimous clamor for more, ho played Bach's noble air for the G string, which also proved a genuine treat; and it may bo remarked that although the quality of tone r on thin fourth string was in the Beethoven ooncorto almost tho only point to which exception might have beou taken, the Bach encoro was entirely free from & auspioion of blame on this scori. tho tone being as full and clear as the rnos» fastidious could desire. The Blondulssohn concerto, which ooncluded a; very liberal cvoning'n entertain ment, musfc be briefly dismissed. Herr Knits' performance was little short of a triumph. Tho firo and energy of tho opening moveunmfc, the tender melody of the andante and tho irresistible vivacity of tho finalo were all com pletely caught and reproduced by tho artist, who may bo pronounced to have, by his first; concert, justified all the good that had been said of hiin in advance, and thoroughly fulfilled tho highest expectation of his friends. A capable orchestra, small, but quite large enough for tho work demanded from it, was efficiently conducted by BIr. Marshall Hall, tho accompaniments to the two concertos being given in a manner that morits warm praiso, whilo "Wagner's Siegfried Idyll was also exceedingly well played. Madaino mid Isolde (Traiime), which sho first introduced at a concert given some two months back, and sho was aUo heard to great advantage in the acena, Softly Sighs, fromWeber'sDer Frcisehutz, a hearty recall resulting in each case. Herr Scherek was an efficient accompanist to tho minor violin S0I03. Blr. R. S. Sinythe deserves credit for hie share in organising the concert, the arrangements being all that could bo desired. The programme of noxt Saturday's performance will ho announced iu a day or two. At the Theatre Royal the Sailor's Knot, excel- leutly mounted and presented as it is by the Bland Hulfc Company, seams to bo attracting as much patronage as any. of the now drama of sensational typo Recently played there. On Saturday evening auother large audience occupied the house, and the piece went smoothly throughout, all tho principal characters, Blier Spong, Blr. Baker, BIr. Cosgrove, BIr. nnd Blr. Bland Holt, receiving euthusUstio applause. The brilliant scene oh board H.M.S. Dauutleas, where all tho officer q crew and marines staud at quarter; olioited aiUtuincd cheering. The Rickardri Company's entertainment, at tho Opera Houoo, on Saturday evening, wan woll attended, liiul passed otF very ciroctivety. BIr.- Larry Dooley, the negro specialist, received throe encores, Tho Giraide again appeared iu their clever acfc called After tho Ball, and tho Palaca of Elcctria Queen wss also presented, and was much appreciated by the audience. The Suburlian Ghost Scare wa« represented at tho Oxford Theatre bit Saturday evening, Blr. Will Whitburn taking the part of the Ghost in a mirth-moving fashion. Roars of laughter greeted this little comedy. A Lunatic Asylum was another item on the bill which equally pleased the audience. . In the musical portion of the entertainment n ballad, Irene, Good Night, wag specially well sung by Mr. Wallace King. TI10 Leonard family, who created the living bridge in The Span of Life, and Blins Pearl Akarman, a lady contortionist, also appeared. 