v. A Wonderful Woman. CHAPTER XXIII. " FONTENOY.' ' You knew me ?' Miss Herncastle re peated, .but her eyes were gleaming strangely now. ' Well sir, you know noth ing to my discredit, I hope ?' "Nothing to your discredit, if you hive told Lady Dangerfield the truth, but baronets' wives rarely look for their children's instructresses in the person of —a New York actress.' ' Captain O'Donnell !' ' Miss Herncastle !' And then there was a pause, and for an instant how horribly thick and |fast Miss Herncastle's heart beat only Miss Hern castle ever knew. ' The play was ' Hamlet,' pursued the pitiless voice of the chasseur, 'and the great transatlantic actor, Edwin Booth, played the doleful Prince of Denmark. The Ophelia of the play was a tall, black browed, majestic woman, who acted superbly. Miss HerncastL, I don't re member the name of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honour of walking by her side to night.' She turned to him with a swift, im passioned gesture ot both hands — theat rical perhaps, but real. ' Why should I lie to you ? You are a man of honour, a soldier, and a gentle man. You will not betray. I will tell the truth, Captain O'Donnell. I am the New Yoi'k actress. I am the Ophelia . you "beheld'six" months ago.' ' I knew it,' he answered, with com- pcfcure. ' I saw you many nights in suc cession, .. Now, when I recognized you, I said'to myself : 'This actress, whom a crowded:house applauded to the very echo night after night, has some motive — a sinister one/in all likelihood — in quitting her profession and coming to this house in the role of governess. For, of course, Lady Dangerfield is in utter ignorance of tier antecedents — believes whatever story Miss Herncastle chooses to tell her.' ' You State your case with all the pitiless grimness of the stern old judge on .tjie .bench,' said Miss Herncastle, bitterly. 'But what business is it of yours ?' Are you my lady's keeper? Mas your own fate been ordered so smoothly that you should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with whom' life has gone hard ?' Something in her tone moved him — something in that passionate, savage, hunted look of her eyes touched him, he hardly knew why. ' No, Herven, 110,' he s'aid, sadly," my own litehas been no pathway of roses. I am the last- man on earth to sit up in judgment upon my struggling fellow mortal, and accuse him. I have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This night's work, this night's discovery, and your avowal shall he as though they had never been. Whether I do right or wrong in concealing the truth is much too subtle a question for me — I only know I will conceal it.' She held out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. 'For that much at least I thank you. Why I have left the stage, why I have come here, you may one day know. And now shall we say good night ?' ' How will you get in ?' he asked. 'The doors and windows seem bolted for the night.' : ' Doubly bolted, "doubly barred,' Miss Herncastle replied, with a contemptuous laugh, 'to keep out burglars and ghosts — the two bugbears of Sir Peter's life, Never theless;! will get in. Good night, Captain O'Donnell.' r He lifted his hat and turned at once. Miss Herncastle stood where he had left her, following the tall, gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field so sw: ftly, with a strange expression in her eyes and on her lips. CHAPTER XXIV. 'AS IN A GLASS, DARKLY.' On the night following Miss Herncastle's adventure Sir Peter rode homewards from Castleford, where he had been visiting, close upon midnight. He was in high good spirits— for him. The night was lojrely, bright as day, and twice as beauti ful." In his" elation just then all his constitutional dread of ghosts, of ' black spirits and white, blue spirits and grey,' vanished, and he was actually trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scampered along. The clocks of Castleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve as the baronet entered his own domain and rode up the avenue. 'iWhLwiis that ? His horse had shied so suddenly as nearly to throw him off. They were .near a huge oak, called the King's Oak,ofrom the legend that the Young Pretender had once taken refuge there from his pursuers. Its great branches cast shadows for yards around, and slowly out ofthose gloomy shadows — oh, Heaven — a figure came — a white figure, with streaming hair, and face upturned to the starry, sky. All in white — true ghostly garments — noiseless, slow, it glided out, antj-siood full in his pathway. TJie- bright, cold light of the moon shone full Upon ir, and he saw — the dead faco of Katherine Dangerfieja ! Katherine Dangerfield ! Not a doubt of it. Who should know that face better than he as he used to see her long ago in her Jwnite dress and flowing hair? Katherine Dangerfield, with a Jface of stone upturned to the midnight sky ! He sat frozen for a moment — frozen with a horror too intense for words or cry. Then the startled horse shied again and a shriek rang out in the midnight stillness, that those who heard might never forget. Then the horse plunged madly forward, .ind there was the sound \- of a heav fall. 'I "" '- leep at his post, yuslicu 0 -i iwu or ' t';rje dogs barked accomplish, all I have done already ? Never. You should know me better thin that. The first instalment of my re venge I have had. What 1 have sworn I loudly in their kennels — the groom rushed forward and seized the horse, quivering with affright. Hejwas riderless ! At a little distance lay Sir Peter, face down wards, on the dewy grass, like a dead man. And nothing else, ' earthly or unearthly, was anywhere to be seen. The groom echoed h's master's cry as he stooped and lifted him up. He was senseless — he had struck his forehead on a stone, and was bleeding freely. It was an awfully ghastly face upon which the moon shone. The double alarm Lad been heard. In five minutes another of the grooms, sleep ing over the stable, came running to the spot. They bore the stark and bleeding form between them, found his n: rht key in his pocket, opened the door, md carried him up to his own room. Sir Peter, however, long before a surgeon arrived, had come to himself again. The doctor dressed the wound on his forehead which was trifling, prepared a sedative, and administered it. The news spread, as such news is pietty sure to do. By noon that day all. Castle ford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had beheld Katherine Danger- field's ghost under the trees of Scarswood — had fallen from his horse in. a , fit — had struck his temple on a stone. The news spread— :t was the talk of the town— and among others came to the ears of Captain O'Donnell He walked over. It was past three when lie reached Scars wood. On express ing his desir.: to see Sir. Peter, lie was shown up to the baronet's room. . ' I trust; I am nou an intruder, Sir Peter, the young Trshman said, coming forward; ' but hearing of your accident' ' Come in O'Donnell— come in !' the sharp, querulous voice of the invalid said, I wanted to see you. The chasseur came forward, and saluted Miss Herncastle, who for the time being was installed as nurse. 'And with your permission, Sir Peter, now that Captain O'Donnell has come, I .will leave you for a while,' said the gover ness. ' I have not been out to-day, and my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go.' lie took it submissively from her hand. Captain O'Donnell watched every move ment, and followed the stately figure out of the room. She closed the door after her, and they were quite alone. ' This is a very strange, a very remark able occurrence, Sir Peter,' he began 'The t ilk is that you saw a ghost. A ghost! Now, I thought ghosts were ex ploded ideas ? Will you pardon me if I think so still ?' ' I wish to Heaven I could !' Sir Peter groaned. 'Unfortunately for me, it ad- I mits of 110 doubt. As plainly as I see you sitting here beside me, I saw Kather ine Dangerfield last night.' 'Sir Peter, I have a great curiosity con cerning this Katherine Dangerfield. Have you any picture of her? would give a good deal to see one.' ' Yes. I have,' the sick-man said, ' Do you see that escritoire, over there ? Open that — the key is in it. Open the third drawer to the left and you will find a photograph of Katherine Dangerfield, taken a month before she died.', Redmond O'Donnell obeyed. He un-=; looked the escritoire, opened the drawer, and produced a picture wrapped in silver paper. It was a photograph, soft and clear as an engraving,, and beautifully, tinted. The chasseur took it to the window, and gazed upon it long and earnestly. Then he returned to his place by the bedside, picture in hand. ' Sir Peter, there can be no doubt — it is absurd of me to suppose such'a thing — there can be no doubt Katherine Dan gerfield did f die?' 'No doubt?' cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all expression. ' Of course there was no doubt. Good heavens above, O'Donnell! , I— I never heard of such a thing.' O'Donnell sat silent, watching hi u — pity, contempt, disgust, all in his grave, silent face. ' 1 won't stay to dine to- day, I think,' the chasseur presently remarked, rising 'Sir Peter with your; permission, I'll keep this picture for the present. -, I don't see my way very clearly through this maze.' He rang. The housekeeper and one of the maids came, and the chasseur took his departure. The family were in their rooms dressing. He made his way out unnoticed. Captain O'Donnell walked 011 to the town lost in thought. This ghost of Sir Peter was a riddle he could not read. At length he reached the churchyard ol Cas tleford. Then he suddenly paused. A man. anil a woman were standing just by the gate, screened from the view of passengers by the elms that waved above it. Even at that distance he, recog nised the woman's figure — it was not to be mistaken — it was Miss Herncastle. Fate see ued to take a malicious pleasure in throwing him across her path; in fore- dooming. him to play the spy. ' , As the thought crossed his mind the two turned, and he saw that the face of the man was that of a'n utter, strangei . He saw their faces clearly as they;turned from the gate and approached him.- In the profound stillness the last words of Miss Herncastle, in her rich, sweet, full tones, came to him : 'You must go back, Henry, and at once — to-nieht. That you have been at Castleford at all will cause talk enough. Their hands clasped. The man mur mured something earnestly, in too low a tine to be heard. Miss Herncastle's clear voice resp .;LJ: . ' Give up — give up now, after all I have suffered, all I have worked so hard to do ; then, I care little what comes. Good-night, my kind, my faithful friend. — go' back to London at once.' She pulled a thick veil she wore over ; her face, and walked away with her own rapid, resolute step. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes ; then he disap peared in the gloaming. ' And Captain O'Donnell ! He stood like one petrified. Who was Miss Herncastle ? He glanc ed at the grave and the grey stone gleam ing in the mocn-rays that told of the legend of Katherine Dangerfield's death. If Katherine Dangerfield w?re dead — if — what reason had he to doubt it ? And yet ! — and yet ! — his blue eyes flashed his lips, set, his face grew' like /iron with the sudden, stern'resolve, ..J'.' 1 I'll get at the bottom of this juggling I'll find out who you aie, my m/sterious Miss Herncastle ! I'll find 'out whether it was Katherini Dangerfield's ghost Sn Peter saw under the King's Oak, or — a living woman !' CHAPTER xxv. THE STORY OF THE IVORY MINIATURE In the evening, at Scarswood, Miss Herr.castle was . seated' with Sir Arthur Tregenna in a window recess of the draw ing-room, the lady embroidering at her frame, the gentleman witching the clear- cut profile as it bent over the work, the long, white, swift fingers; and neither talking much.' ' How hard you woi-k, Miss Herncas tle,' remarked Lord Ruysland, blandly, hisjlor dship having crossed, the room: to join the baronet and his companion ; 'you put us idle people to shame. Is Sir Arthur taking lessons in needlework ? I hope you findliim an a t pupil, my dear young lady ?' Sir Arthur coloured, partly with annoy ance, partly with a sense of compunction. Latterlv it had begun to dawn unon him that his mission to Scarswood had not been fulfilled— that he had , not asked Lady Cecil Clive to be his wife. She must know what had brought him down —she must know what had been on his lips that night when Miss Herncastle en- ' tcred the boudoir. Miss Herncastle smiled, perfectly un embarrassed, and reached over for the dainty little basket that held her flosses and laces. Either by accident or design, the earl never knew which, the little j basket upset, and flosses and laces fell in , a shining heap at the earl's feet. Some- j thing else fell, too— a square, hard sub- 1 stance, that flashed in the light. Sir | Arthur picked up the basket and fancy I wirlc, his lordship the square substance, j What was it ? A portrait — an old-fashion- 1 ed ivory miniature, bcautiluily painted, | and set in a jewelled frame. His eyes fell upon it, and .1 sudden stillness of great | surprise came over him from head to foot; I then he turned roun<£ and looked Miss Herncastle full in the face. She met his gaze with calm composure, and reached out her hand. ' My favourite souvenir,' she said. ' hope it is not injured. How stupid of me to upset the basket 1 Thanks, my lord.' But my lord still held the ivory minia ture — still looked at Miss Herncastle. ' I beg your pardon,' he said, in an alter ed voice ; 'it sounds rather impertinent, but I must ask where you got this.' Miss Herncastle looked surprised. ' That — that picture, my lord? Oh, 'thereby hangs a tale.' Do you know A'hat it is?' ' Miss Herncastle, do you?' ' No ; and I have the greatest curiosity on the subject. That picture came into my possession in the most accidental manner, and for the past six years Ihave been trying to discover its owner, but as yet I have not succeeded. Her name was Mrs. Vavasor.' ' Mrs. Vavasor. I knew more than one Mrs. Vavasor, but none of them in the least likely to possess this 'picture.' 'You knew the original of that picture1 then, my lord ?' ' Undoubtedly, Miss Herncastle. The original of this picture is Major Lionel Cardonnell, my late wife's only brother, at present in Quebec. May I, in turn, in - quire who was Mrs. Vavasor, and how she came to be possessed of this?' He was watching her — vague, strange suspicions afloat in his mind. From first to last she was a strange, mysterious creature this governess ; an air of mystery appeared, to enshroud her. Her possess ion of his brother-in-law's picture seemed to cap the climax. Miss Herncastle met his suspicious gaze with the calm of conscious rectitude ' Two questions' my lord, which, unfor tunately, I am incapable of answering. Six years ago I made the acquaintance of Mrs Vavasor, We became very friendly, not to the point ot intimacy, though, and one day she took away an old Indian casket of minewell we will say by mistake Subsequently I recovered it, and in it discovered that portrait. The .following day she departed to France, and under these circumstances I kept the picture until she should send for it. She never did send for it, and I have never met her since. I never head the name of the gentleman whose likeness it was until to day.' She threaded her needle, and placidly went on with her work. The earl listened in profound silence. It sounded plausible enougli, and yet he did not believe a word of it , but, then, he was prejudiced against Miss Herncastle. He handed it back to her and rose. ' What was your Mrs. Vavasor like, Miss Herncastle ?' - . j 'She was a little dark woman, of French 1 extraction I believe in spite of her English ! name, with black eyes ana hair, and an inces sant smile. As a rule, people called her very pretty. Her Christian name was Harrht.' ' Hitritt ? Yes— I see — I see. It was Harriet Lelacheur, to a dead certainty — Mrs, Harman, rather, under an alias,' he muttered to himself. 'I thought so from the first. I thought her dead years ago.1' He sauntered away.. Sir Peter in' turn took the ivory miniature and gazed at it. 'Do youknow Major Cardonnell, Sir Arthui? But I suppose you must have been too young,' ' No ; I never saw Lionel Cardonnell,' the baronet said. 'I heard the story' often, though. Very handsome face, is it not? Much handsomer than that of the late Count ess of Ruysland, and yet like her, too.' ( To be continued .) 