CHAierB XXIX. Little Miss Trench, brisk, bright and lively in all circumstances, was usually at her best at the breakfast table. But the ,nornint4 after Varley's visit to Hugh Thiornyoroft wws an exception to this pleasant rule. Judy iodo her appeatance in the breakfast room with swolthn eyelids, hardly a tinge of her usual brilliant gipsy bloom, and a general air of sleepiniess, lassi. tude, and weariness that was certainly highly uncharactoristic. Scrap, loyally reflecting his mistress's mood, was too depressed in spirits even to attempt his ordinary morning skirmish with the cat. As was invariably the case, Judy's. appearance was the first that had been made, and on any other morn. ing she would hieve tilled up the time with a romp on tlu, velvety grass that stretched invitingly before thu open windows. As it wis, she drppud into a chair with; sigh and a yawn, and was sighing and yawning still when presently the door opened to admit Magdalen. She looked tired and pale. Judy, springing up to greet her, put her little hands upon her shoulders and surveyed her solicitously. ' You haven't slept much either, Mag dalen.' ' Not very well, my dear. Does that mean that you-have not 7' 'Hardly a bit l -And that's a novelty for me, you know. Mostly I'm off like a top the moment my head is on the pillow; but last night I did nothing but dream and start and turn all the time. I didn't think I was so weak nerved, really I' - 'Weak-nerved I'. Magdalen repeated. ' You are not that, dear. Most people would have been more upset than you were. It ' must have given you a dreadful shook to find him lying there insensible.' It just did l' cried Judy, with emphasis. ' It waa awfully lucky that I chanced to go so far, or he might-would, I suppose-have lain there till morning. It is not often I go so far as the beeches in the evening, and it isn't once in a dozen times I go in that direction either ; but Scrap made off, that way full'scamper, and of course I ran after him. When I saw him step and snuff at something dark on the grass, I made sure they had left a rug or something out there from the afternoon. I can tell you I was awfully frightened for the moment when I saw it was Mr. Varley.; he really looked dead.' She had been wheeling forward and arranging an easy chair and a footstool as she chattered, and now made an inviting gesture towards them. ' Come and sit here, Magdalen dear, and I'll bring you some coffee. You sha'n't trouble with it-you don't look fit. I believe it scared you more than it did me. I am sorry for him, poor fellow I Do you know if he is better?' ' Ho said so when I sent to inquire,' Magdalen answmred, taking the chair; ' but that is not much to go by, I'm afraid-he is sure to make light of it. And you said he had been ill before dinner, Judy, did you not ?' ' Yes- I found him in the library, looking like a ghost, and got him some wine out of the dining-room, I thought he'd faint. But don't let him know I told you, Magdalen,. please, because he begged of m' not to men tion it to you. And I[should not have done so, of course, but for being scared lest night. Its odd what he could have been doing out there so late, isn't it I' ' Hardly. He fell ill, ,no doubt, and thought the air might refresh him,' Magdalen returned. She spoke in a troubled anxious way'and with her hand shielding her eyes, as though the sunlight was too strong for them. ' I- -Itxn amfraid he is very ill, Judy; I never realized how terribly worn and wasted he was'until:I saw 'him carried in last night. I have been sellish, cruelly, callously forgetful and neglectful,'. she broke out, with sudden passion ;,' I have hardly thought of him at all-l' Judy, now busy with the coffee pot, now paused to.look at her wonderingly. !Oh, Magdalen, you know that isn't so I Why should you reproich and make yourself miserable when there is no need ? Why, I have of en thought that you were kinder to him than anyone else in the house I I'm sure lie thinks so if you do not. As for his being ill, how is it your fault? Besides, he has always looked as lie does now-gaunt and haggard and thin- ever since he came to Orown Arden, I don't see that he looks any ditreront or any worse. Very likely it's natural to him, just mIs it is to Derry to look as rosy as a ploughboy, you know,' said J udy cheerfully. ' Still he o'giht to have some advice,' she proceeded-' no doubt about that. Mr. Thornyoroft should see him, I think.' ' I have sent for him. I wrote a little note explaining what was wrong and asking him to come as soon as possible. He will be here befor a long, no doubt.' ' No doubt,' assuntedt Judy expresslvely; and with another yawn she went back to her seat, ' Oh, dear, whit an upsoe we'vo had i And where's Therese, I wonder?' Miss van Desb entered the room almost as the words were spoken, and, with merely the necessary words of greeting, took her usual chair. Judy, glancing first at her, met Magdalen's eyes and laughingly crossed her two fore-fingers, thereby indicating her opinion as to the companion's state of mind. Altogether the meal laggal more than usual, the little conversation there was being un comfortably forced and disjointed. As Mag dalen rose, Judy put her arm round her waist. ' Come out, won't you, Magdalen? I'm sure you have a headache, and I'm as sleepy as an owl. You shall take a book, and I'll make you comfortable under the beeches or down by the lake. Do come, dear.' Magdalen shook her head. 'Presently perhaps, Judy. There are some lhtters I have to see to first; and, besides, I must be in the way when Mr. Thornycroft comes, you know. But you go, dear.' 'I'm sure I shan't without you I I my self have a letter or two to write, now that I come to think of it, and I'll write them while you are busy with yours. I sha'n't disturb you.' ' Of course riot,' Magdalen answered; and they went together into the library. It was empty. for Walter Varley had not left his room. Judy mas an exceedingly curt corres pondent, and her letters were written with all possible expedition. Seeing that Mag dalen was still occupied, she went and leaned cnrelessly against one of the windows. Neither of them had spoken, when presently the door opened to admit Miss van Dest. She halted quickly. ' I beg your pardon, Miss Arden ; I did not suppose that any one was in the room. Pray excuse me I' The words were humble; the look and tone were, as they always were, covertly haughty. Magdalen, glancing up, replied with her usual quiet courtesy. 'There is no need to apologise,' she said gently. 'Pray stay, Miss van Dest ; my letters will be tinished almost immediately.' With a slight bow of thanks, the other crossed to one of. the bookcasuy ard throw it open. She had 'come in quest of a book, it appeared. Magdalen completed her writing and pushed the last letter from her with a weary gestures. Little Judy, watching the lovely pale face with her usual fond solicitude, came forward. ' I'll put them into the envelopes, Mag dalen, if you'll address them. I suppose there aren't any secrets, and that I may look to be sure I. get them right ?'-with a laugh. She took.up:the tira%, letter, gave a cursory glance at it, and began to fold it. ' What a nice hand you write, Magdalen. I've always admired it. It isn't a scribble like mine, or all points and long tails like Rhoda's, or the pat k-paling s'tyle like Therese's. But who could expect anything but a scribble from anyone who had to go through life signing herself Judy 7 And any one who road a letter of yours would expect, as a matter of course, to see it signed some such musical, picturesque, beautiful name as yours.' ' You are full of odd fancies, Judy. Do you like my name so much, then ?' Magdalen asked, smiling. 'I. should think so ;- it is lovely,' returned Judy warmly. It rune so well logether. Yes, there's a good deal in names. 01, now we are speaking of it, do tell ioe. What was--' Judy came to a sudden stop: Magdalen's largo soft eyes looked at her questioningly. ' Yes ? What was what ? Why do you stop, my dear ?' . I began without thinking and didn't like to go on,' returned the girl frankly. ' Don't answer me unless you like, darling. I was going to ask you what was Meg's namet ' Magdalen started with a quick com pression of the lips and as quick a change in 1 her expression -Judy had learned to know both well. In hlr coaxing childish way she slid down upon the floor, folding her arts upon the other's knee. Neither of-.thom was thinking of Therese van Dest; neither noticed that the movemenb of her searching hand was suspended and that she stood rigidly still. 'I have so often wondered, Magdalen dear,' Judy went on gently; ' I have thought so much about her, because I have always felt how you loved her, and because I have always felt so terribly sorry for her, poor girl; and I've often thought how odd it was that I knew so little about her-so little that I don't even know what was her, name: You have never called her anything, but Meg. Her name was Margaret, of course.' I never called her anything but Meg, Judy-never anything else. I don't think she had been called anything else all her life.' She spoke looking not down into the bright eyes and quaint little face upraised to hers, but steadily out of the window. Her face was very pale, her voice even and cold. Therese van Dest had not moved; the hand that hung at her side was clenched. She stood with her head bent, listening intently. Judy went on to her next question with a deprecatory little touch upon Magdalen's locked fingers. ' You don't mind answering me, do you, dear ? You know I don't ask out of stupid curiosity, but because I've always felt.that I wanted to know about Meg for your sake.' If she had only lived to come here with you, as of course she would have done, I-know I should have loved her. I've always betin so sorry that you had not even a portrait of her to show me I Tell me her other name, won't you 7 What was it ?' ' " Orde,"' said Magdalen slowly, not stiring. ' " Ordo " 'I' Judy, repeated, considering over it. ' I like that; it isn't commonplace. Meg '-no that doesn't go well with it; but ' Margaret' does-' Margaret Orde.' It is almost as pretty as your own, dear; but I prefer ' '4agdalen.' And was she pretty 2' ' To my eyes; she might not have been to yours.' ' Ah, the faces we love are always beauti ful I' said little Judy sweetly. 'Tell me a little mure, Magdalen, please. Who was she ? How did you know her ? She was very poor, wasn't she, when you and your mother knew her first ?1 There was a pause. The figure standing before the bookcase did not stir. Magdalen turned her head slowly and looked with great sombre eyes at her questioner. ' A word will tell you who she was, Judy -nobody. She was without father or mother, home ý or friends, untaught, un trained, unloved - a girl ignorant and innocent, whose sole possession was the uu happy beauty which would have lured her to her ruin or driven her to her death had not the noblest and tenderest hands in the world been stretched out to save her. Was she poor, you say. She had known what bitter hunger, thirst, and cold were, child I She stopped. Judy sprang up impulsively, and clasped her round the neck. ' I can guess how she loved you, darling; I know what an angel you must have been to her. Don't tell me any more, I can see it hurts you even now.' She kissed the cold cheek against which her own rested, and even in giving the caress her versatile fancy took another turn. ' Why, the names are somewhat alike, -aren't they - Magdalen Arden and Margaret Orde.' ' Are they ?' (7o he ie ontinuad.). 