THE EXPERIENCES OF AN ACTOR , 7 ^IN THE BACRBLO OKS. , (Concluded.) ..; After months of " delay 'and;, dläap-''. pointrnent ...(for I had npt yet Jhad.\ : enpugh. pf tlie sitagej.^the summer" had; again como round, when I procured;; an .?< engagement in another travelling company. \;- The southern' colony- had. proved disastrous enough. Nothing ^daunted, I resolved lo tempt fate in the north, and my heart was nearly as light as my 'pocket when I signed an 'agreement for a six months'^tour , throiigh the northern part of New South Wales and ^Queensland. The lennis were surprisingly liberal, but this I considered a mark of-'discern ment oh the part ot' my new manager. Tlie .latter was very affable, arid gave nie a long and interesting account of Iiis own past, career.. It was briefly this: He had only been out in tho colonies a short time, haying come out'troni England'for his health. His uncle, recently dead, had left him a considerable sum of money, which ho intended investing in theatrical busi ness. And he hinted darkly at the immense salaries he had been, obliged to declino as an actor, both in Lon don and New York, owing to an af fection of the heart (not sentimental), which required perfect rest and quiet. With this object in view, he intended becoming manager of a /theatrical company ! Yo gods ! And . we be lieved him-though he wore bis hair long, and had. a receding forehead and a runaway chin ! Later on, he told us so many lies about himself,; that he used to get confused, and forget which were the original ones: S- looked so young, so boyish al most, that he: deceived much Older and wiser people than myself. A pair of soft blue eyes, á smooth roundface, surrounded by a mass of fair waving hair (worn rather long), and a frank, ingenuous smile gave him the. appear ance of a youth of 20. He was ^prob ably a good1 deal nearer 30 ; and then,, too, he had . an appealing manner, which seemed' to say, "don't take me in, I'm such a generous; confiding fel low," &e.; As'1 a rule, it worked won derfully well-with ladies especially, until they found out what an awful humbug he was. We started from Sydney in a boat bound for one of the northern rivers, and as we steamed slowly down the harbor the sun sank majestically In crimson and gold, a few heavy clouds concealing its last rays; but they- were clouds lined, not with silver,', but with deep-red, gold, and we took it as a happy- omen... In those days river steamers were not so fast or so com fortable as they are now! Once out side the Heads, our old "tub" rolled and pitched, though it was tolerably calm. But when tho wind changed, as it did, :iri a few hours, " and the weather became wild and- boisterous, our sufferings were indescribable. On leaving the wharf we bad asked each other-as people invariably . do-what sort of sailors we were, and the an swers were much as usual. There were the people who said "they were aili right unless it was very rough," with an emphasis which led you to believe that only, when the sea ran mountains high did they allow nature to assert itself . . A small number humbly confessed-in apologetic tones -'that they were oïten ill at sea, with put any .extenuating circumstances whatever. Then there were the su perior people, who told us that they never "gave way" under the'most; tryr' ing circumstances, having travelled amidst fearful hurricanes, when the decks were swept by vast seas of wa ter, &c.; These experiences were in terchanged in calm water. When the Wild Swan got among the big rollers I was thankful that, in spite of much temptation, I had confessed to a ten dency to giving way ! The. superior people said; that tliey .rather, preferred rough Weather, it was so bracing and pleasant. ' And they staggerèd about . on deck, . . clutched . at things; sat down, got up ..again, .-?hummed little tunes, and though rit zier'restless were very convivial. One man even whistled, but it sounded so much like ' a dirge, that the ' leading lady .asked him "not to," and he. didn't. He disappeared soon after, sp- did thé others* and we did not all meet again until we were in caira water, 'and- then we looked such wrecks, that we had to' be re-introduced to each other. How ever, pur ' sii Ff er iii gs were greatly alle^ vjaied when We passed the bar. oí the river iii. safety* though, we ran ' ou à sandbank inside. There wasn't. ; any danger,- but we all wrote and told our frieifds that we had been shipwreck ed, and ; had saved each- other's lives; and had escaped through pur own "bravery. Anyhow, I küow. we" nearly all had letters-congratulating us on our, marvellous escape , from, a yya~ .tery; graye..;, ,4,8 a .matter,/:of fact», it . ioob a good deal of- persuasion before .any of us could bo iriduced- to trust ourselves to : ah' old rope ladder. Wo '.'eventually did; 'and were' thus, lov/ered into'.! smali boats, arid -rowed ashore. .- Soon after landing, we re-enibark'ed .-on: board *a sana ii .-steamer that- traded -.tip1 tho viVer.'- j We ' tottered < feebly up ;j-the'gaugivVäy, and 'tried; to look' about m ? 'vvitii a\çrlliea1'air,, ahd;^ot' iip a /little", enthusiasm about '.'.the , scenery. We told each other that 'this rlyer -was very-liko the Rhine, (none of us had eyer seeii thé-Rhine; brit that didn't ' matter);.; Tho undergrowih 'was very luxuriant, ;long trailing yjn.es st'rötch ed from tree to ..t-ree,;.-an(l'1;.dei).se.-'raas ses of fern almost covered the marshy ground. Snakes seemed very nume rous, especially green '--'.water snakes, and wo saw ä ; good many darting through the .water, arid iii among. the tall reeds tba t grew . along the ,banks. After spending about three hours in the steamer we landed at tile little . town of G---, where a coach was waiting for us. . We drove through some lovely pastoral eorintry for about' twenty " miles. The road was good, and our horses, went at a smart pace, so that our drooping spirits revived, with each mile of the journey. Cattle standing knee-deep in grass,- green, waving cornfields, and snug little homesteads, almost hidden v by - hea vily laden fruit trees, formed a plea sant picture of prosperity. ; We rea ched the- town of B- hi: the even ing, and retired to bed soon after our arrival. We could not sit up, be cause a local band waa'practising.-the: "Dead March" just opposite our ho tel, and a little higher up the street ' the Salvation Army was holding a re vdvàl with the aid of . another brass . . band. And we didn't feel able to bear it, so soon after our sufferings in the . Wild Swan. s The following day was a public holi ; day. We had two rehearsals^ got everything ready for the evening, and ' Opened to good business; The play went' Very well, as it" usually does when there is a. good house. ' , Mine ? was a small, "straight" part, so I /didn't get into any serious difficulties, and only had one little misadventure. A. scene dooiy only wanted in one set ting, was not Very .secure, and the "scenic artist", was standing behind propping it up. I was retreating with a profound obeisance, and walked backwards into it. The door tottered, but the "arlbist"' succeeded in holding it up, and using his feet very freely at . the same time. He was a large man, and wore very heavy boots, arid I re treated hastily with a very wan smile. But the audience thought it was a ; little bit of low comedy, and applaud ed loudly. We stayed at B- about three days, and played to good houses. Then drove across country to the town ' of /L-, rather a busy place, and : ehaririingly situated among thickly wooded hills. A river shaded by drooping willows ran through the . town, "with many a curve," " and found an outlet to the sea, by wind ing among ; the distant hills, like a silver thread. We spent nearly a : week .hère very profitably. Then off agaiin. Often staying only for one night's performance in the sirialler towns. At some of the little halls in these places we had funny experien ces. There were no dressing-rooms at one hall, so the men dressed on the stage, and the ladies at their hotel, ; which Was very near. There was only one dooiy which ' admitted the audi ence; brit;'.there, was a window open-, ing on the stage, and when it was time to change the ladies crawled through it and on to the ground out side. A'large tank stood near it, ap parently full of frogs, who kept up a full orchestral accompaniment during ^ the performance. At auy rate, it was all the music we had, as the piano was a hopeless asthmatic; they told us that it had twice been sub merged during floods, and was after-, .wards dropped out oil a cart, and we quite believed it! Duning the play the low.: comedian had tb be kicked off the stage by an irate parent, and, the stage being very small, the im ; pétris sent him flying through the window on top of tho tank, io the great consternation of its inhabitants, :. who gave us some noisy, "hurry" . mn-' sic. '? A preceding company had play ? ed-"! "Kast Lynne" on " th is stage-in five acts, and, without any scenery-r wiiiclii only shows what can be done''. . \ For tile . first two br three weeks fortune ;S'eemed to smile on us, - As a company, we agreed, well togetheiy. _ arid our manager was always polite " arid 'góód-natured, so wo forgave him h'iö. Bad acting and'his romantic little tàles about lmriself. But after the third week fortunes-hither to so kind -tui'neïl a froAvning face on us, and remained . consistently cruel to the ;.; last. -First, oft all heavy storms used - to'corive ou riëai-îy" eVéry evening just wíieri people ought to" haye been com ing to the theatre. Then rain set in, and continued, with brief intervals, during' the rest of our tour. And how it can rain in the nprth! -It used to cornie down in perfect sheets of water. A few hours would transform, harmless little streams ' into foaming torrents. The well-to-do people in these parts, seemed to keep boats tied up,, in gardens, in case; of . any. little emergency in''the.'way Öf'floodsj and I. dare, say they had lifebelts hanging np iii their '.phil trie's, 'though.' we didn't .8,0$. ..tfièm. ' <?. Even . during our brief tlniöfipf .prosperity the;"? "ghost", had never walked, for pur, manager had always soine plausible excuse for postponing "treasury day." But once the heavy rains set in the takings were so .small, as -barely , to cover daily expenses,--besides which' S- was always seized with fainting fits when monetary matters were discussed. He told us that any agitation, brought on spasm's of the heart - And lie used to fall down anywhere-a sofa by pre ference--and' required great care on thepart of the ladies before he recover ed. Sometimes these attacks took the form Of hysteria, and he. would laugh and gesticulate wildly. After a while, when we had ceased to believe in him, we used to let. him pick him self up-which he did very quickly when.he:.thought-, no one was looking. At the 'beginning of the rainy season we were travelling by slow stages up the River 'C-~--.., Landing at the ya '.TÍ.OTDSÍ.' li'ttle^'-town-s on its banks we would, play, for a night" or two to mis erably thin audiences, then on again. Sometimes thè weather would clear up for a day or two, and then-in spite of all oiu* misfortunes-we were able to admire the beauty of this '.'lioMe river. Ifs bright waters^ were ever curving and winding-only?to re veal some fresh beauty. Here and there fields of tall, feathery !tcane sloped to the water's edge, while'the black swan, made its home amongst the reeds that fringed the banks of in numerable islands dotting its broad expanse. Long lines of barges-ly ing idly at their moorings till the cane cittting-gave almost a foreign aspect to some of the little towns. And ever in the distance a lofty range of purple mountains formed ai noble back ground to a picture not easily for gotten, as we first saw it-the sun shining on it through Hie rolling mist and the trees dripping still from the recent tears-"beauty in tears." The O--- ' is only navigable by ocean steamers as far as G-, where we parted "by request" with our youth ful manager. And long- suffering landlords, coach proprietors,- bill stickers, printers, and sa'd-faced "pros" long "mourned their? irrepar able loss." - As the rainy season bad passed without floods, and there seemed every prospect of fine weather, we de termined to try our luck as a com monwealth. , Each of us had an. equal share of responsibility and an equal division of profits. We strug gled on for a few weeks, paid , our way, and then divided the profits, which amounted to about a shilling a week each. We had been working so long for nothing a week that it felt like getting a salary again! How ever, a week soon came when divi dends were nil,.. with np prospect of a rise. The weekly shilling had made us discontented; we got to ex pect it; we grumbled, and said we wouldn't go on without it. So we re turned to G-, "only to break up by ni ii tu al. couseult. Personally, I had got tired of being "broken up" and "managed" and "disbanded," and felt that' private life, however hum ble, would give me a chance of get ting "mended." During our brief season at G--we had time to see a good deal of the rich alluvial country which stretches for miles on either side of tlie river.* The town itself is tmilt chiefly on the north side, .and is laid out in precise square blocks; the long,^straight streets are planted with rows of tall, shady trees, which forn: a very welcome relief from.the burn ing rays of the summer sun.- Th* country: oil either side of the river is yery flat, hence its constant inunda ' tipn by flood water; but the site of the town itself is very picturesque and whether seen in the. firs rosy flush of dawn, or wi tl the golden sunset1 1 streauiinf over the distant hills, : it formed Í scene of bewitching beauty. Perhaps .irs,beauty was never more entrancing than when the broad bosom of tin river heaved gently iii the teudei moonlight, when the. lights . of thi .town..' glittered like stars, while tal pine trees here and there stood lik< sentinels outlined against the clea; sky, and one ceased to wonder that in spite of its perilous inundations tire people of G- were so proud o their noble river. Then- we came to flowery hollows), where wi heard a far-bft' stream - ' Ringing in the nionny twilight .'Uko. thc'riven ' of my dream, 