[?] The Haunted III House, A NARRATION OF FACTS UNAIDED BY FICTION. ... :.?'. -y [BT FEDDEAtiLIEF.] ; i ??',-' CHAPTER I. : ' Sorpe people do not believe in ghosts, , I do. Not that I have ever seen one, unless an actual y et'myaterious visit from a living person who waa at the same moment of time at a distance of 16,000 miles can be classed as ghost seeing. At some future time I may have something to say aboub this wonderful case of transmigration, but KK» 1U «WB3 UL\JU MOB*. U£ftJU U1XC7 ^lODDUU incident it need not be further referred to Slow. It is not necessary to actually see a spirit to prove the existence of disembodied ? visitants, because the ghoBb whose visits I am about to narrate, as far as I can learn, was never sera by any of the , tenants of the haunted house in question, although, it was most positively , heard on numerous occasions. Had ic ; been visible, its actions, being so methodi cal, would have led to a prompt investiga tion, and the discovery of a terrible domestic tragedy at a much earlier date than it was. The case might have fallen into other hands less merciful, to ba followed by exposure and unrelenting . justice. The actual discovery of the whole dreadful business was due to an outburst of youthful bravado— a challenge which the writer was too proud to retract, and which was immediately accepted in dupli cate; I could not go back from it without bringing upon, myself the derisions of a score of young people present who had been listening to thrilling recitals and blood curdling ghost tales. Mo3tsincerely did I wish the challenge had not escaped ma, since the acceptance of it involved withdrawal from a very cheerful and pleasant company— a walk of ten miles cut and home, and a midnight watch for a ghost in a lonely house on a country common. The challenge came about in this way : The party, consisting all , of young people,* fairly divided in numbers as to sex, had arrived the previous day for an alfresco indoor picnic, that is, : conventionalities were to be dropped for the nonce, and each and all were to enjoy j themselves how, when, and where they pleased; ceremony was to be banished, and unlimited fun and frolic was innocently and thoroughly indulged in. Through the summer previous we had had a series of outdoor picnics and water partie?, and the delightful autttmn weather had been abruptly broken up by the setting in of early winter, and the present jollification ' was held as a grand wind-up of the season, a real picnic indoors. If I remember correctly not one of our TinmVlfir Vin.nl coon mnrn fhan fcnrn.n.nrl. twenty summers, while the majority were ? yet in their later teens. My brother and mysalf were keeping a batchelor home, the indoor arrangements being presided over by our. two sister b of eighteen and twenty years respectively, and it has often been a subject of wonder in maturer years that the parents of eo many young people per mitted their youths and maidens to accept an open invite for two days and nights without insisting on proper or rather pro prietary supervision; not that chaperons were really needed, since our party con sisted of old schoolmates and longstanding. friends, and their chivalrous beariDg * through the summer season was sufficient guarantee for propriety. The fun of the . v previous day had been well sustained into '.* the vre* sma1 hours,' and in no instance had developed into anything but enjoyable exuberance. - ., The evening of the second day found us inclined to quieter pastimes, recitations, round games, music, and story telling alternated in the place of dancing and charades of the previous day and evening. It was known to several of the party that we, four brothers and sisters enjoyed the envied notoriety of having lived in a I ' haunted house, and a unanimous wish was ' expressed for a narration of some of the particulars. I complied, and during the relation that drawing-room scene was just a picture. An artist would have made him self a name could he have put it on . canvas ai I saw it then. Imagine a large room, well furnished, lighted only by the flitting flame of the ' fire as it cheerfully burned in the low regiater-grate. The gasalier was turned / off to suit) the occasion and intensify the expected ghost creeps. The young people had settled themselves promiscuously on cushions, settees, the hearthrug, and eve the floor. The furniture was prettily dis arranged to provide a better space for the group, while 1 stood at the outer edge of it, telling my, tale and iivetting their attention, filling their heads with facts productive of fears and alarms which were reflected in the countenances of my eager listeners. I concluded by saying—' The whole of what I have been telling you is* true; there stands the Jhouse ^now, empty, 8nd there somewhere hidden away is the cause of the ghost's uneasiness, evidently having visitod us ' in vain to cause an in terest to oe tan en in its case, and I am Will ing at this moment, if any of you 'will ac company me, to start off and watch for it, tracking the sound of its step3, and dig in the cellars if necessary, till I find out more than I at present know of the mystery. Scarcely hacl the words left my lips than . two * young fellows volunteered to accompany me, and although there was sufficient inducement in the present hapfly time to suggest and justify an adjournment till a more conve nient eeason, yet for my word's sake I would not back down, but began to make immediate preparations for our midnight adventure to and- in the haunted house. .While we three young men may bejsup posed to be wending our way on our five miles' journey I will relate the circum stances which supplied the material rele gated to our interested and spell-bound guests, and which, if our midnight dis coveries had beenadded, might haveresulted in some terious mental disarrangement, among the younger and more sensitive of. the gentler sex. Could we three have for seen the end of our ghoBt seeking probably we,, would nob have undertaken it, but when the foolish venture where angels fear to tread it of ttimes happens they get more than they bargain for, and so it befell us oh cms never to be torgotten occasion. CHAPTER II. Some three years before the time I am writing of, chafing under the restraint and confinement of a town life and long hours of business, and dreading the best hours of my life would yield me little enjoyment I, then' about nineteen years of age, resolved to withdraw from a very lucrativepartner ship which, young as I was, had already been running some eighteen months, and to entir upon a seafaring life as more congenial to my ? fancies; All waB arranged for an apprenticeship with one of the best London merchant companies, except the purchase of my outfit and pay ment of the premium. I was in high glee, fancying myself parading my native streets in my middy's rig, and saying good ?by to my pitying elder and envious young friends, when the current of my life was unexpectedly turned by my parents re questing a talk with- me apart from the other members of the family: Leading me to a retired room they both affection ately set before me the dangers of the life I was looking forward to, its hardships, uncertainties, and other detractions, not withstanding which my inclinations were not affected adversely. Finding I was more 'Eet' than they had imagined they finally appealed to my weakest point, my affection for themselves, and wound up byifeaying if I really went to sea they would nob know peace either night or day during my absence, as they would not be able to sleep in their bed3 for the thought that their youngest son might be a, prey to storms or shipwreck. They had talked it over, and if I would but give up the idea would give my next elder brother an. equal sum. to what I had made in *my eighteen months of' business life, and pnr chase a country business which woiild give us both enough to occupy our attention and at the same time enable U3 to enjoy more. freedom and recreation than would a business in town suclf as I had seceded from. , In the end I yielded, and my father was soon enabled to secure a country flour milling business, which he deemed suitable ti our means and abilities. I shall never forget the day that my brother and I walked over to our new home that was to be, a distance of seven miles from where we then resided, in one of the beauty spots of the garden of England. We left the cluster of towns which has for its centre a. cathedral city, and traversed the main road facing towards London, passing the residence of one of England's greatest writers, who was then at his zenith. Leaving this celebrated spot, im moitilised by Shakespeare, and proceeding onward yet another short mile we reached a turn off from the main road through an orchard, and gained the lower northern portion of the village, and saw before us a sharp ascent leading to a common, on the edge of which stood our new home and an old-fashioned post- mill, said to be the first landmark seen by voyagers crossing the German Ocean and making -towards the mouth of England's noblest river. It was a bright, genial, spring day, and the glorious weather added a charm to the surroundings. We were both equally charmed with the idea of living our future in a spot so favoured by nature. The scenery was lovely beyond description. As we stood on the summit of the hill in the mile plot the common lay behind us, belted by a growth of young fir, beech, and1 elm trees j to the west was a hilly country, yet through the valleys we could discern the toweis of the Crystal Palace st' Sydenham, some 30 . mues distant, ana aiso me glinting oc me sun on the glas3 of the main building. On the . north wa3 the noble craf c laden Thames, which could be traced , many a mile ? in either direction, looking like a huge fiery serpent when the sun was overtib, while directly in front of us were meadows and arable land stretching for miles down to the busy river, across which like a panorama lay some miles of the coast of the opposite county. ...':.' After a town life we felt this to be a heaven upon earth. Our father haying negotiated all preliminaries for us, and' our foreman having taken possession pre vious to oar visit, we did not see our pre decessor, a Mrs Willett formerly, but who, after less than a year of widowhood, had married again, and was. now known as Mrs Ollins, although up to the time of her leaving most of the villagers still ad dressed her by the old and better known name. ?',..:.. , -i The second husband was ntuch her junior }' indeed hev had been apprenticed to her first husband, and had stepped into his place, yet not from ' man to master,' aa his former mistress remained mistress' still, the business now, as heretofore, being mainly conducted under her management, the new spouse quietly submitting to the arrangement. As is UBual in country places* there was a good deal of gossip indulged in. over the affairs of our predecessors, and inter spersed with all this talk were sundry hints and mysterious inuendoe3 which as strangers to the district we could - not apply, but ?which began to take . more tangible form as we became settled and took our bearings. Our first visit was but a short one, only a few hours, and. leaving our foreman in charge^ after having made arrangements for' our permanent return, we started on our return journey taking another route homewards, sorry to leave our new possessions, and aDxious to return to them. We had definitely chosen our rooms as offices and domestic apartments, and arranged for our foreman's wife to become, housekeeper to our bachelor home, and a fortnight later we took up our resi dence, fully satisfied with all the arrange ments made for our welfare and comfort. ' CHAPTER III. I was indeed glad to think my. parents had prevailed upon me to relinquish the sea, indeed I was fairly won over to the charms of the country life opening up before us, which seemed ever' to be dis covering something fresh and new to us. It was a grand tiine for 'we. tiro youngsters, in fact our constant life iri the country promised to be one long holiday in com parison to a business life in the towns, for beyond a few hours' attention to business matters in the early part of the day we had no demand upon our time, and conse quently had : plenty of opportunity for exploring the. surrounding . country and visiting our ever increasing circle of friends. Of course, during our visits the affairs of our predecessors were freely discussed before us, so that we shortly came to know all there was to be learned about them. There was a skeleton in the house during the first husband's time, and he, poor fellow, was made a dupe and a victim : bub much as our neighbours knew about each other's business, and of the domestic affairs of the mill house in particular, they were very far from knowing, or even suspecting, th6 real truth. It remained for us new comers to put two and two together, and bottom the whole successfully carried-out plot, although it took us nearly three years to find the key with which to unlock the secret.*; of the two principal conspirators. Mr Willet. had taken the business some ten years before our advent, and being a kindly-hearted man iva3 very much |liked and well supported in the district. For six or seven years all went well ; to all appear ance he was making money. Up to this time there was nothing unusual in his domestic affairs; they ran smoothly on, and as far sb could be judged his was a happy home. Later , on the villagers noticed a change. Mr Willet's manner became more faerious, his . ? joviality was somewhat forced when he en deavoured to . be his old self. Gradually it became whispered about that market day found him short, of cash, and a few of the near farmers had had to wait awhile for. the money to be gathered in from the customers before it was haniedi over to them j and thtts ia the round about? way of village goasip the inmates of the» mill house learned they were being talked about. .-?-.' Rumours were already affecting his business, and Mr Willet knew some ex planation was expected from him as to thei change in his circumstances; and indeed ife had become necessary for his own sake tcf give a reason why he had to ask the in dulgence cf credit instead of being able to grant it aa in the old time. In explana tioDi Mr Willet confided to his particular friends that the preceding harvest had not been a good one for millers; the season had been a damp one, and the wheat ia most cases was clammy, would not grist well ; the flour' had to be sold away from his Jrade for whatever it would fetch, while he had to buy a better article for hia customers at a price which left but little margin to cover expenses. At the eame time he confessed ho couldn't understand it ; he did not know what it all meant, for he always thought he could stand si tight pinch if one should overtake him ; he seemed to be doing a good business, yet ib hadn't paid him this long time baok, and unless things mended very eoon he would again think of clearing out and going to America while he had something to go with. This mention of America was not forgotten, as the sequel will show. Mr Willet had sometimes spoken favour ably of emigration when it had been the topic oE conversation in the village. ; Yet laj;er on the miller's circumstances ap peared to grow worse instead of better, and no one was really surprised] when it was _£.»». *ti«4- 4-iinf? Via Tiatf? ortno nwav tin glVOU OUU l'Xlt*U . AAO A1.W** f,\SMV M1Tt»J W^ see what the country was like. The keeper of the toll-gate was early in stating the new saying that Mrs Willet had driven her huBband through before daybreak towards' the nearest port touched by outward bound vesself, and he added, he did feel surprised and hurt because the miller did not respond to his 'good morning' in his usual friendly way» for he would not open his lips, but sat muffled ap aa though he wad the greatest stranger on earth. He was also very surprised that Mrs Willet had returned long before he expected her, for it seemed he had scarcely got back to his bed before she was there again crying out ' gate!' , TMb talk soon got round, and Mrs Willefe appeased the public curiosity by saying her husband couldn't find it in his heart to say good-by to his old friend ; that he had suddenly made up big .mind to. go to America and |avoid all good-bys by catch ing the steamer which was due to go out with the next tide. He was too affected to attempt to speak, and when only a little further on had expressed a wish that she should go no further, as he did not wish to attract attention by saying good-by in the town, and he would like her to be baok i home in case the children might want her. This feasible explanation satisfied th.e villagers, and they were content to enquire from time to time what news, if any, there was from America, and how she was managing in the business without him. The apprentice had been out of his time some years, and had been kept on the mill because it was inconvenient to do without him. During the last few years he had been able to take his turn at night work, thus considerably rplieving his employer. He had lived with the family so long that he was almost regatded as one of them. He had always been a favourite of Mrs Willet's, and after the husband's depar ture became even more so, until at last ifc came to be noticed and occasioned some scandal. He was a fine, stalwart young man, with fresh-coloured face and light wavy auburn hair, had a pleasing way with him, but was Eom'ewhat l&cking; in firmness and moral force, and until recently his mistress's manner towards him was regarded more as the affection of a mother towards an elder son. * - , (To be, continued,.) 