IPitcratace. RMSHiW FAMING'S QUEST. Br BERTRAM MTTFOBD, Author of 'The Gun-runner, a Romance of Znlulaniii' ''Twefen Snow and Fire,' 'Through the Zulu Country: Its Battle fields and its People,' &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] . Chapter XXXV.— Thb Price op Buood. Alter' the ~ explanations attendant upon Christopher Selwood's awkward discovery, . relations between Violet and her entertainers became somewhat strained. Spoiled and petted ever since -she could re member, bowed down to as a very goddess as she grew up in her. fascinating girlhood ; accustomed to the most unbounded admira tion, and undivided withal, Violet Avory was It 'was all very well for her host to wonder 'what the deuce she could see in the fellow,' the fact remained that her love for Maurice Sellon engrossed her whole headstrong and paSiionate nature, and opposition served no other purpose than to rivet her determination. To reasoning she was deaf. All appeals to her sense of self-respect rendered her sullen — but underlying this sullenness lurked a dogged intensity of resolution. If ever a woman was ou the road to ruin Violet Avory was that woman, and she would be lucky did she escape the final goaL nMto ^o\rc +.Tin.£ tcXitvaroA TirApo +r*l**i'alilir nn. comfortable for all concerned. Violet sulked. She was an adept in the art of put ting on an air of outraged innocence and managed to make everybody supremely uncomfortable accordingly. She kept to her room as much as she conveniently could and when she did venture out she slmnned Marian's companionship, taking her . solitary wanderings in secluded places. Her hostess, angered and disgusted, after one or two 'further attempts at reasoning with her, fell in with-her mood and left her severely to herself. But kind-hearted Chris — with whom she had always been a great favorite — persisted in declaring that she was not the one to blame in the matter— that she was rather deserving of sympathy — and he accordingly was the only one to whom she condescended to unbend. She was so sorry to be such a nuisance to everybody she would say, putting on the most winningly plaintive air for his benefit Had she not better go _ at once instead of waiting for opportunities, which might not occur for weeks? She would be quite safe and had no fear of travelling by herself. She was only a 'wet blanket 'in the house and anin tolerableburden— shecouldaeethat. Everybody wassostrangenow — asifshehaddonesomething awfuL He, Christopher, was the only one who ever gave her a kind word or seemed to care whether she was alive or dead. And then out would come .the. daintiest little lace hand kerchief in the world, and, of course, poor old soft-hearted Christopher felt extremely foolish .— :as she intended he should — and wilder than ever with the absent Sellon, which she did not intend. Then he would endeavor to reassure her and reiterate again and again that nobody blamed her, which, of course, did not impose upon her, for with the freemasonry existing among women Violet knew better : knew that she was in fact, the very one whom her hostess indeed did think the most to blame. She must not hurry away from them like that, he would say. Things would come right again— it was only a temporary misunderstanding, and they would all be as jolly again together as before. And Violet in her secret heart rejoiced — for any day might bring .back her lover. -However great %vas her apparent anxiety to relieve them of her presence _ it would npt do to be hurried away just in time to tnita» him. That would be too awful. Her relief at the welcome reprieve would not, however, have been so great had she been aware of a certain fact as to which she had been designedly kept in ignorance. Selwood had written to Maurice, directing the letter to the principal hotel of a town through which the treasure-seekers were bound to pass on their return. He had taken steps to ensure its immediate delivery or return to himself if not claimed -within a given period, and in it he asked Sellon not to come to Simningdale until he had had an interview with the writer — at any place he, Sellon, might choose to appoint. No, assuredly, her equanimity might have l-een a trifle disturbed had she known of that. So the days went by. One afternoon she was indulging in a soli tary stroll, according- to her recent habit. It was nearly sundown. She walked along absently, her dress sweeping the crickets in chirruping showers from the long dank ? herbage under the shade of the quince hedge. She crossed^ ifee deserted garden' and gained the rough wicket gate opening out of it on the other side. Down the. narrow bridle-path, winding through the tangled brake she moved, - still absently as in a dream. And she was in a dream, for it was down this' path that they two had walked that first morning — ah ! so lone1 ago now. She stood npon the river bank on the very 6pot where they had stood together. The great peaks soaring aloft were all golden in the slanting sunset. The shout and whistle of the Kaffir herds bringing in their flocks sounded from the sunlit hillside mellowed by distance. Doves cooed softly in the thornbrake, their voices mingling with the fantastic whistle of the yellow thrush and the shrill chatter of a toud of finks flaaTiimr in and out of their banging nests above the water. She stood thus in the radiant evening light trying to infuse her mind with a measure of its peace. But above the voices of Nature and of even ing came another sound — the dull thud of hoofs. Some one was riding up the bridle path on the other side of the river. Heavens ! Could it be ? ? The thought set her every pulse tingling. Nearer, nearer came the hoof strokes. The horseman emerged from the brake. Tired and travel-worn he looked, so too did his steed. The latter plunged knee-deep into the cool stream and drank eagerly, gratefully, of the flowing waters. But the glint of the white dress on the bank opposite caught the rider's eye. Up went his head. So too did that of the horse, jerked up suddenly by a violent wrench of the bridle. There was a prodigious splashing, stifling the horseman's exclamation, as he plunged through the drift and the water flew in great jets around. Then scarce had the dripping steed touched the opposite bank than the rider sprang to the ground and the waiting, expec tant figure was folded tight in his arms. 'Oh, Maurice, Aa.rKiitgl it is you at last !' she murmured, clinging to him in his close embrace. And then she felt that it was good indeed to live. ?' Me ? Rather ! And 'at lasf is about the word for it. And bo my little girl has been waiting here for me ever since I went away. Confess ! Hasn't she 7' 'Yes.' 'Of course. This was always our favorite retreat, wasn't it? Still, I thought just the very moment I happened to arrive you would be anywhere else— with the rest of the crowd. It's just one's luck- as a rule. Bat mine is better this time — rather !' 'But— but— where's Renshaw ?' she asked, lifting her head as she suddenly became alive to the other's non-appearance. Sellon looked rather blank. V *' H*m — hr — Renahaw * Well — he isn't here ? hasn't come, anyhow.' 'But — is hejcomingon after you V she said, awake to the inconvenience of their first .meet* injr being suddenly broken in upon ^«M — -welL The feet is, Violet, darling, vou' don't car© about anything or anybody iowvadUftiagBtiier again. 33uloi« Jod tiro '? ? ? «?--'?-' -'.??.??'''.? - - . -A, -V -,. . .- .-....? .' . - _ '' ', i '.'? ^^E^^S^pQio?yi3^mg^^yaCaer come to ] ?^Saihe to grief f'sbe^choedwonderingly. ^Well^ea ; Fapt ia; I'm afraid the po6r ehapwillnever show np 'here again. He got bit^-bbwledoverby those cursed Bushmen or KorannaB, or whatever they 'were. We had to five themIeg4»aiL loantellYon: They pinked nimwithoneof their'poisdned arrows. He's done far.*' - — =-. ' ;;.'- -,-?-- :'???'?:- ;';- '? - ? Ohi Poor Benshaw;!'? cried Violet in horror. ? 'B6t'yda— yon are unhurt; dearest? You have— have come backto ine-aare;' ?'Safe as a church. I got a trifle damaged, too. Sprained my ankle just, at the wrong time— those Bushmen devils coming on hard in onr Tear. Touch and go. TIL tell you all about it by-and-bye. I shan't tell the others about Fanning all at once — break it gradually, you know. So don't you cut in with it.' ???;.' Poor,RBnshaw ?' That was alL in those two words she dismissed the memory of the man but for whose unselfish heroism the lover in whose embrace she nestled sorestfolly, so gjadsomely, would now be lying in ghastly fragments among the weird mountains of that far-away land. 'Poor Renshaw !' Such was his epitaph at her liga. Truly her allabsorb ing clandestine passion bad exercised no im proving, no softening influence upon Violet Avory— as, indeed, how should it?— for was it not Uie intensely selfish absorption of an intensely selfish nature ? ' Poor Renshaw f And the man — he who owed his life to the other many times over, but never so much as in the last instance — what of him ? Nothing ! For from such a nature, as his nothing was to be expected. This modern Judas, unlike his prototype, was prepared - to enjoy to die full the price of blood. No com punction on that head troubled him. 'Oh, Maurice. I must warn you?' cried Violet suddenly'. 'Everything has come out.' He started then. A grey scared look came over his face. 'His conscience and his mind flew back to those grim, iron-bound deserts. ' Everything T he stammered blankly. ',Yes, dear. About ourselves, I mean. I can't imagine how, but it has. They have been leading me such a life. Hilda has been perfectly hateful. The way in which she has treated me is absolutely scandalous. And Marian— sanctimonious sheep ! Pah ! I hate them all,' she broke off, her eyes flashing. ' My poor darling. But how do you sup pose it happened ? You haven't been leaving any letters about ?' ; . 'No — no— no,T' she interrupted quickly. 'No, no. My belief is — 6he — she — has found out where I am — where you are — and has written to them.' His face grew dark. 'That devil!' he muttered between his teeth. 'That she-devil would do anything — anything.' ' I want to warn you, Maurice. The only way out of the difficulty while we are here is for us to pretend to care nothing about each other— ^that the past was only a matter of a passing flirtation and not to be taken seriously. Do you follow my plan?' 'Yes, but I don\ like it'' _ 'That can't be helped. Do you, suppose I like it? But it will not be for long. I am going away very soon — it might be any day now — home again. Then we can make up for the present hateful restraint. What is to pre vent you returning by the same steamer? You will, Maurice darling — you will — will you not f she urged, clinging closer to him and looking up into his eyes with a piteoiisly hungering expression, as though fearing to read there the faintest forestahnent of a nega tive. But her fears were groundless. 'Will I? I should rather think I would.: Listen, Violet. This mad expedition of poor Fanning's has turned up trumps. I- have that about me at this moment which should be worth two or three hundred thousand pounds at least. Only think of it. . We have the world at our feet— -a, new lif e before us. You are, as you say, going home. But it will be to a real home?' She looked into his eyes— her gaze seemed to burn into his — her breast was heaving convul sively. They understood each other. 'Do you mean it, Maurice?' she gasped. * l My darling, do you really and truly mean it f ' Mean it 1 Of course I do. It was with no other object I went risking my life a dozen times a day in that ghastly desert. With the wealth that is ours we can afford to defy all the world — that she-devil included. And we wilL' 'Yes, we wilL' Their lips met once more, and thus the com pact was sealed. Alas, poor Violet ! She had fiven herself over, bound, into the enemy's and. She had sold herself, and the price paid was the price of blood, even the blood of him who had sacrificed his own life for her sake. Chapteb XXXVT. — Seliox's Last Lie. But that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet's communication, the reserve not to say coldness, of his reception by the family would have astonished bellon not a little. Now, however, it in no wise disconcerted him ; rather, it strucl? him in the light of a joke. He had got his cue and meant to act up to it. So when his somewat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving him a private inter view- he replied with the j oiliest laugh in the world—/ 'Certainly, certainly, my dear fellow. Delighted. Well, Miss Erne'— as that young person ran against them in the hall — 'here I am, back again to tease you, vou see.' 'Where's Unelfe Renshaw, Mr. Sellon ?' said the child. Maurice stared. The straight question, the straight look accompanying it, disconcerted him for a moment. ' Renshaw ! Oh, coming on,' he answered quickly, 'coming on. Be here soon, I dare say.' He had made the same sort of .reply to the same enquiry on the part of his- host. He thought he had done with the subject. It irri tated him to be called upon to repeat the same lie over and over again. 'By the way, Mr. Sellon,' began the latter, 'did you get the letter I sent you at Marais dorp?' 'Mister Sellon!' Maurice started. Old Chris was taking the thing seriously indeed, he thouerht with an inward laugh. 'Not I,' he answered. 'Probably for the beet of all possible reasons. I didn't come through Maraisdorp or anywhere near it.' 'Before going any furtner I want you to look at this,' said Selwood, unlocking a small safe and taking out the unfortunate missive. ' Wait — excuse me one moment, I want you to look attentively at, the direction first.' He still held the envelope. Maurice took one glance at the address — the handwriting — and as he did so his face was not pleasant to behold. 'All right. I know that calligraphy ?well enough. Ought to by this time. Ha, ha ! So she has been favoring you with her peculiar views on things in general and me in particular. You ought to feel honored.' ' I ? Favoring me f echoed the other, in a state of amazement. ' Yes— you. I suppose the communication is an interesting one ? ' My dear Sellon, look at the address again, ' said Christopher, handing him the envelope. 'By Jove! It's for me after all,' looking at it again. ' What a treat ! Why the devil can't the woman write legibly f ' he muttered. Then aloud — ' Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you, Selwood.' 'Ha — I am very glad indeed to bear you say that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters and opened it by mistake.' ' The devil you did !' ' Yefe. lean only tell you how sorry I am and how I have spent life cursing my blunder ing asinine stupidity ever since. But there is another thing. 1 feel bound in honor to tell you that I didn't become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice there is no beginning. I turned to the signature for enlightenment; but be tween the first page and the signature I did read not a word. Sellon burst into a roar of laughter— ap- parently over the mistake, in reality tus tie realised how quickly he would be m a position to turn the enemy's flank. 'My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. The joke is an exceedingly rich one. See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two ' sells — eh ? But you don't suppose I am going to share in your entertainment over this charming epistle ? Not much. Just oblige me' with a match.' 'Wait, wait,' cried the other. 'Better read it this time — or at any rate as much of it as it was my misfortune to see.' ' ITm ! Well, here goes,' said Maurice, jerking the letter out of the envelope as though it would burn his fingers. 'Quite so,' he went on with a bitter sneer, running his eye down the sheet. ''That's about enough of this highly intertaining document, the rest can be taken as read, like a petition to the House of Commons. That match* if . you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind you, Selwood, ri he went on, watching the naming sheet curl ing up in the grate, ' I need hardly remind you how many men there are in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind you either that a considerable percentage of these are entrapped and de frauded into the concern by lies and deception against which it is next to impossible tor any man to guard — at all events any young man. When to ibis I add that there are women in this world who for sheer, gratuitous, uniform fiendishness of disposition could give the devil points and beat him at an easy canter, I think Fve said about enough for all present pur poses.' 'This is an awkward and most unpleasant business,' said Selwood. 'Excuse me if I feel bound to refer onoe more to that letter. The— er — writer makes reference by name to Mies Avory, who is a guest in my bouse and a relation of my wife's, and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I can.' 'My dear fellow, that's a little way of hers. I can assure you I am most awfully put out that you should have been annoyed about the business. As to the mistake, don't give, it 'How did Mrs. — er^ — the writer — know Miss Avory was here f This was a facer — not so much the question, as the fact that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the writer implied that he, Sellon, had not met her there at Sunningdale for the first time. But he hoped the other might not notice this side of it. 'Thaf s beyond me,' he answered. 'How did she know I was here? For I need hardly tell you we don't#4»rresp6nd every mail exactly. I can only ' explain it on the score that more people know Tom Fool than T. F. knows ; that there are, I suppose, people in this neighborhood who hail from the old country or have relations there, and the postage upon gossip is no higher than that npbn^business.' ' You Trill not mind my saying that it is a pity we did not know you were a married man.' ??''??Had' been,' you should have said, not 'were/ Not but what legally I am still tied up fast enough — chained and bound — which has this advantage, that it keeps a man from all temptation to make a fool of himself a second time in his life. Still, it doesn't count otherwise.' 'No, I suppose not,' said the other signifi cantly. ' Perhaps it doesn't keep a man from making a fool of other people, though.' 'Now, my dear Selwood, what the very deuce are you driving at ? For heaven's sake let us be straight and open with each other.' ' Well, I mean this. It's a most unpleasant tiling to have to say to any man. But, you see, Miss Avory is our guest and a relation as welL You must know as well as I do that your attentions to her were very — er — marked.' One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine a ring and which Maurice knew sc well when to bring in greeted this speech. 'Look here, Selwood,' he said, 'I don't want to hurt your f eelings, but the fact is you don't understand women in the least. You are quite] on the wrong tack, believe me. Mies Avory doesn't care the ghost of a straw for me or my ' attentions.' You must remem ber that we both knew — er — the same people in England. There, you must fill in the out line. I am not at liberty to say more. But there won:t be much time to put the matter to the test, for Tve got to leave you again to morrow.' To Christopher Selwood's honorable mind no doubt suggested itself as to the genuineness of this explanation. There was a frank straightforwardness about it which, with a man of his character, was bound to telL He felt intensely relieved. But to this feeling there succeeded one of humiliation. Had he not made an inordinate fuss over the concern at the start V Had he not raised a veritable tetorm in a teapot and set everybody by the Ifars for weeks ? Had he not in his anxiety to unburden himself abdicated his own mature judgment in favor of the less reliable decision of his wife ? In short, had he not made a con summate ass of himself all round ? Of course he had. ' By the way, Selwood, there is one thing I want to tell you about now we are together,' said Maurice, after a pause. 'You and the others were asking about Fanning just now. The fact is ne is not with me, but I couldn't say so without entering into further explanations which would certainly have alarmed the ladi_es. We found our ' Valley of the Eye ' all right, and a deuce of a job it was. Pheugh ! I wouldn't go on that jaunt again for twice the loot. The 'Eye' is_a genuine concern, I can tell you — a splendid stone — Fanning has got it. Well, we spent the day picking up a few other stones and just as we were clearing out we were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or Korannas, or what ever they were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark and then we had to separate — to throw them off the scent, don't you see ? We agreed to meet at his place — that is, if we were to meet anywhere again in this world. Well, I had an awful time of it in those infernal moun tains, dodging the niggers. I couldn't show ray nose in the daytime and didn't know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the river and get through to Fanning's place, and when I got there he hadn't turned up. But I found a letter which had been sent by special messenger requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about some infernal but important law business, and Fm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling hini what to do with my share of the swag when it came to dividing, for we hadn't had tune to attend to that then, and except a few small stones he has it all on him. ItUl be spmething good, I guess. I daresay he's turned up at home again long before this. He was just laughing in hiB sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to run him to earth. And he seems to know that awful country like ABC. I never saw such a fellow.' ' That's bad news, Sellon, right bad news,' said. the other shaking his head. 'Renshaw has been all his life at that sort of thing, so we must hope he'll turn up all right. But — the pitcher that goes too often to the pump, you know.' ' Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feel certain we shall hear from him almost directly.' We may be sure that in narrating his adventures .that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his expe riences of the undertaking or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that he really had under gone a very hard time before he had suc ceeded in striking the river at the drift where they had crossed ; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had reached it at alL And during his narrative one listener was noting every word he said with breathless attention. Whenever he looked up Marian Selwood's blue eyes were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steady searching gaze. But he felt more so when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. 'A regular cross- examination, confound it !' he thought. And then by way of a diverson he went to fetch the few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result of the expedition. These were examined with due interest. The fact of Sellon arriving alone created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly imported Briton — and to that extent a green horn? If he ceuld find his ?way out and successfully dodge his pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer such as Renshaw would fare any worse? So on the latter'a account they felt but email anxiety. Not so Marian, however. A terrible suspi cion had taken shape within her mind during SeDon's narrative. 'He has murdered him ! ?was her conclusion. ' He has murdered him, ' she repeated to herself during a night of sleep less agony — such as a strong concentrative nature will sometimes be cidled upon to undergo. But she kept her suspicions to herself — for the present at any rate. She was helpless. What could she do? ?There was nothing to go upon Tben, on the morrow, Sellon took his de parture, as he had announced his intention of doing, and the equanimity with which the cir cumstance was regarded by Violet, together with their indifferent demeanor towards each other on the pre%^pus evening, completely lulled any suspicions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood's mind ; con firming as it did the other's frank and straight forward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him all that had transpired between herself and Violet. (io be continued.) The Marine Board steamer Governor Mns grave returned to the Port on Saturday from an expedition to the west coast bays, where the moorings and buoys were overhauled. As difference of opinion existed as to the site selected for the jetty at Fowler's Bay Captain Clare, the master of the Musgrave, made en quiries concerning the merits of the rival sites. He was satisfied, however, that the jetty was being built in the proper position. The steamer experienced a succession of south easterly gales during the time she was away. She will be kept in commission now until the wardens of the board have made their annual departmental inspection of the coast. 