MEN OF MUSCLE. : Giants that have Figured In. the Past. . Of the wonderfulathletes of all ages Milo of Creton is perhaps the most known. He once ran' a mile with an ox on his shoulders ; then with a blow ol his fist he killed the beast, and ate il in one day. The strongest iman . could not take from Milo a 1 pomegranate which.- he held bet vveen- his, two, fingers, although a woman he loved is 'said to have done it. lie-could, break,. by.icnntracti^g his veins and muscles, a-rord' tied round Jiis - forearm. One. 'day ,( being in a house with.some.pupilsof Pythagoras, the ceiling, thrcatc hfctl-^K) fall: in, bnt~ Milo supporiod the column on which it rested, 'thus giving «his . friends time to escape. - ' ' ? ' , His death isiwell rknown. He tried to tear asundof the trunk of a tree, but his hands ' got pinched m the wood, and being (iinable. to-.disengage them he perishetf, devoured by wild beasts. Theagenes of 'I'hasos, who, with a body like ithat of - Apollo ? and the strengtlvof Hercules, surpassed all. his rivals in all kinds oi exercises, won over 1,400 prizes. Eurybiitc, Chilo, Eutliymos, and Astvdninus won also renown as won derful athletes. ? The strength of Samson is too well known to need description here. The Roman iimpeior , Calus Julius Verus Maximus was a marvel of strength, . being able to squeeze the: hardest stone to. powder wu.'i his fin gers. He was upwards ol eight feet in height, .and his. wife's: bracelet could serve him as a linger ring. Salvius of Rome could 'walk up a :ladder carrying 200. pounds on his ahoulders, 200 pounds in . his hands, ;.i'nd 200' pounds fastened to 'liis feet. ' Athanatus ? could run round the arena' carrying 500 pounds fastened to ms.feet. . locus could hold : the most furious bull and tear - away his horns as easily as onc wouid pull -, up radishes. Scanderberg, King of Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was re puted the strongest man of his time. He was a man of great stature, , and the power of his arm was such that -he thought nothing of --cutting, two raen-.in halves with one single blow of -his. sword. Francis of Vi\onne, Lord of . Chas teignerave, who lived at the court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Boufllers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from him a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. . While standing up, with no support whatever, four stiong soldiers could not move him j he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, and with that heavy load he promenaded :the public square to the great delight of the in habitants. At about the same time there lived a Spaniard named Picdro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and ten men pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., -Elector of Saxony, was 2 man of great strength ; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded the palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, Marechal de Saxe. who commanded the French at Fontenoy, was also a marvel of strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corks of half-a-dozen bottles, He could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a I row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the head, and throwing him in the air, let him drop right in the middle of his own^dust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in re* aistrng him was a woman, a Mdlle. Gauthier, an actress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and after a long struggle she won, but with the greatest difficulty. The power of Mdlle. Gauthier's arm was far beyond the common, i and with her fingers she roll up silver plates as easiiyfis any one would paper. Thomas Topham, born in London in 1710, was a man possessed of extra ordinary strength. He once lifted three casks filled with water and weigh ing in all 1,836 pounds. Heis.said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. He could bend a stout bar of iron by holding the two ends with his hands, placing the middle of the bar behind his neck, and. bringing the two j ends forward. He could also undo what he had done — that is, straighten j the bar again, a much more difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened to the ground that would sustain 2,000 pounds weight, and lifted an oak table six feet long with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. With one hand'he raised a man who weighed 27 stone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carricd away both man and box a long distance. It is said of him that having been placed on some duty at the entrance gate of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coich to go through ; on the driver whipping up his horses and attempting to pass, Topham took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and upset and its'occu pahts-into the roadway. Topham, who kept a public^h.ouse in Islington, had a wife who quarrelled .'with him to such an extent that She drove him to commit suicide. Her cules, Samson, Milo, and many other wonders of bodily strength had to give way , to a'wbnian'; so did Topham, ap parently.' At abptit the- same time as Topham ther^ .lived anothbr, wonderfully strong man, Richard Joy, whose feats may possibly 'have got mixed in records with those of Topham. Richard Joy was already renowned ! for his marvel lo'us strength before , Topham was born. . \- He was commonly known as the ' Kentish ; Samson ' and the ' Strong Mail of- Kent.' ^niong other things, he could cope successfully against any -powerful-horse., lift a ten, weight, and snap a rope .that , bore 3,500 pounds without breaking, the latter being far fixtiaordinary than Topiiam's similar feat. : i le was drowned in a smuggling ex pedition, some ten years before Top ham's- death, and is buried in the churchyard of, St. Peter's Church, near iBroadstairs. A-Scotchnian, said to be 'he-last of .the.Stuarts, was also possessed of ex traordinary str.epgth, from which cir cumstance Ire, got the byname of Jeminy Strength. ? Among other feats ihe could cifrry a 24-pounder cannon, and had been known to lift a cartload of hay weighing a ton and a half upon his back. Many a time he took up a. jackass, and carrying it on his'shoul ders, walked through the toll gate. ? A' 'Belgian - giant^ could stand' up ?' under two tons. . Jonathan I' owler, a Massachusetts fisherman, once walked out knee deep through the niud ..and firth of a sea shore at low: tide to a shark left by th£ retiring ? waters, shouldered it, -and brought it alive on his back to the shore. The, shark weighed 500 pounds — quite a load, c'onsideriug that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the man had to wade through mud. 'Dr. Winship, the well-known Ameri can athlete, raised from .the ground 1,400 pounds. A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser, the Alabama, a . Scotchman named Gill could lift a man at arm's length with one hand; Abraham Lincoln, the martyr Presi dent, was a man of great. strength. He' could with one blow bury an axe in the trunk of a tree deeper, than any other man,; and he is said to have( thrown across the roadway a pigeon house weighing 000 pounds. ? H 