THE NEW RELIGION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-All thoughtful public who take in terest in the profoundly) momentous ques lions of pi ii. ships) morality), and religion, which an at present agitating the thought of the world, are deeply indebted to him for the t excellent sportsmen have given of the ad dresses by) Sir Hartley Williams and Dr Rintoul The words of both (gentlemen carry) weight and therefore it is with the sovereign that I read in Dr Rentoul section the follow me, sentence, which may lead to misapprehension on the part of many of his hearers and readers -'He affirmed that there is a living God who may be I noun and loved, and who can at least answer prayer for spiritual needs He also named that such prayers would be answered He affirmed the immortality of the soul after death, and that this world was in the way of a preparation for training school for a future state there was not one of these propositions that had not been vehement!) denied in our day by men like. Huxley Hi Herbert Spencer, and Matthew Arnold With regard to Italy) and Matthew Arnold I may n thine, though I buyer much realistic be said, but with regard to Spencer I wish to say) emphatically) that in the whole of his voluminous and profound 1 works he has nowhere ' v. beneath) dr and any of this propositions except the one I have italicised Earl rom diiDuig the existence of God, Spencer affirms that of all the bi he is held by the human race the helm in the existence of God is the most valid , it is the says 'an indestructible element of thought, and cannot emm until consciousness cases (fruit Prince is, TOJO, and nineteenth Cartmel, in), Hai) I (grieve when I see a great and good man like Herbert Spencer classed as an appointed religion for the truth is that when tin n ii nature of his teaching is recognised it is seen that he is one of the most powerful 11 Ivocntes of religion In his memorable controversy with Mr 1 return Harrison heads -"Imnyaii) that he (Mr Harrison) tins with ease passed his weapon through and through who ghost of religion but Hun it is on I) the ghost the reality stands unscathed It is true that Spencer holds that the nature of God cannot be known by the mind of man , and in this he is in accord with the writer of the Book of Job, who buys \- 'Canst thou by searching find out God' Canst thou find out the Almighty to perfection (at 7) "Behold God ise,reat,andwi know Run not, neither can the number of its year's be searched I out (xxxvi,2e>) " touch 111,; Hu Almighty), we cannot find Him out He is excellent in power (xxxvii 21) Paul also tpressesthesame belief wheiihcsija - O, the depth of the riches both of the lives Join an I knowledge of God! how in searchable are His judgments and His ways past finding out I or who hath known the mind of the I order who hath been His comes. Dor (Romans ii, I I) I Bindon the 1 letter with Hu earnest hope that it may to some extent correct the misconceptions of Spinetr 3 doctrines which are likely) bourne in the minds of Dr. Rentoul's renders -Yours, etc GEORGE: EASTGATE. Sept. 9. 