a Tk>-Editor incites contributions o """*" P uiUc i "" rr " respondents in an rart, of of Australia. Svhcnntri- Swhcantn- '!>""•' '•<•>'"• '•» '" r<" d ""• ogr,;.d rat,, if rayinnt should lie So US retiu-vfd on rrteclton, tnilcsj nwomjm*jwt by xtamp* for put-putt. All communications oddrettcd to the Editor mult le accompanied bp the nnnw and address of the writer, not fl.YUiiiarlfy/or ;i'iMlr(<ti<>n. hut as a guarantee of good faith. How to fill the churches is the latest conundrum the daily paper correspondent has set himself to solve. PUNCH suggests a counter lunch. A SYDNEY clothier advertises " pants for the million." Now, as there flre only about a million in the colony, counting both sexes, the inference is obvious. IN Connecticut, U.S., criminals are now bung by machinery, the condemned man practically hanging himself when he steps upon the trap, The machine is popular, because it enables one man to do the work of two. Tbe inventor hopes to improve his appliance BO that it will cut the man down after fifteen minutes, and pack him ready for burial. A manual recommending this machine to intending suicides is,-we believe, about to ba iBsued under the title: " Every man liie own hangman." THE female suffragists accuse a local firm of dismissing.young women who are members of the Females' Suffrage League. The intention iB to boycott the firm. PUNCH is informed that it is a firm of tailors, too. A MEHRY-OO KOUND company is among the latest and best financial schemes for promoting bank balances. The success of the merry-go-rounds at St. Kilda, Albert Park, Prahran, Geelong and elsewhere has been phenomenal, as much as .£00 per week being the average profit at St. Kilda during the past couple of months. SOKE evil-disposed persons in Sydney intend taking action to prove that N.S.W. M.P.'s are behaving _ illegally in drawing _ payment for their serT;ces° servici;s. Hon. Hon. memberB will^havo have to to send send in in their ,, little bills for ... ,. work , and labour done, and tl,n n(.,,nr fl,„ ,Q„„,;t„ „ , „e f the other Bide will dispute, the legahty of the h claim. If the latter are successful, and the p members have to refund, there will be a melann'.Kj'i ""J £. G^Dy /,r , te P^^'V 151 ? 8 ln , S.^ney. o Politics, it would seem, have their drawbacks Re THAT SHODDY. SHE was a charming blue-eyed maid Sbe rode a bike one morning In natty knickers, unafraid, All criticism scorning. A buck, a spill. Aloud she cried, And startled all the Blockers— An awful rip right down the side, And ne'er again will Mary ride In shoddy knickerbockers! THK public are as imitative as monkeys. A short time back a ghost was discovered in P&rkstreet;, South Melbourne, and became very popular, but within a fortnight almost every other street in the suburb bad a haunted house of its OWD, and the first spook lost popularity. The discovery of the bodies of Mrs. and Miss PerkinB lias bad a souiewbat similar effect, and a citizen cannot leave his house for a day or two without discovering on his return that the neighbours have broken in in search of his dead body. Quite a big excitement was created a day or two hack by a report that one house in a popular thoroughfare had been shut U P for a week, and the resident, a widower wi,h two children, had not been seen for that tim e To 1end tbe usual - horror to the circumstance, a dreadful odour was discovered in the locality. At length a couple of neighbours, aided and abetted by a dozen more, broke in the back door. They discovered the house in good order, and were quite grieved to find that the bad smell arose from nothing worse than a leg of mutton which had been left hanging in the bathroom. When the owner of the house returned from Hillnraf n-iH, l.iR doubters 1-hnt came evening he 1 . „ daughters that Bame evening he eporceQ u c u to the local police that burglars had rSkeIl into his house, and only learned tbe k.aBflnt truth whe„ the police began to inquire into the matter That resident is still in bad dour The neig!,tours seem to feel that they have been wrongfully deprived of a healthy local excitement. " THE Victorians are the most shoddily-attired people in the world," said a witness before tbe Tariff Board. The depression again. PUNCH knows one apparently well-dressed young man who is afraid to let his best girl weep upon WE manly chest because of the timid, shrinking nature of the clothes in his best suit. He permitted it once, and when he got home his thirty shilling suit looked EO small that his friends thought he had escaped from a swimming match. He wasn't even clad from neck to knee. SOME energetic spirits who have survived tho land boom and have city and suburban properties on band are endeavouring to organise a gigantic lottery to the tune of a couple of hundred thousand. If the scheme matures it will probably be worked from South America, 