GOSSIP. A piece of evidence in a Quebec breach of promise case was a cuff with an offer of mar- riage written on it. One night while thc defendant was holding the plaintiffs hand and whispering fervid words, he popped ihc question in manuscript on the smooth linen of lier wrist. She wus sentimental or shrewd enough to keep that article out of thc wash, and it. has proved of practical value. Thc proprietors of the Holborn Restaurant in London are icsj^usiljle for an interesting innovation. A lady thorthand writer and typist has been stationed in thc vestibule of the establishment for thc purposes of taking down letters from guests who require their services. The matter is rapidly transcribed by means of a Yost typewriter »nd handed tu a dictator, together with the shorthand notes, should these bu required. The pretty young Empress of Japan wears European dress, and looks uncommonly well in it. Her clothes seem to fit her in spite of thc obstacles in thc way of a perfect tit imposed by .Japanese etiquette, which will not; allow any- one so low down as a dressmaker to touch the sacred Imperial person. Tito difficulty has been got over, according to the Daily Newt, by finding the l£iun»'ii|P Joublc (in figure). Thc clothes are tilt .nc lady with such a truly imperial figur- d sent home finished to the palace. Thc puor young Empress lins a great grief-BIIC hos no children. An Austrian journal publishes some in- teresting particulars respecting thc Empress ol Russia and her Court. Hy IIIOBO with whom she is reilly intimate hor. name Alex- andra is abbreviated to Alex ; and she makes no secret of her marked prefers noe for the Kflglifllt language und English milliners and habite. Educated by lier grandmother, thc Queen of England, her carly training ha« left an indelible impresa uuon her mind and feel- ings. She has not yet succeeded in acquiring the Russian tongue, and as she habitually speaks that of her mother's family, thc courtiers feel themselves constrained to learn it for conversational purposes. One of thc most remarkable funerals on record took plocc in the United State» lately. It was that of a Miss Hertha Rove, and »hu was buried entirely by women. Miss Rose was twenty-two at thc time of her death. She had for several years taken thc deepest interest in women's work. She had started a woman's club, thc cardinal tenunt of which w as that no member should ask a man lo do anything for her thal she could do herself. In accordance with this rule, and acting an thc expressed wish of their president, after lier death thc club members took charge of I he body, prepared it for the funeral, read thc burial service over il, lowered thc collin into the ground, mid then filled up thc give with their own banda. Au Australian correspondent of Woman writes:-"1 have taken tho liberty of for- warding la you for publication (if you think lil) a photo of one of Australia's remarkable women, Mrs. George .Nmilh, of thc yacht Skcttybcllc, who is the wife of u well-known pearl-shelter here. She is well-known for her courage aa a sailor, und handle« thc schooner in fair weather or foul willi great ability. The fleet of pearl-shelling boats owned by Mr. Smith has worked between Western Australia, thu (iulf of Carpentaria, and Torres Snails, and Mrs. Smith is the first while woman ever seen by llie natives along these wild shore», having often been sullicieully courageous lo go ashore anti witness their weird dance», where no trader or missionary IISB ever set foot us yet. Mrs. Smith not only is capable of successfully handling her husband's yacht, but is also u charming iiostciis, and when thc Australian squadron arrived herc in August, le!)I, a great deal of thc responsibility of thc entertainments devolved on her." There is no more determined foe lo the new woman movement than Emperor William. He is of opinion that the mission of thc weaker sex is lo act as the hclpmu'c to man, to defer to him in all things, and lo confine herself to purely domestic duties und occupations. All thc ucw- fuugtcd theories with regard to eman- cipation and equality he regards willi the Batnc degree of hostility and aversion as hedoes socialism and anarchism. No one need be surprised, therefore, to hear that the leaders of thc woman's emancipation movement in Hcrliu have been arr, sled, brought before Magistrates, and mulcted in heavy lines for beiug members of au uuiuwful Society, lt seems that in limes gone by, when llie New Woman was au uudutermiucd clement, and thc fair sex content to remain subservient to mau, a law was enacted prohibiting women and minors from belonging to uny political Society, thu women beiug placed thereby on the same intellectual level us children. It is this antiquated statute of thc last century that has been resurrected in order to nip in the bud tbe woman suffrage agitation in Germany. The upper circles in Russia at first, locked upon thu young Tsarina's expressions of in- terest in the education of women as a mere passing fad. Now, by her husband's orders, Her Majesty is furnished by the Director General of Education with periodical reports on the work done in thc Empress Maria In- stitution, which was founded by thu Dowager Kmprcss for thc advancement of female educa lion in Russia. When that important func- tionary presented his first report in person, thc young Empress proceeded to cross- examine him closely on thc details of the work, and soon discovered that he knew nothing of it. Thc Director now finds himself in a somewhat awkward position, having made un elaborate report on thc present work of a certain educa- tional institution which he has since learnt was abolished more than two years ago. Au indignant American woman has been vigorously uBing ber pen to attack the social shams of America-those of New York in particular. She says :-" This is the day of shams. I know a woman who is supposed to entertain lavishly, yet who rarely receives a guest. í call her functions 'ghost parties,' because they are only thc shadows of the substance, thc event itself being purely imag- inary. Why, that woman has gained her reputation for entertaining, and hos received no end of dinner invitations on absolutely nothing at all ! I have suspected her tactics for some time, and now 1 am quite sure that what I assert, is indeed true-that in nine cases out of ten her dinners ure purely imag- inary. She has a clever way of finding out who is engaged, lo whom, and then she asks people who she kuowB cannot come to her house, and so scores to her social account, with no other outlay than her crested paper and dainty seal." 