A Wonderful Woman, &\- CHAPTER XX! AT SCARSWOOD. ' And- no one does blame you. Sir Peter. Why should they ? Of course you could .not foretell she would die. And Ginevra's governess really resembles this poor dead young lady so strongly r ' It is horrible, I tell you, horrible ! I thought I saw a ghost when you rose up before me three hours ago, Lady Cecil, do you believe in ghosts ?' He asked the question abruptly, and with perfect gravity. Lady Cecil laugh ed- ; ' Believe in ghosts ! My.dea,r Sir Peter, who does ; believe in ghosts in the nine teenth century ?. Surely, Sir Peter, you don't believe in anything so absurd ?' ' You laugh, L$dy Cecil,' he said, hoarsely. ' In the vulgar superstition no ghost in shroud ever came to my bedside but there are other ways of being haunted. There aredreams — horrible, awful dreams , that come night after night, the same thing over and over, and from which you start ud with the cold sweat on your brow and the damp of death in your hair — visions that come to you in your sleep Irom the infernal regions, I believe, more ghastly than any waking vision. Over j and over, and over the same — what do you call that. Lady Cecil ?' ' Hot suppers, Sir Peter, and heavy dinners. Any! skilful physician will exorcise your dreaming apparitions.' And a few miles from .here there lis a house. Bracken Hollow it is called, which no one, not thebravest in the parish is willing to pass after nightfall. A house ir which a murdet once was done, where unearthly sights are seen at unearthly hours, and unearthly sounds heard. What do you say to that?'. ' That it's a very common story, indeed. Why, at Olive Court, papa's place in Bants, people say there is a ghost. But what about this Bracken Hollow ?' 'An old woman lives there, A witch, people say. She was Katherine Danger- field's nurse — old Hannah.' ' Then I shall pay old Hannah a visit and investigate.' And Lady Cecil walked away, leaving Sir Peter gloomily by the window alone. His thoughts were still with Katherine Dangerfielc1, as they nearly always were. What a life, indeed was his ! for evening after evening, rain or sunshine, summer or winter, through sleet or storm, a 'spirit in his feet' led him, whether or no to Katherine Dangerfield's grave. He had no wish to go, but he weat — he rould not stay away. It had grown such a habit that it seemed to him now if he did riot pay that twilight visit she would assurdly visit him before morning dawned. He made his daily pilgrimage / to his Mecca, and the people of the town' had grown tired of talking and wondering over it..>,- lie took eyerything from her when she was alive,' they said, 'and now that she's dead he plays the hypocrite, and visits her grave every evening. I wonder he isn't afraid she'll rise up and confront him.' Perhaps he was— it had been the mania of his life. Surely Katherine had kept her vow. He was, if there ever were in the world, a ' haunted man' — sane enough.on all other things — on this, much thirkirig had made him mad. He retired early that night — he was less alone shut up by himself than in the drawing room with his wife and her rela tives. v'All night long candles burned in his bedrootn, and one of the men servants slept i i an open closet adjoining. Never without ljght, and never alone. He had grown sleepless, too, and it was gerierally the small hours before slumber. cam<£to him. He arose late next day, -breakfasted by himself, and did not join the family until luncheon time. Miss Herncastle was not at that meal, greatly to his relief, It seemed she was to take all hers with the children in the nursery. He had his wife's hauteur and intolerance to thank for something at least. He returned to his study, spent three hours impaling his beetles and cock chafers, then arose, put on his hat, and turned to leave the house. He took the road to Castleford and walked briskly onwards until he reached the church yard. The last light of the July sun came slantingcivrir thedowns, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all strangely hushed here : the town with its bustle, and life, and noise, lay behind. Death and silence reigned. He rarely met any one at this hour ; the townspeople were taking their tea. Yonder was the house wherein she had died — yonder her grave, with its grey cross, a granite one now, its brief inscrip tion — 4 YLatherine , aetat 17. kesurgam! He knew it so well — he had been here so often. Would he go on coming here he wondered wearily, as long as he lived ? He paused. What was that? He was near the grave, and standing looking down upon it, her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A Woman ! His heait gave one great baijnd, then seemed to turn cold and stilfr He went 011 — 011 — softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that drew him there. His feet struck a- dry twig ; it snapped ; the woman , turned and looked round. There, over Katherine Dangerfield's grave looking at him with Katherine Danger- field's eyes,, stood Miss Herncastle, the governess ! 