\WOflLLEN . OTLTi jSOOIAL. Tho spacious new building which has been added /tb-.thoi Woollen Mill.. was opened last night. Its size is 132ft by '63ft, and forms the third ndditioh'Wbich 'has' been made aince tho erection of the original structure. : Th'o'o'ost'of this latest imbortant convenience for work'coinea to -about £1600,; including foundry?- work. '-'-The contractors were Messrs P. Thomson' and Son ; tho architects Messrs Barlow and Chandler. It will be used for looms, and will have in iLmany novel new ones, and the other looms now'iii use in the other division. This arrangement ia 'to .. give space for spinning "machinery. Part of-tho new plant has arrived,- and the rest' is" expected . soon, so that the wholo' may' be in'use earjy'in J anuary, w hioh ' w ill permit of an increase in the ' output of about 25 per cent. - T Mr'E; D. Williams, M.L.A:, 'as Chairman of, tho Directors, ' made a happy address at tho opening of the new- building. He took 'the op portunity of congratulating "tho employdsja'nd'; their friends' who had 'ossein bled to", enjoy their , annual social: It was a source of satisfactiontto him and to the other "Directors who' were present fo'know that the employes took -an interest in their work, which was an evidence of good fool ing existing between them and .their : employes. He hoped to see' many, such gathcrihga as this, and to see several present who had -been with them for 20 years, that is, since - the foundation of tho mill. . Some of them had built houses out of tlieir earnings, for themselves and their,fami- lios. ' - This address was greetod with hearty cheer ing. ' , The programme for the evoning cbhsBted'of an entertainment - by the Campbell'a /Greek Minstrels, for whom a stage was erected; Their jokes were ; exceedingly amusing; and " many : of them possessed piquant local drolleries fhat! oc- casioncd mtichlaughtor. : v The drop-sceno in front qf, the stage was specially paihted for "tho oceaTsion by BIr J. J ell io, and represented', a stretch of: truly Aus- trnlian pasture, on which were grazing a large , flock of sheep, and : below on ; a scroll, were the words, " Success to the" Castlemaine Woollen Mill." . - In tho min8trol. part of :tho entertainment, Messrs Blatson 'ana . M'Ew'an 'as bones -and tambo, wore the life of:the show. - Mr Shegog was interlocutor and accompanist, ; . and . Mit s Ralston was oncored ; for her song, " Half-past nine,-'. . Several dialogues and songs, and-a farce about nv'ghost, closed tho musical part' ofl'tlie- : performance.' > After the music camo a plentiful Bupper, that was followed by a .danco. whieh was kept up with great hilarity tilt a late hour. by. the many votaries who joined in it, 