Uli. it." ? i »-»,.-"* or, CHURCH INSTITUTE AND ' SOHOOiJBOOJlf. IMPORTANT GATHERING AT ST. JOHN'S. ' LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION. STONE. FAREWELL ADDRESS TO THE GOVERNOR. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Church Institute and school- room in connection with St. John's Cathedral, was performed by his Excellency the Governor (Sir li. W. Norman) yesterday afternoon, before a large and brilliant assemblage. The grounds were gaily decorated with the ITS, and several marquees were erected for the convenience of the visitors. The foundation-stone, which was underneath a gaily decorated awning, is at the George-street end of the grounds. Among those present were Sir Samuel and Lady Griffith and Miss Griffith, Lady O'connell. Mr. and Mrs. R. Edwards Mrs. Heath, Mrs. Saltmarsh, Mrs. Lyons. Mrs. H. Raff, the Hon. A. Rutledge. Mr. W. L. G. Drew, Mr. D. It. Eton, the Rev. A. C. Hoggins, Canon Warner, and Canon Matthews. It has been decided to make a strenuous effort to carry out the plan of building: on St. John's site this institute and schoolroom which was proposed and designed in the years 1890-91. A sum of i:',200-which will include furniture, fix- ings, and architect's fees will probably be required to erect the building, and towards this a sum of £1002 5s. 11d. has been already paid or promised. Towards the balance (121117 1 II. Is.) it is believed that from the St. John's School and Church Lands Trust a grant on the whole amount of 10s. for each £1 otherwise raised will be forthcoming. Times an immediate (further) sum of £1.2 would enable the committee to claim the £106! las. -Id. grant, and proceed at once with the work. It was decided to seize the present opportunity to get his Excellency to lay (the foundation-stone, and it is hoped that the money will be soon forthcoming to enable the building to he immediately proceeded with. Punctually at half-past I his Excellency, accompanied by Captain Pyne, A.D.C., arrived on the ground, and proceeded at once to the awning erected over the stone. A procession was then formed from the vestry, consisting of the choir and the officiating clergy-, and lead by the Naval Headquarters Band. The procession, singing " Onward Christian Soldiers," ma relied down to the stone, where the Rev. M. J. Stone-Wigg read the special form of service. There were present on the dais Bishop Webber, Bishop Stretch, Archdeacon David, Canon Glennie, and the Revs. G. A. M. Pringle, W. Thompson, and E. C. Os- born. Previous to the commencement of the service Mr. II. Richmond presented his Excellency with a silver ,iU-oNvolA.'.!i&u;'i\nbly engraved, which little Building Committee trusted Sir Henry would keep in remembrance of the occasion. After the chant- ing by the choir of the "Nicene Creed" (set to '" Stainer in A and accompanied by the band of the Naval Brigade) his Excellency proceeded to lay the stone. The stone, the preparations of the foundation of which were under the supervision of Mr. A. L. Petrie, and which was prepared and got ready for the ceremony by Mr. Hugh Cameron, of Messrs. Crawford and in meron, bore the following description :- , A M.D O. This stone was laid by His Excellency Sir Henry W. Norman, G.C.B., G.C.M.G., C.I.B., Governor of Queensland; ' '-is ? 8th November, 1895. The marble tablet hearing the above inscription was presented by Mr. Andrew L. Petrie, M.L.A. In a cavity beneath the stone was placed an hermetically sealed tin box containing a bible, a prayer book, and the local papers of that day. His Excellency then laid the stone, at the same time pronouncing the words, ," In the faith of Jesus Christ We place this foundation-stone, In the name of the Full li or, LUKE, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. warden." i i His Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane then pronounced the following words over the .«lone:-"Here let the true faith, and fear of God, with brotherly love ever abide and he this institute and schoolroom dedicated to the promotion of true religion, and to the praise of the most holy name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who ever liveth with the Father, and the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end. Amen." His Excellency then delivered a short address, In the course of which he stated that it was very gratifying indeed to him that one of his last public acts he fore leaving them was the laying; of this foundation-stone. He thought that they all knew the great need of such a building, and with what zeal Mr. Stone-Wigg was working for it. The purposes for which it was proposed to erect the building were very numerous, and he knew that they were all good purposes. He trusted that the building would be successfully completed, and without that burden of debt which so often hampered the progress of institutions of this sort. With reference to the proposal to have a gymnasium connected with the building, they all no doubt knew how much good the rector of a parish about one hundred miles away from Brisbane had done by the establishment of a Gordon Athletic Club. He trusted that the institution would prosper. Bishop Stretch also delivered an address, in which he devoted his remarks to showing the benefit that the Institution would be to young men. He referred to the great good done to young men in the neighbourhood of Collingwood and Fitzroy, where a similar institution existed, and to which the young men could go at night and indulge in healthy recreation instead of hanging about the town im- bibing more alcohol than was good for them. He was sure that Canon Stone-Wigg would find these rooms most valuable, and that the institute was well worth their cordial support. He concluded by impressing upon his hearers the suitability of the present time for contributing well to the fund required to complete the building. A number of blue silk purses, each containing 5s., were then brought forward by the smaller members of the Sunday and day schools, which were received and laid upon the stone with many kindly and courteous smiles to the little ones by Sir Henry. The service concluded with the pro- nouncing of the benediction by Bishop Webber, after which a valedictory address was presented to his Excellency by Bishop Webber on behalf of the Synod of the diocese. The address, which was very tastefully printed, ran as follows: To his Excellency Sir Henry Wylie Norman, &c;, &c.; May it please your Excellency-We, the members of the Church of England, in the Diocese of Brisbane, in Synod assembled, beg permission to express to you our unfeigned regret at the imminent severance of the official tie which for upwards of six years has bound you to our community. We rejoice, however, to reflect that your Excellency's official connection with us has, by your simplicity and kindly sympathy, become the occasion of creating other ties which will long endure when the more formal relationship shall have passed away. We are deeply thankful for the unfailing support and constant encouragement which you, and Lady Norman no less than yourself, have ever given to all evangelical and missionary effort as well as to every kind of philanthropic movement. And we desire to record our conviction that the renowned services which have ennobled your past career have received new lustre from the presence in you of those graces which have endeared our sovereign to hearts far beyond the range of her extended empire and in respect of which to the strengthening of the moral life of our community has been our privilege to recognise in your Excellency no unworthy representative of our gra- cious Queen On behalf of the Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane. W. T. T. BRISBANE. 8th" November, 1895. In presenting his Excellency with the address, Bishop Webber took the opportunity of tendering the cordial thanks of all present to his Excellency for his attendance on this occasion, and said that his presence, he had no doubt, would be no slight stimulus to the work. He felt sure that the erection of this building would tend to the better- ment of social intercourse amongst the people. It was his pleasing duty, as president of the Synod, to present his Excellency with an address from the Synod of the diocese. " His Excellency, in thanking them, said that in the first place he must thank them for the kind way that they had spoken of his attendance there on that day. Having never seen the address before, he was not conversant with it sufficiently to give any reply at that moment, but he intended writing his reply in order that it might be on record. It had been his aim during his term of government to encourage all religious and charitable projects, and it was Lady Norman's aim as well. He also aimed to create and stimulate loyal and free from te feelings in the subject towards the Crown, and he did not think that since he had been Governor of Queensland the loyalty of this province had decreased. He thanked them for their address, and could assure them that he closed his term of office in the colony with deep regret. \ The proceedings concluded with social intercourse and refreshments. The collection taken up during the afternoon amounted to 20 10s. 3d., of which sum £0 13s. 6d. was given by the children of the day and Sunday schools. 