The Reunion of fti/isteiuloin. The R«v. Williiiin Allan, C'h.airinan of the N.S.W. Congifgiilioiiiil Unioii, on Wedni'xdfiy evening, in t ho Cun^iv^iitiouul Church, Afilton, delivered mi address on 'The Reunion of Christendom.' The church was well filled. Rev. Mr. Allan took for bis text St. John xvii., 20-21 — ' Neither for these only do I pray, but for them also that believe on Me through the Word ; that they may all be one ; even as Thou, Father, art in Me, and I in Thee, that they also may be in us ; that the world may believe that Thou didst send Me.' He said — We liavo all heard a great deal lately about the 'Reunion of Christendom.' I do not come before you to cast any particularly new light on this much-worn theme ; but at least I mny be able to set your own thoughts at work on a matter of great moment. It appears to me that I may, perhaps, best order what I have to say by trying to answer two questions. There are two terms before us in the title I have chosen—' Christendom' and 'Reunion.' Let us ask ourselves what we mean, first by Christendom and next by re union i i UHRISTENDOM. ?j Te begin with, I take exception to the idea ! which a great many people associate with the j word ' Christendom.' In the thought of a | good many who have spoken on the subject \ the term applies to the sum of the ecclesiasti i cal organizations bearing the Christian name. I And the reunion of Christendom would be, 1 with them, the making of all these separate I organizations into one organization. Now, I i take exception to this notion both of what I Christendom is and of what reunion means fi But for the present I wish to deal with this j' conception of Christendom. Cardinal Moran's I idea of what Christendom is s» mis, indeed, to i i be even narrower than that I have stated. I do not suppose he would formally define his idea of reunion as the absorption of the Angli can Church by the Roman, but I carefully read \ his deliverances on the subject before us, and | the decided impression which I gathered was I that this was practically the question as it pre [ sented itself to his mind. That is a very ! narrow view of the reunion of Christendom. [ As an ecclesiastic taking an interest in the j 'practical politics' of ecclesiasticism, the j great question before Cardinal Moran's mind | may be how he can conquer Anglicanism for 1 Roman Catholicism ; but even if he could fflic j ceed in settling that question to his satisfaction, we must refuse to admit that he would have ! effected the reunion of Christendom. The free ! ^churches exist. They are . outside both the Anglican and the Roman fold. Their adherents outnumber those of Anglicanism. Even if the reunion of Christendom be considered solely as a fusion of establishments, it cannot be said that it has been accomplished if these churches remain outside the new organization. But I take exception to the notion of 'Christen- dom' which pervaded the Cardinal's addresses Vsf on this theme. Christendom is not the sum of ecclesiastical organizations which are nominally -Christian ; and if these could all be made into ?one organization the reunion of Christendom would not necessarily be accomplished. Our Lord said : ' The word* that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life.' The truest and most fundamental conception of Chris tianity is not as a piece of ecclesiastical mech anism, but as spirit and life. Of course, life : manifests itself in organization. We do not ? under-value organization. But it must not be I put in place of life. This is the error into I whifch those who occupy Cardinal -Moran's po | sition seem naturally to fall. It is a very | serious error. There is no error . which our I Lord more strongly condemned. It was the I darling sin.pf the Pharisees, against whom our I Lord's most tremendous invectives were hurled. I Their worst error was to put the external in I place of the' internal ; to substitute forms of | worship for the inward life of goodness. And i those who put the ecclesiastical form in which I the religious life expresses itself in place of I that life itself, fall into the very same error. i That Cardinal Moran has not es3aped it appears J in a very curious historical incident which lie §? quoted in favor of his church. This was the | I death-bed conversion of Charles II. to Roman- j f- ism. Now, if the Cardinal had attempted to | show that his church had brought the monarch I, to repent of his misdeeds, to turn with abhor £.' reuce from the loathsome life he led, and to & attempt restitution towards the victims of his ft ?* unbridled passion, one could have understood W ''* how this would redound to the credit of his church. But he attempted nothing of the kind. No one so far as I know has ever at tempted to show that this depraved monarch ever uttered a word or did a deed expressnj genuine penitence. Yet, because he gave in his submission to Rome, and went through v certain ritual formalities, he is reckoned among the faithful, and Rome is reported to be en L riched by another convert. Such ' converts' \- degrade the institution to which they are thus 'converted.' Rome is accustomed at times j to pride heiiself upon the number of her ad- , herents and the magnitude of her resources. But it must be remembered that in the King dom of God true adherents are weighed, not counted. M oral and spiritual, not mathemati cal, standards of measurement must be a/lopted. j It is not always that which bulks largest in the j pubblc eye ...iSliich ranks highest in the divine estimation. Moreover, there may sometimes be a great show of external strength associated '?with 'real spiritual weakness. We sometimes 63e the outstretched bulk of a colossal tree ujon the highway. Up till the moment before J *?' t° its fall it seemed to be as firm and strong as v the hills upon which it grew. But when you ~- examine it you find that it is but a shell ; that \ ' rottenness lias assailed it at the heart, and, ' travelling from centre to circumference, has weakened it. until it has been prepared to fall a prey to thu first onset of determined attack. S - before now it has come to piss that institu tions which seemed strung, beyond all h»-|»c of successful attack, have been re&Hy; cniwiMinsr to their overthrow. At any rafts, ih-: unu measure of a church of C3u\sl as not 1v- he found in the complexity of ifcs * .rgaiiira-iriem. the elaborateness of its hieiMvJhy, iha beamy and stateliness of its riitae, the n^&enAmw; of it architectual nnwwnaosiisi. iJw- iwrni^er -vf its adherents, or the amphnido »if ats ravi- mtui*. lliesft .are not the true rctstss o5'» chni'ch. The true test is the measure iu xrhiidh it wmtains and diffuses the life of -_ ImsJ — «w wic J^cnprawv j teiches us. It tells us that tJw church as ' the ; body of Christ.' Now. what is the ivtfSy hwf the vehicle for expressing the life of the spirit. No one organization perfectly expresses His life ; therefore, no one organization has a rig3it | to say 'This is the church, and the only church of Christ.' Where Christ is there is the church. He is not absent— thank God '. — t from any of the ecclesiastical organizations, | Protestant or Roman Catholic, for no church I has a monopoly, either of all the virtues or of | all the vices. But Christ is ten) j,Teat to lie contained in any of the ecclesiastical organiza tions, or in all of them put together. Th? church of which some people* speak— meaning thereby the one and only right church— does not exist on earth. At least it exists only in the eye of God. It is the totality of those who have received the regenerated life which Christ's spirit imparts and sustains. And those who have received that life are found in all the different communions, and sometimes outside them all. A church of Jesus Christ we cai conceive of. It exists in every organization where living souls draw together around the living Head to recognise His authority, ob serve HiR ordinances, and seek to gain for themselves and others conformity to His like ness. This, then, is the true conception of Christendom ; not as a number of pieces of ecclesiastical machinery, but as an aggregation of living souls in union with their living Head. And our notion of what Christendom is deter mines our answer concerning Reunion. Reunion in the judgment of those who take the mechanical idea of Christendom is the making of a number of mechanisms into one mechanism. Now, I am bold to affirm that if by the act of some central authority this could at once be imposed by force upon the different ecclesiastical organizations, so far from any fi[ood having been accomplished, great harm would have been wrought. In my judgment no more sensible or no more Christian utterance has been made upon this subject than that of the Primate. In the course of it he says : — ' Organic union, if it is to come, must be accomplished rather by a growth of federal church feeling than by any large scheme imposed by some central authority.' I am bold to say that a combina tion of ecclesiastical machineries was not the tiling for which Christ prayed when he asked tkat his disciples might be one. And surely this must be plain from the context. He prayed that the oneness amongst the disciples might be oneness like that between the Father and Son. And what kind of a oneness was that ? What is a. oneness between two persons? A oneness of thought, of feelinp, of nature, of purpose, and then, flowing out of that spiritual oneness, a oneness of action. If two men really hate one another, or even if they fail to understand one another's ways, and to know how to act together, would it serve any good purpose to make them sign a deed of partner ship, and go into an enterprise together 1 They must strongly desire to go into partnership, and see the advantage of it, and thus be pre pared to work together, before any good can come of their entering into the bonds of legal partnership relations. And so it is in regard t ) the consociation of Christians in ecclesiastical pai tnerships. ' ' Organic union' will be hurtful rather than helpful if the parties to it are not spiritually prepared for it. Moreover, if a man asked me to go into legal partnership with him, and told me that if the price of it must be the alteration of my mental habitudes, the pursu ing of lines of study uncongenial to me, the entering also upon courses of conduct not fong in themselves, but entirely repugnant to me, I do not think I should enter upon the partnership. And if I did, I should suffer th« loss of manhood. The benefits of the partner ship would be too dearly purchased at the expense of my manhood. And so I think any benefits which might be gained by making the organization of the churches into one or ganization would be too dearly purchased if it meant the suppression of all varieties of doc trine and discipline and the subjugation of all to one dominant type. Any organization that could be devised would have to be elastic enough to allow the Methodist his Methodist ways, the Anglican his Anglican ways, the Salvationist his Salvationist ways, and so on with all the denominations. Does anyone think that such an organization is within the region of practical politics at the present time ? That, at any rate, is' not Rome's idea of re union. On the contrary, it is uniformity— and, fts the Primate says, uniformity 'enforced by some central authority. ' Then, I say, better things as they are, than a reunion of this kind. If I take a ro^e and tie up a num b r of dogs who liavo the disposition to go in different directions, does placing the rope rouhfl their necks jnve them any desire to act together? Not at all. It increases their desire to go in opposite directions. And if the yoke of uniformity could be laid upon those who now do not see eye to eye in matters ecclesi astical, it would only increase their desire to go asunder. The history of the Roman Catholic Church proves that before now those who have been tied together by the bonds of ecclesiastical authority- have been at war with one another. Shall we say that they were united because they were tied together with the same rope ? Is there not more union amongst the various members of a pack of houtuU all hunting the same quarry t)\m\ rtiiu'iii^t animals that are united by the oiird thai holds thorn together against their -iw « will The Primate says of his own church : — ' \\\\\\- .ire in most points not so far, or so SKjTWHxly separated from other orthodox l*jvMxvsft«it denominations as we are from the K«w»ui Church.'' 1 think we should thank ham f«-r that testimony, and let us add that ' xro are not so far from one another in the ? evangttli«sil churches as some of the different sections of the Roman Catholic- Communion have l-ecn before now. Brethren, we are $---$Heiimes exhorted to be one. I say that we wwnne. If we have not union we have unity. In perfection, of course, we have it not. We I have nothing perfect in this life. But our wuity is leaf as far as it goes : and it is grow ing. For four consecutive days recently in Petersham for five hours every day, ministers and members of the evangelical churches met, joined in the most fervent prayer and the heartiest prai.se. and meditated together on the Apostles' resolution to 'know Christ' with that interior knowledge whichis the Holy Ghost. The very essentials and fundamentals of the Christian faith were diseussitl by ministers of all the evangelical churches. Ministers by the score and church members by the hundred met together. From first to last there was not a jarring note. On the contrary, there was a sense of fraternal fellowship, a solemn realiza tion of God's presence, in a true sense the love of God shed abroad in the heart, by the Holy Ghost given unto us. Was not this an exliibi tion of Christian unison ? If we were as hostile as some would have us bulieve, how could we have met together in this way ? Let us not take our enemies' account of ourselves. There is true Christian unity now in existence. What we need to do is to increase' it. If organic union ever does come it must be prepared for by this inward union. To quote the Primate again — 'The co-operation of Christians is a far more important aid to the progress of the Christian religion, and a far more important thought than a formal reunion of Christendom. What we ought to pay attention to is ho w we may place as few obstacles as possible in the way of practical concurrence and co-operation. ' And I am bound to say the Primate is as good in deeds as in words. I daresay you know there is a body called the Council of the Churches. It is composed of officially appointed representatives from the Anglican, Presbyterian, Congrega tional Baptist, We.sleyan, and Primitive Metho dist communions. And in the work of that Coun cil he has given valuable aid. Instead of discuss ing f*ncy schemes of organic reunion let us imitate this example, and lend a hand to such modes of practical concurrence and coopera tion as are now at work. The ministers can do this by organising and maintaining Ministerial Associations in the districts to which they belong. The young men and young women can do it by joining the Endeavor movement, Christian people in all the Protestant churches can do it at the new year season and at other times for united prayer and praise. Let us seize any opportunities like these which lie close to our hand. I hope also that the time will coin when by federal action amongst the denomina tions it will be possible to prevent small country towns being supplied with a superfluity of churches. It would be found possible in the home field, as it has been found possible in th« foreign mission field, to divide out the ground between the different denominations. Li such practical ways as these let us manifest our desire to see the answer to our Saviour's prayer that ' they all may be one.' In conclusion, we must agree that the real answer to the ques tion how can ourSaviour'sprayer forhis people's oneness be answered, must bo found by drink ing deeper into the life arid spirit of Jesus. As we draw near to Him we get near to one another. Th3 m a er we geli co Him the nearer we shall be to one another. We cannot draw near to Him and draw apart from one another. The service concluded with the singing of the hymn — The Church's one foundation Is Jesus Christ her Lord. 