SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES. BY FAVOURITE AUTHORS. MY RIVAL'S REVENGE. ? 4 At ono time ia my life I bad tho sole charge of a signal-box on one of oar great maia libes ia perhaps the most desolate part of the three kingdoms-at least, it was* desolate enough daring the winter months. Then, except for the freight of Haman beings that the trains bore past at staled intervals, I did notaee a creature from the time that my mate left me until the hoar when he came to relieve me of my duty. Bat the lonely life troubled me very little, fori was of a thoughtf al tarn of mind, and, troth to say, at most times preferred my .own company to that nf others. Thanks to iny own exertions, Iwa9 better educated than most men in my sphere of life. I had a tara for practical engineering, too, and it was in this- direction that my am- bitions fancy often led me on. f|i The railway company, in whose em- ployment I had been for some year«, had found me useful to them, and bad been pleased to acknowledge my services by promising me a position of trust and im- portance-such a position as men ten Îears my senior had waited for in vain, n a way, then, my future was secured, and I was only filling the post of signal- man until the vacancy should occur for me to drop into. . Some little distance down the line where^ my signal-box was stationed ran tho big river that gave its name to that pitt of the country, and over this rifer a bridge-the construction of which was Somewhat out of date-carried trains into the ¿ext shire. Much depended apon the bridge, jwd-one of my chief duties was to keep it clear for passenger trains. Goods trains and the like that did not come up to time were shunted off by a sharp carve into a siding tiiat ran along by the river's bank. One November af ternoon-and a typi- cal November day it was, dark and dis- mal, with » heavy1-oppressive feeling in the air-I was a| ray post in the signal box. I was not in a, particularly cheerful frame of mind, and it was cortainly enough to give any one the ' blues.' It had been blowing hard all day ; bat, as the twilight came on, the wind had fallen, and there was a sense of thunder in the air, while that strange stillness which portends a storm had settled over every- thing. I had a bright fire burning, and I rose from my seat beside it and gazed, in i tarn,'through the many windows of my small domain. The outlying country looked very dreary ; without doubt, a storm was at hand.. Even as the thought passed through ïny mind, there was a muffled, rumbling sound which came j nearer, until one mighty crash broke j overhead, and aa instant after the whole place, was filled, with, blue, lurid light, which made the darkness that succeeded it the more intense. Another lattliog peal of thunder, the sound of which echoed far and wide, and then the flood- gates of heaven seemed to open, and the rain poured down-rain and hail, that the wind lashed^against the .'windows with a foryithat seemed irresistible, lt was well that my little' tenement was securely built, or such a storm must have brought it about my ears;' as it was, at each blast of wind it rocked again, and the fire was all but extinguished by the hail that fell, hissing and spluttering, upon the barning coals. In all roy experience I had never witnessed anything like that storm. At no great distance, the river, swollen and tariraient, was rising above its banks, Imrryjng -along, and bearing down all that came in ita way; I was not afraid of the storm. I told myself again and again that I was not afraid, bat somehow this storm had strangely affected me. I paced my little room from end to end, brooding over my Îiàst life, dissatisfied with myself, and eeling-for conscience makes cowards of us all-that I would have given worlds had. I been a better man. Then I tried to recall nome good deed I had done in days gone by that would encourage rae; brit, instead, there came before mo with Startling distinctness the remembrance of a man who had been my rival-my antagonist-one Matthew Holt by name, a mau who had openly and persistently avowed himself to be tray enemy. It was tome years'since we had parted. Poor Matthew ! I could thiúk of him pityingly after that lapse of time/although his last words bad been fall of bitter passion, as fae swore that one day he would have hi* revenge, lie had gone abroad. I knew not what had become of him ; he might be jdead. It was not often that the 'enmity between ns troubled me. When it did oross my mind, I had been wont to lay the blame entirely on him; but on (hat night I saw the past with different «yes. Perhaps there are other men who, looking back to the time wheo they were in the twenties, feel half contemptuous for their former selves. At any rate, that waa. how I felt. «Ahl Frank Bryant,' I said to myself, ' yon fancie yourself a very fine gentleman, iudee< and in many ways yon were little bette than a conceited coxcomb.' Then, with e effort, I brought my mind back from tl past into the present. The first fury of the storm was som what spent. The rain still streamed don the many panes of glass that eurroundf «19, and the winds rushed by with an angi moaning sound, bot the thunder wi growing each moment fainter. I replei ished the fire and looked about me. Tl signal box, in which so many hours < my life had been spent during the lat year, was lighted by several jets of gai and fitted into their appointed plací along the wall were the many mechanic; contrivances, the use of which mast pnzz the uninitiated, and upon which so mac depends fer the safety and despatch < onr great railway traffic. I myself wt like a bit of the mechanism of the whol for does not habit often become meehan calf And no matter how busy m thoughts might be, there could not hav been a movement among the signals, vibration in the electric bells, bat I shoal have been on the alert, with eye and eai rendered keen and watchful by lon training. While I listened to the storm I had nc been forgetfol that a goods train was fa behind its time, and as I tamed from m fire I had warning of its approach. 1 could not cross the bridge on such night, and perhaps endanger the eveninj express which would soon be due, so turned the points and sent it off into th siding. I heard it rumble past with feeling of pity for the engine-driver am guard, who were forced to delay in sud weather. As I turned from the leven having sent the metals back into thei places, in readiness for the express, raised my eyes, and became aware tha a man's face was pressed against the we glass at the end of the box, the pane ove the doer. As I looked at that strang« face, those wild, aogry eyes, and the rei hair blown aboot by the wind, my hear seemed, to stand still with tho soddei terror. I felt, indeed, as if I looke< upon a ghost, for the face before me wa no other than that of the man who hac been haunting my thoughts for the las hour-my old enemy, Matthew Holt ! For an instant only we looked into ead other's eyes, and then he disappeared Even after I had lost sight of him, I wai too. bewildered to think or act ; but a1 soon as 1 recovered my presence of-mind I hurried forward and opened the door The light from within showed me that th< little flight of wooden steps that led to th< ground had no one upon ' them. I weni down a step or two and peered around me, but the darkness was impenetrable 1 shouted oat, to know who was there, bul no answer came. The. rain beat oa raj face, and the wind was'so strong that 1 could scarcely stand. I re-entered mj box and closed the door after me. It wai then, and only then, that the conviction forced itself upon me that what 1 had seer was aa apparition, a mere delusion on raj part, caused by the morbid influence ol the storm and by my brooding over old times. Bat no matter whether the face I had seen was real or imaginary, it had set me off thinking of the past once more, and for the next-few moments I" allowed my thoughts to take me where they would, They carried me back to a time when I had gone down to that quiet little Welsh village to do my part in putting down a new line. I was smart and active-a good looking youngster, in those days ; so, who could wonder that pretty Nancy, the beauty of the village, transferred her affections from her yokel lover to me. Mathew Holt was a powerful young giant, but ungainly enough to look at. An unmannerly cub, too, in my estimation, and I bad treated him accordingly. Yes, it* was in that direction that my cons- oleos reproached me, when I remembered how I had lost no opportunity of placing him at a disadvantage and asserting my own ^ superiority. Not content with winning for myself the prize he coveted, I mast confess that there were times when I took a malicious pleasure in makiug my unhappy rival smart. I have seen his eyes blaze with passion, and his brawny fists double themselves ready for a blow. And yet he never laid a hand on me ; and I knew that hts forbearance was only for Nancy's sake. His was an odd natnre, and even I could not but admire the strength and devotion of his love. My pretty Nancy 1 How well I could remember the pride with which I carried her off- as my bride from her village home, and for a while life was very sweet. Bat it was Hgt long before death claimed her, and she passed away, leaving only a tender memory behind, which, as the years went on, seemed almost like a dream. I sat staring fixedly into the fire, living over those old times again, and wishing, alasl an idle wish, that I had acted differently, when suddenly a cold blast of wind swept through the room, blowing the gas about and making the fire flare, rhe door must hay« come open, 11 thought ; I could not have shut it pm perly. I rose to secare it, bat before coald tarn round I received a violeu blow upan my head. It was dealt wit such force that I fell heavily to th ground, and for a moment lost all con scionsness. When I came to myself I found that was ly io g on the floor, bound securel band and foot. The door of the signe box was shut, and standing before rai bat with his eyes fixed on the levers, wa Blatthew Holt. He looked, as he wa< Îears older than when we had last met at I could have sworn to that bi; loosely made figure and that shock ot re hair anywhere. In au instant I ha realised the whole situation, and see how completely I was in his power. Ye< the.hoar of reckoning was indeed at bane He had come, in all the strength of hi brute force, to take his revenge. H seemod suddenly to become aware that had recovered my senses, for he turnei and looked at me, and as I met the pitilea expression in those savage, bloodshot eye my' heart turned sick and faint withii me. After contemplating me in silence for ¡ moment he said, sneeringly: 'So, Mt Frank Bryant, yon remember me P' "Yes, I remember you,' I answered speaking as calmly as I could ; " and although there was not mach love los between us in the old days, I never thei thought of you as a coward-one whi would take a mean advantage of hi enemy. Come, Matthew Holt, unbini . me ; let us meet on an equal footing, an< I will hear what you have to-say !" He threw back his head and laughed, < short, mocking laugh that was not plea saut to hear. ' No, no, my fine gentle man ; you don't come over me with an] of your smooth-tongued speeches/ he said There was another pause, during whicl he drew a bottle from his pocket, uncork ed it, and drank. It was strong spirits, 1 conld tell by the smell of it. I shuddered This was not likely to improve bis mood Indeed, at the first glance, I had noticed in his eyes that savage recklessness whicii comes of the madness born of drink. lt seemed as if nothing could save me Poor Nancy ! There was no thought ol her to come between us now, with itt softening influence. In all probability the fact of her death had bat recently become known to Holt, and that would io a manner account for his appearance. A« this thought passed through my mind J watched him with a kiad of fascination, wondering what the next move would, be. He replaced the bottle in his pocket and drawing his chair into a position from which he could see me sat down. 'Do you know why I am here V he asked. I made no answer ; and he went on. * I will tell yon. I am here to take my revenge fot the cruel way in which you treated me in days gone by. Yes, Mr. Byraat, the tables are turned ; I have the upper hand now I' 'And for the sake of a foolish boy's taunts you wonld risk bringing the charge of murder upon your own head!' I retnrned bitterly. ' You think I intend to take your life,' he said coolly, ' but yon are mistaken. To kill you would but end yoar misery ; and there are many things worse than death. It would be harder for you to live with a stain npon your name. Hain and disgrace would bring your proud spirit down.' I was bewildered. What could the madman mean P At any rate, it was a relief to hear that I was safe from bodily harm ; for the rest, how coald he harm meP ' I know all about you,' he went on, 4 how you have got round your employers until you think your fortune is made 1 Bat how will it be with the company's favourite servant after to night P' As he finished speaking Heit rose and took the levers in his hand, changing the points as I had done an hoar before, so that the next train would not ron over tho bridge, bat down the siding on to the tracks of goods that were already stand- ing there. ' What are yon about P* I cried, strug fling wildly to free myself. ' Matthew Colt, for God's sake, think what you are doingl'. He made no answer, bat leaving the points as he had placed them, resumed his seat, locking down at me with a leer of triumph that made me see more clearly the pitilesà nature with which I had to deal. The whole scene was so horrible that I felt as if I were ia the gasp of a nightmare. So this was his revenge 1 To ruin me he was prepared to commit a crime so dastardly that the very thought ef it made my blood rna cold. .God. knows that at that moment no thought of my own responsibility, or the blame that would be'Mtached'*Jtö me, was in my mind ; everything was swallowed up in knowledge of the terrible fate that awaited the evening express. I eould think of nothing but of those unhappy men and women that each moment brought nearer to their doom. From where I lay I conld see the dook and watch the signals, and I knew that the train wat even then doe. No words can describe dbe agony of that moment. My heart beat so that I conld scarcely breatbo, aod every nerve in my body seemed to have a srparate pulse of its own. I could ooly feel and think-I was powerless to move. I listened, half mechanically, to the moaning of the wind and the beating of the rain upon the windows, for the storm had sprang up again with redoubled fury. Theo, with one last effort, 1 broke into a torrent of eager words, imploring Holt, by all he held sacred-by the God above us -by the memory of old times-of the girl he had once loved, to pause before it was too late, and think what he was doing. I pictured the horrors of a railway collison, and bade him remember that the blood of all those ill-fated creatures would be upon his head. Bat he only laughed at my ravings, telling me calmly that he had couuted the coat, and that ' the game was worth the candle.' It was just then that there was a move- ment among the signals, and the electric bell rang out, heralding the approach of the express. Almost at the same instant I could bear in the distance the sharp, wild scream of its escaping steam, and I knew that it was actually at hand. For a moment my reason seem to desert me. I can remember rolling over upin the floor, struggling madly, passionately, to be free. But ail in vain, f jr, as I lay there, paoting and writhing, the train swept past. And then I remembered no more. . . . * How long I lay there senseless I can- not tell ; it must have been hours, but it might have been days or months, from my dazed sensations as I straggled back io life once more. As I lifted my head aud locked about me my bewilderment increasod, for my room seemed full of people. Strange faeas bent over me in anxious solicitude. I gazed at them blankly for a moment, then, with a rush it all came back to me-the events of that terrible night ! I sprang up, crying out wildly to know what had become of the express. An old guard whom I knew, and who was in fact the guard of the express, stepped forward aud laid his hand on my arm. ' She is safe,' lie said impressively, -* eared by your presence of miud. It was a dangeroas game, my lad, but our only chance; ani God t>3 praised, it worked splendidly.' 1 could not understand him, and turned-to the others for an explanation of the riddle and bit by bit it was all made clear. It seemed that the old bridge, which had long been looked upon with suBpiciou by the engineers, had not been able to stand against the storm, but had collapsed, and only a few seconds before the express should have passed over it ! It was believed that I had become aware of the pariions state of the bridge too j late to etop the train, aud had therefore resorted to the only other alternative that of sending th? express into the siding, after the goods train. This ia itself was eminently risky; but thauks to the severity of the storm, the express was going at a reduced speed, and the engine driver, finding himself upon strange metals, had applied bis brakes, and brought her up when within a few yards of the waggons ; and thus a great catastrophe had been averted. Every one was loud in my praise, declaring that had it not been for ray presence of mind and the promptitude of my action hundreds of lives would have boen lost! I denied this, and tried to explain what had really occurred. Bat it was an incoherent story, and, in the excitement af the moment, few paid attention to it. Holt had evidently carried out bis plan of revenge to the letter, for I had been left unbound, and he had allowed no one to see him near my quarters. The next day, iu the river, among the debris of the fallen bridge, the dead body of a man was found. He was a stranger in that part of the country, and I was the only one who was able to indentify him. But I said as little as I could respecting him, as I had no wish to brand his najie with shame. My nerves were so tried by the strain they had gone through that I never again undertook the duties of pointsman, and the night of the great storm was the last that I ever spent in a signal box.-Cham ber's Journal. ¡ 