ir. On top of the rock was a depression, not suffi ciently deep to hold water long, but deep enough to conceal a man sitting or lying down. Out of this now uprose a mau, who, after making sure that the late visitors had, actually departed for good, picked up a, billy and descended to the bolo whereat the two men had watered their horses. Filling it, ho went on to the lately de serted camp aD d made up the smouldering lire. He put tho billy on the fire, and then ascended the rock again. Here, in his lair, were some ration bags and an old blanket. With the bags, he descended again, carrying also some damper and mutton. Sitting down at the fire, he made a ravenous meal, and, that finished, he com menced to smoke, muttering and talking to him self as a solitary man does. He was a gaunt, half-starved figure, and his clothes were ragged, and his boots but mere apologies. His hair, however, was not long, and his beard was a grizzly stubble. "I was a fool not to show myself. They were only prospectors, and might have helped me. But I have no nerves; and those police get them selves up in all manner of rigs in the bush," he soliloquised. Then ho smoked on In silence for a time. "Well, I must make a start again. . ' '.?'? ' ?? -? ? ? I . ?. I've rested well, and Lave enough rations left. Ha!" Absorbed in his meditations, he had not heard the silent approach of a horseman from behind. Howson was sitting on his horse quietly regarding him. "So you were playing ghost last night, I sup pose. Why didn't you come to our camp? There's something wrong here." The ex-ghost looked at him. Howson had a kindly face. "I will tell you. I don't think you look the man to go back on a poor devil. You may have heard some time ago of a prisoner escaping from Fremantle Gaol?" Howson shook his head. "Well' I'm the man; and I've led the life of a bunted dog ever since." "How did you get right up here?" "You see, I was known pretty well on the Murchison Field itself and on Gue, as I know something of the lay of the country. I thought, that I could work round by degrees and make my way to the big crowds on the rushes north of Coolgardie, and so right down." "How did you get the rations and clothes?" The man hesitated. ""You're a good sort," he said, coming up fawningly beside Howson's horse; "and I'll tell you open. I stole them from a fencer's camp on Magardoo Run, twenty miles . from here. A man .must do these things when he's in my plight." "What did you want to play that foolery for last night?" "I was frightened you might spell here all day, and also that you might be police. I was planted on top of the rock." "How did you manage that sigh and cold air business?" . "I sighed, but the cold air must have been fancy. I splashed in the other Hole, not in the deep one-" .-,*". "Stop that!" cried Howson suddenly. "What the devil are you fumbling with my revolver pouch for?" "Accident, nervousness. I'm that nervous that, I assure you, I can't keep my hands still." Howson regarded him sternly. "You're an awful liar,", he said. "But it's lucky for you I came back for my knife. I can't hound down such a miserable wretch as you, and if you wait here I'll fetch my mate back and we'll camp here to- day and see what we can do for you. Hand me up that knife, and no tricks." He pointed to a sheath-knife lying on the ground, which had escaped the vagrant's eye. The man took lt up submissively and handed it to Howson, holding it by the blade. Howson turned and rode back on his tracks, and the escaped prisoner was left alone. The two prospectors were soon back, Jim hav ing waited for his friend's return with the miss ing knife. They were speedily unpacked and camped in the old camp. But the convict noticed that a sharp eye was kept on him by one or other of the men at all times. Evidently that at tempt on the revolver had been a false move. Howson and Jim undid their swags and selected such clothes as they could spare and an old pair . of boots, still in good order, this last being the most precious gift of all for a man out there td dispose of. "Now," said Howson, "we can't spare you a horse, "but we'll rig you up, give you a few good feeds to-day, and some more rations and a water-bag. With this you can easily reach Wandimp Station, fifteen miles south of here.. Jim's got a razor he'll lend you, and if you shave your cheeks and chin you'll look a good deal better, and can go up boldly to the station, instead of stealing." The outcast professed the greatest gratitude, and taking the tin dish they lent him and other things, went off to the waterhole to effect the transformation which was to restore him to an equal level with, his fellows; that is to say, outwardly. ^ He returned in half an hour's time greatly im proved; so much BO that he now looked rather . the swell of the party. "Let's go and have a look at your camp up there," "said Jim. The other made^no objection, and they ascend ed the rock. In the hollow was little left but some stale damper and salt mutton and the old blanket. The convict-looked at these things now with great disgust, although but a short time before they had been very precious to him. "You had better collect all these rags," re marked Howson. "They might be found some day aud afford a clue." The convict obeyed, and tieing them into a rude bundle iii the old blanket, he and Howson commenced the descent. Jim stayed behind hav ing a look round. "What shall I do with these things?" asked the convict. "Tie a stone to them and sink them in tho ghost's waterhole," returned Howson, in jest. The convict turned a ghastly white. "Don't say that," he said. "Why not?" asked Howson, in surprise. At this moment Jim overtook them. In his hand he held a tattered sheet of newspaper. "Were there not two of you who escaped?" he suddenly asked. . "Yes, of course," returned the other. "I see you picked up that piece of newspaper with an account of it." "How long have you camped on this rock?" "Just a week." "Liar! You have been here longer; three weeks. Look where somebody has marked here with a pencil, 'Came to top of rock -13, '95.' " The convict looked helplessly around, and mut tered something about, "He must have written that," in tremulous tones. "Where is your fellow-prisoner?" demanded Howson. "= ? "We parted some time ago." "Then how did he come to the top of the rock and write on this paper?" "The rations were short, and we quarrelled." "You murdered him, you mean." "And the body is in that hole!" exclaimed Howson, with a flash of conviction. "No, no," cried tho wretch. "Did you not try yqurselves? I saw you myself. There is nothing there! nothing!" "There's the body of a man, and you have covered it with stones. That's why we felt no thing." "We'll make you clean it out," said Jim. But the horror of this proposal was too much for the wretched man. With a quick bound he was away and racing for the scrub. He reached it, in spite of one or two revolver shots fired after him, and the two men could neither overtake nor track him. A body, found some months af ter, was supposed to be his. Tho rock hole still keeps Its secret. Tho two prospectors simply scratched indelibly on the rock: "Drink nothing here. Something dead in the hole." This was the epitaph of the other man. Jim said; "It would bc too sweet a contract to sturt cleaning it out." 