SONS OF FIRE. (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) BY MISS 13 R ADDON. 'ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) Tho situation was awkward tor Allan, though tliere was nothing in so simple a matter as a fainting-fit to surprint, him. Ho knew that there are women who faint at the smallest provocation, in a crowded room in the sunshine, at cnurcn, u.u9- v.-hor e. Hero the sunshine was perhaps to blame; that delicious, pure sunlight In which ho had been basking. He gave a long Australian coo-ce. long enough and loud enough to have brought la ip in the wilderness, and assuredly calcu- k't'd to attract some gardener at work within call. Then he bethought himself of the fountains, and ran to got some water in his: hat. At the first dash of water Mrs. Vornoch opened her eyes, with a little sobbing sigh, and looked at him as if wondering who ami what ho was. 1 know he would have answered my prav'jr." she murmured brokenly, "spirit to spirit., ghost lo ghont" It ii'-omod a worse kind of faint than Allan supposed, for now her mind was wandering. . "I fear the sun was too warm for you. ho said standing before her in painful rsnljarrassniuiit, half expecting sonic indi cation of absolute lunacy. "Tea, yea, it v/as the sun." she answered nervously. '"The glare is so strong this afternoon ; and this summerhouse is nharlo- less. I must go bank to the house. H was very foolish of me to faint. I am so sorry. I liopo you won't consider me a very silly ' '"My dear Mrs. Wornock. I have never hoard that a fainting-fit oil a warm sum mer afternoon is r. sign of silliness." "N'o, it Is a thing one cannot help, can oon? Tint it must have been so unpleasant for yon. Ah. hero is olio of the gardeners.' as a man came hurrying towards her, with a. seared countenance. "There is nothing the matter, Henry. I am quite well no a. air. Carew and I can walk hack to the house. And so your father's original name was Ileresford. Does lie call himself lleics- ford-Carow?" "Yes, in all important documents; hut he is a mail too careless of forms to trouble himself about tins first name, and It lias fallen into disuse for the most part, Carew being the name of honor in our county. Ho is known at h'endyke and in the neigh borhood simply as Squire Carew. I sign jnvseif Bcresford-Carew sometimes, when I 'want to distinguish myself from the numerous clan of Carows in Devonshire and elsewhere. Will you take my arm to go hack to Hie liou.se." "Yes," timidly and faintly, "I shall he very glad of your support." -She put her email, while hand through his arm. and walked slowly sad silently by his side. Returning consciousness hat. brought hack very iiitlo color to her face. It. had still an almost unearthly pallor. S'li walked the whole distance without uttering a word. A faint sigh fluttered on iter lips two or three times during the slow promenade, and on her drooping lashes Al lan sow the glitter or a tear. For some reason or other she was deeply moved; or it might he that her fainting- lits always took this emotional form. He saw her palely seated on her own sofa, with footman and maid in atlcndanco upon her, before he took a brier adieu. M "You'll come and see me again, I hope, rho said, with a faint smile, as she ffava him her hand at parting. "I shall bo most happy." he murmured, doubtful within himself whether he would ever hazard a repetition of this agitating finale to an afternoon call. To bo interro gated about himself and his surroundings with an eager curiosity which was certainly startling, and then to find himself tetc-a- teto with an unconscious fnllow-crcaturc, was an ordeal that few young meu would care to repeat. When lie described his visit next day to Mrs. Mnrnington, she only shrugged her shoulder., and said decisively. "Hysteria! Too much money, too much leisure, and no itsvk c'able connections. If there is one # woman I pity more than another that wo- is Mrs. Wornock." "if over I call on her again it must bo v/i'l; vau rr with my mother," said Allan. "I won't faeo her alone." Although he came to this decision about the !;uly, he found himself not the less dis- jio.'-vd to dwell upon her image during the (Vi.y,.; ami weeks that followed his afternoon at ni- eonvhe; and more than once he asked binnelf whether there might not be some more cogent reason for her fainting-lit than tj 10 sum's warmth or the sun's glare— whe- hf.r that deep interest which she had evin ced in all he could tell her cf home and parents might not be founded on .something mere serious than an idle woman's idle cu- ri'-eiiiy. f'uuld it bo that he bad lighted upon some trace of that . mystery in his father's past life — lh.it mysLery which, without tan gible evidence, lie had always imagined as the kcynr/ji to his father's character in later years? She had fainted immediately upon his telling her Ids father's former name. Was that a mere coincidence of time, or wan th- name the cause of hesita tion in going alone — a second time. 7.ady Emily arrived on a visit to her son while he was pondering this unanswerable question about Mrs. Wornock. and he caught at the opportunity. He hardly al lowed his mother time to inspect his house and gardens, and the small farm which supplied his larder, and to give her opinion upon the furnishing of the rooms and the arrangement of the llovver-bcds and lawns, "before he suggested taking her to call upon bin neighbor at Discombe. "Hut why, Allan? Why should I call up on this Mrs. Wornock. when I urn a strang er in the land?" argued his mother, "If there is any question of calling, it is Mrs. .Wornock who must call upon me." "All, hut this lady is an exception to all rules, mother. She calls upon hardly any- nouy, ami rno nas uoggea -me to go anu see her, and I feel n kind of hesitation in going alone-— a second time." He stopped iu sudden embarrassment. Ilo did not wish to tell his mother about the fainting-lit, though lie had described the scene freely to Mrs. Mornington. He had thought more seriously of the circum stance since that conversation with Mrs. Mornington, and lio was inclined to attach more importance to it now than at that time. "I think you would be interested in Mrs. Wornock, mother." he urged, after a pause, during which Lady Emily had been pacing the room from window to wall with the idea of suggesting a bay to be thrown out where there was now only a flat French casement. "Allan, you alarm mo. I think you must bo in love with this eccentric widow. You told mo she was very rich, didn't you? It might not be a bad match for you." "IVrliaps not, if .Mrs. Wornock had any penchant for me; and if I wanted a wife old enough to he my mother. Do you know that the lady has a son as old as t am?" Ho reddened at the thought of that son, whoso likeness to Bcresford-Carew was startling enough to surprise Lady Emily, and might possibly occasion unpleasant sus picions. And yet accidental likenesses are , so common in this world that it. would be weak to bo scared by such a resemblance. Would ho be wise in taking his mother to Discombe? Perhaps not. He had made up his mind to take her there, wisely or fool ishly. He wonted to bring her plain com mon sense to hoar upon Mrs. Wornock's fantastic disposition. "My mother is the shrewdest woman I know." ho told himself. "She will read Mrs. Wornock' s character much better than I can." Lady Emily was the soul of good nature, and was particularly freo from the tram mels of conventionality; so. when she found her son had the matter at heart, she waiv ed all question of tlio caller ami the called upon, and allowed Allan to drive her to Blseoinhe on the afternoon after her arrival at Bceehhurst, and the drive and the ap proach to the manor were very agreeable to her. "You are really prettier hereabouts than wo are in Suffolk," she said condescending ly: "hut you j.avo not our wide expanses of pasture, our open horizon. Those high down.; have a cramping effect on your land scape— they narrow your outlook, and shut you in too much. Your sunsets must he very poor, in a brokun-un country like til Li. " Tim weather was more sultry than on Allan's previous visit. »Suinmer had ripen ed. the roses wore in bloom, and the last purp'o petal had fallen in l lie rhododendron jungle through which they drove to the M .'I !' n r House. Mr.,. Wornock was at home. Vain for th" f-:.linan to deny it oven had ho been so iti i fat! i'd. for the deep-toned music of the o:".vu! wis nr-alinc along the corridor. The ink'kiy chords which begin Beethoven's Fu- iuv;. f March for the Burial of a Hero crash ed .mi. solemnly and slowly, as Lady Emily and son approached the musio.room; an ! u lien, at the opening of the door, the jii.y'-r stopped suddenly, the silence was -d selling than the music had been. S' -nlifg, :<>>, to see th'4 fragile form of th- p!'iy.M\ am! the semi-transparent hands wlr: !. had produced that volume of .sound. "I hid mi Pica you were so fine a musi cian. Mrs. Wornock," Lady Emily said gra ciously, after tin introduction had been got over, tin/ lady of Discombe standing before v her timidly In the broad sunlight from the open window, so fragile, so youthiul-look- Ing, so unliko the mistress of a great house and the chief personage in a rustic parish. "My son was eloquent in your praise, but he forgot to tell mo of your musical tal ent." "I don't think I have much talent," an swered Mrs. Wornock, hesitatingly. "I am very fond of music — that Is all." "There is a great deal in that all. I wish my love of music — and Allan knows I prefer a good concert to any other form of entertainment — would enable me to play as you do, for then I could take the placo of the stupidest organist in England at our parish church." Lady Emily was making conversation, seeing thai Mrs. Wornock's lips were mute and dry. as If she were absolutely speech- le.vs from fright. A most extraordinary woman, thought Lady Emily; shy to a de gree that bordered on lunacy. The talk had all to be done by Allan and his mother, since Mrs. Wornock's share in it was hardly more than monosyllabic. She assented to everything they said — she con tradicted herself over and over again about the weather, and about the distinguishing features of the surrounding country. She agreed with Lady Emily that the hills spoiled the landscape; she assented to Al lan's protestation that the hills were the chief charm of the neighborhood. She rang for tea, and when the servants had brought tables and tray and tea-kettle, she sat as ,n a dream for ever so long before she be came conscious that the things were there, and that she had a duty to perform. Then she filled the cups with tremulous hands, and allowed Allan to help her through the simplest details. Her obvious distress strengthened Allan's suspicions. There must be some mystery behind all this embarrassment. Mrs. Wor nock could hardly behave in this way to every stranger who called upon her. Of all women living no one was less calculated to inspire awe than Lady Emily Carew. Good humor was writ large upon her open coun tenance. The milk of human kindness gave softness to her speech. She was full of consideration for others. Distracted by the music of the organ, Lady Eiuily had not even glanced at the Millais portrait which faced her as she walked along the corridor. It was. there fore, with unmixed astonishment that she observed a photograph on an easel con spicuous on a distant table — a photograph which she took to be the likeness of her son. "I see you have given Mrs. Wornock your photo, Allan," she said. "That Is more than you have done for me since you were ai me unn easily. "Go and look at the photo, mother, and you will see I have not been so wanting in filial duty." Lady Emily rose and went over to the table in the furthermost window. "No, I see It is another face; but there is a wonderful look of you. Pray, who is this nice-looking young man, Mrs. Wor nock? 1 may call him nice looking with a good grace, since lie is not iny son. Ills features are more refined than Allan's. The modelling of the face is more deli cate." "That is my son's portrait," answered Mrs. Wornock. "and it is thought a good likeness. He is like Mr. Carew, is be not? Almost starllingly like; hut the resem blance is less striking in the picture than in the living face. It is in expression that Lhe two faces are alike." "I begin to understand why you arc in terested in my son," said Lady Emily, smiling down at the face on the easel. "The two young men might be brothers. Prav how cud is this young gentleman?" "ilo will he six and twenty in August." "And Allan was twenty-five last May. And is Mr. Wornock an only son, like my Allan?" "Yes. I have only him. When he is away, I am quite alone— except for my organ and piano. I try sometimes to think they arc both alive." "What a pity you have no daughter. A place like this looks as if it wanted a daughter. But you and I are in the same desolate condition. Allan is all I have— and my white farm." "Mother, why not my white farm and Allan?" said her son, laughingly. "If you knew more of my mother, Mrs. Wornock, if you knew her in SuiFolk, you would be very likely to think the farm first and not second in her dear love. Perhaps you, too. are interested in farming." Mrs. Wornock smiled a gentle negative, and gave a glance at the triple keyboard yonder, which was eloquent of meaning. A glance which seemed to ask, "Who could waste time upon cow-house and poultry- yard when all the master spirits of har mony arc offering their mysteries to the faithful student?" "Weil, mother, how do you like the mis tress of Discombe?" asked Allan, as they drove bunieward. "She is very refined — rather graceful — dreadfully sliy," answered his mother mu singly; "and I hope you won't he angry with 'me Allan, If she seems to me half an idiot." "You saw her to-day at a disadvantage," said Allan, and then lapsed into medita tive silence. Had he not also seen this strange woman at a disadvantage when she fainted at the mention of his father's name— the name his father had borne in youth, not the name by which he was known now? Her faint ing-fit might have had no significance in his eyes if it had not followed upon her on gar questioning about his father. And whatever suspicions had been excited by that first visit were intensified by Mrs. Wornock's manner in the presence of Lady Emily. Such obvious embarrassment— a shyness so much more marked than that with which she had received him on bis first visit — could hardly exist without a deeper cause than solitary habits or ner vous temperament. The likeness between Geoffrey Wornock and himself might have meant no more than the likeness between Mr. Drummond and Sir Robert Peel; but that likeness, taken in conjunction with Mrs. Wornock's extraordinary interest in his father, and most noticeable embarrassment in receiv ing his mother, might mean a great deal- might mean, indeed, that the cloud upon his father's life was the shadow of a life long remorse, the dark memory of sin and sorrow. It might be that within the years preceding his marriage George Beresford had been involved in a guilty intrigue with Mr. Wornock's young wife. To believe this was to think very badly of this gentle creature who used the ad vantages of wealth and position with such modest restraint, whose only delight in life was In one of the most exalted of life's pleasures. To believe this was to think Mrs. Wornock a false and ungrateful wife to a generous husband; and it was to be lieve George Beresford a vulgar seducer. If tliere Is one fallacy to which the non- legal mind Is more prone than' another it is its belief In its power to estimate the value of circumstantial evidence. Allan Carew tried his father and Mrs. Wornock by the evidence of circumstances, and he found them guilty. "My mother shall never cross that wo man's threshold again!" he decided, angry with himself for baviug taken Lady Emily to Discombe. Allan recalled the story Mrs. Mornington had told him of Mr. Wornock's marriage, and the mysterious birth of his son and heir — mysterious in that It was a strange thing for an English gentleman with a fino estate to carry off his wife to a foreign country before the birth of her first child, and to remain an exile from home and pro perty until his son was three years old. Mystery of some kind — a secret sorrow or a secret shame — must have been at the root of conduct so unusual; and might not that secret Include the story of the young wife's sin? Allan Carew had heard of husbands so beneficent as to forgive that sin which to the mind of the average man lies beyond reach of pardon; husbands who, knowing themselves old, ugly, and unlovable, havo palliated and pardoned the passionate im pulses of undisciplined girlhood, the sin in which there has been more romantic folly than of profligate inclination; husbands who have asked themselves whether they were not the darker sinners in having possessed themselves of creatures so lovely and so frail, so unadapted for a passionless, work aday union with grey hairs and old age. It might be, Allan thought, that Mr. Wor nock was one of these, and that be had convoyed his young wife away from the scene of her sin and the influence of her betrayer, and had hidden her shame and his dishonor in that quiet valley among the snow- peaks and the glaciers. But if Mrs. Wornock had so sinned in the early days of her married life there must be people at Matcham who would remember the lover's presence at Discombe, even although his real character had been undiscovered by the searching even of village censors. (To be continued.) 