LOCAL SOCIETIES. In spite of the inclement weather there was a fair attendance of members at the usual j fortnightly mcctiug of the Connewarre lm j provement Association held at the State school last Thursday evening The Iter. T. J. Winsor occupied the chair. Two new members Ave re elected, and the prclimimrry business haviu<* been disposed of the subject for the evening was then taken, which was "Municipal elections.*' At the previous meeting three candidates were nominated for each of the ridings of the South Banvou shire council, some cf whom attended the present meeting to express their views on municipal matters con nected with the particular riding they were suposed to be desirous of representing. Some interesting and practical addresses were given, and several questions having been answered the members made choice by a vote by ballot of the following representatives in the council for the various ridings - Connewarre, Mr W. Scott: Barwon, Mr B. Blyth ; and Kardinia, Rev. T. J. Winsor. Elocutionary practice formed the syllabus work of the Geelong Mutual Improvement Association at their weekly meeting held in the Mechanics' Institute classroom on Monday evening, wheu the following items were con tributed :—" Aurelia's young man," by Mi1 W. Brownhi'l;11A lie," by Mr A. Hill; " Othello's address to the Senate," by Mr E. H. Cotton ; a short comedy entitled 44 Man proposes," the chief characters being taken by Mr D. Mar shall aud Mr J. Barnes ; and the ghost scene from 44 Hamlet," Messrs J. - C. Brownhill, G. Brownhill, aud E. D. Wilcox taking the characters Hamlet, Horatio and Tim Ghost | respectively. All the items were greatly ap- ! predated by the large number of members present, the scene from "Hamlet" being especially appreciated. The secretary an nounced that the cast for the characters "in the comedy 44 Slight mistakes," which is to be pro duced at the association's annual concert shortly was fixed, and that arrangements in connection ~rith same were proceeding satisfac torily. Mr C. Morrison was elected a new member aud duly welcomed by the president, Mr Geo. Bradley, who occupied the chair. 