Plenary Council. Inaugural Ceremony. At tho above ceremony, as reported by the S.M. Herald , of Monday lust. Dr. Gallagher, oo-adjutor bishop of Goulburn, preached the sermon. Ho said that for the seoond time inside 10 years tbe episcopate of Australia were assembled in Plenary Council in that mother cliuroli of the metropolitan city of tho southern world. At the desire of their illustrious Pontiff, undor the presidency df the Cardinal Arohbishop, Apostollo Delegate, they hud come together to draw up thoso deorcos, and to doviso thoso means whioh after mature deliboration thoir united wisdom and experience, uasisted by the Holy Ghost, deemed most suited for tho true progress of thoir great country, tlio preservation and diffusion of fuitli, tho improve ment of morals, tbo interests of religion, tho grantor glory of God, and tho salvation of im mortal souls. Tho aim of tho august assemblies of tho ohuroh in ovary ugo and in overy Christian land had ovor boon to maintain rovouled truth, to oondoinn horosy, to uphold uniformity and snuotity of disoipllno, to relievo tho poor, to battue for the oppressed, to udvanco the aauso of soicnce and knowledgo, to elevate mankind. Aftor touobing upon various kinds of eounoUs, Dr. Gallughcr said that when all tho archbishops and bishops of n country or nntion, or pcoplo bound together by samuness of languago, of customs, institutions, ond law, mot under a delegate specially appointed by tho Holy Soo, having in viow to transmit sound doctrine, to keep intaot and pure in thoir dio ceses tlio doposit of faith, to increaso tho honour of Divino worship, to fortify tho order and dis cipline of tho clergy, to promote and strengthen overywhoro by a" happy progress holiness of morals, mutual nlmrity, virtue, religion, and Siotv, thoy had a plonury or nutional synod, uoh wus tho assembly in whoso first public session thoy woro privileged to take part that day. Tho history of tJioso councils was tbo history of tho Christian faith, of tho triumph of religious liberty ovor despotism, of truth ovor error, of oatholiu civilisation ovor tho cor ruptions of tbo pagan, und over tbo barbarism and brute forco of tbo modiajval world. That morning thoy had soon their Holy Mother in something of her external splendour com ing forth ue tho " King's daughter in golden vesturo surrounded with vuriety." Thoy hod heard tho rustling of her variegated garments (is her prelates passed in gorgoous procession. Thoy lmd hoard the glorious inusio that almost shook thoso musslvo walls, and wafted to ' tlio tlirono of God the profession of fuith of tho young Church of Australia. Bishops, venerable for their years, tlioir learning, their pioty, thoir great good works so nobly done, from the Derwcnt on the south to Carpentaria on tho north, from our Indiun to our Paoiflo shore, were thore, not merely to contributo their matured experience, but themselves of different sohools of thought and nations and tongues to illustrate tho unity in variety of thoir holy faith. Aiding them with ndvieo were theo logians skilled in Bacred seieuoo mid conversant through much pructico with its beuring on all tlio burning questions of tho ago. And priests bronzed with tho heat, und bent with tho labours of tho duy, whom their fellow-workers had choson to represent tlrom in that groat ecclesiastical senate of tho southern world. Hardly an ordor in tho ohuroh that was not with them that day. After alluding to tho characteristics of somo of the orders repre sented that day, ha said: "Hera, loo, is St. Paul of the Cross, to whom our Holy Fathor looks with affectionate regard as ono of tho oliief instruments in that whioh nil good men have so much at heart — tho reunion under ono head and one shepherd of tho Anglo-Saxon world." And oil, whetlior of recent institution or tracing back their origin to tho twilight of Christian his tory, moil of tho ago, striving to correct its mistakes, but cheered by its hopes, marching in the very van of its progress, blessing its aobievements of science, and its victories over the forces of nature— 'their foelings in touch with its nob)ost resolve, and their hearts in thorough sympathy with its loftiest aspira tions. No fossils thoy, no mummies taken from an Egyptian musoum, no ghosts of a vanished past brooding gloomily by . tho doors of sopulchres, whioh snail never bo oponed ; but aglow with nil tbo healthful vigour of young lifo, with breasts hoaving and panting for tbe fray, counting thoir host and woll acquainted with the- taotics of tho enemy, yearning to enter tho lists in evory form of glorious but pacific struggle- as did their predecessors of overy ago— for truth, for virtue, for justice, for religion, and for God. Thoir bishops inot together to promote those vuricd objects wbioh were eonneotcd with tho spiritual interests and mare extendod influence and usefulness of the ohuroh. Tlio special object of this second Plenary Council was to consolidate tho work bo well begun in tbo first council of 1886, to sooure tbo more complotc execution of its de crees, to promote uniformity and holiness of discipline by bringing local variations (if sucli existed) back to tho stundard of general usage, to improve and oxtend their system of paroohial schools, to confirm the fuith and increaso tho forvour by quickoning tho zeal of their people, to infnso fresh sap and life into every branoli and fibre of tbo heavenly vino which their great predecessors planted in the generous soil of thoir beloved country. The fellewlMg appeared ia ear Second Edition yesterday. 