VIII DAY, AUGUST 10, 1895. The central idea of the Railway Board is, this car for coast shows, the mention of a board of management, so as to make out system correspond as far as possible with the British and American methods the question of the day is how far this idea of rontutorcial directors will come mond itself to the public favour, 31, of the politician aaouIiI boa, how fast will it catch on W may anticipate a favourable reception Mon come to this stage of doctors by a process of exhaustion Autocratic commis RioncrsPailiainciitvvillnotliavo Political Ministers the country will not stand One section of the community saves as against Jil Gin ii s, and the snoLCuding name, of Mr "Will i i it, Mr liioiiAit» son, and Mr H ]! Wil lia vis do not exactly command rospo t as experts And what of the future 1 Are AAo to be content with the visions which disclose darkly a burly form like unto Me Hancock. and a shorter figure which corresponds with that of Mr M Al um v 1 With such possibilities it is conceded that an investment representing nearly £10 000,000 of money is scarcely to the left to the climate and the policy of the political exigencies of the bom It was a lest Unit Lord tons I'ussi It was ready to take command of the Channel fleet, but it is a first did not a intention of the 1 horizon but is likely to go to the depart incur and turn things upside down where-ever pt the Army li \ members avIio it they found then unwilling way to Spencer street might be relied upon tonic with (discretion With cominis mothers and M luísteis set aside, we seem to come to the board of lorries and tractors jim Rcliiinu is that there should be a high class talkie actresses, and that he should lead vised, lostuiiiKil, or quickened, as the case might be, by a group of business men in touch with public opinion and public wants A Miong bond is School upon to on sure general spirit Apart is own poll to at millions, the danger of the Com mission and the Ministerial system is that too much turns upon the id ins) nuns,) of the individual The he will be pi others who will con- latest) product that the board system will breakdown in its line Locally no one can tell But, litany disease might be very hopeful of a food start life last appointments would be made under a House of great responsibility, in a body of really good men at work for five or seven years mif.lifcacliu.vo great things at the railways they might institute a tariff which it would be difficult to disturb Sydne y Smith advocated show b views of life It was sufficient, he urged, to see a few steps ahead In this case, at any rate, we are not consti- lined to provide for the railways for all time It is enough to say that the appointment of a strong bond of commercial directors to exercise a general control is a feasible modo apparently the most feasible mode-of riding us over a period of transition and reform I he Minister of Railways would be ex- officer a member of such a board, and would be the connecting link between it and Parliament He would by no means be a nullity, for it would be possible for the Houses upon his advice to disallow any particular proposal 01 polie) Uns general power, to be exercised after debate, is a very different one from political influence secretly exercised or from a responsible interference, and is one of which it is not sought under the scheme to deprive the Legislature Unless we leave the lines political control cannot be wholly got rid of inasmuch as Parliament re mania the ultimate paymaster Pat liament continues his embie for the results of the speculation 'The new board system is an client to provide that Parliament shall appoint trusty agents, and shall interfere with those agents as little as possible, and when it does interfere shall take open and direct action One great difficulty will be surmounted if the board of directors be appointed The Board of Inquiry will probably make a number of recommendations which all Ministers would deem to be reasonable and proper and yet which no Minister would care to carry out winds even members might hesitate to vote for, not knowing the facts of the case, or dreading some passing misconception in particular quarters All these dubious questions could be remitted to the new body for its decision. The directors would be told, ' A our mission " is to work the lines We want the " lines to pay We desire that the tax " player shall not be specially burdened " We do not ask that our employes " should be sweated-either over worked or underpaid We want a " generous but common sense and " commercial management Here are " the recommendations of the Board of " Inquiry Give them your conscien " tions consideration, and decide how " far they should be carried out " To the " man in the street " the picturesque and personal incident. connected with the late change of Government in Great Britain are really of more interest than all the grave political issues involved in it He will dwell with amused meditation on the fact that a great Ministry is over thrown on a question of cartridges and a vote of ELI 00 that at the moment when the first division was being taken SirWiiLiAvi Ilvitcouiu was smoking peacefully on the 'terrace outside, and thanking God that there was " one " night, at least, when no cases was "possible It curiously pricks the atom age man's sense of humour, again, to remember that amongst the causes which destroyed the late Cabinet was a debate on the 250th anniversary of the Battle of Naseby, about a statue to Oliver CnoviAALLr, and the circumstance that Lord lives ii i v twice won the Derby The proposal to erect a statue to Ouviiit Choviva t li tempo linly dissolved the alliance between the Nonconformists and the Irish party, so it may be said that the ghost of the Great Protector, more than two centuries after his death, destroyed a Ministry and broke up a great part) J ha Nonconformist conscience, too, was a great element of power for the Liberals, and to that somewhat eccentric organ the spectacle of the Prime Minister of Great Britain twice leading a Derby va winner from the course was a bitter offence A brief study of Nonconformist literature, indeed, is quite sufficient to prove that Lord Eastway's victories on the turf seriously chilled the fighting zeal of great sections of his support ters The personal characteristics of the new Cabinet, in the same manner, will interest many people almost more than its political qualities and possibilities The family element, for example, is a notable fact in the present Administration We have a father and a son in Mr Cn amid BLAIN and Mr AustEN CiiAVinutiAiv, a father in law and a son in law in Lord Salisbury and Lord St LiiouM ; two brothers in the persons of the leader of the House of Commons and the Chief Secretary for Ireland, two brothers in law, Lou 1 G-ORof Hamilton and Lord L a, dow in an uncle and two nephews in Lord Sai is lively and the Messrs B VLiet Whether family ties, indeed, make for peace or discord in politics may be doubted , but the strength of the final) element in Lord Salisbury s Administration is undeniable The present Administration too, is the most aristocratic that has had charge of the public affairs of the empire during the present genera- tion. It is almost embarrassingly well in poor Mr G AljsioM s last cabinet, which turned, consiste I of five poets and twelve coiniiioiir-is Toni Suis nui was Cabinet on hulls eight ] oats and clover coiniiioiiii« lim bitterer) of the liberals was Abolish the louis and by the site of events the mont dinte result has been to give the old a larger personal share in the government of the country than they, have had since the great Reform. hall It is curious, Berlin, to observe how the men who govern the empire belong almost exclusively to the ilinvoisitic- und elude) to Oxford In the last Cabinet eight were Oxford men, six. were Cam bridge men only tincture of whom was 1 odd 111 itself 11 who went from University) College J opinion to the line had failed to steep then youthful i imaginations in the tradition of one or other of the great English universities The present Cabinet contains only two non university men one of these, being Mr Gil wind in viv, who, how or a, studied at University College No less than liiiiouiciuhcisof Lord Sai ism ity s Cabinet mo Oxford men and three Cambridge. Cambridge under may not-excel Ovfou' in scholarship, but it is clear that Oxford is the great nursery of ] idealists statesmen The present Cabinet, strange as it may seem, is accused by its enemies of being a Cabinet of old men , ' and as a matter of fact it is the most elderly and venerable of modern Aclmuiistia tions Mr G adorn himself, with his fourscore years, naturally brought up the age level of his last Cabinet and the average age of its members, when it was formed was ; or, omitting; Ali GfvnsroNi, less than M 11^ present Cabinet includes some lesson ably Young men-as youth is counted in politics Lord B vu our of PJltr leigh, for example, is 40, Mr Balfour is 67, but the average age of the Cabinet is no less than 58, whilst it contains two members -- Lord Cross and Lord Halsbury over 70 years old, and four, including Lord Salisbury himself, between 60 and 70 years of age Nothing is more curious in modern life than the use of old men the limits of successful human energy has been widened during the present century in a degree without historic parallel In poetry, in art, in literature, in commerce, in war in science, leadership belongs to the old' And even in the fierce storm and tumultuous conflicts of politics the human brain somehow contrives to keep its keenness and v vigour to a period once deemed impossible A. Cabinet of men whose average age is nearly sixty years might be expected to lack daring and str length of will We persuade our selves that the power of initiative the imagination that conceives non things the courage that attempts them belongs exclusively to the young How can the almost intolerable burden of empire be carried by a committee of men one half of whom, at least, would be peremptorily dismissed on the ground of age from our own air service? And yet a Cabinet which includes Lord Salisbury and the Duke of I)i\o\ siiiitL, Mr. BAiFOURandMi University LAiN, Mr Goschen and Lord line down, from whatever cause it may fail, will certainly never fail from lack of energy or courage It is admitted, indeed, that the present Cabinet is, in personal force, the strongest that has undertaken the administration of the empire since the ill fated " Ministry of " All the Talents " It is amusing to note that, as a matter of fact, its too anxious friends are complaining that it is too strong 1 the London Aia tifo, for example, complains that it contains "too many) capabilities" Mr Gladstone. was fond of constituting his Cabinets of more " items," men who would never dream of seriously disputing the authority of his own eager and strenuous will, and whom, when occasion required, he could "shed as mdi " recently as a tree sheds its leaves The present Cabinet, it is gravely) argued, contains too many men whom no Premier can "shed" without asking the tree itself Nearly half its members are potential Premier. It (certainly includes five men Lord i_ALisi>URy, the Duke of DivoNsiiir-E, Mr Balfour, Mr Caramut In vin, and Mr Gossip into any one of whom, as the Spectator justly says, the count!) would frankly entrust its destinies Lord S Salisbury, taken as a personal force, is undoubtedly stronger than Lord MOSELEY Mr Moule one famous occasion declared, it is true, that Lord SALISBURY never made a speech that did not contain " at least " one blazing indiscretion " to which it has been replied, with at least equal truth, that lord BosFuiry " shines in the art of kin ing things one " would rather have left unsaid, and never made an important speech that had not immediately to be watered down by copious "explanations' It is of course true that, when too many men of commanding abilities and great force of will sit round one table there are some special risks of explosion Nevertheless it is well for on empire so vast and scattered and complex as our own that its committee of governing; men should be of exceptional force and authority It is pleasant to note how vivid thread of literary genius runs through the higher ranks of English politics 'The last Cabinet contained scholarship enough to set up a modest novelist), and literary gifts which might have made the fortune of an ordinary publishing house Mr Gladstone, of course, has dabbled in literature of mon) sorts, from Homeric poets) to contra ver_ialtheolog\ Sit in ASH accord it was a great journalist spoiled, Mr John Mould v and Mr Bryan have each written works of enduring value while So Go or! Tit v by in his written the most chai 111111,; biograph) and Lord Road when one of the most brilliant historical monographs of recent times 'The present Cabinet cannot compete in literary gifts with the last Lord Salisbury, indeed, has the makings of a great scientist, with a visit of luminous exposition equal to that of JIunliy 01 Parade of Mr Gustav, too, has written some economic plan pilots of great force, but Mr BiLlO-l is the only man of first rate literary) gifts 111 the new Cabinet When before amongst English politician indeed, has there been found a water of such subtle and penetrating force, with gift of style at once so strenuous and so crystalline, as the author of A defence of Philosophic Boult and 'the Foundations of Belief I Good Tariff work was done in Um Wembley yesterday), even though .01110 of it lives up 11 negative character H) increased majorities in force decides union not to impose new intercolonial duties The decision as to who win only 1 unmodified We have Mr Kim, Mr Kim skin, and the Tasmanian Government all promising to introduce the evil and instead Bill without doin) Jil Plum ii declines that he 13 pi quite as he 11 lil) follow butt, and to issue special aiiaii"'ciucnts to push the far enough What folly then it must be for Viet on to put on the "white book 1 whole body of new duties fournit d into assumption that the thames art) but to remain together, Matteotti has furtherance further, 111 dido hostility), up at Hm is the life of his li is -iiiiiiii"'giniinil in the House that he t it was an undue du n him! if our turn may come tin) N Ham's 1'ailmiiKiit may adopt the ft de ii measure If the bill is in felled in' avails 111 him carried) it will h either through the initiation of the tin 1 Its which mobile tar ditto 111,11 1 our) hills benison final ill in a innuendoes in too 11 ince Victim in limits-is 1 mined enemy) Our hand, aieiiiilin'liilhe Hull 'Jull doctrine is to be almost cut) in'" in this A list t dum in wheat and 100 divisions that metal in the many uses and will be returned us Sail " Um other colonies approve often I tabling Hill and N. Victoria vol s him J it, that will am positive li" III"' left colonies as in the hands Islands I" had a limb may cut us off from the "all Australian man of which it is "" ambition and no profit to complain >" it is self evident that the flesh but' It hides in one the hills' and in tim mean-time 1 lolli.vviiHtoapisitionof did unit,' is " Australia for us 'Ibu existing the suit but was much 11 ally reduced visited day 1 minutes, heathenish, and Industry wüioluvvoicfltiithodOuuiuiit died .'" shoreline tnihstuntiiili! mm Hill »""",l0 tim How big the" Anti till!) pi on no two will) Dithol fin Um itmiitm'laiiil Bovell 2 of Victoria, which will be a ucii-UM> chance, or for the future Tariff of Aus that which has no show whatever of being founded upon a preposterous Sis. Brisk work was the order of the day in the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon Private members' resolutions on the tariff were called on shortly after 2 o'clock, and b) 6 o'clock several had been disposed of First, Mr. Staughton failed to get the duty on gelatine dynamite increased in the interests of an explosive factory in his electorate. Next Mr. Levien was defeated ordination foranewduty on sale. and again the same member was thwarted in an order Pour le have pineapples and bananas made liable to duty, but Mr. Thomson won against the Government on a, proposal to reduce furniture b) 15 per cent., Mr. Moule being equally fortunate in regard to metal bedstead. Mr. Thomson once more marshalled a majority) for a 5 per cent, reduction on lamps and lampware. Mr. T. Smith moved for a duty of 1d. each on hat and bonnet shapes, but found a strong opponent in Mr- Hawson. When the voices were taken it seemed as if there were " preponderance against the proposal, and Mr Smith finally declined a division. Mr. lirotulf). however, demanded one, and the motion was agreed to by 36 to 31. The last resolution dealt with was one by Mr. Winter (ore (cut) on books bound or half-bound in (either. Short work was made of that idea, and members, having defeated it, adjourned at 6 o'clock until Tuesday. Fishermen cannot well leave their boats and nets to swarm the lobbies of Parliament, and for the present they have no competent canvasser among them. Consequently the fishermen have no influence in the Assembly, We do not iii) that Mr. Levien was right in moving for a duty on fresh fish, but it was singular how little support he received from members who have steadily voted for high duties in the interests of men whose life is one of (sided luxury) compared with the hard lot of the fisher folk on the coast. Mr Downward put it that if fishermen were scattered all over the country there would have been a fall), but because they are limited to a few short constituencies they are powerless. Rich Mr. McLean was constrained to break from the Government, because while he had voted for protection to many industries he could not see the justice of refusing protection to a body of men who, to his knoll ledge, suffered great hard- ship and made very poor living Mr. Duffus, one of the most consistent freetraders, took this view also, and Mr. Graves, speaking for the South Gippsland fishermen (their member, Mr. Mason, being in the Chair), contended that men who had to pay 6 per cent, on their shirts were entitled to some protection. Mr. Best, in opposing the duty, relied upon the report of the Tariff Bom], which pointed out that the importation of fresh fish was very small, about £1,000 worth per annum, and that a duty monks be of very little value to the fishermen, who might be better assisted by reduction of transport charges and market dues. Sir James Patterson propounded the query as to what would happen if a Victorian fisherman caught fish outside Victorian waters. " He would have to pay duty?" replied Mr. Best 'the House divided on the duty, but rejected it by 64 votes to 21. Mr. 'Thomson drew blood yesterday. He moved that the duty on furniture be reduced from 10 to 30 per cent., and pointed out that the duty was greatly increased in 1802 by a small majority that the Europeans employed in cabinet- making and decreased that the depression had been intensified by the high prices; and generally that in the in. crests of householders there should be a reduction. Mr. T. Smith, who is habitual!) supercilious, rose to wipe out the proposition. " Of course the Government will not agree to this," he said with a sneer- " Of course not," replied Mr, Best ter) confidently. Then Mr. Smith gave reasons against the reduction as if he were quite satisfied that argument were superfluous. Mr. Best did not deign to discuss the matter. Sir James Patterson, however treated it seriously, and showed how heavily the duty pressed upon the buyers of Austrian furniture, which was not made here. In New South Wales the cabinetmakers prospered under a duty of 10 per cent. Mr. McKenzie strongly supported the proposal, but, of course, Mr. Trenwith "slogccd"ut it as if it were the most iniquitous suggestion energetic. When the House divided, however, the reduction was agreed to by 17 to di. Mr. Moule immediately afterwards moved that the duty on metal bedsteads The reduced from 10 to in per cent ; but Mr West remarked that us bedsteads were living in United. under the designation of furniture the Ministry) would, in view of the last vote, accept a reduction to 30 per cent. Mr. Moule concurred, and the rate was fixed at 30 per cent. A little later on Mr. Thomson moved a reduction on lamps and lampware from 35 to 30 per cent. " Do the Ministry accept this," asked Mr. Murray Smith ' Mr. Best shook his head. But he is not the House. The motion was agreed to by) 30 to 31 Some natural embarrassment was observ- able in Mr. Staughton's manner when he rose yesterday afternoon to propose doubling the present duty of 1d. per lb. on gelatine dynamite. "Are you a protectionist or a freetrader just now?" asked Mr. Murray, and the hon. member was constrained to admit that for the moment he was a protectionist but a mode rate one, There is a factor) making the material in Mr. Staughton's constituency, and he had pledged himself to support a reasonable duty on those (stirring compounds which were no longer guarded by patent rights, but could be, and were, iniinulactiired here thoroughly satisfactory in quality). Twopence a pound or 10 per cent, was, he thought, very reasonable. Mr. 1 read with lent his countenance to the proposition, with so he emslie comments, however, on the subject of consistency), but the mining members with one accord scouted the idea. Sir John M'lnt) re showed that the company at Braybrook prospered under the present out). Mr. Lazarus, who was supports d by Mr Hamilton, declared that miners suffered severely from the loans of the locally made explosive, and Mr. Foster added his ofheml loiiiliniiiutiun of a proposal which must burden tin mining continuing), and vius not the least necessary) to the manufacturing industry Having, us Mr. Murray) Smith put a, done his duty to his constituents, Mr. Claughton promised to do his duty also to thereunder) by allowing the proposal to be .UMtivtdoii the voices. ill all the impudent requests made for duties ever submitted to the Assembly Mr. "inttrs proposal to put a duty of 35 per lew. upon Iwolts bound or partly bound in Initiier was perhaps the most nu lacious he considerately) allowed that cloth and paper found hooks should he admitted it' was the present, but he wants persons who still books to lust buy them in cloth and I am in ple) loud binders when the) want ''uni found in Further. I'urtlu r, inn moment «ittmporiirv puts, lieoftiretlloexemptHibles, British books, on,! |,Jm" |)llo|vS jj,., jjlHl "inclined to be a party to the proposal. It is w too much to ask the House to put a tax "on know is due. Mr. Prendergast vehemently clamoured for the duty, but Mr. Pink pointed "Mtliiitil it ture imposed it would simply Prohibit the importation of books bound in 'C'lllitr All books would come in bound in cloth, and tin.) would not after words bound in leather. Subsequently Mr. "»mr induced his di round to a (lad) II -3 per cent., and said that the will) would be hired on the value of the calling out). But even thus modified the proposal was unalienable, and when a division was called for Mr. Winter found "Miwlf in so small a minority that he led hiipiirtyuvcrlo the majority to avoid the fiofiliiigol the ninnis. Mt Murra) will retreat fighting. Having been di fluted on the hill to legalise the totalisator, he now intends to bring in a bill to suppress street betting and all other forms of wagering He gave notice of the motion yesterday A bill introduced by the Government in the Legislative Assembly has been circulated to provide facilities for carrying out certain of the provisions of the VA after Act 1890 at Mildura and for other purposes. The title of the bill is the Mildura Rating Act 1895 (No 2), and it shall be deemed to have come into operation on the 1st July It empowers the directors of the Mildura Irrigation Company Limited during the ball year ending December 11, able to levy and recover a rate for such Hillyear not exceeding 150 per acre from schooners and occupiers of irrigable Inn Is not Mildura Messrs Chaffey) Bros Limited and the I uri of Jinnlurl) are to be e rated in respect only of any land held by them for cultivation and irrigation purposes, provided that they hold shares in the Mildura Irrigation Company Limited in respect of such fund The company is also empowered to levy a water rate on town lands not being irrigable lands The rates levied under this act are to be kept in a separate account, to be called " The second Mihluia Hates Account lb) j, and are to be applied (a) in defraying the expenses incurred during the half year ending 31st December, 1895, in assessing and collecting the rates and of pumping and distributing water to the lands owned or occupied by those rated, and b) m repa) mg money borrowed by mortgaging the unpaid rates Subject to the approval of the Governor Council the Irrigation Company) is authorised to make regulations for preventing the waste, contamination, or undue consump- tion of water supplied from its work sand for the supply of water to the owner or occupier of any land All irrigation machinery and Avoca s at Mildura erected for supplying water to persons who acquired land from Messrs .nulli) Bros or from ChulTc) Bros 1 muted are exempted by the uct from seizure orator regiment under execution or process of any court Before lb 19 Messrs Chaffey) Bros are to put all irrigation channels in such a state of office ne) that not more that one fifth of the water pumped shall be lost in the distribution Mr Geo Coppin, M L C has tinnocnopd that it is not his intention to seek re- election as one of the representatives of the Melbourne Province in the Legislative Council, and yesterday a number of gentlemen waited on Sir Arthur Snowden, the Major of Mil bourne and asked him to become candidate for the seat Sir Arthur agreed to allow him self to be nominated if Mr Coppin persisted in his intention of retiring from political life It was decided at the meeting of the Cabinet last night that the new electric lighting station it is proposed to erect at Spencer street station should be sufficiently large to supply not only the electric lighting for the railway stations at Spencer street, Flinders street and Princes bridge, but also for Purli ment houses, the Public Library Government house, and the Post office The result of this combination of electric lighting plants will be saving of about £20 On year it not come as a surprise to man to learn that the Premier has informed us that he has received a report that the electric lighting plant for supplying Parliament house, which was purchased only a few more ago almost worn out -yesterday) the Railway Standing Com- mittee took fiirthercvidenci from Mr Rogers, M.L.A., on the narrow gauge question and presumably) it did not consider the time well spent. Mr Rogers warned the committee against the dangerous the ones of Mr Ren nick, and abjured them to stick to Rogers and facts Some further documentary evidence was put in The Agent dear and sent a copy of a report read by Mr 1 White before the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce strongly) advocating narrow gauge lines as feeders to trunk lines A report was also nail from Mr T Hack, manager of the Tasmanian Railways, describing it narrow street line 14 miles in length to Rosebery H. stated it would be constructed at one third of the cost of an ordinary nu tal road He strongly recommended he adopts to at narrow -titles hues in Gippsland and live in ill e His committee will meet on this la) next when it is expected that Sir William Zeal will be examined An effort will then be made to close the till ing of evidence 1 heerdt nee has been of a humiliating nature and though a number of members of the committee have been in favour of li Bros "are tuna from the first, they do not see their way to entirely ignore the even line of the engine or in chief bid el is it is b) lads an 1 figures It is prob- life that the committee will recommend the construe the of a line for expt n mental purposes without committing itself to the adoption of the principle Another she, gestion will be that an experiment as to the comparative cost of haulage be tried by let) me, down a narrow gauge truck on one of the present non paying lines It has occurred to the Commissioner of Customs that possibly the missing vessel Stoneleigh has been wrecked in the vicinity of the Auckland 1st in Is, and that her crew and passengers may have landed then it so they will have provisions, which are always kep t stored on the islands for the same number of castaways A Thrum has hun- suit to the New Zealand Ciouriimcut asking when the Minim r claimed will make her next call at the lawn Is A deputation from Bendigo Halted on the Minister of Agriculture yesterday) week in parcel I) Mi 1 / trial, Mt Hamilton, Mr Sterry, and Mr R Neill M L A a, and asked that the Government should given "that if "UOU tariff Is establishing" a school of vines ture at Bendigo It was stated that after the first year it was not anticipated there would be any necessity for further Government assistance, as the school would then 11 silt supporting the students have been" sufficient recovering expenditure Mr taverner replied, that he lit it a deputation from 1 in his invalid upon him two months ago in our mee to establishing the school, it promise I that rooms and appliances of our 1 be set aside at the School of Mines for the use of the instructors and students without any charge by me, uncle for them conditionally on the Governments playing the Itetunrs to submit it seems are now which would involve the Go ye with lit in an unexpected motion) of JeOUO was an entire departure from the original proposal and has much r t Inch would have to receive careful consideration by the Cabinet It was, hoviLVir, prepared, as he waited on the first. occasion to send stonor Jirngato the Tel el line at viticultural (expert t> Hindu once a month at first to deliver lectures on vine growing and wine making and it there was sufficient interest the man the pictures and the number of stud ins was such as to warrant it, the lectures would be delivered forthwith) Mr Uixcdl suchest! d that a few new s of Crown lands in the small bourhood of 1 indigo should be printed with vines as an experiment near v inn near, where the students could receive practical instruction Mr Taverner replied that would be a matter for after consider turn All that it was proposed to do at present was to give their final i instruction In connection with the Hawthorn Main Drain Loan closed tion V idnesdav, a curious letter appeared among the tenders sent in, the writer evidently) bring under the impression that the Hawthorn Council had a sum of £8000 to lend the letter which it is almost needless m Bill, was written by an Irishman, was, with pain a omitted, as follows -' Hu), N S W on n Unit, Haw thorn Den SIR-Having seen m J ht. As an of today) that your worthy nunn capitally June lands available forces pur lose 8000 in parts to suit borrowers) 1 thirteen inquire if you will oblige by) for warding to my address Particulars and Forms of application, and decide lit express ion connected therewith The security) I am about to submit is the will known bott I, well and tin!) built of brick, continuing rooms, and is insured in one of the best companies in the colonies for "1,700, which property I I consider it the Ion ist ( amounts, is worth between £2,000 and £3,000, as sure you were up in line I have added considerably to the above hotel Now it to a good and rapid able tenant at a week organically. Reply at once at your earliest convenience, by forwarding mc form of application. I have the honour to remain yours obediently, e, -son of, High " A small collection of pictures will be offered resale by auction this afternoon at the art gallery 01 Messrs Fraser and Co. The water colour drawings are more numerous than the oil paintings, and have been generally selected with taste and judgment There are two Surrey landscapes by Mr. Charles Gregory, a native of this city, which are good examples of his pencil, a close study of a Gippsland forest scene by another r local artist, Mr R W. Curtis , one of H A K Marshall's highly linishedliinibcnpcs, and a huriostheld by J H Mole, of the Royal Institute Mr T L Johnstone, formerly of this city, in represented by a highly effective canvas - a sunset, mar Avenel ; Mr. Charles Gregory signs a striking Surnj landscape, which he exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1891, and the final scene in Hamlet, forms the subject of a picture, also in oils, by Mr. C Douglas Richardson of this city. The Railway department has accepted the following tenders for supplies of fencing rails -O XV Kind, 3 OOU, at 24s per 100 delivered at British) . D Lampen!, 3,000, at 23- . delivered at Moe , Smith, I'eltiler, and &car;), 3,000, at 40s, delivered at Rush worth , M I 0 Brit n, 3,000 at 43s , decree d at Woo lend and P Huxley, 3,000, at 52s 00 at Portland The tender of S D Cain has been accepted for the purchase and removal of a gatehouse at Bairnsdale at 15 10s Dr Astles was on Wednesday made the recipient of a silver mounted stethoscope from the members of his clinical class at the Melbourne Hospital The presentation was accompanied by the following comradely non -" Dear sir, On behalf of your Hospital class I have the pleasure of presenting a small token of esteem and gratitude for your kindness during the past year Wish me; you even success in the near election, as we would be sorry to lose your valuable instructional am, re A H Priest, Secrets rj " In the County Court before Judge Chomley yesterday, an action was brought by the National Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company of Australasia Limited to recover from James Stoddart, of East Brighton, commercial traveller, the sum of £49—£45 being the value of a gold watch and chain, and £1 being damages for illegal deten- tion Mr. Power, instructed by Messrs. J. G. Duffy and King, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. H. Barrett, instructed by Mr. A P. Agg, for the defendant. The plaintiff company sued as the admini- strators of the estate of John Stoddart, deceased, a brother of the defendant. The facts of the case were that on the 16th of March last the two brothers went to Sydney by the s.s. Burrumbeet, and that on the day following John Stoddart took ill and died. The plaintiff alleged that defendant was in possession of his brother's watch and chain at the time of his death, and had illegally detained it; but, on the other hand, the de- fendant stated that he and his brother were on affectionate terms, and that the latter presented him with the watch and chain three hours before his death. Judge Chomley gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £20, satis- faction to be entered up if the watch and chain were handed over to the plaintiff within seven days. The Chief Justice, who has been suffering from a cold during the past few days, is now much better, and will attend the Executive Council on Monday, and take up the business of the Practice Court on 1 in sday. Mails which left Melbourne by the R M S Cuzco on July 'I, and which were due in 1 on don on the 14th August, reached their des- Dilution on the date due, and the mails despatched hence July 6 by the ss.. Mariposa via San Francisco arrived in London on August 11, on which date they were due. The principal feature of Professor Kruse's matter to morrow afternoon iii the Town hall will be his performance of the Kreutzer Hints, in conjunction with Signor De Beaupuis, who has come from Adelaide expressly for this concert. Herr Kruse will also play Max Bruch's Concerto in G minor and the Romance in G major of Beethoven, willie Signor De Beaupuis, as solos, will contribute tandem A minor (Klintberg) and the Andante and Rondo Capriccioso of Mr delssohn Under the conductorship of Professor Marshall Hall the orchestra will play the overture lunn "1 mont" (Beethoven), and songs will be sung by Mininnie chase he led mines here has already been a large sale of seats for this concert A lantern lecture on "Old and New Melbourne was given by Dr Bevan in the Collins street t Inch pi ndent Church last evening. A small charge was made for admission, and the audience though not large displayed a most appreciative spirit Dr Bevan's primary object was evidently entertainment and whenever possible he introduced amusing overdoses in explaining the main) line views which Mr. Lunn represented by means of lantern slides on an unusually huge scrim Some type of pig tin a ol old Melbourne was presented, with us the old sins were contrasted Side by side with the present (la) sites the progress of 60 years or lies in " Marvellous Melbourne was conspicuously enipltastmd Tins progress the lecturer considered it) remarkable, and classed Melbourne as one of cleanest cities in the world he did not show the modem plants as they are now, but as they were some strange and stated that if our people were not so foolish as to drive away trade to Sydney we might expect soon Aylin to see the bay as busy as it was in the boom years, a remark which was endorsed by the hearty applause of the influence Amongst the star of old Melbourne were Colt's whilst, I Ingslntr Hill the first Government house, the lungs and Hobson's Bay railway station, the original Post-office, Government buildings, and Treasury, and five in Bourke and Collins Ltd etc in the early rains in display tying the c'colesiustieul afflicts! us leased famine one of the hst structures, in? , St Plltlll be a Cutliidrill, was omitted 'The lecture concluded with views suit by side of the Old Colonists' Home and Parliament house. Someparlieulnranftlieneivconcert contracts) which will hills-, disappearance iitlhi'luwn hull was laden evening will be often sung Miss Evangeline 1 Port race, the soprano of the company, is much eotl!ostoii,v\ when she was a pupil of Mininnie 1 do i II ill She made her Mini and England in 1912 limitation dine son of Mr Dunn! Mayor, and -tilistqinntb was engaged for Mr lioosiy s London Ballad Concert Miss Lil) Mood), the c intricate comes from a well known tarnish musical family), and is a sister of Madame Lunn) Mood) Her voice his contralto of goal rung', and bite is said to sing with but arti-tiefitlmg Herr Mark linoleum is one of the promising young pianists of the day, his pirloriniuieis in London, a china, uni Hi rain having In a most honourably com in still upon Heirlliitnbourg is a native of Russia, w In re his father followed the profusion of music 'The funds were driven from the at home owing to political troubles s Mark us a child divot of the whole of his 111111' to the study and practice of the at the painter Moscheles, son of the famous musician, drew the attention of Jitri Hans Richter r to the richly) endowed her an 1 iii in light r took young Hambourg to Vu una and place (1 him under I i.ehct/lty iii lost leaving for that c Hi he appeared in London and the provinces as a prodigy On the emphasis of his sunlit- he appeared in a mine and Berlin, unit then went to London. In response to use it appear futile as a totutuittt'f (or (mills to run a The Kits em on Parker and Dr strong from the, facility tin) him iiiciirrii'in cou in line till It flu. I,, i I HI. to Mr Dunn was to have a call of time I ill- will); iidilillouiil-inns -In the Uti Llr Slroui,-Ml* sale J., s Mlsiiruiii.0 ii, I I directed a misprint, the Buteshire of the Trade Union of noticed in the. nature, of Un loot tralian desire not to tin Curlewis required consenting nulli filled-in) In JU Irons of village) life count running, of it Vian -' Xlnl this but tine-, interest ming when office lining is at liiunuIielittcrH uni brief-, but brilliant Vlillioiirui h convince-,! time, in the limit of all sections of the high and the militia go with), it in line, with of That tin has sent a rebellion that is on certain books and kIioik hIioiiI 1 I i r line I, in in in in House of the new stud anomalies of Die thrill Rainhill rolls! I) colllliliijaioneH steelworks, should be VI in I iv next will be the last ten (or receiving U ml« 11 for the Hourly of i in tons of tin is to the. Joint no) falling Iloxpiui] I'lirlleuliirti are silver Uro lin S (1 VI'I been principal of the Public) terms I uliiK Coal... Bill and a (iii or before the Mimi Asso station this evening In the Annual Iv hill on the healths of the church l) Aiiiiibuuutla All ministers will 1 shilling are missing He Vliyorisiul Kicliinoiiil (Uni I I Juco) h lin ringing out the local town hall) yesterday afternoon, William wiuultuiiiliil li) iiintiritHOf .1,01.din has no meaning! to nitUv that the jurors who nationality at the irhtCivil Conn before Mr Justice Holroyd yesterday, and who were di hurried until this morning, will not In required to admit into court nulli Monday that it hill ii at 111 o'clock TO DAY'S ARRANGEMENTS. Montgomerie's Brewery Company) Meeting, Young and Jackson's Hotel, l p m University) 1 Extension Lecture, "Some Principles of 'taxation," Assembly) Hall, Collins-street 8 p in Trades hall Council Meeting, '1 Trades-hall, 8 p m. Meeting, Carlton-hall Princes street, to arrange for penny section cuba, 8 p.m. Law List -See Law Notices, page 5 Auction Sales. See Abstract, page 2 