-I am, &c;, VANDYCK'S GHOST. Sir—Thanks are due to you for opening your columns to the art correspondence. After reading the letters and being struck with the diversity of opinions therein ex- pressed I took an opportunity of making a visit to the exhibition to ace the pictures. I passed through the gallery in the main hall, and saw nothing to arrest my attention, except a number of pictures re presenting a variety of eobject? ■in their normal moods—landscapes that looked lik? a representation of nature, and Sgureineces monotonously like the human being. Having scrutinised this section and pronounced it de cidedly dull and conventional, I adjourned to the Eastern Airnm, where the rejected pictures ate hung, and there a new -era seemed to dawn upon me. Here was something fresh, something new and original, nature depicted in its untrammelled eccen tricities. As I studied the many pathetio subjects " hung" upon the walls, a mine of thought was opened up before me, and for the first time I realised that part of an artisfa mission ia to portray the sad side of life. Among the various "works of arf* there is a poor old gentleman bent win years, sorrowfully gazing at an abnormal development in bisTjands. Several delicate passages in the flesh tints show where the briny tears have trickled down the rugged cheeks. This picture moved me convulsively, and, as Mark Twain says, "I never had to chew leather to get a soul, I was bom with one." There is another very touching canvas that riveted me to the spo£ "A" Newsboy Selling the Exprat." This picture expresses the light and heavy side of nature, inasmuch as one ox the wiirwi***™ feat is almost worn away—at least at the toes— whilst the other poor foot is cruelly swelled and blistered through continual contact with the hard roads and the elements. Many object lessons can be drawn from tins "wurk of art." The lad, inw****"l of being discon certed at his environment, is contentedly OTTniiing at a saveloy, which the artist has dexterously placed where the thumb ought to be. Oh, it's very subtle aad clever. I men tion these points, as they have evidenUybeen overlookedby the selection committee. There are many other pictures that I am inclined to think the committee have "overlooked." Take for instance the snow scenes. Surely they deserve commendation on account of* their originality; the snow is evidently too deep to allow a. person to walk properly, and the ingenuity of man at once asserts it?elf. xou see by the tracks in the snow that the figures are proceeding l-y a series of little jumps, otherwise "kangarooingit." I say again did the selection committee notice these.* original points, and if so why did they not encourage the artist by bang ing his "work of art" in the best light? I was glad, from an educational standpoint, at being able to see these pictures, as they are entirely new in manipulation and grotesque in composition, with the salient features of "strong originality"—in fact, something out of the dull beaten track. For instance, there are "cows" eating the corn in the ear—very dangerous for the cows. Still original. Other cows appear to be suffering from tuberculosis. Others have xen operated upon on various parts of their anatomy, causing Bharp angles to contrast graceful curves—tricky, yet clever. In conclu sion I would advise all lovers of "art" to visit this chamber and inspect the works that have been "fired" out by tie selection committee. It's a great show, and the "frames" alone are worth the money. 