Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items :— Princess Alexandra, daughter of the Duke of Coburg, is betrothed to the Hereditary Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg. The bride-elect is 17 and the Prince 32. . Wilhelmina of Holland, the only female sovereign in Europe reigning in her own right besides Queen Victoria, has just completed her fifteenth year. The Queen has such an objection to the fumes of tobacco or cigars that smoking is strictly forbidden at Windsor, Balmoral, and Osborn. The Princess of Wales, writing in an album of confessions, says her favourite dish is Yorkshire ' pudding. .''.''.'.'' ~' Madame Patti attributes her exceptional health and youtbi ulness to enough sleep — nine hours. It cost £80,000 to entertain the Kaiser for a few days on his recent visit to Westmoreland, including £50,000 expended on decorating the castle. The BiBhop of Carlisle has been lamenting the dis use of the needle by the ordinary housewife. The Bishop admits that he sews on his own buttons. Saturday, September 7, was the 40th anniversary of the fall of Sebastopol. Over 12,000 school children took part in the open ing of the playground of 100 acres, valued at £70,000, which, an anonymous donor has presented to Waver tree, Liverpool. The London and North-western performed the unprecedented feat of running a train from London to Carlisle, 300 miles, without a stoppage. The average speed was 50 miles an hour. Nearly 60,000 people witnessed a remarkable fire work display at the Crystal Palace on the occasion of Brock's benefit. There was a gigantic wheel in fireworks, and a portrait of Lord Salisbury merged into one of Mr. Gladstone. A bouquet of frozen lilies, enclosed in a block of ice, has beeu received by the Queen from Australia. A cannon ball of granite, believed to haw been fired during the Spanish Armada, has been found in a cavity at the foot of Beacby Head. Valuable finds of Elizabethan coins took place at Chester and Oxbridge. A sunflower at Brighton stood nearly 10ft. high, the bloom being 21in. in diameter and 61in. in cir cumference. Last year, in England, 1191b. of meat was con sumed per head of the population. Last year 1115 persons were killed on the railways of the United Kingdom, and 4120 injured. One passenger was killed out of 7,789,854 journeys. The Birmingham magistrates are endeavouring to put down the use of bad language in the streets by inflicting heavy fines. At Totnes an agent was fined for selling tickets with tea entitling the purchasers to a chance in a drawing for 100 guineas. A London magistrate told a man of colour that there waB no law to prevent boys calling him nick names in the streets. A wife complained to a magistrate that her husband would not speak to her. Another magistrate informed a wife that a summons could not be issued against her husband for remain ing out late at night. A twelve-year-old girl in America weighs no less than 3101b. She walks three miles a day, rows on the river, and plays with her echoolmatee, An American millionaire has forwarded a Sedan chair of solid silver to the Pope. The crime cure is the latest idea in America. A tfew York doctor professes to cure law-breakers of their habits, all crime being regarded by him as a disease. .. An American is studying the language of house flies, which, he says, can be distinctly heard by means of a microphone. American girls are said to be fully keeping pace with their Ecglish sisters in increase of stature. The average skirt measurement, which a few years ago was 42in., is now 45in. An American gentleman desired to see his two daughters married before his death, which was be lieved to be imminent. The arrangements were com pleted within five hours, and the brides were given away and blessed by the dying father. Mr. Edison's front gate swings open at the ap proach of a visitor, and closes automatically. A step in the porch rings a servants' bell «nd also a bell in the master's study. An electrical musical-box plays during dinner. In the bedrooms the folding beds unfold by electricity ; and sometimes .when Mr. Edison is in a mood for practical jokes his guests are scared by the presence of electrical ghosts at the foot of their bedsteads. Teams compete with the rail for wool haulage from WharparQla on the Murray to Melbourne, a trip of 150 miles: Farmers on the Murray flats of South Australia have much to contend with. The recent drought has so dried the sandy soil that the wheat crop in several instances has been blown away. One farm of 1000 acres cropped has fully one half of the wheat blown out of the ground. 