Ghosts. l'he more superstitious ot our resi dents have during the paet week been mucti perturbed In mind over the al leged appearance of visitors from the spirit world at Croom Park. At the witching hour of night when church yards yawn and the graves give up their dead, some unhallowed sprites stalk the shadows of the wooded hills near Mrs Lean's residence at Pig Tree at least so we are credibly informed. It seems that Messrs. Burton Bros, and Mr Sam. Lowry have been camped in a small gully at the spot referred to, for several weeks For some time pasttljeir peapeful slumbers have been disturbed by noises, strange and un canny, as if some tortured soul was struggling to free itself from the tor ments of hade?. The grievous com plainings of a fretful she bear was blamed for the disturbances, but a few nights ago Mr Burton states that he felt something olammy and with a chill of dpatb( on his brow. Looking up from his broken slumber he beheld the grinning face and protruding teeth of an old aboriginal bending over him. He immediately sprang up, and tbe unwelcomed visitor vanished. He se cured a 6 chambered revolver next day and cautioned his mates that if they were playing a ' lark ' on him be would put a few pellets of lead in the perpetrator. The next nig^: lie was awakened by a Presence nqpr h*m. In the shadows of darkness be shw dis tinctly the figure of an olA man./sad aud weary, silhouetted agafhst the tent dqor. Springing up, he followed the ghostly visitant outaidp, and there the figure stqod with folded arms and gazed at him mournfully. Ife called to it, and receiving no reply, he emp tied the contents of his revolver at the figure, which simply moved stealthily away and vanished in the brush close by. Before Mr Burton could recover from bis consternation the shadowy apparition appeared leading in each band the form of a child. Determin ing to solve the mystery he walked to warde them, but the figures turned and vanished into tho scrub again. Some nights the noises were such that the whole camp were awakened and sleep made impossible. At last the party resolved to ghift their tent, and although they are not trqubled so much by the uncanny noises and sprcams, the figures of the old man and children are Irequently to be seen. During several nights parties of young men from Dungog visited £he locality and Bqme sat watchjng far into the morn ipg, but 'no stnjpg'e njanifestatious were seen: If the statements of tlje Messrs Buytpn are to be believed— apd they are sober, steady and truth ful meu— it is hard to give any ex* planation of the phenomena, unless -we agree will1 t'10 ^'inl of '* Avon,' that there ore more things 'twixt heaven and earth than is dream't of ib our philosophy. 