BREVITIES. Granville Piratos played a draw with Pyr mont Rangers II in the first junior competition serai-final on Saturday. The matoh will be ro-playod to-day and the local team have a Rood chance. They have boon in hard training all tho week. Luat Saturday's match looked a soft thing for Granvilles at first but it turned out differ ent. The Pyiinont8 played any how in the first half but they altered things in the eeoond half. The play was very lively at the finish. It was a treat to eee Frank Vassella upset ting bifj Lyons time after time. The Balmuin burrackora all sided with tho Pirates, the Pyrinonts being unpopular m the town. The miitoh to-day will be a lively one and tho result is hard to foretell. A meotiug of the Mr. John Nobbs' election committee was held on Friday. Tho ' Bird of Freedom ' says our member is a ' political old maid.' Messrs. Cammidgo and Fewster-of Granville left for Western Australia on Friday. News from WoBt Australia says that both Herb. Longbottom and Albert Ellis are doing exceedingly well. Wages are high, but unfortunately the cost of living is in proportion. Thoro was no Iucvobbo match at Grauville again on Suturduy. One wns arranged for but fell through ou account of nomo miHunderutunding. A servico of Hong'Xruo ub Steel ' was givon iu tho Gninvillo WoBleyan Ohureh on Sunday. Tho rognlar mooting of tho Loyal Happy Momont Lodge 'U. A. O.I)., w.in hold in tho Grnnvillo School of Arts on Monday. Another mircoHsful gathiiring of tho Grnn villo School of Arts Glee Club wns hold on Fridny. This ' Gninvillo electorate political progrcsia socinty ' wnn formoii on Friday. Tho society should bn fin acquisition to tho town. Tho regular mooting of the Mo.sa Roue Ludios Lndgo, L.O.B.S., wn.s hold in tiio Gninvillo Primitive Methodist Church on Monday. Thoro wan a q;ood attondancoof mombors, but tho businoas wns mostly of a routinn chnrnotor. Tho Grnnvillo School of Arts Committee mot on Monday night and doalt with a number of matters. Sovonty now subscribers have been enrolled in tho Granvillo Sohool of Arts aiuco tho now librarian (Mr. Bolts) took office. The committeo are likoly to start a dobating sooioiy — a subcommittee to.'consider tho mattor has boon appointed. The qhildreh of the Granvillo Superior Pub lio School wero to bavo repented their enter tainment, wRich was such a suoocss a few weeke ago, in aid of tbo Granville School of Arts last (Friday) evening. A special meeting of tho subscribers of tho Granvillo School of Arts is to bo held shortly. A leoturn on geology is to bo given in tho Granvillo Sohool of Arts shortly by tho Rev. Father Ourran. A meeting of tho Granvillo Labour League was hold on Friday. Ono of tbe must prominent working members of tho Granvillo Labour League at tho last election says that Mr. Smnilea does not stand a ghost of a Bhow of being selected by the league again. They recognise that their candidate in tho future will have to be a local popular man or he will go 1o the wall against » strong opponent. They say that tho recent battle was rendered twice as hard on account of Mr. Smailea' unpopularity, and that if the league had not been at his back Mr. Nobbs would have had a walk over. ; Mr. Nobhs reokona that it was the meat works vote that put him out at last election. Only for the works he say b he would have got an easy majority. Acting on the good old motto he means to try again. A fatal cart accident occurred at Guildford on Monday. The flower beds at the Granville Park are in good condition despite the unfavorable weather. Mr. Williamson is making quite a beauty Bpot out ot tbe place. . There is room for further improvement and the Council might do worse than resume the agitation for the addition of the adjoining piece of land. The Park is big enough at present, but in time to come it will not meet tho requirements. Soms say that the land would have been resumed by the Government long ago only for tbe laziness of our member. Same new border trees are to be planted around the oval in the Park. Quite a crowd assembles in the para every Saturday to watch the Eoyal's matches. The Granvillo Labour League are to moot monthly in the future. The Granville Salvation Army are holding a series of epncinl mootings. Bookwood is in tbe throes of another muni cipal election. It is for the better or worse and the proba bilities point to the latter. Tbo nomination proceedings take place to day at noon. Alderman Kelnrm complains that he is always bring mixed up with Aldermun Duncum and Alderman Duncum says ditto. During tho four years they have been in the council they havo always been mixed up. When Alderman Duncum is away Alderman Kelman is credited in tho papers with being absent and vice versa. In an election report Alderman Kelinnn was reported to have been told to get bis hair cut instead of Alderman Duncum. Alderman Kelman says ho doesn't object to being reproBented as bald, but he wants credit when he attends counoil meetings. And tho reporters solemnly . promised to behave bettor in future. ? The trustees of the Granville Cottage hospital funds have done nothing so far towards dividing the funds. As a matter of fact they oannot. The bank has the money locked up »t interest and won't let go just at present. As soon as the money is released from the bank the meeting will be called and the distri bution deoided upon. The matter of the establishment of a publio pound in Granville has been deferred again, A recommendation from the sub- committee has been referred to the Works Committee and rumour says it will meet with an untimely end. . The Granville firemen are still in a fix about their stution. They now have to pay 8s a week rent — a thing they can't afford. At the Granvillo Council on WodnoBday a letter from the brigade stated that if they wore not found a new station they would have to disband. , The aldermen, though willing, did not know how to asaist and deferred the matter for particulars. The brigade have written to everyone who has any influence in the matter and are worry ing Mr. Sinuileb to bostir himself . If tho brigade was to be allowed to disband it would be a disgraos to the town. It is to be. hoped that a way out of the difficulty will soon present, itself. Tho Granville drumatic club have started re hearsing ' Withered Leaves.' Joe Abrahams in tho electioneering cam paign at Rookwood calls himself the working man's friend. The Overseer on Wednesday recommended tho Grauville Council to turn a night cart into u water cart. The idea is a very unsavoury one, not to say highly suggestive. But tho Oversoor would make it so that people would never recognise it. Still the sentiment of the thing would have a prejudicial effect. The Granville aldermen spoke out on Wednesday against advertising iu Sydney papers. In future advertisements are to be shared among tho local rags. An ovorhoad bridgo or subway is urgently needed at Bookwood. Tho other day u woman and child narowly escaped boing ruu over while crossing tho line. Agitutiou ought to bo made for a lock-up oither at Auburn or Kookwood, uud tho ques tion of connecting those two places and Buiika towu with Grunvillo uud Purruinattu polico stations might well bo oonuidored. With growth of population turbulent spirits will nooossui'ily bocome more numerous. Tho Uookwood Cronoont football club piny Drnmmoyno to-day at Rookwood. Tho dum nt tho Rookwood Meat Workfi, tho water for which is ucod for sluicing, oto., iH getting low. Tho local Ohinkics amuso thornsolvcs profil ;ilily by cntohing gnnd-pizrd carp in tho dam. Kx-Aldormau .Tny, of Kookwood, wns pro Ronlcd with n petition containing; nbnut 200 names, asking to contest the elections thero, but lin declined to iieek municipal lionora again. A liuly wnfl robbod ot hor purse nt Ilnolc wood ocinotory on Sunday. On Sunday » thrno-year-old child of Mr. W. Swum), of Gninvillo, ntnrtod u snnkc in the bush nt Rydnlnioro nnd clinsod it uomo dis tnnci', whipping it with a switch. Tho annko, which was n brown ono aboub threo foot long, escipod in a pilo of detain. A special meeting of tho Granvillo School of Arts hns been culled for tho purpo.so of con sidering certain matters tlmt huvo occurred during tho wook of nn unpleasant nature. Tho regular meeting of the E'irl Carnarvon Lodge of Masons wns held in tho Grnnvillo (School of Arts on Thursday ovoning. 