Short JACK PRICE. Only a Deck' Hand, -But He Gave His ' Life Foif Others. 1 ' : i . . .. :'1 ? sl#app6se not one in a thousand willcare :-;o read adeck band's ^story. People callus coarse and vulgar.; ; Granted:; but- our work makes ub so. . There are ladies, 1 fancy, ?who will shudder at the thought of such a btory, .and gehtleuien- w-bo will dip into it carefully, expecting to find:.i string of oaths. Judge for yourselves whether this ta'.e ot Jack Price,* my partner, is fit for refined ears. No need to ,tell;you of a deck hand's' life, A man that beats, about in.the cold and rain, handling sleety r-j»pes or balancing himself on the gunwale of a coal barge with'twenty feet. of swift xva'ter under bim, is not apt to be a pretty, kid-gloved, soft-voiced fellow. If his face is red it is because midwinter winds on tbe Ohio are not good for the com plexion. Hedeals with iougb work and is rough himself ; but bis heart is just about as apt to be right as that of a member of Parliament or a judge. We started from Pittsburg on the George Hammond in July, Jack and I. There was a big river, and we made good time to Louis ville, where we Bhipped on the Charley Roberts, bound for Orleans. To say _ we found it hot on the Lower Mississippi gives no idea of tbie weather. Half the crew were unfif. for duty.- ? - One morning there was a whispering 'imong the boys. ' What's up, Jack?' said I. ' Steve Habinson's down with swamp (ever.' The bojs gathered in a knot around the capstan. Before long there was a panic among them. The mate shook his head and looked thoughtful. ' The man must be put ashore,' said the captain. ' No, sir I' cried Jack Price. Who are you ?' 'Plain Jack Price; but Steve don't go ashore. It's an outrage to think of doing it.' ' Who's to nurse him t' ' Me !' ' Do you know what swamp fever isf' ' Do I know anything ?' * ' Doubtful.' ''I'll nurse Steve, I tell vou I We've made five trips together, and if he's put ashore here in the swamp I go with him.' ' You it is,' said tbe captain, turning on his heel. 'Not another man goes into Steve's state-room.' For ten days Steve's room was quaran tined. Nobody but Jack saw the inside of it. We saw him sometimes, carrying some thing to the sick man or sitting on the guards to get a breath of air ; but every soul on the boat kept out of bis wBy. Wo ail liked Jack, but the fever might be in his clothes. He began to look pale, but be never grumbled. One day tbe news came out to us that Steve was dead. A few hours after we buried him ou an island in the river in a pine box, and the only thing like a prayer said over him was from Jack : 'God help him 1' The fever did not spread, and we all breathed freer. A few evenings after Steve's death I was on watch at the head of tbe tow. and Jack was with me. We were pulling at tobies to keep off the mosquitoes. There was a haze over the water, but the stars were shining, and tbe broad river was as quiet as a lake. ?' Jack,' said I, ' I've got a raging head achs.' 'No?'' said he, as if be asked a ques tion. He took my hand and beld it. ' Not fever, is it, Jack ?' ' Come and lie down,' was his answer, A dizziness came over me, and, without Jack's arm to steady me, I would never have reached my bunk. I remember very little after that. I learned afterwards that I was delirious, but how long I can not tell you. I remem ber Jack's face near me at times -as in a dream — the kindliest face you ever saw, not handsome, may-be, but a face with seme of God's goodness in it. When I got back to reality again I found Jack bending over me. 1 was in. the same Plate- room, and I could feel from the motion that the boat was under way. ' Ilow long have I been here, Jack 1' '' Quite awhile, my boy.' ? '? And where are we?' ' Not far from Memphis.' ' Uoing up or down J' 'Gfcoing home. Don't talk i£ it tires you.' '?'What was the matter with me; Jack?' 'A touch o£ fever: but you're better now.' ' Can't I look out, Jack ? It will do me good to see the sun.' He raised , hie up' as gently as a woman would have done, and I looked out through the glass door of the state-room eagerly as a child. Had tbe sun ever shone . so brightly before ? The low wooded shores looked like paradise. No mountain stream ever seemed go beautiful to me an the great' miiddy , river. _ . , - 'Jack,' said I, when he had laid me down again, '? what can I ever do to pay you?' ? . ' Pay me for what ?' u ' Look at m.e I'm thin as a ghost. I must: have been sick a long time. You've pulled me through, Jack,' I've done nothing of the kind,' pai'1 he, laughing. 1 noticed for the first time how very thin and piucbed bis face was. It seemed as if he had grown old. *? Look at me, Jack ; you've been the best friend 1 ever had.' He made no answer, but took my hand and pressed it. It seemed as if a mist came between us, and 1 saw big tears stauding in Jack's kindly eyes. ? £ thought I'd got past this,' said he, coughing. ? ...Next day he came in smiling, with » letter and some oranges. * , . : ' 1 went ashore at Memphis, 'be explained, 'and found a letter from sister Annie, They're looking for me home.' ' : ' We.ll soon be in Pennsylvania again, Jack.' He looked me full in tbe face and smiled. His eyes seamed very large and his cheeks were bloodless. It saddened me to look at him. ' I must go now,' said he. ,(I hope you will enjoy the oranges.'' I was mending fast, and expected to be out very soon. . Jack did not come again that day. 'Next morning the cook brought me a cup of tea. '? Wncre is Jack ?' I asked. ' Busy.' . , - I thought of him *11 day, but he did not come. '? Cook,' said I, at last. ' I want you to tellme the truth about Jack.' ' ?' Don't you fret,' he answered. ' But I must know.' ' Well, he's not able to be about.' ' Where is he?' ?* wii '-?' *?' In No. 8. But you can't go near him { he's got the fever 1 Delirious? Wouldn't know his own mother !' *? Who's- nursine^him ?' 'lam — wb&fmtle; he eels. We can't make a hospital out of the Charlev Boberts.' Cook tried to stop me, but I staggered across the cabin into No. 8. ' 5 ^ I could hardly recognize Jack as he layon : the bunk, his face was so flushed and his eyes so bloodshot. ' He had' dropped down v tei» weak rotate his clothes off. I took hia hand and stood beside him. . Jack, iny, boy, what's wring I' ' ' Nothing, Sam.' ? J ; - , Sack never 6aid much. He was better at doing than saying. '' \- I looked »t the poor fellow in despair. | had never nursed a' sick person in my life. The captain came in while I sat there. : t ( «« We must have a doctor, captain, said ' Might as 'well want. a gold. mine, ' he ; re- plied. . . i ' ' But look at Jack, captain. What can we do?' ' I don't know.' V Sam, V said Jack, looking at . me with a strange' expression, ' you know my sister. Annie?' '- ' Geitainly, Jack.' ' I want you to tell me about me.' ' You will . scon see her. Jack.' ' No, Sam ; I'm going.' . «? We're both going home.' 'Yes,- going home. I'm tired I Tired 1*' ' Then rest, Jack. I shall be here.' ' Take my hand, Sam.' 'I have your hand, my boy. Try to sleep/' - 'Yes,' he went on, pointing, 'there's Annie at the door. She looks more and j more like mother as she growB older. She's glad to see me from the way she smiles.' 'Indeed she is, Jack.' ? That's Sam's voice; he got over the fever well. I believe I had it, too. Hear old Point barking at the gate ; be'6 most as glad as Annie to see me back. Ah, Sam, it's good to be back in Pennsylvania — God's country ! Annie I Annie I ' He fell back in a stupor, with his eyes set. I felt a spasm pass through his frame, after which his hand lay in mine lite a life less thing. I looked up questioningly at the captain. ' God help him I He is dead,' ' Ob, surely not!' ' Dead I' he repeated. Only when I bent over him did I believe it. Jack was dead. ' He died working for others,' said the j captain, and in Heu of better words these j must stand for his epitaph. I can only tell Jack's story in a plain way. I can not fill your eyes with tears as mine are filled, as there is no art behind my words. You read of good men — unselfish ; and heroic men that poets sing of and his torians immortalise — but here there was one . that nobody ever heard of. Who was there to read a funeral service over bim in a lonely place on the river bank next day? Who prayed over the rough pine box ? Not a prayer, not a hymn at tbe funeral ; only 6ome tears that camt. of genuine grief. We | left him there on tbe river bank with apiece . of driftwood to mark his grave, which the next flood would sweep away. I found a. little Hower growing there — a violet, I think, which I brought away for Annie. Jack was as homely a man as ever you sawf a big, raw-boned fellow, with a twinkle of the-eye that made one laugh. Had you been hunting for a man of polish and edu cation you wou d not have picked him out. His head bad not been cultivated at the expense of his heart. He ueed strong lan guage sometimes when a rope got tangled or the pumps worked hard or the coffee didn't suit him. I am not trying to picture him as perfect; I want you to know him as he was. His voice in a sick-room was as gen tie as a child's ; be bad a big, tender heart, kindlier than most women have, and a hand that served a friend until ready to drop from weariness. I remember him as he bent over me while I lay helpless with fever, a kindly light beaming in his face that beau tified it. I learned then how unselfish he was, and my heart went out to bim, as you is would- have gone had you known bim. This was Jack at his best. 