Jiems nf fjletos. Pabllament.— Substantial progress was made with tariff revision at (tbe after noon sitting of the Assembly on Thursday, but the end la not .vet. ' The duties on Oregon timber were settled, tee present duties od sawn timber -being reduced by 20 per cent., and timber in the log beiog ad mitted free. Picture-frame mouldiocs were removed from tee fixed duty to tbe 15 and 35 per cent, ad valorem list. After a lively discussion tbe Honee, by heavy apparent majorities that deterred tee Government from faking divisions, rejected tee proposals to -.tax hickory rims and to increase the duties on spokes and felloes, items iu which tbe coachbuQdihg trade is deeply interested. -Sewing twine was made subject to a 10 per cent, ad valorem, charge. Whips, after some keen .division-faking, in which tee Govern ment was defeated by 36 votes to 35, were pulled.down.feom 45'to 30 per cent-, and the discussion on '.'carriages, carts and convey ances," was commenced. The Government, following tee .Xuxff- -Board, proposed to tsdmc 'tee existxog 'heavy duties, by one-fourth, and Mr. ;M>Go11 would go to one-half. . The first -item, " Gigs, Boston chaises, dogcarts, etc," sfanda at £10 duty now, the GoyOTmratpropoaed fS, and Mr. hfColl named £o as the proper Bum, hot subsequently agreed to make it £6. Mr. MUbUliaatheyoarhbnilderwitthini, these faannfectpreis asking in Ttearh concessions .on teriryaw mhteriM. 4K Tfenwith led a otrong bpporitioh oh the afaiunption that 1'mtetoa|«8do>btiihaHteind tiieir businessio weUisbe does:' ; The voting was 36 to 36: and7.tee Ghte'man, following tee usual practice, gave hie casting vote for the higher : do ty, -stnting teat the question of loweru)g tee dhty to ;£G«onld be again con sidered ontee report. The Commissioner of XuBtom», however, -mggtefcd teat a eom- |irotnise jshonld be arrived afclaiid tee duly unateesfaon com- ten mm- if®:.-- A Ruffled Meeting. — Certain ratepayers in every municipality regard their representative Council in tbe light of a Society full of ways that are as dark as tbe night's Plutonian shore and tricks as deep at Lake Tahoe. They see in tbe qniet orderly business-like way in which many old Councillors conduct their transactions, a menace to the interests of the muni cipality, tbe still water of the surface con cealing murky designs in its impenetrable depths. Very often the new Councillor lending his ear to these fearsome tales, has a mission to disturb the limpid surface and bring the mad np in a seething mass before the pnblic gaze. And tbe fact that the latest choice of tbe electors often suc ceeds is an incontrovertible proof of the wisdom of in trouncing new blood into the sluggish body. The proceedings at the most i scent Dundas Shire Council meetings afford a case in point. Hardly a meeting goes by without its exposures, and its storms since Cr. Young came to the table, and it must he said that in the stirring sp process tbe new Councillor has been singu larly successful. The chief iniquity of the old Coancil has been its deter mination to stand by its officers nntil the latter have been proved unworthy to fill their positions and incapable of earning their salaries. Naturally this sort of thing called for a few storms, and the new. counoillor has rivalled Prospero in his magnificent manipulation of the elements. At tbe July meeting Cr. Yonng produced an earthquake in the shape of a charge to the effect that the Engineer had giren in structions to Harrip, a day labour man, to have 10 chains of road made, applied for by Mr. .1. Crawford, which the Conncil had decided against. Following the earthquake came tbe tidal wave, for Cr. Young gave Harrip as bis authority for his statements, and with a few electrical effects thrown in, the disturbance was a grand one. Some body certainly ought to have been either submerged by the wave, swallowed np by the earthquake, or destroyed by one of Cr. Youne's oratorical 'thunderbolts. But the shellfish tenacity with which old councillors adhere to their evil echemes was proof even against these disturbing influences. On Thursday last the Engineer produced a let ter from Harrip giving a point blank de nial to the whole of Cr. Y'onng's statements and tbe Conacil, with the exception of Cr. Young, actually accepted the explanation. The latter called npon the purifying ele ments of disorder once more, bat had hardly ranged his artillery before the Presi dent basely spiked his guns by insisting upon his withdrawal of a statement re flecting npon other councillors, and which was proved at the table to be incorrect. Cr. Yonng then endeavonred to work up his original effects by again asserting that Harrip had made tbe statements to bim,but after a few lively flashes the storm died away. The pnblic will eagerly anticipate the new member's next snccess in the direction of agitating the teacup. The Police Magistracy. — We are informed that Mr. Johns, P.M.,has received notice of his removal from Hamilton, and his permanent appointment at Mary borough. In oar last issne we stated that, the Hon. N. Thornley had expressed his determination of having the removal of the magistrate brought before the legisla tive Council. The following notice of motion appears npon the business paper of the House for Tnesday, the 6th Angnst : — " The Hon. N. Thornley to move that there be laid before this House a copy of all the correspondence, including the reports from tbe Clerk of Courts and the Police Magis trate, in the Department of the Solicitor- General, relating to the removal of a Police Magistrate from the Western District. The Case of Mrs. Campbell. — Tbe treatment of a Mrs. Campbell, of Eden- hope, at tbe local Hospital a short time back gave rise to some discussion, in con sequence of a letter which Mr. Campbell addressed to thepnblic through our columns. In coosequence of this the committee in structed the Secretary to send a fnll ex planation of the circnmstances to the Kowree Sbire Council and that body con sidered the matter at its meeting last week. The Secretary has now received the follow ing reply from the Kowree body : — " Presi dent and Committee of District Hospital, Hamilton. — Gentlemen, — I have the honor by direction of the Kowree Shire Conncil to thank yon for the full and explicit explana tion tendered concerning. -the treatment recently received by the patient, Mrs. Mar garet Campbell, of Edenhope, at your in stitution ; and to state that the explanation is considered by the Council as highly satis factory to tbero and creditable to the Hos pital authorities. Herewith 1 return the original correspondence relating to the matter. — I have the honor to be, gentlemen, you most obedient servant. P. J. Ccmjoks, 8birc Secretary. Unprotected Labourers. — We b&ve; several times urged that the law should protect the labonrer who works on contracts to the extent of making wages a first charge on the amounts due to the con tractors for work carried out. A case which promptly illustrates the necessity for legis lation in this direction has just cropped np at Warrnambool. The contractors for a bridge over the Hopkins River appear to have lost money on the contract, for they gave orders on the amonnt owing by the Council to them, amounting to £723 7s lOd, while the snm actually dne to them was £316 16s 3d. It was natnrally suggested that the fairest way to settle the difficulty would be to dis tribute tbe available amonnt in the form of a dividend amongst all the creditors. But this course could not be followed ac cording to law, and the Coancil was advised that the orders . given amounted to an as signment of the money, and that the otder given first should be satisfied in fall tilt tbe total was exhausted. The first six orders were paid aud the money was gone, leaving the whole of the wages, amounting to £111, < still unsettled. In this case the disadvan tage at which the labonrers were placed is very clearly shown by the fact that the orders which were satisfied were given be fore the work was completed, and probably before the men had earned their money. Meteorological. — We are indebted to Mr. A. S. Workman, Warden of tbe Hamilton College, for the following : — The weather for the month of Jnly just past preaenta two striking features. Firstly, a fall of snow amounting to about half-an- ioeh fell on the nigbt ot the 21st, no snow having previously fallen in Hamilton for seven years. Secondly, the amount of rein fallen has exceeded the average for the last 25 years by over an inch. The gauge re cords for the month 364 inches, while the average is 2'52. Two depressions ap proached Hamilton during the month, the first passing over on tne 14th, when, the glass fell to 2S"96, and 71 points of rain fell. . The second, approaching at the end of the month, bringing heavy rains and wind; re-, suited in a fall of 85 points, which axe placed to tbe credit of the first day; of , August. The highest temperature recorded was SS'Fabr. on the 9th of the month, and the lowest, 32 Fahr., on the 22nd. The prevailing wind was north veering' to' N.N.W. and N.W. A Burglar's Trick. — Theingenious and unscrupulous devices resorted to by burglars to enBure safe entrance into the houses they propose to operate npon are legion, bat one jnst revealed in Sydney must be given a first place for daring and cruelty. The incident is related in the following letter from a -Hamilton young' lady, who is visiting her married sister in one of the suburbs of Sydney, to her friends here:—1 "We had a terrible experience last week. On Monday morning I went into town, and on returning I found the maid like a ghost, and ho terror-stricken that she conld hardlyspeak. A. hadreceiveda telegram — 1 Fred her husband) met with accident. . Taken, to Prince Alfred... Hos pital. Come qbk&dyf; htod signed Arthur Bennett.' There is a Dr. Dennett in that Hospital, so A-— T.-Jhinking the trifgrain was from him/and knowing lie wooldhbt put 'come quickly' unless it werevery urgent, rushed off in a-state ; qf distinction, accompanied by Mrs. B., a fririid. - Tbe Hospital is miks tiie btber side of Sydney. When they aaived thris they were told that no Mc. — - vMs;fitem. TTmy timn drove poetihastete eMtheothex.Hpitale, but without success, and at laiit Uroagbt jof going to Fred's office, -jvfarin his. blerim would surely know, yrtiie Tie bras taken. There they. fonodiFtrf MuItewellindat half honte result that a man is now arrested. He'did exactly the same thing to a lady living in Bon Accord Avenue, bat the telegraph people, becoming suspicious of these tele-, grams, delayed this one, and telephoned to the detectives. The burglar went to the bonse,' and as the lady, happened to be out, proceeded with his burgling. Then the telegraph boy took the telegram up, which was actually received by the burglar himself ! The police who followed the boy, immediately arrested him. They fouud heaps of stolen goods in his posses sion. He was foiled in his attempt at onr house, as there were too many people about. He evidently expected that A— j — would take the children in to see the last of Fred, and leave the house locked. Then ' would be his opportunity. As it happened there were more than usual in the house, for some friends who called in the after noon, remained, moxiouB to hear further news. The police are beeping tbe arrest quiet, in order to try ana catch his ac complices. Fred was greatly petted when be came home, we both really thought he was dead, so he received great attention for about three days, but we are now get ting need to having him alive again." Horticultural Improvement So ciety — The ordinary monthly committee meeting of this Society was held in Thorold Buildings last evening. Mr. W. H. Mel ville, Vice-President, occupying the chair. Letters were read from the Royal Horti- : cultural Society of Victoria, stating that the Committee regretted that they conld not support the proposal of introducing a Society Prize, and from the Hamilton Borough Conncil, . informing the Society . that they conld not see their way clear , to grant a rebate on the rent paid for the town hall on the occasion of tbe last show. Both letters were received. As the next monthly show wonld be held only a few nights before the coming Bnlb Show, it was decided that the former should lapse, but that the committee meet ae usual. The question of getting prize tickets printed was referred to the printing committee. : The Secretary was instructed to make inquiries with reference to renting the Forrester's Hall for the Bnlb Show. It was resolved to call tenders from the various bands for playing half an- hoar outside the hall on the night of the | Show. The appointment of judges at tbe Show was left to next meeting.' Stewards were appointed, after which the meeting went into committee to discuss the prize schedule. The monthly show was a small one, there being only five entries in cat flowers and six in pot ptants, bat each of the two classes contained , some very good exhibits in every respect. Mrs. Dnnnon showed a dish of really , line lemons. The following iB a list of. the entries and the points awarded to each, viz.: — Gnt flowers— Mr. A. M'Donald, 6 cat flowers, 7 points. Mr. W. H. Melville, C cut flowers, 7 do; 3 bulbs, 5 do. Mr. W- Carter, 1 chrysanthemum, 4 do. Mrs. J. W. Dunnon, 3 cat flowers, 5 do. Pot plants — Mr. C. A. Wiggins, 1 cyclamen, 12 do ; 1 foliage plant, 10 do. Mr. W. Betta, 1 primula, 11 do ; 1 daphne, 10 do. Mrs. Dunnos, 1 epiphyUum, 12 do. Mr. E. Friend, 1 fern, 12 do. Frnit— Mrs. Dunnon, i dish lemons, 12 do. The Diphtheria Cases in the Hospital. — We are informed that the girl Hadden, from Cavendish, who has lately undergone an operation at the Hamilton Hospital for diphtheria, and on whom the new treatment with antitoxin has been used, is still progressing very favour- ably, and is making great strides towards j recovery. The medical attendant was able ; to remove the tube from her throat on ; Wednesday, and no serious results from this fell disease are feared. The girl's mother and sister, who bad also been treated with antitoxin, are approaching . com plete recovery. In connection ' with these cases we may state that the Health Officer has forwarded a report to the Board of Health of IbeDaudas Shire, which discloses a most deplorable in sanitary condition of the premises on which the Hadden family resides. Such gross neglect of cleanliness, if not to say in decency, conld have no other tresu!t than tbe ontbreak of diphtheria . or tever, and in the interests of pnblic health id tbe town ship mentioned, it is to he hoped that the , Inspector will insist upon a radical change, j The Wahrnambooi Fires. — At last two arrests have been made in connection with the long series of fires which have alarmed the residents and baffled enquiry for weeks past. On Thnreday night jnst before 12 o'clock, the police arrested two yonng men named George Campbell and Samnel Stainsby and locked them np on the charge of having fired several buildings in Warrnambool. Campbell is 25 years of age, and Stainsby about 19. The latter follows the occupation of a bootmaker and Campbell is an assistant draper) and the police are supposed to be in possession of information which connects the two with the sensational outbreaks of fire. They wrre brought befure the local Court yester day and remanded. | Mr Lloyd's Teip. — Mr. R. L. ' Lloyd, on obtaining aix months' leave of absence from his duties as Manager of the : National Bank at Hamilton, very wisely determined to make a sea trip in order to thoroughly recuperate and rest. He decided npon visiting the South Sea Islands daring his absence from Hamilton, and npon start ing as soon as business arrangements wonld permit of bis departure. Mr. Lloyd will leave Hamilton on Tnesday next and will safl for the South Seas in the Tavinni on the 14th inst. The voyage and visits to the Islands will not occupy the whole of his | holiday and be will return on the 1st Novem- j ber to Yictoria, when his numerous friends will hope to meet him once more thoroughly restored to health. The English Rouse of.Pbes — Under this title Mr. J. G Lowrv read a paper before the Hamilton Branch, A.N. A., on Thursday evening. The subject was treated from the historical, political and several other points of view by Mr. Lowyy, who condensed a great deal of highly in teresting matter into half -an-honr's reading, togetherwitirinnch intelligent comment on the subject. There was a good attendanoe of members and visitors, and the paper was most warmly received. Very little discaEsion followed, there being apparently none of the advocates of Government by a single chamber' present, and after some complimentary references, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Lowry on the motion of the Rev. C. Pickering, seconded by Mr. Hagelthorn... Mr. Lowry)a >aper haS/jiQen handed to us for publication, and 'the first instalment appears in this isme, and will be followed by tiie final one on Tuesday next. The Hospital Ball. — It would ,seem that the mass of solid- argument, Learned reasoning and Scriptural reference to which this matter gave rise in' jbnr columns recently, was- wasted npon on- heedingtninds. Apparently the controversy proved about as. useful as many similar" disputations, unless it can be said to have proved. a benefit to the community by proving that dancing is a harmless and innocent amusement. Whatever the result, a lorge nnmber of philantiuopioaOy-" disposed ladies and gentlemen have formed themselves into a committee to successfully carry put the arrangements for a Hospital Ball' on the first night of the Show (Wed nesday, SeptemberTl), "end a Children's; Ball on Thursday-night-tha 12th Septem ber, for children up to the age of seventeen. . Both : balls will )be what, .'sue ;kno"wn ;as ! plain and fancydresahelisV'and ho 'doubt advantage will be taken of the arrangement; by many "dancers to enliven the haU-roomj scenes with handsome <oostnmes. .. .f -3a 3? ootball.— The , "eepotiil ; inatclL , in; the second round f jlhe ;'|omd Premiership will take place ibis ,A£terobort v;in the Friendly Societies' ground. The contesting teams are ihe.Coin!fiaed..6chools and Bonth Hamilton, Mdae"; there isgreat interest taken in the inatchixio donb't there will be a large attdance" to wateh the game. Simula , South Hamiltoii jrove yictoMiis, .There WiU' be > r large jaseeiSnbJage on Hie groiuifl toext 1 Wednesday ; tdatch 'theigo "between ihwi- iSi Boutii Hamilton healninU fcTepRxenttja i£a afterhSop b y Competition Against the Kail- ways. — When the Commissioners visited Nhill recently they were urged to reduce railway rales, but it will be within tbe recollection of all that they promised no re lief whatever, and stated that, before any redaction could be made in freights, there wonld have to be an increase in traffic (says the Moil.) Disgusted with the position taken np by the Commissioners, and being unable to longer suffer the payment of ex cessive freights, the business people here on Tnesday decided to combine and get their i goods forwarded to Berviceton and bave them carted thence to Nhill by teamsters. By purchasing goods in Adelaide) or by bnying in Melbourne and having them sent by water to One .of the South Australian ports, and thence over the railways of tile neighbouring colony to Serviceton, a big saving in freight can be effected by business people. On Tnesday it was agreed to take the fullest possible advantage of this iu view of the determination of the Railway Department to adhere to extortionate rates. Hitherto only a few of the business people have hecn getting their goods carted from Serviceton, tut there is every likelihood now of the competition aeainsttlie railways being carried on on an extensive scale. A Modest Little Wedding. — The marriage of a granddaughter of the late William Vanderbilt, whose mother is the sister of the reigning Vanderbilt brothers, has been the social sensation of the month (writes the New York corres pondent of the Argus). The bride, Florence Adele Sloane, is really a beautiful young womau.and it may be remarked that if her mother should lose her fortune of 20,000,000dol. two of her uncles, whose united accumulations amount to about 200,000,O00doL wonld stand between her and poverty. Both of tbe parents -of the- bridegroom, who bears the name of Burden, are millionaires, their comparatively modest competencies having been gained in the iron and steel industry, and the bridegroom is a young man of education, who does not intend to be a drone. A conservative estimate of tbe aggregate of the fortunes represented by the gnests is 800,000,000 dollars. The bride's trousseau cost 40,000 dollars, and she received gifts of jewellery and plate valued at 500,000 dollars. The marriage took place at the beantif al country seat of the Sloanes, in rural Lenox, on the Berkshire Hills, about one hundred miles north of the city. Special trains from the Van derbilt railroads carried the millionaires from town, and one entire train was re quired for the roses, lilies and palms which the greenhouses and gardens of Lenox conld not snpply. The happy pair will soon sail for Japan. The Postal Arrangements. — The latest alteration in the train service has made it possible for a mail to be delivered in Hamilton on Monday mornings from Ararat. The first delivery will be on Mon day next. This will mean that letters posted in Melbourne on Saturdays will reach Hamilton on Monday mornings in stead of in the evenings as before. The slight advantage to business people here is not a concession on the part of the authori ties but a natural outcome of a new distor tion of the railway time table. 