'I & midnlglit I Shall Remember. . Jack Templeton had been my closest friend boyhood,. was. my'clierlshcd'cpmpdnton in ( (lie days' of -our early manhood at'college', mid . 'ny delightful correspondent during :tho ten / years that had gone sinco the olosoof tbo nappy period of student -life. , This corres pondence bad hot boon tho only communion- don between ua, for we' agreed, on tbo final leave-taking .of our old college quarters, that 1 flslto on e'achbtbcr should be kept up, Jack ietting aside at least two weeks in one year to bo spent with me; wherever I should bo settled, and tho year following I wns to visit aim for. ii Bliort season.. Tbis arrnngoment bad been observed by both with punctuality and regularity," and' we bccamo . well no- qualnted' with each other's' mode living, occupation and surroundings. ' Jack was a physician in Greenwich. Anyoho knowing him during the character-forming period of ais life would have marked him for a future physician. Ho possessed these traits of char acter, thoso oddities of native disposition which mean strong individuality. Ho was dryly humorous in his ordinnry conversation, .eandod in his intercourse with his acquaint- ' "ancea, cheerful enough on occasion, ingenious in his estimato of people, not by any means brilliant, but studious and determined, espe cially so when concerned in tbo investigation of subjects belonging to the obscure ana hav ing (V dash of tho mysterious. To bim tbo Greek griimmar nnd Latin construction wero dull plodding, but mathematics, and especi ally the study of muntnl solcnce and of those questions tbo solution of which involves an . exploit into tho depths of psychology, wero to bim a genuine pleasure. Exploring tbo mystericB of the human mind was that which made up tlio texture of bis thoughts By day and wns apt to woavo tho fabric of bis dreams by night. A trick of magic, no matter how obscure, did not interest bim be- causo there was no pretence that its operation depended on anything but somo clever . mechanical contrivance or sleigbt of band. Such tbings'were .lacking in tnnt essential, tho supernatural, whicb bo absorbed bis every . thought. But an exhibition of mesmerism fillod bim with wonder. for ho recognized iu it the manifestations of the unseen workings of tho human mind, and much of bis time was spent in the stucfr of its strange pheno mena. It was his claim that could . mesmcr- ism becomo other tbnn tho ungnvornablc tiling it now is and bo brought under the sub jection of tho human will, It would prove not only a mighty aid in medicine and sur gery, but would very likely afford an explora tion of those strange mental conditions whicb 10 puzzle the world to-day. Having a mind thus fashioned it was the most natural thing tor Jack to take to medicine as a profession— 1 medicine in its broad sense,, the enthusiastic study of which will gratify the thinking man 'n bis search for fight upon the intimate and the intricate relation of tho human body to tho human soul. I The newspapor field had been chosen by mo ns the ono in which I would exploit what ever of learning nnd energy and determinn- .lion I possessed, nnd at this time I wiis en gaged on a morning daily in a vigorous pro vineint town, | It was J ack's yenr to visit mo, and tho time . Deing at hand when ho might be looked for 1 bad completed tho few preparations about ray bachelor belongings which his enmiuo 1 would mako necessnry, so I was not surprised when just at twilight ono evening in July he samo in upon me, sitting alono, in meditative mind, in my Becond- story flat apartments. Not surprised, I say. At tho timo, truly I was hot. I remember the dateof his coming, It was Friday night, the 12th of July, 1877, a fact which in tho light of what followed I had good reason to romamber. Our greetings were as cordial as usual, our handshaking as vigorous, and our mutuul Inquiries about the things that hod come into our li ves since the Mait meeting were ns rapidly and enthusiasti cally spokcn'ns' ever. 'My' owii exporionccs \- for the twelvemonth, commonplace and com paratively uneventful, wore soon told, but what they lacked in novelty and volume was oinde up by the perfect avalanche of incident rncl adventure Jack had to rotate of himself. Ho told me thnt night tlio details of experi ment after experiment ho had mado with tho auman physical organism; how ho had tested and analyzed and theorized in his endeavor to sift down, 'satisfactorily to himself the grand mystery of what portion of a man's body .was most closoly related to his soul ; what ono of the various systems in the auman framework gave Bhapo, and motion, and energy to the sublimo thing, mind. This was bis hobby. Ho did not spare me. He novor did spare mo whon thus oceupled. Ho had becomo accustomed to having me in dulge bim when on his favorite theme. In this connection he had many nowintc resting stsrlca to tell about mesmerism and what ha called his measureless possibilities. lie re lated how he, while iu the mtsmcrlo sleep, at ' the will of a person who possessed the power of putting ono undor its influence, bad been sent, at tho instance of a third person, a stranger, to a far distant city where ho had .never been bpfore, not, at least, in tho ordi narily understood sense of being, and had described scenes and objects about the streets of that city accurately enough to bo easily recognized by the third person.- whose dome it was. Several tests of this kind had been mnde, each time with'the most astonish ing -rcatflts. Jack's enthusiasm in tho nar ration' was only equalled by the readiness with wbieh he came to his conclusion, that she mind of tho mesmerized subject had. uu- Qomuored bv matter, timo or Bunco, beon -transported at the will of a designated 'per son to a place choson by that person, nnd be ing present in that place had, of oourse, ac tually seen subjects there, and, easily enough, could tell of them ; in other minds the' ob jects had mado their impressions on that mind, and, that mind, returning to Its acous- .totned habitation, tbo subject's body, could readily give account of thoso impressions. " And," he added, with a peculiar Irapres- siveness in his voice, " I beiievo that if the conditions are favorable tbo subject -under tho influence of this subtle something can be 1 transported in spirit to a distant place, can see and talk with a second poison, and this . visit with all its incidents will be to that second porson in everything Important an absoluto reality— so real that ho will novor . feel those unpleasant sensations that accom- " uoii ui o Ltuicu uualJjr YiBlimiUUB Jack's conclusions and the earnestness of .his manner were largely interesting to me, and although I instinctively inclined to the natural view of things — a view emphasized by n calling denting chiefly with the real affairs of this life — had but little belief in anything that could not be explained by causc9 wo call natural nnd are cosily under stood, nnd would discredit the testimony of any person, no matter hownear to me, if that testimony conflicted with what seemed to mo reasonable, still Jack's seriousness and honesty strangoly impressed me thnt night, and I con fessed to him thnt what could not bo proved need not necessarily be doubted ; that there wero likely stranger things on earth alone than wero known of ; and then with a wish to: diami83tbe wholo subject for one moro \- cheering I asked about soma acquaintances I had in Greenwich, his homo, to whioh inqui ries ho responded nnd in turn asked for my father's family, who still livo on tho old homestead, a few miles away from the city of my residence. I replied by aranuging with Jack right there for a visit together to our early home, and straightway penned a note to my sister tolling of bis coming, of onrcon- plated visit home, and that arrangements might be made for our Btny for a brief season, I scaled this 1 otter, with Jack's assent to the arrangement itconvoyed, stamped it ond put ' it in tho poslal box just outside iny door. ' Tho night was wearing on and bed was inggCBtod, bo with many pleasant anticipa tions of whnt tho succeeding days had in itore for us. Jack said good-night and wont to liis bedroom, previous visits having made oim acquainted with my apartments. Tho night passed uneventfully, not even n itray rcminiseenco of the evening's talk in terfering frith tho Bonscs' oven repose. 1 ' woke at 7 o'clock, dressed, thought of tlio planned visit home and tho many agreeable filings it promised. I did not hasten to rouso Jacx. oonsideratoly thinking that the tatigues of bitf long journey nnd thu late lioiir tf retiring would prepare him for a prolonged ffiSt. Mora tbah an; bouy passed aud I began to fcel'the need of eating, and was promising adyself the fall enjoyment of a breakfast with ' Jack for my company ; so I wont to his bed- room to j call him. My astonishment waa jictty evident whon opening tho doorJhck waa not J n the room, nnd what wlw stranger (till, nothing it contained indicated that he and boon there. Tlio bed had not been disar ranged in the lenst. Not a chair or other ar ticle of furniture apparently had been moved from its accustomed position. Alto gether there, was not a shadow of evidence that any porson living had heen.in thnt room' tho preceding night. There' wore no win dows in tbo room, and no door save tho one jpening into the ono whero I slept. A por- . son thon could not got out of that bedroom and out of the bouse cxcopt by coming ; through that door and leaving by. the . hall door. I remembered that when I awoke this outsido door was locked and bolted as usual ! on the inside ; this wns rcoalled by tho diffi culty in sliding back the bolt that morning. This showed that ovon had Jack been dis posed to leave mo in that shabby manner in the middle of tho night, ha could not have done so, not to mention that such a proceed ing would bo as unlocked for in tho man as it would bo unwof tby of him. Tho truth remained, nevertheless, Jack was gqno. But j how ho had taken his departure was a deep myhtory to me. Strange as it was, though, ijo suggestion of tho supernatural then I entered iuto my calculations, and I conten ted myself with thinking that a reasonable explanation would offer itself iu time. I said nothing to anyone of the occurrence, not caring to brave tho doubt and ridicule the tolling of it would likely provoke. I was ' extremely anxious to come to at least somo flausiblo solution of tho affair, yet the longer sought one tho moro perplexed I bccamo, till I had to conclude that the wholo pro ceeding was a vory vivid drenm. A dream it might be ; but suoh a conclusion was exceed ingly disappointing and unsatisfactory, for in dreams persons don't grasp each other's hands, and smoke togother, and drink to gether, and talk for hours at a timo connect edly on a subjcot, . especially such a one as occuDied our attention that nin-ht. Then nnothor circumstance came to me me with almost startling suddenness. The letter ! Did I write that letter to my sister, of was that, too, only a part of tho dream 7 If sho got ray letter that would bo proof clear enough that that night's proceedings were not a dream, let them otherwise be ac counted for as they might. If tho lettor was written while sleeping, that would be a som nambulistic feat too formidable for belief, and besides I bad never been known to bo 0 sleep-walker. I could easily find out about i tho lotter anyway. 1 wroto to my slstci ' asking Bimply if she hail got my lettor, in prompt answer to whioh she said sho had, adding that they wore all prepared for nnd anxiously awaiting our coming. Olearly, tho lottor wns not a drenm. Tbon what on earth or abovo the earth or tinder tho earth would explain that nightly visit, that un ceremonious ond mysterious disappearance of Jack Templeton 7 It began to trouble me. A weak had passed since that night, when a letter bcnrlqg tbo well known post- .mnrk of Greonwiok was dropped through my door. It was frop Jack. This is what it said : 1 I am vory sorry my professional duties and I1U6 ttlUUUUV UA DbUUjr A UUVU 1UIU UUU AUi tuifi Bummer will tie mo down at home, and1 1 shall not be ablo to mak'o you my usual visit thisyear. V Merciful Heaven t Tbo mnn hadn't been ' with mo at all. Was ho dead and did his shadow como to haunt ms instead of bis living body to visit me? That would not be likely, for his letter was dated five days later than that night, and ghosts, having a way of mak ing their presence known at the precise time their disembodiment takes place, are :alwnys punctual. . Tbo letter did not so for lighten up the matter. It-proceeded : -- ' - - -i. | You know my bobby, raesmorisra, and ydu Know howl rido it. Well; ono night recently \- 1 mounted my hobby and took'a long ride. I wasnway out in your country, in your town, j In your vory room, nnd I sat with you nnd. talked with you and drank with you, and all 1 but slept with yon. To bo exact, the night 1 was Friday, tho twelfth day of this month, July. Now, all this was so real to me that I want you to write mo whether on that night you remember of being consoious of any un usual occurrenco. Did I seem to you that I ; was in your company that night? I want 1 all the facts, that I may- see how they will' fit a, littlo theory I have lately been construct; ing, I There it was, and the subject talked "upon I by Jack, or Jn'ok ctherenllzed, and me, c'nthe back, with his startling assertion about a per- ' son in a mesmeric trance being ablo to com municate witb au ubSulU person, ana that \--purson to be conscious of being communi cated with. So Jack in all things essential \- had been present with me that night. For is . not tho mind the conscious part, thesoul, the i essential thing' . v Tho narrative deals only with the facts ol 1 a very extraordinary personal experience. If the explanation given of his visit by my guest of that night, based upon the narrowly under stood operations of mesmerism, is not suffi cient. let him who, with a clear view, has ' traversed further into the arcana of the mys \- tical, advance the theory of Jack Temple, ton's strange visit; 