AN ADVENTURE WITH A BUFFALO. Now, for the first time, it occurred to ma that I was in something of a scrape. The bull was coming furiously on. Should my shot m'ss, or even should it only wound him, how was I to escape ? I knew that he would overtake me in three minutes' stretch. I knew that well. I had not much time for reflection - not a moment, in fact ; the in furiated animal was within ten paces of me ; . I raised my rifle, aimed at his fore-shoulder, and fired. I saw that I had hit him ; but, to my dismay, he Deither fell nor stumbled, but continued to charge forward more furiously than ever. To reload was impossible. My pistols had gone off with my horse and holsters Even to reach the tree was impossible ; the bull was between it and me. Right in the opposite direction was the only thing that held out the prospect of five minutes' safety ; I turned and ran. I can run as fast as most men, and upon that oc casion I did my beat ; but I had not been two minutes at it when I felt conseious that the buffalo gained upon me, and was almost treading upon my heels. I knew it only by my ears —I dared not spare time to look back. At this moment an object appeared before me that promised, one way or other, to in terrupt the chase ; it was a ditch or gully, that intersected my path at right angles. It was several teet in aeptu, ary at tne Dottom, and with perpendicular sides. I was almost on its edge before I noticed it, but the moment it came under my eye I saw that it offered the means of a temporary safety at least. If I could only leap this gully, I felt satis fied that the buffalo could not. It was a sharp leap - at least seventeen feet from cheek to cheek ; but I had done more than that in my time, and, without halting in my gait, I ran forward to tho edge and sprang over. — From 'The World of Adventure.' The science of medicine seems to be always in a critical condition, and the bacillus bobs up and down in a manner that is ' painful and free.' Like Hamlet's father's ghost, it eludes question : we know not if it is 'a spirit of health or goblin damned,* angel or demon or delusion. The microbe of to-day is the myth of to-morrow. Surgery is the only department of medicine which has made real advances in our century. The rest is guesswork and experiment on vile bodies. — I. Zangwill. The ' New Unionism ' aims at protecting wage -earners by calling in the aid of the Municipality or the State. It cuts off the old hopes of ' bettering oneself,' of rising above one's class. It collectivises even hope. Compared with the world it would give us the organised and stable society of the Middle Ages, which offered to the individual worker no brilliant prospect of advance. Such a world would be a dual alternative to that ' career open to talent,' which used to be the city of Individualism. If it develops the virtues of self sacrifice and regularity of habit and life, it is at the expense of better features in oharacter. —Speaker. 4H 