Tb& Deeming Murders in Eng land. How They Webb Discovered.—A Tbtte Detective Story. (MELBOtraUE ABGTJS.) (CoTieluded ftvm mir last isitt?.} Tee boy's features worked in a des perate effort to. grasp the thread of some associations, and then his eyes took on a : new light, glowing with the joy of a great discovery. " Feyther," he said, speaking in the long, liquid Lancashire drawl, " doant e' moind thot tbeer Williams as .coorn'd to Bainbill last 'arveBt-toime.Mayhap *e war tha feller. 'Im 's married Emmie Mather an' took 'er off to Chaney ?" • "Ay, ;ay, sewerly," the old man re sponded. "I moind 'im well, ma lad. 'Erented Dinham-villa from Mrs. Hayes, an* Ben Tenng cemented tha hitching floor fur 'im. Bear, dear, so 'es, coorn'd into a fortin. I hallas thowt theer wur sathin' square wi' him afoor 'e went away.: Ay, thofs *im sewerly." Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary excla mation of surprised delight . When hounds are hunting live game and they pick up the scent again after a check they always give tongue. " When did you say he married tier, my lad?" he said. " Last 'arrest toime," replied the lad, " oopat tha choorch yonder. They wur married by passon - 'isself, an' yo can see tha stiffkit if yo loike. But 'ere cooms Joe Bickering, *e married Emmie Mather's, sister.an' 'e can tell you moor ©' Willums than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car penter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinham-villa when the cement ing of the floors was being carried out by Ben Young. i Moreover, he had lately seen a letter written to Mr. Mather by Williams from Melbourne,: in Australia, in which Williams said that v dear Emily was quite happy, and in the; be& of health." The letter was dated some time in January. There could ,no longer be any doubt in Mir. Lowe's mind that he was onthe right scent;, he almost whistled as he remembered that the unfortunate " dear Emily" was murdered by the polite letter-writer on Christmas Eve. High am, seniori in his capacity as parish rierk. Soon found t^e marriage register in the veStry of the old church. arid turned up an entry relating to the marriage of Albert Oliver Williams, bachelor, and Emily Mather, spinster. A copy of the entry wonld cost 3s. 7d., he remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe handed over the fee, as well as a couple of half-crowns for the old main's private purse. " Yo woant want the mnnny hack if it's not tha roight Williams, will *a ?" said the careful clerk; and when reas sured on that point went off to call the " passon." - Mrs.: Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, were both at home when Mr. Lowe called and was shown into the neat little parlour, with its Jhorse-hair sofa and arm-chair, its cheap German prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of .the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathematically in tke centre. , , The visitor introduced himself by hand ing the old lady his card. "I represent! the Melbourne Aneus," he began, " and also (after a short pause) Scotland-yard. I want to ask you about a Mr. Williams j wbb married your daughter last Sep- i tember." . It was wonderful how really Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dinham-villa, which belonged to Mrs, Hayes, and applicants to view the pro perty had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the honse, and' when he came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much in love with Emily, and ; almost at once proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinhhm villa, in the kitchen, which bad been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a. free handed, well-spoken man, and he bad pro mised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, bnt her husband had written from' Mel bourne. ' " Now, Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, " I want to ask yon about yonr daughter." The old lady looked up at him sharply. " I want to know first," she said, " what yon are driving at, and I will not say another word until you tell me." " Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, " I have something very painful to tell you. I am going to tell you now about two people. a man and a woman. The man I am positive is Albert Oliver Williams. The woman may be yonr daughter, or it may be the woman who, I have ascer tained, came to Bain hill to visit Williams as his sister, but who, I have reason fo be lieve, waB -bie wife. .Williams* murdered his wife last Christmas Eve." " Almost before he had finished speaking Mrs. Mather had fainted, and it was not withont some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together managed to re vive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving the tangled scraps of in formation info as consistent a whole as possible. But. there were still some ter rible gaps to be filled up. " Mind yon, I do not believe that it is yonr daughter whohasbeen murdered," Mr. Lowe arguing against his own convictions,- I- think it is very probable that his real wife, who visited him here at Dinham-villa, followed him to Melbourne, and that when she made herself known to him there, and reproached him for his de sertion, he took her life." It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mis. Mather to hope. With her hopes her strength revived, and unlocking gn old fashiofifed secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits ©f: Loth the bride and bridegroom. Alter a little per suasion, she handed the letters and por traits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to London and get them copied, r© ctiking M return an assurance that they would he safely guarded and given back uninjured. 1 " Now, yon must tell no one whatlhave told yon," said Lowe, as he took his leaf. absolutely necessary/ that yon pre serfe the strictest secrecy." And the old lady, terrified and full of vague misgiv ings, pledged herself to Silence. When ?ffr. Lowe tooJc his teat in the up express for London he had good reason to himself upon his day's work. He had succeeded beyond ^ most sangUine antitipatiohB,-andhehad madehispositaon secure by^ clbsuig the door completely apinst subsequent enquiries for informa tion. Not only had he'extracted a promise of silence from the One living individual capable of* giving positive information about the murderer, bnt hehad swept: biff all the letters and all the portraits as well that is fo eay, all the documentary evi-. dence and all the means bf idbnfefication. After rifling fche treasure chamber he had' locked the door and left; with the key in b|s,pocket. ■ ; ocnqpside of the globe, published ah inter view, three-quarters of a column ldhg|' with i! the motberof the hapless Lancashire girl" whose remains had beeh dng up a few days before from;, the cemented grave 'in the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable' coups ever known in the-history of Aus tralian journalism. Backwards and forwards between London and Liv^^pool went the Wless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, ill the tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until fcebad made a rope strong enough to hang «.pmu.-- And yet he was only at the com mencement of his task. 1 • It wasstrange how that other woman, the sister or, more probably, the ; Williams, who had visited Mm at EainMU with her four children; kept on intruding i into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite 1 upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no = trace ©f her whereabouts. She and her fpur children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they ' were avenged. ". j As this last thonght strnck Mm Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to Ms forehead, and i found it wet. He was sweating from sheer | excitement. • ^ J A. vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally 'possessed him. He hur ried from London - to Bainhill once inore and hnhfcedoutBen Young, the manwho had cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham-viHa underinstructions from Williams. " Where did you get the. cement from, Ben ?" was. the flreteager question. " rt wur m the cooch 'ouse," Baid Ben. To the coaCh-honse accordingly -they •went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently con tained cement " Diff you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?" asked Mr. Lowe. " Naw," said Ben Young, "How much did yon use then? For Heaven's sake, hurry up my good man. It's a matter of life anddeath." .- Young tested, idstbongbts de hberately. -" Ml*:laaid dooh tha stoof oot *f two Ji they barls," he replied, with lrri tating slowness; "A knaw nowt aboot this |ere other wonn. It wur empty afoor a gpt tha job."* " Empty before you got the job," echoed Mr. Lowe, with the ringofaBtrengthening conviction in his voice. " Then what be carae of the cement firom that barrel ?" The village plastei©r ^agged his hted slowly from side to side, but never a word spake he. Mr. Lowe ought as well have asked him what hadTbecome of the snows, of yeater year. Then a great light hashed in upon the amateur detective's braiii, illuminating «n that waB black a moment before, and til hoUetting In the sharpest outlines objects which'upto that moment had been wrapped in darknesB. When the llne-of-battie-ship shows her ' mighty search- light every detail of thetorpedo-boatstshds revealed, painted in black npon a disc of blinding white. " Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing -woman also," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, mid darted off to submit his ideas to SergSant Chip chase, the local constable, with whom be at once, concluded an offensive and defen sive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chipchase laid the facts before the district superintendent, an official named Kelly, and the_ digging then,began in Dmham-yilta imder Mr. Lowp's direc tion, a digging the result of which most gruespmely verified the calculations which that far-sighted individual had worked out And so it was that this Childe Boland to his Dark Tower came. Four swearing constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhuma tion. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came npon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and fonr. children. The woman and three of the ^ their throats cnt from ear to ear, and -the fourth ;chM fiad beep^siiM^ piece of clothes line, which was "stall xonnd its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusual interesting cable message to send to TheAbgtjs in Melbourne that affcernoon. and in just a week from the day . oh which be received his first instructions he. sent a fiomplete report of the murders which he had been mainly instrumental in discovering, and with -which all England was ringing some, hours later. When the story of the Bainhill murders was published in The Aboos alone of all the Melbourne.papers next morning Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already On his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the'Wind sor charge broke down, the Eainhili case would hang him safely enough. "Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see yon," said SnpermtendentShore next day; stretching outhiB hand cordially to his visitor. '"Let me congratulate' you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years/' 