Ms AMD SKETCHES. V . when creek meets creek. a taie of love and war. Ev Joseph Hatton. . . , ah eights reserved. .. CHAPTEU III. (nnHTtuiivM ' . waa no cbance of our being 'thin!!! !ibu4 'J18 8r® some things on 'J""® "Ibe il«i- It .! " a? waa 8 "lon !(t, "10 D®«till« ; the duchess, her 8»ilfii?i N'8 Deputy GrrSbauval; "itss he, «m du'!Q is a Roysiiet, iloiy, u»» "iowaj it is likely to bo a fit," la"r8r 8e8n 'h. count to-day 2" affray, pushing aaido bis empty - ''mint; 1 ly "UJsffnv <>Vrt o£,tl10 CIlizonGribau- "''I Count n. ,, ray 1181111 Rsa out to tlio 50 ' have tnl.l y W.®. lt 18 for the f"Ai»n batobot it matched mo from Wth. 2„f ..ft.1'" by aooldont that I Oil of it i T0f "le "shting to-day. Oh, tbo Valley !" 11)0 t bo book again in :v;' J-ayn.d llBtened' frhb0 " fouiiiUo S,' ,wa8 wondering Nuiyv- av W Do C| LM1eat8AJ«ffr.y. !' through a .( J",' P"8t th® Dion d'Or, «»a» fcu "mtoh of wood and somi Ihi" ,0l!a!„made.mi«elle ?" " Hie Ltoa d'OrIj?U n4' Do you know "" 0,! Ha a a patriot, and hie .wifeis.a virago. Pjerro lived . In - tho - da tbe in8U"8««A». Ho fe a ff, ' p'e»®. you may tnrnat him ; bo ni »,?,! J? w. hPB,b!8n done at the ohAteou. eaUrtherer Fou"li» maJo We way Mario, with nil hor Belt repression, could not nf'rie 88 8 088talri onxiaty in regard to tha safety ?L? t ir f 0,!r"lcr- She might havo known that Jatfray had bson entrusted with an honor- tnnt message to Madomois.lle Mnthllde ; but alio only guessed it, not so muoh from what had fallon from the unwilling lips of, Jaffray, as . P1?1 8 remark that had been made to her early in tha morning by one who was in theconfideueo of Grtibanalandwaaa trusted agent of Robes- as Count da Fournior going to tbo Ohfltenu do Louvet." asked Jaffray in response to Mario's question. ' " " Don't you know lie was to be tlioro to-day?" sho said, rising to her feet and standing close by Jaffray'sstdo. j;affray only shrugged hid ahonldera aud filled mmself another cup of wine. nJIi K00' ti,0Iuieur\I kno" atld otiiers know it. Nothing oould havo bcon more im prudent than to givo a fate to-day, and fly the king a standard. It was madness. Citizen Grebauvnl is not the man to bo defied. Ho is stronger to-day than twenty Counts do hourniers. You havo seen what has happened within, the past few hours— God knows what, I don t ; X oould only surmise, only sit in fear and wondor ; I have not dared to go out today, not dared ; I have been littlo better than a prisoner—" " Prisonor ?" oaid JafEray.l No, no ; not that, but under surveillance, uvery man and woman in tho Ruo Parnabd is a py. It is not so everywhere, monsieur? And they know that I bavo bubinosn at tho Ch&teau; up Lcmvefc. My— I mean, a neighbor said laei mglit that within a month overy Royalist bead remaining in Paris would fall Marat in his paper demands thousand) of heads as if ho wore J varapirp, My neighbor was gay and jubilant taw morning and woco a long knife in his sash, a moat uo usual thing Tharo havo boon strange cries iu tho air, and the to twin has been drowned by the firing of guns. The cordonuier round the corner juaaed under my window thu.aftsrnoon with a red piko .and his siooves turned up !" Ai u0alni yourself, mademoiselle;' it wall very terrible, but I thought ypu were a atoio." l(I thought so, too; .hut I nin .only a-poor oreaturo after all.- It is hot for myself' that I fear." V"'- ' Is itformethatyouare.anxious?Youmako ma feel proud ;. bufc l- am no Royalist, and if I am . a fiiBitiv«i'..ft:om..;a.ipatriot inub" it 'is1 only through an orror, a mistake— witness my tricolor, tender nio th\oalhv' YiVe lainati"p£t" FJaffray/was spcaUirig.ho.w not: alone for 'Marie Bruyset -(was sho:: really "as" friendly a5'"«Ko seemed ?),/ but. for others: who might be within ear shot. . Jaffray, no longer . hungry, was Jaffray no longer/emotional ; he was Jaffray tho diplomat, Jaffray with a mission. - Fair,, tho toosin, death, danger, tribulation in overy shape had jfor „a time hold him in bondage. A still more mission obliterating influeneo bad fallen upon him under the hospitable roof of Mario Bruyset. Best, safety: (at least for tho time), dainty -fare, good wino and sweet companionship bad eolipsed tho memory of tho hunted figure of his illustrious friond whose sweetheart was to havo had tidings of him frcin Jaffray,; yat for an 5'ur or more ho had been wasting time under a spell of n bottle of wine and a pretty girl. tatter IV.— The Footstep ox the- Stahi. His supper finished, Jaffray. preparod to take his leave. Vi', ; ' , ji . 'f AVhoro do you live ?" asked Marie, i " One can hardly bo said to livo anywhere'in theso times." j -- . I '"I'hope we may meol again.'fshe saidi''.,' ."Thank you, my'';dear..tri«id.;;.' reokonima among, tha' dead if ..wa do hot, . and that very soon"' ' said Jaffray, ' tightening kist belt and giving free play to a knifo In.an'old loathorn sheath, , .i!»> ,» ...!ov He h.i-- ( . "Hash; what time is, thatstflking.5" : , They listened, and counted eleven by tho cloak of St. ltooh. ' : " So; lateJ" ,sho said, , "how quiokly the time has gone I Adieu, monsieur, if I do- not scon put out my lamp, my father, seeing the light may call to say good night; and I would not have hini see yoii for worlds.' ' : "When wo moot aeain I will toil yon all yon ask about mysolf, und invito from you a similar confidence. I don't believe we should ever bo- tray oaoh other, even on tho raolc." ' " Don't bt so sure of that," she . replied, un locking the door and offering her.hand to Jaffray with the dignity of a queon and the grace of a French demoiselle. Au revoir," said Jaffray, pressing her pretty fingers to his lips. . . i.-\ "A plaguo upon it !" aha esolaimed, snatching her band away. "S-s-s-h! your passage is barred," and as she said so alio shut the door and turned tho key. "Who is it?" ho askod in ft whisper, -half doubtful of his protootrosa— for thero was some thing strange in tbe remark, " Don't ho so sura of that." "An oncmy, perhaps," she said. "He has seen the light, ha is eoming up." i'Tlten I did hear ft footstep on the atair," ho replied, his hand on his knife. "Perhaps," sho answored. " You will nocd no knife. Como this way." ' . She led him across tho room to a coruer near hor couch, and drew aside a heavy portfire. "This is my saoret," sho said, as sho drew a sliding door. "Enter." Jaffray hesitated. A footstep wh heard on tho stairway. "Trust mo," sho said. " My visitor is— but no mattor ; yon will bo safe here until he has gone." Jaffray stopped within the closet, hut as Mario drew the sliding; door he Blipped the sheath of his kuifa between it and the panel. When Marie pulled the portfire across it ho quietly olid tho door baok and stood within tho ourtain, where he oould retire or step forward as oooasion might Beam desirable. He heard a kuook at the door. Marie opened at ouoe. . "I thought yon were abed, ' said a. harsh grating voire. "i was just going," said Mario. " What do you want?" " A word with you," was the answer. "Como in tho morning," said Mario ; "I am "No, you ara not," uid tbo harsh voice. "You aro afraid." - "Indeed I" "If you do not fear, I foar for you. To be suspeoted is to bo lost. You aro suspeot." "Who is my aeoueor?" "Simon, the printer." "Canaille I" said Mario. "He wrote mo a love letter, though he oan't spell my name ; I flung it in his face ; so I am suspeotod 1" " Ho saw a fugitivo from justice olimb yonr balcony; tho man has not loft your room." " Oil really 1 And Monalour Simon says that, does ho? I will spook to Citizen Simon to- morrow." ,,,,,, Jaffray tiglitenod his belt and hold his br"ft(jh, really ; and why did not Citizen Simon follow tho aristocrat and capture him?" " He desired to sparo you." " Koaliy, he is too good." "He was sitting by his window, when the patriots passed the Rue Barnabe, and the traitor slunk along the street and made for your balcony, where a light was burning. A signal, no doubt?" "No doubt," said Maria, scornfully. "Friend Simon, out of respect for me and regard for you, raised no alarm ; but he watched." "Yes, trust him for that," said Marie. ,l„nAv.h"inIIro'".rnct? t0 my homo af'»r tho duties of the day he lay in wait to tell me, that I rolglit do what I thought best in the interest of my country, and wlth the least exposure of you " 8 tlo domoiselle Marie, as he oaiied Mm Ti"i i d8m®i««l|e Marie despises bim, and will tho honor of telling him so- 18 waa angry reioiuder You wrong him," said the harsh voioe, " and yon do not understand the sorvico he has rendorsd you. Listen, Marie. Tha pooplo have won a great viotory. Tyranny brouglit its Swiss guards againnt them and all its artillery. Ning and guards ara overthrown. Liberty is entlironed at the Tuileries. Amongtlie fugitives flying before the just vengcanco of the people! was one Fournier, a count so oaiied, ono of tbo king s entourage. You ohango color, Alarie. I know why you havo had so many commissions from the woman Mathildo Louvet." " Mademoisolio do Louvet sho is oaiied," said Mare defiantly, "daughter of fe Duo et Duohesse do Louvet." , ;"At the moment of this Founder's capture," wans on Lsroohe, " a stripling in the secret employ of the Deputy Gnibanval. rushed from among tha lookers on to his rosoue." ." " "Brave stripling," said Marie. . " The sudden diversion, and a shout of 1 Tho Swiss !' raised by an idiot, who mistook a bonnot rouge for tho red of tho mercenaries, favored the escape of tho traitors ; but ono of them has been traced : his name Is Jaffray Ellioott." "All honor to liirn," said Marie, "wherever ha is. " " It is wsll for you, Marie, that only I hear you eny these things. But my patience ia exhausted. This Eilicott naturally, made for the Pont Nettf and the bureau of tlie Deputy GriSbauvai, near the Palais do Justice',' hut was overtaken' and eluded his pursuers in tile Rue Bsrnahe." .. ' Jaffray hold himself motionless; ' but strengthened by Marie's wine and soup, nud onooursgod by her brave words, resolved . not to be taken alive. > '- "Yesterday, while yon were on your weokly mission to tlio Chateau, I disoovered yourseorot closet," continuod tbo harsh voice, with some thing of a chuckle.' "'Then you entered my room in my abeenco and.'spled upon riio?'" .:, "v ,?"It ia my business to. any,".-' " On "your daughter," i oaid',:!irarie;' ' " the daughter of - tho mother whoso life you mado a curse and a burden, yonrsp-". .. . "I've heard enough of that," said tlio liarsh voice, "and I plaoe,duty above daughter, ,wife or nolf." " Her father !' Bald jaffrsy to himBolf, anil slieathsd the knife ho had drawn. " You havo listened nt my deor?" "I have; and I suspeot that the traitor Eilicott is not the first enemy of tho people who has found sholter under your roof." " You and Citizen Simon ara in league .to' destroy mo !" exclaimed Mario bitterly. " Vary well ; do your worst. I despise you both." "Don't eonple mo with Simon," said the harsh voice. "I would die for you in the cause of honor— Ioso honor to save you; but I must have this youth Eilicott." Jaffray, oonsolous of the man's approach, compressed his lips andstiffeoed his sinews.. . Thereupon there was a brief scuffle, Maiici barring her father's way ; ho evidently reso lute. "I have been too blind to your doings, Mario. Let me pass, or, by my soul, I'll walk over you." - ' - Then n powerful hand tore at' tho ourtain, and dragged it, pole and all, to the ground. Tho next moment Jaffray, with a well planted blow, sent the investigator sprawling on his back, and, dashing for tho door, oould bo heard by every tenant of the echoing building making his way to the strcot. Chatter V.— Simon the Printer Fires his Gun. " Bravo !" exclaimed Marie as Jaffray rushed past her, but hsr heart stood atill almost tlio next': moment ; '.'for, simultaneously with tho banging of the outer door, n guu shot was heard, followed by a sudden cry and the shouts of pur suers. Laroobe picked himself slowly ' up .from tho floor. Maria ran to the window, and by tho light of a lantern hung from an opposito doorway ob- lorved Simon tho printer with a firelock whioh he had avidontly just discharged. "But ho has escaped," sho said. "Yob, I'm sure of it; the saints would never permit that he should fail by such vile hauds as those." " You will fall, and by viioc paws, you traitress!" exolaimod Laroohe, wiping ..his bruised faces "That would be impossible," said Marie. " You liav learnt the losaon of the aristo crats. It only needed that you should become a wanton to mnko your perfidy oomplcte." "How daro you say that!" Mario roplicd, palo to tho lips. " How dare you !" "Beoauso lam your father and have sur prised yon with your lover, who is a spy and an agent of the enemies of Prance — I can't say- of bia country ; ho is a foreigner — but Paris will free herself of ell such parasites." "Paris is mad," said Marie, "and I have lived long enough sinoo iny fathor takes mo for ono of the creatures who make their shame thoir glory. Order my arrest ; it is not far to the Conoiergerie ; at least I shall find some honor able companionship among your prisoners." Larochc contemplated the only human being whom he had ever loved with a passion of anger and affection, wounded pride nud enforced admiration. Tho sting of Jaffray's blow, and a pang of romorso at the samo time for tho epithet ho bad used against Marie, whose young iifo of virtue and courage was a perpotual reproach to him and at the samo time a seoret delight, struggled in his rough bard nature for mastery. Paroiitalinstiuot conquered. "I'm sorry for what I said, Marie, came from his unwilling lips ; " it isn't true. You nrs the only ono puro soul I ever knew ; on that aount I ask your pardon." " I forgive you," said Marie, her eyo3 full of tears. , , , " Oh, why will yon go against mo and France I" he said, opening his arms to hor and mingling his tenra with her own— this bard bitter old agont of the police. " I didn t mean it, my girl ; it'B tho cruellest lio I over uttered ; I'd tear tho heart out of any man who said it ; and yat I havo done you that wrong, and I am your father." "Lot it pais, dear ; lot itpsai. He was s fugitivo from death. I sheltered him for that, not beoauso he was royalist or patriot, citizen or strnngor; but ho is no spy, believo mo. Citizen Fournier saved his life, when lio was a ohlld, In America, during tho revolution thore, when Indians masiRorod women and eliildron not Frenchmen, but Indians. Why shall wo Frenoh become Indians? It was an act of gratitude on his part. This fugitive, to try and save his doliveurr- " But this .'Fournier is:- the enemy of :the pooplo- . Too know .it, lyou- know it.- : To.be allied with him and hjs friends. is, treason ; yon know it, Marie, and you risk my. life too when you risk your own, and my life is my- country's ; it may tako it, but not for treason — not for treason! Understand that once for all. Marie, mjr child, my only consolation in life, think of this ; I warn you for tho last time. If Franoe should ono day oail upon mo, from the throne of her justice, to sacrifice you 1 Think of it. I must do it. Don't ask mo to do it, dear ; don't ask for the last drop of blood In my withered haart— the last drop that speaks to you now." Marie was deeply moved by this appeaL She knew how hard and bitter her father could be, what a martinet be wao to duty ; how the in fluences of Robespierre and Grebauval held him bound, and with what an exaggerated view ho regarded overy Frenohman of good family and every friend of tho King nnd Queon ; and aba almost pitied him. " Father," hit said, "you oannot ohango your heart ; it makes you lova me in Bplte of your political watchwords, your naw colors and your new hatreds. ' How can I help pitying Made moiselle do Louvet, who baa been so good to me? How can I help sympathising with her lovor, and hating the rival who would drag a pure sweet girl from a refined and noblo home to roign among eansoulottes nnd be company for tho mistresses of Marat and St. Just, and — " Fcr.cc, child ; I must not listen to yon. Be ndvlscd. You say I love you ; I do ; glvo mo n litjls in return. Eventa are marohing quiokiy. Throats havo blod to-day for and -against Franoe. Patriotism is master. The nation rules peacefully. It will be a rule of discipline and justioo. From this moment to ho suspect is to be arrested ; to be arrested is to bo con demned. You had until an hour ago ono enemy —only one ; lie is now in my sorvioe, Simon tho printor. Don't answer me. Make no other onemy. Be warned. Good night 1" During tho last few sentences Laroohe had passed from the father to the officer of tho secret polia'e. His manner had become formal ; bis words foil hoavily ; his sentonoes were short and crisp ; there was something of a canine suap in their poriods. "Ono: word," said Maiio. "Tliis young man? " . At this moment there was a low whistis on tbo stairway. , ' . , ' . , ' , I "Ho ib taken," said Lsroohe; " that ia tho signal." -ii v»-:: "My God !" exclaimed' Mario.7: "And tbe De Louvets?" " ; ," The ' Depnty Griibauvsl 'went ; with' ; a com pany of tlie, National' Guard to. Neuilly this afternoon.? :.'V V. i;'''' ' " You have warned nie," said Marie, fading her father ; her oyea fixed upon his ; hor man ner calm as any heroine of tho Flaco Henri IV. "J warn you.'- The safety of tho De Louveta and. of this' fugitive, Jaffrsy Ellioott, aro tho terms' of my peace with you. Suoh as thoir for tunes may be, so shall mine. I look to you in tbisj and to yon only. And bo. Good night 1 " | Laroohe made no reply. He turned as if he would ; but the nsxt moment ho was gone, anil Marie stood listening to his firm, steady tread aiid heard the door close upon him as ho loft tho groat rambling house of many tenants. > Now Mario Bruysot was a spy. Jaffray Elli oot was littlo batter. They wero both living among tbo people against whom they plotted, not for sorip or foe, not in their own interest, not of malice prepense, but out of very lovo and pity. Spies all tho same. Nearly orerybody was a spy in Paris at that time. Neighbor spied on neighbor, friond on friend, relativo on rolativo, each for his own sake, some from spite and vengcanoo and a thirst for blood, othors to save their own neoks, many for ho reason in particular, but all actuated by tho satanic spirit oz coo times, wnineu uituer nnu tnituor in toe dance of death that went on day and night to the sound of drum and trumpet, the olashing of bells. and tho oiiaunt of the CarmBgnole. Sitting aloft in her garret with her miniatures nnd Iter prints, her littlestove and her clean ear- pot, Marie Bruyset could hear tho muiio all tho time. It was like living on tlio skirts of a fair, with its eternal shows and shooting galleries, its tintinnnbuiary invitations to unnatural wonders, and its hurly-burly of human shouts and showmen's cries. It swirled up and down the outer frontiers of the Ruo Barnabd, but had never found its way into tho preciuots of tho old courtyard with its tubs of laurels, its ladders, its drying clothes and its romping children; for children romped and played, arid men nnd women made lovo and wero given iu marriage, and there wero quiet families that partook of their quiet dinners and spent musioal evenings all through tho Terror and its storm of blood. The father of Jaffray Ellioott's littlo bostoss was Eugene Larochs, one of tho most uncom promising agents of police in -the em ployment of the Revolutionary Tribunal. When Marie was a girl of 15 her mother died of a broken heart, caused by tbe dissipation, infidelity and general ill- usage of her husband. Ou licr death ha swore a vow of reform which he had kept ever since, aod by way of making some amends to the ghost of the dead motlior lie had been a kind and considerato father to Marie. When she' was 20 ho marrltd again, a decent woman, who was oontent to bo a drudgo, and give him tlio place of lord and master. Then Marie rosoived to bo her own mistress and lire her own life. Sho had been educated at a convent hard by, had shown some skill as a miniature painter, was content to paint' from life or make oopias from original works, and she had formed quite a clienltfe among tbo. many good families iu Paris when the Revolution broke out. Her sym pathies were naturally supposed to be with the people and her father, but she still an far as possible kept hor connection togothor. Exilo and the guillotine reduced their mimbors, and as they fall away Marie's heart went after thorn to tho guillotine and lioyond tha sea ; but it was only recently that she liad boon induced to play tlio spy against hor father and Ills bloodthirsty masters. When Marie set up housekeeping on Iter own acoount she adopted her mothor'a maiden name, and of late had found it of great advantage to be known ob Mademoiselle Lsroclio, a namo whioh had bcaoms terriblo even among " the people " ao called. Larooba was a sloutlihound. Onco on the scent, no fugitive escapad him. Ho was under the impression that lie obtained use ful information from his daughter, moro par ticularly in regard to tho family of de Louvet nnd a certain Henri Comto do-Fournior; but Marie's heart was engaged in thoir interest, and it was Laroohe who was useful to Marie and her friends. Lsroohe lived in tho same building as that which sheltered Maris, and h frequently paid her fatherly as well as offioial visits, though they wsro all supposed to oount under tho first oatogory. It is as well to say at once that Larooho had a weak streak In his char acter ; it was a leaning towards Marie— a loan ing and a fervent admiration. He would listen to her with patienos, oven when siio appealed for some poor oreature whom she knew to he in his power. Ho even tolerated tlio portrait of the Qussn in her room ; and encouraged her to talk of hec patroness Mademoisolio de Louvet, though he barred the " do " in his mention of her, as ho barred the " Duo" when be spoko of Louvet, and tho "Oount" when he mentioned Fournier, the aotive and bitter enemy of the Doputy Grdh&uval.; \- Jaffray Eilicott was playiug a doable game, with cards! no 'less powsrful thsh 'Mario's, and 'with a more Bubtlo pnrpois/ If he bad known that he was - talking to tha i polioo" agent's daughter, ha' might not have talked soTfrosiy about himself ; but Marie had a way ofiwinning confidence, and by hinta'that she let fail he wai shrewd enongh to gather- that -while-she diss played- among her minlnturei famous: revolts tionary ohiefs and their mistresses,- thero wag something mora than moro . bravado . In bee exhibition of tho portrait.' of: tho unpopular Mario Antoinette. (TO BE CONTINUED.) ' 