' A n Interesting : St or y. ITA'S MYSTERY. By Ella Okbovcr Thayer CHAPTER ii.— (Continued.) " That must bo ill" willed Harry. , " I can't 'explain it any uther wny," said Mies Fuloe. " 1 wasn't uwiire, though, that tliu picture had inado su great an im- tiroBsioii 011 1110." - Sho glanced at him archly as she spuke, and laughed — tliu tinkling laugh Frank remembered so well. , , " I am grimily flatlored, t all ovents," lia saiil. " I hope I lmvo also madb a sufficient impression for you til givo 1110 a tew walty.es." A row r Ton uro too monesi, nr. Lorraine. O110, porhaps." Sho handed him lior card, and ho wroto his name in tlio only vacant place. Then Hurry claimed hor, and tlioy dancod away. ' „ " Bo euro and 001110 back to me, Itn, Miss Monde called after tliom. . Hal Then it wns lior 1:111110 1 Itn Fnlos I Hu had the whole iiuiiio now, at least. But wiiu wns Arthur St. Clair I _ Tlio last was a question whioh began to tako an unplonsant proniiiioiieo in his mind. Could it bo she was privately married to tlio man, whom, for some reason, ho hail boon so str.ingoly called upon to personate? Frank did not like tlio iden. Ite fanoiod it still less when, having led lier out for tlio promised waltz, tlio fair linir iilinost tnuclnd his breast, and tlio coquettish face wns very near his own. The dniicu wns the lust boforo inter mission, ami as, tliu music -cussed Frank whirled his partner out into tlio con servatory. "Tlio supper room will bo crowded now — lot us rest here awhile," ho said, loading her ton-aril a secluded soat under nil orange plant. "You have such a dreadfully anthoritu- tivo wny with you that 1 must needs obey," I tu responded, in a lightly sarcastic tone. " You are mistaken. I assure you I am very meek, and capable of being domineered over in the uiost sliniueful maimer. I could prove tlmt to you by nn c-xperiuneo I oueo had." Frank scaled himself by hcrsido as lie spoke. "Tell 1110 what it wns, then I will decide," she said, slyly studying his hand- , some features. ' "That f cannot do: It' is n secret . which 1 have revealed to no 0110." " How pivvnkiiig of you to montiou it, nud iirouso my curiosity nil for nothing 1 It was very raVnuntic, of course?" . ! "Think of the most romantic adventure yon ever h v.i, ami I can match it with mine," returned Finnic, ivatohiiig her in tently to sec if tlio words brought the recollection ho thought, to nwnkcu. Apparently they did not nt first-, hut j presently sliu broke into a litllo laugh, ! while n peculiar expression came into iicr eyes. i " 1 doubt it. I bad 0110 once that no thing could match." " Let us compnro notes," ho said, loan ing c-'er her engorly. Shu shook her head. " Oil, 110 I Mine is far too serious." "Serious!" Iiu echoed. "Mine was quite tliu contrary. Uim't wa itmka a bargain to oxehango coniiduucos some ti.no?" " Impossible 1 But you might tall 1110 yours, tlmt I could he nuro it wns runlly, actually romantic, There wns 11 lady in it, of course ?" " Certainly, nud 11 very beautiful one." Itn trilled with bur fan as though not entirely pleased with this answer. Sho limdo some guy comment, lioweror, and a conversation in tliu same si lain followed, on different topics, which Frank was very surry to huvu interrupted by Miss Monde and several friends in search of Itn. The Inttor w ent away with iiuuiifcst reluctance, mil looked buck to Binile brightly at Frank. fin huvored shout her vininity tho re mainder of tlio evening, although liiidiiig few opportunities l0 say anything farther. But lie hud tliu pleasure of taking her tu tlio carriage, nud received a guud -night mile from undent blue hood, whiah tnado her look muru bewitching titan over. It was not uiiiutt iiriil, under tho cir cumstances, that.' nftor this unexpected meeting Frank's thoughts were filled with tlio charming, puzzling lta ; and surmises of tlio mystery which now, mote Limn be fore, interested him, and reawakened his ouriusity. lie went everywhere tlmt there was a possibility of mooting Iter, and 10011 so progressed in tlio iiequiiiutaueo that ho bucumo a frequent caller at bur home. It began to bo rumiu-kcd boforo long that tho society of other yciiug ladies hail lost nil chit 1-111 for .Frank Lorraine, -mid that Ila's colour changed nt his approach. "it's 110 use," Hurry Mundoanul to him one day. " 1 was going to fall in lovu with I til Fales uiysolf, but it is evident wu all iniisL yield to you, so 1 might its vol! do it with a good (,'riico. " "What do you ineaiiV' Frank questioned darting. " WImt do I moan?" laughed Harry. -' Well, that is cool I There's 110 seuso in tallying it, old boy ; any one cull sue you ire dead in love' with lior, and, sad hough it be, 'tis true that oho alights very one foryou." " Nonsense!" exclaimed Frank, hastily, .ml getting very red. " i tun actuated by mtiruly different motives, Jiitrry. Some ii-io, perhaps, I can tell you." Vim-lu-iiwddliig-cards'iiild- cHkot" retorted Usrry, shaking his bond knowingly, as ho ll-rtod away up tho streoi. ' Fr»'ik guzecl after him a moinuiit. then runt 'on his way thoughtfully. Harry's talf jesting, half surious words bud truiiBcd : Borne hitherto dormant con- teiousiiuss within himself, and from this aimo. his manner ctiauged, lie was pre- 'jcuupicd, nud,' singular guough hi tho gay, light-hearted young mini, ' often melancholy, hi fact, ho pould up longer aonaeal from bis own self-seruliny tliu fascination lta Fales hud for him, and tlmt, had ho met liar without tliu previous kuowledgo of seme stiiiugu secret, surrounding her, ho iboulil have lovud lior, with all his heart. But us it was, ho uuist conquer all snch om'atibiiu: ' Tho' mystery might'bpa jhni|jcft|l onu. purtajiily, froqi what |)Q Itupw of it, poniethiii" if timet bp \yhipl) precluded tlio possibility. of iior becoming his. Then Frank's Brow would grow darknB I10 thought of Arthur St! Clair, Who, what, mid wlturu was ho? Was It 'really his rightful place that ho himself had assumed? ' If so, why had it boon necessary? . .y Those ivoro questions to whioh Frank could find 110 answer, but yot, in tho very midst of tho pain mien thoughts brought, his pulses thrilled with iHswobt sense o( (laying for two hours ciillod lioj'jijs wife. gojppfim'eji ho was lernpted tq tqll'lt'ip everything, nnd demand tin. explanation. fljoro wero now only it fuw wuckij ((! pass bpfprp tlip tiiqu ;yq||lcj PRtnP WllPt' alio had appointed to meat hill) igein at the old church, ami hu wu« anxious to sou if shu would keep her word. What would thou luippoti hu did not dure think, Uu could hold 110 bright ant ioipul ions of tliu future, however. -. Meanwhile, hu did not eoaso ilia visila to hur who had become the. sourco uf so much trouble. There was a dangerous fascination in being nenr lior which, ho could not resist. ClIAPTP.lt HI. O110 day lie found Marry Atcmlo nnd his sistor witli lior. Frank could not lie blind to tho blush tlmt greeted him on Iln'sfnir face, nnd it sot iiis heart throbbing wildly. As if to atono for tlio involuntarily be trayal, - Hu- immediately ' resumed bur conversation with Miss Meudo, taking littlo apparent notieo of Frank. They xvore talking of school days. " One is always lunging for them to be over, yet, when they are, 0110 looks back to them with regret," said Miss Meade. " I was terribly sorry to leave tlio sominnry and tho girls," said lta. "Some j of thorn I shall never soo again." I "It must have boon n pokoy placo way off there," said Miss Moade. - , "May I ask where you wersat school?" nskod Flunk 'quickly. As lie bad suspected sbo would, Itn mentioned the town niul State wlioro their first peculiar interview had occurred. Had sho keen at school all tlio time, ho wotideroi! jealously. Wusitthoro Arthur , St. G'lnir lived ? | "It wasn't pokey nt nil," Itn resumed, , to Miss Moudu. " Wu used to lmvo Bplondid timuB. Tlio only tiling I didn't like was Alico Wold's nirs. Shu wns my chief rival and donrnst foe." I "And is this your only unpleasant I memory ?" asked Frank, looking lit lior intently. " I can't say even this is tlint," Itn answured, glancing up at him, mid then jdoivn again quickly. " When 0110 lias j been victor in a battle, it is not a dis- | ngi-uenblo remembrance, is it?" I Sho laughed gayly as slio asked tlio ! quostiou. " Not a hit of it," said Hurry Moudo. I "It goes witlioiitsiiyiiig, though, that you distanced Miss Weld. But! hope, Miss Fnles Hint tlicro was no young inuu in tlio aaso." ltu's cheeks dimpled mischievously, and her eyes twinkled. " You must not ask too ninny ques tions, Mr. Met, do," sho said with a roguish glaucn, — IJonbtlosR yourself, this Miss Weld, nud tlio young mini about whom no questions must be naked, are tho chief ingredients in that romantic experience which you thought would inaloli initio I" Frank burst out, inn spasm of uncontroll able auger anil jealousy. lta gnvo a quick look lit his disturbed countenance, and it scorned to afford Iter somx ground for satisfaction. Her dimples deepened as bIio replied doniurely, — " WImt a good guossar you arc, Mr. Lorraine I" Frank bit his lip, and while Harry nnd his lister were besieging hot- for an account of this ronumco, ami she was lntighingiy refusing to say another word, hu withdrew tu a window in no envinblo state of inimt. Thuro could 110 longer be any doubt about it. . Sho wsb entirely unworthy 1 Not only did sho lmvo 11 history tlint would not benr investigation, but sho was a henrtloss coquette as well. Why had ho allowed iiimsulf to hecomo so in fatuated, knowing wluil ho did of lior hidden past V Would sho lmvo the grace to bu ashamed when slio found what lie know, or would situ smile still, as if fruo from guile? Something Harry Moadu was saying interrupted these bitter reflections by catching bis attention, llarry was just beginning to practico law, nnd was no thing if not lognl. "Otto hits to'bo vory careful in that State," wns his remark, jestingly made. "Tlioy have Bort of junipiiig-ovorrthu- bruouiBlick laws there." " WImt do you moan ?" Itn inquired unsuspiciously. " Oh, only 0110 is liablo to find himsolf married boforo ho knoWB it I" Itiughod llnrry, Frank listened ongorly. A slight slindo j of anxiety crept over Ita's bright face ns sho nskoil tremulously, — " How cap that lie ? What is tho law ?" " Don't ho nlnrmed, Miss Fales, You nra nil right, unless you have been ac knowledging iiutuubudy as your husband boforo witnesses." Frank uttered an oxclnmntiou. j Jta had grown pnlo, nnd trembled ; init witli an effort to conceal these traces of ' emotion slio asked carelessly, — | " Why, wli.it would happen if I — if any body liuil done tlint ?" " Simply, if such n clnim wns mndo liy ; either party, it would ho u lognl mar- 1 ringo." lta triod to forco lior whito lips to smile. "How singular 1" qhp iptwagod io sny. Then her eyes met those of Frank, which were fixed upon lior ongorly, ami tottering backward she fell in 11 swoon. Miss M'eiulo sprang and lifted bur, while Flunk poured out 11 glass of wator, nnd sprinkled liurforobend. in a moment she revived, and, aftor tlio first bowildoriuant, expressed herself ns wholly uiiublo to ac count for hor indisposition. ; alio avoiilixl glancing iv. FranV.'il direc tion, and though attempting to nppoitr ns usual, tho effort was porcuptibjo. Tlio two young .111011 soon took thoir leave, Miss Meado remaining. ."Curious sho should lmvo fnlntod at that particular inoiuout wasn't it ?" said llarry, whou tlioy woro out of hearing. "It would almost iuako 0110 suspect that sho hud boon up to sbmething qj'tlp) kind." - ' . Hit, was a more coincidence, sf courso," said Frank, briefly. "I suppose it must lmvo boon, for I have Iteurti her say tlioy wars vory Btriot at tlio sohool, and slio had no gentleman acquaintntioo except lior cousin, whom lior fathor was vory anxious to hqyn marry." !' Whn|; is his pqipu ?" salted V'rnnk. . H Fn|es, qa lipi'D- Dutduiiotho jonlous, ulil hoy, Ho is angular nnd choiniunl and gravo, mid slio detests him." As soon ns possiblu Frank pnrtod from his companion, nnd went homo with hia hand in a whirl, Was it possiblo that those two hours in whioh sho hud called him herhuslmnd had- given him tlio right to oluitn hor \ TI,io. idea made all his pulses boat wildly, tlor agitation would soetn to jirovo that thero had been no timrriagd previously with that bugbbuiv St! Oliiir. ' Perhaps ho had boon a villain, w|iu luid t\ecoi'yeiy an'fl di'yuyjofl ||0f ! .'yhp.inys.tei-y sooinyij \\(i gyqw deeper, nm| ho je|(; , tjpyyltf q'oji, hoar t|\o . gt raid lltugira. (''ftrtghntply, HhUP Woro quly a fyw ilnys qifiyt) huforo tho your woqUI hp up. ' But would sho koop hor word, ho voudored. CHAPTER IV. . ' , Miss Mondo sotLluil the Inttor doubt for liiui. Front hor ho loiirnod that Itn was about to pay a visit- to nu old schoolimito : who lived in tho siiiiio town whore tho BOinlnnry was. Triumphant over this information, and yt profoundly uiisuniblo, Frank wont to hid hor goud-byo boforo her departure. Ho bad not seen bur sinco the day she so suddenly fainted, and whou sho ontered tho parlor wlioro he wnitnd lie was sur prised and touched by tlio oliiingo in bur iippeiirniiee. Tlio bright, joyous expres sion lit wliiuli lie bud su oi'Luii secretly cavilled, hueniiHo of its scorning iiieon- nislimcy after wlutt Imd happened, now , hail given placo to nno anxious and sail, such as ho Imd folt ought to bu upon her faeo. -Yet bo wns sorry to seo it, now it really was tlioru, and bis doubts, somu way, lnultud before it, leu, ing a flood uf tenderness ill his heart. Shu did not look at him as sho onlarcd, but downward, ami was norruus and un like lior bright, vivacious sc. if. " V'ou are going nwuy, I bear ?" said Frank, after a fuw coiiiinoiiplaue roiimrku had passed between Ilium. "yes," was hor low rospotiBO. "I have to mnko a promised visit to u dear school friend, Bertio Snow." Frank woll remembered tho name, nnd thought of wizoued littlo Miss Snow with . her tears nnd emotion. WImt 11 muddle it nll'wuB ! "1 hope that you will enjoy it very much," he said, after 11 moment, finding nothing bettor to express. Slio pulled tlio lacoou her dress unonsily, while she responded, — "Thank you. Olio never can toll what may occur, you know." Llo moved 11 litllo nearer nn tho sofa where both woro aittiug. " I trust you lmvo no ronl reason for any sorious apprehension I" " All I I do not know that I have," sho answered. Then lie saw her lip quiver and a tear steal down lior uliuuk. At this ho forgot everything except tlmt I10 loved hur, and suddenly grasping the trembling white luiiid in bis, oxeliiiincd impetuously, — " You nre in sumo trouble. Tell 1110 — let 1110 help you ! You need fear nothing, for I — " "No, no I" slio interrupted, elm- ting away from him. " 1 can tell you least of nil I Do not nek 1110 what if. is. Let us say good-byo, and — anil do not blnmo 1110 for anything." Shu looked up nt him for tliu first timo sineu his coming, nnd as her oyes mot 1)10 entreaty mid tenderness in hiu brown ones sumo responsive expression flashed into her own. Thon, flushing crimson, site turned and lloii from tho room. Frank wont nwny in a stale of mind that bo could not mmlyzu. Ho did nut know whetlior ho was happy or wretched. He passsd tlio remaining time, before starting on bis own journey, in nltonmto bliss ami despair ; bliss at remembering that last look which had seemed to reveal tlmt lta loved him — despair at tho thought that wlmt ito was so soon to loam might separate them forever. When nt Inst lio nppronuhed tho old cliureh at tho appointed hour, his lioad burned witli feverish cxcitcinont. It wns it bright moonlight evening, nud hu went up close to tho church, in its deepest shadow. Ho was onrly, as lie had intendod, mid no 0110 was in sight, l'ro-, soutly, however, ho descried a fonmlu figure approaching rapidly, nud soon re cognized tlio long, dmk clonk nnd largo lint of a year ago. Slio cmno nearer. Frank's heart bent so loud that ho thought she must hear it, but slio stopped without perceiving him in the slindo whore ho stood. As shu glnncod around tho moonlight fell upon hur fncu, nnd iiu could sec that it woro mi anxious but dolci-mined look. Calming himself by nn effort, Frank moved, nnd in a low, partially disguised voico said, — " I am hero, Mrs. St. Clnir." Itn gnio a start, of affright, but, quickly recovering herself, said, looking toward tlio form linidly distinguishable (rum tlio surrounding dusk.-r " I did not seo you nt first, sir." Frank mumbled somotliiug indistinctly in response. "1 lmvo kopt my word, air, though not quito in tlio spirit in whioh it was iiuulo," lla continued, with a soriousuoss that soomed vory strmigo in hor. "J hnvo learned sinco how vory wrong I wns in doing wlmt I did, mid I want fust of all to bug your pardon. From what 1 saw of you, 1 believe you to bo n gantlummi, unit 1 11111 going to trust you us buuIi." Slio waited for somo reply, 1 ut Frank gavo none, llo was liesitating whotlicr lo reveal himsolf now or later. His siluiico surprised her, and alio oust a doubtful glance nt tho littlo tlmt sho aould soo of him. This dcciduil him, nud ho stopped forward slowly. lta watched his tnll figure as it omorged from tlio shadow, but when his features crow distinct lior oyos diluted, as if itjhiul boon a ghost from tho comctory bphipd, nnd she stood staring, stunned and motion less. "|t is I," ho said, breaking tho silonos. At this sho found speech. "You I" alio gasped. " You I You liorol Must I buliovo tlmt it was you who— nil, how cruol to decoivo 'tun so long I" Btia Broke luto sobs, and wont mid lcunod hor faco against u granite post ut tlio ohureh-ynrd gate, Frank foUftWotj quickly, nnd bout over hor. "Don't fool so badly cvoi- Tt," ;ho pleaded. . I did not know, wlint to. do, tho oircqinatanooa wore ho peculiar, utid I thought it bast to lot ovonts' shape thoir own courBO until tho timo you yourself had nppointod. If I wns wrong, forgive mo." _ "To think you ltavo knowi\ all this timo I" sobbod lta, " How yon must linvo laugdpd tft yovtrsolf whettovor you ' if RW misjudge mo. It wns far too atirioqa a mutter for that, 1 assure you," ho replied earnestly, "Can you not roly upon 1110 more than on tho strmigur you thought to mnot ? Do you not know I will do anything to help you, ovpn at tha sacrifice of my own honcn !" " I— I do, b.P.t do»bt that," she mur- ' Thon Bho stole n glmioo nt him, qud cfiod Yohomontly, " Alt, how you will desniae mo when you know nil I Oh, I wish I had oonfossod everything a year ugo, ns l was loin plod to do If'.. " Omi you not liuvo more oonfidonco in mo now than you could tli'on ?" " No," bIio ritiiriicil, pettishly, thon quickly ndding, that iq— ( ijo. not menu I liuvo not coiifiijouou in you, nut — it is liurdo pa.w.V, t'.'lion I vy-ill reloaso you from your proniiBo. 1 will bo of any service that I onn. but you nood tell iqy uolbing." , He movod a ftjw paces farther from hor as ho tlmndtngnmilinaiisly gavo hor baok iH'V word, itn looked ut him half wist fully, half ashamed. \- " Bat I want lo tollyou,"Bhoroniiujcod, nOvnnoing 11 littlo ; " only— you won't duspiso me, will you ?" "Novor, However torriblo tho soorot iniiv bo, 1 will glvo you my aid and sym- imilty, 'he replied firmly, (Situ gazed admiringly at tho manly couutcnmico for mi instant, thou inughed hysterically, "Tlmt is tlio wont of it," slio said, "If | tlioru only was a lorriblo secret, I would not euro so much." Frank stared. " " I don't undcrstmid you," lio said. " I mean," shu explained, twisting mid ' untwisting hor handkerchief, mid bunging 1 hur head guiltily, " J mean tlmt it is all very commonplace and — and ridiuuious. 1 " Ridiculous I" eulioed Frank. ! "Absolutely ridiculous, Yousooitnll cmno about through tlio rivalry butwoon ; Alieo Wold 11111I mysulf ut school. Slio 1 was quooii of 0110 suction, ami 1 wnsqiioon of iiuollior. Of uoiii'hu nil the girls wore I vary ruiiimitic, mid hum she had at first mi iidvmiliigo over mu ; slio Imd n teal lovor who used to throw notes up to hor window timl on sloiios, ami alt suuli inte resting tilings. Thon, tu booveti, of courso , 1 Imd to lmvo a lover, too." | lta glanced up ut Jiis attentive, por- pioxud face, and licreoiitritu look changed . into 11 roguish 0110 us shu continued, — j " I had a most duvolud lover whom I . dourly lovud. His iiiiiuu was Arthur St. . Clair." (II uro Frank fi- owiiod.) "As i papa wns at tlmt timo anxious I should marry my cousin, you sue it nuido 11 vory nice rouuiiiou." " Very," said Frank, dryly. This confession was torture to him, nnd she Imd called it ridiuuious. " Arthur St. Olaii- and I iiBud-to tiavb- voryroiiianlio Iniutitiiigs Tiiid ad ventures,"-' resumed J In. " Fapu grew 111010 and more dulei'iniiiod that I hIiouIiI inni-ry my cousin. All tho girls woro in a dreadful Blnlo of ex citement over it, mid Alico Weld was no where. Thon, just before I gruduntod, wo all thought it wuukl bo bo roinautio if I Bliould Buorotly marry Arthur, bo papa couldn't forco 1110 to n union witli my cousin, So Arthur uiid I arranged it all, mid Borlio Snow told lior nuut, who, hav ing lust a lovor in her youth, was vory sympathetic, ami Ihoj, unknown to ino, got lip tho supper lo which Arthur nnd I woro to come aftorlho ceremony. Arthur not making his nppem-mieo, I nskod you to cumu in ids place." 1 Frank stoucl biting his lip jealously and1 frowning. " 1 don't quite understand," ho said glooinly. " Where was this Arthur St. Clair tlmt hu didn't uiarry you ?" Itn tried to look very surious ns if fool ing she ought, but there was a mischiev ous twinklo in hor oyos, ns slio re plied, — " Don't you soo ? Thoro wasn't any sucii person. It wns all un invontion from beginning tu end." Frank started, stared incredulously, then his euiiiiluumico changed magically, mul ho burst into a laugh in which lta joined. "I understand now," ho exclaimed, as soon ns hu eould speak. "Whou Miss. Snow invited you to tho Biippor, you didn't know wlmt lo do, nnd enmo mid nskud 1110 to go." | " Slio didn't tell me until tho lost moment," said lta, uxlommtiugly, "and 1 had seen yon pass oflon mul — in met, 1 pointed you out lo tlio girls ns Arthur. Boforo I left school I confessed tlio wiioio, greatly to thoir odilicnliou. 1'oor Alias, Snow, tiloiio, I did not undoceivo. Bortio said it would mnko her feel bo bad. My coiiscieucu reproached mo for that part, but tlio other 1 thought a good joko until — until — " She stopped, coiifusud mul blushing, ' Frank comprehended lior moaning, however. Reliuvud of his terriblo foars, lio wnB his audacious self onco mora. "You woro frighlunod by Hurry Meado'o words," liu said. " Did 1 nmko such a bad husband llioso two liuurs ?" Sliu avertud hur bond. j "Oil, no I" sho imirinurod, - "Thon suppoBO 1 should assort (ho right Hurry says tho law givos in this Stuco V" " 1 should hnvo to submit lo tlio law, of course," she returned very mookly. Frank was close to her sido now, and, with liiB lips almost touching her chock, whiBpuroil, — " Don't you think it will bo bolter not to undeceive poor Aliss Snow, lta ?" "Perhaps so— as long ns Arthur is yon," slio replied, with arch toudor- i1cbb, And tlion hu drew tho sweet fnoo up to his, and lta's mystery wns solved. j 