THE EXILE'S DAUGHTER. (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of "Cruel London," "Clytie," X-p Xfd. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) "Good luck, Mester Jessop!" shouted Sol. "Come and got drunk. She wore a wreath of roses!" "Ah, yo blathering fool!" said Jessop, impatiently, and then waving his hand once more, he added, "Good-bye. owd wiseacre! and passed on towards Castleton, to be stopped at a bend in the road by Zftuack Bradford, who was smoking blmld-day pipe by the brook, and overlooking a tiny pool that reflected rippling shadows of rock and lichen, and nodding ferns that Zodack s mind rested upon "like sitting on a silken cushion to a tired man," he said to himself. Hearing a heavy foot crunching the road way ahead he looked up to meet tlie un usually defiant gaze of Jessop Blythc. "Why, where art thou off to, Jessop?" asked Zodack, taking his pipe from his mouth, and putting the question with some thing like anxiety in the tone of his voice. "Gie us your hand, Zodack," said the outcast of the Ropery. "Good-bye, owd lad!" .. "Good-bye," said Zadock; "What s the trouble?" Jessop dropped the lapidary's band, flung hts old grey coat over his shoulder, said, "Ob, nowt! I'm goin' to seek my fortune!" and went his way. "If thou hadst used water to polish thy wit with, instead of alcohol," said Zodack. as be knocked the ashes out of his pipe, "thou mlght'st have found thy fortune at home!" CHAPTER III.— AT THE GATE OF THE WINDS. It begins with "Windy Knoll" and ends with "The Travellers' Rest." Windy Knoll is the crown of the Winnatts Pass over looking as wild a region as you may find In England. At the date of this history, only a few years ago, "The Travellers' Rest" was anything but tlio haven its titlo would suggest. Amidst the storm and stress of >\ indy Knoll God dwelt with His wonders of cloud and sky. At the foot of the Pass within the walls of his misnamed hostlery lived Scarthin Blythe, a libel on the original man whom God made in his own image. The simple people of the Peak still call the craggy gorge between Buxton and Cas- tleton "the Gate of the Winds." as it was named of old by their predecessors who endowed the country with such land marks as "God's City," "Millstone Nick," "The Toad's Mouth," "The Devil's Hole," "Odin's Mine." "Dead Man's Ciough," and "Hope Dale." The poet who said that "seas are the fields of combat of the four winds" had never faced the land storms of the New World, nor ridden through the northern passes of the old. It was no wind of the seas that blew through the rocky gates as Jessop Blythe fought his way to his brother's abode on the night of his banishment from God's Factory, and the oruel abandonment of his wife and child. It started forth as do the rivers of the Peak from subterranean depths, from un explored caves and bottomless waterways. It was a local wind, that was content to storm the hills of Castleton, and tear up and own the mile of ragged cleft that gives at last upon the Vale of Hope senti nelled by Mam Tor, and watched over by Win Hill, that had home the shock of storm and tempest from the day of their first upheaval. From this gate of the winds you enter a vast amphitheatre of stone- walled mea dows, scattered homesteads, and heather- clad hills. Easterly stands Castleton, with its Ropery and Cavern, Hope, Brough, and Hathersage. and Northerly Win Hill cut ting In twin the moorland lines that break upon Hallamshire. Topping the mountain ous hillocks or marking their lower borders tower the shooting boxes of noble land owners, some of them marking the very outposts of the Danish armies that, with stood Alfred and Edward his son in these stony regions of Derbyshire, among whose many military relics still stands within the region dominated by the gate of the Winds the castellated tower of William of Poveril, the natural son of William the Conqueror. The natives of tlie Peak in the olden days had noted as a fact what their suc cessors of to-day regard as a curiosity that the winds blowing from every quarter of the compass appear to mark the pass of ; the Winnatts as their own. They had as- | sailed the limestone fortresses, and hurled the dust of ages around its turreted peaks centuries before Saxon and Norman; and to-day the sou-weser is just as triumphant in its autumnal revels as the four winds are wild and furious when they gather their forces to toss the snow sky-high until the valley seems to be thick with ghosts and iho hilltops resound with the cries of de mons. If the sea rolled in the deeps of the Winnatts, and washed the foot hills of the adjacent mountains it would be alive with traditional fiends like the lonely heights of Belle Isle on the Iron bound coast of New foundland. Not that the rocky way through the windy gates is without its tales of misery and death. It has its ghosts of two unhappy lovers, who on their way to a rival of the blacksmith of Gretna Green, who lived in the region of WIndyKnoll were murdered in the pass, and buried in one of the many secret places of the winds. Tradition, though it does not record tlie names of the unhappy victims, brings the murderers to justice, which is more than was done as it seems for a certain Xortham Holmes, whose untimely end at the gate of the winds, while it is a preliminary in cident of these columns, only casts an at tenuated shadow over the life of the as sassin or his brother, who was an unwil ling posscsssor of his guilty secret. It, nevertheless, supplies the keynote of the character of the master of "The Travellers' Rest," and helps to justify the evil reputa tion of the Blythes, who, nevertheless, give to these- chronicles a heroine not un worthy of tlie boasted nobility of the wo men of the Great High Peak. When the wind was at its height, two men were having a bitter altercation In n lonely room of the Travellers' Rest that had once been its bright and comfortable bar- parlor. They were Jessop Blythe and his elder brother Scarthin. Jessop had a little matter of business to transact with his brother before leaving the neighborhood. They told him at the Duke's Head that Scarthin had ridden through the village in the morning, and had said ho did uot expect to he back until late. Jessop had, therefore, liugered about the village until it was dusk. Then he con cluded to walk to tho Travellers' Rest and wait Scarthin's return. He could walk on through the night to ChapeJ-on- Ie-Frith, and get a train there for Liverpool, or walk to the northern seaport for that matter, seeing that he had plenty of time on his hands. This is how it was that Jessop and his brother met at an eventful moment m this history. They both looked far older than their age. Scarthin was bony and wrinkled, with small, shifting eyes, unusually close together, and a mouth that was as hard as his voice and tight as the grip of his knuckly fingers. His face was an index to his avaricious and treacherous nature, though he managed to put a certain kind of forced smile into it that deceived not a few. 1-Ie was not more than forty years of age, and yet during his short life, by dint of every artifice known to tho miser and financial trickster, he had accumulated considerable moneys and had liens on many properties. During his tenancy of the Tra vellers' Rest, which lie had come into as mortgagee, he had allowed that once- popu lar hostelry to degenerate into what might have been called a hovel but for its hand some forecourt and artistic facade. It was said of a London poet that, run ning to pick a buttercup, he vas chag rined to find it was a guinea. Scarthin Blythc'a naturo was just the opposite of this. If he had mistaken a buttercup for a sovereign he would have trampled the flower to pulp with his steel-tipped boots Nothing was of the smallest moment to him that was not gold or capable of being turned into money. Tf it was possible? for him to love anything, it was Jcssamy Rod, his mare, one of tho most remarkable ani mals among tlie many fast-goers in the Peak. Nothing could beat her; nothing could touch her, up hill or down; ami she was tho one living thing that Scarthin was ever known to talk to in unything ap proaching to pleasant tones. His voice way almost human when ho addressed her, hit hand almost tender when he stroked' her silky mane. Jessop Blythe, sober, was as firm and steadfast in his manner as Scarthlu wi«» nervous and shifty. One looked you stead ily In the face, the other looked every way but into your eyes, and never stood still- yet Scarthin had been successful in many an ugly tussle with trained men who fight steadily. If you are brought up in the Peak country of Derbyshire, you have to fight from your boyhood up; for if there are noble exceptions and fine men to quote to tho contrary, there is a good deal of the savage still left in the Derbyshire nature Quarrelsome men about Castleton how- over, wero wary r.f Scarthin Blvtho. The tips of his boots were as sharp as the grip of his hard right hand was vice-like and vicious. Good a fellow as Jessop was when compared with his brother, his moral char- acter, as we ltnow, was nothing to boast of, but ho was his own enemy. Ho had in jured nobody of. malice prepense. Drink and shiftlcssncss were his besetting sins, ministered to by a love of company, a hand at cards, and the discontent that comes of idleness. It was thought that marriage would reform him, a terrible .mis sion coo often assigned to a trusting wife. For a whole month it seemed as if Jessop had turned over a new leaf for good. After this he fell back into bad ways, and his wife bore tho change "with an ill grace," his mother said, "instead of coaxing th' lad, and not tryin's patience wP hard words," and before half a year was over they led a eat and dog's life. From loving tho wo man. as he thought, he came to hate her, and they parted as we have already under stood. Once during this last day before ho left Castleton, as he vowed "for good and all." it came into his mind to go and say good-bye to her, and ask her forgiveness, and kiss his little one, and embrace his mother; but he hardened his heart against his good impulses, though he knew that hts mother at least, In her querulous way, was' fond of him, and had always taken his part. "No," he said, "I won't be a weak fool, I'll go my ways: they've turned me adrift, and I'll go. Scarthin Blythe shall give me a slip of paper about that money on th' cottage, or let the whole thing loose, and I'll write mother a letter from Liver pool. Zodack Bradford will stand by 'cm, and young Tregarron no waster; besides there's owd Woodruffe, he didua half like his job to-day, he winnat see harm com" to them." Thus for his good thoughts; to them may be added u vague hope that Fate would befriend him beyond the seas; Amer ica was his El Dorado. He had hoard of such wondrous fortunes won by Englishmen out there that he did not see why he might not have a chance to share iu the good luck of other emigrants who had worked out their passages by land and sea. Only on the previous Saturday night, at the Wheatsheaf, there was an Irishman who had been a lead miner twenty years back, and who was now on a visit to the Peak to show his wife and daughter the country he had worked i:i when he was poor, before lie had tlie courago to emigrate to California, whore he had mined his way into over ten thou sand pounds, every penny of which he had brought home with him. Jessop tried to think that his disgrace had come upon him as a lucky impulse to force liini out of the count it. to compel him to get away over the hills that had shut him down iu Castleton, as if he were a prisoner. "You'll keep it dark," said Scarthin, whose voice the wind seemed to mock with a "hoo-hoo-hoo" as it roared down tho chimney, bringing with it a. volume of smoke. "Maybe I will, maybe I wlmmt," was the response, and the wind still took part in the interview, shaking the outer shut- tors and whistling in the chimney-stack, tlie fire leaping up in the grate for a mo ment and illuminating the angry faces of the brothers. "Is it only maybe, Jessop?" said Scar thin. "only ma- be?" "That's all," was the reply. "Is it so, by Gash," commented the other, "what's to decide th-may-be?" "Oh, one thing or another," said Jessop, in a free-and-easy way. "You don't propose to come to any con clusion about it, eh?" "I've never had to corae to conclusion about such a devilish piece of work before to-neet," said Jessop, his eyes fixed upon his adversary, who shifted his position every now and then, as a man might do who contemplated taking another at a disadvantage in a sudden assault. "Oh, you haven't, haven't you?" said Scarthin, "but by Gosh you've gotten to glo me your word one way or another be fore you leave Travellers' Rest, or my name isna Scarthin Blythe." Scarthin was growing angry. He snarled between his words, and his small tyes sparkled. The more he was agitated the calmer grew Jessop, who was not— luckily for him — at the moment tinder tho influence of Dutch courage. Though he had lingered about Castleton for an hour or two prior to leaving, he had contented himself with but one drink, and that was by way of accompaniment to his supper at tlie Wheat Sheaf, which he intended should be his stay until lie was well 011 his way through the night and into tlie next morning. "Do you hear me, Jessop?" exclaimed Scarthin, his last remark having elicited no reply from his brother. "I say you've gotten to come to a decision before you leave Travellers' Rest, or my name isna Scarthin Blythe." "Aye, I hear," Jessop answered, "some folk ca yo by another name, and by God. it seems to me yo deserve if." "You think so, do you." hissed Scarthin, between his broken teeth, " yo, I've a good mind to throttle you." Scarthin was losing control of himself. He had sworn. It was altogether against his principles to swear. Equally contrary was it to his policy ever to threaten. He boasted himself that he never threatened, never said he would do a thing, that he did not do it. But Jessop's cool, watch ful manner and his contemptuous words threw down his moral defences. "Yo'd better not try it on wi' me," said Jessop, planting his feet firmly, stiffening his muscles, and waiting for the attack, which came while lie was warning his assailant. Scarthin, with the spring of a tiger, flew at Jessop's throat. He was caught with a grip of iron and shaken off. Scar thin at tho moment had the courago of at. animal at bay. Staggering to his feet he hit out with his right a blow that might have felled an ordinary man, but Jessop caught it with his left-hand guard, and landed his assailant a counter on the chest that sent him reeling against the furthest wall, where he gasped and fumed and cursed between ins struggles for breath as if he had been accustomed to profane swearing all his life. "Yo're a fool. T tell yo' to try that game on wi' me, Scarthin; if I was not a good- tempered sort of chap I should have knocked your cursed head off," said Jes sop. taking out a tobacco pouch and filllug his pine. Scarthin watched him with a hato that was half tempered with admiration; for was not this fighting man his brother, and had he not spared him? Tn his place, Scarthin reflected, as lie trembled by tho wall, ho would have killed him. Jessop went to the fire and thrust the howl of his pipe between the bars and began to smoke. As he stooped it Gashed through tho treacherous mind of Scarthin that he ought to have waited for a moment like that before he had attacked him, so quickly did the vicious impulse follow tho glimpse of a more generous thought. "We might as well talk this thing out like men," said Jessop. "Like brothers," said Scarthin, humbly. "Cain and Abel were brothers," said Jes sop, pulling at his pipe. (To bo continued.) 