HUMOUR- Mistress : ' What did yon do with the mousetrap, Bridget?' Bridget: 'I burnt it up, mum. It was attracting all tho mice in the house.' Little Georgy—' Papa, why do you say that tho pen is more powerful than the sword?' Papa—'J3ec.au6o you cannot sign cheques with a sword.' ' No, thank you, I've got some of my own,' said little Tommy, politely, as the contribution box pauhed in fronL of him on the occasion of his first visit to church. 'What didyou pot nt your last placed New Cook—'A box of gloves and several, pieces of nico jewellery ; but tho lady went through my trunk and recovered them before I got away.' Mr. Goff—' What sido of the street do vou live on ?' Witness—* On cither sido. If you go one way it is on tho right side; if you go the other way it is on the left.' ' I don't understand you. A few minutes ago you said Meddlesomo was a great business man, and now you say be doesn't know his own business.' 'Exactly; other people's business is his specialty.' ' Have you received an invitation to the bachelors' ball ?' ' Yes, indeed. I'm to be the only girl there.' ' What!' • Yes; really. You know the bachelors onl7 had an invitation apicce to send out, and I've received one from eaoh.* ' I see,' said Mrs Wickwire, ' that two million boxes of oranges were froien on the trees in Florida. I don't understand it.'. ' Don't understand it,' echoed Mr. Wickwire. ' The statement is plain enough.' ' Yes; but do they grow in boxes on the trees 'f Trotter—' 1 mot a very pleasant relative of yours in the mountains this rear. Ho was very kind too, and lent me ten dollars when I was particularly hard up.' Faster (sadly) —' I'm afraid you're mistaken. I haven't got any such relative.' ' I'm so sorry suppor isn't ready,' said Mrs. Dinsmore to her husband when he crime in. ' I attended the meeting of the sowing circle this afternoon, and I couldn't get an-ay.' 'Hemmed in, wero youP asked her husband. A little girl, agod nine, called her father to her bedside a few evenings ago and said; ' Papa, I want to ask your advice.' ' Well, my dear, what ia it about?* ' What do you think would be best for you to give me on my birthday next week f ' Mr. Wilkes, your column of 'personal gossip in the last number of your paper was the raciest thing 1 know. Where aid yoa get all tho information ?' ' My wife had the Sewing Circle at our house last Saturday, and I ooncoaled a phonograph in the room.' w ' I hope you don't find the amount unreasonable,* said the landlord. ' Oh no,' was the reply, ' tho amount iB very reasonable. What 1 want to know is how many months do you give me to pay it in ? Of course, I want a reasonable tune. to pay a reasonable bill* Hojack: ' My wife only writes to me once a .week;,while.-she is away.*. Tomdik: • 'Mine writes Tegulartythree Hojack ; *She ;inust be very fond of you.' ' ' Tomdik: fShe is; and thai, I only send her money enough to last two days 'at a. Mr. Trotter: «I told you that Cholly'a attentions to Emily Brown wuuld never amount to anything.' Mrs, Trotter: 4 Well, you were wroug again; they frightened Dick Froser into pro* posing at last, and Emily has accepted There are many men who are afraid 0Jf ghosts who have no fear of spirits. Actors, draughtsmen, dentists and mustard plasters ought to draw well. Did the. doctor Seem to, understand Hieka' case ? Yes, perfectly; he collected his money after ^aoh visit. }Irs, Ways=Pon't you ever do anything at all? Weary. Wfttkins^Oh, yes, mum! Clerk-J'd like to get off for a few da-e, E^mployer^rB.visinesa or pleasure? JJJK-^ gnsnew, Fa to tem%rried, ! f A New York lady few been prose. »»ed fur smoking a Cigarette Ss the streets. The law la unwise in this. Why interfere with a woman foe raguM- {fast brnilw VgubwlC ^ iii 