THE BENDIGO ADVERTISE (published daily) BENDIGO, TUESDAY, MAY ~1, 1895. THE TICHBORNE CLAIMANT. 1 One of the most remarkable trials that ever'j took place in a court of justice was that of the Tichborne claimant. In mere length if probably never was exceeded, for it com mencéd on 24th August, 1873, and was not concluded until the end of February, 1874\. In the amount of public .in terest which it aroused,- it' has not been surpassed. The claimant asserted that he was Sir Roger Charles Tichborne, the lost heir to the Tichborne estates. The strong points in his favor were that he had a pretty intimate knowledge of Tichborne family affairs, that Lady TicJ)J)orne acknowledged him as her son, and that his brother officers in the regi ment to which he had belonged also recog nised him as their former comrade. Those members of the Tichborne family who believed he was a' rank hiiposter* resisted the claim, on the grounds that he was not a Tichborne, but Arthur Orton, alias Thomas Castro, a butcher from Wagg-, New South Wales, and expended £90,000 in doing. In support of this contention it was set forth thac the real heir was of slight build, that he was an educated man, and could speak fluently in French, and that there was no family resemblance, the claimant being a stout, coarse uneducated man. The extraordinary in terest aroused by the trial has never been properly explained. The claimant had backers evidently who knew how to pull the ropes. The prize to be won was a rich estate, and a title. On his behalf it was | strongly urged that he was a poor man \ fighting for his just rights against a wealthy family, and appeals were made to the public for help. This was just the chord to strike to be successful in touching that generous feature of the English character, which ' likes to see fair play, and leans to the weaker side. Money flowed in, wherever , it • came "from, whether from people who honestly believed he was the rightful heir, or from speculative persons who had much to gain in case of winning the suit. That the public took a very lively interest in the trial was also manifested by the return to Parliament of Dr. Keneally, the able advocate for the claimant. - The result of the trial was that the claimant was found guilty of perjury in asserting that he was Sir Roger Tichborne, the heir to the estates, and lie was sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment, with hard labor. He was'released on ticket-of-leave in 1884, after a lapse of about 11 years. Dur ing his imprisonment — and since — he gained greatly in flesh. After his liberation lie took advantage of the notoriety he liad gained, and went about exhibiting himself and giving lectures in order to earn a living. Though found guilty on very strong evi dence, there were still some who believed lie was the person he represented himself to be, and he did nothing to undeceive them. Probably it was not to his interest to do so. For years past, however, the claimant and his doings have dropped out of the public mind. But recent cables have aroused fresh interest, as according to the People, a Sunday newspaper published in j London, the claimant has made a con fession that he is really Arthur Orton. This is certainly satisfactory as showing that the court pronounced a righteous sentence upon him. But why, at this late time, has he confessed. He tried hard for years to keep up the sham. Has the hopelessness of further prosecuting his claim at last dawned upon him, or is it to ease his con science he has confessed to the blackness of his guilt, "r is it to try and earn an honest penny by revealing a true history of his career, and how the great imposture was concocted. The details of the confession so far given, show that in 1852 he sailed in a vessel chartered to convey live stock from London to Tasmania. On arriving there, he worked as a butcher at Ilobart. Subse quently he came to Victoria and entered into the serviceof Mr. Johnson, of MewbumPark, near Mafl'ra, Gippsland. Then for four years he was with Mr. Foster, a well known squatter in Gippsland, and had con trol of the Dargo Station. Next he moved to Flooding Creek, now known as Sale. Afterwards he was engaged as butcher by Mr. M'Manis, at Kilmore. His roving disposition then led him to Riverina, where he carried the Hay mails. About this time he also appears to have resided with Mr. Burrowes, of North Deniliquin, and next, he removed to Wngga, with which place lie has been so intimately associated in his ^trial. trial Urttas asserted chat he': ¡"wás known as ;Castro, who was a butcher 'there, .vaiid i he, acknowledges that he :.was. so , - :kj}i>wii, also that " Dick ''. 'Sladevk'ne'W'^-him " under that name. It appears :álsó that he was married at ..Goulburn.- to . Mary_. Bryant,. first..m .the Roman Catholic,: and :• afterwards in the Baotist- Church, further that he has a brothernamed Charles now living in Sydney. This is about the sum of the information which has been- reccived of the confession", but it is far from complete. It has still ;to be known how he came to assume the character of "Sir Roger." That is a de velopment of the romantic story which will, no doubt, be awaited with much interest by the public. > The Minister of Mines—Mr. J. Stern berg, M.L.C., and Mr. R. O'Neill, M.L.A., last evening received a telegram stating that Mr. H. Fo3ter¡ Minister of Slines, will arrive in Bendigo this evening, and asking them 'to make necessary arrangements. Eirly on Wed nesday morning Mr. Foster, in company with Mr. O'Neill and other members, will visit Ellesmere. They will arrive at Ellesmere about 10 o'clock, and after inspecting the claims on Hunt's and O'Donnell's lines, will he entertained at lunch by Mr. T. O'Donnell, presi dent of the Huntly Shire. Mr. Foster will, on Wednesday evening, receive deputations from: the Bendigo Traders' Association re the charges for water to mines, and also with regard to leasing alluvial lands at Marong. He will also attend the mayor's dinner. During the visit, probably on Thursday morning, Mr. Foster will inspect the lease of the Bendigo MiuiYig Development Company. On Thursday he leaves Bendigo on an official visit to Tourello near Cluues. The Queen's Birthday.—The public jof Bendigo and Eaglehawk are notified that the butcher's shops. will be close^'all day to morrow, on which day the Queen's Birthday will be celebrated by the business people instead of Friday. ¡ The Railway Returns.—Our Melbourne ■ corre'spondD¿t'K-rités-;-^The,1rBvénne from tiie railways llast 'week amounted to £38,557, -as against £41,561 for the corresponding period last year, the falling off being £3,004. The revenue to date from the beginning of the financial year was £2,334,747, against £2,467,'2.47' for the correspqndingpeiiod ofthepreviousyeár. The Argit$,_ in. reviewing,the railway revenue," savs :—Though the railway revenue returns ■ have"been falling off of laté the Commissioners hope that at the end'of the financial year their expectations will be realised. The estimate jof -revenue was ^£2,600,000, or £126,000 less thjxn ¡it was lastiyear. The last weekly return showed the receipts to be £2,296,000, so that £304,0930 remains to be made up. The savings effected in the department during phe nine months, amount to £80;000,' abd ic is exj/eeted thatjat the end of thé year they will reach £110,000,:so that the deficiency will be only £16,000 more thun last year. " A Bicycle Built for Two."—A very good performance was made yesterday on " a bicycle built for two" by Mr. W. Boyle, of the Adelphi hotel, Ipglewood, and his young son Chirles, who is jnst three a half years of age. Seated on the " hi" they left Inglewood, 30 miles dis tant, yesterday morning, with the lad as " steer ing" passéogér, and the journey was completed in about four hours (allowing for intervals en route). The youngster was so highly delighted with the trip that he wanted to make the return journey last night, but his pater thought that " discretion was the better part of valor," and decided to remain in Bendigo over-night. False Alarm.—At 7 o'clock last night the alarm of fire was given from the fire tower. The firemen turned out, but the cause proved to be the burning'of some 'rubbish in Bayne-stredt, off Lucan-s.treet. ... - ! Visit of Mr Michael Davitt.—A meeting of the executive committee was held last event ing at the Courthouse hotel. Mr. W. Crowley Oc cupied the chair. The secretary was instructed to send a letter of thanks to the Melbourne ije- • ..oeption committee forT the, kindness shown rto the Bendigo delegates. It wasj.deeided thp.t the. subject of the first lecture be " Parliamen tary Photographs," and the second "The Lifcior Question in Great Britain." It was resolved to ask Mr. Davitt to deliver a third lecture before his departure from the colony, the subject to be " Ireland : Her ancient customs and literature." It was agreed to: ihvite: the members for the district and councillors of Bendigo and Eagle hawk to meet Mr. Davitt at the railway station. Mr. Hogan offered the hospitality of his hotel to Mr. Davitt. The offer was accepted, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Hogan for the valuable services rendered by him in connection with the proposed reception. Late Train.—The first train from Mel bourne was. nearly an hour late in arriving, owing, it is said, to inferior coal. The up country service was proportionately delayed.' Serious Accidest.—Yesterday afternoon an accident befel Mrs. Hart, the mother of Mrs. J. Francis, a well-known and highly-respected resident of Bull-street. The old lady, who has reached the ripe age of 86, was gathering some chips in the yard at the rear of her cottage, and on turning round.to re-enter the house trod on a round stone which caused her to fall violently to the ground, her right hip striking a large piece of wood. Drs. Atkinson and Macgillivray, who were sent for, on examination, found that the sufferer had sustained a severe fracture of the hip. ' Illness of Mr. Martin Clifford.—List night Mr. Martin Clifford, the well-known cab proprietor, was taken suddenly ill at his resi dence at Quarry Hill. Mr. Clifford was about the city (luring the day, and up to the time he went to bed was apparently in his usual state of health, but shortly after he retired he was attacked with paralysis of the brain. Dr. Boyd and Dr. Reid (who is acting as locum Unan for Dr. Gaffney) were speedily summoned, and were unremitting in their attention to the patient, who at a late hour was still in a very Eerious condition. OBITUARY.—Shortly before midnight Mr. George Martin Newman, son of the late Mr. George Martin Newman, one of the earliest discoverers of gold on Bendigo, passed away in the Bendigo Hospital from an attack of con- gestion of the lungs and pleurisy, at the age of 29 years. The deceased, who was unmarried, had been engaged in mining pursuits in Bendigo for several years past, and enjoyed good health up to a week ago, when he caught cold, and pleurisy and congestion of the lungs super- vened. The funeral takes place at half-past three o'clock to-morrow. The Dingee Accident.—The little girl, daughter of Mr. Forestall, of Dingee, who was so terribly injured in a buggy accident at that place on Friday last, is doing very well in the hospital, considering the nature of the injuries. A "Cold" Case.—In the City Court again yesterday morning the absence of a fire was very apparent, but all concerned had to sit shivering ia the cold. During the rather lengthy hearing oí a partnership dispute, in which two undertakers were engaged, the P.M. remarked that possibly an arrangement could be made by which a loan of some firewood ermld be got from the town clerk on the con dition that it should be returned when the Crown Law officers got their supply from the department. Dr. Quick sai •! that if the Go vernment would allow no fires they should supply rugs. Besides, the case they were hear ing then was a very "grave" one. Mr. Kirby suggested that the illustration . was ; rather inapt, and Dr. Quick replied that anyway .it was "cold.'' With this there was nobody to disagree. " The Bible in Shakspeare."—The Con gregational Church was fairly well filled last evening, when the Rev. A. B. Rofe delivered a lecture entitled "The Bible in Shakspeare." The rev. geutlcir.au, who dealt with his subject in a masterly nnoner, proceeded it some length to show that the immortal dramatist in all his plays disclosed a wonderful grasp of religion. He commented on the remarkable similarity between some of the characters in Shakspeare's works and those in the Bible, instancing that of Macbeth, which he said was similar in almost every particular to that of Jacob. The lecturer was assisted by Mrs. Rofe. and Mr. W. H. Chandler who read portions of " Macbeth" :n an effective style. The proceed ings were materially enlivened by musical selections. The choir, under the able con ductorship of Mr. K. Allen Bindley, rendered Loekes' introduction to the tragedy of " Mac beth" in a highly successful manner, the solo parts being ably sustained bj- Mrs. Bindley, Mi.-s Lanyon and Messrs. Armstrong and M'Kce. Miss Abbott efficiently presided at the piano. Mr. J. R. D-dy was deservedly ap plauded for bis vocal contribution " I Seel; for Thee in Every Flower.1' Miss HollicU, a pupil of Mr. Bindley's, made her first appearance in public and elicited hearty applause for her artistic rendering of the song " Whisper and I Shall Hear," with violin obligato by Mr. T. Henderson, who also played a violin solo by Mascagni very creditably. The concluding item on the programme "Sweet and Low" was admirably rendered by the choir. Accident at the Garihaldi Mine.—Yester day morning a young man, named Altred Pinnell, nut with a painful accident while working in the Garibaldi shaft through a stone fallinc; from the bucket on to his arm. The sufferer was attended to by Dr. Howard James, who found it necessary to insert 11 stitches into the wound, "t'innell has only recently recovered from an accident of a similar nature received in the same mino a few weeks ago. Tun Journeymen Butchers—The usual meeting of the Journeymen Butchers took place at the Temple Court hotel '-ast- night, Mr. Ilarpin in the chair. The secretary re ported that all arrangements had been com pleted for the picnic at Cherry Tree, and after routine business had been transacted, the j meeting closed. ' LiceSsixg Cocbt.—Mr. P. J. Dwyer,-. P.M., presided yesterday morning, and. granted per mission to A. Shepherd tcT hold r. dance at the Exchange hotel on Wednesday. * _Ex<;inei>ki\"ers' Examinations. - The board of examiners for enginedrivers—Messrs. Coats, Barnes and T. H. Maynard (secretary)—have been sitting at the School of Mines since Tues day* last,' and concluded yesterday. Altogether oS candidates were examined. Four passed first competency, 17 second competency, two .first service, twe second service, nine failed and the remainder were postponed for various reasons. The b'oárd sits to-day at Ca3tlemaiiie. ""3endii7o" Science Society.—The monthly meeting was held at the School of Mines Chemical Theatre last night. There was! a very fair attendance, Dr. Macgillivray, the president presiding. The ; president gave! a very interesting and instructive address bn " Some rare animals from Central Australia." One of the-principal ones referred to was tjie burrowing frog, which inflates itself with water at the. .. commencement of the dry season and then, buries itself in the clay ponds. Other animals dealt with w^re the honey ants, one sort of which Dr. M'Gil livray confined to Central Australia and another sort to Mexico. A certain number ¡of these ants are kept apart in the burrows or riestsin the galleries of the ant, and fed with nectar from the flowers by the others. Even tually the crop, of the animal became enor mously distended so as to appear like a round ball with a head and front part and the legs protruding from the end. At the time .of the. scarcity of nectar , from the :: fiowejrs: the othersiecurea supplyfromthese "animated honey towers" as Lubbock describes them. When some honey is wanted, an ant strokes one of these with its antena, when it ejects some of the honey from its crop by the mouth, and it is at onco appropriated-by the other. The lecturer mentioned that these specimens •wera given him by Professor Spencar, who pro cured them during his late expedition in Cen tral Australia. Dr. Macgillivray made an ur gent appeal to the people to send to the museum any small animals, especially small field and bush mice. ■ Mr. A. Purdie, M.A., also gave a highly instructive lecturette upon " The pre paration of rock sections, and the use of the -palarascope in determining • minerals." 0n the motion of Mr. J/Robshaw, seconded by Mr. DV .D. Crofts, a hearty vote of thanks was passed tó both lecturers. A vote "of thanks was also passed to:Mr, G- Alec. Thomson for preparing the programme, and the proceedings closed. DEATH OF A FOOTBALLER. — Mr. E. Male, well-known in football circles as a member of the North Bendigo Club, died on Sunday at his mother's residence at California Gully from consumption, from which he has been suffering for some time. Deceased, who was only 24 years of age, was two or three years ago a prominent player. He was well liked by a large number of acquaintances in the district. The funeral takes place to-day, leaving his late residence in Murdoch-street, California Gully, for the Eaglehawk Cemetery at 4 o'clock. The members of the North Bendigo Football Club and Court Happy Valley, A.O.F., of which deceased was a member, are invited to attend. The Barkly Ward Election.—This cam paign will commence on Wednesday night by Mr. S. Ryan, who will meet his friends and supporters at French's hotel, Long Gully, at. 7 p.m.; and Victory hotel, Ironbark, S p.m.; and at B.B, hotel, Bridge-street, at 7 p.m.; and the White Hills at S.30 p.m. Anniversary Tea.—Last evening the tea and public meeting in connection with, the an niversary of the Bible Christian Church, Mackenzie-street, was held, and was- highly successful. The tea was tastefully laid out in the schoolroom, and the tables were attended to by Mesdames Davies, Harrison, Berriman, Rowe, T. H. Davey, Trevascus, Taylor, Earl, Hoskens (3', Donev and Trebilcock. The public meeting, which was" held in the church, was presided over by Mr. C. Perry, J.P., and addresses; principally on church topics, .were, delivered by the Revs. J. Nicholson, J. C. Freeman and If. C. Trebilcock. The 'latter gentlemán also read the treasurer's re port, which'showed that-the total income for the year amounted to £72 3s 9d, while the ex penditure amounted to'£74 2s 8d, including £11 paid off the debt on the church. The choir, under- the leadership of Mr. R. F. Gray, en livened the proceedings by several anthems. Mrs. Trebilcock presided at the organ. The in strumental music was provided by Messrs. Trengove (2), Mallett and Edwards. Sale ok Pictures. — Yesterday afternoon Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. held a sale of oil paintings, the work of the Misses Creeth, at the Bendigo Arcade Auction rooms. The collection comprised some purely original colonial scenery, including Lome-road, Back beach, Portsea, Sphinx Rock, Sorrento, the Black Spur near Fernshaw, Moonlight scene on the Yarra, Home of toe Black Swan, Sydney Heads, above Katoomba falls, Old Chum and the 222 mines from Golden- square, and copies of well known pictures as well as paintings of birds, fruits and flowers. There was a good attendance of the public, and nearly the whole of the pictures were disposed of at satisfactory prices. The Birthday Levee.—His Excellency the Acting Governor will hold a levee at Govern ment House on Friday, in honor of the Queen's Birthday, at a quarter- past 10 o'clock a.m. The Argu-s supplies the following particulars :— Gentlemen attending the hvee are requested to appear in uniform, official dress or morning costume, and to provide themselves with two cards with their names legibly written thereon ; one card to be left on the table at the entrance hall, and the other to be given to the A.D.C., who will announce the name to his Excellency. Gentlemen who have received cards for the private catfce. will be admitted at the main en trance at a quarter-past 10 o'clock a.m., ths other gentlemen at the ballroom entrance at half-past 10 o'clock a.m. Members of the City Council, the Council and Senate of the Univer sity, and officers of the army and navy should assemble in the gallery to the right of the ball room to facilitate their presentation to his Ex cellency. The Independence ok the Benoh.—The re lations between the Crown Law authorities and Judge Molesworth, which for some time have not been of the most harmonioun character, were (says the Age) submitted to a further severe i strain on Saturday, when the department for- j warded a reply to his Honor's letter concerning political influence and the bench. The depart ment informs his Honor that the Government considers that he "has cast the most unmerited aspersions on Parliament and the Government." Anyone reading the remarks would have enter tained at least, the Secretary of the Law depart ment says in his reply, a suspicion that political influence had been brought to bear on his Honor in relation to his judicial functions, and that he had a fear that if he refused a certificate in the case of J. B. Davies, disastrous consequences would be entailed on his Honor in future. This insinuation '.vas utterly unfounded, as was also the one that the Minister of Justice had from sinister motives determined on his Honor's re moval from Melbourne, and then had abandoned that intention for other equall\\- discreditable reasons. The department, in its leugthy letter, proceeds to give an epitome of the previous correspondence on the subject of County Court judges, and concludes by stating that, considering the whole circumstances, the Government is most unwillingly forced to the conclusion that a misuse, great and unnecessary, has been made of the judicial ben;h to obtain redress for what were thought to be personal -grievances. The Government also considers it incumbent on itself to convey its censure of the manner in which the Parliament and general administration have been attacked, and to ex press a sincere hope that in future no judge will, on grounds devoid of foundation, avail himself of his position on the bench to cast dis credit on the members of the highest court of the country. New West Australian Comj'anies.—The following new companies have been registered in London City of London Exploration of West Australia, capital £41.000 ; North-West Australian Ooldfields, £250,000 ; Mure'nison New Chum Gold Mines, £100,000, of which £120.000 is to be issued. Tiie State as a Tenant.—The attention of the Minister of Public Works has been" drawn to the large sum (£20,000) paid annually bv the Government for the rental of private buildings used for post-offices, courthouses, etc. He thinks (writes the Argus) that when landlords have reduced their rents to private individuals without demur the Government should also ob tain reductions. He intends looking into the matter when prepaiiug his estimates for next financial year. " bi.ifiHTi.Y Ij'.isii."'—In writing'concerning Mr. M. Divitt's reception in Melbourne on Satur° day, the .-1,•;/!/? says The Trades' Hall Coun cil have c.utght the Davitt infection. They are all Irish. Mr. Prendergast claims that his father was born in the County of Mayo, and his mother in some county adjacent. Mr. Hancock's mother, most extraordinarily, was an Irishman. After that. " bull" we are dis posed to admit his claim without further in quiry. Mr. Maloney's best half, we learn, " is Irish," but, then at the end comes Mr. Tren witn, who declares that if he isn't Irish, at least he learned his trade from an Irishman and called upon Mr. Max Hirsch for " a few iemar,;s. Mr. Max Hirscli, by some extraor dinary circumstance, had not happened to' be Irish, but he made up for the unfortunate Oc cident by explaining that his father was a rebel, and his uncle a rebel, and that they had fled from the country to escape the execu tioner's axe. New Insolvent.—Richard Stephens, s0nr Ironbark, Bendigo, miner:—Liabilities, H6 17s 4d ; assets, £10 : deficiency, £70 17s 4d. Causes—Losses on mining speculation and sick' nass in «amily. LOGIC OUT FOR "KANDY KOOLA.' I\ rvidy 1 voo,p..Thoir.o?fc aucco^tul br\ucU of te:\ and cofieo will shortly boon -a'? an t.h¿ print ¡val grocers in B.-ndigo aud district-, wh¿a not already procurable.-[advt ! " The New Governor of Victoria.—The London correspondent of the An/its writes : — Lord Brassey, the new Governor of Victoria, has announced his intention of leaving England in his steam yacht Sunbeam oh 29th June. Playing the Ghost.—The Courier writes :— Some lunatic is playing the " ghost" stupidity again. He made his appearance before a young woman on Sunday night in one of the dark side streets of Ballarat West, and nearly frightened her into a fit. The " ghost" is described as illuminating, himself with phosphorus, and carrying about an illuminated model of a cotiin. His appearance is sufficiently exciting and un pleasant t<Tgive " a" very disagreeable sensation to anyone meeting him. Either there are two fools at this game, or the one travels about a good deal, for Soldiers' Hill as well as Ballarat South has during the last few nights been in fested by a" ghost.'"'" The Ba.teman' Benefit.—The concert ih aid -of Mr. JBateinan and family takes place in the Hoyal Princess Theatre on Friday evening. A splendid programme has been arranged. By advertisement in another column Mrs Briggs, of Bull-street, r.nnotmce3 that she has taken the catering business in Mitchell-street, lately carried on by Mis. Biggs. Mr?. Briggs has! had considerable experience in the above line of' business, having for some years conducted the Union .Dining Rooms, in Hargreaves street. • 