FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. The anniversary of the tents of the Independent Order of Beecbabites, S.. District No 81, at Kapunda, was celebrated on Tuesday evening and Wednesday, October 29 and 30. On Tuesday evening an exhi- bition of dissolnng views UlustnitiDg Dickeas's Christ mas carol, " Mai-ley's ghost," was given by Bro. E. E. Alcock, DJS-, with his powerful lantern. On Wednes- i day afternoon sports were held in Dnoon Park, and I the juvenile members of the order regaled with tea and cake, Jto which full justice was done. At the evening meeting, held in the Wesleyan ]ecture<halL Bro. Batchrior, D.C.8., in the chair, addresses were given by Bros. T. Oliver, D.D.R, Winwood, D.SJ.T., and E. Alcock, P.D.C.B. Bra. Winwood also dis tributed the price* won at the sporte. Bra Jefto, P.D.CR., give the reading ol "Keddk>Yi love," {Unstated by pictures thrown on a large screen. Mews at statuary, and other pictures brought a large and pleasant meeting to a dose. Tues day, November E, Bros. Oliver, D.DJL. and Winwood, DJ3.J.X, attended by invitation of the tents at Balaklava. A large {and interesting meeting was held in the Institute Ball, which was filled to its utmost with an attentive audience, Bro. Patterson, CE., in the chair., Pianoforte selections were rendered by Sisters and Bros. Blake and Kayior, songs by Sisters Saint and Merchant, dia logues by Bros. C. and P. wnimott, a reading by Bro. A- Jantke. recitations by Bros. E. J. Haines, N. Knowtes, and Sister L. Virgo. Bro. Oliver, D.DJL., gave an excellent address on Ufe letters forming the word Bcchal), pointing out the advantages to persons who became members of the order. Bro. Winwood also addressed the meeting on the juvenile member ship, urging those present who were not members of a benefit society to unite them selves with this order, was talcing the lead among English-speaking people, and referred to the increased benefits given to juvenile members. Era Winwood at the close of his remarks had the pleasing duty of presenting Bro. f. I>. Virgo, secretary of the tents, wilt a beautiful framed emblem of merit pre sented by the juvenile members; also a P.C.E-'s scarf presented by the adult members as a token otappre ciniion upon the occasion of his marriage. Bro. Virgo, who was taken by surprise, suitably responded. Totes of thanks to those who'had assisted to make the meeting a succees and to the district ??Mtp brought to a dose one of the best meetings held in Balaklava. After the public meeting certificates of'membership was presented to the juvenile members. 