R.C. Plenary Council, SECOND PUBLIC CEEEMONY. IN MEMORY OP DEGE^SED PRELATES. The second public ceremony in connec tion with the Roman Catholic Plenary Council now being held in Sydney took place in St. Maxy^s Cathedral yesterday in the presence of an immense congre gation. The proceedings had in them a special interest,* inasmuch, as they were commemorative of the worth and work of the deceased prelates of Australasia, consequently there was a lack of gorgeous ceremonial guch. as marked the opening of the session a week previously. Neverthe less, they were wrought with deep signifi cance, and were impressive in the extreme. At 11 o'clock a procession of the delegates to the Synod entered the Cathedral by the southern door and moved to the sanctuary, where they took up positions according to seniority, the choir mean while singing the ' Ecce Saeerdos.' Cardinal Moran pre sided, having for his attendants at the throne the Very Eev. Dr. Bourke (Vicar G«neral of West Australia), the Very Rev. I)ean O'Donovan- (Mudgee), the Rev. M. Shanahan (representative of the Melbourne clergy), and the prelates in attendance were Archbishop Carr (Melbourne), Arch bishop O'Reilly (Adelaide), Archbishop Dunne (Brisbane), Archbishop Murphy (Hobart), Dr. Salvado (Titular Bishop of Adrana), Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland), Dr. Lanigan (Bishop of Gonlburn), Dr. Torreggiani (Bishop of Armidale), Dr. Cani (bishop of Rockhampton); Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), Dr.' Byrne (Bishop of Bathurst), Dr. Gibney (Bishop of Perth), Dr. Dunne (Bishop of WU cannia), Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale), Dr. Doyle (Bishop of Grafton), Dr. Hutehin son (Vicar-Apostolic of Cooktown), ? Dr. Higgins (Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney)j Dr. 'Seville, (Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst), Dr. Gallagher (Coadjutor Bishop of Gkral burn), and Dr. Delaney (Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart. Amongst other ecclesiastics present were Monsignor O'Brien (Rector of St. John's College), Monsignor O'Dowd (Ballarat), Dr. Hand, V.G. (Maitland), Dr. Treacey, V. O. CWilcannia), Very Revs. Dean O'Connor (Avaiidale), Dr. Barry (Sandhurst), Dean Beechinor (Hobart), Dean O'Keefe (Goulburn), Dr. Davey (Sandhurst), Dr. Carroll, V. -*.; John Rvan, S. J.; P. B. Kennedy, O. S. F. ; P. Treand,M.S.H.; Dr. O'Harau, and P. Le Rennetel (Sydney.) Pontifical high mass was sung by Dr. Cani, the Rev. Father Walsh acting as assistant priest, and the Rev. Fathers P. Walsh and Hayden as deacon and sub-deacon respec tively. The Very Revs. Dr. O'Haran, V. P. Dyer, and Father Bridge conducted the ceremonies. The musical portion of the service consisted of Gounod's 'Easter Mass,' the principals being Mrs. Tierney, Miss Stafford, and Miss Devitt, Messrs. J. Hinchey, D. Clancy, and W. Hugiies. At the offertory Mr. Hinchey sang an ' O Salutaris/' a composition of bis own, with deep religious fervor. Mr. J. A. Delaney presided at the organ, and, as the clerical party left the sanctuary plaved Batiste's ' Church Festival March.' To wards the close of the Mass the Arch bishop of Adelaide ascended the pulpit, and preached on ' The Memory 01! De ceased Prelates.' Dr. O'&EiXiiiT; said the scythe of the grim reaper, whose mowing was of mor tals, was always busy. Ten short years since the first Plenary Council, and yet they had to mourn sad and serious gaps in the ranks. After feeling reference to the decease of the late Archbishops of Mel bourne and Adelaide, and the Bishops of Dunedin and Perth, his Grace went en to say that the merits of those they com memorated lay in that, raised to eminence within the sanctuary, they bore themselves in all things worthy of their high station. They were high priests of the Eternal, and knew themselves to be pastors of a portion of that flock for which Christ died. They understood that tha highest proof of devotion to' their Master was in the exercise oil a loving care of the souls that were theirs. In various measures it was the lot of the prelates whose memory they recalled to be confronted by diffi culties in providing promptly for the spiritual needs of a rapid accession of numbers to their flocks. If they met them, as they did, in the spirit 01 self -sacrifice and generoEify; if they saved that faith and piety, which, but for their efforts, stood in no small peril and might have been lost, they had much to do with the growth that was granted to religion, and their merit was much. A life already existing saved from the jaws of death was a new lite given. In Onrist's kingdom, too, they should remember it was not heads that counted but hearts. The hearts of their people were sound to the core. Their churches were filled to overflowing with devout congregations,, and their schools could scarcely find room for the children who nocked -within their walls. If the spectacle presented by Aus tralian Catholicity was a gladsome one, and gave encouragement, let them not forget to whom the felicitousneBS of the times on which they aad fallen was' due. To praise the dead vrhexe praise was due was seemly. To praise those, who, lying dead, were in life worthy princes of the house of Israel, had the commendation of the Holy Ghost. What was in itself good might not, however, have all the goodness called for, and their thoughts were surely faultful did they stop short at that hour at praise. The cathedral was again crowded at the evening service, when the Very Rev. father O*FarreU, Superior of the Redemp tionist Order in Melbourne, delivered an impressive address. This evening the members of the Plen ary Council' -will be entertained by pro minent Catholic laymen at an evening dress conversazione in the Town HalL Lord Hampden has accepted an invitation to be present, and the foreign Consols and members of the military and naval forces are expected to appear in uniform. Cards have been forwarded to lnaHfng citizens of a.11 denominations, -'»«i a large attendance is expected. 