TELEGRAPHIC DBS PA TOI1E3. from our own corrrsi-ondb.nt. Melbourne, Wedncsdav. Mr. Akehurst, secretary to the Law Department, Captain Evans and Com mander Collins have been appointed a board to investigate the evidence given by tho constables in the Synnot divorce case. The mischievous ghost impersonator has iKjumcu upuLioiuus. uast nignc ne en countered a young lady iu West Melbourne and attempted to frighten her. But the young lady only laughed at him, aud he quickly slid off on his pneumatic skates. The Minister of Mines has found that the issue of miners' rights and free rail way passes to persons" professing to be unemployed in Melbourne, and desirous of trying their hands on the goldfields, lias been greatly abused. He has conse quently decided to discontinue the con cession. An inquest was held to-day on the body of Rcbccea .Morrison, who was found dead in a house in Bouveric-street, Carlton, last evening, whilst her imbecile brother was sitting in an adjoining room. The two had been living together for years. Tho brother was formerly employed in the Government Printing Office, and re tired some time ago on a small pension. Both brother and sister were regarded as eccentric by the neighbors, but very little was known respecting them. The medical evidence showed that death resulted from natural causes, and a verdict was returned to that effect. The brother is being cared for by the police. In the Criminal Court to-day, before Judge Cliomley, Samuel Isaacs, jeweller, wiio was convieted of feloniously receiving property stolen from the shop of Mr. Smith, pawnbroker, at the corner of Lonsdale and Elizabet.li streets, was sen tenced to two years' imprisonment, with hard labor. William Gaggan was before the court to-day on a charge of vagrancy presenting some unusual features. He had been adopted by a Mr. Firth. Latterly, how ever, he has not only refused to work, but has set himself to systematically annoy his benefactor, and lias also threatened the life of a Miss Schofield, who resided in the house. He was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. The Charity Carnival held on the St. Kilda Cricket Ground this afternoon was a great success. The Premier took part in the procession by which it was pre ceded. AtiiL iiiHiuuuif UJ. JUSU1L8S lias OCQTI done in wheat to-day at rates varyiii" from 2s. 9d. to 2s. lid., according to sample. Cape barley was sold at Is. olid., and English barley, best quality, up to 2s. 2d. The market was again barely supplied with oats. Algerians sold at from Is. 5d. to Is. 7d., and stouts realised from Is. 8d. to Is. lOd. Maize was easier owing to increased offerings, and the ruling quotations were 2s. Id. and 2s. lid. There were some small sales of peas at 2s. 4d. Best red soil potatoes were quoted at 22s. Gd. to 25s. Religious Education and Church Influence. — At Goulburn on Sunday morning Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor Bishop of Goulburn, preached a sermon dealing with the question of religious education, and said that up to the present clergymen of different denominations had to exercise salutary influence in directing the youth ful mind, but if they yielded even a tacit consent to the spirit of seeuliarism, liis convictions, deliberately formed after 22 years' experience, forced him to say that m one or two generations the Catholic faith Avould pass away, aud episcopal dig nity be only a painted bauble. The VIcEvoy Mine.— The inquest upon the bodies of the six men who lost their lives in tho recent El Dorado mining accident, is to bo held at El Dorado on Saturday next, before Mr. Rowan, P.M. and a jury of twelve. The mine is now in good working order, and the directors are in hopes that the workings will resume paying as well as they were doing before the inrush of slum temporarily stopped the gold-getting. Mining at Yackandandah. — Three tons of stone taken from the Sydney Reef by tributers have yielded loz. per ton. The Stringer Reef is opening out well and the shoot of gold has been driven along for 25 feet and is still in the face the reef being 8 feet wide. Prospects in dicate fully ljoz. per ton, and about 70 tons of stone are stored awaitimr battery. " Payment of Members in New South Wales. — Tt will be remembered that Mr. Bruce Smith was the only member of Parliament before the last who refused to accept his Parliamentary salary. Heallowed it to remain in the Treasury, and it Was generally believed that the amount would be allowed to revert to the consolidated re.uue. It is now stated, however, that within the past few days Mr. Bruoe Smith has applied for tlie amount he was entitled to to be paid to his credit. The sum is a little over £800. The Railway Revenue.— Last week's revenue on the . railways was £40 4G0 compared with £42, 927 in the correspond! ing week of the year before. The inclu sion of the periodical tickets gave an in crease of £2125 in passenger business, but goods fell off by £3740, and live stock showed a shortage of £700. The net result is a loss of £2467, which , brings the shortage for he first six weeks to £18,220. 