I RELIGIOUS SERVICES WESLEYAN CHURCH. At the Patterson 'Street Wcsleyan church yesterday the Bev. W.Shaw conducted aspe cial service la the forenoon, and then} was a large congregation. Tho preacher took for Ills text John, chapter 19, verse xzx., 'When Jesus, therefore, had received the vinegar He said, It is finished, and He bowed His head and gave ap the ghost.' The preacher said seven sayings were recorded in the Gospels aB having ,been spoken by I Jesus Christ on the cross. Two of the say | ings referred to His sufferings — physical and spirit ual — ' I thirst j' ' My God, why hast ; thou forsaken me?' One taking breathed forgiveness, ' Father,' forgivethem, for they i know not what they do. Another spoke of encouragement,^' To-day shalt thou be with Mc in Paradise.*' Christ's human love beamed forth in the words, ' Son, behold thy mother,' and ' Woman, behold thy son.* Then there was the triumphal cry of the cross, ' It is finished a brief moment when the work of redemption was done. The mysteries involved in the exclamation ' It is finished ' wero unfathomable, and yet tbe import of the words entered j forcibly into every Christian's life. I Christ had finished the work which tbe Father gave Him to do. All Christiajis, Hfcp the Master, mast gain their moral victory in Gcthscmane before they can go on to the triumph of the cross. The resurrection was the demonstration of the victory and glory of Christ's death, and without it there could be no forgiveness of sin and communion with God. The sacrificial work was com plete when Christ said, ' It is finished, ' and now all may go to Him and be saved. The shadow of the cross fell upon Christ. I When but a youth, He said, 'I must be | about My Father's business.' He never swerved from the dircct path to the cross, i even though it was to end at Jerusalem. Many men camc to the crisis of life, and shrunk from the painfal ordeal. Christ '* tet his face toward Jerusalem.' Christ was killed on the cross by His own per mission ; ' He gave Himself.' Cbiist died of His own will, because the work was done. The death of Christ was an absolate neces sity. It was tbe death of death, and the procuring of eternal life. 