GHOSTS AT HAMPTON COURT. ' THE SHRIEKS OF KATHERINE HOWARD. Much to my disappointment Iwritesa contributor to Atalanta) when staying at this palace I did not see even a vestige of a ghost, although I slept in the Blue or ' Haunted Room,' but must own that I certainly heard some weird sounds proceeding from the next room. Something or some one tried my door, knocked several times, and on my opening it there was no one to be seen. Doors carefully locked at night were constantly found open in the morn l n ir ri ti 1 1 T an w nr\a r1r\rvr nln «rl ir cVn^ i + anlf nlthnnnrVi there was no wind at all. Once or twice I fancied that footsteps seemed to follow me along the passages, or when I went up the old oak stairs. My hostess tells me that she has heard loud screams at midnight coming from the 'Haunted Gallery,' which is near to her apart ment, supposed to be uttered by the 'shrieking ghost,' as Mr. Law terms it in his new ' Guide to Hampton Court Palace,' from which I quote tho following passage : — 'Thi8old mysterious gallery, the door of which is on the right as you go down the staircase, has its name from being supposed to be haunted by the shrieking ghost of Queen Katherine Howard. It was here, at any rate, that she escaped from her own chamber in which she was confined before being sent to the Tower, and ran a'ong to seek an interview with Henry VIII., who was in the royal closet in the chapel. Just, however, as she reached the door the guards seized her and carried her back, and her ruthless husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which were heard almost all over the palace, continued his devotions unmoved. And in this gallery, it is said, a female form, dressed in white, has been seen coining toward the door of the royal pew, and, just as she reaches it, has been observed to hurry back with disordered garments and a ghastly look of despair, uttering at the same time the most unearthly shrieks, till she passes through the door at the end of the gallery. The gallery is nov»r the lumber- room for old pictures, and, as the staircase is locked at night, the voice of the ' shrieking Queen ' is but rarely heard.' Not only is the spectre of Jane Seymour said to haunt that p-irt of the palace where I was staying, but the ghost of Edward Vl's nurse and foster mother, Mrs. Penn. It is also affirmed that in one of the rooms in which she lived may be heard the nound of a spinning-wheel — she used to occupy much of her time in spinning. Footsteps are also heard here and in different parts of the older portion of the palace, and Nurse Penn may occasionally be seen at midnight gliding slowly about the long galleries and state rooms of the palace, her face partially concealed by a large grey hood, and dressed in a long, narrow robe. Within the last two months no less than three ghosts had been plainly seen in one room, and two in another. A little girl of twelve years, sleeping in the same room, gives a clear and graphic descrip tion of a woman in white, who appeared to her m the small hours. This child was awakened by hearing her name called twice, very loudly, but did not take any notice, and lay still. Presently the room became faintly lighted, and, to her astonish ment a tall figure appeared to glide through the cloned door. The figure walked up and down in front of the child, and looked at her, went to the other end of the room, stood still, and then, still gazing, began to gesticulate, and raising her hand, commenced a long speech with these strange words, 'Behold the enemy cometh, prepare the way of escape.' At this point the girl became so terrified that she hid her face in the bedclothes and stopped her ears, so that she could not see or hear anything. Presently she ventured to look up again, and saw the apparition slowly fading away. 