KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XIX.—(Continued.) A passing domino caught the half-whispered words, and paused to watch them. From that moment, wherever the knight and page went the black domino was sure to follow. It was an indescribably brilliant party, there was hardly a moment's cessation in the whirl of dancing —the hours flew by like minutes—and Lara and his page never parted company for an instant, whether they waltzed or walked, whether they sought the cool stillness of half-lit balconies and boudoirs, or plunged into the whirl of maskers. And still, all unnoticed—stealthily and surely as fate itself—the black domino followed, and watched, and bided his time. They wandered into the conservatory at last, filled with the moonlight of shaded lamps, where the music came faint and far-off, and tall tropic plants reared their rich heads far above. " How hot it is—how noisy they are," Kaled mur- mured, sinking into a moss green seat. ''I must take off my mask— I shall look as red as a milk maid when we unmask. In the ten minutes that intervene between this and supper, let me try and get cool if I can.'' He stooped over her with the whispering imbecility he knew was expected of him, and fanned her with a palm leaf. '' Shall I fetch you a water-ice ?'' he asked ; '' it will help you to feel cool. You will have it eaten before we go to supper.'' She assented languidly. Her mask lay in her lap, and, watching her with glittering eyes, the spectral domino stood in shadow of the palms. Count Lara's garments brushed him as he went by — but Lara's eye had noticed him from the first. In a second Count Lara had vanished. My lady, look ing flushed and handsome in her boyish travesty fanned herself in the cool shade of a myrtle-tree! And behind the palms the domino waited. Both waited for what never came — the return of Count Lara. The moments passed on — the summons to supper was given — the masqueraders were crowding to the supper-room, and still Count Lara did not appear.. In a storm of wrath and impatienoe, my lady lingered—twice to-night he had made her wait— what did he mean ? She rose at length when patience had ceased to be a virtue, and taking the proffered arm of an ogre, made her way to the supper-tables. The laughter and excitement were at their wildest— everybody was unmasked — everybody was making the most astounding discoveries — everybody was present — everybody but the exasperating Lara. No, far or near, he was nowhere to be seen. A dozen voices called his name ; no one could tell what had become of him. Infuriated, mystified, my lady looked up and down. What was it she saw that made her leap from her seat with a low cry of fear, that drove the blood from her blanched cheeks? She saw — for one instant, amid the crowd, the face— not of Major Frankland, but of Sir Peter Dangerfield looking at her. For one instant only, then it, too, dis appeared. CHAPTER XX. A DARK NIGHT'S WORK. When my Lord Ruysland had finished his little paternal lecture to Major Frankland, and saw that gallant officer ride off, he turned to address Captain O'Donnell, and found to his surprise that Captain O'Donnell was gone. The chasseur, indeed, had not lingered a moment. With his straw hat pulled low over his eyes, he strode away at once through the town and to his quarters in the Silver Rose. The slouching, cockney-looking individual to whom he had spoken at the station was at the Silver Rose before him, and as the captain passed through the inn- yard, sat on a bench in friendly converse with Lanty Lafferty. ''Dull ?'' Mr. Lafferty was repeating as his master passed through. 'Troth ye may say it's dull, wid sorra a sowl to spake to maybe from mornin' t il night. But, thin, on the other hand, there's the hoith o' aitin' and dhrinkin' goin' on late an' airly and niver a han's turn to do half yer time, not to spake ov the barmaid an' the cook, two as purty an' as pleasant crathurs as ye'd wish to kiss. It's a comfortable life entirely it would be av the town was only Ballynahaggart instead of Castleford But, arrah! sure, we can't have iverything. By the hokey, here's the master himself, long life to him.'' ''All right, Lanty,'' his master responded, passing through, with a nod, and taking no notice of Lanty's companion. ''How are they all at the Park? Seen Miss Rose lately ?'' ''I was at the Park above this morning, Misther Redmond, and I saw her ladyship, the lord's daughter, an' -she was axin' for yer honour, and bid me tell you the young misthress wasn't over an' above well.'' O'Donnell merely nodded again, and hurried on. It was a very long time since his sister had been ''over and above well,'' and he could see plainly enough it was more a mind than a body diseased ; and that this Gaston Dantree — the scoundrel who had wrecked another noble life — was in some way the cause, he knew now, thanks to Miss Herncastle. But that he was, or had been, Rose's actual husband, had never for an instant occurred to him. Lanty Lafferty resumed his occupation of brushing a pair of his master's tops, and his conversation with the stranger from London, interlarding work and social converse with a little music. His rollicking Irish voice come through the open windows to his master's ears : ' ''It was on a windy night, about two o'clock in the morning, An Irish lad so tight, and — — Bad scram to ye fur tops ; shure the art o' man '' wouldn't git ye the colour he loikes ! An Irish lad so tight------ Oh, thin, divil fear him but he was tight — shure it's a wakeness all his countrymen have. It's meself wud like a dhrop av potheen this minute, fresh from the still. My very heart's broke a drinkin' the beer they have in these parts, an' me gettin' that fat on it, that sorra a waistcoat I have an the worruld that'll button on me, good or bad Oh, blessed hour ! will I iver see the day whin all his sodgerin' an' his diviltry in Algiers, find Ameriky, and England will be over, an' meself back in O'Donnell Castle, on the ould sod once more ? Talk about grandeur — about yer Windsor Castles, an' yer St. James's Palace — be me word, the two av thim thegither couldn't hould a candle to Castle O'Donnell. Sixty-three rooms— sorra less — a stable full of cattle— the best blood in the country—a pack o' hounds, a butler in silk stockings, an' futmin as high as Fin McCoul, the Irish giant, if iver ye heard av him. Whisky galore, champagne for the axin', an' waitin' maids that it wud make yer mouth water only to look at. It's little I thought, six years, ago, whin I left sich a place as that, that it's an English inn I'd come to. It's thim wor the blessed times all out !'' ''Blessed times, upon my life,' responded his listener, smoking philosophically. ''I say, Mr. Lafferty. there's ye master a calling of yer.'' Lanty seized the boots and made a rush for his master's room. The soft, silvery gray of the summer evening was falling by this time, and with his back to the faint light, the chasseur sat when his man entered. ''Come in, Lanty, and shut the door— perhaps had better turn the key. I see you have made the acquaintance of that fellow in the inn-yard already.'' 'Jist passin' the time o' day, yer honor. They're civil crathurs, thim English chaps, mostly, an' shure I'm not proud.'' ''I'm glad to hear it, and it is just as well your pride has not stood in the way of your sociability on the present occasion, as you would have to make his acquaintance whether or no. Lanty, can you keep a secret ?'' '' A saycret, is it ? Upon me conscience, thin that same's question I did'nt expect from your father's son. A saycret ! Arrah, Misther Redmond, is there a bad turn ye iver did since ye were breeched that I don't know ? Is there a bit av diviltry ye iver wor in (an' faith, yer devilment was past countin') that I didn't know better than me prayers, and did I iver tell— did I now ? Faith, it's late in the day, so it is, to ax me sich a question as that.'' '' Well, Lanty, don't be indignant — of course, I know you can. Then I want you to keep quiet this evening, and perfectly sober, remember ; to retire to your room early, but not to go to bed. About half-past eleven, when the town is quiet and every soul in the inn gone to sleep, take your shoes in your hand, steal out as though you were a mouse, and wait for me under the clump of larches beyond the inn. Youll find your London acquaintance there before you. I brought him down, and I want you both tonight. Lanty, did you ever hear of a resurrectionist — a sack-'em-up ?'' '' Sorra a hear. Is it anything to sit or dhrink ?'' ''Nothing to eat or drink. A resurrectionist is one who opens graves, steals dead bodies, and sells them to medical students for dissection.'' '' The Lord betune us and harm !'' '' And this fellow you have been talking to all the evening is a professional sack-'em-up.'' The chasseur's gravity nearly gave way at Lanty's look of horror.''Never, fear, my good fellow, he won't sell you for dissection ; and, as I said before, you must be civil to him, despite his profession, for I have brought him down on purpose to open a grave this very night, and you are to come along and help.'' '' Open a grave ! Oh, king o' glory !'' '''It's all on the square, Lanty— no stealing dead bodies, no selling to doctors— I haven't quite got to that yet. But I have reason to believe a very great fraud has been perpetrated, and that very great mischief may come of it. To prevent that mischief, I open this grave, open the coffin, see what it contains, and replace it exactly as I find it before morning. You understand ?'' Understand ? Mr. Lafferty was staring at his master with an expression of blank horror and con- sternation. Open a grave in the dead of night; to see what a coffin contained ? All the '' divilment'' of the past paled into insignificance beside this crowning act. Was his master suddenly going mad ? ''I can't explain any farther, and it is not necessary for you to know. Be on hand, as I said ; keep sober, make no noise, and let me find you with Joggins under the larches at half-past eleven. They keep early hours here— all will be still by that time. Now go, and, mind you, not a word of this to a soul.'' Lanty Lafferty went — his mouth had fallen open, and he forgot to shut it — his eyes were like full moons, that blank expression of consternation still rigid on his face. '' Open a grave ! Oh, wirra ! Afther twelve o'clock ! The Lord look down on me this night ! Arrah ! is is taken lave av his sinsis intirely he is ? Faith; it's little rhyme or raison there ivir was wid him or wan av his name ; but av this doesn't bang Bannagher ! Bannagher ? Upon me sowl, it bangs the divil !'' But to rebel, to disobey, Mr. Lafferty did not dream. Had his master informed him it was his painful duty to murder some one, and he (Lanty) was to assist at the sacrifice, that faithful hench- man might have groaned under the awful duty assigned him, but he would have obeyed. And he would obey now, although a legion of ghosts should rise in their winding sheets to warn them from their dreadful deed. (To be continued.') 