IrfRRIGAN'S 1 Q U A L I T Y . ,pcci<rf arranfcmeni with 'psrs ITanl. Lock $ Bowden, Ltd. "ALL EIGHTS BE6EEVED.] CHAPTEB I. Br JAN e Baelow, Author of Irish Idylls." ,t Iiramf known throughout the f-l,ood that Martin Kcrripn had lit the Sic House, dissatisfaction pre- Ji-p-'rsoJ'.T, concentrating itself in redouble and one single row of roofs iorm the nucleus of Glenore. It was I ^tular u net of an unpopular person, furore obvious reasons whytliepnrrV disapproved. The house had j,r Vhoresoever effected, should be ^"^w tnuc out of mind; that is to Vtwnerable people like old Juggy "•^fflembcred when it used to be I ad then (X-cupied by Sir John' .,n ti,e i^t of his line. Since his demesne had lain practically r'.. - ad to the inhabitants of Glenore sn ome measure become what the ctra- ' ..lr-sitottxl wreck has been to the of fiction, from Bobinson Crusoe It \ras not, of course, a quarry Bnch varied and appropriate "'•^ftffli its simpler products often tjppilv enough. The overgrown IJvr.w ani proves, for instance, sup- • G't'tsofoticks," one of which somea tw \ cii so 0 men's load that f'hi 1 to be lot dump down occasional ji,L> wiy, while the bearer said, -srder alive! stop a minute there; I ^'s entirely broke "—and this was f-iii matter in a place where the i s readied by a long row, L^nrs accomplished without danger, tilii"' gTiziu' for th' ould ass, or the ras to be come by very^liandily Lac.,:e;Jc of the dilapidated boundary "-nd" muslia good gracious, sorra l,Tp; a harm the crathur done except fera the grass that was growin' ji i:s own -'on th to loss from year's m rear's end." fttst these thrifty trespassers used to I jg ts.-Jt within probable straying '^tithe roadside; but in course of -ji: (iraers grew less circumspcct, ^ feffi wore tethered boldly deep i-ciiras, anJ vouag Joe Molloy and m'riaiber on''<? fought wildly on the etiin the uiansion about the paskj ii their respective charges. But £ i'ffir Solan wont further still, for srjiioretlie sale of the property lie Ijaltiaiself a tidy little patch of potafi: [iis slip of ground at the back of •najuge on t he lough-road. This step iiiired respectfully by his neighbors, . tjald no dount have imitated it, had .utmsUacos so regrettably altered. >: ii:l=, foray had to ruefully lift his '.lijiAh'.'i done grandly, a little pre- 'or'."J lilac blossoms were only rvirisi when the unwclcome news •Jcflugi the villa ge. Seated on the Kluir wiill to iriitch Corny*s digging, opined that it was divil a much sireaicacc they'd have the chanst cut of th' ould plase now iic !iij grabbed a liould of it. He tite;so-t of man 'ud pnrvint the midges dancin' tlirough under t:fes,i! h> could hare his own way. ursv, as he stopped at intervals to the crumbling dark mould off his i; lunches of delicate brown balls, d,"Ay, beiid, it's himself e the cms ould naygur." Wiwaj had asked for direct proof of ' js's o::'< } naygurliness, I doubt his neighbours would hare made more specific than those soxea, though they perhaps might ^siioned his propensity for niver a word out of him, no .-:• if he was an ould bog-stomp ii up on end in the corner, loo kin' aa zi sat." Bui in Glenore, as in some lilies, a person's (character depends ^ ins command countenance i.r:ve«a!ional gifts; and, pjoreover, i:f£erri»in hid not been glum and fact tktt h<? had lived for nearly iirs in Australia wonld ijaye i-i*.o mike him an object of suspicion, X f to hjve " took up wid the idee bis Knithry wasn't good enough for rather hard lines, since his ex- _xai had not been by any means of lm choosing. He had gone out lothli djipirited lad of eighteen, in resist a Summons from his nncle, who Iking well at sheep-farming, and |na s-iljordijfflte partner. Tins was ::o rot to be let slip, and hence, after 'Jinp: the rounds of the long Kerri- .ily, thrust more than compnl- I r.'-in Martin's acceptance, jippaliiwevcr, he did not turn it to BHJfb Ic. lie never j^ct on at all satisfaBr lit -.'! his uncle, and in & few years him on scarce]J* cordial terms. ^ to-morrow," he said one tjjey stood facing a sultry l"asi5sunset,*Jpch threw the eheep- •K Tiiuitenuated afcfces on the dusty 1-Ui tie flock ewarmed qper their ilpasture, with here and tfcerg a I^ci/nuish shape -vaulting througfr •S; ior tfe run was far up the country, jitj^Ki; of kangaroos. I'Hi: pos erjtaid his nncle, who was fiitt'of 6neech, «nd had a sharp-edged TJB, rtetted, perhaps, by his habit of PS n UiicV boiled amtjton hnng in a k aj indeSnitely stewed tea. And J®-! core ever passed between titem. IfierthU Kerrigan had a long spell of fcie^/riences. His luck was bid, and l^rsd io believe it so, which made it 7 s ; aad nature had equipped him ill fte rniasr 0f life he led. Circnm- 5 forcod 'ninj jnto situations which . k Int abound in wretchedness for Jfe Tho was constitutionally lazy and •jairiKd, who hut id nov«l<y in places |<l«pio. ami who conjoined » lack of "vfSSeiciKy with an incapaeiiy for fritnda. Long lonely. jourmajb •iennjt «ttion to station, where tern-- I®:? jsk offered hard work among nn- J-i" surroundisgs; aimless loafing Thi'.eg in town-squalor, with a Fro.'humanity's iregS presented as an •V'TieEt for his leisure, risky exploring through doleful wastes, where •"uai Qonotony was only broken wtosil t^f and fatigue rising to torture Tjj^e boon of" going on and not • *"seea a dubious one, even when for most desperately — these ..^oae into hij life,.and their passage Fp tie Cillerv of hi« momory some rtich lis "looked at too often for ftsce of mini One in particular conto draw him with a haunting fasthat not merely becanee a the last of the series, laf 1145 t* 15 monstrous grey-brown •"waailcss, trackless, almost herbless, j here ttnd there by patches of \- taorn-ta-aglis, as if by the shadow l^seloud, hut not a cloud in s t '.wliich the sun.etjlllow, flooded • Nothing on tlie hofizan except JLV»W lump of bare crag.gTO' l^J -''«pliaat-like in outline, a sort of •jUattcape jest. Nearer, in the same Ite f S'^' 1115 of water, not beheld elsetraveller in a parching se- •^ "fdayt; but here-nature had 1, aaoilnir lUile ploaaantry, for the ia a Ejt and the leaves 1 ^' iToirths besida it were white- £tli brine. This sh<«lr of disap- =t bod perhaps hastened the co'" | "'- J'oung man, whose dead I c ^ n two spinny-tufts in W IVrf s'a-ra, was the core its circumfused desolaidon. If? 5 never see the figure ol th» Wayworn, ragged, wild-eye^ fX%Ovin f.he mlil •nmHiMHiinflfi iirt beoaaa» '^tbat hind, he could alwiys call up-he could not alwaya -disnusi—a lurid dissolving , v hf own - montal erparioncS throughout this crias of-his fiite.^ It bM;an with theWoment when- Tonne Day, who had bee^coming on more and more slowly since %y passed the mockimr mareh, stumbled wer^ and never tai^ to rise ogam. "Bold up there," Kerrigan sajdjoculariy, "youVe agood way to ^L" and he continued to treat the incident from a humorous point of view longer than one might have thought possible. His month was so dry that many of his words missed, like the notes of a worn-out barrel-organ whose handle «ver nndanon turns dumbly' suppressing whole phrases of the intermittent melody; and this haS a droll eiTect. though I doubt that it wonld have amnsed anyone who heard him. Then ho left off his jokes, and became seriously argumentative. If Day wanted to rest a bit. he had a deal better come on a trifle further to where there might be a screed of shade under the scrub there, didn't he see —yon denrithin-a-Btone's "throw. - -He'd no - business to be sprawling .in the eye of the . sun, unless he'd a faoqy to get np raving with a sunstroke. IfighteouB indignation came next. Day jnight -please himBalf, and stick skulking" there like a Maying fool, when he blew right well their only chance was to tramp ahead, and try for water behind the next ridge; but he needn't expect another man to throw his life away -waiting for him; by the Hord, no! Concessions,however.followed. He'd step on himself and see' after the water—^ there was somesortof aeign of a hollow away over yonder,and like enough there mightbe a pool^-and he'd' bring back's, bottle full; 1 anyhow he'd come iocfc, if Day wonld say whether that •was the best-plan, or would just promise to stay quiet there till he came. But Day just' would not give any such superfluous assurance. At last he threw up the game, and in rushed the hideous storm of terror, which had been howling wolfishly louder and nearer, expectant of that issue. If Kerrigan had attempted to deSneits ca.use, lie would ; probably have ascribed it to his sense that there was not a single living creature within a hundred miles of him. For he overlooked the fact that, very high up in the blue, two black smuts represented a pair of pink-necked vultures, he would, I b&lieve;, have considered 1 their company : better than none. Tfic horror came on him in gusts and paroxysms, and during the lulls he was mostly wondering whether the lad there had £ad fair play. He thought so on the whole. Could not be held accountable because. Day, for all he stood six foot three, and to look at seemed as fine a chap as yon ever clapped eyes on. was no more fit to knock about in the bush than a lrid just beginning to run. It was his own notion to come on this tramp, Aud he had been let ride the last horse while it could go; and then he had always carried the light pack, and he had got his share, and over and above his share of the water, as long as there was ti drop, and not grudged it either, God knew; ay, he might have had more, and welcome, if he would have taken it. Likewise Kerrigan was quite aware that, had he made a start on his own account, a few days ago, and pushed forward at his own pace unhampered, he might now have been safe among places where people live, instead of facing, across a round or two of their careless clocks, the forlornest fate of a castaway. So there were really small grounds for the feeling of murderons remorse to which these reflections still illogically led. While nml-mg them, he sometimes roved off aimlessly to a short distance, and when he looked round was - always thrilled by a certainty that Day had moved,and rushed straight book, stumbling and-panting, to turn cold in sight of the truth starkly gainsaying his delusion. That would be often followed by a wild outbreak of the terror-tempest, and in the height of one of these he determined to go and drink at the brine-pools,' which he could yet see glistening faintly, foreshortened into silver threads.' It might be less lonesome to die raging mad than in one's right senses. Or he might find fresh water there after all, and then Day could have a good drink, which wonld soon bring him round. But in that case no time should be lost, and he was . running desperately, when the snn-blaze seemed to twist about his throat n fiery-knotted cord, which choked him until he fell down headlong into a hollow of booming darkness. By the time he came to life again, the sunshine had bleached into very white moonlight, which was full of strange shapes and shadows. He had been happened npon by a eamel-moqnted expedition, experimenting in that corner of the enormous desert, and now groping their way back to civilisation in. straitened and critical circumstances. However, they did not forbear to revive Kerrigan with muddy malodorous water,--the'market- value-of which was just then far higher than that oi so much potable gold. 'As for Johnny Day, only one service could be rendered him, and this they performed- despite protest entered by some discomfited. croafcB and flapping of heavy wings. Bat a benevolent Chinaman underwent great exertion to keep Kerrigan on the back of hiBun^agy-paced beast until his journey's end; aud tbe upshot of it all was that after certain nightmanh&Fer; weeks, -Kerrigan came to himself in a Ballast hospital, lord of his own shaky hands, and of 1ittd@ else besides, his other possessions being mainly a very few shillings, and a small battered leathern writing-case, -which had belonged ta Joljnny Day. These, however, were 'soon surprisingly augmented, cs abpat that-tune ins laconic uncle died, much wealthier t}^n anyone had supposed, and in a characteristically brief last will and testament, named Marc tin Kerrigan sole heir, for no particular-, reason except that . it seemed the least troublesome tiling to do. Thus it came about that Kerrigan found himself one fine morning -walking along a quay in Sydney, a very rich mas.- Not that he regarded hhssejf from -this point of view;- what struck fciJ» as great feature in his situation, being tijafc fee ft man who could now take cbip forthwith tor the pld country, the oia life, the old people, Mid never leave them again. For nearly twenty years he had resolutely kept his thoughts turned out of that -impossible channel, and its sudden .opening seemed to engnlph then) all, 60 that the thousands which had accrued io (jiin impressed him as a sort of glorified steamer-ticket. When he went to book his passage, fee %Imost amused the bored clerk by the unneeSssafy yehemence of his " Single, eirj;Eingle, singie, ifeai^c the Almighty!" in reply to an ordinary business question; He had quite ,recow^fidj yet he was -haunted by superstitions foreho4ing? test he shoold not live through the iopg frot <JayB which most pass before his boat Mfled.'&opgb; ftey <*>r14 be counted on the fingers of one ftan4. Buying small-sued presents—he fcad-no$ yet realised that^iortabUity now no longer areatly concerned him^-for everybody be could think of, proved the most effectual distraction, and they formed the bulk of the baggage with which he went on board at thenxst jgpmentpermitted. ' still, dti?ptt» sB this childish bustle and eagerness, fee -laying op disappointment tor fcimse^ ft/ jiniffimuig impossibilities -about his refcuwj fre took precautions against that Meagre tetters from home had keptlim apprised of such capital events afc deaths and m»mages, and he knew that tiirio must have wrought other and some of his brethren children, w f c o " G o o d - b y e . Marty." as toe&g;&ted; past bfmf tJ^f perch atop of tt»el>agsp*d wail on that miserable March morning vers irrecognisable men alnd iromen During these few days Kerrigan looked at bus face in tlia glass oftsner than b« Jwi m tha coiuue of twenty years, wd be ew One which was over-much farrowed ,and Skated for the right side of two score. Jibe infe«90B tfhich he drew from the reeat inliisSWeF totfcsCT-'^^S?"*!™ could not be called young. But this was a mere matter of detail -compared with the fact i that there they were, to be seen 1 and spoken" to again, in the white house at the end of Farrell's Loning. Kemgan thought he knew every inch of that) townland; a very- 'green pastoral oorner of a northern county; where the country side is crumpled into soft hillocks and hollows, and whero tJie 'small fields are divided by tall thick hedges, which throw their shadow halfway *croBs the grass at Bunsei, when the summer evenings are clear. They are so often'misty skied, and there is so often rain'on the air,that's, hand thrust-among a clump of leaves gonerally^comes ont wet, and the tree-stems and walLstones are thickly powdered with " pale 'yellow lichen dust. • Bnt a man, he slid 'to himself,-might lose his way there for ever'and-a day without a-chance of coming on. the horror of a huge glaring wilderness, which haunted his dreams; and sometimes- drew- him ^waking into: its desolation'by the memory of one piteous grave.- And high above this-sense of escape, And exuberant still in spite -of all the pruning to which he had wisely -subjected them,' sprang the jqyful anticipations summed: up in. the fact that "he would be at home again. His new. wealth, - with «its vast,, hardly tested power of making-tilings = pleasant, occurred to him in this connection • only as a subordinate--though- agreeable ' incident, not by any means to be -set <oa ft • level with the delight of walking once more np the narrow path along the thick privethedge, towards the door where his mother' and "the lot of them" would meet him saying, " Well, Marty! well man alive." But with e.- cautious' foresight,: which: sensitive" people acquire^in self-defence, he resolved to say n'othing about his fortune until .after his arrival; so that if he found himself oppressed by melancholy in the presence-of household lessee and changes, he might shake it off the better through the excitement of announcing the good' news. '-That any credential of the kind could- be requisite- to ensure - him his welcome - was a notion which naturally never visited his mind. -Accordingly'he simply wr6te that he was coming home by such and such a --steamer, and noped his letter would flnd them all in good health, as it loft him, thanV God ! which threw no light .npon his financial condition. The weeks --of his homeward voyaging were probably the happiest-in his life. "He travelled in the steeratge, because he was alarmed at the elegance of the cabin for which he had ^nid, and be had reason to congratulate himself npdn his change of quarters, as among the steerage passengers he found one friendly spirit,-a stout, darkeyed, south-Irish matron, bound for her little bouse in Mallow "with a joy matching his own. " May goodness pity them, the nnlnoky poor people!" • he heard her say one day in a tone of heart-felt commiseration as they passed an outward bound emigrant ship; -and he 60 thoroughly shared the sentiment, that ho ventured' into discourse with her, and'had-some of his gruff shyness thawed away by a genial sympathy.. Thenceforth Kerrigan • might frequently be seen ^beside -Mrs Mooney's maroon velvet bonnet and'comfortable violet and greentplaid-ehawl,' and on these' occasions 'the chances • were thathewae "wearing his hearer'' in the praises'of Drumclogher Farm, its inmates,--'and general surrenndingSi—"But -his -goodnatured hearer wore well,-and had -interest, and even advice, forthcoming when consulted about the little presents, which he kept by hinvalid looked 'at so often that their neat white wrappings or glazy cardboard boxes grew tumbled and thumbmarked. In fact exposure to the sea air wrought 30 detrimentally upon an elaborate fiTh,greed frosted silver brooch, which he destined for his youngest sister Maggie, that its tarnished aspect became quite a serious vexation to turn, as his vexations went just then. CHAPTER IL Cut when he walked np that narrow rivet-hedged path one bright, brisk-aired, Eite-September afternoon, nobody was at the door, which stood closed. It was opened for him by a stupid, strange slip of a girl, who shut him into the stuffy front parlour, saying vaguely that she would " get somebody to him." This • somebody, however, was so long in appearing that Kerrigan had time to think heart-sickly of what might have intervened since the date of his last home letter, now several months old. The shadow thus conjured up blurred .way all the pleasure of meeting his brothep Tom,.and Tom's wife, who at last came in, and it made him hurry over his greetings to the question he scarcely dared ask," And how's mother ? J suppose I'll l>e seeing her presently ? " « Why then haven't yon heard tell ? " •aid Tom. " She was well the time Maggie wrote," Martin said defiantly. " Och and well enough she is, for that matter, if that was all. I thought somebody was after writin' you word. She's got married again—there's for you—and me poor father not a twelve month in his grave, tins minute; not till after Christmas!" " Married again ? mother married—that*a great,"-eaid Martan, laughing, while about his ears clattered down the ruin of the honse where he was to.bave spent much of -his time in being very kind to her, and getting her everything she liked that inpfley conld buy. "¥on B)Bf pall it so. And the fellow she's took—a man by the name of Carte: used to be comin' here about cattle grazin'* A big, fat lout, fit for nothin' but fnddlin' himself with whiskey. Owns all inanner of property ont in Queensland, if yon're to believe his account; I don't. But anyway i(?s jhefe' they packed off to, lost month; like 9npqgh yojir boats cros§ed one another somewhere/'. " Wcll,-the divil'sin it," said Martin, "Carter was after the bit of money lather left in her own control," Tom said explanatorily,'"a thing he'd no right •to'have dons, and thafs the thanks he got for it—in six months." "And herself with a great big red poppy cockled on top of her bonnet, inserted Mrs Tom, ".fit to fiare the sight out of yonr eye§," " But as tor bewitched an old woman of her time of life, 1 ' Tom went on, " to go«nd make tmch a laughingstock or herself,-Fpi not offerin' an opinion." 4 1 Ton might: then," said "his wife, "for often enough,-before there was any talk of such a thing happenin', I've told you to mark my,words yonr mother was gettin' too fond of a drop; and once a body takes fhat. there's no foolery need surprise you." Vfky. xny good gracious, the -very last time they'were in ttyif rpom, there was neitherof the pair of them that I-wpnldn'£ have said had had something stronger thap egg-broth, and it not ten o'clock in the mornin'. That was the reason of my juwin> it yon noticed, the key*d got lost, when she ps§§ed a remark about the de? canter of sherry-wine," Tljere followed a long,, painful- panse, during which Kerrigan felt as if something worse than the devu were in it. When hi broke it by enquiries after another brother, there seemed to be a cftr^"" fitness in the reply "that ftTfhnr had gone to the bad altogether this good while back, though his progress-thither had not formed « sharply outlined - incident such as are chronicled in one's correspondence, "^ftieii SJrs'Toin" said -. "And where are yon ptoppin' jiow, Martin ?" « Oh, last night I'slept at IJrogheda," he saidL'with » confused.start, "and then— and then I came on here." " Oh, we oould-put him np," said Tom, less thorough than his wife in carrying but rf^r«*«?ertea _poiipy-pf letting Martin eow at onise tijajrif If®' A 0 ? 0 «» lose Jub djanceii, ajid jjuarj«l iriM} fiifi well-to-do rotation^- and come trapesing back, the. tori oonJd toU wfry, or £ e . tho^ht fea'd get by 'it. it Mis own affair, but he »eete'li»nj>pow to was going to live.on ttem."-' • . • , , . , ' "In course, if itfs only *« ® Jba ibD -said, with emphasis, "a ht sleep £ theioft jl o» b o l d it i-s^ffVfc* f there's no other way I can manage." Kerrigan sat miserably mumbling something about being sorry to put them ont that much. He wonld have gone away at once, had not a glamour, lingering from his imaginations on the Pacific, bewildered him and puzzled his will, as he stared at his mother's old sampler, stall bn.Tigring glazed and fa/led on its accustomed nail. Besides that, he could not at the moment f.ln'nV of any one place to set ont for more than another. Also he had some wish to Bee his sister Maggie, and they told him that she would not come home till late that night. So he said to himself that things might be pleasanter, Bomehow, in the morning. They were not, however, except in so far that Maggie, tall and twenty-three, had still the Borne clear grey eyes as when she was four years old, and seemed glad to Bee him in ashy, suppressed sort of way. Fro the rest, little Fiancy choked and sneezed at- breakfast, whereupon his mother said pointedly that it was enough to give him his death, sleeping out in the loft with a blast through it like a winnowing machine. It was a saint's day, and she had not been able to forbear -putting on her best purple merino; but she con- -aidered it expedient to counteract this symptom- of - prosperity by bidding the •children not to crumble and waste their bread, which the dears knew it was not so easy to fill their mouths with those times. She remarked, too, that as butter was ten prices, she would not break the second pat that morning—unless Martin would take another bit, which he declined to do. Tom had apparently forgotten all the old household jokes and adventures which Martin recollected most clearly, and when reminded how they had said or done this or that, would only indifferently daresay that they might His air was resolutely abstracted, and curt his speech. But whon the womankind and children had gone to Mass, which naturally disposes men to talk about business matters, he enlarged at great length upon the unsatisfactory state of his own affairs. It appeared that what with the sum he had paid for the interest in the lease when taking on the farm from his mother, and what with the sight of money going after Maggie next month into her convent at Belfast, where she was to profess, and what with the general badness of agricultural prospects, Mr Tom Kerrigan could not tell the day or the hour when he might not be making a composition of so much in the pound, aud the next thing he knew, he would have a wife and half-a-dozen children on his hands. Having thus conducted his family to the door of the workhouse, with an ostentatious parade, which was a little overdone, he turned his attention to his brother's more immediate concerns. And what have you a notion of doin' now, Martin ? " he Baid. " Tou made no great things of it out there, I should 3uppose." " Oh, I'll rub along one way or the other," said Martin. He felt a faint, dreary satisfaction at the thought that his brother was taking all these precautions against a false alarm. As for the news of his own riches, he had not the heart to produce them. That whole story was now like a flower just dropped in pieces, all there still, but no longer worth looking at; and Tom had helped to shake off the petals. The vagueness of Martin's reply rather quickened Tom's apprehensions. " There's California now," he said, "people have great talk of the fruit-growing business. I believe there's money in it. Hod they any such thing out where you were ? " " Some," said Martin. • " I should suppose," said Tom," that a man with no capital to speak of might get employment at it ready enough, if he had experience. You've been knockin' around a goodish bit F " " High twenty year it is," said Martin. " A man was tellin' me only the other day," said Tom, " of a party goin' out there from Queenstown next week, Tuesday I think he said. Uncommon raisonable the fares were, he said. Some of them had been askin' hiin to join. A fine chance he said it was for anyone it might suit. From Queenstown next week. I couldn't swea now whether it's Tuesday or iv^'-^ - 7 " I landed Thursday evenin', and here's Saturday—not two days dear," Martin s ud meditatively. But Tom misconstrued the import of those calculations, and said encouragingly," You'd run down there in plenty of time, if that was alL And anyway you could be matin' enquiries. I wouldn't wonder if it was worth your while." " I wouldn't wonder," said Martin. He had suddenly quite determined to leave Drumclogher by that night"s train, not that he harboured the ghost of a plan respecting California, or any other place on the surface of the blank, unmeaning, doleful earth. One, however, occurred to him an hour or so later, when he looked out of his window and saw his sister Maggie pacing up and down in the little garden strip at the back of the house. He watched her for a while, and then went ont and joined her. Maggie was reading a little old book of devotions, which made her feel as if she were back again in the long, elm-shaded nun's walk at Saint Mary's Convent, where, however, she would not have encountered anything resembling Martin, in his loud-patterned check suit and flaming red tie, bought because he remembered that his mother had liked him to wear a smart one on Sundays. He had no time to spend on preliminaries, and came to the point at once, so that Maggie had scarcely broken off in the middle of her psalm, when he was saying, "Look here, Maggie, will I tell yon a bit of 4 secret ? " D' yon know I've come into a lot of money—a thundering lot. Old TTncle Francis left me every rap he'd got, and he'd made his pile something like. But what I was thinking, Maggie, is that if you haven't altogether made /up your mind to this nun business, you^d mliyfoe come along and keep house for *^ne—-anywhere yon might fancy; it's all %na r iind as "for spending, by Jingo, you might cariy on like a digger with a big nugget, you might so. And supposin' there was trouble with those convent people abont ypur breaMn" your contract, or whattyftc it' is, why I could stump up any am'dnntr; so' never you mind that. Fve a notion yon and I'd get on together first-rate, and in th9 matter of money, we could live like fighting cocks," Kerrigan knew full well that he was blurting out uncouth] y and roughly what he wanted to put forcibly and persuasively, but the knowledge helped him^as little as it has done many other people lii like case, and he ended with a conviction that he had ruined his own cause, which gives a crude bitterness , to the fruit of frustration and , failure. Yet in reality eloquence could have here availed him nothing. It would 1 merely have added to ..his sister's disconoertion by rendering less preposterously impracticable this alternative scheme suddenly held up between her and her securely mapped "out future, As It was, the incongruity had a reassuring glare. How should there be any link between her destiny and that of this gaunt, harshfeatured stranger, whose grizzled, blackbearded visage had only now and then a passing look whioh reminded her dimly of some long while ago, as his voice jarred familiar with foreign tones' in his halfunintelligible, slangy talk about his inoney. Maggie cared rather less for money than he md himself, and was heartily weary of hearing people discourse about how much and how little of it they had. Could Martin have known, he might. as hopefully have offered her one of the glowing marigold discs out of the border at- her feet in exchange for her longftherished dream of a life nestled in among quiet, 'Cloistered gardens, «nd grey walls that niched a' tiny white pell, stainless and still as the chamber in a spiny horse-chestziut burr.Any proposal which seemed to seriously menace the realisation of that dream would £ave struck her indeed with scire dismay, and even npw she ires so obviously-shocked and. startled that Martin felt almost-as if he had by inadventure thrown » stone near some small* wild feature, whom he did not mean to fngWjen. Beforeshe , e y e , ttw fete of to l«tatW f -ESfi i^BfS^fi^'l^SgJspBSs to pick up one strand of the old severed life across the chasm of years. "Ah! Martin, don't talk that way. How could I do such a thing ? It would be just turning back at the gate of heaven," said Maggie, with sincere solemnity, having at the moment a very clear -vision of her gentle motherly Novice Mistress waiting there to bid her welcome, of spacious hail and corridor, where the dimmest recesses held the light and incense of tall lilies, of the serene-countenanced sisters chanting in their choir, flecked with ruby and amethyst under the jewelled window—all seen through the shimmer of a mystical bridal veiL It was no wonder that talk about living like fighting cocks sounded to her scarcely like human speech. " Well, well, never mind about it then, Maggie girl," said Martin; "it was no more than an idea I took up, remembering you the jolly sort of little kid you used to be in the old days. You needn't let on I ever mentioned the matter; they'd maybe bother you about it. ,And I won't -say either bnt that you may be right to step in there, if you think you've got the chance; anyway, we come across plenty of the other place outside here, as far as Fve sampled it. But Fm off by the next train, so m say good-bye. And here's a bit of a sort of a shawl-brooch contrivance I got for someone else—she fancied them large-sized, I know." It's a general - view of the town and harbour of Sydney, done in silver work. I don't know you would be let wear such a thing, but perhaps it might, come in handy for pinning on your wings with—nuns are a kind of walking angel, as I understand." He went off jocosely, as suited his witticism ; but Maggie, though on the whole relieved at his departure, watched his exit with a remorseful twinge, and for the first time glanced at his request from his own point of view. There was something in his walk, as he disappeared among the yellowing currant bushes, that reminded her of her father; and she wished, uneasily, that Tom and Ellen had not been so staff, and that she herself had not allowed them to silence her by their glum dumbness when she -would have responded to his essays at conversation. However, she consoled herself a little by resolving that 6he would pray for him a great deal. Martin presently left the farm with every intention of returning thither no more. He neither announced nor denied that he was going rid Queenstown to California, and his brother and sister-in-law displayed a polite reserve about explicitly questioning him on his plans, though, from hints which they let fall, it was evident that they were strongly impressed with the advantages of emigration, especially when directed to the culture of oranges and apricots. Just before he started, he gave a bit of crumpled paper to little sneering Francy, and the child afterwards exhibited it to Mb father, observing—" He said it was for board and lodgin'." But Tom. Kerrigan, snapped it away angrily, saying that it was only a piece of foolery, and he thrust it far back into a drawer which he seldom opened—he would have liked to have put it in the fire. It was a ten-pound note. (To le Continued. J 