A Woman's Face. CHAPTER VI. TnE ileparturo of the ladies is usually hailed by tliQ coarser sex witli relief as tlic signal for a more unrestrained feast of such reason and flow of such soul 0.3 tho august assembly can command; When,however, Mrs. Cros mont left lior husband and his two com panions to their own devices, tliero foil upon tho group a depressed silence, which was brokou by the host, who, Rising abruptly, suggested an adjournment to his owu study. So°ho snatched np tho lamp, which flared and smoked under his rough handling, and, followed by tho other two, turnod to tho left along tho wido and rambling passage, which led out of the hall to tho sorvants' offices at the oilier extremity of this bouso. On their way they passed the principal staircase,^ a rather mean erection in light oak, opposite to the dining-room door, and two or three closed doors ou either band. " This house is nothing better than a rabbit-warren,'' grumbled the master of it, raising the lamp at every other step to illus trate his words. " It's full of little holes that won't hold more than two people at a time, and there isn't a room of decent size in the wholo place. You will laugh when you see what I call my study, Dr. Armatli waite." , They had reached a door at tho end of the passage,, and Mr. Crosmont explained j that it was the back eutrauce of tho house, j and that it was the one by which be himself went in and out. On one side of it was a narrow staircase loading to the uppor rooms and on the other another door, which lod them into the study. Armathwnito had not expected to find himself in an apartment which breathed learning and leisuro, but on the other hand ho was not quite prepurod for ssch a bold misapplication of tho word "study" as tho room, which was scarcely larger tlmu a good-sized cupboard, betrayed. There was not a book iu sight excopt "Ruff's Guide to the Turf" and two or threo more works of a similar kind, which lay on an office- table, strewn with papers in one cor ner. There was a shabby.carpefc and a worn hearthrug. There were two large and com fortable easy chairs, a high ofiico-stool, a straight-backed hall seat, and an iron safe, on which stood a handsome punch-bowl, There were moro whips and fishing-rods, auotlier guu, and a tennis-bat. Over tho mautlepiece was a trophy consisting of a hunting-crop, a cavalry sword, and a revol ver, uudernealh which were scattered a collection of pipes, an almanack, a clock, a match-box, a tobacco-jar, aud several pieces of billiard-chalk. On a nail bi-hi id the door hung a dear old lounging ooat, threadbaro, shiny at the seams, ragged at the. cuffs; the sort of treasure a dutiful wife niakei away with by stealth aud bestows in charity, afterwar3s disclaiming all knowledge of the deed. Into this den Mr. Crosmout brought his companions, and the atmosphero of it had a speedy and wholesome effccc upon his temper. Ho drew the chairs up to tho huge, woll-banked-up fire which was burning in the grate, and producing a botile of whisky and glassos from a cupboard in the wall, put a small kettle on tho fire, anu proceeded to slice alemon,with the sweetosl expression he had worn that evening. - Armatbwaito, who had now lit a cigar, watched bis host through the mellowing smoko with curiosity and interest.. The man was seen to more advantage hero in his own den than in his wife's prosenco in the more conventional dining-room. _ Even the dogs seemed to feel this, fjr having fol lowed the gentlomen from the one room to the other, they now absorbed the warmest part of tho hearth- rug in a perfectly fearless manner. One little action too, which would scarcely havo been noticed excopt by very keen eyes, revealed a moroattractive side to Mr. Oro3mont's character than had yet been manifest. In passing the office table ho knocked off the pile of sporting books aud out of one of them fell a photograph which, afser examining it carefully to see that it had sustained no damage, ho put, uot into the book again, but into his' pocket. Whether tho portrait was of a man or a woman Armatbwaito could not see ; but lie felt glad that he could uot. Under the un romantic but soothing influences of punch and tobacco Edwin Crosmont became good humoured and genial, and the talk turning npon the Englishman's fetich, the horse, tho utmost harmony prevailed until his uncle suddenly asked him why ho had sold Alma's horse, when ridiug was her chief pleasure. In an instant the young man's face clouded. "I can't let her risk her neck riding about in the winter-tiine .along these slip pery roads," he said in a tone which showed little of the affectionate solicitude his words implied. " When the Spring comes I'll got her a better horse. Gray Friar was getting old and was touched 111 the wind." " yhe never complained of him. I think she misses her rides. She's not the womau she was six mouths ago," said his uncle abruptly. Edwin Crosmout frowned. " She reads ghost stories, and talks about spiritualism and mesmerism and such nonsense, uutil she makes herself ill with her own fancies," he said irritably. "I don't tbinlr sbo reads any ghost stories, and I never heard her mention spiritualism until to-night. And then I think it was Dr. Armathwaite who intro duced the subject, not Alma." " Yes, it was I, Mr. Crosmont. I think I was describing to your wife the nervous symptoms which arc the result of dabbling witji the forces we call mesmeric aud byp 'notic." . . - ' . ' ? " I must beg you, Dr. Armathwaite, not to talk of them again. Of course yon don't believe in them yourself, but there is no saying what a nervous and fanciful wornT willget.into her head." , "I will. certainly not 'mention them to Mrs. Crosmont again since you wiali it, but as to believing iu the existence of tho-n forces, I think it is a matter which has passed out of the roalms of dispute," "You believe in all that rubbish ?" " ? " I believe in the existenco of a power we call mesmeric, by which the possessors of .it can control the wills of other persons^ es pecially those of a highly nervous tempora ment." ? "Then yon are more credulous than the members ef your profession usually are, 1 dcslov." . Annoyed by bis blunt rudoness and ignor tvnoe, Armathwaito was about to oito some experiments which bad been mado in his own presonco, whou tho eldor Mr. Crosmout bvoko in very concisely: " You havo n short momory, Nod. xou wont to a oourso of lectures on this subject with mo eight years ago, aud you wore much impressed by them." , <% I was youuRor then, * satuLmwin aliorti^ wliilo his faco flushed and ho glanced with n, sort of suspicion at each of his companions. " I recogniso now that it was mero quack ovy." " Thosomen are obiigod to bccomo quacks in tho long run, becauso their powers arc in termittent," s lid Armathwaito. " Anu they have to introduce tho. old stuff about messages front tho spirits, because tho more controlling of ono body by another, through on interesting but not supernatural physical cift, has really too little- of tho marvellous in it to afford a good living to the possossors | of this gift." " , . " Controlling of tho body, you say, broke in the elder Mr. Qrosmont-. "And bow about 'll "The two are so intimately connected that vou emiuot inflaonco tho one without cffoct upon tho other. But that this mesmeric power is. in its essence a physical gift is proved, I think, by the fact that peoplo of comparatively coarse and feeble minds have beon known to exorcise it over persons who were undoubtedly their intellectual supcri i ors." ,, > " H'm ; rather a dangerous power then, 11 should think." j " It might bo, certainly, m unscrupulous ! haRdwin Orosmont had' dropped out of the conversation, and was busily choosing a cig.iv. Avmatliwaile fancied, liowover, that 1 in spite of his scoffing, ho was moro. inter ested tnan ho wished to appear. " I shouhKlhink Alma would be a good medium slie has just the nervous, excit able temperament that is open to all mllu ences," «aid the uncle. ? "Well, I won't allow any experiments to be made upon my wife," said Orosmont abmptlv. " It- is quito bad euc.ugh for one doctor to have saddled mo with the wife' who was the daughter of a lunatic; I don t want another doctor to reduce her to tho samo ^l-Ii's hearers were both shocked-Arnmtli wiite by this revelation, tho elder man-by the coarsones.-* with which it was made. ^ .. Ned, Ned, think what you'ro saying, said his uncle." ' , T "Well, and why ehouldu t I say itf cried.Edwin, whoso fnco was by this time flushed and his mannor reckless. "why should I hide the way in which I have been lioak-wi deed into marrying a woman whoso eyea tell everyone tho horrible truth ? J-eara a"o, Dr. Armathwaito," ho continued hotly, turuiug his back imyatioutly upon his uncle, " this house was a lunatic asylum, very pri vate, very select, but none tho less an <wj lum, in which there was a mad musician who dabbled in your mesmerism and your quackery a* well. He was cured, or sft-.U to bo cured; at any rate ho was discharged, and Dr. Paolo, who was some relation ot the proprietor of the place,. took nn interest in hint which he exteuded' to n daughter the man had. When the nmsiciau died, Dr. Peele was his executor and guardian to the child. For some reason or other lie took it into his head to make a match betweeu us, and wheh I. at that time suffering from a great disappointment, went to mako a stay in Loudon, bo introduced me to this girl, who was then studying at tho South Ken sington Art Schools, and without telling me a word about bar father's history, never vested till lie had mode a match of it. Was that what you ov any other man can call honest?" : ? . . ..... « on y)R face of it one havdty hkes to an swer.' Did ho offer no explanation ?" . " Oil, yes, ho sworo tho father never was mad at'all. But yon have only to look into her eyos to see that it was a he, aud 1 don't care who knows it from my lips m flt<Amathwaite was appalled. _ O.i the ono hand, this seemed themil.y rational solution of tho problem prefed by Mr-. Oros mont's weird eyes and mysterious manner ; on the other, ho was unwiUim;, even pas sionately unwilling >' believe that the strange, spiritual ftiicin.ition tin.? woman ex ercised over him, tho atmosphere of rehnc meut of person and of luind which seemed to surround her, proceeded fronvno:hmg hut a weak or deranged-intellect. But tho lady had a stronger ally than he could davo to be. Hieing from bis seat, his kind blue eyes alight with feeling, tho elder Mr^ Crosmout laid his hand firmly on his nephew s s.iouldcr and said in a solemn voice : # , "You would see »<> madnoss in your wile a 0Yeg. Ned, if you hadn't, been bewitched by 'a pair that have no heart behind them. There followed upon this direct speech a minute of excited silence, each mini of the three waiting with loud-beating hsarfc for what would come of tho cballeugo. At last Ned Orosmont raised -Ins bend; his swallow skin looked grriy in the lamp-light under the influence of some strong emotion, the line seemed to have suddenly deepened in his face, and his light eyes to have grown bright aod eloquent. . " , - "Don't talk about things-yon-don t u»du stand, Uncle Hugh,.' he said in a husky voice. "What right iihva you to prate ot the heart or no heart, of a woman to whom yon have said ' How do yon do and Good dav?' And if yon can loam so much by a casual glance at a pair of blue oyeu, why shouldn't X be able tu loarn someth.ng_ by daily looking into a pair of brown ones.? I will'listen to- whatever you have to^ say m excuse for Alnm, but not a word in blame of awkwardness oflHng present at this do mestic skirmish, and. recognising .with as 1 touishmeut and syntjnal'y e_ sitv of the pissions thn' snnjod in the In cast (,f each member of this quiet country house, hold: ibe fierce and fervid devotion winch the surly and coarse-manuen.'d-man fal, foi his old play-folio v.-;? the tender fatherly sympathy of t.hc elder- man for both rough husband and delicate wife; the yearning unrest of. a disappointed heart winch looked out from the sad eyes of the neglocted wife. Ned Orosmont pulled himself togethei m a fpw moments and with a loud langh ? thov were making a dull evening of it. tie 1 died more .punch and drank himself move dooply than the rost, bat ilia hilarity ho wi»hod to promoto would not como. Undo Hugh told eomo good stories, for ho hiul boon nil over tlio world, first in tho En glish and i»ftorwards in tlio Turkish army, and hud gaiued much strange oxporionco and the ni't of rocording it woll : but through all Iiia laughter,. Nod lookod harassed, and i Armathwaito found tho living drama, among I tlio personages of which ho had been sud douly cast, mora interesting than any of tho picturosquo incidents of a roving lifo. Whon tho littlo clock on tlio mantelpiooo struck twelve, Undo Hugh, glancing at tho nodding hoad of his uopliow, who had for tho last hnlf-hour sunk iuto siicnco and morosonoss, gavo tho signal for rotiromont, which Armathwaito, who could scarcely koop awako, had long boon earnestly craving. Nod spraog np and angrily domauded what ho lneaut by breaking up the party jiut when thoy woro beginning to oujoy them selves ; but his undo moroly said : " I fancy after a day's hard travelling Dr. Armathwaito would enjoy himself moro in bod." Going out of tho room ho returned im mediately with threo candlos, and lighting thorn deliberately without hcediug his nephew's grumbling, ho marched sorenely out of tho room, avoidiug by a clover and nimblo " duck " of his hoad, " Sport in tho Reigu of the Goorgos," which the dutiful Nod aimed at him with a parting bouGdiotion. Armathwaito seized tbo opportunity to wish his host good night, and was allowod to follow Undo Hugh without molestation. Half-way iilong tho passage tho older man halted for the younger ono to como up with him. " He'll perhaps bo there by himself half tho night," ho whispered. " He's making himself an old man before bis time by this turning night into -day and- and-other follies. If he has to make a short journey,, to Liverpool or Edinburgh or anywhere else as lie has to do once or twico a mouth, on Lorn Kildonan's business, ho starts off at night, when thoro's no earthly reason why bo shouldn't go by day. Ho says it's the night hours tlmfc are tho hardest to get through. Sometimes lie makos poor Alma sit up in that littlo den all the night with him whon he's in the blues. Nowjaskyou is that aright state of things for a iuan tvith tho constitution of a horse, loading a life which ought to bo tho healthiest iu tho world ?" " Corlaiuly not. iL's about as wrong as it can be. Aud is there no one with influ ence enough ovor him to induce him to alter it?" " " Tho only person who has tho influence hasn't tlio will to cni'o two straws what he does with liimsolf whon ho is out of lior figJit. A8 long ad lie is at hot: beck and onll by day, it is all the same to her whether he sleeps or drinks himsolf into frenzy at night. At loast that is my improssion. And for all that I don't believe thoro's any harm in her; I suppose no man could look at her and think there was. She's just a beautiful spoilt wo mnn, and I don't suppose anybody could make her understand that sho hasn't a hfcavon-born right to iho worslup and tlio submission and tho dutiful rdveruneo of ovory man who comes near her. You can't bhimo her: lots of ugly wotnon think the same: only tho ngly womeu can't got tboir rights, aud she can. It's rough on Alma though, vory.'' "Oau't her husband see that his treatment tends to bring about that vory derangement of which lie speiiks ? For ho does not roally believo in it, surely 1" " It is hard to say. One inclines so nat urally to: boliovo what would excuso one's own conduct." . " H;'iw long have they boon married " liighteon mouths. Since the first six j weeks of their marriage tlioy have always lived hero, and I bavo lived with them bj' their own desire. From tho very first things have all tended tho same way ; no quarrell ing, no discussion; but always the same estrangement, tho same neglect, raoroso nnrg, and irritability ou his sidn, the same silnnt submission ou hers, getting moro and more marked as time gof.-s on. It's a strange and unhappy state of things, nnd ono wond ers how it will end.'" A cm nth wail a wondered still more how it had begnn. Thnt.amau in all the freshness of t he first weeks of married, lifo should ho indifferent to the grace and charm of such an attractive and interesting woman as Alma Grosunont seemed to him mnrvellous, in spito of tlio impression Lady Kildonan's move dazzling beauty had made upon him. They wero absurdly ill-matchcd, evidently ; this coarse, uncultivated man,with strong sensual inclinations, and few ideas beyond their gratification ; aud the nervous, sensitive wotnnn, who seemed to quiver with repressed passion and . spnliment even While, with pathetic wifelinoKS, she listened with duti fully-bent head to her husband's grumbling comment? on his-dinner, the weather, her dnlnesB; the conspiracy of all things, animate and inanimate, against his comfort. And Lady Ifildonan, did she know or oaro for the havoc she was working in her old playfellow's household ? Tlio question - raised' many others equally interesting, and Armathwaito decided that he must at all hazards accept this lakeside siren's invitation to The Crags, as ho easily could do on pretence of return ing the twice-lost handkerchief; for when ever he inclined to the belief that she was acting in very wantonness, her spnrkling faco would riso'np again in his memory as he had seen it smiling good-humouredly through tlio veil of falliug suow, and ho said to himself that it could not bo: she was as fair as a rose, and it was no fanlt of hers if men would look upon her 'fairness until it shut out everything else from their sight. And wilh these, reflections ho found himself at tho top of the staircase, exactly opposite to which was the door of his room. V Undo Hugh opened tho door for him,, and said ho hoped the wind wouldu't keep him awake. "I don't fancy it will," ho added, cheer fully. "You see this room is in exac'.lv the centro of the. front of the house. When it was an aSylum," ho . continued in a low tone, "this was called the doctor's room, and was used by the principal; so it ought to be pretty comfortable. However, if you should be-harassed hy nneasy spirits or anything of that sort, my room is two doors off, to the left on the opposite side ; you can come right in aud jump upon me, or tilt the bedstead up, for I sloop like a log. Good night." Ho went away, shutting tho door after him, anil AmuUhwuito gavo a glauco round tho apartment. It wns rnthor n sranll roc^K plainly furnished with n high iron bedstone and mahogany suite. No rognlatod phantom can bo conceived as haunting a coofn iu wliioh tboro is uofc a four-pastor with dark Wno or dark greon hangings; and as bo sidos the young doctor's thoughts woro still too fully occupiod with tho living for him to trouble himsolf about tho spirits of thodoad, he undroased, blew out tho caudles and got j into bod without evon tho passing tribute of a suiilo at tho raputod myatorioua attributes, of the room. Infatuated husband, fassinating and no "lectod wife, dangerous boanty, woro all, howovor, poworless agniust tho effects of hia long journoy. Worn out by fatiguo and ox citemont, iu two minuloB ho was Bound asleep. TO BE CONTINUED. 