General News. Destitute Boamj. — We notice by the Government Gazette that Mr. Thomas Leahy, J.P., of North Adelaide, has been appointed a member of . the Destitute Board in lieu of Mr. Arthur Pox, who hais resigned. There has always been a member of the Catholic community oh the Board, and we are glad that so qapable a representative has been obtained as Mr. T. Leahy, who was' formerly a farmer in the North and has still an interest there. MusicalExabiinations.—In addition to the successful candidates at the musical examinations at the Adelaide University, published last issue, Master Boy Herbert Mansfield, a pupil of Mrs. F. Stapleton, was also successful. Election for Alderman.—In our last issue we inadvertently stated that Mr. Arthur Ware was a candidate for council lor for Gawler Ward. It should have read candidate for alderman for the city. Mr. Ware was formerly a councillor for Gawler Ward. . The Victorian Harvest.—Day by day the harvest outlook is becoming more dismal, and there is not, as far as can be discerned, the least sign or hope of rain falling m time now to do any good to the crops. The average yields (says "Thistle down m the Australasian) will be far lower than what they have yet been estimated at; a great many farmers will hardly reap one bushel to the acre, while thousands of acres will not be worth stripping at all. The growers who get a bag to the acre this time will be fortunate indeed ; I fear they will be few and far between who are so lucky. But in another week or two I shall be able to report more definitely on the subject Present prospects are gloomy in the extreme as regards all cereal crops, and very soon similar complaints about the g!?S8 w?^ heard. Pastures are dying off rapidly, that except where summer green crops have been sown, there will shortly be a great falling off in the milk supply at the factories. The grass has held out fairly well so far, but it is now getting very white, even in the southern parts of the colony. The butter season will, therefore, be but a brief one this year ; and what with no wheat, very little butter, and light clips, the farmers are meanwhile not in a very happy frame of mind. Their position is by no means one to be envied. However, most of them are solid at the bank, and they can with stand an occasional dry season without making any fuss about it. Municipal Elections.—The polling in connection with the above elections will take place in the different wards on Monday, December 2. Mr. 0. Tucker has been returned unopposed as Mayor of the City. The following gentlemen have announced themselves in our advertising columns as candidates:—Mr. C. Wells and Mr. F. Johnson offer themselves for election as Aldermen, for which position there are two vacancies. The following gentlemen seek election as Councillors Gawler Ward, Mr. J. C. Healv and Mr. W. G. Coombs; Macdonnell Ward, Mr. Geo. Bickle. For Norwood and Kensington Corporation — Kensington Ward, Mr. P. Gannoni and Mr." G. Dankel; East Norwood Ward, Mr. H. Bray. Concert at Sevenhills. — A concert was held at Sevenhills on Wednesday evening, November 20, in the assembly room of Mr. H. T. McCann's Black Eagle Hotel, in aid of the Sisters of St. Joseph's School. The evening being cool and pleasant and suitable for driving there was a good attendance of visitors from Clare and the surrounding townships. Mr. A. Walsh occupied the chair. The following programme was effectively ren dered :—Pianoforte overture, Mrs. Lake ; song, " Comrades," Mr. J. L. Smith ; vocal duet, Mrs. and Miss Lake; song, " I'll place it in the hands of my solicitor," Mr. M. Ryan ; song, "The Frenchman," Mr. T. H. Mildren; song, " The anchor's weighed," Mr. T. P. Gilleu ; song, "Home sweet home," Miss Kelly ; song, " Killarney," Miss Kozlowski ; song, "I'll befriends with my brother again," Mr. P. Eyers; overture, Mrs. Lake; song, "Good-bye, Mavourneen," Mr. T. Dempsey; song, "Thesong of the steeple," Mr. T. P. Gillen; song, " I caught it," Mr T. H. Mildren; song, ' .Robin Adair," Miss Kelly; song, " When other lips," Miss McArdle ; song. "Molly Riley 0," Mr. J. L. Smith; song, " I trust you still," Miss Lake; song, "Killaloo," Mr. M. Ryan; laugh ing song, Mr. T. H. Mildren. The national anthem concluded the programme. Mr. T. F. Reynolds played most of the accompaniments in good style. After the concert a supper was given to the perfor mers, followed by a ball. ' Dancing was kept until an early hour. Queen of Angels' Literary Society. —At the weekly meeting of the above society held on November 27, the vice president (Mr. J. Leonard) presided over a large attendance. The programme for the evening consisted of elocution and music, the following taking part:—Songs, Messrs. J. A. McCormack (2), D. Dur kan, L. P. McMshon, P. Martin and C. J. Supple (2); recitations, Messrs. J. Leonard, L. P. McMahon and P. Sullivan.. Messrs. L. P. McMahon, P. Leonard, D. F. Brazel, C. J. Supple, J. T. McMahon, F. J. Keough, P. Martin and J. A, ; McCormack acting as critics. A solo by Mr. W. Boland and a reading by Mr. J. T. McMahon concluded the programme. Children's Concert, Thebarton.- - The pupils of the Sisters; of St, Joseph will hold a graDdjuvenile entertainment in the Institute Hall; Thebarton.Cn Wed nesday, December 4." Seeing the popu larity of th$r Sisters' concerts the seating capacity of tbe hall should be taxed te the utmost. St. Ignatius' Literary Society.—, The weekly meeting of the above, society was held in the Schoolroom, Bridge Street, Kensington, on Tuesday last, there being a large attendance of mem-; bers, lady associates, and visitors present, presided over by Mr. M. J. McDonougb. Correspondence was received, from the: Literary Societies' Union and from St. Patrick's Literary Society, enclosing tickets for their concert. Mibs Pollie Ryan was elected a member of the pro gramme committee. The evening was a musical and dramatic one, the following being the programme:—Overture, Miss Sugg; song, "The old loch," Miss F. Ryan; song, " Why was I looking out," MiBS B. Pflaum, also " Whisper and I shall hear," as an encore number. Selection on piano, Miss £. Ascione. Scene from " Hamlet," Act L, parts of Scenes 2, 4, 5, the following being the cast:—Hamlet, Mr. M. Cullen; Horatio, Mr. J. P. Crowley ; Marcellus, Mr. C. £. Bridgwood; the Ghost, Mr. J, F. Chip per ; Barnardo, Mr. J. F. Chipper. Song; "Douglas Gordon," Miss Mary Ryan; song, " Asthore," Miss Nellie Morrissey, who repeated the last verse for an encore ; songs, " Maid of Athens " and " The Garonne," Mr. G. C. Bridg wood ; recitation, "The legend beauti ful," Miss Pollie Ryan. !fhe items were criticised by members. Entertainment at Glenelg. — The entertainments given by the Sisters of St. Joseph's pupils are always excellent. We have had to chronicle several lately, and others are to come, among these is one in the town hall, Glenelg, by the pupils attending St. Mary's School there. The children have been pre paring for some time under the care of the Sisters and Miss Carrigg, so a good concert may be expected. Yalumba Wines.—Now that the hot weather has set in the query of what to drink becomes a burning question though a cool subject. It is a surprise to us why so many people in this hot climate indulge in heavy beers and heating spirits, whilst they have light, cooling and invigorating wine, the natural pro duction of the country to resort to. To those who feel the oppressive weather we have been experiencing, or who find this a rather dry subject, we can recom mend a refreshing draught of Messrs. Smith and Son's Yalumba wines, which are undoubtedly the best in the market. The firm obtained four special and two first prizes at the Hobart Exhibition ; and at Bordeaux, where they had to com pete against the best wines in the world, the Yalumba brand obtained a silver medal. Those who wish for proof posi tive should visit the depdt, Grenfell Street, where samples can be tested and orders received. Conference of the Irish Race.— The loose way in which cablegrams on Irish subjects come to us is shown by the statement a few weeks ago that Arch bishop Walsh, of Dublin, had suggested a convention of the Irish race in Dublin. It appears that this suggestion came from Dr. Walsh, Archbishop of Toronto, Canada, and not his namesake of Dub lin. In a letter to the Hon. E. Blake, M.P., after deploring the dissensions in the Irish party that have thwarted and baflied the Home Rule cause, the Archbishop of Toronto suggests that a great national convention should be held in Dublin composed of the chosen repre sentatives of the clergy and people of Ireland, and of an advisory representation of the Irish race abroad. In that con vention he would urge Ireland to speak out her mind, and emphatically insist on union and condemn faction, and uphold the party representatives whose methods and conduct she approved. " Let those," he continues, " whose intolerance of con trol, personal jealousies, aad animosities had done so much to break the unity and waste the strength of the national party be condemned." Dissensions and feuds in the past had been the curse of Ireland. Catholic Literary Societies' Debate. —A debate took place between St. Francis Xavier's and St. Ignatius' Literary So cieties on Thursday evening, November 14, in St. Francis Xavier's Hall. Mr. A. MacDonald presided ovet* a large attend ance, including many lady visitors. The subject was " Are the present, village settlements to the best interest of the colony 1" Messrs. J. Moroney, C. W. James, and H. Cronin, representing St. Francis Xavier's, took the negative, while Messrs. M. Cullen, J. Flaherty, and J. P. Crowley, St. Ignatius', argued in the affirmative. Good arguments were brought forward on either side, and the judges (Hon. Gregor McGregor, M.L.C.,' ind Mr. W. Gordon), after some deliberation, decided in favor of St. Francis A avier's Society. Mr. Cronin proposed a vote of thanks to the judges, which was carried by acclamation. Messrs. McGregor and , Gordon suitably replied.' A vote of thanks to the visitors terminated the proceedings. Patriotism.—We have received from A. M. Ryan, Catholic Book Depot, Free man Street, a pamphlet entitled "Patriotism i its 'J)pty' and Value,'! an addrdss by the Most Rev. ,J[ohn Ireland, D.D., to the: Copiroandeiy. of the Loyal Legion, Ne# York, .^he lecture, like all which proceed frbin the gifted Archbishop of St, Paul's, 'is eloquent and forcible ana imbudd withihe patriotic spirit. 