LOCAL AND 0ENEEAL ITEM& Hb Wouldn't Take the Oath.— In an aaaault case at the Mdrpeth Police Court yesterday a. witness waB called by the defendant to give evidence as to the original cause of the disagreement, and t©- show that the complainant waB in the wrong. . The witnesB, who remained in the Court during the) hearing of the case, notwithstanding the order for all witnesses to keep out of hearing of the Courts wan uDjectea to Dy me complainant s solicitor, m'h* witness explained that he had not been sub pconaed and that he would give no evidence about the circumstances of the caBe, whereupon the solicitor withdrew his objection. But the witnps*,, who was smiling all the time as if much amused,, refused to take the oath, but agreed to make a statement without doing so. This was refused, and several attempts were made to get him to take th» oath, but he persistently, with a broad grin, . refused, evidently under the mistaken notion that he could do so with impunity. A snigger wenfe- round among the spectators, and the attorney f or- the prosecution compluined that it was setting a badpreced«nt to allow the witness to set the Court afc defiance. The spectators now began to laugh, and the senior-constable complained that the witnegfir was bringing ridicule upon the Court;, and leading other personB to imagine they also could refuse to give evidence. The Bench cautioned tha witaeBB tnat they had power to commit him to prison, which appeared to sober him somewhat. He stepped into the box with a jaunty air, and said, ' Well, I'll doi| to please you.' The Bench administered a rebuke, and warned the young man to be careful or he would get into trouble.' Tbe evidence was then given, but it was not material to the case. A Variegated Mouse. — We were shown this morning by Mr. Ben. Falkiner a live mouse, cap tured by him at his residence in Church-street last evening, and if it was not exactly— like Joseph's coat — one of many colours, it was at least most peculiarly marked, parts of it being of a very dark brown, and parts plentifully spotted, especially across the loins, with white. Tbs little rodent was caught in a trap by the tail, and held captive till Mr. Falkiner secured him this morning. This ia the second mouse of the eame colour caught in the same place. Mr. Falkiner intends to give the uuuub i/u luh .LttuanoLogicaL museum ausnoniries, . and if it doeB not live and thrive it may be worth, preserving for the remarkable manner in which it is coloared. Dubbo Pastoral Report.— There is no chango in the weather since our last. The days are warm and the nights cold. Eain is very badly wanted, for the feed is very scare;, and indeed on the open; flats it has entirely disappeared. If we do not soon have a good fall, the winter -will be a very bad onei There are very few stock movements. A large number of stock has been forwarded for slaughter and chilling to the meat works. Piices in Sydney are too low to induce sending on there, but there ia no doubt that if there is no change in the weather, large numbers of stock will be sent for boil-'ng down, aB it will be necessary to bring down numbers,. — Dispatch, April 19. We desire to recommend to all— ARNOTP'S MILK ARROWROOT BISCUITS. 638 Cricket. — A match which would have caused some interest was to have taken place on the Albion Ground on Saturday next, 27th, when a re» presentative Durbim Electorate eleven was to have met an eleven of H. R. D. C. Association, butow'ng to the show committee resuming the ground oa that date, it has had to be abandoned. Mr. G, Gleanie, of Gresford, had the arranging of matters and the Durham team was to include the best men from CJarence Town, Dungog, and Gresford dis trict. St. Paul's Parish. — Ifc will be observed liy advert:sement in another column that the newly* appointed incumbent 06 St. Paul's Church, West Maitland, the Rev. T. R. Regg, will be indacted info the cure to-morrow (Sunday) at the morning service. The ceremony will be performed by hi* Lordship the Bishop of Newcastle. Holy Com* munion will be administered at the same service. Evening service will take place at half-past seven, At St. BArnabas' Church, Horseshoe Bend there will be children's service at three in the afternoon*. A Gigantic Gobbler.— About a fortnight since Mr, Ha-ry Callaghan (son of the host of the Metropolitan Hotel), with a young friend, repaired to Breeza, at the invitation of Mr. Morse Clif t, for a week's Bhooting, and we had ocular demonstration to-day that the t'amons station contains something more than broad acres, great pastures, and splen did sheep, for Mr. Callaghan exhibited to us the largest plains turkey we huve ever seen. Some idea of the dimensions of the bird may be gained when we state that we measured his stretch of wings from extreme tip to tip, and the taps showed 7f c. 7in., whilst with the entrails removed he turned the scale at 241b. What a monster ho must have been when Alive P He was very hard to ki'l, too, for Mr. Callaghan, to whose prowess the gabbler owed his demise, had to hit him three times with heavy charges before he finally dropped* Game is very plentiful at Breeza this season, and the party made sunh havoc among it: dead and alive that the Maitlanders, at least, now feel inclined to turn up their respective noses at any thing more delicate or rechtrcM than salt beef and damper. 'The Octoroon.'— Visitors to West Maitland on the occasion of the forthcoming show need not suffer from ennui if they eleot to remain in town,. as that popular and exciting drama 'The Octo roon' ie to be presented afc the Town Hall, the datas chosen being the 30th instant, and May 1 and 2, and the performers, a band of the best local talent available who have been drilled and tutored by that well-known and capable aefcor, Mr. W H. Kelly, who will have for his leading lady Miea Llena Loveday, a charming young actress who was lately appearing at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney. 'The Octoroon,' as originally written by Dion Boucicault, was a startling and somewhat Wood thirsty production which served to pourtray start* ling incidents in South American social and slave life, lut it has been dramatised so often and so differently within the past years that it is probable the original author would Hot know some of the versions if he were permitted to re- visit the earth to try, but in the one shortly to be placed before the public of Maitland all tka beat dramatic points have been preserved, whilst the rough and repugnant edges which grated on those who witnessed the old play have been softened down by* music and dancing, which have been intro duoed with a liberal and intelligently-directed hand. There will altogether be some 70' persons engaged in the production, and as they have been assiduously rehearsing for several weeks past they are now letter and action perfect, and their efforts will com pare well with those of any company which, has eBBtyed ' The Octoroon' in Maitland in the past, if we except one combination. Then Mr. W. H. Kelly (who will assume his old role on this occasion) was Wah-no-tee, and in the caste were the names of Leake (the famous American actor), Bill Andrews, Simmons, old Sam Howard, and tho beautiful Alice Johns. The ghost will ne'er again appear for the notable quartette of Thespian* named, for they have passed away one by one, whilst the lady is now on the stage in England. An advertisement in reference to the presentation ap pears elsewhero in this issue. Nothing more perfoct for Growing Children than ARNOTT'S MILK ARROWROOT BIS CUITS. 588 Chrysanthemum: Show at East Maitland.— It will be noted from an announjement elsewhere that a Chrysanthemum Show will be held in the Mechanics' Institute, East Maitland, on Friday and Saturday next, in aid of St Peter's ChHrch. The show wilt open from 7.30. on Friday evening, and on Saturday at 3 p.m. and 7.30 p.m. A concert and tableaux will be given on each evening, ami as the arrangemnnt3 of the show are in the capable hands of Mr. W. B. Lusk, ifc should prova a thorough success, like its predecessors. The Distillery Company's Prospectus.— Elsewhere will be found the prospectus of the pro posed Distillery Company. It may be observed that the forms of application for shares may be obtained from Messrs. Alfred Beckett and J. Bambach, Eelah wine vaults depOt, West Maitland. In connection with so important an undertaking as this, which assumes the character of a national in dustry, there should ifc appears to us be a public movement. Tho approaching bIiow of the H. R. A. ? and H. Association would be an excollent opening for the advocacy in public meeting of the claims of the company to attention and furtherance, and we hope stops may be takun to arrange for such a gathering. ^ V Dr. Babnabdo's London- Wobi.— The age of ' ' ^ miracles, we are told, iB past, and in this proBaic ara it may seem that we must not expect any special interference of Providence|in thingB financial and temporal. But whatever may be the common view readers of the March number of Night and Say, now before us, must feel that Dr. Barnardo has undoubtedly given us in ' Personal Notes, a record of experiences which many will be disposed to call ' latter-day miiacles' : marvellous inter ventions, aB he believes, of providential care, often at periods of the greatest anxiety and extremity, on 's behalf of the great family of oufccsst and orphan j children under his care. It is little wonder that with such reminiscences fresh in his mind, he con templates the enlargement and extension of his wort | to an almost indefinite extent. His first party of I 250 trained lads for Canada are, he announces, to S sail on the 21st of this month. Meanwhile, every 24 I hours, he is admitting 8 or 9 fresh cases of child I misery, so that the Homes, with their 5000 inmates, I touch the great world at many points, their records I becoming increasingly national in their character. I Of course Dr. Barnardo dwells upon the recent I crisis arising out of want of work and destitution, | aggravated by the eevere cold.in the East End, where 1 he has such a ret-work of Mission effort on behalf ? of the adult poor. Night and Day would hardly be ?- what we have been led to expect, if a large share of -'; its space were not given up to placing before its ? readers the successful outcome, of the work of child i i rescue and training undertaken by the Homes. So, ' ; in anarticle entitled ' Living Pictures,' the value of the Institutions in transforming the lives of the Waifs and Strays with whom they deal, is fully demonstrated. The illustrations, which are taken ? from photographs, are admirable. The picture of f ' Job,' for instance, Bhows on the one side the ', little fellow as a ' full-blown tramp,' and on tbe -l other as ' one of our Canadian donors.' Dr. Bar ? nardo, indeed, appears to have a practically ?' unlimited faith in emigration, carried on under ?i strictest supervision, and among carefully selected i boys and girls. The party he proposes to send on v the 21st will cost £10 per boy, or a total of £2500 ; 7 but if that means 98per cent, of successes, it is cheap '?-? at the price. Altogether a number to be heartily ?: commended to all who are interested in social ques ? tionB, and who ought therefore to be ready to /' put their hands in their pockets to help to solve them. Dr. Barnardo's address is, 18 to 26, Stepney Causeway, London, E. ? Moeeh-InvereIiL EaiiiWAT. — In reference to ????'* the meeting at Inverell in favour of the proposed railway from Moree to Inveiell, the Minister of Works states that, as it wa3 thought that Tnverell could be more cheaply connre'ed with Moree ):? than with Glen Innes, it hei bren decided : to have a Burvey made of the routu bo ,? : tween Moree and Inverell. That survry is f now proceeding. If the railway is bu'lt to Glen '; lnnes traffic will have to be taken up over mountainous country and dpwn again to reich '.:, Sydney, whereas the line via Moree would be ? almost level, and the cost of hatrtrge would conse j ??;? quently be le°s. The line to Morefl would be about ?; SO miles longer than that to Glen lnnes, but owing to the easy nature of the country it would not coit \- more to construct than the line to G'en lnnes. The ?work of surveying now in progress is purely ..'; tentative. ' The sweetest, purest, most delicious and best Biscuits are AENOTT'S MILK AEEOWEOO'J 3. ?! ' 538 i Public Meeting be Flood Mitigation.— It will be observed by advertisement elsewhere that | ?., in answer to a large and iaflueutfolly-signed requi | *?- sition, got up through the indefatigable energy of 5 Alderman Taylor, to whose exertions in the matter j great praise is due, — the Mayor of West Mait'and ' (Mr, H. CrotherB) has convened a public meeting : of the inhabitants of West Mait'and at tbe Town :; Hall, on Tuesday evening next, for the pnrpo3e of ? assisting in a general scheme of flood mit:gavion for .? the valley of the Hunter. There sl'ould be a J.Tga ? attendance on the occasion, and we Uait sometbiag : practical will be the outcome of the meeting. ? Obdee op Sales. — The order to be observed by ; auctioneers of fat stock at the Campbell's H'1' s?'e \ yards on Monday is ps follows :— 1. Mr. J. N. 5 Brunker. 2. Edwd. Hizgins, Marsha'l, and Co. ; 3. Mr. E. W, Sparke. : Sale of Booths, Etc. — The sale of booths and ? refreshment stalls in connection with the local exhibition was conducted on the Albion Ground this afternoon by Mr. J. H. Bruaker, when the following prices were realised: — No. 1 publicans' booth, Mr. J. Moylan, £13 5b; No. 2 publicans' booth, Mr. Wiebe, £15 15s; No. 1 cake sti'l, Mr. J. E. Wayland, £5 ; No. 2 cake stall, Mr. J. Lavbult, £3 5a i No. S cake sta'l, Mr. Geo. Moere, £3 53; No. 4 stall, Mr. J. Laybntt, £3 5s. The to* Vwai JB40 10s, thus comparing badly with some piev 'on ? years. Thb Queensland Shhabing Season. — A Hugh it is believed that the ballot in conn* ctiou with the proposed strike has resulted in a large tmjoiily against a strike .this year, but the labour unioa officials are very reticent with regard to the matter. At Sesbania shearing is progressing well. Cam bridge Downs will start shearing on Monday next. An Octopus ? on a. Febkt-boat. — An extra ordinary incident occurred last night (reports the Herald) on the ferry-boat Lotus, plying- between Neutral Bay and Circular Quay. About 10 minutes to 9, as the boat was rounding Kirribilli Point, and heading for tbe quay, a lady and gentleman, who were seated on the lower deck at the stem of the steamer, were considerably surprised at feeling a cold substance wind itself round them. The lady jumped with a scream, and pulled away her hand, which waa being held to the rail. The gentleman also got clear, and then he found that the cacse of the alarm was an enormous octopus, which had climbed up the side of the vessel. From tip to tip of it-3 tentacles it measured 5ft.. rnd iti head was a3 thick as a man's thigh. Fire man Henry Bestall had a hard tisk in mik ing the monster loose its hold of the deck. Attacking it with a broom, he used the handle &i; a lever to force the long armB of the octopus from the railings of the deck, but as one was uafastened another would be wound round a pillar. However, aftsr a struggle of 10 minufs, and by taking a quick advantage of a favourable oppoi Unity, tbe octopus was thrown back into the harbour. The lady, who was startled by the clammy tentacle ou ; . her hand, had not regained control of herself by the ' time the steamer reached the wharf. The suddenness with which the monster appeared led tbe past en- gersto think that it had jumpd on board, as a flying fish might do ; but this is not at all feasible, especially aB the Lotus was going at thwrate of six or eeven miles an hour. The octopus probably got on to the bottom of the vessel as it was lying at the Neutral Bay Wharf, and when the steamer started the wash disturbed it, and ic then crawled on to the deck. Bebbah Wines. — In connection with the recent agricultural show in Sydney, Mr. W. Y. Cousins, of Bebeah Vineyard, Singleton, has been awarded first prize in all tbe classeB for natural wine, any vintage ; also, for wines of the 1894 vintage ; in addition to the champion prizes for wines taking the greatest number of points in any vintage, and wineB taking the greateBt number of points 1894 vintage. The Pebthshibh'8 Live Cattlh Cabgo— The Largest Shipment from Australia. — At the invitation of the owner of the cattle, Mr. F. H. Eelph, a number of gentlemen interested in the live cattle export business visited the steamer Perthshire yesterday. The steamer (reports the Herald) is lying at Pyrraont wharf, and will sail for London, via New Zealand. The cattle numbered 150 head, and are housed in substaniaUy-built Btalls. Mr. Belph, in a conversation yesterday, Stated that he shipped 100 head by the Nairnshire, and they arrived at a good market. Only five died on the trip. Ho expects to land his present lot in equally good condition. Some of the animals are from Stoneleigh, near Townsville, and are neither so heavy framed, or in as good condition as those from the Eichmond Downs in Northern Queensland. The bullocks cost in Queensland £3 per head, the freight is £6 per head, and the cost of erecting stalls and providing fodder amounts to about another £6, making a total of £16 per head. The insurance is 15 guineas per cent. With regard to the fodder, it consists of half a ton for each animal for a voyage of 60 days, ^ and 8 gallons of water per day per bullock. Mr. ??- fielph says that the beasts suffer a little from sea sickness. The food used consists of compressed corn, bran, and' lucerne hay, with sugar fodder made of treacle and bran nsed in a compressed state in blocks, the same as tho oilcake in the old country Mr. Eelph's experience dates baok to «; ,i! Atlantic live moat trade, and ho says that he has paid as much aa £16 per head in New iu°the fpeKhire?0 ^^ fcbfm B°m° he iS takiDg r Passengbbs Ovbbcabried. — On the arrival ot the 1.40 p.m. train at High- street this afternoon, the ladies in one of the cairiages were in a state of great anxiety. A lady had got out at East Mait land, leaving two very young children in the car riage, and the train had moved off before she re turned. One of the passengers appealed to the station master aa to what she should do, and Mr. Callcott very kindly took charge of the little ones— a baby in arms and a little girl between two and three years old. He then telephoned to East Mait land to inquire if the mother was there, expeoting her to bo distracted at the loss, and the cool reply came to send them back by the next train. The little passengers were taken care o£ by Mr. Callcott's family until that course could be adopted, and the little ones plaaed in charge of the guard to return them. Accident. — Whilst some lads were playin? about the pavilion on the Albion Ground this afternoon, a little fellow named Hamilton, whose father is employed at Wolfe, Prentice, and Co.'a, struck his head against a rail and inflicted a nasty gash on tho forehead. Australian M. P. Society and Borrowers. — We are informed (says the Htrald) that the directors of the Australian Mutual Provident Society have again considered the question of the rate of interest charged to members who borrow on the security of their policies, and it has been decided to still further liberalise the cond'tionB under which such loans cjn be obtained.^ For many years it was the practice of the society to charge a uniform rate of 7 per cent, on a'l policy loans, whether the amount required was £5 or £5000. Recently, however, an alteration was made under which borrowers of an amount of £200 or over, for a fixed term of not less than two years should be charged only 6 per cent., provided they did not borrow more than 75 per cent, of the sur render value of the policy, instead of 90 per cent., which was the limit available in termB of the bylaws. It is now, however, determined by the directors to advance to the full extent of 90 per cent., if required, in all cases and to charge the ieduced rate of 6 per eent. to all borrowers of not less than £100, who take the money for a fixed term of at least one year, interest being charged quarterly. This regulation will come into force on tbe next quarter day, viz., 1st July. Not a Bad Push. — Now that Lord Hopetoun has gone tne Victorians are gathering up anecdotes. Here ia one of them:— At a certain up-country ccicket match, in which Lord Hopetoun was pfaying, a young man who had come a long way to see the e&cae;, and who had never seen his Excellency, got chatting during tbe afternoon with another young man. 'By the way, the Government House crowd seem rather a decent lot,' he said, 'not half a bad push ; quite different from what you'd expect.' 'Yea,' said the other, ' I believe they'are rather a decent push ; I've met them a little, and found them not half bad.' They parted soon afterwards, and the young man who had come a long way met a friend of his. ' Bather adecentpush the Government House crowd,' he said, 'I was. just sayipg the same thing to that chap over there, and he taid he knew them a bit and found them all right.' 'Which chau ?' asked bis friend. ' Tne thin, clean-shaven cove.' ' Why, that's the Governor, man !'' The young man who had come a long way show d s'gns of emphatic collapse, but, quickly pulling himself together, he marched straight up to the Earl and apologised profusely, 'My dear sir, don't mention it,' was the ready reply, 'I'm not the Governor here, we're all cricketers.' 