SUN DAYS E RV ICES. , . CIIUIST CIIURUII. ' ' : The Rev ' W. G. Marsh preached on Sunday morning from St John XIV. chapter, 27th vorso-r-" Peace I leave with you. My pence I give unto you. Not us the world giveth give I, unto you." - Our. blessed Master, when ho left' cue world, naumoiiner goici nor Sliver iu leave His poor disciples, but Ho left tliein that which was far hotter— His peace. Wo all want peace, and seek it, in different 4viiys. But' tliat iviia only the true,, lnating peace that God gave through Jesus Cln-ist. Tho angels sang of ponce whim Hu 'came, and II o bequeathed pence when He left the world. -The pence of God was per-- feet, abiding, keeping pence.. Tho pence of, tho world; was; transitory. Wo cannot expect tu be without care. A careless man becomes 'thought-, less, nhd this brought sorrow and sin. . But. wo. are taiiglit in Holy Scriptures not to bo, filled with ciiru,' but to cast it upon Him, who caretli' for us.! Wo eaunot escape without .burdens, ..but . these, ioo, we can leave with Him, who has pro-' miscd to boar them with us and for us. We may. not liuj without anxiety concoriiing the fulnro,. yet we" eiiu trust Ilim, who has promised that He - -will never leave us nor forsake .us. Our sins past may cotno up iu judgment and com demn us, but wo need not. dwell upon theso thoughts, wheu wo roaliso by faith tliat he has borne our sins for us, and that forgiven sin is buried in (lie depths of tho sen. Death may linve its terrors, but we need not- fear to trend tho Valley and pass through the shadow, when wo ; Know He will be with us. Thus, in all con ditions of life, we have pence, ILis peace, a gift freely givon: by the Holy Ghost. May we all lmyo this peace, and do -our utmost to spread tho Gospol of Peace to every creature, ; : I'RBSBYTBIIIAN CllUltCII. - The Rov„ Hume Robertson preached on Suuj day morning from the text— " If I depart I will send him unto you."— John, 16th chapter, 7tli verso. The sorrow of the disciples was apparent to Jesus ; He knew liow they would feel Hisi death, and He strove to break- the blow by tell ing. them that it. was expedient for Him to go away, and ;by the promise of the -other Com-' forter, whom Ho would send, ovon the Holy Spirit. We believe in ttio Holy Ghost as tho third person of the Trinity, as tho One who ac complishes our conversion aiid secures our sanotilicntion.;. NVo know that all holy desires aud impulses come from tho gracious influenco of tho Holy Spirit. There are certain charitable' and sympathetic feelings leading men to like deeds, but.such often ariso only from tho natural sympathy of men. It is when such impulses to lie' good and do good have at their foundation the love of God that tliey are prompted by the Holy Spirit. .All good for our souls comos only through His blessed personage. How much, then, should we not pray our Heavenly Father that ho should boituw upon us this priceless gift in rich abundance, the gift of tiie Holy .Ghost. . Christ has promised that our prayer" shall be answered. "For if yo being evil know- how to give good gifts unto you children how- much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit Lo tliein that ask Him PRIMITIVE METHODIST CllUltCII. . The'; Rev F. C. Vian preached on Sunday evening 011 "Trial by Firo." — Dan. III. He briefly described the Babylon of Daniel's time, and the. Ambition of , its king, Nebuchadnezzar, tho erection of the golden gocl in Dura, and the universal homage tendered it. The substanco of tho subject, howevor, consisted in the loyalty, of tho' ' thTcu' Hobrews ' who had' been promoted in Babylon, to the' pure worship of Jehovah. The chief 'points', iti thoir temptation, each of which considerably increased the crucial charac ter of the test to -which they submitted. The various reasons why they were so well prepared to meet the' "emergency' wore' further given, and these commanded- as being, important factors in everyday life.- Sbadraah, .Meshcch, and Abed - neg'o ' stood up for principle, trusting to the; God of. tlmir fathers to' delivor. them. Wo all1 sdihiro' heroism,' suoh as these young men dis played,' and Martin Luther exhibited when be fore the Diot of Worms, declaring, at tho risk of oveu life itself; that what he had written he would nob. retract. A cablegram had recently stated that M. Pasteur,, tho eminent. French savant; had refused the Prussian Order of Merit offered him by the:Emporor William in recogiii-- tion of his valuable discoveries. R1. Pasteur, by his act, 1 demonstrated the loyalty of. the French to thoir nation, for it was within tho recollection of many present that France some years since engaged in war with Prussia, being badly ' beaten. Faith in God and a pure con science wore indispensable. Great trials would, indue time, come to every man. These wore God's touts, and Ho who ordained them will, if we are faithful, stand by us' in the fire, which,; rather than destroy, will serve to release from; the bonds of temptation by 'which His people; foiled. During tho eveuing the choir rendered "Am I a soldier?" aud other selections, being accom panied with organ, cornet and violin in concert ; 