SEWING BAG CARPETS . It was a small unpainted house, stained an indescribable hue by the suns and rays of half a century, a row of stiff, Lombardy poplars in front, and beneath the windows, in a narrow bed outlined by strips of board blossomed four-o'clock, youth and-old -age, and gaudy African marigolds which seemed to hold up their orange torches with a dis- tinctly defiant air. Green paper shades veiled the window, and a knocker, with an eagle's head, hung in the upper centre of the door. Every one has seen such houses along the country roads where the Queen Anne craze had not yet penetrated and orchids and Japanese foliage plants are yet unknown. Miss Fosett and her niece, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room sewing rugs for a carpet. A bright wood fire crackled and snapped in the air-tight stove, for, although the sun shone bright on the marigolds and four-o 'clocks, there was a keen wind blowing, and the dead leaves were carried in all direc- tions. The cat was asleep among the balls of rags which made a parti-colored mountain in one corner of the room, and the wooden clock ticked shrilly on tho shelf alongside of a case of dried butterflies and a plaster of paris parrot with a broken beak. Miss Fosett was elderly and spare, with a false front which did not in the least match her black hair, and spectacles. Mary Ann was slight and gracefully rounded, with dark, solemn eyes, and lips redder than wild rasp- berries. To Miss Fosset everything in tbe world waa subsidiary, just at present, to the finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Ann there was nothing in all the world which was actually impossible. There is just this difference be- tween sixty and sixteen. ' I was a-calculatin', Miss Fossett droned on, ' to get this one carpet wove before snow-fall, but 1 guess it'll be a close shave now. I didn't know if I could get my front chamber carpeted, but the school ma'am might come here to board ; and twelve shil- lings a week is twelve shillings a week in these times." '* Yes, 1 know, aunty,' said Mary Ann 'and why shouldn't she come? We shall have the carpet ready for tbe loom, and in the meantime why shouldn't she be sair.DcOl with a rug or two laid down by the bed and in front of the bureau. ' Haven't you heard ?' said Miss Fossett, stooping to regain her spool of thread. ' The school-ma'am's going to be married, and the new teacher, Eliab Ray, he boards to hum. I don't believe he'll get along any better than Miss Marston did, if he is a man teacher.' Mary Ann's eyes lighted np. ' To be married ?' said Mary Ann. ' Yes,' nodded Miss Fossett. ' Who is she going to marry, Aunt Fos- set?'? ' Our next neighbor,' answered Miss Fos- sett, grimly. ' Mr.'Fairweather ?' 'Yes, Mr. Fairweather. It beats all' Miss Fossett added ; ' to think you shouldn't a heerd it afore now. Why, she's going to hev a dove-colored silk dress from Bridge- port, and a store hat, trimmed with stuffed birds ' and a real brochay shawl. Must have laid up a sight o' money, I should sup pose.' Mary Ann was silent. It was a question whether or not she heard tbe stream ol idle chatter that flowed uninterruptedly from her aunt's lips. For herself she sewed away and uttered never a word. John. Fairweather to be married to Alda Marston. The news had fallen like a thunderbolt into the peaceful serenity of her heart. In novels she had read, many a time and oft, of the duplicity of man, but the fact had never come so near home before. : The two women sewed diligently at the carpet rags until dusk. Mies Fossett had no idea that any one could desire rest from so delightful an occupation, and Mary Ann scarcely knew what she was doing. A sort of stupor seemed to numb her senses. ' Guess we'd better stop a spell now,'' said the old lady. ' Jest you run out to the well and fill the tea-kettle, and I'll set out the apple-sass and doughnuts and riz biscuits.' We won't hev no regular meal, being there's such a hurry with the rags.' Mary Ann stuck her needle into one of the red flannel leaves of the housewife, which was fashioned like a miniature book; dropped her thimble into her pocket and van- ished. She did not go straight to the well, though She stole up tbe winding wooden stairway first into her own room, where the yellow glow of tbe sunset yet lingered, aud took two or three dried ronebuda and a sprig of scented geranium from a little box in tbe corner of tha table drawer. Looking at them for a mo- ment, she opened the window and flung them ont into the grass below. " I have been a fool long enough,' said she to -herself. Then she went forth to the well and filled the tea kettle,listening yaguely ae ghe did so to the melancholy 'cheep, cheep' of the crick- ets in the stone wall. ' Mary Ann I*' a voice uttered? Mary Ann started so violently that she nearly dropped the tea kettle. It was Miss Marston who had come unex- pectedly up the path, with a bunch of colored maple leaves in her hands. '* Oh, Miss Aida, how you startled me! ' Took me for a ghost, eh?' said Aida Marston, laughing. ' But I wanted to see 'you, Mary Ann. Goodness me!' intently scrutinizing her face by the last fading gleams of daylight, 'how pretty tbe child is growing! I don't blame John for being bewitched about her.' ' Did you want anything,' said Mary Ann, bridling up. ' I. want you, child,' said Alda Marston, in the pretty, domineering manner which, being some time a ' school-ma'am,' she had naturally acquired. ' Can you help me with my sewing a little this week ?' 'I am afraid I cannot,' eaid Mary Ann with her face turned away. ''Oh, Mary Ann— and I had counted on you for a certainty' "I cannot!' frigidly repeated the girl, c Miss Marston stood silent a minute. or two. | Then she said, coaxingly, — 'But you haven't congratulated me yet. Mary Ann.' Mary Ann withdrew herself spasmodically from the light touch on her hand. ' I'm sure I hope you will be very happy said she. "No I don't, either— I don't hope anything of that kind" Then she fled away sobbing and holding tight to the tea kettle whq^e ^oat dropped all the way, in a most fashion. The kerosene lamp was lighted when she - reached the room where the balls of rags were piled up. John Fairweather him- self was leaning against the wooden mantels with his elbow in dangerous proximity to the case of dried butterflies but her aunt was nowhere to be seen. 'She has gone upstairs, the young man explained, in answer io^A^^; Ann'^ towild ?^red iiiok, '« to gefc a'bag^of 'bops fbr old. Mrs.;. I^ubbard^B 'neuralgia.- At-e^oo illj Mary Kim? . iYbuloOk 30,white,and weary.' , ; ?'? ?' ? !With; getatle- Buthorifcy. he took the' 1 tse jkeifie from -hoc handi and set it , on the stove, Mary Ann . helplesBly r^arding , him tho *whil6.': 1 ' ' ' ' - 't ' l ' j ' How tall and straight and handsome lie Cffaj i ; ? How pleas ^it slione-the light from bin . KCnial - haBel ,ey.es[l. . How^ dearly^ Ehp hii J . learned iolove him 1 Now it must all he uti- . abrie Again. 1 Was it hot wicked to alio w ,, beesclf 'to think of him who belonged 'to A1-!g ; Tilsctstoa, much le^s.to look Admirirgly into his facc. With these thoughts. in her uiiird, it was no wonder that her eipree8io.il aT^VJ frigid as an icicle. 1 She paid no heed .to Lis;, question.' i ' Misa Marston is out iby the well ; you will £nd her there,' ebe a»i J. ' 'Miss Marston, cli ?' ea;d weal her, with pro VokiDg equanimity. * That rcuiind-i ?me^you haVeii't told me what you tnmk ut oue family.. arrangements. Woio you i?ur ptisoii?' Mary Aun looked st Jbiin iin amazement, ~ almost in anger. ?? Of course I was surprised,' 'said she, 'But, '.gathering all her jpresence of luiiid.^ «I douH know why— it is no buemesfl of minn.' ? ' - I ' Unt il is though,', said he. ; 'It 'has only driven me, a little sooner than, otherwise an ticipated, to ask you to listen , to. my suit, j Miss Alda' tunet not imagine that she is | the only' pereoh in thia world who can ges j married.' ] Mary Ann drew herself np. ' j ' Mr. Fairweather,' said she, ' t n-ust beg ? yon to remember yourself. We are not Mor- ' mons here. Neither -are yon any relation to Dlucbtard. In this country a man can have , but one. wile.' ' j Mr. Fairweather looked puzzled. ' ' An indisputable fact,' said he. ' But 1 ' know of 110 one who is contradicting it.' 1 ' How dare you insult me by such words ?' ? cried poor Mary Ann. .. 'You who are ei-- 1 ga;»c-l to Mies Marston I' j ' ]-ut 1 am not engaged to Mise Mar- | eton.' j ' SJt. Fairweather 1' j ' 1 an i tjot indeed,' he eaid. ' D^ar little Mary Ann, do not look at me with euoh in credulous eyes 1 Mis* Alda Matreton is affi anced to my father. She. is to be my etep- - mother, next month ; and as I would natu rally, under the existing circumstances, prefer a borne of my own, I want you to be its house-hold angel.' Not auother word was spoken. Ma-y Ann's soft eyes, brimming oyer. with glad tears, were : lifted to John's face. She stole towards him : and hid ber crimson cheek against bis ; shoulder ; his arm _ tightened itself, in the most natural manner in the world. Bround . her waist. j When Miss Fossett came down stairs with ' tTie tag ol bops, tbe two were busily engac--d in picking up the balls of carpet-rag*3 ftLish had rolled away in every direction. | ' It was the cat, aunty, ' explained Mary j Aun, ' Sbe was asleep in the very middle of ' ihe balls, aud when ehe got up and stretched herself — ' ** Oats 8 re s dreadful bother when there's work around,' eaid Misa Fossttt, After John Fairweather had gone home with his step-mother- elect (Mary Ann wasn't the least bit in the world jealous of Mi's Alda Marston now), the girl crept out in the dew aud starlight to pick up the dried rose buds and the scented geranium-leaves. | ' Oh, what a fool I was 1' she whispered ; softly to herself ; 'and how happy 1 am at ? last !' She helped Miss Maretca with her dresses, after all : and when the rag-carpet was sewn and woven in rainbow stripes, it occupied tb«? place of honor on Mrs. John Fairweather f dainty little kitchen floor. ' Isn't it pretty, John V' she cried. ' Tbo prettiest thing I ever saw in my life,' Baid John, . looking straight into his wife's fsce. Mrs. Fairweather laughed and bluehcd.and. eaid.— ; ' Now, John, don't be a goose !' Probably the most respectable member c« the Frtncu presidential household is Maae Grevy. In bygone ages she ie asserted to hav^ filled the position eithei of laundress, i housekeeper, or cook — or, perhaps, all three oombioed — in M. Girevy'a bachelor household- | In a moment of pardonable weakness,, in as much as ebe was the mother1 of his only daughter, Muie. Alice Wilson, be married her ; but not fiudiug her presence as a wife as congenial ' as that of a favorite menial, he in s-^t-ed that she should live apart from him. Wbeo, in 1871, he was elected PrfBident of the National Assembly, hardly any one was aware of his marriage, and bis friend* were only apprised thereof when, having chsf fiogly urged that the French nation would never stand * baobelor president, he replied, somewhat plaintively : ' Bat I am married I * Mme. Grevy was quickly summoned from her retirement in the provinces, and apart from her saying the wrong thing in the wrong place! w, on the whole, a good-natured, re spectable old !soul,^ though somewhat mean and stingy in money matters. - One of her peculiarities is that she is bo utterably unable to cope with long names and titles. The Dachess of Fernan-Nunez, one of the prond est arat J-:s dames of Europe, was Spanish Ambassadress a, few years .^o at Paris. I» was absolutely impoBsible, to' get Mme. la Pre^iiknte to address her correatly in conver sation. lisfusing to call her (either 'duchess ' or ' ambassadress,' she insinted on speaking to her part of the time as Mm--, Femait, and the remainder ot the time as Mui-3. Nunez. from ail olfactory point of view, ltseems. agre-?:iiV!e aliment may be divided in1-i nvo classes — Lltose which arc most fragrant vx tenially. auil those which develop sii|».jrit-r odors after they are crushed by the teeth or tongue,. Strawberries, apples, peaches, have a more refined and flower-like fragrance be fore they are put. in the mouth than after. Cheqses. on the, other hand, are not generally 'regarded as fragrant until tbey are hieing eaten. The' :odir 'of (iiiniliiiger is itiyip 1)or-t^bl8 to many, wb'o aft^rtbey have once Icoiitageo.usly smuggled it past the nasal for . .tress, fiiul it very appetizing aud good. 15ut the' most Curious illustration between exo teric and esoteric odors, so to speak, is the tropical fruit called the duridn. Externally it resembles Liinburger in having an inten sely disagreeable odoi;, hut during mastica tion- it yields 'wafts' of flavor tbat call to mind create cheese; wnion sauce, brown sherry, and other incongruities, 'according to Mr. A. K Wallace, who adds that ' the more you eat of it the less you feel inclined to 6 top ; 'in fact,1 to eat diiridns is a rare sensa tion worth a voyage to (he East to experi ence.' The disagreeable external odor Us in this case evidently Neutralized by the fra gianee tbat is set free as the fruit is crushed in the month. / Anyone who .will take-up a book ou.tlie culinary art will be suprisud, in the first place, at the frequent references to the odors of the viands ; in the second place at the! thou ght that in has occurred to no' one heretofore to generalize ahd boldly state that the sense of smell plays the first fiddle inrtbe kitchen and the dining-room. - :. He jr' Miss Elizabetu,. ao you piay cn tbepiaho?'* ' ^ ' 'BHKt 'No.' ' ;// ? He; (enraptured}: 'iElieabetli,- I love -yt»u !' ; T', , ^ i Teacher — ' Who knows of another faith- , ful animal besidts the dog that accompatiicii : man cy£iyfrhere?'J .1 1 jv]' BoK h'iti -! \\*i J(.' Gentleman .(m ar .x^stamnt);..; 'Seef here, sir; whafcare you .doing I Wiping/ my ass With a p6elcist-b'andkerc'hi(?f1 : f Waiter ; ' Beg- pardon, - sir^— it1 Is ! ihv oivn!' . . ^ - !'?* baa bi)uglit;to Jisbt ithe fpc|i thatic^Crekiri frequently 't'orltkjns %lue.* 'But it never «eems to hurt the 'eir!s.; Some-' how its always the young inaa that 