The Gawler Continentals. The Continentals continue to pass Off satisfactorily, and the last of the series will be held this evening. There were from 400 to 600 persons present on Friday evening, and about 400 on Tuesday evening. The contingent of 50 children from tbe State School, nnder the control of Messrs, Donnell and Northey, were aft attraction on rnaay evening, ana sane ' twine wuera xne Waters Roam?'' The Reapers;' and 'The Iodian Warrior's Grave ' with, much credit. Mr. Sam Smith was vigorously encored for his comic songs, 'The Nigger's Daddy' and ' Macarthy,' and in response gave some sentimental songs, which were even more appreciated. He was doubly encored on his second appearance. The united bands played even better than on previous occasions, and Mr. Leicester and his lantern were in splendid form. Several. hundreds erowded into the building to see the views, and were rhuoh pleased with theiij. They included slides of Adelaide kindly lent by fflr. J. Gazard, views of Honolulu, Hawaii, and America by Mr. A. W. Dobbie, also mis cellaneous, statuary, and comic pictures. The screen was raised so that a better sight of the views could be obtained, and the subjects were announced by His Worship tbe Mayor. On Tuesday evening the special feature was the 'weird wonders' of Professor and Queenie Silvester. Amongsc their fascinating and wonderful performances were the Davenport Brothers1 cabinet seance, Mrs. Mellon'a seance, materialisation of certain characters, and a general upsetting of tbe theory of spooks, ghosts. Sec, &c;, The performers exhibited much skiltulness, and were liberally applauded. The nnited bands were again at their posts and gave some capital expositions of their proficiency. TO-NIGHT. To-night there will be a specially at traotive programme. The Gawler Mounted Infantry will be again to the fore with the exercises which proved bo popular last week, there will be plenty of singing and Instru mental music, and the cyclists will again be in evidence in a procession which is ex pected will be the best that has yet been produced in Gawler, 