\- ; points. Tatteiwall's MrrEorotiTAN Stairs Con« sulfation. — - , 1 First Horse ...« .« .. £5,000 Second Horse .. 1,600 Tlitrd Horse .. .. .. 1,000 And 245 Extra" Cash Prizes. -Apply early. ' - wilhe drawn this week. A 0ood chance! To secure tho belt position ' in Quoon street for husiiicss. Shop to lot in Telegraph Chambers, next corridor entranced Apply early to Business Manager. ' " Beyond oomfarison." Tho Telegraph has more than double the circulation of any ether daily paper in Brisbane, thcroforo advertisers get more than double the vnluo by advertising in it in preference to other daily papers. Try the cheap prepaid advertising columns. See special advertisement. 1C words, ene insertion, for SIXPENCE, ltt words, three insertions, ONE SHILLING. Me. Wracioe holds out to tho drought stricken west some promise of posssiblo thunder storms. , Alp things are possiblo. It is possible it may rain ovon in Brisbane. The record time by tho North British Rail way between Milngavio and Glasgow was broken to pieeos recently. Tin: distance is 91, miles and it was accom plished iu the marvellous time of 1 hour 45 minutes. » Tins beats tho Sandgnto 1.30 train hollow." But tho fun of it nil was that tlioro wus a good omnibus servico nlougsido if tile peoplo had only known. A mystery is being solved at Chicago. The skin pf Ashbury Lucas, u negro, is turning white. People are wondering now if ho got black in tho same way. II- H. Champion , orating at a womanhood suffrage meeting down Melbourne way the othor night asked : " Do you moan to toll mo that tho working classes of Victoria are intelli gent':1" " Wbpp, it looks Iiko it," cried somobody noar the door, " tboy refusal to elect you ufc Albert Park." ' ZiLLgEiin people are clamouring for better attention at the hands of tho Railway Dopart- mont. , It is not truo that tho Tramwny Company ore to bo proscoutod for using " carboys." An . ambitious titlo. — Tho National Cricket Union of Queensland. Who are the Rookhnmpton, Townsvillc, and Charters Towers delogutcs to this national organisation? Notwithstandino the dcclino in revenue and the much-talkcd-of depression, tho annual drink bill of Victoria, wlnoh is about 415,000,000, shows a very slight decrease on previous years. Even an actor who has been a riding, would, in the last century, wear top boots. A leading autor fit tho Royul omitted thora last night. Any, balloon sloovos correct adjuncts to tho . reproduced costtimo of a lady of tho last ccutuiy. Vido last night's representation' of "Garriok." Tne "constitution" of tho Queensland Crioket Association is out of joint. Wjiipe all Borts of enroful rulos have boon framed for altering "rules," not tho slightest, provision is made for correcting flaws in tin " constitution." The enlightened leather hunters who framed it in the first placo havo succeeded in con stituting an association consisting of presidents, vice-presidents, &a.; But the moBt important man of tho wholo gang has been overlooked, and at tho present time the hon. treasurer moves along like au outlawed planet with au orbit.ull to liimself. ' ' He has no voice in the doings of tho associuu tion, and has foraootli to be elevated to thw dignity of a vioe-prosidont in order to got tho right of admission to the councils thereof. The Rev. J. F. M'Swaino. tho new president of tlio Presbyterian Federal Assembly, delivorcd his inaugural addrcsB at Sydney on Friday. He warned his brethren against tho "new 'theology," which ho said was ' no theology." Loon Kintoen, having had a peop behind tho scenes as Governor of South Australia, is full of advice for tho British fanner. His lordship evidently does not like the Aus tralian bonus system, and ho suggests that the British fanner should domaud fair competition. He believes that, so far ns the farming in terests are concerned, Great Britain is pushing freetrade too far — to oxtremcs in fact. In the olden days, when one Roman lady visited another Roman lndy, tho modern eup of tea lmd its representative iu the cup of wine. But then ladies did not drink the wino as they now drink tea. They simply sipped, tasted, and spat it out. Later, iu tlic-middle ages, not in Roino this time, lndy visitors were regaled on porridga and honey. The death of M. Stun wing is said to have been a matter of necessity, la order to save the reputations of his own eeRwgucs, who would have been implicated by gaaag ovidonce at his trial. This cupboards of these Bulgarian politician! must hold ghosts, terrible aud ghastly. Amono tho subscribers to tho Etheridga District Hospital there uppcar in tho list the names of three Cliinoso with their guiueas, , besides othor contributions from Chinese. This is how the Miuidie Miner speaks of tho , ' Salvation Army operations at Georgetown : ' "Bellowing in basso-profundo, rasping in sawiilo- falsetto, and squeaking in little pigo." . A suskhan thus farewells Queensland through the kind ugenoy of a northern news paper : — Queensland, thou art a land of pests, For flies and fleus one never rests ; E'en now mosquitoes round mo revol ; : In faot they are the very devil, &o.; It is said a single tobacco plant will produce 360,000 seeds. Here's an item for the consideration o . . Quecnslanders : — MionoscoriBTS say that a mosquito is blessed' with 22 teeth. No wonder they bite. The " professor" iu one of hi sermons to iie "autocrat of the breakfast table" made use I affile fine rich expression "the hydrostafio paradox of controversy." Which possesses a good deal of meaning, as anyone wil: see who analyses it. The paradox received an illustration in the Honse on Friday evening when the junior raomber -for the Valley calmly proceeded to ad just tho levels in a controversy botween himself aud the Minister for Education. " Although, " said tho other honest John, "tholast speaker is wcel up in larnin,' he's got to give in ho ain't much shuoks as a sailor." You see whore the ono was deficient, tho othor was strong, and so tho hydrostatic prineiplo ' of lovelling operated and the gams proceeded. ' 