Social Misery and Their Remedy. General Booth completed his course of public addresses in Brisbane on Tues-<*> day, when he spoke on the subject of "Social Miseries and their Remedy" at a public meeting held In the Opera House. The Hon. H. Tozer, Colonial Secretary, presided. General Booth, who was greeted with a perfect ovation and frantic cheering and waving of handkerchiefs, said that the subject of social miseries and their remedies was a very large one, and his audience a very diverse one, irhilst the topic was associated very closely with the Salvation Army itself. He had often wished that he could come •tefore his audiences when talking of Army matters simply as a stranger, and dissociate himself from it. Tet he was a Salvationist from top to toe/and every hair of his head and every drop of the blood in his veins belonged to the Salvation Army. He believed in his own people and in his own concerns, and was proud of them ; and although he knew that they fell far short in many things, he thought that they were the ■very best sort that God Almighty had on this earth. The social miseries of which he was going to speak belonged to what was looked on as the lower strata of humanity. This class might be distinguished by their utter helpless ness and hopelessness. A great many people who had given attention to the matter of social miseries objected to his remedies on the grounds Shat they served only to postpone the Inevitable great social revolution. He was proud to claim that his principles were not only ameliorative, but socially revolutionary. Pour or five years ago he had gone tlutslde Salvation Army work to look for sorrow, destitution, and misery, and he had found them in abund fi 1 cc" ?,? lo?£? at these evlls *n<? gave them a threefold classification : The wild lashing sea of destitution, the miry morass of vice, and the outlaw* of society—criminals. If he wished to do more than cause a momentary ripple ef their minds and displace the business cares of Hfe he /must lead them with him, vid show them these things. He must take them to look over the edge of the ■SmX?* s? e the mlBery U?at existed. In addition to those who were in the pit there was a crowd all around the edge of the abyss whom a little shaking, a pro longed strike or drought, a failure of an employer, or sickness would destroy He said to himself, Was there no way to help and avert this ? When he came to South Africa he said to his officers, "Go and make personal Investigations and see if here there are any of these vices. His officers came back saying they were all there. At Melbourne he told them to go and see if there were any slums, and they came back and told him that they had seen sights that almost beggared the scenes that they had Just left. In America the slums of New York, Philadelphia, and many other cities were reeking with vice, and there was in that country a regular army of no fewer than 100,000 tramps. Unless effectual methods were taken they would have a mighty harvest to reap In the future. Stories had been told him of drunkenness among shearers and people in the back blocks, and incidents in the lives of drunkards even within this city had been related to him that would make even angols weep. He would pass on to a class who?e name was seldom men tioned from the pulpit and platform with any degree of pity—poor lost women and girls who had fallen. People now said that he must not smooth the pathway down to shame by ministering to the comfort of these poor creatures. God forbid ; he would that the pathway were rougher, but what he desired was to make the pathway leading away from it smoother. All he asked for poor men and women who had fallen In life was that they should be helped on to their feet, a thing which a crowd would do even to a fallen cab-horse. It was pretty well known that they had the largest refuge home In the world, and that something like 21,000 girls had been taken off the streets, and nearly 3000 were being rescued in England every year. It must not be supposed that all their work in this direction was confined to Great Britain, for they had a larger number of such institutions out side that dominion. He was now going to mention a class in which he was told he would find some of~his own people shaky. If he found it so, he would shake them. He proceeded to narrate the career of a man who, once having been Imprisoned, endeavoured to fight his way up in the world unsuccessfully, and being driven to further crime, had be come a professional burglar. This man, after serving a sentence of twenty years' penal servitude, had been reclaimed by the Army, and had made the very pair of boots worn by himself that night. He could give them many Instances, but he had not come to ask for their sym pathy for the submerged classes in Great Britain, but rather for their own sub merged classes. There was a good deal of talk nowadays of brotherhood, which was.mostly hollow cant and hardly skin deep. If a flock of sheep fell down a pit In the neighbourhood of Brisbane, would not the people come to assist them out, with their broken and maimed limbs, since they could not get out themselves ? Why should it not be so for their fellow creatures ? Sometimes he was puzzled by the Christianity he saw on his travels. There were times coming on this world that unles? God or man interfered were terrible to contemplate. Not that these poor wretches of the submerged class were able to pull down the pillars of society ; but there were other interests at wnrV. and when the nillarn did fall, then would eqme the terrible tide of these poor creatures. The ever-increasing crowds of the submerged classes must be dealt with, and society must grapple with the question. No class of society was more intimately associated with" the others than the bottom class ; for every movement given to them would be felt by the others. Were these poor wretches to go on living and haunting our con sciences with skeleton forjms and all the adjuncts of poverty and misery for ever? Now was the time for the nation to rise up and do something. If they wanted to help these poor people they must relieve their immediate wants. That very day the Army had fed 30,000 hungry people up and down the world, and they did not demoralise by indiscriminate charity, as all receiving relief had to work. There was a shelter in Blackfriars-road which could contain 1000 men a night. He then proceeded to illustrate and de scribe the accommodation in the Salva tion Army shelters. They must inspire these poor creatures with hope. These people were divided into two classes— those who had gone down through mis fortune, and those who had gone down through misconduct. The latter were not the only wrong-doers in the world, they should remember ; for there were some vices by which men climb to fame, and such men were more execrable in the sight of God than thoee of the lowest of the submerged classes. If a man or woman were to plead for another chance, no matter how criminal, or how debased they were, it was their duty to help them, and was a plain indication that God desired them to be helped, and he would ever do it. (Applause). With re gard to the criminal class, the work de pended more upon the workers than on the machinery employed, and the Salva tion Army had found that over '60 per cent of those who had come under their care were reformed, and were now earn ing honest livings. They found that 75 per cent of the fallen women who came under their care were induced to follow the paths of virtue. It was their inten tion in the future to ask for legislative assistance in the direction of preventing men from falling into crime. It was necessary to find a comfortable and honourable class of work for these people to do. The cry that there were too many men was fallacious. When he was in Africa he found them crying out for people. His scheme was to take these people ana put them on the land. He had an estate at the mouth of the Thames of which he was very proud. Four years ago he found a quantity of waste land there. He then went to Lon don, where h? found a large number of waste men as well as large quantities of waste money and waste manure. (Laughter.) He then mixed ail these up together—{laughter)—and the result was a very prosperous farm. This farm or industrial settlement he wished to make the nursing-place for the oversea colon ists. He had no doubt that in the course of three years they would be able to make their farm support over 1000 men, and pay 3% per cent on the capital expended. With regard to oversea colonists, he must reply that at present he did not know what country he would select. He had looked all over the world, and he thought that he would go back to his old love — Africa, though he had not finally decided. He believed that wherever that colony was planted that a State would be created out of a people that as yet were not, and out of the love of God and by the help of the Holy Ghost. They had given him £112,000, and he had gone to work and pushed the scheme along ; but the public had forgotten him, and had gone after something else. People said, " Where is the oversea colony ?" Well, he went on with his scheme until he had spent £60,000 more than he had received. He concluded by earnestly emphasising the necessity of attending to the social work In these colonies, and resumed his seat amidst loud cheers. Mr. P. Pinnock, P.M., proposed, and Alderman J. A. Clark seconded, a vote of thanks to General Booth for his ad dress, which was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to Mr. Toser for pre siding terminated the meeting. Persons who cannot restrain a shudder when they look from a height to the earth below will appreciate the expe rience of Clough, the English poet. He was once conducted to the edge of a precipice in Wales by a friend, and the effect on his nerves was so violent that he fell back on the grass ghastly pale and ill, like a man at the point of death. The " British Weekly" says that stamp collectors are promised two new and curious specimens. A post-card has been issued in Italy commemorating the twenty-fifth anniversary of the entrance of the Italian forces Into Rome, and also a Roman Catholic postage stamp, bearing a portrait of the Pope. This stamp is intended to be stuck on the back of all letters, 4c, sent by the faithful during the September festival. Major-General Hutton, who has just returned to Sydney from a tour in West ern New South Wales, told a representa tive of the " Herald" that the rain informed our representative that the rain fall at the commencement of the month in the Cobar district, and immediately west, had completely broken up the drought. Unfortunately, however, little or no rain had fallen in the country on the right and left bank of the Darling, where great fears were entertained with regard to stock during the ensuing sum mer. The General speaks enthusiasti cally of the future of the Western district of the colony, or that portion over which he passed. It reminded him, he said, of the delta of the Nile district of Egypt. The necessities of increasing population would, doubtless, bring about an ex tended system of Irrigation, which would some day cause the present almost track less and almost uninhabited district In the West to become really wealthy from an agricultural point of view. Through out the whole portion of his trip the General declared that, with the exception of a few rocky ridges, the whole country was composed of red alluvial deposits, which only required water and a proper system of Irrigation to produce the richest cror" ■*-- ■ - 