JELLAND'S VOYAGE A COMPLETE STORY. By A. CONAN DOYLE. "Well," said our Anglo-Jap, as we all drew up our chairs- round- the smoking- room fire, "it's an old tale out yonder, and may have split over into print for all I know. I don't want to turn, this clubroom into a chesnut stall, but it is a long way to the Yellow Sea, and it is just as likely that none of yon have ever heard of the yawl Matilda and of what hap pened to Henry Jelland and "Willy McEvoy aboard of her. ."The middle of the sixties was a stirring time out in Japan. That was just after the Simonosaki bombardinent and before the Daimio affaiiv There was a Tory party and there was a Liberal party among the natives, and the question that they were wrestling Over was whether the throats of the foreigners should be cut or' not. I tell you all politics have been'tame to me since then. If you lived in a treaty port you Were bound to wake up and take an interest in them. And to make it better the outsider had no \vay of knowing how tho game was going. If the Opposition won it would not be a newspaper paragraph that would tell him of it, but a good old Tory in a suit of chain mail, with a sword in each hand, would drop in and let him know all about it in a single upper cut. "Of course it makes men reckless when they are living on the edge of a volcano like -thafc-Justatfirst .they-are very jumpy and then, there comes a time when they learn'to enjoy life whilethey-have it. I tell you there's nothingc makes life tsor. beautiful as when the shadow of death begins to fall across it. Time is too precious to be dawdled away then and a man.li.yes every minute of it. That was the way with us in Yokohama. There were many European places of business which had to go on running and the men who worked them made the place lively for seven nights in the week. "One of the heads of the European colony was Randolph Moore, the big export mer chant. His offices were in Yokohama, but he spent a good deal of his own time at his house up in Jeddo, which had only just been opened to the trade. In his absence he used to leave his affairs in the hands of his head clerk, Jel land, whom he know to he a man of great energy and resolution. But energy and reso lution are two-edged things, you know, and when they are used against you you don't ap preciate them so muoh. . "It-was gambling that set Jelland wrong. He was a little dark-eyed fellow .with black curly , hair—more than three-quarters Celt, IJ should imagine. Every night m the week you would see him in the Same place, on the left hand side of the croupier atMatheson's rouge et-noir table. Eor a long time he won and lived in better Btvle-than his employer. And then came a turn of luck and he began to lose, so that at the end of a single week his partner and lie were stone broke, without a dollar to their names. , "This partner was a cleric in the employ of the same firm—a tall, sttaw-haired young Englishman called McEvoy. He was a good boy enough at the start, but he was clay in the hands of Jelland, who fashioned him into a kind of weak model of himself.- They were Jelland who led and'McEvoy who followed. Lynch and I- and . one or two others tried to show the youngster that lie Could come to no good along that line, and when we were talk ing vto him we could win him round easily enough, ' hut five -minutes of Jelland would swing him back again. It may have been animal magnetism or what you like, but the little man could pull the big one along like a sixty-foot tug in front of a full-rigged ship. Even When they had- lost all their motley they would still- take their places at the table and look on with shining eyes when anyone else was raking in the'stamps. ■ " But one evening they could keep outpfit no longer. Red had turned up sixteen times runnihgand it wasmore than Jellaiid could hear. Ho whispered , to McEvoy and then said a word to the croupier. _ " 'Certainly, Mr. Jelland; your cheque is as good as notes,'said he. "Jelland scribbled a. cheque and threw it on the black. The card was the king of hearts and the croupier raked in the little bit of paper. Jelland grew angry and McEvoy white. Another and a heavier cheque was written and thrown on the table. The card was the nine of diamonds. McEvoy leaned his head upon his hands and looked as if he would faint.. 'By God!' growled Jelland, ' I won't be beat,' and he threw on a cheque that covered the other two. The card was the deuce of hearts." A few minutes later they were walking down the Bund with the cool night air playing upon their fevered faces. " ' Of course; you know what this means,' said Jelland,, lighting a cheroot; ' we'll have to transfor some of the office money to our current account. There's no occasion to make a fuss over it. OldM°°re won't look over the books beforeEaster. If we have any luck we can easily replace it before then.' " 'But if we have no luclc?' faltered McEvoy. " ' Tut, man, we must take things as they come.' You stick to me and I'll stick to you, and we'll pull through together. You shall sign the cheques to-morrow night, and we shall see if your luck is better than mine.'" "But if anything it was worse. "When the pair-rose from,,the table on the following evening they had spent over £5,000 of their employer's money. But the resolute Jelland was as sanguine as ever.* . '"We have a good nine weeks before us before ,the books will be examined,' said lie; ' We must" play the game out, and it will all come straight.' t • "MeEv'oy returned to his rooms that night in an agony of shame and remorse. When he was with Jelland he borrowed strength from him; but alone he recognised the full danger of his position, and the vision of his old white capped mother in England, who had been so proud when he had received his appointment, rose up.before.bim to fill him with loathing and madness. He was still tossing upon his sleep less couch when his Japanese serVaiit entered the bedroom. For an instant McEvoy thought that the long-expected outbreak had come and plunged for. his revolver. Then, with liis heart in his mouth, he listened to the message which the servant had bought. "Jelland was downstairs and wanted to see him. " What on earth could he want at that hour of the night? McEvoy dressed hurriedly and rushed downstairs. His companion, with a set smile upon his lips, which was belied by the ghastly pallor of his face, was sitting in the dim light of a solitary candle with a slip of paper in his hands.' '"Sorry to knock you up, Willy,' said he. 'No eavesdroppers, I suppose?' "McEvoy shook his head. He could not trust himself to speak. '"Well, then, our little game is played out. This note was waiting for me at home. It is from Moore and says that he will be down on Monday morning for an examination of the books. It leaves us in a tight place.' "'Monday!' gasped McEvoy;. 'to-day is Friday.' __ '•"Saturday, my son, and _3 a.m. We have not much time to turn round in.' " 'We are lost,' screamed McEvoy. " ' We soon- will be, if you make such an infernal row,' said Jelland harshly. 'Now do what I tell you, Willy, and we'll pull through yet.' " 'I will do: any thing—anything.' "'That's better. Where's your whisky? It's a beastly time of the day to have to get your back stiff, but there must he no softness with us, or we are gone. First of all, I think there is something due to our relations, don't you?' " McEvoy stared. '"We must stand or fall together, you know. Now I, for one, don't intend to set my foot inside a felon's dock under any circum stances. D'ye see? I'm ready to swear to that. Are you?' "'What d'you mean?' asked McEvoy, shrinking back. '"' Why, man, we all have to die and it's only the pressing of a trigger. I swear that I shall never be taken alive. Will you ? If you don't I-leave you to your fate.' " 'All right. I'll do whatever you think best.' " 'You swear it?" ."'Yes.' • ." 'Well, mind, you must he as good as your word. Now we have two clear days to get off in. The yawl Matilda is on sale and she has all her fixings and plenty of tinned stuff aboard. We'll buy the lot to-morrow morning and whatever we want and get away in her. But first we'll clear all that is left in the office. There are £5,000 in the safe. After dark we'll get them aboard the yawl and take our chance of reaching California. There's no use hesi tating, my son, for we have no ghost of a look in in any other direction. It's that or nothing.' " ' I'll do what you advise.' "'All right; and mind, you keep a bright face on you to-morrow, for if Moore gets the tip and comes before Monday, then .' He tapped the side-pocket of his coat and looked across at his partner with eyes that were full of a sinister meaning, i " All went well with their plans next day. The Matilda was bought without difficulty; and, though she was a tiny craft for so long a voyage, had she been larger two men could not have hoped to manage her. She was stocked with water during the day, and after dark the two clerks brought down the money from the office and stowed it in the hold. Before mid night they had collected all their own posses sions without exciting suspicion, and at 2 in the morning they left their moorings and stole quietly out from among the shipping. They were seen, of course, and were set down as keen yachtsmen who were on for a good long Sunday cruise; but there was no one who dreamed that that cruise .would only end either on the American coast or.at the bottom of tho North Pacific Ocean. S.training and hauling they got their mainsaii up and set their fore sail and jib.. There was a slight breeze from the south-east, and the little craft went dipping along upon her way. Seven miles from land, however, the -wind fell_ away and they lay becalmed, rising and falling on the long swell of a glassy sea. All Sunday they did not make a mile, and in the evening Yoko hama still lay along the horizon. " On Monday morning down came Randolph Moore from Jeddo and made straight for the office. He had had the tip from someone that his clerks had been spreading themselves a bit and that had made liim come down out of usual routine; but when he reached his place and found the three juniors waiting in the street with their hands in their pockets he knew that the matter Was serious. '"What's this?' he asked. He was a man of action and a nasty chap to deal with when he had his topmasts lowered. "' We can t get in, ' said the clerics. "'Where is Mr. .Mland ? " ' He has not come to-day.' "' And Mr. McEvoy ?' " ' He'has hot come, either.' • "Randolph Moore looked serious. 'We must have the door "down,' said he. ■ ■ "They don't build houses very solid in that land of earthquakes, and in a brace of shakes they were all in the office. Of course the thing told its own story. The safe was open, the money gone, and the clerks fled. Their em ployer lost no time in talk. '" Where were they seen last ?' "' On Saturday they bought the Matilda and Started for a cruise.' •_ "Saturday? The matter seemed hopleless if they had got two days' start. But there was still the shadow of a chance. He rushed to the beach • and swept the ocean with his " 'My God !' he cried; 'There's the Matilda out yonder. I know her by the rake of her mast. I have my hand Upon the villains after all.' "But there was a hitch even then. No boat had steam up and the eager merchant had not patience to wait. Clouds^ were banking up along the haunch of the hills and there was every sign of an approaching change of weather. A police boat was ready-with ten armed men inker and Randolph Moore him self took the tiller as she shot out inpursuit of the becalmed yawl. _ t . "Jelland and McEvoy, waiting Wearily for the breeze which'never; came,''saw the dark speck which sprang'out, from the shadow of the land and grew larger" with every swish of the oars. As she drew nearer they could see also that she was packed with 'men, and the gleam of weapons told what manner of men they were. Jelland stood leaning against the tiller and he looked at the threatening sky, the limp'sails, and the approaching boat. "' It's a case with us, Willy," said he. ' By the Lord, we are two most unlucky devils, for there's wind in that sky and another hour would have brought it to us.' McEvoy groaned. . "'There's no good softening over it, myl lad,' said Jelland. ' It's the police. boat right enough, and there's old Moore driving them to row like the devil; -. It'll be a ten-dollar job for every man of them.' / ; "Willy McEvoy crouched-, against the side with his knees on the deck. ' My mother ! my poor old mother!'. he sobbed. '" She'll never hear that you ha ve been in the dock, anyway,': said Jelland. 'My people never did much for me, but I will , do that much for them. It's no good, Mac. We can chubk up our hands. God bless you, old man. Here's the pistol!' v " He cocked the revolver and held the butt towards the youngster.. But the other shrank away from it With little gasps and-cries. Jelland glanced at the 'approaching boat. It Was not more than a feW hundred yards away. '"There's to time for hohsense,' Said he. 'Damn it! mart, what's.the use of flinching? You swbre it.' " 'No, no, Jelland!' ■ '" Well, anyhow, I sWore that neither of iis should be taken. Will you do it ?' "'lean's! I can't!' " ' Then I will for you.' " The rowers in the boat saw him leati for ward, they heard two pistol shots, they saw Mm double himself across the tiller—and then, before the smoke had -lifted, they found that they li ad soin ething else td think of. - "For at that instant the storm broke—one of those _ short, SUddeti squalls"Which are common in these seas. The Matilda heeled over, her sails bellied out, she plunged her lee fail into a Wave, and waS off like a frightened deer. Jelland's body had jammed the helm, and she kept a. course .right before the wind and fluttered away over the rising sea like a blown piece of paper. The rowers worked frantically, but the yawl Still draw ahead, and in five minutes it had plunged into the storm wrack never to be seen again by mortal eye. The boat put back and reached Yokohama with the water washing halfway up to the thwarts. ' ' : " And that was how it'-came that the yawl Matilda, with a cargo of five thousand pounds and a crew of two dead young men, set sail across the Pacific Ocean. What the. end of Jelland's' voyage may. ha,ve been:no man knows. He mayhave^ foundered in that gale, or lie may have been piclaM up {by sonle cariny merchantman, who stuck -to-the bullibh and kept_ his mouth - shut,, or he may still be cruising in that vast waste of waters, blown north to the Behring Sea,. or south to the Malay Islands, It's better - to leave it un finished than to SDoil a true story by inventing a tasr to it/ '—Success. 