THEI DW .AT TH FOUR OONERS, [" LUDGATE MONlHLY."] (CHAP'EIR I.-CONTINUELD) Old Man looked round upon his neighbours with the air of one who . had been magnanimous under cir cumnixianllt where magnanimity was thle last thing to be expected. The Reverend 'Arthur turned to Sally, who, with alshing eye.s and poilRed revolver, still stood at bay. covering Old ian in a manner which evidently caused that worthy a little uneasiness. "Pat it down, Sally-put it down." lie urged gently. " Thein things has a way of goin' off when folk ain't used * to 'emn. You'd better be careful." " If it do go off," said Sally, with the cheerful directness whlih was one of ler most prominent characteristics, * "you bet your boots, Old Man, that it will hit something." Old Man looked uneasy, Is lie stood out from thle group of his friends, and * the torchlight shone on Sally's slining revolver. " If it does go off, Sally," lie said pacifically, " I reckon I sha'n't be able to bet about, anthin'. It bein' sorter Scold an' onladylike to Ie out at this time o' night, mebbe you.d better sling -home agin. You niout know as me an' Ikey'll attend to the remains for Sfrieindbip's sake." "Ikey'rlin hav enough to do on at tend to his own remains," retortdn tile wrathful Sally, "as well as yours, If you don't stop this foolishness. Now. you just clear out, and get the right man-if yon can see straight enough to know him." This ungenerous allusion to a slight obliquity of vision on the part of Old AIan touched him on the tenderest point. "Seein' as how you're gittin' real onladylike an' personal," he said gently-"Seein' as how you're glitin' real onladylike an' personal, Sally an' al'nt no consideration for the feelins of them as brought you up, I ain't goin' to have nothin' more to do with this yer business. I resign. I've bin a member of tile Committee for over forty years, an' now you comes an' in sults my grey hairs." Sally laughed recklessly. " I meant your squint, Old Man, not your grey hairs. Eh, what ?" The Reverend Arthur had again plucked at her sleeve. "Don't bother me. I must keep my eye on Old Maln, or he'll be trying to rush us. He's as trust wortlly as a crocodile." The leader of the Vlgilants came forward irresolutely. "If you wasn't a parson - ," he began. Then he stopped. "Promise to say nothin' about this an' we'll drop it." The Reverend Arthur hesitated. "He'll promise," said Sally, cheer fully, "or if he won't I'll be answerable for him. Hadu't you better be off after Jake '" "That's it," said Old Man admir ingly, and immediatey sinking all questions as to his own blood-thirsty proclivities. " Sein' as how we've settled matters amikerably I don't row, Parson, an' we'll go on with 'Baptismal Regeneration' an' smoke a pipe over it. Now, boys, scatter for the Bush an' see if you kin git on the ? oIspoLthat skunk. I'll take the land c.hill , ).,a?n._ . fm he ailn't chilly, Sally. Your ratie; oeiffi" official, couldn't stop for the hangin'. You'd better go home too an' study up on the impertations you've cast on someone as shall be nameless, though, mebbe, cross-eyed or not cross-eyed, he kin see a deal furtler'n you." Sally nodded a gay good-night to the men as they tiled through the narrow doorway of tile store. Woman-like, she had not thought of the construe tion wiitch the Reverend Arthur might put 1n1on her intervention on his behalf. Beneath tile ardent glance of his shining eyes her own drooped as he sought to possess liinselt of her hand and thalnk lhe. l " I'm goin' honie," site said abruptly. "Don't you know better than to ex pect me to stay here all night talking \- ?3, , you hadn't cared for me," lie began. Sally turned upon him with rising and illogical indignation. "See here. is tills anyway to talk Because I've leen unladylike enough to save your life," she said, dropping tile revolver on the ground, regardless of consequences, "you expect nme to be in love with you. Men are always so ungrateful, so-so unreasonable." She gave a sniff' and began to cry softly. The Parson picked up the revolver. "That's enoughb.'Sally. I don't illean to distress you," lie said softly. What ever my ownl fate may lbe I shall think only of your happiness. Always re member that. Don't you think it would lie safer if I took the cartridges out of this revolver ? Sally began to smile through her teart, the rising ghost of laughter in her eyes. " -n-no, I d-d-d- don't," she sobbed. "It-it-it wasn't 1-1-1-loaded at all, and I w-w-w-w-as afraid they'd f-f-lind out I was blunling them. Old Man, who had lingered Ibhilnd tile others ill the doorway, cnmie for ward repllroachfully. "It's playin' it low down on a man as has dalndled you on Iis knee to go an' bluff linl like that," lie said ; "but I'll forgive you, Sally, if you take back what you salid about my sqnlntin'. I'm thinkin' of manrrin' agin 1n' it might git round. A cross-eyed nlan don't git no show now adays, specially witlh widders." Sally lield out Ilor hand with a rip pling burst of laughter good to hear. " I take it all back, you bloodthirsty old monster," she said merrily; "but if anything happens to hin," slIe looked at the Reverend Arthur, who turned red and whlite beneath her amused glance, "I'll hold you responsible;" and she fled Into the night. Old Mlan gazed after her with a sar castic glance. " Seein' as how she's a woian," lie said, "sile ain't account able, Parson, she ain't accountable. It you ain't sleepy you'd better comic home with me an'"' Btit the Reverend Arthur had slipped through thie doorway andil dis appeared. Though a charitable maln,' even his charity had limits, and he was in no mood to discuss tlheologlcal points with one who had been clamor Ing to hang him a few minutes ago. 1 Old Man looked after him in an in- ( jured way. "An' that's the iman as : I've wrastled with on doctrine till he's 1 able to floor all them 'Hill' folk ! Why, It's disgustin'; that's what it is, dis he ain't got no more manners 'n a hog. gustin'! You'd expeck better style from a catfish, an' not be disappointed h neither." He cut himself an ample chaw of i tobacco nild wandered home through f thile grim, grey dawn, rushling against 1 the wet branches of the pine as they flung their resinous fragrance in his face. "Thar ain't no fun goln' nowa days," he grumbled, disconsolately. "'I was most forgettin' that fellow ,Take." His manner brightened, and he hurried down to the landing place on I tlie chance of geting a pot-shot at that r worthy, but in vain. The darkness c had mysteriously swallowed up Chil- II vey .Take. Only once again was he to e revisit the Four Corners-only once n again; but then his coming would be g attended with. the. majesty and terror c of the gaunt Iking .whose name is c Death, and who speaks not, neither n maketh any sign, but breathes upon , us for a little space, until we become a as the leaves whirlingbefore the blast, j and are blown and driven hither and o thlitier from out of the Land of Life , into the Valley of Darkness and De- 0 spair, and whence Man cometh not d until the sound. of the Last Trump l shall call the sheeted dead from out a the tomb. . :l . . 1i.s. a 189) 