OUR AMERICAN LETTER. THE NOBLE ART GETS A SET-BAGK. DEMPSEY-RYAN FIGHT CANCELLED. Griffo and the Brown Boy. THE ROCKS LAD AND HIS LATEST ESCAPADES. Frank Craig Sets His Cap at Peter. JOE CMOYNSKI AROUSED. Pedestrian and Turf Items. ilho . ' Cooler'?' Wardrobe— Peter Maher \ Anxious to Meet Peter Jaokson— Jorry ' ?:. Murahttll Gets Arrested— A Bar-room Quarrel— Griff's Friends Go For Tom O'Rourke with the Boot— Bob Fltzsim mons' Latest Discourse aud Jim Corbett's Book — John L. Sullivan Misbehaves Again— Slugs Out His Manager — Sam Fltzpatrlck's Letter— And All About the Australian Contingent in America. Jat)M THE SPECIAL COHUIBSIONEB TO TILE \- , , 'KeFIKSJE' IN AlIKIUOJL.) Vi/.T. -?? P ' San Fbanoibco, Novombor 10, 1895. ? Aaanredly the noblo art of self-defence loenw to have fallen upon ovil days. It gave the enomica of tho sport a ohanoe to onvil when Dummy Winters killed his man in 'Englund, and when that Bad affair was fol lowed by the doath of Oou Riordau on this *ido of. tho wator thore was still more ado atjont tho brutality of tho prizo-ring. Tho climax was probably roacbed when Andy Bovron gave up tho ghost af tor being unmeroi fulVy trounced by George Lavigne, at Now Oideans. * , Tho ntwi of this last occurrence was doubt laos cabled all over the world soon af tor it ' happened, «o that thcro ia no oooasion to go Tery fully into details. It was at tho Olympic Olub, Now Orleans, on tho night of December 14, that Bovran received the blow which rosnlted in his death. Ho was engaged in a ''glovo oontost with Goorgo Lavigne, a light weight who has been sweeping ovory thing beforo him during tho past oouple of years. According to all accounts Bowon was whijypod from the beginning. Lavigne, who is a perfect little savago wboa tho fighting feiror is on him, made a fior.00 battlo of it ; and tho only question which suggested itself to tho minds of tho onlookers was, ' How long Cftn Bowen last undor tho onslaught ?' Bowan was of tbat particular pbysiqao which tho sports describo as BUILT FOE TAKTNO PUKISHMENT. . Ho was long-bodied and Bhort-logged (slightly bow-legged, if I romombor right), dud ho had a bullet-head attached to his ohunky body by a thick nock. In addition to tho; stamina whioh accompanies such a build, ho, was endowed with courage of the bulldog oijdor. At that ho was not of a brutish nature kJnualf. Ho was mild-mannered, soft- spoken and aomi-ohildish in hi* prattle without the ring, and it is claimed for him tliat he uever unuocosRurily punishod an opponent when he himiolf was tfottinir the upper hand. But his stubbornness made itself apparent when he woh being pummelled so unmoroifullv by Lavigno, and it was very evident tbat nothing' but being knocked out completely would make tho bravo-hearted little Southerner give up the fight. It was romarked, too, that La vigno soemod to bo a poor finisbor, for he had his op-ponout at hia mercy a score of times, and was unablo for some reason to put him pat. From what I know of Bowen I shonld judi,re, bowuvor, that it wasn't lack of force in Luvigno's blow* tbat was responsible for tho ft-;ht being prolongod, but rather the New Oxloans boy's peculiar ability to stand up against repeatod hard knocks. Anyhow, tho end oame in the eighteenth , round, whon Lavigno landed good and hard ? on the neck with his right. Bowen fell back ward, his head striking the unpaddod floor WITH STUNNING FOBCB. His limbs strotobod out as he lay thore, and it was patent to all that ho would be unable to riao. As soon us tho count out was complete Bowan'B seconds took hold of him and began to use the moans usually roHortod to to restore knocked out man. But Andy hung limp and irro4tr-onHivQ inithoirarms and protty soon tbe doctors woro called in. They waited on him for a couple of hours, and then sent him to his homo svrathed in blankets, whore tbe family pbynician took up the task of attempting to rervivo him. It was no u«o, for the unfortu nate follow passed away before daybreak, and thcro wa* consternation in fighting circles at N«w Orleans. , .LaviRne, Sam Fitzpatrick (his trainer^and lecond)., and, in fact, every porson connected with tlao content, were arrested, but were ad mit tod to bail. Tho question of culpability, passipl upon by tho coronor's jnry, whioh do tornjinod that Bowen's doath was purely aoci donfcal. As matters stand, therefore, Lavigno an A tho others aro safe from prosecution, but It is understood that the Grand Jury will tolreup tho matter of the club's responsibility, anrd it is oxpocted that glove-fighting has re o«ived a set-back in Now Orleans for some .1 mo to oomo. / The trend of tho ovidonce at tho inquoitt 'want to show that it was tho crack on the back 'of tho head whioh tho door gavo Bowen which CAUSED CONCUSSION OF THE BBAIN. , This view of the eono was tho ono aocopted by tho jnry probably, but It still gooa on record that another man has been killed in the prim Ting. It 1ms boon tho praotioe whim dhenna (nit otiior deaths thut have occarmd on the coxing platform or within tho ropes, during the past conplo of yoars to attribute them to l»ok of condition on tho part of tho person killed. Thonc who are anxious to «eo boxing flourish have talked thomaalve* hoarse on this particular point, arguing that 110 woll-trainod (Miter was ever seriously bruised, let alone killed, in a conteat.and that if fight promoters Vronld diaoonrago goon botween tyros tho game would go along swimmingly , and thero would bo no objections raisod to tho pastimo by Press, public, or pulpit. But now that Jinn-en, trained to the minute, ha* bfteoximt across thiibigdivido.thedofondor* of tin) giimo lmvon't so mnoli to say. Of courre, they fall buck on tho argument that it was tho floor that killed him, bnt as a rulo the dvtollora in Fightdom seem to fool that this goldon. Ash mattor of fact, the doaths of Kiordan ?lul Bowen have not raiand near suoh a howl In morality cirolcs as wo expucted to hoar. Thin probably bcoauso events of groater iiinjri)itu(l') linvo boon And uro QDK&£Tif)f? tho attention of tho people. The changes of State arid municipal officials mado necessary at the boninnimc of tho year by tho November eleo lions lmvn buon occupying tho thoughts of politician!!, while tho Lexon Polico Investiga ' lion in NoVv York has bean important and wido ruanhing enough to overshadow thn deaths of a couplo nf bruisers. It iH thoroforo 110 hut rririo to mo to learn that whilo New Orleans in unilor thn ban, other noctinns aro going right . lilong witli tho sport and arranging for (nntches to tako place in tho near future. Of course the sad ending of tbe Lavigno Itowcn mill cancellod THE JACK DEMl'SEi'-TOMMT KTAN FIOUT, nhich was to havo taken plaoa on tbe follow lax night. A great number of pcopli r« ratrkod, ' It's a. good job for Dompsey,' and honestly I must pload guilty to Laving felt that way about it myself. But Jack is ? . AS COCK* AS EVEU, and when it was roportod to him at Now Orloaiui that ltyuu had mudo diupuraging ro marks, intimating tbat tho uanoeUatiun had saved X-eui|»-oy » «ooA hiding, he immodiutoly wout in search of tho dappor young Ohicagoun and told him protty plainly what ho thought of him. ' If you think you onuld havo whipped mo to- night in the ring,' said Doinpnoy, ' you oun yon wore to being right. . Let us take a hack and go away to some quiet place with just ono friond ay loco, and fight it out with bare kmioklos.' llran politely and firmly doolined, intimat iug that it was . MONEY, NOT SATISFACTION, that ho was after. Ho suggoiitod that nomo othor olub on some other suction might tako up tho running and enable them to mill it out in the orthodox way, and intimated that it win no use allowing ouosolf to bo aggravated by tho prnttliug of misohiof-makors. Byau'e ideas ua to sumo other ojub biddiug for the light were about right, for I understand that Olio of tho Conoy Island atlilotio organisations is to bring the pair togothor later in the month. But of that and othor projected matches— notably oue betweon Griffo and Bbton— I will writo further on. . And in tho meaiitimo tbo sports of Now Orloans aro proolaiming Master Tommy Kyau a Jouah of the first water. They refer to the time whon ha wax to havo met Danny Nood ham iu Louisiana's cawtal, ami was debarrod by ?' tdusilitbi.' ThoiTthey speak of HIS FIZZLE WITH QEOItUE DAWSOS, a sprained uuklo boirjg hold rospousiblo for Byan's backsliding on that occasion. Now, of coumo, Bovvon'a death is the ono aud only reason that llyau did not fight before tbo assembled sports of Now Orleans, but to hear them talk ono would think they woro of the opiniou that if Kyau had not bean billod to appear Boneu would be still ulive. Now is tbe time whon the -oribblern on boxing matters all over the country are spreading themselves iu thoir endeavors to ?how just how ring futalities ban bo provided against in future. One New York writer says that he has gono curofully over the record of doaths in the ring since 1800, and has found that nearly all woro primarily duo to heavy falls uudor tho old stylo, and to oou cussions of tho brain through contact with tho floor under tho now. Any that woro not killed in this lattor way, he says, can thank the ravages of alcohol on veins and arteries for thoir killing, and not the flat blows they rooeivod. ?.'..... Thiswritor has framod a now sot of box ing rules, tbo first of whioh providoB that opponents should bo gxaminod thoroughly by a physician and be pronounced IN PEUFECT CONDITION ' beforo being allowod to sot-to. The second rulo deals with the ring floor, trhiah, it holds, should be carpoted with rnbber not less than a quarter of au inoh thick. Rules 3 and 1 deal with the duties of pbysioion and roferoe, the former being expected to notify the roferoe when there is danger of serious injury to either of the contestants, and tho reforeo being thereupon authorised to stop tho bout and award tho victory to the man ho thinks entitlod to it. I hardly see how this physioian- refereo business oould bo made to operate with perfeot fairness to all conoerned. It looks to mo on the face of it as if the physician wonld in nine oases out of ton oall a halt when the first blow -vas dealt tbat dazed tho recipient. Certainly that is tbe time when danger lurks in a 5oz glove fight, for a dazed man cannot in moat casos guard his vulnerable points, and a knook- out blow is far more frequently a second or third visitation than a prima fade assault. ? I am assuming, of oourso, that tho physician would oonsider a knock-out blow ono of the ' Berions injurios' that tho new rules hit at. 1 Now, in my eapiioity as journalist, I havo seeu icoros of fights, I havo attended a few hangings as well ; also somo farewell sermons, launches of battle-ships, murdor-triuls, and other mundane buppomugs, and'I can reoall lots and lots of oasos in which the dazed fellow has rallied and won the fight. I am not saying that the dazed fellow might not for a moment have been in dangor of losing bis life by a hard oraok that might havo paralysed hie jugular CONCDSSED HIS BBAIN ?? . against the unpaddod floor, but ho worried through this soasou of possiblo contingencies, and finally Kot tbe upper hand. Tho battle wouldn't havo ondod that way though had thcro been an attondaut physician thore to signal ' serious ' iujnry imminent ' to tho r.fbrco when tho first staggoring blow wa3 landed. I don't think thore is muoh ubb framing new rules for pugilists any moro than for steeple chaso riders or .Rugby footballers or yachts men. Horses will fall, and men will dio on the football field, aud bo drowned in harbors, as loug as the earth rolls, and so, too, will* occasional doaths occur in tho ring, dospiU all tho rubbor floors and attendant physicians you can bring into requisition. And just so long as these ring fatalities come incyulos, as they have boon doing this past few years, tho popularity of boxing will ebb and flow. I heard from Sam Fitzpatrick soveral times while Lavigno was in training at New Orleans, and after tho fight. Sam ' wrote me dirootly Lavigne and himself were absolved from blame by the corouor's jury, aud obarged mo to let HIS FEIENDS IN AUSTKAXIA know that he had been pronounood innocent, and was in no danger of, further prosecutiou on tho score of being oonoerned in Bovren's doath. ' I had anotbor lettor from Sam this morning. It waB dated New York, January a, and Sam intimateB that he ia glad to bo book in Gotham. He says that Laviguo has gone home to soo his inothor, and take a few weeks' rest, and that bis noxt match will probably bo with tbo 9st Champion of England, whoever ha is. A cablo oiirao auross asking if Lavigne was willing to meet this MYSTICAL NINE-STONEIt, and tho ohallengo was promptly aooeptod. Fitzpatrick (representing Lavigno) ia now waiting further particulars as to purse, stake, and field of battle. Tho two events which are most lookod forward to just now are tho QrUTo-DLxon and Dompsoy-Byan goos. QRIF AND THE BROWN BOY will meet at the Seaside Athletic Club, Coney Island, on the night of January I8. They are to start in a 25-ronnd go, and the winner is to receive 50 per cent of the gross receipts. I understand that they are to box at catch weights, and I guess it will be a spiteful set to, as there is no love lost just at present between the Sydney lad and the Bostonian. They had a good deal to say about each other after their last affair. Griffo contending that Dixon would have been pie for him if he had been half trained, while both Dixon and O'Rourke gave it out broadcast that Griffo took heart failure early in the fight, and that it was all his seconds could do to keep him from FLYING THE COOP. I learn from a good source that Griffo only began training for the match on January 3, and as he will have barely two weeks to get fit in, he will need to attend strictly to business. My informant tells me that Griffo looks fairly well, considering the riotous life he has been living lately, that he is brimfull of confldence, and says that he will whip Dixon for a certainty this time. A year or two ago, when John L. Sullivan wan 111 good booting form, the world used to be made acquainted of the fuct ovary time he wont on a jamborco. For that mattor, thore woro many times doubtless when Sully was perfectly innocout of the wild orgioe at tributed to him, but thut didn't provont enterprising reporters from writing him up. It got so that 'John L. on a Tear' might have been kopt as a standing head in certain Kastorn nowapapor ofilcos { but now ap parently John L. has boon duthronod. Oriffo is now tho shining mark whioh tho journalist* of Gotham are a/tor, and if Orif. goeu in for ono titho of the drunks aocredited to him. ho must bo a durable piooe of humanity to lira through thorn all. I am going to sond you the Now York Sun's acoount of the maunur in whioh Uriffu celebrated Now Year. Somo of it at loa.t will bo interesting to Australians, as showing tho American idea of a Hydneyito's aooent; but tho whnlo buiineis, in my opinion, is to bo takon with THE USUAL BALINE ACCOMPANIitENT. Here is what tho Scn said 1— ' Albert Gnfflthx, otherwise known an ' Yonng Oriffo,' after having a good time at Philadophia for a week, returned to Now York on Monday afternoon. It was his dosire as soon as he gut here to look up hi* trainer, Mick Dnnno, and talk with tbe latter abont arrangemouU to go into atriot training for his ooming fight with Goorgo Dixon at Coney Inland on January 10. Oriffo found Dunne at tho Coloman Home, and th'e pair 6onvnra«d for1 about an hoar, the rciult being that Qrlffo wai to ittrt into training kt Qontj I«#nd yentorday. Thotwomon thon partod, and tho orratlo Australia!) tighter dlrooted his steps to a resort on Sixth Avonuo fro quentBd by Billy PUinmor. 'Whou Griffo lert Dunno ho promised his trainer that ha would not touch a drop of uuything, and that he would rotnrn to hia hotel, and retiro early. Hughuy Behan, liln backer, whu I mil snutfor him to coma to Now York from Philadelphia, ohauood to moot Griffo in tho Sixth Avenue-plauo, and was surprlsod to hoo Griffo loaning agalust the bar drinking anil amuuiug u orowd of sports by his quaint antics. ' ' You must stop this,' said Behan, angrily. ' You know you are going to fight Dixou, and you have got to get ready to begin trainiug to-morrow. Come, go home to bed I Do you understand ?' ' Jiohiu! has a groat deal of influence over tho Australian. Griffo meekly permitted himself to bo lod away. When he got Into tho street, however, he turned to his backer, and in a reproaohful sort of way, said 1 ' ' Uughy, olo ohaD, oawn't yor lot or obap 'avo or good time, blimo. Ilif yer lets mo go tor noigbt, blimo ma bloomin 'art, I'll lottlo down 'an yor won't soo me aronnd this 'blooming town till mo foight with Dixon is ovor. Eh, Hughy, whot d'yor sol r' ' ? Behan, whoeo heart was softened by hU plea, told Griffo that he oould do as ho pleaaod that night, providod that he would ho good in the future Af tor they left oaoh other Griffo purahased a largo tin horn and oommenoed to colobrato tho advont of the Now Year. Ha mudo a grout dual of iioino, aud attracted a largo crowd. He seomed|to enjoy this kind of ?port. ' About 11.30 o'clock bo strolled leisurely into the onfo of Brotver House. Parson Davis, Eddie Stoddard, aud Jaok M'Auliffo happened to bo thero. As soon as Griffo saw the ' Parson ' ho want ovor to him and grasped him cordially by the hand. Inoidontally ho gave a withering look at M'Anliffo, who was oontompluting a racing card whioh adorned another cornor of tbo bar. ' Ever sinoo Qriffo's mooting withlfAnlifTe at Conoy Island tho former's opinion of the light-weight olmmpion has boon one of kocn hatrod aud oomtempt. M'Auliffo realisod, too, that Griffo is his enemy ; alio that tho public, despite tbo decision of that ooutost, believes Griffo to bo his superior as a boxor. Griffo lost no timo in reviving tbe incidents oonneoted with tho Conoy Island ononnnter, and boRan to mako soihe slurring remarks. ''M'Auliffo,' said tho Australian, 'yor know, that himo th' best o' 'em' an' that high can beat yer. I kin lick any feather-weight or light-woigbt bin America, bluino mo. An' I liokod yer th' last time an' kin do it agin, d' yor seo f M'Auliffo aoomed to bo humiliated by his reflections, and retorted : ' ' You oan't liok me, you know yon can't. You wouldn't talk to mo like that if I didn't have a sore arm. Wait until you fight Dixon. Why, ho'll— ' ' ' Como off,' shouted Griffo, moving olosor. 'Come off. Himo tho ahatnpion ov the whole world, an1— — ? ' Just ut this moment someone interfered and pulled tho irato figbtor away. Tbo atten dants of tho hotel fiually got Griffo out of tho place beforo any blows wore struak. ' The Australian thon proceeded to the ?Gilsey Hoaso. On tho way ho mot Mike Leonard, who- was aooompanied by a young lady, just as Mike was turning tho cornor of Tivonty-ninth-stroot. Leonard and Griffo have not been friends of lato, tho latter began to upbraid Miko thon aud thero. Ho shouted at Leonard, calling him a vile namo, and said something reflecting upon the oharactor of tho young lady. Leonard did not mako any reply, but untored tho hotol through tho Twonty-ninth-stroot ontranco, while Griffo and somo frieuds wont in by the Broadway entrance. Loonard aud Griffo, a fow minutes later, met in tho cafd, and Leonard theu and thero demanded why driffo insulted his lady friend and himself. . ''You'ro too ? fresh!' said Mike, livid with rajro. ' I don't want you to do it agaiu, soef You'ro too fresh I ' ''I'm Griffo, the feather, Mike,' returned the Australian, flashing his iingor defiantly in front of Leonard's nose, ' what tho blooming right 'avo yer t' oall me down. Miko. Come off I oh, coins off!' ' ' I don't caro for you or anybody likeyou,' snapped Loonard, bis blood boiling. ' I say yon'ro too fresh!' ''If, yor say that agin hi'd punch yer bloomin' noBe,' rejoined Griffo, trying to got ' Sooins that a row was imminent, Beban, who followod Griffo jnto tho Gilsey Honso. grabbed hold of Leonard by the throat and pushed him towards tho wall. Griffo struggled to got at Loonard, but he could not break through the strong group of a few friends. ' Tho noise and confusion was great, and guests Hooked into tbo place in great numbers. The special officer of the hotel just then nppoared, and told Griffo that ho would put him ont if he did not keep quiet. Leonard in the meantime left the hotol, vow ing ho would square matters with the An« tralianl' . A New York correspondent of a Fhilsdel phian paper gives an entirely difforont aocount of Griffp's Now Year oelebrations. This is tbo .way' ho puts it : — ' Now Year's Day began in a Tory livoly stylo on TTppor Broudwav, in tho neighborhood of tho Impprial Hotol and tho Coloman House, by a flstiouff.bout and 'a livoly war of words between two somewhat conspicuous flguros in ' the fanoy.'.'Young'Griffo and Jaok M'Auliffo. Youuir ''Griffo had boon spending. . tho ovening at tho Imporial. and had toasted the Now Year iu many bumpers. Just at mid night, us the ohorns of horns re-oohoed in the atreot.he left for the Coloman House with a party of friends. 'Ever aiuco tho Conor Island matah was doolarod a draw Young Griffo has borne hard foeliugs towards M'Auliffe. As ha entered tho Colomau House Cafe M'Auliffe was stand iuir at tbe bar. Tho two fighters and their friends had aevoral rounds of drinks, and then the Coney Island match bocamo the sub ject of conversation. ' Tho discussion booamo a Tory hot ono. ''It was a. draw, but I oan chango the rosult now.'aaid M'Auliffe.1 ' 'No, you can't,' responded Young Griffo. ' It would tako a bettor man than you to do that.' 'A quick exollango of blows followed. M'Auliffe caught Young Griffo on tho aide of tho head, and roceived in turn a datzlor on tho forehead. Young Griffo next swung bis right, but tho blow only caught M'Auliffo 's hat, whioh went sailing into the crowd. By this thno tho men woro pulled apart by their frUnds. 'A great crowd bad gatborod in tbo cafe, and tho ontlro population of Upper Broadway soomed to bo streaming into tho place. Julio drow out a club to protoot bin oigar staud, and tbe white-coated bar-toudors rushod oot sido the bar to aid in restoring ordor. 'Whou tho oommotion was at Its height Officer iloGran, of tbo Broadway aqnad, and tho hotel detsotive. ' Billy ' Coyne, rushod into the midst of tho crowd and soiled tho principals. 'By this time tbo pugilists had realised tbo nnprofossional nature of tboirconduotiu light ing when no purao was in, and wore ready to be good friends ngain. The policeman thought it best to devote their attention to tbo crowd, which »m chiefly mode uu of young men with long tin horns, and whou tho placo was oleured of tbo ontnidora tho Now Year's fostivitios again had full sway.' I don't know how the publication of tbeno oncapudos offeot Griffo. Surely if he ia sensi tive about Buch matters ho boa plenty of room for oomplaint, but possibly lie is liko a sporting friond of mine who remarked that he did not caro what tho papers said about him so long as thoy apolt hia namo right. TOMMY KYAN AND JACK DEMPSEY meet tho night after Diion and Griffo (same club), and the majority opinion just now la that Rjan will win without much trouble. O;ia thing about tbo affair is tbat Kyau oan dopond upon a fair field and no favor, for Dompnoy ii one of the manliest fellows in the business, and will not oountouanoo Anything that ia not perfectly straight. I mention thia bocausa there oamo to my mind thoughts of tbo war Jaok AI'AulifTs was spared the Ignonimy of defeat at tho hands of Griffo, and 1 think Leods at Coney Island, and I re membered that Darausoy is just as popular as M'Aultffo around New York and Brooklyn, and oould no doubt provide against defeat it ho wiihorl to. Speakiui; of hia ohanoea with Dempasy, Ryan nay': 'I havo always inclined to tflo opinion that Dompsoy was a greatly overrated man. Ho ban only whipped about five good men in finish flghta, and has rilled in tho rest of his record with decisions in limited round goo». I say that even so far oa records (o raino is bottor than hia, and I am confident I will defeat him whon wo nieet.' A good many of thoBo who aro prominent in tho world of pugilism have boon writing New Yoar articles for the Eastern papera, and rovlewing tho ring events of tho year. I notio* that moat of them proclaim George Lavlgn* WITHOUT A PEER among wnlghta ranging from 1281b to 1381b. Of Griffo, tin bent tbat is sold in that bo la a rajaUry, and that thus ia 00 knowing what be may bo capablo of if ho bo sent into tho ring iu Kood condition. Jim Corbott in hia rof erouoo to Griffo saya 1—' Hia days in tha ring grow shortor as his arm orooka towarda his mouth. His eo with Dixou at Conoy Island will decide his futo.' Jim wroto quito a lengthy Now Yoar urtiole for u Chicago paper. Iu oue part of it he said :— ' Of tho roaultu of tho yoar in boxing, thoro have bonti somo disappointmonts and surprisoa. Aftor all our efforts to arrange a match, Jackson and raysolf wore unable to arrtvo at any satisfactory conclusions. All sorta of storioa havo boon given publioity in rogard to the masons for fuilura to got together, and somo of thorn wore poaitively rldloulous. I have mode overy reasonable effort and oouaORHion that would load to a matoh, hut without avail. As I liavo pro viously 11010(1, the contest with Fitzsimmona will bo my lust In tho ring-, ho that tbe pos . sibility of maoting Jaokaou la now more roinoto than ever beforo. The contest with Mltahell convinced the publio that he was not In my olnsa, and, dnspito all his talk to tho con trary, it ia doubtfuhif ho con Id bo induced to enter tho ring with me again. In Fitzsimmons I havo no doubt that I shall meet one of the best mon that over woro a glovo. Of oonrss 1 feol confident of boing ablo to win, and I bare not the slightest doubt tbat tho contest will take placo, and it ia very probuhlo that Jack sonville, the original place selooted, will bo the soeno of tho contost. Tho kinotograph talk is purost nonsonso, and will novor amount to anything. If worse oomes to worso, there will bo amplo opportunity for a contest in prirato for tho ontiro Btakes. On this boon we will probably bo able to make tho amount of tho wngors sufficiently largo to satisfy evon the abnormal dovolopment of tho bump of acquisitiveness whioh I havo heard that tho gentloman from tho kangaroo land is said to possons. Of my physical condition, I oan say that I was uoverbettoHn my life, and beliovo that I shall ontor the ring with Fitzsimmona in_bott«r shape than ever boforc. I have heard a great doal ubout thono wonderfnl blows which Fitzsimmons is preparod to laud upon my head and body, but I am fully convinced that after a few hard rounds he will wish be had learned more of defouco and loss of war. His tootios sound very protty in poacoful times, but they would look a goat d»«l better when noatly oxeoutod as ocousion demands.' Peter Jaokson, who ia at presont on the other side, giving sparring exhibitions in com pany with David St. John, aHarculoan Welsh man, is quoted as saying that he will not retire from the ring until be has HAD A BUY AT COKBETT. It won in Glasgow, Scotland, a night or two ago, that Fetor mado his little speech, after a lively aot-to with hia big spurring.partnur, and tho gist of his remarks oarno aoross in the cablegrams. When Brady and Corbett beard of Peter's utteranoea, they mid ' it was just like Jackson, and that he wouldn't have talkodUhat way ouly that ho know Oorbett intended to retire after bis matoh with Fits 'But,' said tho irrepressible Brady, 'if Jackson really wants a fight wo will baok Steve O'Donncll against him, the match to take placo tho aame weok aa the CorbottFitz aimmous fight. * LOVELY POPPYCOCK, ISN'T IT? Bnt, as a matter of faot, I am surprised at Peter resusoitating the fight matter, for, if he ia a thinking man, he must know that Corbett novor will fight him, and nevor intended to from tbo night thoy had that famous ' no oon test' in tho California Club. It may be thought that Fete grow reminiscent and spite ful whon somoone shouted 1 ' How about Cor bett P' and tbn*. ho indulged in a few editorial remarks on tho aubjaot that has been dear to his heart for tho past four years. When Corbett first hoard of Andy Bownn's death ha said: — ' Thut makes me more doter miuod than ovor to cut looso from a following whioh is so dogradiug.*' Then Jim roiteratod romarks ho had mode previously to tho offoct that his conteBt with Fitzeimraons would bo his lust, and tbat then ho would elevato himsolf to aoting altogether. 'It is vory humiliating,' said Jim, 'to notioe that on my first appearance in a town most of tbe peoplo in tbe bouae are there to see Corbett tho fighter and not Corbett the aotor. But whoro I play a wook, say in ono plaop, the obaracter of the audience Improves ovory night, and itia gratifying to me to know that my talent as a player iB rooogniaed.' Going baok to Peter, I believe ho intends returning to, this country shortly, and it is Bupposod that ho will bring the Wolah giant with him. This St. John ia 6ft 3in tall, and, according to nil aooounts, is fairly olerer. Somo of tho oriticisms I have seen give him oredit for making a neat and willing net-to with our friond from Bondi, so that if saob is the oaso ho will bo an intoresting figure when he reaolios this sido. I was thinking that if Peter intends to mako matches for his stalwart sparring partner on this side he couldn't have him open the ball with a better vit-a-via than but Joe M'Auliffe. Joe li about the tame hoigbt as the Welshman, and, to see such levia thans banging at each other, would be worth a small journey. I notice that Frank Craig, the husky oolored middle-weight, who fights under the name of tho Harlem ' Coffoe Coolor,' Is SETTINU HIS CAP AT PETEB. At least, if tho ' Coolor ' iBn't, his manageris, and it amounts to tho same thing. Craig ia in England now, and has mado quite a name for himself by sending Tod Pritchard ont in one round. He is a rattling fighter, of THE SHOETHOBN BULL VAEfETY, is tho ' Coolor,' but I hardly think he woald afford Petor an ordinary oxeroising canter. Ed. Holsko, who ia managing Craig, bus ohallongod Jaokaon, and has intimated that he will onlyl withdraw the dofl. when Peter intimates that he is ont of the rimr for good. I haven't come aoross anything1 whioh givea me a lino on what Putor thinka of 'the proposi tion ; but 1 imagine that Jaokaon dooms the challengo beneath his notloo. Ho certainly would gain no fresh glory by whipping thu ' Coolor,' whilo the latter -would add to hia standing in tbe profession by boing able to say, 'I'm ono of tbe follow! that Jackson lioked.' According to all accounts, tho ' Coolor ' has cut a wide swathe in London sporting oirolea. Ho went ovor to the ' villago ' under tho chaperonago of Denny Butler, but after tho ' Cooler's 'viotory ovor JaokO'Brien.of Wales, tbe oolored gontloman from Harlem aoqnirod big bead, and Butler couldn't hold him. Aocordingto Bntlor, tho ' Cooler' didn't divvy up fairly with the fighting apoila, bnt ex pended Butler's sharo of the profits, and bis own iu tho pnrobase of an expeusive wardrobe If Bntler speaks tbo truth, Craig, during tho weak succeeding hia defeat of O'Urien, ordered SEVENTEEN SUITS OF CLOTHE!, threo overcoats, half a dozon hats, nine fancy waistcoats, fifty ilaring cravats, eight boios of glovos, many suits of silk and Iambi' wool undorwoar, a big supply of ailk half-b'oao, and purohasod all the walking sticks with alligator'* heads on them he oould find on Flent atroot. As a roBnlt of the ' Cooler's ' suddenly dovelopod orazo for being dressy, Butler drew away from him, and Ed. Holske stopped into tho breach. Thon tbo matoh with Ted Pritohard was arraugod, and some idea of tho fastness of the 'CoolorV work may be gained from tbo fact that ho put Ted to alaep inaido of 2min. PETEB MAIIER ia tbo only ono who can lay claim to having defeated Craig up to tho pretiont — that la sinoo Craig has been rooognisnd aa one of the top notohara. While tho match was a-maklng the ' Ooolor ' oreatod a good doal of amuaemont by inquiring if Peter atill hold the Cbampionahip of Ireland. Hia reason for putting the question, he oxplainod, waa that he intended to mako a tour of tho home countries after the mill, and bo reckoned that if ho oould sign himself Champion of Ireland it would help his business iu Dublin and other Irish oitiea where he might give oxhibitiona. One oannot imagine bow pleaaod a Saturday night gathering 111 Limerick or Tipperary would ho at hearing a man of the ' Cooler'a ' oomploxion introduood aa CHAMPION OF IBELAND, but in any caso, Manor simplified realtors by writing tho ' Cooler' and retaining tho title. Joe Choynaki aootna to have been arouaed by tbe ' Couler'a ' ohsllongo to Peter Jaok aon. Joo has uotifiod the London Sporting Clubs tbat he will accommodate Craig for twonty-five hundred dollars aaide, and will hold himaelf ready to prooeed to England dirootly Craig signlfioa bia willingness to make the match ; or, if Craig doesn't omre to take him on. Joe will aooommodate any heavy weight in England — Jaokaon barred— for the name aide bet, and aa decent a pane aa oan be proonred. I havo heard within a day or two, however, that tho Coney Island aporta are fignring on bringing Joe aud Jim Hall together for a 25 round bout, so I auppoae if this new deal la consummated ft will havo the offeot of poat poning Joo's propoaod trip to England. Joe and Jim ought to mako a rattling fight. Hall, I h«ar. thinka he will have no trouble in dis posing of Joe. He aaya, in faot, that tho affair won't l«*t 25 rounde, or anything near it. DAN CBEEDON has a match in hand, his pronpontivo opponent being a heavy-woight named Poter Burnan. Thoy aro to moet in a fow weeks before the Oalvoston (Texas) Athletio Club for a purso of SOOOdol. Tha match is an unlimited ono, and tho man can weigh as muoh as thoy'vo a mind to. Croodon, who aoema to be putting on weight, oxponts to outer tbo ring at lfiSlb, whilo Bornan, who Is a big strapping fallow, with an unbealon rocord, will aoalo 1001b in Tho matoh was arranged by Colonol John D. Hopkins, Creodon's backer, and he says thoro will be no interference on tho part of the authorities. For that matter it iB axpeoted that if tha close season for fighters ia ost»b llshod in New Orloaus Galvoaton will blossom out oa tho grout sonthorn pugilistic motro polls. It la the place whoro Jaok Dompaov trained for nil his lights in tho south, and the Gulvoatoniaus are and always have boen tho gamost kind of sports. It looks lndoed as if tho looality was going to bo shifted entirely in tho matter of fighting centres. Onco upon a time San Franoiaco was the hotbed of pngiliBm, then it woe Now Orleana, thon Now York, and recently both New York and Now Orloans. , Now I think it will do Galvoston and Ohiosffo, with a fairly good probability of San Franoisoo bobbing up again. They are making hay wbilo the enn shines at Conoy Island by mobilising all ih« good mon that aro handy, but it lookn as if restrictive measures will be put in operation before all of tho proposed fights come off. Yeaterday AsRemblymau Horton, of Wayno, introduood a bill in tho Now York Assembly which, If passed, will EFFECTUALLY STOP B0HNCJ. The text of it is an follows :— 'A person who within tliis State ongat;eB in, inetigates, aids, onoouragca, or does any aot to furthor a contention exhibition or fight 'withont weapons botwoen two or more poraons, or a fight oommonly oalled a prizo fight, or who engageB in publio or privato sparring exhibition with or without gloves either within or without rho State, or words or publishes a ahnllenge for suoh a ooutontion exhibition or fight, or oarries or delivers such challenge or aaoeptanco, or trains or assists any porson in training or preparing for Buoh a contention exhibition or fight, ia guilty of 'a misdemeanor. This Aot shall take effect im mediately.' It appears to me that tho framor of this Bill ia too rabid a moralist altogethor, and that tho mooBura will defeat itsolf on account of its manifest unfairness. Thero is no occasion to any fuller reasons for tho opiniona I hold, as tho Bill will spoak for itself. Whilo they are bemoaning tho gloomy out look in Now Orleans and Now York, tho sports of Chicago art) rejoicing over tho prospoots of a revival of boxing. Tho powors that be Bay thoy will iasne permits to reliable olube or in dividuals, but only on the following con ditiona: — 'No liquor may bo sold or distributed on the promiaoa, and no bar to bo run iu connec tion with tbe clnb ; all oontosts with .six or eight ounoe gloves, and to be limited to aix rounds; all boxing aronas to be heavily padded, floors and stakelona rings, with ropcB so arraugod that a man oannot fall through or between them ; all contests to be nnder the personal supervision of an officer appointed by the Mayor, Chief of Polioo, or cuptain of the district whoro the arena is locatod,' Previous to the stopping of pugilism thore were five centres of pugilism in Chicago. Thore were Tattersall'B, tho Triangle Club, M'Gurn's Court, tho Pelioan Club, uud tho Chicago Athletio Association. Now that tho sport ia to aturt again, the boxing mauagera are to hold a conference. They will eohemo so aa to arrange uon-oonflioting schedulon, and they will agrco to uphold the now regulations and help the polico to tho host of their ability. It ia expected that thoro will bo woeklr shows at tho Trianglo, M'Cluni's and tho Pdlioan, with monthly affairs at Tattersall's aud the Chicago Athiotio Asaooiation. It will thus bo soon that tbo Bport-loving oitiiena of Chicago will have all tho boxing they want, and if some diaorimination ia used in'tbe aslcotion of talent, even six-round goes with 6oz glovoB will be found entertaining enough and exoiting enough for anybody. JOHN L. SULLIVAK ia misbehaving himaelf again. A good doal hoe been said recently of tho big fellow's exemplary behaviour. How ho was making money with his show, and putting it away, hit intention being to retiro beforo long,* and become proprietor of a model ranch in eotuo part of hia native States. Now it is made to appoar that John hue been wetting tho rod stuff freely within the past couple of wooks, and on a result his ' Man from Boston ' show has 'bustod.' The oollapae took placo in Paris, Kentuoky, a few days ago, and was the culmination of John L'a. long sprue. Tho big fellow waa very ngly on tho day precoding tho break-up, making troublo for evorybody ho oame in contaot with. Ho cursed ono of tho aotresses until aho resigned, and departed for hor home in Chicago, Sullivan woe escorted to tho Opera Houbo in tho ovening by hia manager, John P. Ward, but bia condition wna such that tho manager remonstrated with him. There upon John L. beat Ward so badly that ho had to bo put to bod, and the ahow ' blew up.' BIO JOE M'AULIFFE ia itching to got into harness again. lie has been writing to Eastern papers and boxing managers intimating bis readiness to go against Potor Mabor, whom ho thinks ho can dofoat easiiy. Joe said that in aaso Maher did not accept he would be pleased to try conclusions with Peter Jackson or Jako Kilrain. It ia understood that Kilrain has aooepted tho offer, and that as soon aB somo club offers a purso tho pair of old-timers will bogin to prepare for a limitod round go. I don't Bupposo eitbor Kilrain or M'Auliffe havo n great doal of fight left in thorn, but as my notion of M'Auliffo is tbat ho has been got ting slower and alowor evory timo he enters the ring, I inolino to the belief tbat Kilrain will flog the old-time prottge of Barney Farley all over tho ring. BILLY MUEPHY had s, soft thing of it at Cincinnati on tho night of January 2, when ho mot and defeated a boxor named Maokelwiski. It was at tha Olympic Olub, and there woro 1500 pooplo onl band to soo the fight. Murphy fought like a tiger, and had Mackolwiski groggy and blooding before tho sixth round waa reaohed. The man with the Sootch-Ruasiun name wan gaino, bowover, and bold out for tbreo rounds moro, when the polioo stopped the unequal conteat. Murphy wasdeolared the winnor. Jim Corbott has writton a book rooontly ontitled ' Now Ideas on Boxing.' I sond a copy of it to the Rr.vERur.'s boxing editor, and he no doubt will rorio w it in tho orthodox way. Bob FitzsimmonH hanu't written any book, but to quoto a Philadelphia paper, ' the big Aus tralian talks enough ovory day to fill a library. '? Ono of Bob's latest diaconraen was on tho subject of the nationality of fightors, and thia is what he said 1—' It seems to mo that the Irish or Coltio raoe is tho most vigorous physically, and tho moat dovoted to athiotio sports of any iu the world. Especially is this true of thono sportB which involve actual oon flint. Thoro tho Irishman reigns supromo, giving tha Celtio stook an unrivullod prodomi nauco, with tho Anglo-Saxon or English stock a close sooond. Prizefighters aro gouorally of Coltio blood. Most of tbo champions wero of Irish origin. This doea not necessarily provo tho Irish a pugnaoious raca, but shows that Irishmen axe physically brave, and moro in clined to tho tine of natural than of artificial weapon*. Statistics prove that tbe nso of pistols and knives is rare in Ireland, while tho flat and plain blackthorn atiok play their part In both history and romance of tho Emerald Iale. ' Donnolly, ono of tho oarliost champions, waa Iriah. Jaok Ooopor waa a rare combina tion— Irian and eypay. Morriasoy was a full bloodod Irishman ; John O. Heouan bad tho Coltio blood; and Jem Maoe was of Irish do.oeut. Ned O'Baldwin, ' the Iriah giant,' goes oil tbe list without oommont. Joo Coburn and Tom Allen wero deacendanta of the Iriah Kings-ao waa Miko M'Cool. John L. Sullivan Is proud of Hibornian blood; Jim Corbett'a fathor oame over at an early ago. Jack Dompsoy, Jaok M'Auliffo and Peter Maher are all Irish, and Dempaey waa born at tbe Curragb of Kildnro, a famous Irish fighting gronnd. Charley Mitchell, Kngland a champion, baa an Iriah father — so haa Jake Kilrain, while Donrer Ed. Smith ia ' Iriabmon are a peculiar race, anyhow. They fight alt tho battloa of tbe world oxoept thoir own. I heard it New York olubman read over a Hat of the Irishmen commanding Chinoao and Japaneae troopa In the Eastern war, and at least half of the European officers boro Iriah nainea. ' Tha Ango-Haxon fighting itook, however, compares favorably with the Irish— witnaaa Tom Hyer in America and Tom Sayors In England. Billy Smith, the welter-weight, ia an exoellent aimplo ;of the Anglo- Saxon bread. '??.-; ' Frenoh nod flermaV boxera wero for marly rare blrda, an idoa prevailing that the Gaul and Teuton laoked sUtnlna for pnnlnb. ?ant, Bill/ Mjret, Jaok Everhardt, and Owea Zioglor, liowovor, can vouch for Gorman oourugo, and Goorgo Larigim, Goorgo La Blanche, Joo Bortruud aro speciraona of fight ing Frenchman. 'Tho uogro has como to tho front moro rapidly of luto years than any other raoe, and Potor Jaoknon. Fnuik Craig, 'tho Harlom Coffoo Ooolor,' Joo Waloott, mid Goorgu Dixou testify to tbo African's skill and gamo nons in tho ring. Australians hold a foremost rank in tho contests of tho prosont day, hut most of tho Australian lighters, llko Joo Goddard, Dan Croodon and Frank Slavin— aro of Irish parentage. My father iw Irish and my mother English, making mo a mixture of tho two groat fighting rooen and of tho aamo origin as Charley Mitchell.'1 JEBIIY HABSHALL nonniH to have struok a stroak of bad luck. He has made his headquarters at Pittsburg for some months past, and the authorities of that place aro making things decidedly un comfortable for the members of the bruising fraternity. Thoy are arresting them for vagranoy, and a news despatch sayu tbat poor Jerry has been put iu gaol AS AN EXAMPLE TO OTIIEKS to loavo town. I don't aupposo they willkoop him in durance vilo for any length of timo, and it goes without aaying that junt as soon as Jerry sniffs tha breezun of fr.wdom agaiu ho will shako tho coaldust of Pittsburg from his feet. I should think that Chicago would bo- a good place for Jorry, now that limited goca are abont to flourish In that oity. Ike O'Noil Weir, tho Belfast Spidor, has nnnounood his rutiremont from tbo ring, and relates tho following talo of woo — 'For over five months I have had a forfeit np with Captain A. W. Cook, of Cincinnati, to support a challengo issuod to any foather woight in the world, but havo found no takors. In my \vlto\o direct* I hdvo imtb but ono nufont, and that was by Billy Murphy, of Australia. George Dixon now has tho trophy, but he did not light for it. Ho oould not best George Siddons, and I broko his jaw in elovan rounds. The Kentucky Eosebud knocked Dixon out, aud I bested the Rosebud in two roaeds. Dixou claims tho Feathor-woijtht Champion ship. What nonsonco 1 Now, I have become disgusted with snub ' flghtors,' and as I havo boon offered the position of colloctor for a large Boston browory at a salary of lOOdnl. and expenses, together with tho uso of horge and carriage, I havo deoided to retiro from tho ring.1' 1 notice that tho Spider doesn't say any thing concerning the gruelling Griffo gave him iii Chicago, when the police took a band. If that didn't constitute a defeat it went pretty near it, I should judgo. - Soino of tho very latest oxohanges to hand indicate-that GrifTo is putting on big licks at hie '.training quarters at Coney Island. A - correapoudont writing from the' island under date January 3, saya: — 'Griffo, the eccentric 'feather,' has nrrivod at Coney Island, and tho good work of pulling off tho Seaside's punohing carnival dun now go smoothly on. This atop of the Anati-uliuu assures tbe wbll-wishers' of tha game that ho intends to prepare liimsoli for his twonfy-fivo rounds contest with Goorga Dixou, and if ho gets himself into any kind of fair condition the match will bo well. worth a journey to the stsiBbore, even if the thermometer is at ita worst. '-.-'' ' ??.;??? ' Griffo, aB usual, selected Stnbonbord's Hotol as bis training quarters, and, consider ing all the talk that bus been going the rounds about his flabby condition, ho looks oxceod iugly well. Indeed, I wait somewhat sur prised when I met him and his trainer, Miok Dunn, in earnest work on the road yentorday 'Tho pair were just returning from a long run up the Boulevard, uud tbo first words that greeted ino when I hailed tho pair woro: ? Well, you bleeder, what do you think of the ' feather' now? I shan't do a thing to tho colorod chap when wo moot^ Oh,, no. I'm paingovertothehighouaoyonderjusttolcthim play tag with inc. I don't think. How long do I think tho fight will last? Well, I don't liko to give away stable soorots, but between yon, Mioky and I, the exorcise won't last over ton or- twolvo ' rounds, , and you can' bot a ' Paris' I will got; all the dongh., I've stopped drinking, don't ye know, and Hi don't intend touching tho good hold stuff nntil after tho ball is hover.' 'Dunn says that Griffo will Btiok. to, his word this time, and will train faithfnlly. 'He has Gfteon days to get into coudition,'' said Micky, ' and bo can do it easily iu that timo; for whon he makes np hia mind to do a tiling you. can dopond npon it that he will carry out hia word.. 1 havo ovory reason to believe tbat Griffo is on tho level this trip.' Dnnn ia killing two birds with tho sumo rook by getting himsolf in sbapo for his bout with Frod Woods, which will come off on tbo night previous to tho Dixon-Griffo battlo, and will ho ono of the preliminary battles to tho Dompscy-Byau fight. ' I had nearly forgotten to mention that among tho October escapades attributed to Griffo before going into training was onu ot A BAE-l£00M QUAKKEt TflTH TOST O'KOUBKE. I havo just looked up tho clipping, which is from a Now York pupor of December 20. It Buys: — ... ?-.-. ' Young Griffo and Tom O'Rourke, Goorgo Dixon's manager, oamo to, blowB .in., an Eighth-street saloon yestorday, and bnt for thb interference of friends thoro might have been a tragedy. Tho troublo beguii when Griffo went on tho ? Btaco at tho Lycouin Theatre, where Dixon is boxing, and tried to mako a match with Dixon. ? In' the saloon; later, O'Rourko ohargod Griffo. with wanting to quit iu tho fourteenth round of his fight with Dixon at Boston. The lie. was passed, and O'Eourko hit'Giffo.in the faoo,.in roturn for which Diioii'b innnagor received a vory dangerous kick from one of Griffo's friends. Thoro tho fight wbb stopped.'' In commenting on Griffo's doingB tho Now York Would of a recent dato says :— ' Griffo's rocont ontios iu this oity havo called for more uotioo than should havo been wasted upon either hisdimiuutivo personality or hia exploits. Liko several other pngiliats of greater pbysiquo and more rouown, he seems to bo possessed of tho idoa that wbero ho goes it should bo distinctly understood that Griffo is prosont. Thus far the marks of bin abuse havo been fellow-pugilists, mostly at a disadvantage or prevented from retaliating by tho Australian's rotinno. Somo day tho ruffianly outbreaks may ocour, as did one of tho great Sullivan prankB, in tho proaonoe of, a suiull head waitor or an attendant hi a' pnblio place, whore quiot and decency aro: respected. Liko Sullivan, ho may bo taught a lesson in mannors at tha oxponse of a damaged optio or nasal organ, caused by eomo' suoh porsou who really doesn't discriminate botween a pugilist or any other sort of rowdy.' ? . - Should Griffo bo fucoobriuI in hia go with Diion ho will fiiid Horaco %Looda, who is lookod upon as the coining light-weight cham pion, waiting for him. Leeds' buokor ban issued tho following :— ..-.??? 'I am willing to back Loods against Griffo, oithor to a finish or for a number of rounds. If, at tho Urst- namod game, wo will ' light oithor undor London Prizo King or Marquis of Quoeusborry rules, and, if Griffo is afraid thut tho mill cannot bo pulled off, I will guai-aritoo him protooliou, and it shall be fought within 160 miloe of Philadelphia. If ho does not want that kind of a go, we will light him a limitod nnmbor of rounds, and, if he stays 10 rounds, wo will givo him the purse, to sav nothing of his being outpointed. Wo aro thoroughly in ournost about this matter, and, if ho will only make hia inten tions known, we will accommodate him at any time and placo he may name.' PETEB MAHER oxproiees himself aa anxious to got on a match with Petor Juokson. He says that one of tho Coney Island olubs will givo a decont purso for a 10, IS or 25-rouud go, and that he will bo roady wuouovor Potor iB. Now, it may bo that if Potor returns to this country soon ha will pay more attontiou to the Irishman. As a mouoy-making propoaal bo oortuinly ought to. But tho vory latest from England is to the effect that Peter haa grown tirod of tho smarts of tho ' Coffoo Cooler ' and his boosters, and has consoutcd to moet C»ig for SOOOdol asldo, cablegram to-ni«ht, and I hardly kuow what to think of it. If it ia truo, of ooume it moans that Petor will remain in England 0. while. Prior to Jorry Marshall'a arroBt in Pitta burg ho had a skin glovo fight with Jerry Sullivan, of Boaton. It took place on New Year'a Eve. Thia ia tho only acoount of this affair I have soen r— * 'At 2 o'olook yostorday morning Jorry Marshall, Champion Foathor-woight of Aus tralia, and Jorry 8ullivan, of Boston, met in a room noar City Hall, Pittaburcr, and fought with akin glovoa for ISOdol. Marshall is tbe man who was to fight Dixon for the World's Championship, and from the atart it Was evi dent that a ioh had boon pnt up on Sullivan. Manhall'a backer was roferoe. 'The contest was to hare laated but four ronnda, bnt Sullivan jumped in and knocked down his opponent twioo in tbat time, Tbe reforoe, to aave bia money, ordered two more rounda, bnt Maraball waa downed wain. After a, aoventh round the Sullivan p«rpl«ti- fusod to allow thoir man to fight any longer, Tho roferoo tbon gave tho figh't to Marshall. Sullivan to-night oballougod Marshall to a finish fight.' I can t understand tho poor showing Jorry is making in this country. It was bad enough whon ho was bowled ovor by Lavigne (although Lavigno has since proved himaelf ft world-beater), but the idoa of CBOOKED WOBK having to bo resorted to to save him from a comparative unknown liko Jorry Sullivan ia something I can't get ovor. Tho latest I hoar about Jorry is that ho liaa left PitUburg for parts unknown, and that tho authorities of the smoky city are making strong efforts to aacortaln his whereaboaU. Tho Nmva Item says : ' Marshall was out on bail, aud if ho dooa not turn up in Pittaburg within a reasonable time his boudamon will bo out SOOdol.' Some of Jim Corbett's newnptpor friondn aro taking. John L. Sullivan to task for hia uttoranoim about tbo Corbett- Fitzsimmona matoh. John L., I beliove, expreaaed a hopo that Fits, would win, saying that Corbott never hud any heart, and that one good punch would make him jump out of tho ring. One of Corbott's dofondera .vritoa :— ' Lot mo tell Mr. Sullivan thut a good many people who woro formorly his warm admirera havo ivondored how it was ungsiblo for a knockod-out man to got np on his foet within five miuuton after reoeiving hia quietus, as he did in Now Orloans, and mako such a logical, coherent spcoch aa ho did on that oacasion. Not only that, but thoy wonder how ho could cross tho ring and repeat that speech word for word, for tbo bonoUtof tbo spectators sitting on that siduof the arona. if ho was inarattlod condition. This speech, by tho way, was tho manliest Sullivan ever mado. It would have boen well for him if ho had stuck to it, and not afterwards triod to excune his defoat bv intimating that bis own friends had dosod him in the interests of ganibleru. I repeat, many of his old friends have wondered how bo could mako suob a speech under tho circumstances, and many to this day believe that, soiling that he had at last met his conqueror, he took tbe oarlieat opportunity possible to go down in a heap, sham tomporary iusonsibility, and bo escano further punishment. '1 havo novor juried him that harnhly. After his second round with Corbett, Sullivan returned to his oorner ami, ill a voioe tromn lous with dismay, said to Jack M'Auliffo : 'I can't hit. him.'. M'Auliffo's reply waa : 'Go and pin the Pompadour dude into a corner and hammer Hades out af biin.or.p.iople will think you aro afraid of him.' Sullivan triod hia best to oboy this udviae', bnt he couldn't, becnime Corbott was too quick on hi* feet for him. Ho nearly had him 'pinned in tho corner' iu the fifth round, but Jim extricated hiinaolf by smashing him on the noso. and waa out and away.boforo he oould begin his hammering. Theu it was that Sullivan saw that his jigwaa up, and that ho was up against certain defeat, and tbcn.it waa, I bolievo, that he began to think out hia manly spend). Ho knew that the public would expnot him to say something, aud what be thought and Raid was tho best exonBe possible. ' M havo fought' once too ofton,' was a- sorrowful,- houiwt confession. 'I am glad that my successor is an American' 'had tho truo ring of patriotism in it. What a pity that his subsequent conduct and speeches should mar this (troatest of all lingniatic offorta!' ... Amongst tlio Pcils. There is rejoicing in amateur nthletiijoirulas in Nhiv York because tho London Athletio Club' has accepted au invitation from the New York Atliletio Club, and will send a team of athletes to', this side toongugo in nn Inter national competition It is expected that the competition will not take place until next September at Travors' Island.. The, visitors will have considerable to. Bay in tbo. matter of solooting ovontB. Tho events, which- tho New York Athlotic Club men think will bo :— 100yds dash, quarter-mile run, 120yds dash, half-mile rnn, one mile run, 120yds hurdle rano, fivo mile run, running broad jump, run ning high* '-jump,, patting the 161b Bbot, and throwing the 101b hammer. ' , Tho New York's ? team will ? be composed -entirely of members of tho olub. Almost every man who,, will iwoar the Morcury foot against the forolgnora ia a representative American champion athlete in his particular lino. ... ?;: .' -. . : Tho Now York's tc-am will probably bo made np of the following 'noted athletes :— Tommy Lee and E. W. Allen in the 100yds dasb. Lee is tbo Amcrioun and Canadian ohampion 100yds runner. , His time for tho diatonoe is 10«eo. Allen's time ia 10 1-fiaeo. J. B. Smhll and Tommy Leo will start in the 220yds dash. Loo alao holds tho American and' Canadian obampionships for this distance. His best timo is 22 1-Sseo. Small's record is 22 3-5*oo. . Ei.W. Allen and.Qeorge Sands may race in the quarter-mile run. Allen la the excham pion qnarter-mile ruunor of tho world. His best timo for the distance is 50aec. Sand's best rocord Is Slaeo. George W. Orton and G. 0. Jarvis -wiil strugglo with the Britishers in tbe ono mile run.-.;. .., ?:. ;- ? .. -.._ ? : .. ? ? Orton in tho American and Canadian cham pion 'at this Rauio, while JarviB ia the1 inter collegiate champion. Orton'a best time iB 4uiin 21 1-Saoo, irhilo -Jarvia* beat time is 8bbo slower. ?'?????' .'-????? Stephen Cboao and E. H. Cady vffll run tu the 120yds- hurdle race.- Chaao holds the Amoric'uu/ Canadian; and . inter-collogiato championships. '., He holds the world's record for tho distance. ' Cudy'a timo is lOeeo. , In -the' running higji jump tbeNo-v York's candidates will bo W. N. Harrison and C. Burke. Neither isaworld-boator. Each man has a record of 5ft 9in. L. P. Sheldon aud Stephen Cha8o will start in, the running broad jump. Sheldon's record is 22ft Bin. Chaso's best jump is 21ft 8in. In the weigh t-tbrowinir ovonts the New Yorks will bo particularly strong, with James S. Mitohollund Georpo Gray as their representa tives. Mitcholl and Gray hold many ohatn pionahipB, and their beat throws and pate are world'a records. Turfltoma. Thoro are so many Australian horsemen and so many Auatralian horaea over thia aide now that a littlo gossip anent their doinga muat surely bo of interoat to Eof readers, thorefore, hero goes: — Australians will bo pleased to learn that BITS. MODUED heads tho liat of winning stallions of Amorioa .for 1891. His got bavo won uo loss than 115,000dol, which is a wonderful showing, con sidering that fow of the big stakos of tho season wore capturod by Sir Modred's. The son of Traducor and Idalium is now generally regarded as tho groutost siro in America. All of bia progeny can race, and thero are fow Sir Modred maidens. ConuoisBour, ono of tho best two-year-olds, and Dorian, ono of tho host tbroo- yoar-olda of 1894, woro both by Sir Mqdrod. To show what raoiiuy-tvinnera the Sir Modreda are, it will bo ouly neoosaary to state that hia got havo won over half a million dollars on tho Amorican turf. ? s ... .'? r. . CHEVIOT stands woll on tho list this year on aocount of the victory of Royal Santa Anita in tho Amorioau Derby, tho big threo-yoar-old event of tho season.. - ' - DABEBI.V haa had a fair poroontago of winners, Waltzer, oho of tho boHt two- year-olds of the year, being by that Biro. » Empire, an Australian oaat-off , by Chester — Quoenof- Nations, has won two raooa during tho past weak at the Bay District track. Uo went to the post at 12 to 1 in hia last race, aud boat a very fair field of sprinters, including Ahi P, a ono to two favorite He waa pur obased last yoar from B. do Lopei for 165dol. W. Sparling, an Australian, ia training tbe hornn. The doath of Maxim ia regarded aa a great loss to tho broediug iutereata of America, es pecially aa ouo of the moat promising two yoar-olde of tho presont year ia a filly by Maxim, owned by tbo great racing magnato Dwyor. Thoro aro no leas than 17 Australian atal Dan Hulliday is'training Stron.boli, but it ia doubtful whether ha will ever got the boras to race again. He waa aeverely used in hia Eastern campaign. Cliovedon, the borao brought to America by thn late laraontod C. Brnoe Lowo, ia to stand tho season at tho Morriwa Stook Farm. E. J. Baldwin, the owner of the Santa Anita brooding farm, whioh ia next to Kaucbo del Paso in aizo, recently pnrohaaod the Australian stallion Choaterfiold from Dr. Bowbill. Doncaster, the Auatralian atallion recently purchased by a Britiab Colnmbia party, ia now atabled in San FranolBoo. There ia some talk of raoing him in tbe noar future. Chris. Moore, who rode Tho Harvester to viotory in the Victorian Derby, i» nojourulng in tbls oity. If Tarooola and other horaea arrive on the next ateamar, u expeoted, Moore may bo aaen In tbe aaddle in America. Moore haa made many new frienda alnoe hia arrival. Ono of tho beat ateepleabue jookeya at the meoting of the California Jockey Club waa Alf. Stanford, a young Colonial who came orar bore a conplo of y«»ra ago to tide for the Bante- Anita stable, — W. Wt Nacoktow. 