LATESTl>ABTJCUl,AR5.;:: . Sydney/September 3. The complete nature pi the. evidenoe oolleoted by the police' relative to ihflL oase : pf Jessie Nioholls has quite satisfied the: public that th'ojie who were concerned in her death are likely to be brought to task. Sympathy is.extended to the girl's mother, Mrs.' Nioholls, who directly' after her "daughter : left her' home spent the, 'rest of the week in endeavouring to - trace her whereabouts. She had a presenti ment that, her daughter intended, to place herself in the hands of a quack or an unscrupulous medidal man _with the view. of undergoing an operation, and followed her to a relative's' - house in Paddington, whence, ; however, her daughter had departed for 26, Elizabeth street, before her arrival,' Further information collected by the detectives discloses that this was not the first attempt made by the girl to. hide her trouble. Two months sinoe. she placed herself under the care of an advertising specialist in Sydney, and returned home with a lot of medicine. Later on letters were written to her to again visit Sydney and place herself in other hands. The polioe are satisfied that she went to one establishment on Tuesday week without success, and subsequently ' re turned home after finally arranging' to visit Sheridan's houBe. Should letter? which were written to her be in existence it is expeoted that they will implicate several people who have not so far felt the weight of suspicion resting on them. One missing link which the police wished to. be supplied was furnished to-day. Jt had relation to the horse and buggy used to take away the case con taining the girl's body from No. 26, Elizabeth - street. To-day that mystery was cleared up, for an employe! at Coffil's livery stables, Castlereagh street, identified Sheridan as the man who hired the buggy from the etahles on Sunday night. He added that at Sheri dan's request the turnout was driven to the house, loft there, and returned by Sheridan to the stables .at about 10 o'clock the same night. Another interesting gap waB filled to day. The policB had traced the oase in which the body was paoked to Cowan Brothers' warehouse, and had there learnt that it was sold on Satur day for Is. 6d. to a labouring man who had carried it away. Sewell, who lived at 26, Klizabeth-street, with Chapman the caretaker, was this morning identified by a man named Herbert, employed by the firm, as being the person who bought the case. On hearing this Sewell owned up that not only hud he made the puroha&e;, but that he helped Sheridan to place the case in the buggy on Sunday evening. This, however, was only a prelude to more important state ments, for when the four accused, ThomaB, Sheridan, Sewell, and the woman Chapman were taken to the morgue to view the body Sewell united with Chapman in declaring that it was that of a woman who had been admitted in the house and. died there. On the other hand, however, both Thomas and Sheridan stoutly maintained that they had nover seen the woman on any pre vious occasion. Mrs. Nicholls is at present stopping at a friend's houBe in Paddington, aud is so completely prostrated with grief and anxiety that fears are entertained about her. Her daughter Jessie was one of a large family, all of whom not only sympathized with her in her shame but hold her in the deepest affection. It is also asserted that her lover accompanied Mrs. NichollB to Sydney with the objeot of inducing the girl to marry him and of braving the resentment of his' wealthy relatives, who were averse to the alliance. At the Water Polioe Cofert to-day the four accused were charged, Sheridan with murdering Jessie Nicholls, Thomas, alias Edwards, with being concerned in the murder, and Chapman and Sewell with being accessories after the fact. The case, on the application of the police, was adjourned for a week, bail being granted to ThomaB and Chapman. Sheridan is a well-known charaoter at Paddiugton, where he consorted with a number of young fellows who thought he was Rood sport. It is bolieved that it was due to their influence that he was led at the general election of 1804 to offer himself as a candidate for the Padding ton Electorate, but finally seeing that lie had not the ghost of a chance of being supported by the Protectionist electors he withdrew- At that time he carried on business in Paddington as a ohemist. f Later.] Late this evening further facts tran spired that disclose that the un fortunate girl, instead of being assisted in her time of trouble with some degree of skill, was handled by two - medical bunglers, who apparently operated on her with no semblance of surgical ability. Quite a new incident has been the disclosure that the opera tion in the first instance took place in a house at Paddington on Thursday, 'and not at the Institute as previously sur mised. On arrival at the Institute the girl was in a state of collapse, and then the final incision was made from the effects of which she died. Dr. Bennie, the Government Patho logist, who has made a close examination of the body, states that he found that the roughest treatment had been resorted to. A medical student was also present, and advised at these operations, and immediately after death he is said to have left the place and has not s^noo boeii is almost certain: that the [present :charge pgjtiStii} eome^pf. JtM: ;iatitijs|a slterisdio tnd^fa^syermfttiirei* ^ 