THE FUNERAL OF PATSY O'HARE. By WILLIAM UREBUCK. Author of 'Dome,' 'St. Margaret.? 'Stories of Citv Life,' ?? Sweetheart Gwen,' 4c ' You're aoon back,' said Tim Hoolan, as Terry O'Brien approached a group of three at a street comer. ' And how is Patsy !' ' Snre boyB,' answered Teddy alowly, ' it's how he will be. Patsy's dyin' ' (the group got closer). 'Dyin'. The porter toold me. It's carried out of the hosspital he'll be. Soment should be done.' ' That's jost what I've been sayin', Terry,' said Tim Hoolan. 'It is, 'confirmed Michael Magrath. ' Aye, aye,' followed Dan O'ConnelL 'And to begin with,' said Terry O'Brien, ' it's a poor look one if one of his pals can't see him off jnst because he's in the hosspitai aad not in his own bed. Oeb, I'd go back myself this minft only for this week's scrub on. n chin, for I'd like to go dacent. Has anny of yez a barber's penny on ye ?' They all looked at Dan O'ConnelL the only man that was in work. He handed a peony to Terry, and Terry went for hiB Bhave. Now there was only one question on tbe mind* of all of them. How was Patsy O'Hare to be boned} He was not in a dab, he had been out of work for weeks, he owned nothing but his clothes, and he was in debt with Mrs. Burke for lodgings. AH of the men thought of ' the parish,' but none of them referred to it, because any gi\en one of them in Patsy's place vould have felt meanly deserted if he knew that ' the workhonse box ' would come for him at tbe dose. . Moreover every man of them was a coffin maker— and surely, between them, they could fit op Patsy O'Hare, That feeling was ?namiMw^ but tbe only Mamn who was not enthusiastic was Dan CConnen, the only man of them who was in work, for be could see that when the crisis oiue it woold fallhard upon him. Neverthe less the sentiment was unanimous, and when Terry O'Brien came from the barber's with a face like an egg compared with what it was; be was deputed to go and see the last of poor Patsy. 'Siure, Vm going very empty- handed,' T-''-'* Terxy. 'A bit of an orange in aae pockut would shew we badn' forgot him.' And they all again looked at die only man in work. . Dan'a face twitched, bat he delivered np Another coin. Terry went to the hospitsL He found Patsy too in to lift his hand from the quilt, and Terry took hold of the wrist and quietly (tressed it. While be was doing so, his other band drew the orange from his tail-pocket and «lyly delivered it on the little bible by the tied. The nurse caught Terry's eye, and Bhook her iwil mBanittff— 'No use; no use— too late ; too late.' 'Oh, Patsy, lad,' muttered Terry, gently sfludring the wrist. 'I didn't know ye was yaite like this.' Patsy managed to put his other hand on 'Berry's ; but he could not apeak. The lips snoved but witiiont a sound. 'Don't trouble, me boy,' urged Terry. 'Don't trouble. . . Don't trouble about ?anything. . . . It'll be all right . . KeepaUy. . . Don't be frettin'.' 'It's— it's Mrs. Burke that dean-res me bits of clothes, Terry boy.' 'Och, well see her righted; well see iv'rythingrighted. lVrything. Don't trouble. Me and tbe boys hare had it over.' Patsy's gratef al eyes looked np, then with *d effort he asked— ' But who's worldn' ?' ' Iv'ry man of us! Me, Tim Hoolan, Michael and Dan O'ConnelL Iv'ry man of os ; so be aisy, be aisy, me boy.' Patsy was faint. He let go of Terry's hand and Terry turned from the bed to sit on a chair that the nurse had placed for him. Seated, Terry was about to speak to Patsy, but the nurse touched his shoulder. Terry looked at her. She was looking at Patsy. She muttered something, Terry looked where ehe was looking, at Patay'e face, and beheld * change that caused 'him to rise; but the nurse held him back with her finger-tips. ' Poor fellow ! God's mercy on him !' muttered Terry. A sigh came from Patsy, and he was gone. That afternoon, while Dan O'Connell was at wort, there mi a consultation between Terry O'Brien, Tim Hoolan, and Michael Magrath. They euthusiasdcaUy decided to do Patsy honour. He was to be brought home, he was to be ' waked,** and pay for it who might he was to be Lurried in decency and comfort. The first difficulty na die coffin. They hadn't a foot of wood between diem ; none of them were in shops where it uncut have been 'arranged ;' none of them had money ; and diey all thought of Dan. They all knew Dan's shop, they all knew there was a back passage, a handy big window on tbe second lloor. Surely couldn't he slip one or two of them in that very night ? With Tim Hoolan at the sides, Terry O'Brien at tbe lid, Dan himwlf at the bottom and ends, and Michael Magrath to keep watch by the passage and to give ' die whistle ' to drop the light when the policeman came bis round — faith, they'd lick it into shape in no time. 'If Dan only likes, he can manage it,' said Tim Hoolan. ' Whether he likes it or not mil like it, and do it ;' replied Terry, a sentiment that easily went the round. Late that night, Terry, Tim, and Dan O'Connell invaded die workshop. Tim got at the sides, Terry at the lid, and Dan at the bottom and ends. 'And, now, boys,' whispered Terry, 'put all your brains into your *™nd« snd slave as if like taggers, and good work,* too, while ye're at it. What's that you're cuttin', Dan ? It sounds like deal, a* soft as putty. Och 1 don't be stingy, sisin' the wood isn' yer own-; give Patsy a length of good brown oak to lie on. If anny map knows a good coffin,' he does ; and let him have it. IT1 give him as pretty a piece of wood in the lid as anny corpse had to Ink at if it liked to open its eyes to see what sort of furniture it was in. And what are yez hammerin' at, Tim, givin' tbe audible alarm like that to army set of ears that may be welkin' the passage for a sound ! Have yez niver heard of screws? Do Patsy the honour of screws, and don't knock up his last little house wU workhouse nails. Whisht 1' ' Mike's whistle,' «aid Dan. Down went the light, and the three men stood iM'-minfl in tbe dark. They heard the tramp of feet down tbe passage beneath the windows. ' Boys,' whispered Terry, ' do yez mind if Mike moved the ladder!' None of diem knew. A policeman's whisde bussed. ' Och ! he's on us ; faea on us !' murmured Dan. ' I believe we're lost.' ' Ye mane found,' said Tim. 'It's no joke, at anny rate,' said Dan, ' me taken in me own shop. Heaven ! what's tiiat!' ' It's die inspector's little stick playin' a chone on the pavement,' said Terry. ' We're surronnded !' moaned Dm. ' Ah, don't be mn^pin' vourself into trans portation for life; if 'this blissid Blue Pebsr shews this way well surround him, an' with wood ; well coffin him, an' in one of those riddy-made dale ones standin' there like mummies.' 'Order'.' cried Dan. 'There's Mike's whistle agin.' ' Faith, it is,' said Terry, 'an' it sounds red : it manes danger this time. Hold hard ! Stiddy, boys ! Stiddy ! Don't be brathin' like a bull, Dan, or the man that's after us will be hearin' die shavens that you're makin' dance on the floor wid your brith. Stiddy ! Stiddy !' 'But what are t/oa after on the floor?' called Tim to Terry. ..' Sure, I'm gittin' into safety. ' I'm snug in a five-foot- aixer. Come, Tim, and put the lid on me loose, and if that gintleman comes m lave yez all to yer chances — to die coffins if ye have anny sinsu. There's plenty of 'em, boys ; get in 'em an' make yourselves at home. Whisht ! Och '. safe agin. There's Mike's double whistle. Up with the light, boys, an' get at Patsy's wooden suit like die snips for corpses as ye are.' The lights were turned np just as Terry O'Brien was m«fcjng what he called 'a resurrection ' out of a coffin by die wall. They got to work again, like thieves that they were in the dead of the night, and at last Patsy's coffin was done. But when they were all ready to move with it, Michael Magrath did not answer their call and there was bo ladder at die window. They whisded, bat he did not come. ' Faith,' said Terry O'Brien, ' we can't be caught here like rats in a trap ; here's a mighty long rope diat Dan's master has been good enough to lave us, sure ; I'll get into die coffin, you boys can lower me down, an' 111 find die ladder. But be as gentle wid me, boys, as if ye was lowering me down to me grave.' That was done, bat diere was no ladder to be found. ' Well ! this is a trick ! Hoist np tbe blissid box again and do as I did wid your selves, and let us be off.' D*n and Tim, however, fought as to who should be first. ?' Hould your noise,'growled Terry ; 'did two sons of Adam iver fight to get into a coffin before ? Come down one of ye at a time an' let us be oft Holy Mother, there's die inspector playin' his stick again — send down die lift. Quick, boys, quick ! Ah, come down me lovely. Bight we are, boys, pull ! Pull me out of die reach of the blue divil diat*s pokin' his stick for me in die next street. Gendy, gendy, now ; pull me into die window of hiven like the angels as ye are. Bight again. Faith, there's the other bine fellow playin' a solo on his little cornet.' ' Where's Mike, I wonder 7' said Dan. 'I don't know,' said Terry. 'The spot got too hot for him, an' he's run like snow off a roof.' ' Caught, think ye T' asked Dm. 'An' if he is, he won't be tremblin' like you in yoar leathers. Hould yer tongue iu with your hand, or faith, it'll drop clane out an' shout all over die floor wid fright, an' betray us. An' what's to do wid yer teeth, doin' a step dance with each other, like that ? Put one jaw on the other to keep themselves comp'ny if they're afraid to be apart in a hid that has no brains. Hallo ! That's good music. ~T-ia»Tip boys.' The inspector's stick was heard a greater distance away ; they allowed die policeman time to pass on his rouod once more, and dien the operations for escape were begun again. Terry was lowered first. 'Now that I think of it, boys,' said be from the passage, ' it's little use hoistin' die box up twice while ye can tie the rope u- a bench leg and slide down like a couple of monkeys down a stick. Bat moDkeys or men be quick wid yez or the stars will be givin' the wink to die man with the whistle. Och, Dan, I didn't mane that, quick, ye didn't give me a chance to Be? how you'd look whin ye're hung. Notv Tim, boy, you and Dan carry the box an' I'll carry the arRuraints.' Tim and Dan shouldered the coffin and Terry walked at the Bide. ' Don't hurry, pals,' said Terry. ' We're not stalin'. Hav'n we been workiog overtime for a rushed order for the mornin'! Don't hurry. Take it aisy like honest men or the viry legs that ye want to take yez dane away, will betray yez. Din, Don, aisy does it. Your legs are playiu' the thief, while Tim's here has a respectable aiziness that must be desavin* himselifor his-fiuso fc like a solemn widower's, taldn' home die coffin for his wife, while year's, faith is like his did wife's corpse I'm astonished Dan, I thought ye had Suck!' .... 'H»Uo- hullo 'sure that's a sentry be the lamp there. Stiddy boys. Don't shy. Dan. Eyes front step aisy, right, lift, right, lift, an' lave the talk to A rjoliceman by a lamp eyed dieir approach. ' A fine mornin' braidn1, policeman,' said '''it is— bat what have you got diere! ^Sore, we wOI ; stop boys. Now ye see what it is ; faith ye know it ; diere s only the one shape whin yez come to diat, an' it s hard it is when a man has to carry it home for his 'But this is a strange time to be taking it °'So it is, so it sir; but it's not Bfjanger than black small-pox diat carried her off, poor sowL (the officer conghed and moved away) and as ye know yerself there's no tune to lose ? ' ' All right,' said die officer, Btitt moving. ' For the strick regOations about the likes of that — ' 'All— right!' ' Move on, boys,' said Terry, and they soon reached Patsy's street in safety. ' Och, now that I tliinb of it, what a miss ! exclaimed Terry. ' We niver tould Mother Burke what we'vebeen after; shewontknow abont Patsy.' ' Now, that awkward,' said Dan. 'It is,' said Tim. 'But we can't sit on it outside until rnomin',' said Terry, picking np some gravel and throwing it at the second-storey window, and knocking at die door. Mrs. Burke's wrapped-up head shortly appealed out of the window. ?? Who's diat ?' she cried, only half awake. 'There's tour of us,' answered Teiry, 'diree of flesh and blood and one of wood. Come down. Mother Burke and let us in.' ' What's diat ye're got, Terry ?' ' Sure you ought to know it ; it's your own coffin. Ke're dead, ye're only dramin' ye're livin' ; send down yer ghost to open the door, or Til come up the bricks an' kill ye agen, I wflL' Mother Burke soon let them in, and taking it for granted that 'poor- Patsy who had gone ' was inside, she fell across the coffin, wading lamentations, and in one of ber many soliloquies she wondered, ' who'd be at, the payinfof the darlin' boy's debts '—and Tim and Terry looked at Dan. The coffin was taken into die nearest room, and Terry, Tim, and Dan hastened to die door. 'What's yer hurry!' asked Mrs. Burke. ' Isn't it almost time to be goin' to work ?' answered Terry. ' Haven't we to am someut to bury him, to say nothin' of die wake which 11 be die night of this same day. I know yez loved Patsy, Mother Burke; I know yez did ; like a mother of a son yez did ; an' it's manny a ahtlliw' he paid ye, an' manny a New Year's drop he bought ye — git abotde of 0.1. in, Mother Burke; we'U nee ye paid for it, eh, Dan? But it's time for us, boys, to be out at work. Now Dan, now Tim, come on, come on ; let Mother Barke have her sleep out or she'll be all of a blink to-night whendieearviceison,en' it's a wakin' wake and not a sleepin' wake that we want. Hnrroo ! Git out !' It was then half-past five, time for Dan 0*00101611 to be going to his shop. But Dan fought shy of it. He was afraid. Suspicion would be certain to fall on him. ' Aye, if ye don't go,' said Terry, ' Go for the sake of Patsy's expinsis if for no other, for he's got to be buried. Me, Tim, and Mike will pay yez back. Go, Dan, lad, and don't spoil os all, for they'll be die candles, the bottle of Trial, and the like, to say nothin' of die jvm-»h an* the bit of ground. Now, Dan, be the dacent man for us ; well do die likes for you.' Dan, however, hadn't courage. He wonldn't go, and Terry and Tim almost ex The three men went to order the hearse for next day, for Uietr feeling was the sooner they got that coffin underground the better. But the funeral furnishers wanted a deposit. Terry was astounded. ' A depo it ;' said he. ' I niver heard of annydiing of that kind before. We don't soon as we've done wid 'em, an' if it comes to security, if that's what yo mane, there's the coffin an' the corpse that ye're welcome to if we don't pay ye. G've him the half-crown, Dan ; bat it's an insult. I'd like a resale, for there's litde trustin' people of bisniss as 'ad do die likes of that. Divil a forthin' more they'll get,' said Terry outside, ' an' now for the bit of leasehold,' he added, referring to the cemetery. Dan O'Coaaell did not want to go. 'Och! I'm ashamed of ye,' exclaimed Terry. ' Ye don't desarve the big an' honoured name that's racked to yer rugs and bones. D*u O'Connell, indeed ! Did yer mother think ye'd bemane it ? It's a wonder the great Dan himself doesn't reach his hand oat of his grave at ye and shake the price of Paddy's last comfort out of yer pockuts. Ye're in cash, we're not ; make as even wid ye be a loan. Come on Dan, au1 be a bit of the great O'ConnelL'— And Dan went. Dun'ngtheday Mike MagraUi tamed np. He had been taken to the police station as a {suspicions character in die night, bat was discharged. At dunk, the four men shouldered the coffin to die hospital, poor Palsy was put in it, and conveyed Lome. He was placed on two chairs in the kitchen, one at the head and the other at the feet. That done, Terry O'Krien glanced aboit the place for the shape of a bottle, but he didn't see so much as a cork, and as a begiuning hej very tenderly asked Mrs. Barke if she had a conple of candles— for Patsy.' ' I haven't. What's to do widl the gas f' 'It's like yourself, a bit too mighty high. Who-iver heard of gas for a wake? I niver did, and niver will It's much too lively a flame for a death ; you want the lowly glimmer of a fardnn' rush — for the love of hiven. Dan, boy, putyour hand for as in yer pockutagen, seein' as Mrs. Burke is too mane to light Tatsy accordin' to the dead. Why the angels would think we were in competition with glory itself if we ' waked ' Patsy with all die full force of .the gas works at our back ; and for the sake of dacent humility, Dannel, bring us a couple of dips and well cut 'em into four — and now to speak plain, Mrs. Burke, what about the botde— dieO.I.— did ye attend to it ?' ' I did not.' ' Och, boys, here goes !' (And he took off his coat). 'Follow suit boys. Pat down yer gar mints, like men, and well club for it.' 'An' what abont clothes fcr the buryin'1' asked Tim Hoolan. 'Arra! well go in shirt sleeves 'if we've had whisky over-night, but we*U hardly go at^ all if we've had none. Luck find us in the mornin', it's honour for Patsy to-night. Come on now ! Iv'ry man with his coat !' called Terry, folding his, Tim's, and Mike's on the coffin. ' I'll keep mine on me back,' said Dan, ' but here's a shillin* for ye.' ' Hnrroo !' cried Terry, taking up die coin and the clothes. ' I'll be luck ill a crack.' 'He returned with his two candles, a botde of whisky ; and his own coat ou his back. ' An' sore, that's a trick !' said Tim. ' Why didn' you pawn yer own !' asked Mike. ' It was this way, boys. I felt chilly goin' an' I put it on. I was sore I'd be chilly comin' back, so I didn't take it off. But here's your bottled consolation, an' what more do ye warn? An' I've provided for the future, for I tould some of the neighbours as I wint along that if they'd bring their own whUky an' a drop or two over, they could come and join us. The glasses. Mother Burke ! Och, ye're quicker with diem than ye was wid die botde ; but ye're a lady, an' yell be first There's for yez. Now, Tim ; now, Mike ; now Dannel— and more work to ye. Up boys, an' blessed be to Patsy O'Hare. Oh, Patey O'Hare, Oh. Paay O*Hue. An' wby did je die lite a breath of tile air? We loved ye me boy. And tiie tear in the ere. Is crjin' * OS, Patsy. Oh, Palsy OBllf' There was a loud knock at the front door. ' Save us ! I thought it was Patsy at tbe lid,' said Terry. 'It's the neighbours alriddy. Luk at that. Open the door, Mother Bni ke, and let iv'ry soul that has its credentials with it in a glass case, walk inside ; the others can walk home. Ob, BUST O'Hare, Oh, Palsy O'Que, An' why did ye die like a breath of Uie air r In walked two policemen and Dan O'Connell's employer. 'An' what's this disturbance of honest folk kcepin' die dead company !' demanded Terry. ' What about this coffin ?' asked an officer, while Dan's master examined the wood. 'What about it? It's a good 'an,' said Terry. 'But is it paid for!' asked die second officer. 'And who turned yon into county court!' ' At any rate well tnrn you and your diree mates here into a police court. Do yon recognise It?' heasked Dan's master. ' I do. It's my wood. They made it on my premises. Here are die oak sharing!! that match it. I give die four of them in charge.' Mother Bnrke fell across die coffin with a great waiL ' Oh, Patsy, is it stolen wood ye have about ye ? Have pity on a poor. lone, innicent widdy, gentlemen. Oh, I didn't think Terry O'Brien, diat ye'd make me a victim of recavin' stolen gooda. Away widl die four of 'em, aa brazen a set of rogues as iver took advantage of a widdy's roof,' — and Terry, Mike, Tim and Dan were marched oft'. Next morning they each got three months. Terry, in the name of charity and justice, begged to be let oat on bail for the funeral ; even if they let him out in handcuffs he'd like to be there. But die appeal was not heeded and the four men were moved below, die sound of Terry O'Brien's voice coming up tlie well of die dock singing : 'Oh, Patsy O'Hare, Oh, Patey O'Hare, An' why did ye die like a breath of the air ? We loved ye u boy-. And Uie tear in Uie eve. Is cryin', 'Oh, Pass} : Oh, Patsy O'Hare.' ' Patsy O'Hare's funeral took place that afternoon. He was followed to the grave by Mother Burke, a dozen other women with shawls and aprons over their heads, about twice as many barefooted children, diree rag dolls, two disconsolate- looking mongrel terriers — and tbe undertaker for the balance of his account. [The Esd.] 