;Síew: - PnMications. , ; "The Nadrian," No. 8, vol. 1, 1894:' Edwards, Dunlop, and Company, Sydney. -This, the latest attempt at periodical literature in New South Wales, has for. its" subtitle the somewhat comprehensive ? one of the Australian and South African Quarterly Review. "Nadrian," being presumed to bc an expression not fami liar to the general ear, is explained in tho introduction to the hew publication as a synonym of Antipodean, the, difference" being .that the/latter is a geographical, . term, and the other an astronomical one. Whether it is thus suggested that thai" stars may be scaled' by-and-bye by those who wing their flight in connection with? the Nadrian we cannot say; but' any-, how the venture , is to bo wished everyp success. Many similar ones have, In deed, come to grief, but that, to be sure, need not discourage further efforts in the same direction. The opening contri bution is one by Major-General Owen, . R.A., "Recollections of the Zulu .War." There are several other articles, among which may be mentioned one by Mr. A. Galton, on the late Walter Pater,, best known to general rea ders by his romance of "Marius, tbe Epi curean," but regarded by many critics as one of the most accomplished of mod ern English essayists. Mr. Galton, seems to have a full measure enthusiasm for him. Tho other articles are of a varied nature, and range from music to modern theo- . logy. The review is well illustrated. "Cosmos," December, 1894. W. M. Mac lardy and Company, ; Sydney.--A sketch of the Premier, Mr. G. H. Reid, - accom panied by a picture, 'S the opening contri bution to the December number of "Cos mos." Mr. J. C. Neild writes on obstacles to Federation. Mr. Ernest Favenc has a short yarn of a humorous sort about an Austra- ^ lian country editor's experiences with ghosts;' There are several other, con- - tributions, several of which are in verse. "Our Alma Mater," edited by the Stu dents of St. Ignatius College, Riverview, Sydney. New series, No. 1. December, -1894.-The new issue oí this magazine, which has now become a bi-annual publi ; cation, reflects very great credit on its conductors, and furnishes much evidence as to the general excellence bf the men« tal discipline of which the students at Riverview-have the benefit. Many of the papers are very bright and readable. "Memoirs of Rosebank," a magazine of St. Mary's College, Rosebank, Five Dock, Sydney. No. 1, December, 1894.-The convent at Rosebank, though . but a -few years old, may pride itself on being fairly equal now to many other great educa tional establishments, in the special faci lities which it affords for the literary shooting of the young idea. In plainer, words, it has got a magazine of; its own,, and a very handsomely got up one, too. In its pages tome interesting glimpses are afforded of the course of studies, and the general training, religious and secular, of the young ladies who are entrusted to. the care of the Sisters of the Good Sama ritan. Several interesting illustrations of the college are given. ^ Wo have received from Mr. H. C Hus sen, Government Astronomer for rTe^i South Wales, a copy of a publication which gives the results of rain, river, and evaporation observations made under his direction in the colony during 1893. The various tables and records given iñ the publication are invaluable for refer ence, and those who take an interest in the rainfall and kindred matters will find much interesting information in the in troduction to the tablés. Maps and dia-.' grams accompany the volume. Theso show the average monthly rainfall for the years. previous to 1894, rainfall for ' 1893, monthly distribution of rain'for 1893, and heights of the westei-n rivers for the same year. The preparation of these maps must have -involved laborious cal- - culations, and they should prove specially;, useful as a condensed account of the cli mate' as it affects the products of the soil. . . - -- - ? -? - ?' ? - .. : -r 