THE GI1EAT CBICKBT MATCH. STRAY THOUGHTS. No. IT. [By Point.! Melbourne, March 6. Whatever may be the issue of this great game, and at the moment of writing it trembles in the balance, the Englishmen have uo reaaoa to be aahamed of the part they hava already played in the struggle. They weat ia againss a heavy score, for 414 '13 a heavy score though it may not ba a huafc cno, and actually gos to within 2!) of it. Threa or four error3 ia tbefisld gave them the odd 85 ruaa, but it is V6ryteldom that a miaui.'.lcL'dl20iike2vicLar6n did wichou& giving a chance or two. It ia a circumstance that tha threat stand ot the Eng lishmen's innings was made by tha oldest and the youairasB members of the team — Peel and McLaren. I doubo whether Peel in all hia thirteen j'ears' career ever played a more valuable innincs, and is was the more welcome to him bsuauca his last four innings ia the test matches realised 0 — 0 and 0—0. The gaauine hardworking little Yorkthireman eurely de served a favourable turn of Fortune's wheel. He made his score when rnns were wanted and when he w&nted; the runs. For once in a way George Giffea waa not able to get hioi iato his toils as quickly as usual. The way George t&cklea; these ieithsnders reminds oao of the batsies we read of bet'.veeu a cobra aad a panthtr. The oobra wiads itaeif round its viciiiia, which after a few frantic efforts to troupe gives up the ghost. This is often the way with Peel and Ford whea thby face George. The first ball at; them begins the coiling process, very soon they do not know how to combat the pressure put upon them, and the ecd invari ably oomQ3 with aomo weak stroke, aa taough the batsman were thoroughly insrs. Anyshiag more masterly thua MoLarea's batting cannot well ba imagined. For orisp neisa and neatness his strokes, whether thoy were lej? hits or wristy cover hits or fiaest of late cuts, were parfeotly executed. Aud he did nor, appear to the least advantage whea oa Monday our champion bowierset a trap for him. With a inau standing oa the point ct square leg, and aaothar no further away at silly mid-on, and with another fct ordiaary mid~ on, aiaay an oider butsman might have beea forgiven if he had lust hia head. McLaren, however, played every one of those accurately pitched balls with amazing coolness, and actually got several of the:a past the jealously guarded points. When George GiStsn sets this trap, the batsman, iu his endeavour to avoid is, either lets go and is caught at long on or geasly returns the drooping ball to the bowler. McLaren never oace tried a big hit, bus twice he seat the bull back to George G iff en, and there he found the weak point! in the lines whioh hemmed him in, for Geoige had strangely slippery hands. While admiring the nerve aad skill of the young batsman, for whom this trap waa set, the bowler who tempted him iato it must not be overlooked. Every ball had to be accurately pitched. If one had been outside the off eturnp io might have been drivaa or cut through gaps in the off field ; while if it had been but an inch ontside hia legs, it would ha.va been treated to tho elegant Harrow glide. Ball after ball, however, waa pitched on tho leg-stump with marvellous accuracy. I never saw a maa step oa his wicket before lika McLaren did, aad I should say it was the worst of luck were it not a bad teature of his pull stroke. ItEeema to me ihas he swings round on hia left toes after rnakiag the stroke bo that he,niay start to run sooner, bus every time ha-plrouettea his righa foot is perilously near tae sticks. The beat feature of the Englishmen's p!ay as a whole team has, however, been the fisld iag. Ia bygoae years toariug Eaghsh eleveas have made Guiding oao of their 8troage*ti points; but Stoddart's meah.-.ve aot played up to theae traditions. Ia this match, how over, except for a couple of lau*es by Ford in the first inning, their fielding has been mag nificent, brilliant, aad sate. McLaren, who, in former test mutches, did not show anything beyond avoraga form in the field, was ia this match the most bril liant) fieldsman on either side. His plucky dashes round the edge of the boundary often prevented a seemingly certain fourer, while at extra mid-off his dash and skill were worthy of Vernoa Boyle, the great Lancashire cover point of other days. Brown also fielded with wonderful accuraoy in the in- fieid. while even Richardson aad Lookwood triamphed over their bulkiaess and did smart work. The style of game adopted by the Aus tralian batsmen in their second innings cer tainly played right into the bauds of the Englishmen. None of them would take the slightest risk, aud there were Dre cious few of chose hard hits which tend more than aught else to dis orgsniee the field. Jack Lyons began in the right way, but unfortunately did not Ia3t. Like the other dashing batsmen of the side he only dashed in to dash out again. Every inch of th9 way was deaparately fought by the Englishmen with a dogged determination worthy of their ancestors who fought for tho heights of Badajo3 in the Peninsula War. Bus the Australians held on grimly to their first innings' advantage, and thouzh they were unable to top even 300 in their second essay, they did not do at all badly to compile 267. The moat tenacious batsmen were Giffen, Darling, Harry Trott, aad Jarvis, who all batted with remarkable ooolness and coarage. Syd. Gregory, true to his nature, adopted guerilla tactics, worrying the enemy by hia dash down the pitch for ehoit runs ; but at last a Richardson cannon shot knocked him ovsr. Joe Darling carried off the individual batting honours of thematoh oa the Australian side. What a meteoric rise to eminence his has been. Two years ago he was managing a farm in the couatry, and only playing cricket rarely against the greenest of bucolics. Now he is in the topmost branches of the tree of Australian bacstnon, with not threa finer batsmen in the colonies. George GiHen aad Harry Trots by virtue of their greater experience are still his peers, but give lae Darling ia preference to either Iredale or Gregory for he combines defensive aad hittiag powers in a more remarkable degree than either of them. The almost total failure ot such artists aa Bruoe, Iredals, and Graham, to say nothing of Albert Trott, greviously dis appointed Australians. Betweea thorn thoy oaly made 85 ruas ia eight innings. Such is the perversity of cricket. Take youag Trott's ease. He b9gan hia connection with teas masohes by scoring 38, 72, aad S5, without oace being got out, now he ha-3 to be content with 10—0. Fraak Iredale was sadly disappointed that he did noc reach the oentury ia either inning?. He was ia splendid form, has been scoring with remarkable consistency in recent matches, aad needed 144 run3 to make his aggregate in first-class matches this season the round 1,000. ' I think I have a good chaaea of makipg them,' he voatured, when he knew that Giff. had won the tos3. Ho waa very confident, but confidence cannot help a man when the tide of his fortune turns. Cricketers seem to have their runs cf luok and ill luck, and when the tide turns they seem to be no more able to stem it thaa Canute was so keep back the advancing waves. Brockweli'a tour in Australia affords an in stance of a determined batsman's inability to conquer hia leek. Ee was a champion whea he left England ; he returns as a failure. oSo doubt our fasb wickets have nos suited hia style of play, bus eheer bad luck has had a deal to do with his failvre to score heavily. If ever a maa has gone ;o the wickers tima after time thoroughly ns with clear mi;ht aad strong arms che Surrey favourite has. There is none of the chicken-heart about him. He ha3 grimly determined to score and has made good strokes, but all manner of wonder ful catches have cut short prouiisiag iaaiags. Poor Brookwell was quite crestfallen wbea he came ia on Saturday after being stnmpsd by Jarvie, and said to a sympathiser, 'la doesn't seem to be aay use me trying. If I hit I get out; if I play keeps I get out; I don't know what eame to play.' la the secoad iaaings, as any rate, he could not blame his luck because he made a feeble stroke. A maa muai feel a failure like Brookwell'a. I know hovr Frank Walters felt in England ia 1S90 when, after starting the toar in fine styl-», he played fourteea eon eeeative innsnes without oace reaching double figures. The difference batweea the two men is that, whereas one has the hears of a lion, the other's hears is no bigger thaa chat of a horrid little iaseot, but evea to be alliterative I will aoS put the vrcrd into cold priuC. Although McKibbin captured only one wickes in che first innings of the Englishmen, he pleased judges who had cot seea him before. He was able to make She ball talk oa aa excellent wicket, buc ia my humble judg ment he sacrificed pitch to break. Soma of his breaks were so enormous that they beas the wioketkeeper as well as the batsmen, but he has yet to learn thas a ball need aos necessarily break ri^ht across the w'clcet to deceive a batsman. Not an adverse comment did I hear about his delivery. There is no doubt about its fairness. Talking of uuspioicus bowling reminds me of a good yarn T heard this week. It is told at the expensn of Qrowa, the popular little Yorkahiremaa. Prior to one of tha country matches one or two of thu wags of tha team prevailed on Stoddart to allow Brotva to bowl. Thea they wens to the local umpire, aad raising the question of throwing, remarked quite aimlessly like ' Oh the only suspicious bowler w« have is Brown. The umpires keep a strict eye on him in England.' Ths play becaa, aad ia accordance with tha arraugemeats Brown wag pu5 on to bowl. Imagine his astonishment, seeing that he bowls as f airly a9 any man, when bis first ball was 'called.1 ' When the eeoond ?was also called he wia thunderstruck, but whea a third time the umpire called 'no-b.iU,' a light dawned upon the little hard -faced Tyke. Those no-b&lls; never went down in the scoring-book. 