•"TH-tT a BENDIGG- ADVERTISER (published daily) : - PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES* BENDIGO, .:WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7 1895. THE MASSACRE EsT CHINA. .The .work .of the missionary agencies of the • various Christian churches is by ho means 'the least amongst the glorious achievements of the British race during the present cen tury. ' Thousands of zealous followers of Jesus Christ have given up worldly advan tages. the comforts of life to be found in thoic native;lands;: foregone all pleasures, and even sacrificed their wealth in.order to assist in tho.. execution of the Divine com mands—"Go and teach all, nations, bap tioing- them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching •them- to observe all things whatsoever I ha7e commanded you." It is impossible even for thoso who are quite indifferent to the common cause of Christianity to refrain from admiring these self-sacrificing ser vants of Christ who: joyfully go to 'the earth's . remotest end to do • their-■ • Master's 'bidding, sustained by the assurance contained in the last words . spoken by Him on earth—" Lo, I am with •you •■ nlway even .unto the end of the world." Of course, there are very many people who look askance at theso devoted Christians, and ascribe to fanaticism their eager love of enterprises which can only be undertaken at the risk of much discomfort, ■ many trials and vexations, and often at the "risk of danger to life itself. ' But it does not require much thought to convince those who look most coldly on missionary enterprises, that the men and women who enlist in mission services in ^foreign arid barbarian lands, and 'carry their lives in their hands in doing so, are performing work as heroic as the defenders of the country have done again • and'-: again'on many a g'.Orious baU'efield "against their nation's foes. ' Many have died in these regions of darkness, far away from thoir friends, and many more have been cruelly murdered—victims to native superstition,—thus suffering martyrdom like .the missionaries who wore cruelly massacred ■in China a few days since, while faithfully "performing their divinely ordered work. The whole ciyilised world will experience a thrill of- horror at the fearful murders perpetrated by' "the Vegetarian Society of ; Ku Cheng. The cruel slaughter of the | Rev. R. W. Stewart and his wife and child ; and the noble band of women associated" ; with him -in his splendid work, will not..-; have ,s deterrent effect upon the- minsionitry spirit of the age. On the contrary^ : it . will give the movement new • life, arid for each individual sacrificed by the "ignorant and cruel, mob, hundreds of .volunteer's w'i'l be eagert,fcp 'fill"their places. From the-accounts of the;work of the Rev. R. W. Stewart and his companions, during the last year, it appears that the dreadful event has-not-beon wholly unforseen. -For | some time past the Vegetarian Society, as it is called, an organisation comprising the scum of tho town of Ku Cheng, has been causing considerable apprehension to the authorities, and the latter have not . only . been powerless to keep the rabble in subjection, but have actually been afraid to take determined action against thsm. In fact, so terrified was tho Chief Magistrate that ho liberated certain prisoners who had been guilty of heinous offences, in order to appease them. This weakness on the part of the represen tative of law and authority encouraged the mob to commit further violence, and as it became part of its policy to decry the work of the missionaries and to work up a strong feeling against them, Mr. Stewart and his followers had cause to regard their situation as very critical. The details of the massacre are horrifying in the extreme. Mr. Stewart and his wife and child" have been burnt alive in their house, and tho eyes of the remaining children were gouged out. Then seven lady mis sionaries were savagely butchered with spears and swords. These martyrs to the missionary cause were Miss Marshall, the Misses Gordon (2), Miss Newcombe, Miss Steivart, Miss Harriet Eleanor Saunders and Miss Elizabeth Saunders. An eighth, Miss Codrington, was severely injured, but escaped alive. The Chinese Government has appointed a commission to inquire into the outrages, and it is to be hoped the ring leaders will meet with swift retribution. But it is terrible to think that this fearful slaughter of God's creatures occurrcd in front of the very eyes of the authorities, and that the Chinese soldiers made no effort whatever to suppress the rising. The erime is regarded with horror and detesta tion by the better class of Chinese, but it is a humiliating reflection upon the condition of government in the country that such a horrible massacre of innocent people should have been possible. Parliament.—In the Legislative Council last evening, the second reading of the Electric Light and Power, BilL was postponed. The Vyidth of Tyres Bill jran passed through all stcigea. The Licensing Act Amendment Bill lwas agreed to.' :In the Assembly the Glen rowan to Hedi railway line was referred to the Railways committee. The tariff was farther considered in committee. Duties were reduced on hansom safety cabs, omnibuses and coaches. Tho com mittee had not concluded its consideration of the tobacco duties when the House adjourned. Ax Eplasatiok Required.—Mr.- Lazarus has given notice of his intention to ask the Minister of Mines to-day.—1._ .What special fitness Mr. Ronaldson has for the position of Inspector of Mines.' 2. Has he been subjected -to any competitive examination ;.if so, who ilwere tlie';examinera.: : 3. If not, why was the . established custom of the depart-, meat of competitive., examinations 'departed from'in this instance in favor of Mr. .Ronald son;' 4. What saving, if any, has-been.made by the department by the retirement of the former inspector, Mr. Grainger, and the appointment of Mr. Ronaldson.' Providing ^or the Sick Poor.—In the Legislative Assembly last evening, the Premier said hs.Jiad noarly completed such negotiations wilh^b'j; committee of the Bendigo Benevolent Asylum as would enable the sick poor to .be provided for. The whole question would be submitted to the House during the present session. . Goldek square Requirements.—Now that the corporation employes are repairing portions of the main road at Golden-square some atten tion should be paid to the various side streets and crossings in the locality, many of which are in a bad state. Amongst others Maple street from High-street to Pauton-street, which leads to the local railway station requires a few loads of metal spreading over it, while the water channel on the eastern side needs some repairs, a. few loads of gravel spread on the footpath would also be an improvement.! Alleged Trespassing at the Shamrock Mine.—Last night. Detective-sergeant Griffin, in company with Senior-constable- English, arrested a young man, 26 years of age, -named Alfred Richardson, on a charge of being found on the Shamrock mine without lawful excuse on the 24th January laBt. It will be remembered that the accused and another voung maa:named Jeremiah Ryan were alleged to have been ille gally on the mine referred to at night time. Ryan was cajght by the manager and after wards fined £5 and £3 3s costs. Richardson has been at large ever since. The Late Mr. Timothy Dwyer. - The coffin containing the remains of the late Mr. Timothy Dwyer, was removed from his late residence in Bridge-street to St. Kilian's yesterday morning where a requiem mass for the repose of his soul was solemnised at 8 o'clock. The members of the Sacred Heart and Holy Family Societies, with which the deceased had been connected were present at the mass wearing their regalia. The funeral which was conducted quietly, took place at 10 o'clock to the White Hills cemetery. Amongst those present were Messrs D. O'Keefe, J. W. Rymer, Colgan, Cleary, M'Atamney and other intimate friends. The Rev. Fathers N. Crane, and Rooney, officiated at the grave and Mr. P. Fizelle carried out the mortuary arrange- ments. •The M'Evoy Disaster;—We have received £1 Is from Mrs. J. H. Abbott for the Eldorado relief fund. • A Disputed Transaction.—Messrs R. B. Anderson, and W. Webb Js.P., were occupied for some time in the Police Court yesterday, in .hearing a case in which Messrs Brown;Bros., produce dealers of Ironbark, sued Messrs J'oran, Bros, of Jumbunna, Gippsland, for the recovery of £20 18s 6d, for goods Bold and delivered. The case for the plaintiffs, was, seeing an ad vertiamont in the newspapers that the defendant wanted 100 tons of chaff, they wrote quoting their prices. The defendants replied ;to the communication to the effect, that the' prices were satisfactory, and asking the plaintiffs to forward three tonBas a sample lot, and payment would be made on delivery. Plainstiffs for warded tho lot as directed and enclosed j an in voice for £14 14s, that wan on lqth May. On 5th June the plaintiffs received acheque'for £9 17s Gd from defendants, who asked to be sup plied with more produce. A quantity was for warded and then another of four tons, i but as tho cash did not come to hand the plaintiffs did not send any more and they now took these proceedings to recover the amount due. The defence was that the charge for bags was excessive, that the quantity purchased was not delivered ?.nd that the defendants had suffered loss by the non-delivery of tho 100 tons. Mr. Kirby replied, that there was no agreement bo tween the parties that lO'J tons were to be de livered." The correspondence faom the defen dants.showed that, and even if if they had sus tained any damage they 'could not sue for that | in this court. Mr. Jones argued that if the bench considered it advisable to do so it had power to direct that the case should be remitted to another court. The defendant stated that the last/ lot forwarded which was supposed to weigh four tons only weighed three and a half tons when weighed at Jumbunna. After hear ing the evidence of tho plaintiff and defendant, the bench gave a verdict for £18 Ss 6d' with £1 Gs CGjsts. Insolvency Meeting.—A meeting of credi tors in the estate of W-n. Edwards, miner of Eaglehawk, was held before the chief clerk, Mr. Harold Morrison yesterday morning. Ten creditors were represented, and proofs of debt amounting to £34 5s ".Oil were handed in and the meeting closed. The. Municipal Elections.—Tuesday, 13th August'-has been appointed nomination day in connection with the municipal elections and nominations must be lodged before four o'clock on Monday, 12ch instant. Polling day is on the 22nd instant. Death of Mi:. S. S. Vickery.—General regret was expressed in the city yesterday wlien it became known that Mr. Sydney Swanston Vickery, eldest son of Mr. ~J. S. Vicbery, the well-known sharebroker and investor of Melbourne, but formerly of Bendigo, had died on his father's station, Bective about 15 miles from Tambworth, New South Wales. The deceased was a native of Bendigo, and many old High School boys will remember him. On leaving school he joined his father in the-'sharebroking business, and was de servedly held in high esteem by all who were brought in contact with him. He was atone time e, lieutenant in the old Sandhurst cavalry troop. About six years ago he married a daughter of our old and respected towns man, Mr. M. J. Fogarty. and he and his wife then went to Bective, where they ';iave resided over since. During the past two or three years his healt'h began to fail. The best medical advice was obtained, hut without avail. Latterly his younger brother, Dr. R. Vickery had been staying on the station, and was in constant attendance on the patient, who, how ever, gradually sank, and passed away on Mon day afternoon. The deepest syniDathy is felt for the young widow and her' three little children and the other relatives. University Extension Lecture.—The Rev. John Reid will deliver the fifth of his course of lectures on " Shakspeare and English History " in the School of Mines to-night. The subject for this evening's lecture will be " The Merry Wives of Windsor," under the following head ings 1. "Origin of the Comedy and relation of the Comedy to the Histories." 2. " Social Life in England and Essentials of National Great ness.'' 3. "Charaetei Studies: (a)}Tho Coun try Schoolmaster, (b) Mine Host of the Garter •(«•) Sweet Anne Page." ' ' Amateur Dramatic Performance.—The production of the military drama '• Neck or Notiiint'," by the Bendigo Amateur Dramatic Club,.in aid of tho city poor box, will take place in the Masonic Hall on Monday evening next. The rehearsals have been very success? ful. and the piece promises lobe as great a success as " Under the British Flag," giveu by the club in aid oi the Watson Sust'entation Fund. Obituary. - The death of a former well- known resident of Golden-square in the person of Mr. W. Adams occurred at his residence near the Viaduct hotel, Kangaroo Flat on Mon- day night from heart disease and bronchitis, from which he had suffered for the last four years. Mr. Adams at one time hold the posi- tion of underground boss at the Shenandoah mine, and was also a prominent member of the Loyal Gold Miners' Pride Lodge. The deceased leaves a wife and three children. The remains will be interred in the local cemetery this after- noon. Minino Accident.—A miner named Alfred Witting, a resident of Howard Piace, and omployed at Mr. Lansell's Comet mine, sus tained a fractnro of the small bone of the left leg through falling down a winze. He was admitted to the hospital. The Hikbrnian Ball.—The annual ball of the H.A.C.B.S. was held in the town hall last evening, and proved an unqualified succcs3, establishing a record for the season, as there were very nearly 500 persons present, Though in the earlier part of the evening the ball-room was inconveniently crowded, the dancers "took" the discomfort with the utmost good humor, while the energetic committee were filled with satisfaction at the prospect of a substantial ad tion to the society'3 Benevolent Fund. A much appreciated innovation was the conversion of the balcony into a ball-room, which was luxuriously furnished for the occasion by Messrs. Hender son and Goodisson of the Beehive. The pro gramme was a lengthy one, and dancing was kept up with spirit till early morning to the strains of Finster's String band, Mr. F. Denton acting as M.C. Mr. Healey president, Messrs. G. E. Butler and Luke Murphy, the hon. secre taries,and themembersofthe committee exerted themselves most successfully in promoting the enjoyment of all. The dres3es of the ladies in cluded many elegant and tasteful costumes. The supper was supplied with combined liber ality and excellence by Mr. E. Conlen, and there were several relays. At the first, Mr. James Healy, president of the branch, attar a brief speech in which he expressed the gratifica tion of the committee at the large attendance, proposed " Kindred Lodges," extending a hearty welcome to the delegates.^ Dr. Murphy responded on behalf of tho A.N.A., Mr. F. Jenkins for St. Andrew's, Mr. D. Andrewfor tho Loyal James Roo Lodge, M.U., Mr. Juncke for the Deut-scher Vcrein, and Mr. Hampton for tho Heart of Friendship Lodge, M.U. Mr. W. Crowley proposed "The Ladies,'' and "The Press," by the chairman, concluded the proceedings. " Ministerial Association.—The August meeting of the Bendigo Ministers' Association was held yesterday at the residence of the Rev. J. Westacott, who presided. There were also present—The Revs. J. Nicholson, E. H. Scott, J. A. Osborne, F. Neale, A. B. Rofe, D. Provan. N. Jones, J. T, Kearns, W. C. Tayler, VV. J. Bray, C. Anthony and J. M'Laren. . The action of the Council of Churches in opposing the legalisation of the totalisator was approved. On"account of the"Christian Convention at the Masonic Hall, and in order to allow the mem bers to be present at the prayer meeting in connection with it, the Rev. J. Nicholson de ferred till next meeting the reading of his paper on " The Bible in the Light of Modern Discovery." A Quktion of Costs.—A rather novel point cropped up during the hearing of a debt case in the Police Court yesterday. The defendant did not appear, and the bench was about to give a verdict for the amount claimed, £9 odd, with the usual allowance for costs, when Mr. Murphy, counsel for the plaintiff, pointed out that one pound had been paid for buggy hire in connec tion with the service of the summons, and he considered that that amount should be included in the costs. The bench was rather dubious about the matter, as the service could have been effected at less expense by the police. Mr. Murphy doubted if the police would have been ableto.find the .defendant, who had been work-"" ing in some outlandish place. The one pound sterling had been paid in a bona fide manner for the service of the summons, and he considered that at anyrate some special allowance ought to be made. The bench after some deliberation complied with the request, and gave a verdict for the amount claimed with 34a 6d costs. Skating CV,—Another skativg de monstration is to -take place at the Royal Rink on Wednesday evening next, in the-form of a bat and tie carnival. To-night the final of the obstacle race will be run, and also a ladies' tilting at the ring contest. The Christian Convention.—A Christian convention, which ia being held under, the : auspices of the Bendigo Ministers' Association, was opened in tho Masonic Hall yesterday, nnd will bo continued to-day and to-morrow. The! convention is being attended by a number of j visitors from Melbourne and suburbs, Geelong and other places, amongst whom are the Revs'. £ ^'^eit (Presbyterian evangelist), S.~ C. Kent, Kearns, Bird, Cowperthwaite and E. H. Jones. The local committee and hon. secre- j lary (the Rev. A. B. Rofe) have mado com plete arrangements for the conduct of the bnsH ness of the convention. The proceedings were i opened by a prayer meeting, which wag°held at noon. The Rev. H. C. Trebilcoek presided, and there was a fair attendance. At 3 o'clock the convention was opened in the large hall. The Rev. S. C. Kent (Albert Park) presided. Ex cellent speeches of an evangelistic nature were then given by tho Revs. Kearns, Bird and h. iweale (Bendigo). There was again a larce attendance of the public in the evening, when the convention resumed. The Rev. E. K. Jones (Melbourne) addressed the meeting. He said that this spiritual hfe was more than mere . sentiment. It was more than mere intelligence. St. Paul realised exactly what it is when ho made use of the words " I lire, and yet not I, but Christ that hveth in me." Persona who possess tho spirituallifein its fulness must culti vate harmony of will between their Creator and themselves; they must assimiiate or appro pnate Christ's life and they must have im plicit faith in the Father, Son and Holv Ghost The Rev. John M'Neil followed with a for cible and interesting address. In referrinc to hospital patients, he said that they miVht oer hf>ps have very little life, but still there was : life in their bodies Still it could not be said that they enjoyed life in its fulness like some ! of the strong, ablebodied people who were pre sent that a -ening. And as it was in the j natural lite bo it was in the spiritual. There might be_ present some persons who had ' been .Christians tor years who had never yet enjoyed the spiritual life, in its fulness. It was for such that the convention had been I called. The Rev. J. Cowperthwaite also de livered an _ admirable address, which was attentively listened to. A combined choir was iii attendance at each of the services, and ren- ! dered appropriate hymns in a pleasing manner ! iliss Barrass presiding at the organ ia r the afternoon, and Mr J. Tregear in the evening. I Ihe convention will be continued to-dav - Cooii.l Bros. Minstrels.—This clever com Th^??6^ ,aSain, at the Ro-val Princess Iheatre last night, when a complete chance of programme tras presented, and the performance was even of a more attractive character- than that given on the opening night. The conven tional drawing room entertainment contained many most acceptable items apart from the comic songs of Messrs. Charles \y. Cogill and Alf. ■Lavpion, which took immensely. Miss -Nita _Cta:-kes rendition of the ballad "Jack Crawford," was a splendid piece of vocalisation. Mr Jules Simonsen, though suffering from a . cold, gave a capita! rendering of " The Island of Preams," and Mr. .Alf. Hoi land _ was also very successful ' in his descnpfcu'G song, ^ "Good Company." Miss Stella ludor gamed great applause for her specialty " Gay Paree," also did Miss Emmie Morrison for the piquant manner in which she sang "Oh My Bonnet." Mr Charles Norwood contributed "Sweet Mari-" ^ S'aPProPr' nated the first portion of the programme. Mr. Harry P.^ Cegill delighted the audience with several °i-the latest songs, which he gave with good cflecs The eccentricities and funnyisms t ^ogiU provoked great merriment Miss Ethel Clifford a'nd May irlea^appeared ^ a graceful skipping dance, and Miss Clara Spencer and Mr. Alf. Lawton in a charade* f. vor T°h n°mS ^lUg receivod witI* much i - y f-13ter3 won well-deserved MrUTeddv°V Sr3«ful son,g and danca. Mr. Teddy Forde again astonished tho audience by h.sextraordmary facial imitations. A sketch entitled School for Scandal," in which most nf the company engaged caused inteneeamusemcV,/ Tao remarkable feats of Ouda on the and horizontal ladder, winding up w'th"a sensational leap from the dome of the theatre through a paper frame, and eventuillv1™ r m the net stretched across the thatre betow createc the greatest astonishment. Encores were tho rule throughout the excellent ™/ formanoe. There was a full house. The com' panv appear again to-night. Lying-is Hospital J. Green), WnP^ \Y. Davis and the hon. secretary (Mr Birch)' Apologies tor non-attendance Were re^u-ii from Mr. IX B. Lazarus, M L \ and tL • president "(Mr. A. Hu-kness)." Thinv ni J1C°" cants were awarded aid b,VS3 —wl in -kind from the institution 4ir? in a*. was discontinued, and a pair of j casc flannels were graced to n^edy pers0I^ outdo? Reports were received from vi-itin» • medical officer (Dr. J. D Boyd) and°«lnlU''e0 tendent (Mr. J S M>Tlrn£ i -3uPer« (Mr. U. 15 Sibley) Two ^nd collector eighty distributions were madT cuVd?'1 duriug the week to families consist-in."' of 'U" adults and 12S children. There arT=in H »09lUlf "no .K, mal^' aUd 4:5 total" —v J. upcciiii meotiiif* "»vas i i i for tho "'"-ail-.,!:,., tondtr?', ing, Miss Jailaiul; tables form? T P'llow Stowdl; blinds, John M'Lean. ' A" [ BexdigoHospital.—Mr. W. Hunterattendf 1 yesterday afternoon and passed 10 patient* f I ont-door relief. Tho resident snrgeoa {Dr p M. Peebles) reported that during the iA' week one patient had died, 24 had been d charged cured, and 129 remained under tre&u; ment. The kitchen, wards, dispensary and ont buildings were inspected, the patients were i terviewed, and everything was fuund to be satisfactory order. The secretary reported th-t the hose and fire appliances had been recentl inspected and suggestions received for p]ac;D^ the matter in a state of efficiency in case of fi/ breaking out. St. Vincent de Paul's Society The monthly meeting took place at the Bishon' Palace yesterday. The president (Mrs' Edwards) was in the chair, and there was i large attendance of ladies. Mrs. P. Have« hon. secretary, reported that 120 poor people had been relieved during the month, and their demands we.-c very large, consisting of wood blankets, boots, clothing and groceries. T^e ladies of the society would feel grateful to their benefactors if they would kindly send "donatioLB of clothing as Eome of their poor people are quite destitute. A committee of ladies was appointed to visit the hospital dor ing the month. Accounts to the amount of £43 7s 7W were passed for payment, and sub seriptions amounting to £19 16s Id were handed in. A Broken Hand Rail.—A portion of the railing in Myrtle-street near the Three- arch bridge, has during the last day or two become displaced, leaving the roadway in a dangeronj condition. Immediate attention from the coan cil officers would be desirable. G OLD en-square Fire Brigade. —Th e monthly meeting of the above brigade was held at the depot last evening. Captain Heuston presided. Captain Heusten, er- captain Nolan, members Carmody and Howe were appointed delegates to attend the meeting in connection with the charity football match. A donation of £1 ls was made to the fund in aid of the widow and fanily of the late Superintendent Gee who lost his life at the recent fire on board the ship Hi'aria. The roll call for the month showed that th^ mem. •bers had attended well at the several prac. tices. Messrs. G. Brown and W. Heuaton were elected honorary members of the brigade. On the motion of Lieut. Young, a certificate wss granted to Mr. (J. Birchell for past services at drill instructor. Loyal James Roe Lodge.—The fortnightly Meeting of this lodge was held at the BeehWe Exchange last night. " N:G. Bro. Southgate in the chair. Three new members were initiated and four nominations received for membership, A challenge from theH.A.C.B.S. to play afoot', ball match was referred to the football committee. Treasurer D. Andrew was &p.; pointed to represent tho lodge at the H. A.C.B.S. Ball held the ss ue night. Sereral important matters were allowed to stand over until next meeting. The receipts for the even, ing amounted to £74 103. Sandhurst No. 1 Fire Brigade.—The monthly meeting of members was held at the depot last evening ; Captain Minter was in the chair, and there was a good attendance. ' A letter was received fromChief-Officer Marshall, of the Country Fire Brigades' Board in refer ence to a subscription list in aid of the widow of late Superintendent Geo, of the Metro politin Fire Brigade, who Inst hi3 life while on duty at the "fire or burning of the ship Hilaria. It was decided to co-operate in the movement. City Police Court.—Messrs. R. B. inder son, J. R. Hoskins, and T. S. Gibson, Js.P,, presided yesterdaj'. The case against an old man named H. Francott for i-.-.graney was called on. Sergeant Kilfedder s-.ated that the man had been admitted into the Benovelent Asylum, and the charge was consequently with drawn. A young man, who bad been arrested by Constable Sheahan for being drunk on the previous evening, was fined IOs, or in default 48 hours' imprisonment, j A number of Email debt case3 were disposed of, and the court ad journed. i Fkatebnal.—The fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Gold Miners'Pride Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., -w.as-hold-on -.Mbntlay- eVenfng.: ^N.G. Bro. •Westgarth presided;-' There was a latgfe atten dance of members and. visiting brethren, owing to the annual visit .of..district officers; Two ■clearances wers accepted,''after wHich "the fol lowing toasts were honored :—" The Queen," " Manchester Unity, District Officers, Visiting 'Officials and Brothers," responded" to bj PG.M. Bro. Bosselmann, and D.P.G.M. Roach, of the Loyal Darling Lodge, P.C.S. M'Gowan then enlightened, those present on many interesting matters appertain ing to the order. Referring to tho general finances, he said that the funds of the order amounted to the large sum of £8,420,452 4s, and at the end of last year the order numbered 739,449 adult members. During the last four years 25,396 members were iuitiited at the average of 21 j-ears. In conclusion he referred to the honorable position hcid by the order all over-the^vorld. P. G. Hamilton, M.L.A., of the Loyal James Roe Lodge, P. G. Walsh oi Loyal Bendigo Lodge, and F. S. Talentine of Sir Henry Barkly Lodge, and N. G. Gundry, of the Loyal Darling, alao suitably responded. Subsequently a social was held in'honor of the visit of the district officers, the repast for which was provided by Host Reardon in a very at tractive manner. N.G. Bro. Westgarth in the chair. After.. tho ordinary loval toasts had been honored,C.S. M'Gowan and^.G-. Hamilton, M.L.A., responded to " The District and Visit ing OfScers." Songs were rendered during the evening by Bros. Kemp and N. G. Gundry, of Loyal Darling Lodge, N.G. Westgarth, G. i M. Hickey, P.G. Veal, Bros. HuDter, West garth, of the Loval G.M. Pride Lodge, and ' P.G. Bro. Hamilton 'gave a humorous recita f-tion. The Calyx Drills.—From the Agi we learn that a comparative statement has been prepared by the inspector of drills to the Mines department as te the relative cost of boring with diamonds and calyx cuttera in basalt at Tourello. With diamonds it appears .the cost .of boring 100 feet averaged :63 63 per foot, while the calyx did the work for :5s. The inspector states that the results of the tesi exceeded expectations. The nature of the rock in the three bores tested is very similar, so that a comparative1 statement accurately defines the advantages of the calyx system, and there could be no doubt that in certain localities the greater portion of tho basalt . could be bored under that system at much les3 cost than with diamonds. Property Sales.—Messrs. J. Watson and Co. ieport haring sold 202 acres, parish of Minto, at £3 ISs per acre to M. O'Neill, and 150 acres parish of Egerton, to R. M'Lcan, at £4 17e Cdper acre. WEAK EYES. T. R. PROCTER, Oculist Opt ician, of Mel bourne, no.v on a short visit to Bendigo, mavbe consulted daily from 10 to 1, and 21- j 5. Wednes day's 10 to 1. Weak eyes and all kinds of im paired sight skilfully treated. Sights scientifically tested and spectacles specially ground ,to correct every class of optical defect. "Adores?;- No. IS, City Family BuildiDgs, High-street add Charing Crois, Bendigo.—[ai>vt.] Mrs. Hill, of Back Creek, sustained a brofcfD rib on Saturday evening by accidentally falling with a bucket of water, which the was brining from her back yard, and not whilst getting out of bed as previously reported. Tl't: annual meeting of the Btndigo Athletic Club will bo held in the town hall on Monday next at S p.m. Legal proceedings aro to be t.-.ken by t'r'.s Sh'.rs o£ Marong against ratepayers whose iates ateuaS paid bj 17th August. ; Tho third Domorest Recitation Contest will ct h.ld to-night as tho Temperanc? Hall. Those desirous of contributing" to the Grainger Testimonial Fund aro invited by advertisement t-lse/.vhere to communicate w.th Messrs. Y>T. W. Barker, S. II. M'Gowan, G. A. Petrie or W. Wilson. It is announced that the s.s. Invinoible rtmsin connec ion with tho weekly trips from Bendi20 to Mi''i'.ura. Caroliu and Co., limited, are the agent< Attention i3 direoted to the advertisement m another column of the Sandhurst Mutual Per manent Investment and Bnildi"g Society. 