A Biototzs Ghost. A matter has arriseu which may be coinmendcd to the notice of Mrs 31tt!ton and her spook sponsors. Judge AViudoyer, Mr Coi>cl:md, and others. The matter may also be commended to the attention of theso who regard Mrs Mellon as what Mr Pickwick called Mr Winkle, namely, .1 humbug, and her spooks as impostures. At Vamba, a " spook," which is tlie Zulu or modem term for that which in oar infancy was known as a ghost, made its appearance recently just after darkness had set in. There is a thicket near the Yarnba post office, and from this the spook darted out at passers by. uttered a shout, and ijuietl y retired. The apook, as was appropriate with such an apparition, was arrayed in white ; clothed, in fact, seemingly in " white samite, mystic, wonderful," and it scared a good many timid people. The suggestion that, as it came from the neighborhood of the post office, it w.-is only the ghost of a der.d letter did not reconcile anyone to the spook; and accordingly Con stable Kedtaond took upon himself, as certain gentlemen did at a seance of Mrs Mellon, tlse part of a sceptical investigator, or ser.rcher after truth. When the constable ner.red the spook's thick at, it appeared as usual, but tho man in blue cloth became a little doubtful as to its genuineness, and pounced upon it. Tho " spook" did not deniaterialise, so the constable tore away tbe ghostly covering, which it was found consisted of "a couple of white sheets, and thus revealed the human frame of one named Edward Welsh, who appeared a little agitated at being discovered playing his joke. To prevent any moro spooking the officer administered a dose of " blue paper," in answer to which tho offender appeared at tho Maclean Police Court, when tho bonch ffned him lCd and is 10d costs. Strange to fay, however, the charge wa3 one of rio*ous behavior, although the con dc '; complained of was iu the line of a radical joko. JXow, should it be pr ed that Mrs Mellon's spooks w< s fraud3, as certain witnesses ass r£ them to have been, it is evident that Judge Windeyer and his fellow sponsors have been technically, and unwittingly no doubt, making them selves iu a manuer responsible for "' riotous behaviour," that charge so familiar in police court proceedings. On the other hand the sceptics who think that Mrs Mellon's Cissy and <?e<mlie were much the same as the V'ainba ghost may be comforted by knowing the exact part of. tho criminal law to apply to thorn. In any circum stances it is interesting to Snow that to simulate a ghest is 3) behave riotously. Ji\ 