SONS OP FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON- (Now first published). ALL RIGHTS RESERVED CHAPTER I.— A STRIKING LIKENESS. The meet was at the Pig and Whistle, at Melbtiry, nine miles oft. Rather a near meet— as compared with the usual appoint ments of the South Sarum hound:-; — the ostlor remarked as Allan Caxew mounted a hired hunter in tho yard of the Duke's Head, chief and, Indeed, only possible inn for a gentleman to put up at in the little village of Mateham, a small but pro?!:rous bamiot, lying in a hollow of the bills between Salisbury and Andovor. He had only arrived on the previous afternoon, and he was rallying forth In tho crisp March morning on an unknown horse in an unfamiliar country to hunt with a pack whoso mas- tor's namo ho had hoard for the first time that day. "Can ho jump?" asked Allan, as he ficrutinlsed the loan, upstanding bay; not a bad kind of a horse by any means, but with that shabby, under-groomed, and over-worked appearance common to hire lings. "Can't ho, sir? There ain't a better leppcr In Wiltshire. And as clever as a cat! Wo had a lady staying hero in tho winter, Mrs. Colonel Parkyn, brought two 'acks of her own, besides the colonel's two 'unters, and liked this here horse bet tor than any of 'em. She was right down mashed on him, as the young gents say." "I wonder alio didn't buy liim," said (Allan. "Sho couldn't, sir. Money wouldn't buy Buch a hunter as tills off my master, lie's a fortune to us." "I hope t may be of Mrs. Parkyn's opin ion when I como home," said Allan. "Now then, ostler, Just tell mo which way I am to ride to get to the Pig and Whistle by 11 o'clock." The ostler gave elaborate Instructions. A publiehouso here, an accommodation lane there — a common to cross — a copse to skirt — three villages — one church — a post-office —and several cross-roads. "You're Bate to fall in with company be fore you got there, " concluded the ostler, whisking a bit of straw out of the bay's off hind hoof, and eyeing him -critically, previous to departure. "If I don't, I doubt I ever shall got there," said Allan, as he rode out of the yurd. He was a stranger at Matcham, a "for eigner," as the villagers called such .".lien visitors. lie had never been in the village bofore, knew nothing of its inhabitants or its surroundings, its customs, ways, local prejudices, produce, trade, scandals, hates, loves, subserviences, gods, or devils. And yet henceforward he was to be closely al lied to Matcham, for a certain bachelor uncle had lately died and left him a email cstato within a mile of the village — a rela tive with whom Allan Carew had held r, lightest commune, lunching or dining with him perhaps once in a cummer at an old family hotel In Albermarle- street, never hon ored by so much as a hint at an invitation to his rural retreat, and not cherishing any expectation of a legacy, much less the bn- quost of all the gentleman's worldly pos sessions, comprising a snug, well- built house, in pretty and spacious grounds, with good and ample stabling, and with farms and homesteads covering something like fifteen hundred acres, and producing an income of a little over two thousand a year. It need hardly bo stated that Allan Car ew was not a poor man when this unex pected property fell into his lap. Tho children of this world are rarely false to the gospel, precept — to everyone who hath shall be given. Allan's father had changed his name, ten years before, from Beresford to Carew, upon his succes sion to a respectable estate in Suffolk, an inheritance from his maternal grandfather, old Squire Carew, of Fendyke Hall, Mil- field. Allan, an only son, was not by any means Jll provided for when his maternal uncle, Admiral tho Honorable George Darnloigh. took it into his head to leave him his Wilt shire property; but this bequest raised him at onco to independence, and altogether disponsod with any further care about that gontloinan-liko profession, the Bar, which had so far repaid Mr. Carew's collegiate studios, labors, outlays, and solicitude by fees amounting In all to seven pounds seven shillings, which sum represented tho gross earnings of three years. So, riding along the rustic high road. In the clear morning air, under a sky of <. _i. t ...» S 'turf .to n » 1 \ flnMrnfl wltll UllglUCLk. JUJI ...v.. ragged cloudlets of fleecy white, Allan Carew told himself that it was a blessed escape to have done with chambers, and reading law, and waiting for briefs, and that It was a good thing to be a country gentleman; to have his own house and his own stable; not to be obliged to ride another man's horses, oven though that other man were his very father; not to be told after every stlflish day across country that he had done for the grey, or that the chosnut's legs had filled as never horse?, legs filled before, nor to hear any other reproachful utterances of an old and privil eged stud-groom, who knew tho horses be rode were not his own property. Hence forth his stable would be his own kingdom, aud lie would reign there absolute and un questioned. IIo could choose his own hor ses, and they should be good ones. He naturally shared the common creed of sons. , and looked upon all animals of his father's buying as screws and "duffers." His own stables would be something altogether dif ferent to the drowsy old stables at home, where liorses were kept r.nd cherished be cause they were familiar friends, rather than with a view to locomotion. His stud and his stablo should bo as different, as if horses and grooms hnd been bred upon an other planet. Ho lovod field-sports. lie felt that if was in him to make a model squire, albeit, two thousand a year was not a large re venue In these days of elegant, living and Continental holidays, and eclectic tastes. Ho folt that among his numerous nephews, old Admiral Darnlelgh had made a wise selection in choosing him, Allan Carew, to inherit his Wiltshire estate. He meant to ho prudent and economical. He had spent the previous afternoon in a leisurely in spection of Bccchurst. He had gone over house and stables, nnd had found all things so well planned, and in such perfect order, that he was assailed by none of those temp tations to pull down and to build, to alter and to improve, which often inaugurate ruin in tho very dawn of possession. He thought he might build two or three loose boxes on one side of tho spacious stable- yard. There were, two packs within easy reach of Matcham, to say nothing of packs accessible by rail, and ho would naturally want moro hunters than had sufficed for the old sailor, who had jogged out on his clever cob two or three times a week, and had gouo home early, after artful riding and waiting about tho lanes, or to beware of tho great bare-hills, and In znug cor ners, where a profound knowledge of the country enabled him to make suie of the hounds, Allan's hunting-stable would be on a very different footing, and although Boechurst provided ample accommodation for a stud of eight, Allan told himself that one of "his first duties would bo to build Jooso boxes. "I shall often have to put up a couple Of liorses for a frieud," ho thought. Tho morning was lovely, moro like April than March. Tho hay trotted along com placently, neither lazy nor feverishly act ive, but with an air or knowing what he had to do for his day's wage, aud mean ing honestly to do It. Allan was glad that hits road took him past Bccchurst. Poss ession had still all the charm of novelty. Ills heart thrilled with prido as he slackened his pace to gaze fondly at tho pretty white house, low and long, with a verandah run ning all along the southern front, admirably placed upon a gentle elevation, against tho swelling shoulder of a broad down, facing south-west, and looking over garden and shrubbery, and across a stretch of common, that lay sloping between Bccchurst and tho highroad, and gave a dignified aloofness to tho situation; seclusion without duhiess, a house and grounds remote, but not buried or hidden. "Nothing manorial about it," mused Al lan; "but it certainly looks a gentleman's place. Ho would naturally have preferred something less essentially inodorn. He would have liked Tudor chimneys, panelled walls, and a family ghost. He would have liked to know that ills race had taken deep .root in tho soil, had been lords of the manor centuries and centuries ago, when Wamba was keeping pigs in the woods, and when the jester's hells mixed with the merry music of hawk and hound. Admiral Darn- leigh, so far as Wiltshire was concerned, had been a new man. He had made his money in China, speculating in tea gardens and other properly, while pursuing his naval career with considerable distinction. He had retired from active service soon after tho Chinese war, a C.B., and a rich man, had bought Beechurst a bargain — during a period of depression — and had set tled down In yonder pretty white house, with a small hut admirable establishment, each member thereof a pearl of price among servants, and had there spent the tranquil eventide of an honorable and consistently selfish life. He had never married. As a single man. ho had always felt himself rich; as a married man he might often have felt himself poor. lie had heard Allan at five and twenty declare that he >m t had done with tho romance of life, and that he, too, meant to be a bachelor; and it may be that his boyish assertion, care lessly made over a bottle of Lafltte, did in some measure influence the Admiral's choice of an heir. Allan's father and mother were of- a more liberal) mind. "You are in a better position than youf. father war, at your age," said Lady Emily Carew, on her son's accession to fortune. "I. hope you will marry well— and soon." There was no thought of woman's love, or of married bliss, in Allan Carew's mind, as ho rode through the lanes and over a common, and across a broad stretch of open down to the Pig and Whistle. He war, full, not of his inner self, but of the outer world, around and about him, pleased with tho pleasant country in which his lot was cast, wondering what his new neigh bors wore like, and how they would re ceive him. "I wonder whether the South Sarum is a hospitable hunt, or whether the members are a surly lot, and look upon every stran ger as a sponge and an Interloper," be mused. He had ridden aVonc for about half the way, when a man in grey fustian and leather gaiters, who looked like a small tenant farmer, trotted past him, turned and Blared at him with obvious astonishment, touched his hat, and rode on, after a fev. words of greeting, which wore lost in the clatter of hoofs. Ho had ridden right so far by tho aid of memory; lie now followed the man ir- grey, and, talcing care to keep this pioneer in "view, duly arrived at a small rustic inn. standing upon high ground, and over looking an undulating sweep of woodland nnd common, marsh end plain, one of those, picturesque oases which diversify the breadth of wind- swept downs. The inn was an isolated building, the few laborers' cottages within reach being hidden by a turn in the road. Hounds and hunt-servants were clustered on a level green on the other side of the road, hut there was uo one else upon the ground. Allan looked at his watch, and found that it was - 0 minutes to 11. Tho man in grey had dismounted from his serviceable cob, and was starting on the greensward, talking to the Wintaraan. Huntsman and whip had taken off their caps to Allan as ho rode up, and it seem ed to him that there was at once inore respect and more friendliness In the saluta tion than a stranger usually receives— above all a stranger in heather cloth and butcher boots, and not In the orthodox pink and tops. The man In grey, and the hunt- servants, were evidently talking of him as he sat solitary in front of tho inn. Their furtive glances In his direction fully indicated that he was the subject of their discourse. "They take a curious interest in stran gers In these parts." thought Allan. Two minutes afterwards, a stout man, with a weather-beaten red face showing above a weather-beaten red coat, rodo up with two other men. Evidently the master and his satellites. "Iltilloa!" cried the jovial man, "what the deuce brings you hack so much sooner than Mrs. Wornock expected you? Sho told me there was no chance of our seeing you for the next year. When did you ar rive? I never heard a word about It." The master's broad doeskin palm was extended to Allan in tho most cordial way, and the master's broad red face irradiated kindliest feelings. #| "You are under a misapprehension, sir, paid Allan, smiling at the frank, friendly face, amused with the eager rapidity of speech which had made it impossible for him to interrupt the speaker. "I have never yet enjoyed the privilege of a day with tile South Sarum, and this is my first appearance lu your neighborhood." "And vou ain't Gooffery Wornock," ex claimed the master, utterly discomfited. "My name is Carew." " Ah, your voice la different. I should have known you were not Gooff If I had heard vou speak. And now, of course, when one looks deliberately, there is a dif ference — a difference which would bo moro marked. 1 dare say, if Wornock were here. Are you a relation of Wornock's?" "I'nevor heard the name of Wornock in my If to until I heard it from you." "Well. I'm— dashed." cried the master, suppressing a stronger word as premature so early in the day. "Did you see the likeness. Champion ?" asked the master, appealing to one of his satellites. "Of course I did." replied Captain Cham pion. "I was just as much under a delu sion as you were — and yet — Mr. Carew's features are not the same as Wornock's — and his eyes are a different color. It's tho outlook, the expression, the character in thn ffino tbnt- is ho lik» our friend's — and I think that kind of likeness impresses one more than mere form and outline." "Hang me If I know anything about It. except that I took one man for t.he other," said the master bluntly. "Well. Mr. Carew, I hope you will excuse my blunder, and that we may be able to show you some sport on your first day in our country. We'll draw Wcllout's Wood, Hamper, and if wo don't find there we'll go on to Holiday Hill." Hounds and servants went off merrily across the down, and dipped into a winding lane. A good many horsemen had ridden up by this time, with half-a-dozen ladies among them. Somo skirmished across the fields, others crowded tho lane, and in this latter contingent rode the master, with his hounds in front of him, and Carew at his side. "Are you staying in the neighbourhood?" he asked; "or did you come by rail this morning? A long ride from Matcham-road station if you did." "I am staying at the Duke's Head, at Matcham; but I only arrived yesterday. I am going to settle in your neighborhood." "Indeed. Have you bought a place?" "No." "Ah, going to rent one. Wiser, perhaps, till you sco bow you like this part of the country." "I have had a place left me by my uncle, Admiral Darnlelgh." "What! are you Darnlelgh 'k heir? Yes, by-tho-bye, I hoard that Beechurst was loft to a Mr. Carew; hut I've a bad memory for names. So you have got Beechurst, have you? I congratulate you. A charming place, compact, snug, warm, and in porfect order. Stables a trifle small, perhaps, for a hunting man." "I am going to extend them," said Allan, with suppressed pride. "Then you are going to do the right thing, sir. The only part in which Beechurst falls short of perfection is In the stables. Capital stables, as far as they go, but it isn't far enough for a man who wants to hunt five days a week, and accommodate his hunting friends. Besides, the owner of Beechurst ought to be in a position to take the hounds at a push." "I hone it nmy he long before that push comes," said Allan. "Ah, you're very kind; hut I'm not so young us I was onco, nor so rich as I was onco, and — the Preacher says there's a time for all things. My time is very nearly past, and your time Is coming, Mr. Carew. When do you establish yourself at Beech urst?" "I am going hack to London to-morrow to settle a few matters, and perhaps have a look round at Tattersall's and I liopo to be at Beechhurst in less than a fortnight." "I shall do myself the pleasure of calling upon you. Any wife?" "I am still in tho enviable position my uncle enjoyed till his death." "A bachelor, ah! that won't last long. It's all very well for a sun-dried old sailor to keep the fair sex at arm's length; but you won't bo ablo to do it, Mr. Carew. I give you till our next hunt ball for a free man. You've no notion what complexions our Wiltshire women have — Devon can't heat 'em — or what a lot of pretty girls there are within a 15-mile drive of Matcham." "I look forward with a thrill of mingled rapturo and apprehension to your next hunt ball." "It'll be here before you know where you are. We have postponed it till tho first of May. We shall kill our May fox on the thirtieth of April, and dance on his grave on the firsta." "I shall be there, my lord," said Allan, as Lord Hanbury galloped off after his huntsman, who had just put the hounds Into the covert. A whimper proclaimed that thero was something on foot five minutes afterwords, and the business of the day began — a good- ish day, and a long one — two foxes run to earth, and one killed on the edge of twi light. It was 7 o'clock when Allan Carew arrived at the Duke's Head, hungry and thirsty, and not a littlo bored by having been obliged to explain to various people that he was no relation to Geoffrey Wor nock. Ilo had been too much bored at tills en forced reiteration to make any Inquiries about this double of his in tho course of the day, or during the long homeward ride; but when he had taken the edge off his appetite la his cosy sitting-room at the Duke's Head, lie began to question the waiter as lie trilled with the customary hotel tart — a hollow cavern of short crust enclosing a scanty modicum of bottled gooseberries. "Do you know Mr. Wornock?" "Yea, sir, know him uncommonly well. Wonderful likeness between him and you, sir; thought you was him till I heard you speak." "Our voices are different, I am told." "Yes, sir, there's a difference. It ain't much — but it's just enough to make one doubtful like. Your voice is deeper and stronger than hia. And then, after the ' first glance, one can sco it ain't the same face," pursued the waiter, thoughtfully. "You've got such a look of him, you see, sir. That's what it is. One don't stop to think of the shape of a nose or a chin. It's the look that catches the eye. I suppose that's what people means by a speaking countenance, sir," added the waiter, gar rulous, but not disrespectful. "Han Mr. Wornock any land in the county?" asked Allan. "Land, sir? Yes, sir," replied the wait er, with a touch of wonder at being asked s such a question. "Mr. Wornock is Lord of j the Manor of Dlscombe, sir— a very large I estate — and a fine old house, added to by i Mr. Wornock's grandfather. The old part ! is very old, sir, and the new part is very i fine and picturesque — and the gardens aro j celebrated in these parts, sir — quite a show ) place — but Mrs. Wornock never allows it j to bo shown. She lives very secluded, don't ! give no entertainments herself, nor visit scarce anywheres. They do say that she was not right in her mind for some years after Mr. Warnoclc's birth, but that was six and twenty years ago, and there may not bo any truth in the report. Gongozorla, sir, ; or cheddar?" | "Neither, thanks. Are the Wornocks an i old family?" I "Very old family, sir. Old Saxon name, t Came over with Edward the Confessor." | "And who was Mrs. Wornock?" "Ah, there's a littlo 'Itch there, sir. No- j body knows who Mrs. Wornock was, or : where she came froin— and they do say she wasn't county, which is a pity, seeing that the Wornocks had always married county prior to that marriage," added the waiter, proud of his concluding phrase. "Mr. Wornock is abroad, I understand. Where?" "Inja, sir. Cavalry regiment, tho Eight eenth South Sarum Lancers." "Strange for a man owning so flno a property to go into tho army." "Well, sir, don't you see, tho life at tho | Manor must have been a very dull ono for :i young gentleman. No entertainments. , No staying company. Mrs. Wornock, sho j don't care for nothink but music— and, j after all sir, music ain't evcrythink to a | young man. He 'untcd, and he Minted, j and he 'unted. from the time lie 'ad legs to cross a pony. Wherever there was 'ounds to be followed, he went with 'em. But hunting ain't everything ln l,fc antl il don't last long," added the waiter, philoso phically. "Mrs. Wornock, as dowager, should have withdrawn to her dower-house, ami left the young man free to be as jovial as ho liked at the Manor." "Ah, that may come to pass when he marries, sir, but not before. Mr. "Wornock Is a devoted son. He'd be the last to turn j his mother out of doors. And he's almost j as keen on music as his mother, I've heard j say; plays the fiddle just llko a profos- , sionnl— and the organ." "Well," sighed Carew, having heard all ! he wanted to hoar, " 1 bear no grudge ; against Mr. Geoffrey Wornock because he , happens to resemble me, but I wish with all mv heart that he could have made it convenient to live in any other neighbor- , hood than that in which my lot is cast. ! That will do, waiter, I don't want any j more wine. You may clear the table, and 1 bring me some tea at nine o'clock." The waiter cleared the table In a leisurely way, made up the fire, also in a leisurely way, and contrived to spend a quarter of 1 an hour upon work that might have been i done in five minutes; but Allan questioned him no further. He flung himself back in an easy chair, with his slippered feet upon tho fender, and meditated with closed eyes. Yes, it was a bore, a decided bore, to have a double in the neighborhood. A double richer, more important, and altogether better placed than himself; a double In a Lancer regiment — there is at once chic and attractiveness in a cavalry soldier — a double who owned just tho kind of fine old j manorial estate, fine old manorial mansion, which he, Allan, would have liked to pos sess. Beechhurst might be a snug little pro perty; tlie house might bo perfection, as Lord Ilambury had averred; but when a house of that calibro is said to be perfect, the adjective rarely means anything more than a good kitchen, and a convenient butler's pantry, roomy cellars, aud a well- planned staircase; whereas, to praise a Tudor manor house implies that it contains a panelled hall, and a spacious ballroom, a library with a groined roof, and a music- gallcry in the dining- room. After hearing of Wornock's old house, built when the fight at Bosworth was fresh in the me mories of men, «nd amplified by successive generations, Allan felt that Beechhurst was distinctly middle-class, and that his sailor uncle must have been a poor creature to have found prido and pleasure in such a cockney paradise. T-Tn tmnnrwl tin nut of his easv chair. shook himself, and laughed aloud at his own pettiness. "What an envious brute T am." 1m said to himself. "I dare say, when Wornock comes home, I shall find him a decent fel low, and wc shall got to bo good friends. If we do, I'll tell lilra how I was gnawed with envy of his better fortune before ever I saw his face." (To be continued.) 