The Musical World. The ridiculous and false stories told about Paganini and the way in which he acquired his wonderful skill on the. violin show how careful people ought to be in accepting the absurd and often wicked tales told about great musicians. Mr. Ferris, in his "Life of Paganini," says: The impression made by Paganini was something more than that of a great, even the greatest, violinist. It was as if some demoniac power lay behind the human, orisoned and dumb except through the agencies of music, but able to fill expres sion with faint, far- away cries of passion, anguish, love, and aspiration-echoes from the supernatural and invisible. His hear ers forgot the admiration due to the won derful virtuoso, and seemed to listen to voices from another world. The strange rumors that were current about him, Pa ganini seems to have been not disinclined to encourage, for, mingled with his extra ordinary genius, there was an element of charlatanism. It was commonly reported that his wonderful execution on the G string was due to a long imprisonment, inflicted on him for the assassination of a rival in love, during which he had a vio lin with one string only. Paganini him self writes that, "At Vienna one of the audience affirmed publicly that my per formance was not surprising, for he had distinctly seen, while I was playing my variations, the devil at my elbow, direct ing my arm and guiding my bow. My resemblance to the devil was a proof of my origin." Even sensible people believed that Paganini had some uncanny and unlawful secret which enabled him to do what was impossible for other players. At Prague he actually printed a letter from his mother to prove that he was not the son of the devil. It was not only the perfectly novel and astonishing character of his playing, but to a large extent his ghost-like appear ance, which caused such absurd rumors. The tall, skeleton-like figure, the pale, narrow, wax-colored face, the long, dark, dishevelled hair, the mysterious expres sion of the heavy eye, made a weirdly strange ensemble. Heine tells us, in "The Florentine Nights," that only one artist had succeeded in delineating the real physiognomy of Paganini: "A deaf and crazy painter, called Lyser, has in a sort of spiritual frenzy so admirably pour trayed by a few touches of his pencil the head of Paganini that one is dismayed and moved to laughter at the faithfulness of the sketch. 'The devil guided ,my hand,' said the deaf painter to me, with mysteri ous gesticulations and a satirical yet good natured wag of the head, such as he was wont to indulge in when in the midst of his genial tomfoolery" The gentleman who keeps the readers of the "Magazine of Music" au courant with the march of musical events writes in a recent number of that journal that Mr. W. H. Cummings has been lecturing in an interesting way about that oldest composition of ours, "Sumer is i-cumen in." This . people's song was perpetuated simply by oral transmission until about the year 1226, certainly not later than 1228, when a monk, John Fornsete, of Reading Abbey, noted it down in a parch ment volume, and in order permanently to annex ' it for church use, placed be neath the old Northumbrian lines of poetry, which are purely pastoral, a Chris tian hymn in Latin. The composition is a canon or round in four parts, with two other parts below in the nature of a drone-bass, and is eminently melodious, rhythmic, and agreeable to listen to; in these respects it stands alone, a solitary monument of harmonic tunefulness for centuries after the Reading monk was happily moved to write it down from the mouth of some wandering minstrel. Mr. Cummings produced a set of old Northum brian bagpipes, and pointed out the im portant fact that the melody pipe was in the key of F, and had the exact compass of notes necessary for the per formance of "Sumer is i-cumen in," and, in addition, there were two drone-pipes which would adequately supply the neces sary bass notes F and 0. Mr. S. Fraser Harris contributes to a re cent issue of the "Magazin of Music" a very interesting account of a visit which he paid to the graves of. Wagner and The Metropolitan Hotel. Liszt. After describing the way he had to go and the scenery through which he passed, he says; I found myself in front of the back windows of the meister's house. Wagner's grave was at my feet. No inscription is cut on the massive grey granite slab that rests on the ivy-girt tomb. A wreath was lying on the grave, placed there by some fond heart that had The True Blue Claim. learned to understand the dead master, and some "weeping tree" cast a comforting shade over the hallowed spot. Not a sound broke the silence, save that the birds sang in the trees above, and that the wind swung some branches overhead to and fro. With my hat in my hand, I looked sadly at the spot which marks the last resting-place of one of the least un derstood men of the century. Transfix ed with a burning conviction, with a very real sense of the greatness of his mission, Wagner attempted single- handed to re organise the art teaching of Europe. Such startling doctrines as he taught, opposed to the preconceived notions of the maes tros, were met, naturally enough, with much opposition. No reformer ever trod a path of rosea. The fact that reforma tion ls needed, denies him any smooth roads. Wagner was an iconoclast; and as nearly everybody came within reach of his heavy hammer, he made multitudes of foes. "Kow that the smoke of battle has cleared away, and the din of many voices has been for ever hushed by death, we are perhaps better able to judge of his deeds more readily than those who rushed into the fight and cried so loud that many who had much to say were unable to gain a hearing. I doubt much if anyone is prepared to say that everything Wagner said or wrote was correct-indeed, such a statement would be a very bold one to make; but I also have little doubt that there are few now-who would not agree that Wagner's life and works have been of inestimable value to art. "And here, in this peaceful Bavarian town, far from the din of the every-day world, sleeps the great Richard Wagner, until all will have to appear, and answer for the way they have spent their lives. "Leaving the peaceful scene in the Hofgarden behind, I reached the main road by the great gateway nearest the large fountain, decorated with mighty figures of princes, gods, nympbs, and other mystic figures, beloved by the meister. The Roman Catholic churchyard, where Liszt is buried, and some little distance off, so that a walk of more than two miles had to be taken ere the burying- ground was gained. The churchyard is on a little rising ground outside the town, with the open country all round-a most peaceful scene;, the flower- decked graves looking so lovely in the sunlight, that grim death was robbed of some of his worst features. About the centre of the ground stands a small octagon building of white stone. A pointed roof of warm red tiles, with a small cross glittering at the top, surmounts the whole. A creeper grows over the arched doorway, and two rosa bushes flower at each side. "I stood before Liszt's grave. Through one of the windows I could see the coffin, resting on a stand, in the middle of the building, with many of the funeral wreath ribbons lying all round. Herein, then, were all the mortal remains of one of the most brilliant personages of this century. Sleeping his death-sleep under the shadow of the hill which he and his friend had dedicated to the new art-work of the future. "As I turned to go I noticed: a text cut in the stone above the doorway, and I could not help thinking what a great thing it is, and if, after our life is done, our fellow-men, knowing the full meaning of the words, can cut over our graves the words - Ich weiss das mein Erloser lebt, I know that my Redeemer liveth." 