The Storyteller. "As the Winds Are." [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] BY MARGARET HUGHES. Soon the rainy season set in, and Mrs. Beckley's kindly heart was distressed to think that now the tent must be a poor shelter, and Dick must be very uncom- fortable, so she insisted upon Ms commit up to tiie lrouse, and he, nothing lotty, came, an.f lived* ami became as one of themselves, and where could be found 'such friends as he and Nan ? Days and days tliey spent exploring far inland, making a raft aud getting across to the islands, over the channel, gathering strange shells, which iv the evenings "Pick world make into clever little pin trays anil charms. The girl showed him the dangerous quicksands that lay bctweeu the mainland and the chain of rocks some distance out. There was only one way of getting over to them, aud Nan would lead Dick carefully across, till he too came to know the way as well as she did, and many a fine day's tlfthtng had these two with only the sea gulls for companions. And how sweet Nan was through all these summer months! So gay, so bright, and tantalising. How good tempered she was, fishing all day, and never getting a bite, while Dick stood a little way off aud seemed to be simply rushed by whiting and bream. When these two had gone very far, aud Nan grew tired, Dick would find a nice shady spot amoug the rocks aud leave her to ■read till he returned with some fish or duck. Often be came back and found her sleeping, sand piled up for a pillow, and her little brown hands under her cheek. Dick would not wake her for worlds, but would sit wutchlng, noting the long lashes as they lay on her cheek, and the little curl they took at the edges, her clear dark skin and bright lips, till Nan, as though conscious of belug gazed at, would wake up all smiles, and off they would start home. But these happy days could not go on for ever. The stormy season began along the Queensland coast, and Nan could not go out in the rain and storm, and Dick be did not seem to care either about leaving the house, but would read aloud to Mrs. Beckley and Nan, and when he came to sweet love mak ings and such things as pertain to the sayings of a man and maid, he would look over his book at the girl till she perforce had to gaze out of the win dow and see how the weather seemed. Aud so the weeks passed away, and still Dick stayed and -still Nun wrote, telliug her people that she was quite happy, and getting quite strong, but all day long she thought of Dick and at night dreamed of him, thinking surely he must love me, or why should he stay in these solitudes. He v.lll not speak his love yet, but will wait till we are both back In Brisbane. No, he never said a word of love with his lips, but then his eyes si>oke plainly. Aud Nan—• well she dared not let him see her eyes for fear he should read a!l that was in her heart. The looming a<"ter a storm many tilings wore to Iv found along the beach ; strange shell*, always, alas I more or less broken, beautiful seaweed, nnd sometimes c:tsks and bits of wreck ago, but the latter had generally been swept from afar, as feu suij-s came near this lonely beach , St. Vuleutiue's Day ! iTow well they nfterwards remembered it. Tbo greatest storm knowu for years broke along the coast. All day it had rained torrent*, the wind ami sea roaring .in wild uuisou, and no one ventured outside the house. Towards night the rain ceased, and the sky cleared a little ; but the wind and sea still had it all their owu way. .lust about 10 Dick and Mr. Buckley went out to have a look at the night, Nan and Mrs. Beckley sat, with the candles lighted, ready lor bed, awaiting the return of the men, to hear how things looked. Suddenly they dashed back into the room, their faces Mild with excitement. '* Oil, Nau !" Even in her wonderment the blood (lew to her face at the sound of her name upon his lips. " A ship, a ship," cried both at once, waving their arms rather wildly, " there, down there, down on the rocks." Nan, she did not know why, flew to call Jim and Tilly, and the three men l)c-gaii to make themselves ready for the Ktorm. Mr. Beckley took a coil of rope from its peg uear the fireplace, and having all taken oft: their coats, Jim had come into the room struggling Into his, and with liuul instructions to the womeu to have good tires In the sitting room ami kitchen, ami get out some more whisky, went out in the night. Nan flew here and there, busy helping, and trying not to think of the wreck outside ; but after a little she. could stand it no longer. Dick, whom she loved with all her soul, would perhaps be getting into danger, perhaps be drowned. Ho was ho brave and strong, never would he think of himself, she must see him again. . So cut into the darkness and storm Bhe too went. Having glaimwed the door after her, she stood for n second trying to collect herself. The rain had ceased, but the sea. and wind kept up their hideous concert. She picked up her skirts and ran swiftly down to the beach. As she drew closer the clouds began to part, anil the moon straight overhead gave horrid, fitful gleams of the lulling sea. Soon she saw a light that must belong to the i>oor vessel. She made her way straight towards Jt. and came suddenly upon Mr. Beckley. Dick, and .llin, stand ing on a little rise debating. She crept closer and h«sml Mr. Beckley My: Toor wretciie*, they are «tt. the rocks, beyond those cursed quicksands. U they try crossing they will be swal lowed up, n'iid if they remain where they are a Wg wave nmv come arid* cawy them all out to sea again. Then eatne the voice of Dick. " I know the crossing quite well : just tie the rope round me, ami I'm off. They won't try very far by themselves on these sands." When Nan heart! Dick offer to go, a sudden glory sprang into her heart; then the almost instantaneous thought, '• He will be drowned, Dick, my Dick." She sprang forward, stretching up her arms, crying: " Oh, Dick, don't go—don't go !" The three men turned at the sound of. her voice, but regardless of her pre sence clasped her arms round his neck, and Dick with that agonised voice call ing his name, the moon gleaming faintly on that sweet girl face so neav his own. the shining eyes, full of love and terror for him. and tilth the thought that ]terhnps ho was going to his death, and wonld never ace her u^aiu,' a snd <len feeling of great love came over him. He held her close in his arms, kissing the trembling lips, and wind blown hair, then in a broken voice, pushing her from him, sahl. " Little oue, I must go ; you would v >r uuike me a coward." And me rop«? being <lxed round his waist he went. Nan tried to sue through the dim moonshine, and now and ugniu liehcld one black form .lioviug cunrfally over the uaiTow Hue of rocks that ran through the sands out to the wreck. It was one hype blr.ck mass, the great waves rolling in, sometimes reach ing, sometimes falling back, white and ghostly, always with a mighty roar. Tliere seemed to Le but one lignr ou the boat, and this served Dick, evidently for a guide, for now a faint cheer came above the howling winds. He had reached the men. After what seemed an eternity to the three watches they .made out two figures coming Iwick. When near the mainland one, evidently Dick, turned back ; the other came on. .lim aud Mr. Beckley ran forwards, and a man's voice answered their hail, and soon they were helping a bcnnuil>e<l, ex hausted sailor up on to the firm laud. And now backward aud forward went Dick, till as many us fifteen had come ashore, and still Dick went back. This time they waited and waited, but he never came, aud Nan wandered up aud down, moaning .softly and star ing through the gloom. £be peered out over the sea, ami suddenly with a great cry called his name aloud, and there, plainly, a dark form was coining, slowly, oli how slowly, aud as it came nearer they saw it was Dick, but evidently carrying some one. They rushed down to meet him. head ing deep into the treacherous sands, for they could see by his wavering form that he could scarcely tfet along. "The lost thnuk (.Jod." ho ;ilmost fell. Mr. Beckley seized liis body, while .lim ran to Pick's aid. " She's a woman. t;iko care." Sue sank down to re?*t. And Xan, seized with ji sudden four that Dick might Bih> liei*, turned and How sSvittly up to the bouse again. All was iv readiness. Sirs. Berkley nud Tilly, hill of excitement, awaiting Hews. She tol<l them all about what she had Keen, ami before she had qulto ilnishcd her tttlo in fame .lim and Mr. Beekloy, supporting between them the figure of a woman, a long cloak covered her from head to foot, and being placed in a chair near the tire lay back motionless. Dick too, looking very white and done up, came in for a miuute, bur seeing the women folk busy went off to look after himself, and see about the seamen being lodged. There was a large room at the stables used for hay, and when they were rested and warmed .lim showed them where to camp. One tall, darl: man, evidently the captain, who ha« lieen standing up by the door like a sentinel, the fire light playing on his ghastly face, his black hair clinging to his fore head, heighteniug Ids uncanny appear ance, came forward as the last man moved out into the darkness, and, hold iug out his hand to Dick, said in a husky voice : " God knows, I've no words to thauk you with for your bravery, nor,*' turii iug to Mrs. Beckley, " all of you, for your kindness to me and my poor fel lows." He turned abruptly, anil went towards the door, but gtopi>ed, paused for a second, and with half-averted face said : " Could I see my little girl before turning in ?" Mrs. Beekley went off to see, but re lumed with the news that the patient luul been put to bed, and was sleeping soundly, so perhap? it would be best to leave her so. " But you, captain." she said, "had totter come along wild me. There is a shakedown in a little room off here." She led the way, the men all trooped out, and soon peace and oblivion fell over the household. The sun came up over a still sea with a broad smile ou his face, and danced and sparkled ami made morning glori ous, and where was sign of storm to be seen ? Not, surely, ou the still coast. Last night must have been only a lihkv 6us dream. So It must have seemed to the captain and mtuo of the crew as they made their way at tint- early hour towards the beach, but, coining sutl- Aealy ou the- poor hvljplesa boat, it proved to be a etern reality. Soou all their men were assembled, lookiug at their late home perched high.on the rocks, leaning in a drunken manner on her side. Homo tried to crocs. but the quicksands held them all at bay, and not till Dick put in an appearance did any one dare venture far. Up at the house the captain's daughlcv still lay in a heavy sleep. Xan flew hither and thither, dying to take a peep at the stranger ; wondering how Dick would meet her, and however they couid get enough to feed all those big men. The captain came iv to breakfast, nud then told them all something about himself. He was a coaster ; his boat, the (irace, bringing local productions and provisions from the small settlement to Brisbane. He had l>een at this'life for two years now. Two days pre viously they had suddenly got into the middle of the hurricane. The steam power was insufficient, and they had )>een quite at the meivy of the wind, and not until tiie night previous, when, with a frightful shock they had l>eeu lauded upon the rocks, had they known how near they were to laud. There was nothing to be done after some of the sailors, climbing ovcrltoard and try lag to make the laud, found they were hemmed iv, the sea on oue side and the still more to be dreaded shifting sand on the other. They had one lantern, which they hail managed to keep alight, and it had been a guiding star to Dick, aud their salvation. " Why I have had v more than usual tryiug time wns," continued the <ap? tain, " because my little girl was with me. She loves the sea, as do I, and having been almost all her life away from me in Eugland—l am a widower," lie said iv an aside—" aud, as I was saying, loving the sea, and only just having joined me, I took her this trip. So, Mrs. Becklvy," turning to that lady, "you can imagine iiy feel iugs, thinking I had only brought her with me to sec her ilrovined. Put. thanks to you, sir," loi-kiug very hard at Dick, " here we are thauk God.'* And Nan, sitting there silent and all attention, her face bright with love's excitement, stole a shy glance across at her lover, glorying in the glory in :tod . out to him. That morning everything was eommo liou. The men needed such a frightful lot to eat, aud when at last they had all gone off to the bench and the house was in quiet. Mrs. Beckley stole into the cap tain's daughter's room. put. some of Xan's clothes ready for her, and Xan oi>ciied a new package of hairpins and put them carefully near the looking glass, where she would be sure to see ihem. aud feeling very g.-iy and a liltlo Impatient at the sleeping powers of tho stranger, went into the sitting-room to write a vivid description honu; of ail the excitement. Soon she li'W'l «onnds of stirring in the next room The captain's daughter was awake and get tiny up. She rou her excHablc lltile liug<H*s through hot hair till it was all in wild curls round her face ; she almost bit tho toj> off her pen in tho vnin endeavour to act propel' sentences iv her letter. Looking up out of tho window every thing else flew out of her head except Ilie fact Hint Dick was coining straight up to the house. Yes !ho was coining to see her : he had not a chance all tho morning of a private word, and now ho was stealing away from the other* aud' was coming to seek her out. How should she behave V She must not look too happy when he told all his love, hut then how could she help it ? And now his footsteps could be heard, lie had readied the stops : out*, two, up; he came with his iirm tread, lv a moment he would be iv tho room.. Would he come over and put his arms round her as she sat there ? As he puslicd open the ildoi* the girl] raised her head, aud tho"smile died out: ♦>f her eyes as she looked upon his race. He stood there holding the door still, gazing straight over her head, wourier and admiration written on his face His lips parted as though an exclama tion had come to them aud died un uttered. Nan turned to follow his gaze, and suddenly the light seemed to have died out, or was it all centred on the ap parition that had just entered at the opposite door ? It was the captain's •" little daughter," and Nan looked upon the loveliest woman she had ever seen. For the space of a momeut none of them moved. Then the girl came quickly forward with her hands out stretched to Dick. " It was you," she exclaimed, " who> saved me aud all of us hist night! But for you I should have been drowned or smothered in the sands. Oh, how can I thank you ! Aud dropping her bauds at her side she stood with bowed head before him, her eyes filled with tears. Bui Dick, looking very unhappy and overcome, insisted that he had douc nothing—" only what any man would do," and to change tho subject turned to Nuu. The stranger, all smiles, turned to Nan also. " How good of you ro leud me all the thing)?," she said, look ing down at her rather short skirts as she siMikc. " I :un afraid Ido not re flect credit upon thorn," glancing at Nan's thin figure as she stood holding on to tl?e back of her chair ; but Nan— and Dick for the matter of that— thought otherwise* Now Mrs. Beckley en me iv with soup aud a little wive, aud Dick got her a chair, and Nan, suddenly become very Kileut, sat dowa to try and thluk over things a little. Soou they were in formed of tlie met that the stranger's name was Helen Lake, aud she told them of her flight au;l privations, and marvelled that she had recovered so soon, and was most entertaining and charming. At least Dick evidently thought so. As far as Nan could see, he never took his eyes oh* her once. She was tall— Nan's skirts did not quite reach io her aukles—largely built, slow in all her movements, as l>eca;ne her height aud lientity. Her bright golden hair was coiled round and round her small head iv innumerable plaits, uud lwtween each coil little unruly curls crept out aud clung round her temples uud ears. The very calmnes* of the face was beautiful; the straight darkly- shaded brows aud lashes overshadowed aud deepened tlie pure blue eyes. She spoke slowly aud distinctly, as though choosing her words. Nan thought such beautiful sweet lips were never seen before, aud the strauge little curl they took when she turned to her enter tainers to listen. When she entered the room her fair face was very pale, but later on a soft colour came into her cheeks aud her eyes brightened, aud Nan, lookiug to see What Dick thought of it all, ulinowt uttered a cry, seeing him leaning to wards Helen Lake forgetful of nil others—of himself, of Nan, hi* soul lost iv tlie contemplation of her beauty. And so in Nun's fiden the charm was broken. When Helen was by Dick could uot turn Ms eyes from her. The thousaud charms ttnd graces of this beautiful girl enslaved aud held him, perhaps unknowingly. She drew, him to her unaware of his friendship with Nan. The captain in the course of a few days sent all the sailors on to Brisbane, while he left Helen iv Mrs. Bcekley'* care, and went up to town to see his employers and to report himself, ami llml out if the l>oat could be iv any way, moved. Helen, Nau, and Dick crossed almost dally over to where she lay, bringing back whatever Helen suggested, but • after a little Nan refused to accompany them ; all the little Cares and atten tions that had once been hers we:v now transferred to her more beautiful rival. They would both laugliiugly call lu*r " little stay at home," and in a half hearted way ask her to join them in their long walk.-*, but whenever she di.l try to throw off tlie hopeless feel ing of despair that had come over her once gay spirits, she could not fail to see how she was indeed with them but not of them. Dick ? Oil. yes, Dick was nice nn<l Kind as he had ever been. Xsin <-i>ul«l not find it !u her heart: to blame lihu : it was all the fault of tluu fair-faced ii^l who luul come between thorn. If Urv father would ouly come, buck ami take • her a way ! Such was Nan's constant prayer. At times Dick would remember his old allegiance autl come bu.k to the true little heart that was breaking for love, qf him. Helen must have seen through all those long days and niirlits how things were with Nau. How her eyes would turn wistfully to the man's facu and light up when he spoke to her, and how iier sensitive little bunds would tremble and quiver when he would gladly turn from her to her rival. But Heleu, who had on her meeting with i, Dick. the morning after the wreck, seen the unveiled admiration in his face, be gan, perhaps for want of something better to do. perhaps because lie was a handsome man ami to her likin.tr and it was flattering to her vanity, to hold him captive, but ?kt the end of a week he had eyes but fov her. She wns lln> Indolent, exacting beauty who expected all and got li ; Nan. tho loving, willing, unselfish nature tlmt sMVtf'all. .and wtiose heart was being !>rol?ou as a reward. The gay voice rang no more through the house, no more were the wild flowers twisted in her dark hair, she did uot cave to gather them herself. They decked a golden head now. Mrs. Berkley noticed the change, and thought she was pining for home, or that the sea air was too strong for her. and made her eat dainty dishes ami stay in the house and rest, and Xan was only too glad of an excuse to stay by herself. One afternoon Dick and Helen had gone out. Holeu saying they intended taking a very long walk, and perhaps it would be too far for Nan now she was not strong. So she sat at home in the still house, every one out save Mra. Beckley. who had gone to have a lie clown. So Nan sat looking out on the sea waiting until Jim came In with the coai'h and brought the mail. Soon she heard the sound of wheels, and went out to the stables to see if he had any letters for her. . As soon as he had given Nan ... hen*, and also all the uews he had picked up on hig journey, the girl, with them unopened, turned from the clear ing and went up through the scrub to the " Look Out." It was a stHl. glorious afternoon, -the * silence broken now and again by an amused jackass or an txcited magpie. The sen lay still, the sandbanks plainly ' to be seen alternating with the indigo of '■ the deeper parts. Nan had not l>eeu up to the liibok Out for gome little time, and the glorious warmth and beauty of land and ocean came as a comfort to her, and she felt happier— more like the Nau of times past, the Nau who rend Gordon's poems aloud just for the pleasure ringing metre gave. She glanced ''through her letters, sticklug them into her belt as she finished, then took up the one she had left for the last, her mother's. It wag a letter full of all a mother's ; tenderness ami love, telling how all at Lome longed for her return; how her room had Ikhmi newly painted, aud looked so fresh ; how the ucw curtains were such n splendid match with the cartiet; how her young brother had beeu kept awake all night with tooth ache, but tley were in great liojk* of It going away vow, as ills face was moot terribly swelled. And as Nan rend tuts . sweet homely letter tlie loving gentle motlier's face caute np before her. and, leunlug her head ou her bands, sbe soblied aloud. ** Oh ! mother, mother." she whispered, " why did yon let me go away from yonV I shall go back and tell you all my troubles, and you will be kind and comf ort me. Oh, little mother, my heart is broken." And as she cried to herself she thought, " I shall get Jim to take me to the .train to-morrow. I must get back to mother ; but first I shall go ami say good-bye to tbe dear old places where I have beeu so happy." It was lv the morning of her happiness and love that we first saw Nan on the Look Out; it is'ln the even lug of her sorrow and grief we see her descend. It xvas getting rather late, so sticking her letters Into her l>elr aud tying her suu bonuet over her arm sbe ran swiftly along the cliff edge, through the tea-' tree and undergrowth, making her way towards- tbe beach.' She felt almost happy, and the bright colour came back to her face, the wind cuuglit aud curled her lialr round her little white ears and neck, so by the time she had gained tb??' sands and stood prepared to cross over to Ilie rocks on which the- iil-fnted vessel still lay it was the winsome Nun of old days one saw. She would go to the dear old place just for one last look. but she would not cry any more. Oh. no. She was quite brave now. aud would soon Im* with her mother, nud be com forted In iu?r troubles. Sh< Ruined the bijrh rocks, ami began to cross over them, for on the far .side was a ledge of rocks that formed a seat where she and Dick only such v short tiim- ngo had snt. and he had told her of his own people, and looked his love out of his dear eyes. The splashing of the llttlj waves drowned the sou ml of her feer, a murmur was ou the air, she paused—it was so human—and' the thought came back again to her how she had om-e believed the sound of the sea to fe the voices of the thousands aud thousands of drowned semis protesting against.their watery graves. Suddeuly as though arrested by some all-powerful force Nau slopped. Sht> had turned a large boulder, and there before her were Heleu and Dick. Tho man stood holdiag the girl's clasped htuuls up against his lips, ami as Nau gazed on he slowly parted them, and drew the unresisting arms arouud hit* neck, a art as he beut towards the beautiful glowing girl, and Xaa saw in his face his passionate love, she turned, her bonnet slipped from her arm, her face, white and haggard, looked as though she had come suddenly upon some hideous horror.« and she stretched her iirinn out as though she had been struck blind, and so she was ; blinded with misery. Although feeling her way her eyes, wild mal-whle. gassing «"t straight be fore her. she csime down on to the cross ing. Out across on to it she ran, led by au instinct, but when she came to where it narrowed she seemed suddenly to grow frightened and uncertain. She made a false step, tried to regain her footing, but—vainly—tlie cruel sands drew her down. down. In her terror she seemed to lose all power of speech, and like one paralysed, with eyes terror stralned. sank deeper and-deeper. When at length the cold sands touched her chin her voice rang out, shrill and unearthly : " Mother, oh mother, save me !" At the cry the lovers sprung apart aud gazed horrified ,iuto each other's eyes. Then Dick turned, and. springing over the rocks, came on tho white sun-bonnet, aud looking wildly around called, " Nan ! Nan !" in his terror. He ran out on to the crossing, looking on either side for a sign, but found none. Sweet little Nan with her great sorrow had . passed to where we trust all are able to bear their griefs, and was seen no more. Late that night n man came down again to the shivering suuds, a man with lines drawn on his young face that time would but deepen.. He came aa though to cross over to the rocks v.htTe the vessel rose black aud ghost-llko through the gloom, but with a sudden horror turned away. and. seating himself on the shore with his arms clas|>ed round his knees, sat looking out before him. . . In that hour bitter and sad mu??t have been his thoughts.-as dearly up before him caute nil that hod been between him and the drowned girl. Her sweet face aud floating hair; her changes from sadness to laughter ; her many pretty ways, all rose before him. and he knew she had seen him with her fairer rival, but he could not and did not be lieve she had williugly fallen into the sands. . While in the bitterness of hi* spirit he mused there a seagull, disturbed from its rest, cainc white and gleaming out of the darkness down towards the solitary watcher, and then with a long, strange cry flew out to sen. It: seemed to Dick as if the soul of Nan had come nud bid den him farewell. ...... 