CAEEIED M SIO&M.; BY MBS. rAY-Ai&NES; ZZ,mSI8G. Author of' A Mad Marriage,' 'A little Queen? &a.; past ni.' CiHAFTEEIV. AFTER XK3NO TEABS. . 'So glad to meet you once more, my dear boy,' that great and gracious lady oxclaiois, ' and looking- so ejtramely ?nnbnrncd and well. V»re heard you had rotaroed with the Ventaors, and were staying at that .charniing villa. And how is Mra.Ventnor, and the lovely Olga, after tneir,prolonged CSpntL-^ntai touv?!' ' Mrs Ventnor is much as usual, and' Olga rather lovelier than usual,' says Frank. ' And when axe wo to congratulate you, Mr. Xivingston,?T flays the elder MiBs Huntly, a dashing and daring brunette, but not quite so young as she used to be. -Ah! we hear more than you think, we stay-at-homes. We ex pected Oiga would have captured a duke at least, so many English girls are mak ing brilliantmatches tbis year. And yet there sae is, {a belie des belies, back again, and — as to understand — unattached. But you can open the mysteries, uo doubt?' ' I only know Olga has refused half the peerage,' says Livingston, with calm mendacity. 'As for your -very, flattering hints. Miss Huntly, you do me too much honour in. inferring I have any thing to do withit. I might as well love some bright particular star, and so on, as my beautiful cousin Olga. Such daughters of the gods are not for im pecunious artists as myself. Ah, here is Miss Wild, and as' Marguerite, singing the the famous « Jewel Song.* Hov well, she is lcoTring, r.nd ia -whit - capital voice she is to-night.' -?Youhavc seen fcer before?' Mi«s Brenda Huntly enquires. . ' Once 'before at a concert last Mon day night. Her voice has tbe ring of mountain 'bells/ and what pathos and dramatic force sho has. She wo eld make -a fine actress. It strikes me Miss Wild grows oa one. I liko her better now than. I did oven then.' ' Oh, she is lovely,' erica Miss Brenda, gushingly. '* Wo are tbe greatest friends. She is received by the very best people. She is perfectly charming in private life, and, unlike . most artists, always so -milling to sing, She comes to us to-nightaf ter the concert. Mamma has a reception. I think her drawing room songs are even more beautiful than her stage singincr.' ** Come and make her acquaintance,9', says Mrs. Huntly. 'Thanks — I will,' Livingston re sponds. He js exceedingly taken by Miss Wild. He loves music almost more than be does art, and her voice, her look, are bo sympathetic that they draw him irresis tibly. Besides,' he -want* to' discover wkat is that familiar look about her that so perplexes him now. ' Who is Wiss Wild!' . he cs^s, as in the midst of hearty applause, she quits the stage. ™ Ah ! who, indeed ? returns the elder Miss Huntly. 'Find . somebody to answer that if yon can ! No cne knows ; she arose first a little pale star, and went on shining .and enlarging until she is the star of first magnitude. You see her now.. Hark to the clapping— sho will return in a moment — they always encore her songs. Flattering,- but rather a bore, I should think. Here she is. What will she give us now, I' -wonder?' An'hour loiter he stands in the Huntlv* .drawing-room, and awaits his introdnc-. ion to the cantatriee. ? He cannot tell why hte'-is so vividly interested in' her, unless it Is caused by that puzzling familiarity, But interest ed and impatient he is, and as he has never been, to meet any artist of the kind before. 'Mr. Livingston, Miss Wild,' says simply his hoetese and be looks down. into dark, jewel-like eyes, into a smiting face. ....... He. is conscious of bowing and mur muring' nis. pleasure — another moment and someone else has claimed her, and she tnrris^is gone. He looks after her tnth knitted brows, and ever deepening perplexities. That tall figure, that gentle, earnest faee, those great gem-lite eyes— they are in some mysterious way as \reli known to him as his own faie in the glass. He tries to approach her more than once as the evening wears cn, but she is always surrounded. The' charm «f her manner evidently carries . all before it, as well as the charm of her voice. Presently, when he ib about to give up in despair, he hears her singing, and makes his way to the piano. The words sbe sings he has never heard .before — the air is tender and very sweet. ' My darling .' raydarlicg ! my darling ! ^ Do yea know how I want you to-night :? Thewind passes, moaning and snarling. Like some evil ghost cm its night. ' \- On the wet street -your lamp's gleam shines redly You are sitting alone- — did yob .start As I spoke ? Did j-cu guessat this deadly Chill pain in my lieari r . *- ?Out here where the dull rain is falling, Just once — just a moment — I wait; Did you hear the sad voice, that was Your name, as I paused by the gate? . . It was just a merebre&th;, ah, I know, dear, Not even iktve's ears could have heard ; But, -oh, I tras hungering so, dear. For ore little *?ord. Ah, me ! for a xvord that could move you, Like a vridsper of magical »xt ! I love you'! I love you ! I love you ! There is no ether word in my heart ? -11 . She look up ; her eyes meet his. _ His she been conscious of bis presence tliero ailsJci-g? Her hands strike the wrong chords; there is ajar and discord; a flush-rises over her ---face; she laughs, and suddenly breaks off. . . . 'Oh, go on !' half a dozen voices cry ; *« that is lovely.' ' I sing it from memory.' Miss Wild says. ' It is a little poem I lit upon the other day in a magazine, and it seemed to fit some music I had. I will sing you something better instead.' She sings'' Kathleen Mavourneen,' and looks ao more at Frank Livingston. He stands wondering, and «f his won der finding no ana. He turns over absently some sheets of music bearing her bame, and, as he does so . from one of them a written page falls. . It is the song ehe has broken off in stantly he oorni its petty larceny, and piits it in his poo!rat. . ?* Ic will swve us an excuse to call up on Ler and restore her property,' thinks this 'artful donger..' Find out trho sue is I uji; . :, cr I shall.perisn. miEfci ably of curiosity.'* 'Kathleen ZL.'ivoarncen'is finJsbsd, *nd she makes a motion to rise; bat her listeners seem insatiable. (To be continued.) 