KANGAROO HUNT ON PBAHBAN PRAIRIE EXCITING ADVENTURE. A GIDDY MARSUPIAL RUSHES THE WATOHHOUSE. PROMPTLY LOCKED UP. Somo amusement, ntiri.no little ex citement, was occasioned In Chapel street, Frahran, at an early hour this morning consequent on the escape of a large kauguruo from confinement. The marsupial had been caged en pre mises in Soutli Ynrrn', and had ntruct- ed a good deal of-atteutlon from pas sers by. for some time. It is not clear how he managed to break gaol, though various theories are suggested, among thenv'tUe.rfavt.thnt some small boys wero recently seen hanging round the nctghlmrhood evidently wlUi the de- termination of witnessing some fun. as a kangaroo1 hunt might be reasonably expected to afford. The first intimation that the neigh borhood had'of anything being wrong was when a lady lu a dreadful state ot excitement and a sleeping garment rushed lutoa friend's house and report ed that she hail seen the ghost. She sold that it had Just put its head In nt the open window of hor bedroom, and that on hearing her sercttut It had hounded off up the right-of- way with Its tall over Its arm. The next report was that the Tnntauooln tiger hod reached Mell>ourac, and was at that moment careering wildly about the streets, seeking for pray. Constable Lloyd was apprised from half-a-dozen sources lu as many min utes of the presence of some awful danger In the community. So many and so conflicting were the rot>orts that he was almost forced to the conclusion that not ouly was there one nnlnml ut large somewhere lu the district, but tlint a whole menagerie hud been turn ed loose. His doubts were finally set nt rest by n definite report from a well- knowu resident to the effect that a kangaroo on which he placed great value bad got out of his rage and was nt last accounts outward bouud for his , unlive heath. Il was now that the excitement started in earnest, for by this time not only was the neighborhood alarmed, butmauy were nvmed. and a -cliusc started ou a scale that bus hardly been eclipsed. When the kangaroo saw a constable and a large, bulk of the unemployed imputation of the country advancing at tlte double It determined not to lie captured wlthoutan effort. Conflucmet had deprived it of none of its old dash, so striking out It bounded off at the top of Its speed. As Its pursuers, several of whom followed lu ft cab, gained on It, It turned up n right-of- way, took a feuco at the fly, alighting in an open lane, down which (t hopped till H came to the police stntlou.whcrc it stopped and claimed the protection of the law. When at last the pursuers came up they fottnd the affrighted animal stand- lag at hay In the corner of a yard ad joining the lockup la uu attitude of unmistakable defiance, ns If inviting all- and sundry rtoVMcome on." " — 'After some preliminary sparring the kangaroo made n tremendous spring with the object of clearing his assail ants and making his escape. He aligh ted right ou top of Constable Lloyd, felling him to the ground, nml a severe struggle ensued. Being on top, the marsupial had slightly the best of it, hut with a superhuman effort Con stable Lloyd rolled him over, and assis tance-, l>clng at bund the animal's cap ture was 'effected. Lloyd came through Hie ordeal with out a scratch, hut Ids uniform was co vered with mud. The kangaroo was "run In!' to one of the cells, and was kept a close prisoner for some hours. Then lie was hailed out by his owner, who went guarantee for his future good behavior. 