SPIRITUALISM. _ — ? i Interesting Experiences. Messrs. Maskelyne and Cook. The recent «o-called spiritualistic mani festations by Mrs. Mellon and their expo sure by Mr. Hosting and others has again brought this fascinating subject promi nently before the wonder-loving public, a small number of whom are still/believers in supernatural visitations from spirit land, and no wonder, for at first sight they seem unexplamable. We might just as well attribute clever conjurors' tricks which we cannot understand to the super natural, and with more reason, as a really clever conjuror can outdo the spirits alto gether. Mr. Hosking may have fairly won his £50, but it may require a cleverer man than he is to get it. Messrs. Maskelyne and Cook, of the Egyptian Hall, Picca dilly, placed .£1000 in a bank in London, and agreed to forfeit the same if the so called spiritualists at that time in London (I think about the year 1878) could pro duce anything in their special line, that they could not do better. This was a fair challenge, but, strange to say, was never taken up. Why? the spiritualists and their friends only know, but the public were not far wrong when they said it is because they could not do it. Mr.Hosking'a very successful attdmpt at introducing the usually shy, skittish 'Gissie' (as a rule only to be coaxed out and materialised when good material chocolateis about)seemsvery funny, but like her spirit Mends 'Geordie' and 'Josephine,' they all are evidently more commandable by a stranger like Mr. Hosking than by a celebrated medium like Mrs. Mellon, of renown, on the other side of the world as well as this. The writer has on several occasions seen some - most marvellous tricks done by Messrs. Maskelyne and Cook, and was fairly nonplussed at the time, but knows a deal more about them now, and also feels perfectly convinced they are not super natural, but simply what they were said to be at the time, nothing but clever trickery. Having been on several occa sions on the stage at the Egyptian TTa.1T and helped to tie up dif ferent professors of trickery and otherwise hinder, if possible, the due per formance of that which they were about to do before a crowded audience, I have tied the professor as tightly as I knew how by both of his hands, one on each side, down to the seat in the then celebrated cabinet, and the next moment after shutting the door a hand came out of the cabinet through a nine-inch hole in the top of the door and seized me by the hair of the head. I was so surprised that I said what I should not have said -in the presence of ladies. He then released his grasp, and the audience of course roared with laughter at me. I was then instantly requested to open the door of the cabinet, and there was the professor' tied up just as I left him with every knot perfect. Again I shut the door, and the same occurred, minus the lapsus linguae, which the audience I thought seemed to miss. ' This trick I can . now do myself; I simply thought the matter out well, and succeeded, so I knew from that time it was, as I have stated before in this letter, clever trickery. The getting out of the bag by Mr. Hosking is robbed of much of its wonder by a still more clever trick of the kind done by Messrs. Maskelyne & Cook, in which I also took a part as a preventer, if possible, of its due performance. In this trick two other gentlemen besides myself were asked to step up on the platform from out of the audience, and also act aspreven tors or detectors of the trick if possible, but we all three failed to discover anything, and to this day I am as wise as before how the trick is done, but I have a shrewd guess. After the two gentlemen had mounted the platform Mr. Cook, I think it was, told the audience that he required our aid to tie up, as well as we knew how, one of the protessors, nrstly in a sack (which we duly examined), and afterwards sealed up a la Hosking. Here I may say that being determined if possible to detect this trick and see if the professor had an accomplice, I quietly took out my pencil and made a small cross on his shoulder unknown to him. This I did while examining him on the stage to see if he were a real human being or not, and for the purpose of after identification. We all three agreed that he was mortal like our selves, but evidently more artful. After this a carpet was brought in and laid down on the platform, next a large box about 4ft x 2ft x 2ft; it had a lock and hinges, and we opened and shut, and turned it over again and again, examined and banged it about to see that it was a sound box, and we discovered nothing to the contrary, and decided that it was no thing but an ordinary large clothesbox, with, a lid of a half-round form, like many another 'made and sold. We were then asked to, and did place the professor in this box and locked him in. ., Next a cover of canvas was brought in and we put it on and tied the tapes and sealed them. Next a cord was brought in and we corded the box and sealed the cords, putting our seal on them. We were then asked to lift the box, and it was quite enough for two of us to do, and we all three agreed that there was no doubt but that the professor was safely inside. After some small lapse of time,' say about one minute, we were again asked to lift the box; this time it was at least ten stone lighter, and we were instructed to cut the cords, take off the canvas, and . unlock the box to release, oar captive. Fancy our astonishment, and that of the audience, when we found he was not in the box, and to satisfy the audience we turned the box up towards them, and showed them he was not there. The excitement -was intense. Mr. Cook blew a whistle, and the professor then came from the back of the platform just as we saw him before, and on his left shoulder was my pencil cross that I placed there while examining ^»*n. Comment is unnecessary, it completely staggered us and the audience, and converted, I think, not a few spiritualists that night. Can Mrs. Mellon do thiB? Can Mr. Hosking do this ? But having seen and helped in this and otber clever tricks, is it any wonder I am not a believer in spooks ? Tricks of all kinds were done by these same people, far too numerous to mention in a letter, amongst them was the cele brated 'Zoe,' to all appearance a clockwork model, which would play a game of whist with any three gentlemen in the audience, and mostly win. This wants to be seen to be. appreciated. Also the dummy musicians, all wind instrument players, brought in one by one and put down by the footlights, these would play in concerts or singly. Again, the dummy . sketcher, brought on to the platform like 'Zoe' (the whist player), and placed upon a large white glass cylinder, about two feet six inches high and one foot in diameter, this -was done so that . the audience . could see that there was no communication by wir9s or otherwise. This dummy -sketcher would, when asked, draw the portrait of any known public man, and successfully too. But to be more spiritual, I have seen dark seances in the same hall by Messrs. Mas kelyne and Cook, and ghostly forms made to ascend and descend, and go all round the hall over the people's heads, and re turn again to the platform on which I stood. This was generally accompanied with weird music and. the flying around of phosphorised tambourines in all directions. When I witnessed this I -was on the platform, and attempted to pick up one of the tambourines whi^h fell at my feet, but it. eluded my grasp very quickly, as much as to say, 'No yon don't.' 1 may mention that during the dark seances the audience were always particularly requested not to strike a match, as the performance was only clever trickery, and the audience never once broke this rule, because Messrs. Maskelyne and Cook were straight with them. I may add that I knew several spiritualists in London, and believe that there are many persons' honest believers in spirits and spiritualism, but they are generally nervous and excitable people, who see, or fancy they see, a ghost- in every corner, and are to he pitied. Lastly, I was a witness at Bow-Street police station, London, at Dr. Slade's preliminary examination before the magis trates, and there at the request of the presiding magistrate did the slate writing trick on the bench, and the case was chiefly through my evidence sent for trial, I was also at the trial at Westminster, as a witness with Messrs. Maskelyne and Cook, Dr. Lankester (the prosecutor), and many others, when Dr. Slade escaped by the skin of his teeth, as there was a flaw in the indictment, the two little words 'or otherwise' being omitted. By this simple omission in the indictment of the prosecution, the clever and well-known Sargeant Ballantine broke up the trial, and Dr. Slade went out of the court with his tail between hie legs, and -went straight away to Russia, knowing full well that Dr. Lankester (the prose cutor) would have had another shot at him if he stayed in England. When Dr. Slade was let out of court Dr. Lankester (the prosecutor in this case) also stamped and shocked the ladies after the manner of the writer of this when his hair was seized in the Egyptian Hall, but a deal worse. Trusting the foregoing facts will be of some service in convincing the wavering spiritualists of the folly of attributing these natural but clever performances to the so-called supernatural, SPOOKS. 