Religions Instruction. Discussion in the Anglican Synod. Rsolntions Adopted. Tuc question of religious instruction in Stato schools formed tho subject of a somewhat pro longed disoussion in tho Diocesan Synod on Wednesday. subject, moved : — (<v) That this Synod doBlros to record its protest against tho abaonco of religious teaching from tho Stato schools of tho colony. (6) That in the opinion of tho Synod a partial measure of relief would bo obtained by tho adoption of clauso 17 of tho Now South Walos Act into tho Educational codo of tho oolony. (c) That his Lordship tho President bo (and liore- by la) respectfully requested to petition tho Legislature in tho namo of tho Synod in tho sonsa of tho foregoing resolutions. Tho Rev. T. Jones seconded tho resolution. Archdeacon David moved that tho following clauso ehould bo substituted for clauso (6) of tlio motion:— That this Synod desires to reaffirm tho polioy contained in tho council's report for 1891— namely, tho adoption of clauso 7 of tho Public Instruction Act of Now South Walos— and also wonld further recommend the inclusion of olauso 17 of tho said Aot into tho Existing Education Act of this colony. Canon Matthews secoodod tho amondmont. Mr. Elliot Bland gavo gonoral support to tho question of religious education in tlio Stato schools. In tho course of his spooch ho said ho agreed with Mr. Hoggins as to tho low morality nf children attending Stato schools. A friend of his recently sent his children to a State school, but had to withdraw thotn after tho first day. Ho said ho could not allow tho children to bo contaminated by tlio torribto lancuago used by othftr eliiMpnn itnri rnnnvlnri hv Ointn nn tlin!p return from sohool. Ho suggoBtod that tho inattor should bo brought undor the notlcoof tho Minister for Public Instruction, but his friond said that if ho mado a complaint it woutd mako his position vory uncomfortablo iu tho country district in which ho was living. Persons in uisinosa knew mora than others what need thorn was for religious training of tho young. Mr. L. E. Groom said that as a product of tlio system of education which had been condcmnod —ob ono who had passed through tho Stato school, tho Grammar School, and tlio University In whloh tho religious oducation was oxcludod —ho strongly resented tho charges which had boon tnndo ueaiut tho Stato sohool toachors of tho colony, There wore Stato school tcachors in tho colony whoso morality or religion could not bo impugtiod, although they did not toaoh reli gion. (Hoar, hear.) Ho admitted that all teachers wero not perfect, any moro thau all members of tho Synod were. But many of thom were members of congregations, nearly everyone of them. Uov.Canou Warner: "No." LIo sin cerely honed tlio idea wonld not got abroad that tho Synod gavo color to tho idoa that thorowasa want of moral tono among tlio toachors. Ho also resented tho charge that had boon mado against thn children who ntlondod Stato schools. He regretted that tho amondmont had boon moved, because ha behoved thst aftor so many yoars somo practical step should bo takon. Apotition to thu Uouau would bo so much waste paper. It was imporativo that Quoonalaud, if slio wantod tn occupy a position iu tho world, must havo a proper system of national oducation. But there was u hlghor duty imposed on tho churches, and ho would bo vory sorry to hoar them say tlioy wore unable to toach religion and wantod to hand tho work ovor to tho Stato. Tho churches should say, "Grant us soma motlioa of giving religious teaching during tlio week, and wo will tttko ndvantnga of tho mothod and impart such instruction." In Iho condition of Queensland hor present system of education had boon ines timably good. Ho hoped tho Chureb of England would loyally join hands with other denomina tions, mid soo whothor somo praotic&l; good conld not coma out of tlio discussion. Tlio motion aa it utoods was a perfectly practi- cablo one, and bo boliovod it would givo tho relief which woo sought. It was utterly im possible for tho denominations to support schools, and it should bo thoir object to co- oporato with thn other churches in tho endeavor to get tho seventeenth clauso of tho New South Wales Act introduced into our Eduoation Act. That was all they could expect to get at tho present timo. Tlio Roy. St. John Pugho sympathised to somo extent with tho previous speaker, and ho thought that on consideration of tho amond mont ho wonld soo his way to adopt it. Air. W. II. Groom roviowedat somo longth tho history of tho education movement in Queens land, and strongly favored religious instruction in Stato Boiiools on tlio same basis as now oxisted in Now South Wales. Aftor further discussion Archdeacon David's nimmomons wns carnca. Ciausn (e) of tho motion was amended by omitting tbo part referring to a potition to the Legislature and inserting a request that tho foregoing resolutions should be communicated by thu Bishop to the Biblo in Stato Schools League. Tho amondmonts as amendod woro tlion car ried. Denting with tho subject Thursday's Tele graph has tho following remarks:— As thus finally amendod and loft, tho resolution is a poor weak-looking tiling. Bishop Wokbor is understood to liavn shaded his eyos aud loobod at it. remarking, solto voce, "Wonder what I shall do with it." Tho resolution, and tlio dis cussion on it, if it may be called n discussion, showod how utterly some members of tho synod failed to grasp the situation. Had tliero boon any reality In section (a) of tho motion it must have been denn knocked out of it by thn cruol conduct of Mr. L. £ Groom. A ghost's ap- pcarunco on tho scono could hardly have croatod more atarm to a clerical mind. Tito first utauso of tlio motion deplores tho absnnco of religious toaohing from " tho 9tato schools of tho colony." Undor anxioty for religion ovon a clergyman may bo forgiven for such a spcoimon of composition ; and Mr. Groom took no odvnn- tago of tlio solocism; but In tho most heartless manner ho remarked that ho had boon through and had obtained hm oducation in theso schools, and yet thero ho wns a synods- man. Ho has, it sooms, graduatod from a primary school to a grammar sohool, from a grammar sohool to a university, -and from a university to an Anglican Synod. Iu theso schools ho passed uncommouly woll, and finally obtained tho hlghost degrees possible to date. Being still a very young man ho yet is an Anglican churchman of recognised character, equal to his being modo a member of tho Synod of his churoh. It is not for him, or thoso who think with him to show that ho is an exception ; it is for thoso who say that no religion is taught in our primary schools to show that tho absonco of such toaohing is responsible for any part of either tho immorality or tho criino in Australia. Not ono of tho speakers attempted to do it. They all of them indulged in unprovable gone ralltics as to what oduoatlon nhould bo in regard to rolfglon ; but no ono showod that it would bo praeticsblo in mixed and frco com- muoitioB ; no ono brought forward a grain of fact in proof of tho allegation that uo religion is taught in 8lato sohools ; nor was thoro a grain of fact to show that the community is sufforing from tho lack of it. Wc do not say that it in not ; but only that no proof of it was given. If it could bo givon in piios of statistics, ovory pago af ithom could bo used to show that tho present publio schools systems in Australia, in regard to tho non- inclusion of special religious Instruction, sro wholly duo to tho unreasonable aud irreconcilablo attitude of tho ohurches. 