THE DEMONSTRATION AT THE TOWN HALL. A characteristic welcome was extended to General Booth at the Town Hall. For the purpose, the building had been fully invested by the Army, so that the regalia, flags, and insignia of the organisa- tion were in evidence everywhere, and the scene pre- sented was an impressive one. The audience was one of the largest that have ever assembled in the building. A massed band was stationed on the dais, and surrounding it were the principal officers of the Army, and also many visitors to whom special invitations had been extended. The front of each of the three galleries was concealed by a huge banner each denoting some phrase of the demonstra- tion. On one were the words-" Loyalty, love, and greetings to our beloved general and father. " On another banner were the words - ' N. S. Wales officers and soldiers salute their general " On a third banner were displayed these words ' Red-hot welcome to Commissioners Coombs and Pollard, Colonel Laidley, and Staff. " Amongst the visitors were the Hon Sir Joseph Abbott (Speaker of the Legislative Assembly), the Mayor (Alderman the Hon S E Lees, MLC), the Hon. E. Vickery, MLC, Dr Graham, M L A , Mr Hawthorne, M L A , and Mr. Harvey, M L A , the Revs. Dr Roseby, Dr. Frackelton, J E Carruthers (President of the Wesleyan Conference), E Moore (City Mis- sion), F B Boyce, E T Dunstan, Samuel Wilkin- son, J Dixson, P Colwell, James Colwell, and Dunn, and Messrs David Walker (general secretary Y M C A ), W White (ex Chairman of the Baptist Union), C E Wigzell, Alderman Jessep, and Mr J S Shearston. General Booth on his appearance on the pratform was greeted with a succession of demonstrations of welcome, which were of a most enthusiastic character. First of all there was a general outburst, in which the musical instruments took a prominent part, next there was a series of volleys, and later still there was a general waving of handkerchiefs, the effect being very striking. The earlier portion of the proceedings also included the singing of the hymn " To the Front" and a trio entitled " I'll follow Thee, of Life the Giver. " Sir Joseph Abbott said that he had been asked that evening to introduce them to the General, and he had also been asked to accord him on their behalf a hearty welcome to the city of Sydney. He did not think that he need do one or the other. The General was better known to them than to him, and their hearty welcome to him that night showed that his visit to Sydney was as appreciated by those with whom he was associated, and that he was also appreciated by thousands and thousands who did not belong to the Salvation Army. (Applause. ) When he was asked to preside at that meeting, he made up his mind that no matter whatever inconvenience it might be to him he would not let anything stand in the way of showing his sympathy with this great cause. (Applause .) He knew well, perhaps better than most citizens, having travelled over most of the colony, the good work that the Salvation Army was doing in the most remote country districts in New South Wales. Away out in the electorate he repre- sented, 700 miles from Sydney, he had seen a mag- nificent band and a very enthusiastic branch of the Salvation Army. Nearer than that - in Balranald - he had seen a good army assembled doing a good work; in fact, wherever he went he found the army doing a great amount of good. (Applause. ) Let him say this, that if the army in a country town only reclaimed one individual it was doing good. He had seen the army lift men from drunkenness and utter worthlessness to be good citizens. (Applause. ) Not long ago he was in a small country town when he was passed by a man whom he had known all his life to be a drunkard wearing the uniform of the Salvation Army. (Applause.) He made inquiries about that man, and found that from the day he joined the army until then his conduct had been most exemplary, and he was doing well as a tradesman in the town. He felt that the great success of the army arose through their organisation and through their enthusiasm. He had seen them ridiculed and howled at, but notwithstanding all the derision cast upon them they were not afraid to give utterance to their thoughts and to their convictions. (Applause.) They were not afraid to give expres- sion to their love for the cause which they served, and he believed that that cause was the redemption of humanity. They were not afraid to tell people home truths in their own rough way - because it was a rough way - and it came home to the peoplo they were addressing. He had only, in conclusion, to say of the Salvation Army the beautiful words of Samuel Coleridge - He prayeth best who loveth best All things both great and small. for he believed that the Salvation Army prayed best because they realised the fact that they loved their suffering humanity, and were trying to redeem the people among whom they resided. All he could say to them and to the General was " God bless you and prosper your missions wherever they may be." (Loud and continued applause.) Commissioner Coombes then welcomed the General on behalf of the officers, soldiers, and friends of the Army in New South Wales. He said that many of them owed all they had for this life and for the next to that great Army and to their dear General, who, 30 years ago, stepped out and gave up his life to the salvation of men and women. They now had a mighty army all over the world, and that meeting was a little evidence of the power and influence of this mighty organisation in the mother colony. (Applause. ) General Booth, who upon rising to respond received an ovation together with the firing of "volleys," commenced his address by saying - Mr Chairman, ladies and gentlemen, comrades and friends, soldiers of the Cross, - What shall I say in response to the magnificent reception, the magni- ficent welcome, that you have been pleased to accord to me in this city, in this hall, this evening?" He went on to say that such welcomes as these, such receptions as the one he had had the privilege to receive that night, and which he had in the order of God's providence been receiving almost all round the world, only tended to humble him in the dust, and to make him feel how un- worthily he had discharged the task and fulfil the wonderful opportunity which God had placed before him. They did, at least, lead him to desire that the prayers that were being offered on his behalf in so many parts of the world would be answered, and that he might be allowed to live a little longer to prove himself more worthy, and that God would give him more grace to make him more worthy of the gratitude and the expectation formed concerning him. He desired this in order that he might deserve, in some measure, the esteem in which they hold him. He was not exactly in talking condition that evening, and he would have many opportunities of speaking to them, but still he thought that he was expected to say something to them that evening about the Salva- tion Army, of which he supposed he ought to know something, if anybody knew anything at all. (Applause and laughter. ) Whenever he attempted the task of speaking of the work of the Salvation Army there was generally one feeling that met him and took possession of his mind, and that was the desire that he could dissociate his personal connection with the movement and appear on the platform and speak as though he had had no connection with what had been accomplished in the past or with what would be done in the future. He was sure that if he could do this he would be able to speak more freely, but it could not be. He was a Salvationist from top to toe. (Applause. ) He believed in the Salvation Army more and more every day he lived, and while he re- joiced in the triumphs of the past, he was more than ever occupied with the fullest confidence as to the mighty victories to be achieved in the future. What should he say about this movement? and where should he begin? He would have to go back 50 years. It seemed to him sometimes as though the Salvation Army was born with him, and that he came into existence with it. It was about 30 years ago that he laid himself on the altar, and consecrated himself to the service of his fellow man receiving salvation not only for himself but desiring to be useful to those around him. Christianity came to him not merely in a selfish guise, not merely in the selfish aspect of saving himself, reckless of what was going to happen to those about him. After he had laid himself on the altar, submitted himself to Him and received His salvation, he had a desire to be useful to those about him to glorify his Master. No sooner had he found salvation for himself than his heart turned to his fellows, and he was led almost immediately to urge upon tho poorest and most neglected to seek salvation. The army was a movement which called upon men and women to consecrate themselves to the work which went to the bedside of the sick and of the dying, which led them to funeral processions and to grave sides, and to every part or neighbourhood to which they could get access, in order to gather in the lost and wandering sheep. They had at that time a miniature Salvation Army. Some persons tried to lead him astray and make a minister of him, and they very nearly spoiled him altogether. He took to making sermons, which was a very dangerous task and often led young disciples astray. Nevertheless, God was very good to him. He went through a long ordeal until he was brought back to Salvationism pure and simple. For a long time he wandered about the old country trying to draw the masses out. It seemed to him that there were two worlds. There was the Christian world and the worldly world. There was a world outside the Churches of which the inside world knew very little. He yearned to get outside. He wanted to get away, to get into freedom. At last he went out so that he might the more effectually evangelise and reach the masses. He came to the eastern part of the great metropolis of London. He had been pressed into that service. He did not think that he had great capacities for dealing with the lower depths of iniquity - those lower strata of wandering men and women. He watched the crowds as they streamed in and out of the gin palaces, and he heard their ribaldry and blasphemy. He saw the criminals and the crowds. They told him where he stood there were a million people 95 per cent of whom never crossed the threshold of a church, but were as ignorant of salvation as the heathen of distant lands. He realised that there was a parish for him if he wanted to tell of Christ to those who needed Him most, and he gave himself up and consecrated his life to seek the consecration of those great crowds. And out of that consecration the Salvation Army had grown. (Cheers. ) It was very well known that they did not meet with any great success at the outset. He did not know what was going to happen. He did not know what course his labours were going to take. All he knew was that there were people perishing, dying of sins, of foul disease, of the foulest corruption, and he had the remedy and he believed in the remedy. (Ap- plause. ) He believed in the salvation of God, and that it was salvation for this life as well as for the life to come. And they began to see miraculous transformations of character, and wonderful re- formation, and resolutions of men and women. And that encouraged them to go forward. He had no plan except to take hold of men and women and tell them there was salvation for them, and salvation on the spot. They went to the masses, and they soon found help. They established first one corps, and the people said, "How are you going to get your preachers ? " His answer was out of the public-houses, where there were some wonderful preachers if they could only got their gifts consecrated and sanctified. And had they not proved it? (Applause. ) For a long time they pushed their way forward in spite of all manner of difficulties. He supposed that 15 years passed over before any great splash was made in the world. During that period the roots of the organisation were going deep down and taking hold of tho Rock of Ages, so that now its boughs were reaching to the uttermost parts of the world. (Cheers .) He had no idea of forming a separate organisation. He was opposed to doing so, but he found himself compelled to that course. After that season had passed in London, the movement began to spread throughout the land, and it filled the old land. It went over the border to Scotland, and then crossed to Ireland. Then the first expedition, headed by his daughter, went to France. That young girl with five or six others took up their quarters in one of the lowest and most wicked portions of Paris. A superintendent of police who went to one of the meetings said, " You have all the cut-throats of Paris here. " And it was the cut-throats the Salvation Army was after. (Applause. ) Then the movement spread to Switzer- land, where at first the persecution was of the most brutal character. But the Army had now taken strong root there. The movement then spread into the north of Europe. In Sweden there was a young lady who, failing to secure Salvation Army officers from England, determined to be a salvation army herself, and taking a hall she began to tell the story of the Cross. Subsequently he sent officers to Sweden, where the marvellous work had spread. Thence it extended to Norway, and in turn to Denmark, and in time to Finland. A "wall " had been put around Russia, so that they were not able to get into that land but if they did not get into Russia to influence the people within that empire, they influenced the Russians who came out of Russia. (Applause.) They had gone to Iceland and right away on to the lands of everlasting snow. He had told his friends who were looking for the North Pole, that if they were not sharp the Salvation Army would get there before them. (Laughter and applause. ) The army had passed into Belgium. He saw there a body of men who were brave, simple, earnest, and whole hearted for Jesus. He saw there a brave and beautiful girl carrying the banner of the Salvation Army who but a few months previously, he was told, carried thes banner of Anarchy. Now she was carrying the banner of the Cross. (Applause. ) In Germany they had had very great difficulties, but those difficulties were rapidly passing away. All manner of difficulties had been thrown in their way by the authorities. They had not understood the army. They were so fearful in that country of any thing like disorder, and had been influenced by false representations of tho army. The authorities had imagined that the army meant all manner of dis- order and riot, and consequently had repressed them with a strong hand. They had not allowed any one to hurt them, it was true, but had not allowed the army to hurt the devil. (Laughter and applause. ) But those misrepresenta- tions had passed away, and now they had liberty. (Applause. ) By the last mail he had received a letter telling him that a band of 24 officers had started, and by this time they had reached Germany, as rein- forcements to the corps of officers already at work there. During the last year the army had passed into Spain, and had had a remarkable commence- ment in Madrid. (Cheers.) Gibraltar had also been entered as well as other parts, and the time had come when they could overflow and occupy Europe. But they did not stop at that continent. (Cheers. ) They had passed into the United States, and were rapidly advancing and increasing there. They had gone right into Canada into tho North West, including Vancouver. When in Vancouver he received a petition signed by hundreds of North American Indians, asking - imploring - him to send officers and establish the army among them. The army was penetrating Asia, and that great country, India - (cheers) - had to some extent been overrun by its officers. It would require a great number of years to deal with that country, but from the north to the south, from the east to the west, they were occupy- ing different portions. One of the latest pieces of information was that by the time he would reach there - that would be about the beginning of January next - they would have 500 cadets under training, and 700 or 800 officers, the greater portion of whom had been rescued from raw heathenism and trained for the work in the Salvation Army. (Applause.) In addition to that, there were thousands of soldiers. (Renewed cheers. ) Allusion had been made to what had been done in Australia. He had just come from New Zealand, and seen the marvellous and blessed work that had been done there. He had just come from Africa, and seen what had been accomplished there among the white people and coloured races, among whom were men who were fighting as soldiers of the Cross. In fact, when they took into consideration what had been done and what was about to be done - the doors that were opened and the officers that were in training to enter them - when they looked at the whole length and breadth of this movement, what could they do otherwise than give God the glory and all the praise? He would take a summary of the whole work. It was only 30 years old - not a long period in the history of religious organisations. The work began with only one individual without a plan, but simply with the purpose he had described - simply with the intention and determination to use such measures and methods as were expedient and likely to succeed, whether in harmony with the methods employcd by others or not. When they looked back upon that one individual and upon the difficulties they had had to contend with, the perse- cution they had had to fight, the misrepresentations and slanders that had followed them round the world and were following them up to the present, when they considered the poverty of their people, that they had had no powerful organisation to furnish men or money, they must feel - and all impartial workers in the movement must feel - that it had been originated and carried forward by nothing less than the power of God himself. (Applause and cheers. ) In the Salvation Army 30 years ago, the genoral, the com- missioner, tho colonels, the captains, the lieutenants, in fact all the officers and soldiers were under one hat, and he wore it. (Laughter and cheers. ) Out of this beginning remarkable results had been realised, for they found the banner of the Cross - and the banner of the Salvation Army was the banner of the Cross - penetrating every portion of the known globe. (Cheers.) He spoke of the Salvation Armv as only a small branch of the mighty army of the living God. (Cheers. ) The banner of the Salvation Army was being carried in 45 different countries and colonies, wherein between 4000 and 5000 separate districts had been established. There were as leaders 11,600 men and women who had left their ordinary avocations, their ordinary businesses, and gone forth trusting in God for a living. The Army had 21 different papers which were being published in 15 different languages, and had a circulation of something like 50 million copies a year. Their flag was followed by tens of thousands of men and women who were lighting the same light and glorifying the same Lord. When they considered those things, how could they do otherwise than praise and magnify the Lord of Hosts? (Applause. ) There was encouragement to fight for the Lord. The Salvation Army was the outcome of the consecration he made 50 years ago. The Army was not the result of his work, but was the work of the Holy Ghost. That movement was not the result of his labours. He had only been one individual but there had gathered around him hearts and brains who had caught his spirit and, understanding what he wanted to do, had thrown themselves into the fight with an equal consecration, and offered themselves in sacrifice and devoted their means to the carrying out of the main purposes of the Salvation Army. Nevertheless, it would be mock modesty on his part to do otherwise than recognise the fact that God had in him and through the cordial co-operation of his precious and beautiful and glorified wife called into existence this Salvation Army. They saw what God had done through them - what had been the outcome of that consecration. How little could he have anticipated, when he was on the penitent form, what his eyes saw and his ears heard that night, and what he was seeing and hearing throughout the world. That had been the outcome of his consecration. He desired to ask his friends, those present that night, "What are you doing with your lives?" They often heard people say what they would do if they were millionaires or if they were gifted with genius; but they must remember that they had their lives. What were they doing with their lives ? It seemed to him that along side each of them there were two altars - there was the altar of selfishness and there was the altar of benevolence. The altar of selfishness sig- nified living to gratify one's self, and the alter of benevolence signified living to glorify God. What were they doing with their lives ? Had the hour yet arrived when they had turned aside from the pleasures, profits, and gratifications of earth and given themselves to live for Clirist ? He concluded by appealing to all present to consecrate their lives wholly to the service of Christ. The consecration should be a whole-hearted one, not only for the hour but for all eternity, not only for pleasure but for pain, not only for sunshine but for shade, not only for life but for death. (Prolonged applause. ) The Mayor of Sydney (Hon. S E Lees, MLC ), in proposing a vote of thanks to General Booth for his address, said it was their privilege and pleasure that night to look upon the face and hear the voice of one whom God had called to raise an organisation which lifted up humanity and glorified God. Dr Graham, in seconding the vote of thanks, said that not only were citizens of Sydney, but humanity as a whole was deeply interested in that great movement. He feared, however, that there were many citizens of Sydney who did not realise what a great force for good the Salvation Army was in their midst. The Salvation Army had claims upon the sympathies of all sec- tions of the community because of the great social work it was performing, not only at the gates of the prisons but in the homes of the destitute, and in visiting the sick. The vote of thanks was carried with cheers and briefly acknowledged by General Booth. The usual compliment to the chairman was fol- lowed by the Rev. J. E Carruthers pronouncing the benediction. 