Waits and f ketches. A TRAGEDY IN THE SNOW. [By Fortescnc Wells.] Alan;: the passes- 9 they come aiul go, ImiwlpaUe iaiptrssioas on the air, V* ha*e no title deeds to house or lands ; Ounen and occupant' of eartier _daM-i From ennes foreotu-n utrei^h iheir dusty liandn. '* To let, near Lofthoase, Niderdale, desirable family residence, ten rooms, ^ood gulden, Bplendid view, moderate rent. For farther particulars apply to Messrs Gordon and Sous, Batley-street, Leeds.' No ran the advertisement in the 'To let' column in the [jee-i* E-rpretot, over which I had Deen poring, trying to come to a decision as to which of the many apparently desirable residences my wife and' I should inspect that Jay. For a whole week, we had been dili gently inspecting desirable residences, and were tborongbly tired of fais occupation ; liowever, with the hope that we had at last found one to suit us, I called on Messrs Gordon and Sons* and from them obtained the further particulars. The honae they stated was situated about tthree miles from Lofthouse, and stood in well-wooded grounds ; there was also a good orchard, containing many choice fro it trees, aad a splendid view of the Burronnding oauntfy was to be obtained from the windows. Tfcey aiso informed me that an old couple occupied a small cottage at the rear of tbe premises ; the wife bad charge of the keys and would show us over the house, and no doubt if ire took Beech Hall the husband, Enoch L&mgman;, would be milling to act in the capacity of gardener for a tricing wage. The rent was extremely moderate— about half ?what we had been asked for similar residences, a fact which should have aroused our suspicion* ; but unfortunately for as, as after -events proved, it did not, so the following day we journeyed to Lofthoase to inspect Beech HalL Beech Hall was approached by a fine beech avenue, through which we passed over a thick ?carpet of maaf. It was a picturesque bouse -when viewed from the front ; quaint project' ing windows with diamond-dhaped panes and grey gables covered with a species of lichen proclaimed its age. The massive and quaintly -carved door, which was guarded on either side by a etone griffin, was approached by a wide flight of steps. The flower garden in front ?was the only dung which had a modern ap pearance. This was laid out in terraces and showed signs of recent care and attention. The interior of the house corresponded with the exterior. Over the fireplace in the front rose- coloured marble border, were built into rhe trail ; the dark oak wainscotting was richly carved ; all was old-fash ioned, solid, .and substantial. By a broad staircase we pained the upper ?corridor, on to which opened four bedrooms. The largest room, aiLuated over the dining room, and facing the front of the house, was handsomely panelled in black oak, and tbe cornices and the tuao tie-piece were richly ^carved in shamrocks and roses, the emblem of Scotland being absent. When passing Attention to a rose in the tracery, which she pressed* when a panel slid back, disclosing what had eridemly been a secret closet. The qvamtness of the rooms and the general appearance of the bouse pleased us bo macb that after a cursory glance at its surroundings we decided to take it, and wrote to tie agent that evening to that effect. As we left Beech Hall we informed the woman that we intended to take it. She eyed as curiously aa she remarked dtyly : — ** Anrm dot vurry parshal to old hnpqpg_ but ita good lack as it happens, as we've just git th' one to eewt yo\' We liked Beech Hall and the neighbourhood so well that after residing there for about foar lease, and one day as I was watching Enoch Smugman prune a luxuriant rosebush I mentioned tiiis fact to him. The old man started nervously, dropping his knife. ' Doant yo', maiater,' be exclaimed ha tried ly ; ' doant you. Cum winter it's a fearsome place for the woman folk when it be dark and the deed lady walks.' ' Dead lady walks ; what du you mean 1' Before a-oewering my question Enoch looted fortirely aroand. 'You be haunted sure,' he said with a solemn nod towards the bouse, hia wrinkled face puckered up mysterioasly. ' It b&iat; nonsense,' he replied sturdily, 'for aw sin her mysel wi' tier deed child.' ' Her ! who ?'' ''Dorothy Metcalfe.' « Who is Dorothy MetcaHeT ' Her as walks.' -' Impossible.' I exclaimed ; ' why ue thare been here four months and have seen ?nothing. ' ' All tbe same her walks : yo'll sec her cum 'winter,™ Hooch answered doggedly. Though i bid very little belief as to Enoch's statement, kj*tuing how absurdly super stitious the peasantry in th»t district were, -and Jjow thoroughly wedded the}' were to their ideas, still I felt reluctant to close with «be agents offer, and so stipulated for a AiweLvvmodth's occupation -beflODe taking it for & iooger term ; but it was not till ooe evening in the tarly winter that anything occurred tKfbich gave me reason to think that after all *here might be some truth in the statement of xhe-old man that the house was haunted. 43ne evening I hud walked down to the scabies Co look at one of my horses, and stood talking to the groom for a few miuotes, when juet as J was about to return to my house I was surprised to observe a lady approaching on my left. She was dressed! in a long dark cloak, the hood drawn over .her head, and muffled in a shawl she carried a child pressed to her shoulder. I turned to the lad, and was about to inquire who tbe lady was, for the gait and pose of the figure were unmistakably refined, when 1 was surprised to see his usually ruddy face ashy pale, and his eyes almost starting out of his head. *' Why, what is the matter V I cried. ' The ghost,' he stammered. ' Where !' He pointed to the figure which had con tinued its walk past the stables, crossed the avenue, and just as vre looked was entering The fear the groom exhibited and hia state ment that it was the ghost reminded me of tnocb Smugman's story ; still I was sceptical, and hastened to the house hoping to rind that it was some late and unexpected visitor to my wife. When I entered our well- lighted draw ing-room I found my wife much agitated. Almost immediately on entering she cou» plained to rue ibat just at dusk she liad met on the stairs a woman wrapped in a long dark cloak, with her hood drawn closely over her face. She appeared to be carrying something, but it was too dark to distinguish what it was, and when she spoke to her she obtained no reply. Supposing Viet to be one of the maid's she made inquiries in the kitchen as to who had been out without leave, but both girhi stoutly denied leaving the kitchen since dark, in which assertion they were supported by my man White. My wife was extremely annoyed at what she considered the eervautB* duplicity. Not wibhing to alarm her unnecessarily, I did not tell her what I bad seen, hoping that the visits of the ghostly lady would not be frequent. I was doomed to be disappointed. The next evening about the same time I was passing through tbe corridor into which our bedroom opened, when I saw the game figure that I had seen in the ground coming towards me. 1 put oat my hand to arrest her, but X was horrified to find that I had grasped nothing. My band passed right through the figure, which took no notice whatever, but glided down the stairs into the hall, and a few minutes later I saw it enter the Beech Avenue. Later in the evening I again looked out of the window and caught a glimpBe of a tall. Blight figure, and I fancied that above the whistle of the wind I could hear the sob of a child. When we retired that night I was unable to Bleep, but tossed restlessly about wondering for how long I should be able to hide the fact of these ghostly visits from my wife. She was so highly nervous that £ dreaded the cod eequenzes of the ehock should she suddeuly become aware that tbe house was haunted. At length 1 fell into an uneasy slumber, from which I was awoke by my wife shaking my 41 Harry, Harry,*' she cried, ' don't you hear it t Don't you hear the child V ' Child, nonsense, my dear, yon must have had an unpleasant dream, or perhaps it was a gabble rachet in the old beech trees.' 'No, Harry, it is not nonsense ; I have heard it for the last tea minutes, bi-t would not wake yon till I was «(uite sure.' ' A child in the park in this weather at one o'clock in tbe morning.*' ' Yes. Oh, there it is again,' and my wife clasped my arm convulsively. I sprang to rbe window and drew aside the blind. What I beheld rooted me to the spot. The moon was shining as clear as day. the smallest object being easily distinguishable, there ; standing at the foot of the steps, was a lady. The lone dark cloak in which she had been enveloped had fallen to her feet, dis closing the costume of the seventeenth century, the silver buckles of her shoes gleaming in tbe moonlight. Her long, tightly laced bodice was crossed by a handsome lace kerchief, and fastened by a jewelled clasp ; while her long fair hair hung in a profusion of curls over her shoulders after the manner of Koyalist ladies whose portraits I remember to have seen. As I looked she raised the child high in her arms as if showing it to some one, keeping her eyes steadily fixed on the hall door the while. I could see by the movement of her lips that ahe was speaking, but the wind was loo high to permit ir.e to hear what she said. A cold hand fell on mine. The tension an my nerves was so great that I started violently ; it was my wife who had followed me. '? Let them in, Harry,' she cried hysterically. 'No, uo, my dear, that is impossible,' I replied. Something in toy tone and manner arrested my w ife's attention, and she appeared to realise fhat these visitors were from another world, and with a cry of horror she fell in aenUble at my feet. As the morning dawned the lady raised her cloak, and gathering it round her crossed the avenue in the direction of Fishpond Wood. The next day I spoke to Enoch about these back. Walw.ec doan't yo' go an1 open th'door, The following eight we were not disturbed, nor indeed were we for more lhan a week, when the same visit was repealed. Occa sionally ue would see a darkly shrouded figure Hit Ling about tbe staircase, and ouce I was awoke by the creaking of the secret door to see Dorothy Metcalte standing with a lighted lamp by our bedside, the hood of the long cloak she usually wore rbrouii back and My wilt' 3 health Buffered so much from tlit-*j« repeated visits that we were compelled to remove to s neighbouring house that had { become vacant, though 1 own I was loAth to ' do to, as 1 had taken a. great likiug to the i naaint old place. It was not till some months i after we had left Beech Hall that I learned | the particulars of Dorothy Metcalfe's history 