A KL'.- -.a:- s. :.-:-i :?:]'. It may not be gouerally known (w ri; v.- the London Qtole) that M. .A j Badin, the historian, has written. intere«ting work on St. Petersburg. \s the course of which he relates a curious ghost story connected with the Imperiaj Fauiily, which caused great se iation among the credulous a few years sig' and which still affords ?'? ??vl for the gossips. It took place lr the Church of St. Isaac, which confaiwn among other relics, a statue of die Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels oilered up to her by the faithful. It appears that not long after the death w Alexander II. a peasant was interrupted1 in his prayers by the eudden appearance of a phantom -which rose before him. It wh£ mat of the assassinated Emperor, who wore the same blood-stained mantle as that which he ha1? on at the moment of his trugic death. The spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. 1 Ihe peasant although »tricken with) terror, was uhle. to follow the mcvementsl of tbe mysterious visitor, and felt surofc that he was not dreaming-. Still trem^J biing he described his adventure to thel verger of the ciiiucli, -who shruggedhial shoulders ;:ud said lie. must have been 1 drunk at the time, and ha.d taken his 1 v:si ids for roalites. Tiio verger never- | tl el ~s reported the event to his sup eriirs, who naturally laughed at him. Bui on the ioik.winjj day the ghost re appeared. A pain lie advanced towards — the statue :ihd prayed, reining kisliands towards Heaven. Thi» time the verger \v::s there, :.rA c.-nf esstidthatthe peasant liii-i not m:-iie a ;--ui ci Jam. He did not, however, i-j.-e 'iir- lie.id, and though :ifr:iid to app;'-;:Ks the ph.ar.toui himself lit callid iu ^uian _k x.3 colleagues, who like him, felt stupeiied at the sight. The O::;ir.?;enir'!t-)(. ?..-?!. a si;rrcT.-ful jrlanee&t; them, and tlicij di^api; tared behind a piii&L.; The witnesses ot this strange scene made their declaration to the Griind Marshal of the Court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen. On the next day the same apparition occurred. On this occasion the spectra not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round the church before vanishing. No doubt could now be entertained on the subject — the soul of Alexander II. was tormented and needed more prayers and tapers to release him. from purgatory. The news was borne to the eturt.where it is hardly necessary to any, it created deep astonishment. At first it did not encounter absolute incredulity. The members of the Holj Synod were consul ted,and they promised to enquire into the matter. Bu1 Alexander III. lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should be given to such a story, which was an insult to the memory of hu father. He sent for one of his detectives, in whose skill and fidelity he had the greatest confidence, and ordered him to clear up the mystery. The detective went to the church, and, hiding himself behind a pillar, waited for the result. In due course the phantom appeared once more, and, as on previous occasions, directed its steps towards the statue. The detective although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy. He had served Alexander IL, and ««j seemed to sea him again as he 1 ?~as on the day of his assassination, with Ms face bathed in blood and suffering excruciating agony. The \ ghost prayed longer at the statue than usuaL The detective mustering up all his courage, glided softly toward it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the detective glanced at the statue, and dj -covered, that many of the \\_ most valuable jewels were wanting. , This fact at once opened his eyes, ; and he dashed after the phantom, which turned out to be something more sub stantial than a vision. The next second it was struggling to release itself from the detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with considerable imagination and audacity; had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in the midst of the terror caused by his apparition as the Emperor'a ghost. He was taken to prison, end eventually tried and condemned in secret — at last so the legend runs. 