KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XVIII.—(Continued.) Something in Miss Herncastle's tone— something in her look—dreary, forlorn—touched him in spite of himself. ''And I answer again—nothing, Miss Herncastle. I have no wish to turn amateur detective, believe me. But Sir Arthur Tregenna is my friend—I cannot see him duped without raising my voice to warn. You hare brought discord and wretchedness enough to this house already ; go and leave it, satisfied with what you have done. All that I suspect I shall keep to myself ; and I suspect a great deal. But go ; leave Sir Arthur to his duty— leave Sir Peter free from ghosts ; and if it is in my power to aid or help you in any way, command me. But all this plotting, this working in the dark, must end, or else——'' He paused. '' Or else there is war between you and me — is that it, Captain O'Donnell ? You will devote your man's strength and your man's intellect to hunting down and driving from Scarswood, one poor woman who has never harmed you—who earns the bread she eats, and who only takes the goods her gods provide. Very well, sir, war let it be. Do your worst — I will do mine. You have called me an adventuress — prove it, if you can. For your other insinuations, I pass them over in silence. The day may come when you will find I have been more sinned against than sinning ; when even your spotless, peerless, perfect Lady Cecil may descend from her pedestal, and be known as she is. As she is. I repeat it, Captain O'Donnell. No need for you to do battle in her behalf. By your own showing, she is nothing to you. Do your worst, I repeat — spy upon me when and how you choose, overhear all I say, suspect every word and action, and repeat every thing to Sir Arthur Tregenna. I tell you it will be labour lost-- he loves me. You hear, most gallant of Irishmen, most courtly of gentlemen-- loves me, and as surely as I will it, will one day make me his wife. Tell him this also if you choose--it will be in keeping with the rest. And I thought you a soldier and a gentleman ! Let me pass, Captain O'Donnell--I have no more to say to you." Once again it flashed out, the passion he had awakened within her, the jealousy he had aroused, and he never saw it. He saw only an angry and utterly base woman at bay, and his heart hardened toward her. ''In one moment,'' he said.''Believe me I have little wish to prolong this interview. I have given you your one chance, and you have refused it. It shall be no fault of mine if Sir Arthur Tregenna works his own life-long misery, I warn yon fairly — for his sake, for Lady Cecil's, for Sir Peter's. I shall show you to them as you are. One moment more, Miss Herncastle, if you please. In overhear- ing your remark, in passing out of the churchyard, I also heard you say, ' Marie de Lansac' is here. Now, what has Marie de Lansac — Rose O'Donnell — to do with that man or you ?'' Her hand was on the handle of the door. She stopped and turned to him, a smile of malicious triumph on her face and in her eyes. "Ah!" she said, "you heard that, did you? What is Marie de Lansac to me? Captain O'Donnell, you accuse me of the guilt of having secrets and mysteries in my life. I wonder if I am alone in that? I wonder if Sir Peter Dangerfield knew every episode in my lady's career ? I wonder if her papa and her friends are free to read every page in Lady Cecil's life ? I wonder if Redmond O'Donnell knows every incident connected with his pretty, gentle sister's New Orleans existence? What woman tells father, lover, brother — all ? Not one among all the millions on earth. Captain O'Donnell, answer me this: Did you ever hear from your sister's lips the name of Gaston Dantree ?' "Gaston Dantree!" The name had a familiar sound to him, but at that moment he could not tell where he had heard it--certainly not from his sister. The derisive eyes oE the governess were upon him; he could not understand the mocking triumph of their glance. ''I have heard that name,'' he answered, ''but not from Rose.'' ''I thought not. Then I tell no tales. I keep my own secrets, and let others keep theirs. Captain O'Donnell, the dressing-bell rings. I wish you good-afternoon.'' She was gone as she spoke. Five minutes after, while he still sat there, mystified, annoyed, per- plexed, an opposite door opened, and Lady Cecil came in. She was dressed today in some pale, sea-green, filmy stuff, that floated about her like a cloud, a little foam of point-lace here and there. A cluster of trailing grasses, and half-crushed pink buds, clasped the soft corsage ; trailing sprays of green, and a rose of palest blush, freshly gathered, adorned the light brown hair. She looked like a lily, a naiad queen, like a sea-goddess, lacking the shells and sea- water. A more striking contrast to the woman who had left him could hardly be con- ceived. And she was not pledged to Sir Arthur Tregenna — had never been. For one moment a thrill of exquisite delight filled him at the thought — the next he could have laughed aloud at his own folly. ''As though it could matter to me if tomorrow were her wedding-day,'' he thought. ''Free or fettered, she is Lord Ruysland's daughter, and I am — a Captain of Chasseurs, with no hope of being anything else to my dying day.'' '' You here, Captain O'Donnell ?' she said, ''I did not know it. I came in search of—--'' she paused, and a faint colour rose in the lily face. ''They told me Miss Herncastle was here,'' she added, hastily ; '' they must have been mistaken.'' ''No,'' the chasseur answered,''they were not. Miss Herncastle has been here — with me. She only left a moment before you came in.'' The faint colour deepened in her cheeks. She turned and moved away again. ''I wished to see her. It does not matter— it will do after dinner. You dine with us, I hope, Captain O'Donnell or do you run away at the. sound of the dinner-bell? You did it a day or two ago, and Ginevra was very angry.'' She spoke coldly, voice and manner alike, un- consciously frigid. And, without waiting for a reply, she reopened the door and walked away. ''Miss Herncastle there with him !'' she thought, a sudden, swift, hot pang, that all Sir Arthur's defalcation had never brought there, sharp at her heart. ''It is well the days of duelling are exploded, or Sir Arthur might be tempted to call him out.'' '' She hated herself for the hot anger she felt. '' What was he to her ? what could it matter to her, with whom Captain O'Donnell chose to amuse him self? ? He was nothing to her, of course — nothing. And she was less than nothing to him; all her beauty, all her witcheries, were powerless here, and he took good care to let her see it. But that flush was still on her face, that sharp pain still beneath the sea-green corsage, beneath laces and roses, when she took her place at dinner. Captain O'Donnell dined with the family, the governess did not. He looked at the sister across a tall epergne of flowers. She was talking to Squire Talbot— Squire Talbot, whom the soft, sad eyes, and wistful little face had been enthralling of late, and wondered what Miss Herncastle could have meant. 'Gatston Diintree,' he mused; he recalled the name well enough now — Katherine Dangerfield's dastardly lover, of course. He had been a native of New Orleans ; had Rose known him there ? Had her singular whim of visiting this place anything to do with knowing him ? The mere suspicion made him warm and uncomfortable. '' I'll ask her after dinner,'' he thought, ''and she will tell me. Can he have had anything to do with the change in her ? — the gloom, the trouble of her life, that has preyed on her miud, and broken her health ? And if so, how comes Miss Herncastle to know it ?'' The ladies left the table. Redmond O'Donnell sat very silent and thoughtful during the 'wine and walnut' lapse, before the gentlemen joined him. Fate favoured him upon this occasion. Squire Talbot was turning Lady Dangerfield's music, and his sister, quite alone, with a web of rose-pink netting in her hands, sat in the recess of the bay-window. He crossed over and joined her at once. ''Rose,'' he began, speaking abruptly, ''how much longer do you propose remaining in Sussex ?'' She looked at him, surprised at the sudden and unexpected question, a little startled by the dark gravity of his face. ''Remain? I ?' ' She faltered and stopped. ''Are you anxious to go, Redmond ? If so, of course----'' ''I have no wish to go, until the object that brought you here is an object accomplished, Rose. That you have some object in insisting upon com- ing to this particular place, I am quite certain. More, perhaps I can partly guess what that object is.'' The rose-hued netting dropped in her lap, her great, dark eyes dilated in sudden terror. '' Redmond !'' ''You have not chosen to make me your confidant, Rose, and I ask for no one's secrets, not even ours. Still, you will permit me to ask one question : Did you ever know Gaston Dantree ?'' Suddenly, sharply, without warning, the question came upon her. One faint, wailing cry, then her hands flew up and covered her face. He was answered. No one had heard that suppressed cry ; the curtain of the recess hid them. (To be continued.) 