A RUSSIAN LEGEND. [Globe.) I It may not be generally known that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, hnB written an interesting work on St Petersburg, in the course af which ho relates a curious ghost story connected with the Imperial Family, which caused great sensation among the credulous a few years ago and which still affords food for the gossips. It took place in the Church of St Isaac, which contains, among other relins, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up tn her by the faithful. It appears that not long after the death of Alexander H. a peasant was interrupted in his prayers by the sudden appearance of a phantom whioh rose before him. lt was that of the assassinated Emperor, who wore the same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment of bis tragic death. The spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. The peasant, although stricken with terror, was able to follow the movements of the mysterious visitor, and felt eure that he was not dreaming. Still trembling, he described his adventure to the verger ol the church, who shrugged his shoulders and said he must have been drunk at the time, and had taken his visions for realities. The verger nevertheless reported the event to his supe- riors, who naturally laughed at him. But on the following day the ghost reappeared. Again be advanced towards the statue and prayed, raising bis hands towards Heaven. This time the verger was there, and confessed that the peasant hud not made a fool of him. He did not, however, lose his head, and, though afraid to approach the phantom him- self, he called in some df his colleagu s, who, like him, felt stupefied at the eight. The Czar seemed to cast a sorrowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. The witnesses of this strange scene made their declaration to the Grand Marshal of the Court, sweariug to the trutli of what they had seen. OD the next day the same apparition oc- curred. On thia occasion the spectre not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round the church before vanishing. No doubt could uow be entertained on the subject-the soul of Alexander II. was tor- mented, and needed more prayers aud tapers to release him from purgatory. The news was borne to the Court, where, it is hardly necessary to say, it created deep astonish- ment. At first it did not encounter absolute incredulity. The members of the Holy Synod were consulted, and they promised to inquire into the matter. But Alexander UL lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should be given lo such a story, which was an insult to the memory of his father. He sent for one of his detectives, in whose skill and fidelity he bad the greatest confidence, and ordered bim to clear up the myetcry. The detective went to the church, and, hiding himself behind a pillar, waited for the result. In due course, the phantom ap- peared once more, and as on previous occasions, directed its steps towards the statue. The detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy. He had served Alexander IL, and seemed to see bim again as he was on the day of his assassination, with his face bathed in blood and suffering excruciating agony. The ghost prayed longer at the statue than usual. The detective, mustering up all his courage, glided softly toward it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the detective glanced at the statue, and discovered that many of the most valuable jewels were wanting. This fact at once opened his eyes, and he dashed after the phantom, which turned out to be something more substantial than a vision. The next second it was struggling to release itself from the detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with consider- able imagination and audacity, had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in thc midst ol the terror caused by his apparition as the Emperor's ghost. He was taken to prison, and eventually tried and condemned in secret -at least so the legend runs. 