General News. Prior Vaughan's Mission.—We have received a card containing an appeal from Prior Vaughan on behalf of the Gregorian Missioners. The card was received too late to insert in full this week, but the following paragraph will explain its pur port :—" Is it not a shame that, whilst the colored heathens of China and Japan, of Africa and Fiji, have missionaries in abundance, there is 110 organised body of apostles and preachers pledged to spend themselves and be spent in converting the white heathens at home? Should not these latter evoke from us far greater commisseration and sacrifice, seeing that they are bound to us not simply by a common brotherhood in Christ Jesus, but are our compatriots and of the same race and tongue ? To supply this crying want •His Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop of Westminster instituted some two years ago the Cougregation of the Missioners of St. Gregory tho Great, who are obliged by their constitutions to devote their time and talents exclusively to rescuing from the jaws of Satan those ignorant and sin stained masses of our fellow countrymen who are perishing in millions around us. This infant congregation has a house and property at Chorlton-cum-Hardy, near Manchester. To develop its work it needs men and money, and much fervent prayer. 'The harvest indeed is great, but the laborers are few. Pray ye, there fore, the Lord of the harvest that He would send laborers into His harvest'" (Luke x. 2). Mr.. Michael Davitt's Visit.—-The following cable appeared in the Advertiser on Wednesday|4 Mr. Michael Davitt has arranged to sail for Australia by the Orient mail steamer Arcadia leaving Lon don on Thursday, April 11 next. He has undertaken a lecturing tour through the colonies on behalf of the Irish National League." We hardly think that this statement is absolutely correct. We have no doubt that Mr. Davitt will sail by the Arcadia for Aus tralia as mentioned. His visit has been long contemplated, as our readers will have been aware from letters from him which have appeared in The Southern Cross. But un less Mr. Davitt has altered his mind, the tnp will be a private lecturing tour. At any rate he will not lecture on behalf of the Irish Nation League, which is now a Parnelhte organisation. If Mf, D&vitt; has undertaken a mission oil behalf of the Irish cause, it will be in con nection with the Irish National Federa tion, which has branches in all the colo nies. Whether his visit is of a public or private nature, the Irish patriot may be assured of an enthusiastic welcome in Australia. St. Francis Xavier's Literary So ciety.—The half-yearly meeting of the above society was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Thursday evening, March 7\. The Vice-President (Mr. J. O'Lough lin) presided over a fair attendance. One new member was elected. It was decided to attend " Visitors' Evening" at St. Ignatius' Literary Society on Tuesday, March 12. The election of officers for ensuing six months resulted as follows •— President, Mr. A. MacDonald; Vice President, Mr. J. 0 Loughlin ; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. P. F. Kiley ; Editor of Magazine, Mr. H. Cronin; Librarian, Mr. W. Pritchard ; Committee, Messrs. C. W. James, J. Moroney, J. ,J. Holohan, F. Gamper, and H. Richardson: Auditors, Messrs. W. O'S. Brooke and J. Murphy. The Secretary presented report and balance-sheet for half-year ending Febru ary 28, which on the motion of J. Murphy were adopted as read, J. Moroney gave a review of "Nicholas Nickleby," which was criticised by several members. Mr. Gladstone and the House of Commons.—A very interesting, and to Irishmen a very gratifying item of news* has just been published in the Westminster Gazette. That journal says it is " in formed that Mr. Gladstone has given a promise that on his return to England from the south of France his vote will not be lost to his party in the House of Com mons. The Opposition may arrange a pair, but, Mr. Gladstone being full of vigour, it would be unfair to pair him with a ' ghost' of a member, as last- year. Then Mr. Gladstone was a ' ghost' on ac count of medical treatment, but now he is not so. At any rate, Mr. Gladstone in any arrangement holds himself free to attend all meetings of the House, although he may not vote." If the ex-Premier could once more appear in the scenes of his former triumphs, who can tell what the effect might be on the politics of the present and the future ? His words would have an influence on parliament and the country far beyond any that could be ex pected by any other public man. One rousing speech in the old style would be worth hundreds from minor men. Missions in Balaklava and Port Wakefield.—A most successful mission, for a fortnight in Balaklava and Port Wakefield, was conducted by the Rev. Father Peters, S.J., of Norwood. The rev. father preached three times a day to large congregations coming from a far distance who availed themselves most edifyingly of the good opportunity of re ceiving the holy Sacraments of the church. There was but one wish and one expres sion at the end of the mission, that oc casions of spiritual renewal like the pre sent may oftener be given to people who live far away from the church. Egyptian Eye Lotion.—We'have been, requested by Messrs. F. H. Faulding and Co. to draw our readers' attention to the "Egyptian Eye Lotion" advertisement,, which appears in another column. This remedy, as rediscovered by the eminent modern Egyptologist, was invented over 3,000 years ago; and was, in point of fact, used by the Children of Israel when, under the harsh treatment of their cruel taskmasters, they were predisposed to diseases of the eye and ophthalmia in its most malignant form by great exposure under an Oriental climate. The original name of this wonderful lotion as de ciphered from hieroglyphics was "Aiyen" —tho Hebrew term for eye; and was in vented by a remote Child of Israel to assuage one of the great calamities by which his fellow-bondsmen were afflicted. This beneficient rediscovery renders us under a further obligation to the ancients, who already command our fervent grati tude for very much they have bequeathed us, and remains a grander and certainly more useful monument than the pyramids, themselves. The West Coast.—The Green's Plains correspondent of the Wallaroo limes, who is something of a humorist, sends the fol lowing communication to that paper:—A gentleman who left for the West Coast some days ago has just returned, and in the course of a painful interview divulged the following information, which may prove of interest to your readers. " Is there any land on the West Coast." "Yes." "Do you consider it highly suitable for wheat growing or what?" "Mostly what." "The natives, foreigners or otherwise ?" "I believe so." " Is there such a thing as a pub there 1" "I really couldn't say ; fact is, I'm not sure about the confounded place at all. Ac cording to instructions, when I left here I travelled for two days in a month in a waterly direction, till I brought up sud denly on the shcre of a large sheet of water. Thinking this to be the spot, I at once pitched my tent and then proceeded to mark out my selection, choosing a nice piece of Btubble- looking land, close to the water. While thus engaged a man came down. and ordered me off, saying that it was his land. Pointing to the water I asked—' Is not that the West Coast ?' He said it was Spencer's Gulf. Now I don't know and don't care who Spencer is, but the Government has done wrong in allow ing Spencer to put down a gulf right through the centre of a fine tract of agri cultural land. The walls of his gulf are built in places with stone, which he is now taking down with a view of making his gulf larger. This stone he calls flux. It is taken by boats to a place called Pirie, where it iB used, I think, for ship-building or other purposes. The man offered to sell me his land, but I was afraid of the crop getting fired through sparks from steamers on the gulf. I lay me down to sleep, determined to clear out in the morning. About dawn I was aroused by a terrific explosion and found myself through the air and my tent after me. When I landed, which I did with some force, a man picked me up and asked if I was hurt. I asked—' Why did you do that ?' and he said that he mistook my tent for flux and put a plug of dynamite under if. Yes, I've finished with the West Coast, but am prepared to lead a deputation on that gulf question." Chalk Sunday.—The first Sunday in Lent is, according to Notes and Queries, known in Ireland as "Chalk Sunday." In the West of Ireland, babbles the chronicler, nine-tenths of the marriages that take place among the peasantry are celebrated the week before Lent, and par ticularly on Shrove Tuesday, on which day the Roman Catholic priests have hard time to get through all their duties. On the first Sunday in Lent it is usual for the girls slyly to chalk the coats of those young men who have allowed the preced ing festival to pass without having made their choice of a partner, and eligible young men strut about with affected un consciousness of the numerous stripes which decorate their backs, while boys just arrived at manhood hold their heads higher and show tokens of great satisfac tion if any good-natured lass affixes the coveted mark. Every year is leap-year with the Irish maidens apparently, and this no doubt accounts for the high mar riage rate in that beautiful if unhappy country. St. Ignatius' Literary Societv.—The usual weekly meeting of the St. Ignatius' Literary Society was held in the school room, Kensington, on Tuesday evening last. The president, Mr. F. F. Wholo han, presided over a large attendance of members, lady associates, and visitors. The evening was set apart for a visit from the other Catholic societies, the following societies being well represented :—St. Patrick's, Queen of Angels', and St. Francis Xavier's. The following gentle men contributed to the programme, which was of a miscellaneous character:—Reci tation, Mr. L. M. Jacobs, entitled "Christ mas day in the workhouse ; " song, " An chored," by Mr. Fred. Field; a comic reci tation (by special request) entitled "The initiation into the Royal Society of Bum pers," by Mr. L. M. Jacobs; song, " In Happy Moments," by Mr. Cullan; all members of St. Patrick's Society. The following contributed items on behalf of St. Francis Xavier's Society : - Short Saper, " Geological formation," by Mr. P. '. Kiely ; recitation, " Waterloo," Mr. W. Pritchard. The Queen of Angels' Society being also well represented on the pro gramme by the following gentlemen : — Recitation, " The little Hero," Mr. L. Mc Mahon; this gentleman also contributed a comic song, for which he was encored ; two essays written by Mr. Keough, en titled " Northern Territory " and "Private Property in Land," were read by Mr. J. McCormack and Mr. D. F. Brazel for the writer, who was unavoidably absent. A hearty vote of thanks, proposed by Mr. M. J. McDonough and seconded by Mr. T. Behrens, was extended by the presi dent, on behalf of the St. Ignatius' Lite raiy Society, to the visitors for their presence and kind efforts towards making the meeting the success it undoubtedly was. Celibacy of Wesleyan Ministers. —"Flaneur" writes in the Sydney Freeman " With the Protestant clergy the times are now so dreadfully bad that they are not able to stable-feed a bicycle, in fact they are being told in most unmis takable tones that they can no longer support even such a very small luxury as a wife. At the Wesleyan Conference last week no Iras than eleven petitions were received in one day from various districts . praying that single ministers might be provided instead of married ones, and it is very evident now that if this general depression in religious fervor continues much longer the celibacy of the Protestant clergy will be enforced as a matter of downright necessity. Our dis senting friends are apparently not willing to support their shepherds, and of course it is only natural that they should object to having the support of a shepherdess thrust upon them as well. At Temora, the poor parson was forced to " dine with Duke Humphrey" on Christmas Day; in fact he didn't have even a dinner-bell left which might help to. take the edge off his hunger, by its ringing. The only encou ragement the conference has held out as yet is the announcement that certain por tions of New Guinea have been proclaimed lay missions. Up there a bible-reader, particularly a plump one, can always de pend upon getting a place at a banquet table. As a rule, the place provided for him is on the table, with soups and stews and voolayvoos galore—and then the sub sequent proceedings interest him no more. This kicking against the matrimonial pro pensities of the Protestant clergy is not only capsizing one of the pet Protestant theories—a matter which must be ex tremely annoying to the founder of the Protestant religion, Henry VIII., of blessed matrimonial memory — but it seems to me to be a most ungallant pro ceeding, too ; especially as it costs so little to keep a wife in these days. All you have to do now is to first catch your wife, and then compel her to keep you— at least that is the policy which quite a number of loving husbands are practising at present, and if their lawful wives won't keep them, they seem to have little trouble in finding other women who will. This is quite a new departure in the matrimonial line, and it ought to be evi dent to the New Woman now that those who sow a whirlwind are very apt to reap a storm. Theatre Royal.—Mrs. Lewis and her company have occupied the boards during the week. It is not often a lady essays to play Hamlet, but Mrs. Lewis takes the role with very fair success. She also gives a capable representation of Jane Shore, in the historical play of that name, which is a much better drama than " La Pom padour." Last night, Mrs. Lewis took her benefit as Hamlet, under the patron age of the Lieutenant-Governor and the members of the Ministry. This concludes the season. On Saturday, the spectacular extravaganza, "Cinderella," will be staged on a scale of unusual magnificence by a specially selected company. Bad Points in a Horse.—The English Government has the following set of rules for those who select horses for cavalry service. They are called "Points of Re jection," but will answer equally well as points for selection :—Reject a horse whose forelegs are not straight; it will not stand wear. Stand behind the horse as it walks away from you, and you will be able to notice these defects if they exist. Reject a horse that is light below the knee, especially if immediately below the knee ; the conformation is essentially weak. Or a horse with long or short or upright pasterns. Long pasterns are sub ject to sprains, short or upright pasterns make a horse unpleasant to ride, and on account of extra concussions are apt to cause ossific deposits. Or a horse with toes turned in or out. The twist generally occurs at the fetlock. Toes turned out are more objectionable than toes turned in. When toes turn out the fetlocks are generally turned in, and animals so formed are very apt to cut or brush. Both, how ever, are weak formations. Reject a horse whose hind legs are too far behind, good propelling power will be wanting, and disease as a result may be expected in the hocks. And a horse which goes either very wide or very close behind, and one with very straight or very bent hocks. The former cause undue concussion, the latter are apt to give way. Reject a horse that is '' split up "—that is, shows n.uch daylight between the thighs ; pro pelling power comes from behind, and must be deficient in horses without due muscular development between the thighs. Reject a horse with flat or overly large feet or with very small feet; medium sized are best. Also, a horse with one foot smaller than another. Frodde's Style.—Froude was in many ways a master of form. He had the first essential of a great literary style—plasti city. His words and phrases bend and fit round their subject, and clothe its form appropriately and exactly. His style is not a rigid mould like Gibbon's, which is the same for all subjects—the description of a boy's love affair, or the taking of Constantinople by Mahomet II. Mr. Froude's manner rises, falls, and changes with the theme and mood, and want of ease. When the theme is splendid and heroic, the period has the majestic roll befitting the muse of history. When the occasion is familiar, the style is as inti mate as that of Hazlitt. When a plain narrative is wanted, we seem to be in the hands of some pupil of De Foe who can out do the master The Agricultural College.—The new term of the RoHeworthy Agricultural Col lege began on Wednesday, March 13, and the Minister of Agriculture, Professor Lowrie (the Principal), and Mr. Grasby (the Head Master) are to be congratulated upon having a " full house" for the first time for three years. All the students did not arrive on Wednesday, but by next week it is expected that there will be thirty-six in residence, and a progressive and in every way satisfactory year's work is expected. Amongst the students are the two young men, sons of a Birming ham manufacturer who, after travel ling through Australia to ascertain which colony offered the best prospects for settlers With some capital at their dispo sal, decided upon South Australia. The father has accordingly sent his boys to the Agricultural College to receive train ing which will fit them to settle on our land. Also amongst the students are three lads who have gained the Govern ment scholarships. Every year the Government offers six scholarships, which entitle the successful students to three years' free tuition at the Agricul tural College. The colony is divided into six districts, each of which is entitled to send one scholar. This year there were four candidates in No. 1 (Central) District, one each in No. 3 (Southern) and No. 5 (Northern), but none in any of the other three districts. The examination was conducted by the Education Department, Professor Lowrie assisting by taking the agriculture and chemistry papers. The results are that scholarships have been awarded thus :—District No. 1, W. J. Colebatch, Prince Alfred College ; District No. 3, H. Y. Yelland, Milang Public School : District No. 5. C. Lewis. Burra Public School.— -Register. 