i AflETURN TO NATURE i I " Rev. Augustine St. Gregory, Miss I I Helen Mackintosh. Married " i ''Tear up the wedding cards !" in terrupted Pris Armstrong. " It was infatuation — fanaticism, How could a "RftRtinn rrirl. hrmiivhfc tin with GVfiPV ad- vantage of education and association, marry a full-blooded Sioux 1 I went j to the wedding under protest; as Ll Helen's nearest friend I sat there under protest ; and it required all my >1 self-control from shrieking aloud at ' the words ; ' If any man can show just cause why they should not lawfully be jl joined together' " — — j "You talk as though ho had just i arrived frotn the plains, in wampum and war-paint," returned Annie Ches- ley, indignantly. "I met him at Mrs. Cotting's reception, and thought him perfectly fascinating. Ho has the loveliest manners — so gentle and subdued, and, with his soulful dark eyes and melancholy face, he reminded me of Edwin Booth in' ' The Iron Chest.' Such an inter esting history as he. has, too. He lost his father at the battle of the Little Big Horn, and after the flight of Sitting Bull and his men into Canada the poor little fellow was found | by a missionary and sent to Hamp ton. Later, by means of an old lady's bequest, he was educated for the ministry, preparatory to going as mis sionary to his own people. If you had heard him speak, the last Sunday in Advent, when the collection is taken for the Domestic Mission, you would realise what religion has done in trans forming a savage into a Christian gentleman and clergyman.'' "Helen was taught from babyhood to save her pennies for the Domestic Mission," said Pris, slowly. " In Lent, her childish sacrifices were for the bene fit of some Indian school. Her cast-off toys were sent to Hampton ; her Sun day school class supported an Indian there. Later she attended all the meet ings for the benefit of the Indians, has been an active member of the Dakota league, and devoted all her charitable s, energies — and a Boston girl must have " some outlet for Philanthropy, as im- peratively as for her love of music, books, and art — to collecting fund3 v. and packing barrels of clothing for the Indians. As she stood by the altar, it seemed the culmination of a | life-loug fad- — an earnest and religious one, if you will, but still merely a fad — in which love bore a minor, if > not a doubtful, -part. There was a delay in getting to the carringe, and I waited.' No, not to: throw rice, but — but to see Helen once more. Captain Carter, Helen's cousin —he wns best man — closed the carriage-door, with a gay good-bye. He stood, with uncovered head, in the' fog and drizzle, and I saw the look upon his face." " They say he has always been in love with Helen." It was not that. Insight gave foresight, and on the pavement in Copley-square, he saw the future, somewhere on the "Western plains." # " You are tired, August 1" Helen St. Gregory arose from the piano — the one article of luxury she had permitted herself — and leaning over the back of her husband's chair, played with his hair. It had been allowed to grow somewhat long in the last few weeks. He had just returned from a visit to a settlement, a few miles distant, consisting of a few wretched, scat- : tercd huts. His hand sought his ! throat' and loosened the stiff, clerical bands with an impatience that seemed ' uncontrollable. I j" It is stifling here," he said ; " the ( air of a room makes me cough." " I will open the window." " Open both windows." "I oannot," returned Helen, with some surprise at his imperious tone. " The other window is sealed, hermeti cally, with papier- mache, manufac- tufed out of soaked newspapers, after , Frank Carter's recipe." Her husband strode across the room, and with one blow of his clenched fist brpke away the lower part of the sash. ' August I How could you — oh, your hand is bleeding 1" reproach changing to commiseration- She suaght up a web of soft linen Upon the work-table. ' It is nothing," said her husband, : almost haughtily, drawing himself so qqickly away that the linen fell : beneath his foot-. The next moment there was an ex clamation from both, for it was the . surplico, with the circle-emblem of im mortality embroidered upon its front, that lay there, blood-stained and trampled. He sank into the chnir again, and she, who had learned "in the lost few months that there were times when it wns best to leave him undisturbed, silently olosed the shutters outside the broken window, and pinned closely over it the heavy curtains of Mexican blankets. The room was both ! sitting-room and study. In the cor ner, a prie-dieu, with a threadbare , : cushion, testified to the length and frequency of his devotions, Presently Helen looked anxiously. \- up from the altar-cloth' she was em- i broidoring. " I wish you would not wntoh me in that covert manner," said hot husband, with new irritability. Ho was tired ; her woman's heart chid her, after that moment of strange and chilled misgiving. It was a long, cpld walk to the settlement, and the people there were tjie most degraded of his pastoral charge. They consisted only of old men, women and children ; the young men were out hunting'-r-a euphemism for having .joined certain hostile tribes in the north-west. " X have questioned lately, Helen," he began, presently, " whether I have not, after all, mistaken byvocation. The five haB died out of my utterances, my prayers no longer ascend as on ; wings of light, but fall crushingly back : upon my heart. The meaning has gone i out of the Holy Scripture ; its word's j are as ' a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.' " She spoke gentle, reassuring words, and the strange foreboding vanished from her heart. Long after she had gone to bed he was kneeling at the prie-dieu:- In the days that followed she noticed -that he was unusually silent ; that the early services, the prayers and fastings be came more frequent — the last so rigo rous that she begged him tb: ha,ve care lest his health suffer. "We are commanded," be replied solemnly, "to 'crucify ' the old man and utterly abolish the. whole body of sin.' " , , He went about his work, like- a man in a dream. The melancholy that had always characterised, him had become moodiness, a taciturnity that his wife learned was best left unques tioned. His favorite subjects of con versation had formerly related to his work ; now he never alluded to it. His text had been chosen from the New Testament, that upon which ho had most frequently dwolt being : " For their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also may be sanctified through the truth." Now his sermons were drawn/from the .Old Testament, and particularly from those accounts that dwelt ' upon vengeance and bloodshed. When he read the lesson telling of the killing of Sisera, there was a repressed force in his utterance, au . intensity - of dramatic action in the gestures of his slender hand and flexible .wrist, -that brought the scene with awful vivid ness before his listeners. " She smute the nail into his temples — for he was fast asleep and \ypary. . So he died." His personality was merged into that of J ael, and exaltation was exultation over the treacherous' and savage deed. ; His. manner in speaking of his own people had formerly been tinged with' sadness, Was it a wild fancy of his wife's that it now held a subtle pride ? A distinction, too, had evidently grown up between "these people" — of his flock — and those amongst \yhom his childhood had been passed. His walks over the plain became more frequent. Helen 'had supposed their object was the settlement till an allusion to his work there undeceived her. " I have not beon there. I walked twenty, thirty miles over the plain," he said, with- an excitement that all her efforts at restraint could not allow to pass unnoticed. . . " Listen I" and the words that fol lowed were strange to Helen. " It is the tongue of my fathers," went on her husband, with solemn pride. " Upon the vast empty plain there was a' sound from heaven as of a mighty rushing wind, and even as the tongues were given to the disciples at the day of Pentecost was the language of the warriors given back to me.- With such wo>-dB did my father speak when he told of his great deeds in the coun cil. My father was a great) brave. He did not live amongst the women and children. He was not a squaw- man. He was Black Kettle !" Bewildered at this strange outburst Helen called beseechingly to her hus band. He made no reply. It was morning when he arose from the prie- dieu. For the next few days, except for an almost unbroken silence, be seemed more like his former self. Late one afternoon word was brought to Helen that a woman had keen confined in the settlement, and was dying for lack of food and clothing. The circumstances appealed to her with peculiar force. Pilling a basket with food and hastily selecting such articles as seemed most needful, she set out on her lonely walk. The door of the hut was ajar. The one room was empty. In her charit able visiting in Boston a similar ex perience had often confronted her, and now, as then, an involuntary vexa tion arose at having been made the dupe of her sympathies. She made her way to the next hut, but, to her sur prise, it too was empty. The village was deserted! The lost hut stood on the brow of an inolino. In the hollow beyond was a strange sight. Shrinking book into the shadow of the hut, petrified with horror, she stood watching a circle of savage figures, men and women alternating, holding one another by the hand, re volving slowly around a large tree. A dirge like chant filled the air, as round and round the dancers went, in the same direction, with eyes closed and heads bent toward the ground. There were young men in the circle, Had they returned, then, from their " hunting expedition ?" Chained to the spot by the mystic spell of tho "ghost-dance,' her own body swayed to and fro in unison with tho dancers. One'figure seemed to exercise a par ticular fascination over her. It was that of a young brave, naked to the' hips, and with streaks of red and yellow paint across his breast. Dark ness bad long ago fallen, and fires were gleaming in the hollow. By- nnd-bye, one after another of the dancers fell forward on his face, but the circle was instantly reformed. The young brave who had held her gaze was prostrate at last, in the kind- of swoon to which the others had sue- cumbed. _ j Suddenly he leaped to his feet. i " I have seen thb Great Father," he cried, "and he will not talk tome, bocause I have married a white woman 1 ' It was the voice of her husband 1 Half-frozen, blinded and staggering, she reached her own door at last. She must have wandered many times from the path, for the cold, grey morning light was breaking. She dropped, from force of habit, into the chair by the work- table. She must darn those stockings of August's. It was the morning for early service. There was a little illuminated book of devotions in whioh it was her daily habit to -read. Was she going mad ? The words were revolvingin a circle over the page. A capital A, in scarlet and gold, bore a fantastic resemblance to the paint- bedizened figure of the dance. There was a sound without. Tho door was pushed open and a nuked savage strode into the room. She saw his purpose. "August 1 For the sake of our unborn babe l" What followed may not be told. 