FATAL SCHOOL PANIC. EXCITING DETAILS. A sad calamity occurred on December 5 in a schoolroom in an outlying. district of Belfast, by which four children lost their lives, and about* thirty others were more or less injured. It appears that a performance, entitled " The Costume Recital,3' was being: given by a com pany who styled themselves George Arthur and Co., and as the prices of admission ranged from Id. to 3d., the building, which is capable of seating about 400 people, was crowded, the greater portion of those present being children. As the performance proceeded someone turned out the gas, ..and a panic ensued, resulting in a stampede for the staircase. Here the audience got jammed to gether, the majority of those in' front falling headlong to the bottom of the staircase, and the others coming pell-mell on the top of them. A terrible scene ensued, the smaller children being trampled upon in the attempt to reach the exit, which was found to be closed. When an entrance was effected by another door and i light turned on it was found that four of-the children were already dead, while a large number were in an utterly exhausted state. One man, who took his little girl four years old to the show, said :—" There was a rush by the people behind for the door, and then the children in front got terrified and scrambled over everything trying to get to the door too. I was towards the front, and I picked up my little girl and put her in the room behind out of the rush, and went the length of the stairs to try if I could find "a light anyhow. -There must _ have been a horrible crush on the stairs at the time, though I could not see. The women and the poor children were shrieking and screaming. At the time the gas went out I did not hear any one.shouting 'Murder,'or 'Ghost,3 or 'Fire'; but there was plenty of shrieking ' Murder1 and 'Help' afterwards. The children ran over each other and tumbled over the forms to get to the door, and some of, the glass in the windows was smashed ; but I don't think that anyone was hurt in the room. • _ It was when they got to the stairs that the mischief began." Another eye-witness stated that those who had been able to struggle to the bottom of the stairs were thrown down and trampled on, and they became heaped in a mass at the door, piled one on the top of the other. 