AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. — : ? ? Ex J. W. Henderson, It was in January, and we were in latitude 15deg. 2imin. eouth. The heat was beyond description, for we were lying becalmed under a tropical sun. The sea was a deep sap phire blue, translucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over the rail, one could see bits of gayly tinted sca-weed float ing far below the snrlace. Occasionally a brown fisb, looking purple through the glorifying water, would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting the placid depths into shivering silver, go scurrying away into the infinite unknown of tbe great deep. There wa8 not a breath of air. The sea lay likemolteu glass under the pitiless sun, and the long undulation of the awell seemed like the deep pantings ol a heat oppressed bosom. Tbe horizon was lost in a dim gray haze that quivered with the radiant heat, and gave everything an appearance o* melting. The pitch in the fleams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Scurles, the seennd mate, declared that on the forecastle deck tfee pitch was boiling. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Cspe of Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I were taking a long eea -voyage for the benefit of oar health. We had been fortunate enough to seoure berths on the Afton F alls for the voysge from New York to the Cape and back. Tbe ship was a big, able craft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, as fine a sailorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. We had been at Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell that always tumbles in towards that uninviting beaob, and we had wondered how on earth any sane person could choose such a place to live in. We bad also been under the shadow of Tabic Book, and had come out of the bay in one of those rushing winds that come down the mountain and blow a gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is emooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I were sitting under an awning spread over one eide of the quarter deck. The ship was under a splendid dis play of canvas, but the sails were eimply bleaching in the sun. Tho courecs were clewed up, in tbe vain hop? that a Btray breath of air might steal along the deck. Tbe man at the wheel mopped his brow, and stared helplessly at the compass card. The chip had no steerage-way. The vessel was full of groans and creaks and tbe clicking of hooked doors as she rolled lazily on the logg, lowawelle. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, had gone to the main topmast head, for be declared that he had got a little fanning every time she rolled. The men forward were lying about in all sorts of attitudes ex pressive of weariness and disgest. Onf Tellow climbed out on the jib-hcom, went to eleep and almost fell overboard. As we eat storing at one another, the voice of the coloured oook arose from the galley trolling a ditty which he he had picked 'up in the Southern Statos : ' D.sfayah niggah ain't gwine ter die Till old Jim Crow come toun' by-me-by, An' say ' ? Hey, niggab, yo' got tor fly high'; Umph-umph 1 Ah, umpb-umph 1' The Captain, Fred, and I looked 'at bne an other. and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up energy enough to eing. For a few minutes nothing was heard save the creaking of the ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then the oook lifted up his voice again : * I wiBh I war in Baffin's Bay, Whar all the niggahs am made ob clay, An' poesoms go a skatin' ebbery day. Hoop-te- loody 1 Ain't dat gay ? Slidin' down a iceberg in Bsllin's Bay.'' At that the three of us buret into laugh' tcr, and Captain Bown Baid : ' I believe the fellow's Tight. The only thing to do on each a day is to imagine you are in a cold place.' ' You aro just right,' said Fred. ' I wish I were doing a cake walk around the north pole.' ' Well. I don't believe I should care much about that,' eaid I. ' The north pole ib a hard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from.' ' That's very true, sir,' eaid Peter Young, tbe first mate, who had jUBt finished taking a sight, and was on hie way below. ''Did you ever hear of the whaling ship Young Phoenix.' ' No,' exclaimed Fred. ' What about her?' ?Wen, air, she's a 335-ton whaler that went out about two years ago. She was as fine a vesselmeever carried a cook, sir. and wa« said to be a hard one to beat on a bowline. Well, she got canght in the ioe a hnndred j miles or so north of Point Barrow, and was | crushed in below the water-line, so that she ; was supposed to be airifciflg, -and her crew abandoned . her. The crew escaped, and made their way haak to civilised par ts of the : world .buttheir ship did not sink.' ' What became of her?' I asked. '' WtiUi Bif,*1 said the mate, with a myste. rioaBair, ' she's sailing those seas yet, with - out a tsaplain or without a crew.' , ' How. do yon , know ?' ' demanded ; ; ' * 'Sho'fl beenaighted, eir. More than tbat, Jte'cfelaltoirtal.* , . & When ?'— ' How-?' w«xclaimeds* ~ 11 List spring a man named I»eavitt, eighted a whaler^ tknding -towards Btjiore, surrounded by ' ice-bergs, yberp.ah?, jwas, ^With licr fore andltnain topsails Bet,®tid all her gear just glittering -with ice in the sun light.' ; ?' ?' How was it Bhe .hadn't -eunkj?';|BBked Fred. ..-J .rf-g- : ' Why, bless you, sit, aho waiBn't Int.he.; water at all. jShe was .about fifty feei away from it, up on the ice. resting there juBt ae comfortable as a baby in ia cradle, and juBt as Bale too. Loavitt boarded her, and found everything on - her decka as neat as if all hands had just gone ashore for a latk. You see the ioe had equoczed iu under her, and lifted her up.' ' And you think oheV tliero yet ?' I in quired. ' Just aa sure as over you live, eir. Wby, the ioe up there doeBn't melt all away in the Epring, It breaks up in some places, but mostly it just keeps growing aud growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all if Gome of those largo ; bergs were hundreds of years old. Don't you think so, Captain ?' ' I think you are about right, Young, Bnid the captain. ' I have heard about that whaler, but she isn't a marker on an arotio yarn ehe reminds me of.' 'Something in your own experience, Cap?' I asked. ' Yes.' 'Then by all means let as hear it,' said Fred. ' I never knew you had been s whaler.' *' Yes,' said the Captain, ' when I waB in command of the Sealskin, I was well-known at Upernavik, and .they do say I have been away up— « — ''Hat that's what I am coming to. I had been one summer knocking about the entrkneo of Baffin's Bay, and hadn't done a great deal. I was told by come Esquimaux that a large number of right whales had been Ecen off the east coast of Greenland, and I decided to cruise that way. In August we hadn't seen a ghost of a whale, but I pushed on, and when about sixty miles east of Gael Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry came from the crow'e nest, ' ' Ther-r-r-e ehe blows I ' * Where away V I shouted, -? 4 Two points off the lee bow, eir/ ' Well, I am not going into a whaling etory. It's enough to ssy -we got that brute, and did a big trade in the course of the next Bix weeks. Two months later I shaped my course towards Spitzbergen, to go into win ter quarters there, and etart north in the epring. 1 had the north pole fever, which bo often catches whalers, and I wanted to steal a march on every ono else. On October 7th, a sail was sighted iar away tc tbe north ward, and I wondered whether seme other fellow had my idea. However, 1 had not much time to wonder, for no sooner had wo ! sighted that sail than it began to blow from thesouth-eouth east, and in 8 few hcurs we found ourselves in a most terrific gale of ! wind. ' As it was blowing my way, I Ecadded with the wind for forty- eight hours, try left observations ae our noon position, giving lat. 78 cleg. 41tnin. ncrtb, and long. 7dcg. 3,7min, west. How far beyond that we went no man will ever know. My reckoning wat entirely lost. I had no idea where we were The oold was intense, and great bergs loomed up in all directions, the eea breaking against them filled the air with thunder. In themidst of this awe-inspiring ecene I wbe astounded by hearing the cry, ' Sail ho 1* ' She was not more than three miles away. She was a vessel of very old build, with a high-poop deck, and Bhe was under all plain sail going like a phantom, and soon disap peared. I beat to the southward for four days, fighting against head seas and through ioet when the sun came out, and I got Eights to determine our position. Where do yoi suppose we were ?' ?* Where !' wa both ask 3d, eagerly. ' In lat. Sldeg. 57min. north, and long.: lOdeg. 42tnin, west. How far north of that : we had been that we should have taken fcur ; days to beat back, is beyond me to guess.' ' What became of the strange ship 7' 1 ! asked. ' 41 I am coming to that. We went into winter-quarters in Mosel Bay. In thespric(. we made excursions on sledges, and on one of these we found our phantom. Ae wt rounded a paint one of the men cried : ' Bail ho ! There ehe is again !' ' And there was our old acquaintance, etili under all sail, but motionless. Seeing that she was fast in tbe ice, 1 boarded her. Hei rigging was sheathed in ice, and her entire appearance was weird and alarming. 1 searched high and low over her decks and in her cabins, but found no signs of either lift or death. 1 was just coming away from her cabin, filled with wonder and awe at the 6trange rencontre, when I saw, pinned to the cabin, table with sn old faehioned dagger, a pieoe of paper, yellow with age, containing some, faint writing in a etrange language. Upon going over it, on returning to my own ship, a Dutch Bailor eaid it was in hie tongue, but some of the worde were now out oi oee. It read thus : ' Christmas, 1795 £.». 14 This day we must leave the ship. We have been without food, save one ptarmigan . for two daye. The afeip is frozen faet in the ice, with all her e&ile; eet, and we are not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, where the Bavages may feed us or put us out of our misery. Why did we ever seek for health in these frozen eeae? It is—' And there the writing became illegible.' ' And did . you you leave the old ship there ?' asked Fred. 11 No ; we burnt her. She had been career ing over the deep long enough, freezing faet when winter came, and set loose inthe spring, for : G3 years. 'And is this the strangest thing that ever happened in your experience at eea?' I asked. . . . f . t , - ' Yes, by far the strangest.' ' That beats the Young Phoenix hollow.'! eaid the first mate, going below. We were silent for a moment or two. Then Sammy Scurles came rattling down from tbe maintop-mast head, crying 'Here aomes a breexe.' 