Short Story, UNDER T.1IU YKI'.LOW FLAG. 1 How uro you ? Came round to have a bilk— if you'ro not too hmty.' Tlio man to whom thin remark \vi'« addressed brought down hiii fee!, from the oflioo lublo, sal up, ;tnd v.-cimmed Hid new coinor with u grip of tho In: m'1 ' Sit. down, old fellow ; fhul to «v you You'll stay to tifih' f Kti.ui \li, ])L..r.. i,,',, AVilton, of tho T.,log.-;iph .IXir.aj-.miMit did us lio wild told. Wotlk-d hiii^eh' in n loij olinir, placed !.:.- top.:.; on the ground, and accepted tlio i-iviffur.'il o.iiaruot. 1 Oimio iu on lius:iio!i:i ; something to do, yuu Jlliuw. Vj.lll t, KtllVC the 'long, lOlll' day.' Jiud enough iu India, bill- ii's n thousand times werso hero. Got imy ice ';' ' Sorry tho now machine's smashed. These native fellows don't understand Working it. O.-,o!z:ul Iuih ?promised to get another up from .Bombay if wo will guiir nntee to tako a (ortiiiii aniouut.' 'You can put mo down for :my quantity you like. Life may bo worth living iu some latitudes, but, it certainly isn't in Persia without ieo.' Heron (all nntivo appeared, hearing neelar in the shape of whisky and soda, and for a time Riloncn obtained. Topic* of convocation wcro few in Hushire. With tlio thormometor one hundred in the shade— damp heat — any oxeroise of tin1 braiuH is a weariness to the noli. 'Resides until tho next mail arrived, every item of nown had been worn threadbare. Pelrou, of Mfitz and Company's, placed his logs on tho table again, and resumed his occupation of staring at the rafters. Preaontly Wilton remarked : ' My brother in coming up next mail.' Arrivals wen; raro, so for tho moment Polron was interested. ' In the Indian Telegraph, isn't, he ?' he asked. ' 'What on earth has induced him to como horo for the hot. weather ?' ' You seo we've never been (separated all our lives. We were at school tognthor, and came out to India together, and when I got transferred to thin department;, ho said he'd apply to lie sent horu too. His application's just been granted, so he'll lie up horo to morrow. I'm awfully glad to havo him, but ho'll find it rather a. change from Poona.' ' Peoplo novel-know when thoy're well off. I hated our place in Fenchurch Street, bu- £'d give a good deal now to havo n little London, fog and mud instead of all this sand and glare,' and Polron thought regretfully of tho day on which ho consented, in con sideration of his salary neing trebled, to ro preaent tho firm of Mctz and Company in the Persian Gulf. ' Another and longer pause, and then Wilton enquired: ' Had any nowa from Bussorah lately ?' ' Absolutely nono. Prico of cotton going down, I boliovo.' ' I saw iu a privato message that cholorn had broken, out ; pretty bad, too, but il hasn't been ofiieially roported yet;' ' That means quarantine, 1 suppose ; all one's letters smelling of aomo beastly fumi gating stuff, and all tho contents of one's parools ruined.' 'Ifrhoy'd only keep to it, though,' said -Wilton, who had been out longer than Pol ron aud knew what cholera meant ; ' bui these Persians ovado all quainutiho -regula- tions, never como near J3n*hiro town at all, but land at night in nativn boats low or down the coasts. Ono hasn't any hold over them.' ' Oh, natives aro suoh cowards, thoy die of anything,' said Pelron, who imagined that tho characteristics of all Eastern nations ware tho same. 'You nover eatoh anything if you'ro not afraid of it.' ' Thero's a good deal in that, hut still the bravest peoplo don't always escape,' said Wilton. No more was said, till a wolcorao diversion appeared intho shapo of Khan Ali with an attendant satellite to proparo tilfiu. *;.' Another weary hour was passod away in '? .lousing Persian .cookery, mid then the two separated— Wilton to the telegraph offices, five miles away whoro ho was on instrument duty all tho ovoning, and Polron to nf tornoon toa with Mrs. Seton, a pretty grass-widow, whoso husband braved tho perils of tho deep in un Indian marine . Bhip. Wilton tho younjjer arrived noxt day by the mail stoamer and cholera, though it was not mentioned in the passenger list, oamo a day later on board n native i boat, in company with a crowd of raggod'uud filthy pilgrims. When it was firmly ostablishod, the authorities ordered a rigid qunrantiuo, on tlio principle of looking tho stable door af tor tho steed lias been stolen. Peoplo who wont through that weary summer nover forgot it. The heat was greater than had been known within the memory of man. Tho yellow ilag waved gloomily over tho town, and tlio natives died like sheep with tho rot. For a vvhilo no Europeans in the station wero attacked, but ono morning tlio flag half-mast high from tho telegraph ilag-staif showed that a member of tho community had died. It was Drown, a boy of Ko.vouteon, who had como out from tho Manchester post offico six months before. Too young and delicate to stand tho climate, ho had gone down beforo the first breatli of sickness, aud after eight hours' illness had died. Brown's death was the first, to break the littlo coterie who inhabited the top rooms of tho largo telegraph bungalow. There wore four of them— tlio two Wiltons, Brown, and Cooper — who chummed together; threo of these having known each other at home. Every evening they dined together in Brown's room, and wiled away ihe oven ing by playing caul' and talking over pros pects of promotion. So Brown ceased from being, and tho world wont on itn way ; but in a few days' limo the younger Wilton sickened, and, after Home days' struggle bouvoou life: aud denth, through which his brother nursed him de votedly, ho died, lli.-i old Guunese servant, Pedro, who had been with him since ho first landed in India, wuk terribly cut up by his young master's death. He wont about shaking liin grizzled head, and lamenting that it had not plowed tho blessed Virgin to tako him instead of ' ohota AVilnou en hib.' Finally the poor old man had recourse to tho Lottlo to drown his grief, aud by-aiid-by gucoumbed to a mixture of heal, apoplexy, Just as thin time Cooper received his long expected leave, and railed away down the Gulf rejoicing that lie hud not left his bones to bleach in a strange laud. Wilton, sick of heart at his brother's death, loft tho deserted rooms aud went to lhe iii Pelron's bungalow, about half-way between tho telegraph buildings aud town. Tho upper part, of tho pi ic- wan shut, up, but one night Douglas, one of tho clerks going across to the ofliuo on duly, noticd a light in tho upper Klory. Wuiidoriii# who it could be lie went up tiio stairs, ami look ing into tho room saw, co he assists, ibi.je playorM -eatod round the caid tablo. Two ol' them he saw distinctly, but, the back of the third was turned inwards him. Frozen v.'ii horror lie was unable to siir, and he saw the Wiltons' Goanese boy appear looking us hi; did in life, carrying a tray of refreshments. Then he made a desperate etlort, and, hurry ing away at tho utmost speed, made sti-night for Jones's room, whero he .sink spe, oliiess into a chair, and could only be re1, ive.l after many applications of another tune 'it upirits. Douglas vecounted what lie had .m.vi. '.c strict confidence to his greatest chum. ' [ shouldn't like poor old Will.ni to In'.ii about it, you know,' lie said; but in a very short time the nlorv was common property of the illation. Tlio superintendent pro fessed absolute! disbelief, aud let fall a ,-?? remark that Douglas had probably bom ?lining. Which remark being duly rcpeiled ? to Douglas hurt his feelings deeply, lio hud Mover bom) inoro aobor iu hia lifu, ho donlarod, and lie only hoped tlio nuperln tendent might tiftver behold tho sight ho hud noon. ' The faces of thc-io de:--l mim nhiying cards would haunt him to his dying day. The summer wore on its weary mmvo. The |:.--tiler,c-. mere,!,!,.,!, reachr-d it.-i zeniih, end then mercifully vaned, and wlien lhe enl of Sonieiiiber eiune, the chobra Ii.nl i-iM-ed. Although a great number of natives hail died from it, no other Kuropeanii had fallen victims. The upper part of the t/ilograprt lmnijiilow rrimiined uninhnliitf.d , no 'one would live then). Tho room hud been allotted to t.hriii; young fellows from India, country h.-vd. 'They declined to inhabit, the rooms, preferring tho disromfort of chniuming with rl.eir frii-iui-i or the expense of a bungalow outside the buildings. .Like the Frenchman, they did not. belive in ghosts, but wore, hor ribly afraid of them. Young Brown's goods and chattels woro sold by auction, the proceeds being just nuff'i .?ient to pay bin bills. Polron bought several of tho t.hinyH, amongst, others a mirror, which he sent his 'servant; to fetch away. Tho boy appeared carrying it, and in a state of agita tiou and alarm. 1 Sahib,' he began, ' I have seen a dreadful sight. Jnsballah I may seo no more such. I. went into tho room of Brown Sahib to fetch the mirror. It was ncinlv dark, but still enough light to make one's 'way. The room also wan empty . I reached the thing down and turned to go, when hohold there was a light, ami I saw the three dead Sahibs .-it'iitcd playing cards.' ' Threo dead Sahibs! What, aro you rav ing about ? Two only died. What folly is :his V 'Theee dead Sahibs I beheld, nevertheless. Tiie face of the third was the face of the buna. Wilton Sahib, but by Allah it was fane of a corpse.' 1 Sou of a burnffathor, go and soo no more visions, and if I hear this uonsouso repeated you shall Imvo sticks.' ' Sahib, I obey ; but what, is written is written.' ' You look fagged, old fellow,' remarked Pfilrou to Wilton a few days later, as the t,wo sat at dinner. ' Get tlio doctor to give you a pick-mo-up of some sort. Thank tho gods tho heat is over at last.' Wilton aortainly did look fagged and ill. There was a scared, hunted look iu his i-ym, too, liko that of koiuo trapped animal expect ing its death blow. ' It's not that,' ho said at last. ' You'll only think mo a fool if I tell you, but I shan't fee the year out.' ' Nonifcnso ! Why, tho heat's over, aud so's tho cholera. Quarantine- takou oft' too, and every one beginning to live again.' ' It isn't because of tho heat or tho oholora oither. I know it would como ovor-sinoo poor Oliarlio did. We woro novor soparated , you know, and lie won't b9 happy with out mo. Thoy want mo to mako up tho rub t-or.' Polron laid down his knifo and fork und Kiivo a whistle 1 Old boy, you'ro goui™ oS your head. For gooduoss sako, seo the doctor at once.1 1 It s all very well ; you may laugh ns much as you liko, Pelron ' — Polron had beon never further from'laugiitor in his lifo— ' but i horo aro moro things iu heaven und earth, you know. It's nil very well for you to bp a materialist aud all that, but somo things you cna't'oxplniu away. You know that Btory thai Douglas told V 1 Tho impossible yarn spun by that idiot! Ho was probably half soas ovor at the timo.' * 1 And. there isn't a servant or nativo nny trhero who will go into thoso rooms aftor rhirlc' ' Oh ! if you've got to that, bolioving a native's word, you so in a bad way,' Baid Pelron with nifigustod scorn. ' I toll yon it was long before Douglas or anybody elso said anything about those rooaiu. And as for behoving a nativo's word, why, I know them as well as you do. What I'm going to inll you is Gospel truth, or I'll afiirm it, if that pecms mom solemn to you. U was just about u week nftoi- poor Ohurlio's death, in the evening and dark, whou somo thintr — I don't Itnow what — ir.r.uo mo walk pint tho bungalow. I didn't want to, but [ felt impullcd to go upstairs, and it was so dnrk I tould hardly fcol my way. Anyhow, ? [ groped along till I reached Broivn'h room; [ opened tho chick doors and went in. Ii ivns Hlill pitch dark, but all of a sudden a light Bd'.mcil to comn in tho middle of tho room. I don't i'lcnow^ what caused it, for there wasn't imy lamp. Poor Chnvlio und Brown woro fiiUiug at tho table, jubt as wo used to tit, and there wero two empty etniirs, aud behind stood old Pedro wiiiftho glassed. It looked bo real that 1 forpot all about 'lie ubolera and slopped forward to take a baud, but Charlio sitid : Not yet ! When tho time comes we will p c-nd for you. Aad then ? I saw that his oyes wero fixed aad his jatv dropped, just as on tho night ho died.' 'Hallucination or not, I saw it all dis tiuctly. And that is not all ; as I contiuutd looking I saw myself fitting on ono of tho I'hairs. but 1 wus deau, too, and my oyeb fixed like the othoro. My time will como soon. Every ni^ht I lid awitko I wondor when thoy will ?scud for ma:' 'No wonder, mwi, you sco visions, aud dream droama if you Iitj aw«ko. Sleojiless uess is onoiijjh to ttccount for every ghost under (ho aim. I'll give you somo stulf the doctor luatio up for me tho othor day, and I'll engiv}!1- you .doi:;.t.}fot any summoiis from tho JowwrogioiiSv' Wilton obciieutlj' lock tho sleeping draught aud eonsontndto see tho civil surgeou, who pwsciibod him a course of quinine and iron. The autumn gave plaoe to winter. The cold weather, just cold onough to make a j;ood fire enjoyable, ; with its brilliant sunshiiic giivn overy ono a-n'ow kase of lifo. Tho gnnbonts slationedin tho harbour did much towards enlivening society, and crioiiot-matohos and ridiug- purtios ;woro tho order of tho day. Wilton : continued to-put.up with Polron, but; since that' night nothing further wns said about his viwon. ludeeil, ho appeared to huvo ..oomplfl^ulr'jforgotfon'it, .'ind hud quitu recovered liis.Kpirifa and health. Ho never mentioned hu brotlior'niiarno, and daily ox pected to havo a yiinr'H lavie-.ijjh granted, oagorly making }un planii- as to how and where ho would npoiid it.' The rooms in tin; telegraph bungalow,' ncivly whitoffiir-hud and done r,p, woro given^to a fresh butch of tolo grajvhista imported from :hoine by tho cable steatnoi', nnd tho ghosts seemed effectually laid. At nil ovontn, nothing moro was heard or soon of them. Ouo afternoon Pelron and Wilton rot urn iug from a long rido, wf.ro walking their horees ;ivor tho iMaidan just outside Bushire town. Thoy woro busily discussing their prospects of success iu tho next day's erieket liiatch ? iiiishiio versus Tho Navy. Wilton, an :;iithusiasiie ciieketet', vus expouudiuu' ills iheory thai no bluo-jackot could ever It! an e.rpert buv/'er, when ho suddenly slopped hia hoi'iic, and left his soutuueo uu tinislv-d. Polrju, a paco or two uLead, looked round. 1 'Whiit'i' t'.ie mutter !' he asked. AV'ilion .-it i hi'-r molioiilesi on his lioi-M', f.-WL'd iixs.-cl'y ct this r.oa bueoud Mui di.ii, and iii-iil.! ir. .'ui.MVCi-. ' \:eynu ill i' a-Ued Pehon. ' Did you .''en hiiu? !io aaii.vei'cd, in u low 'See ivliom?' sail! Pi.-lrou, lo'.Oiing round. 'V-'hiit are you la!l;i:u,' al,.,:it ? There's no body in nig!,'.' Tiiey wen. in the centre of ihe M;ii.hiu, no', a s;-\il wi.s visiblo in ih:i'. dvcuy nr.,).!:^. of .-and, and theiv w,e, ao cover Ijohhiti wliicii a doL' could hide. 'It's eume at last,' mulle.::d WiKon to hiniheh', ami then aloud to l.is ci;m;i.ini-.-.: : ' U. WHS I'cllu Who (it.,pp,!d Hi.', r he took h.ild of my in.rseV bridk- am! wild, ' iiivb.am, Habit,. ' l'elnm hK.kcd al him cio.-aly, but he was still gaxingfar away into vucuioy. 'Come on,' ho said. 'Wo uhall uover raaoh Bushicu iit thia ruto.' No furtuor words woro iipnlcnn, and an ,ooii as tho town w.is reached, Polron wont | Lo the civil siirgeon'ii liouso. The doctor y/an | -mi ?'- relvon loft, a mosimgo asking him to ; ?,0-iie out, at. his earliiMt eonVenieiico to havo ?i look at, Wilton, who was, ho mid, a bit That niirhl, soon after dinner, Wilton, who had he.ee/ in the best, of spirits, and bad apparently forgotten the incident on tlio Maidan, said he was tired, and v/ould go to b-d 'I want, to ho fit, for fbo match to morrow. Good night, old follow.' An hour or so later the civil mirpnon arrived, and after roiiio talk and refreshment went to see Wilton. An exclamation a few seconds later brought Pelron to the room. Tho bed had not, been disturbed, and Wilton, fully dressed, was aitling in a chair. 'I found' him like thin,' said the doctor ; 1 ho must have beon dead at, least an hour.' There was n pemt-mortem, at, which two doctors from tho gunboats in harbour assisted the civil surgeon. Being m.ablo to find any e.auso whatever for Wilton'- death, they, iff tor much disagreement, gave it as their opinion that ho had died of heart disease. An English coroner's jury would probably havo given it, ' Died by tho visitation of Possibly there aro ' moro things in heaven and earth than aro dreamt of ' iu our latter day science. —All Year Koimd. 