A Boaste Cared. Reuben Dean lives in the rather sleepy little town of B- in the state of NewJer sey, and he has acquired the unenviable reputation of being an unblushing liar and boaster. Up to one night abont two weeks agohe missed no opportunity to bore some body with a tale of some terrifice adventure through which he had passed, taking care to depict himself as the fearless hero of each bloodcurdling episode. He declared hedid not believe In spirits ther than those to be found at the barof the village tavern, and lie professed to hold in the greatest con tempt any one who feared ghosts or the an pernatural. Reuben lived about a mile and a half outside of the village, and it was his cus tom each night after supper to hitch his scrawny old white horse into his wobbly wagon and ride down to the "howtel." where he was certain to meet his cronies and spend an hour or two romancing and bragging. Through the day he kept the white horse out to pasture, and one night he found the animal had knocked out sev eral lengths of the staggering fence and escaped from confinement. If he spent much time to search for the horse, he would not get into town in time to hobnob with his set, so he started out afoot, satisfied the horse would not go far and no one would steal him. Just outside the village is the cemetery, which Reuben passed every night. This evening, some time before he came to the cemetery, he fell in with two men of the place, who were on their way to the postof fice. As the three trudged along the sub ject of ghosts happened to come up, and one of the men remarked that old Mother Carey, who had the reputation of beings a witch, had been buried that day. "Wa-aal," drawled Reuben as he took a huge chew of tobacco, "I s'pose folks'll be seein spooks 'raound the graveyard now she's burried there. Snch foolishness makes me sick, by goshl They hain't no such thing as spooks, and if there was they'd never skeer me." Immediately one of his companions chal lenged him to cut across the cemetery with them. At first he tried to get out of it, but their laughter caused him to consent, and he scaled the fence, telling them to follow. They had not proceeded far amid the white tombstones, where the darkness was gathering thickly, before one of the men said the newmade grave of the old witch was just ahead. At that instant a loud "woosbh" came out of the shadows, and then up before the trio rose a huge white figure that looked grotesque and terrible amid the murky shadows. A wild yell of horror pealed from the lips of Reuben Dean, and he promptly whirled and fled for his life. Hie hadn't made more than six leaps before he fell floundering into a newly excavated grave, where he lay groaning: "Don't touch me, Mrs. Careyl I'd never said it if I'd thoughti I didn't mean any Sthingi Oh, Lord! Don't touch me, good Mrs. Ghostl" - In about three minutes the other two men came alongand pulled him out of the gavae; onethemiyi sayg with the utmost: Contempt: "Get up here, you fooll Shut up your whining! Here's your ghost, and I advise you to take it home." Then Renben saw before him his own old white horse, which one of his companions had captured without a stroggle. It took him about five minutes to get the thing through his head, and then he took the horse by the mane and led it home. Since then he sneaks into the village surrepti tiously and gets out as soonas possible, but somebody is sure to see him and ask him about that "ghost." He has quit boasting, and it is hoped he is cured. G rlBERT PATTEZ. 