brief Mention. The Rlimornie meat works commence again ;Oii Pebruary 14. , . (!Ai;down country editor died of fright the other day by a subscriber, whose ac count had been, running for a lengthy period, suddenly paying up ia full. Little fear of any such calamity up tins way.'-/ ?; : .';?. , . ' \ ' -' ? ' . ?: ':,'; i'-Mr.- D. -Howell, stutionmaater for some years at Wyrallah, has been ap pointed post and telegraph ' master at Yamba, which' place was rendered va ' cant ?; by ithe death of Mrs. A. H. Pegus. Two head of Mr. ? Dangar's prime bul locks, shipped by the Echuca for Eng land, died before the ship left the const of Australia. They were the two beasts which had to he slung on board after being injured by bolting and otherwise. Gertrude Hamilton, a young married woman from Wyalong, dropped dead in the ttegistrar-Genoral's office on Satur day,' while she was registering the birth of an infant. There has been a ' ghost ' scarce at Godalming. An apparition, presumably a practical joker, with a luminous face and. white clothes, jumped out of the bushes at dark spots, uttering unearthly yells. Several people have thus received serious shocks, rendering them hysteri cal.. ,...;? According to LadyRandolphChurchill' 'every nice woman in England sinokea.' Thfe habit, it is said, is becoming popular among tbe fair sex in Australia. ?! There isn't any such thing as second love. 'When a man is in love for the second time he is dead sure he was never in love before. Thnmna Wnltpr. p.v-M.P-. now tfifielifis elocution and prepares public speakers. Walker'. was tho the most eloquent speaker in the last Parliament. A female miser died in Paris, and her friends cast lots for her furniture. A statuette fell to her daughter, and she was just about to dash it to the ground in vexation when bank notes and securities, valued at £2000, rolled out from the interior. ? Mr. H. M. O'Kelly, for some time pupil teacher at Casino Public School, has been promoted to the charge of the Public School at Brunswick Heads. r A man, : who murdered his wife and son at Cheltenham, has been reprieved, the jury; having recommended him to ; mercy because he was ' a low type of man,', and besotted with drink. There are about 15,000 men employed above and below ground in connection with the coal mining of New South Wales. 1 After the bridal party partook of a sumptuous banquet, a yonnger brother of the bride cot ud and said solelmnlv. raising a glass, (' Ladies and gentlemen, I' have to propose a toast, which, how ever, must be drunk standing. Please take your glasses and rise up.' The guests, although bewildered, did so. 'Now,' said the young scapegrace, ' if you will remain standing for a few minutes I'll find out who has been sitting on my new stovepipe hat.'' t ? Two Irishmen were working in a gar den, when one. of them suddenly disap peared, the covering of a drain having given away. When he arrived on terra tirnia again; the other Irishman (Felix by name) said: 'Bedad, Andrew, I thought ould Sandy had come for ye.' 'Oh,' no,' said Andrew, ' it was only Providence taking me out of bad com pany.' A tenant who damaged the drawing room of a house he had occupied in Lon don by using it for rollerTskating, was sued by the owner of the property, and hod to pay £35 damages. A London magistrate held that sani tary fittings could not be held liable to produce a nuisance because they were not up to date. ' When I was with the army in Geor gia,' said the late General Sherman, ' in old slavery time, a ship-owner missed a fat turkey. He suspected a fine-looking coloured man, and had him brought before him. ' You have stolen my turkey and eaten it !' said the irate master. ' I'a not gwine to say I didn't when you says I did, massa.' ' I ought to do some thing to you. What have you to say why I should not punish you V ' Well, massa, you hain't los' anything particular. You;-see, you's got a little less turkey and a good deal more nigger.' He escaped punishment.' ? We have been informed that the Members of coastal districts have agreed to form a deputation to place before the Minister Mr. H. V. Haynes' scheme for draining rivers. ' The co operation, of the Graf ton Council is sought in the matter. — Grqfton Argus. Bankrupt-^-John Hassett, of Lismore, contractor. -?;. ? A;, maiden lady, named Sicker, has just died at Windsor, aged 104. She was in Paris whon the battle of Waterloo was fought. JjS. block of buildings at Riverstone, was recently disposed of for £800. A few' years ago the bank advanced £1250 on it. 