A Strange Rclributioii. : chatter xi. But now tho glare of light and out ward influonoo, andnood for atom con trol, wore goho, tho ronlity emtio baolc, iind Edith Onstloton otolo up to tho night nursery whoro hor child Blopt, nlono as yot, for tho uurso wns down- stairs, nnd horo at lenBt she could ho solitary, alono, alono— tho ono cry of tho.proud, stormy, brokon spirit, striv ing to hido and crush its misory undor tho gloom of night and dnrkness. Tho very lamplight wns hntoful to hor. , Thoro sho sat, hor ghastly fnoo hidden in tho oorpso-liko hands, and ns ' the shades of tho dead roso up, grim and torriblo, round Ulyssos, so tho shades of tho lost nnd dond past gathorod round tho misornblo woman, thiok and ghastly nnd doomed. Tillrn n fnit WiutM rlrnam linn mlinln mistnlcon lifo pnssod boforp hor, from hor childhood to hor mnrriago, from hor maringo to thnt night. Did Bho try nnd docoivo horsolf, to porsundo horsolf thnt in nil sho had boon right ? No ; hors wns tho strong, storn mind thnt cannot doceivo itself, and boldly facos itsolf, whothor for right or wrong. Sho had sinnod at tho outsot in suffering horsolf — no matter for what reason, no mnttor how young — to ho forced into a mnrriago with ono man whon hor honrt wns nnothor's. . Hnd sho boon porfoctly right in sotting horsolf from tho first ngninst hor husband, nnd tnkinghis son's pnrt against him ? Wns hor first duty to him or hor child ? Sho onrod not. Sho hnd onst boliiud hor all quostion of right nnd wrong, and followed tho path hor will dictated, noting a part, and dosporntoly clinging, reckless of nil olso, to tho only thing sho dni'od to lovo, struggling to for get tho ono it wns sin to romombor. Heaven help hor ! Sho lind strugglod as only tho strong can bnttlo ntul suffer, nnd now ho suddenly orossod hor pnth. Sho must moot him, porhnps, continu- nny ; maintain onim, cool inuiltoronoo, live that torriblo ovoning over oon- _s'tnntly. Hor mir.d, almost numbed with suffering',. nwoko to tho full horror of lior position; nnd sho dropped hor hands, nnd lookod round ns if tho grim phnntom'of hor misery wns visible bo foro hor straining gazo. How that nursery hnd ohnngod since yoBtordny ! How strnngo, nnd now, nnd mocking ovory inanimate thing Iqbked. Tho firo had sunk down, rod and glowing, casting tho broad black Bbadows of tho bars on tbo opposite wnll, nud tbo cbnirs nud tnbloB, tho littlo bod, and tall onkau wnrdrobo, woro almost lost in tho gloom boliiud tbom. Tbo clock tickod with unbonrnblo monotony, tlio silonco grow and swelled round hor into somothing vost, and full of indofinnblo drond; stillness ho- oamo intolorablo ; dull torturo sud denly gnvo plnco to wild, restless, mnddoning.'ngony, that forced hor, by a power strongor than horsolf, to pnoo to and fro, to and fro, ns if n ourso wns upon hor thnt compolled hor to movo. If Guy hnd ontorod then, sho could liavo stnbbod him. If Loicostor hnd stood thoro arid summonod hor nway, sho would nlmoBt linvo gono, with lovo and hatred surging in hor brokon honrt; with fiorco passions, whoso strength sho hnd novor fully known till now, raging in hor vory soul ; with tho awful sonso of guilt, nnd slinmo, and wrong thnt soomod to break down hor vory womanhood. Oastloton's unfortunate wifo pncod to and fro — a haggard, ghastly thing of1 despnir — tho moro ghost of tho beautiful woman tho world know. Tho, littlo child moved slightly, and, with gleaming oyos, tho mothorpausod nud bont ovor it. No lovo or pity for it now — for no onross was thnt slender linnd uplifted. Tho donth-liko fnoo might linvo boon tbnt of a midnight assassin, for its look of rutbloss dos- truction. To dostroy, uttorly destroy, anything thnt belonged to hor hus band, wns nil hor impulse in thnt fonr- f ul dark moinont. AVhnt if slio hnd givon it lifo ? It was bis child as woll. Tho door oponod quiotly, and Alan stole softly in, but ho pnusod as ho saw her 'face. ' Mother !' ho said, in a low, stnrtlod tone. Sho turned, saw him, nnd foil at his feet, with such n cry as ho had novor hoard boforo, and novor could again. 'Alnn, I loved that niau ns woman seldom loves. AVliy was ho horo to night ? How can I bonr it ? IIow can I boar it ? Oh, that I woro dead, and out, of my misory !' sho said, springing wildly to her foot. ' Mother, darling mother ! Hush !' whispered Alan, clasping his arms round her, and drawing her to a sofa. ' Yes, lot mo hido my shameful head,' sho said, hiding hor face against his bronst, ns if it was a guilty thing, ' for you nro tho only boing I daro to love 1' \- Alan darod not wliispor ' Your own child,' for ho romoinborod hor fnco with a shuddor. Ho only soothod hor in silonco — the gontlo touch of his hand on hor hair, of his lips on hor brow — that wnB all, and gradually tho Bbivoring form ho hold grow moro calm, and lay still within his arms, till nt last, sho liftod hor faco, so ohnngod by tho fiorco ngony sho hnd gono through, so awful in its hnggnrd ghnstlinoss, that Alan stnrtod. ' Mother, mothor,' ho said, hurriodly, ' for Honvou's sniio don't look liko that ! If my father soos you, it will .bo torriblo. It will bronk up ovon tho shadow of a homo that is loft. For your own nnmo's salco — for my snko, mother, rocovor yourself.' Sho mado no nnswor snvo to lay hor faco ngninst him liko a wonry child, nnd so remain porfoctly still for a long time. Sho liftod it at last, anil said, in a low, hollow voico — ' Yonrs ngo I told yo.u you should to-night ?' ' Dopr mothor, you will try your powers too f nr.' ' Hush ; It must ho now while tho wound is opou, or, novor. , I must toll it shortly, or I shall fail. You know already that I was born to wealth, and that wo lived mostly in Pnris, my mother's nntivo city. My father — Mr Hastings — was both n dissipatod nnd a speculative man, and for yours boforo tho orash enmo bo wub muoh involved — so muoh so that ho know he would lonvo nothing. Ho hnd tbo sonso to givo mo a profossion, and as I had a fino voico bo plncod mo undor a good mnstor, and at fourteen sont 1110 to. the Conservatoire undor nn assumod nnnre, keoping socrot his intentions nbout mo from all but my mothor nnd mysolf. .Alan, iu Paris, in sooioty, whon I was betwnon sixteen and soventoen, I mot Dudley Loicostor,' Sho pnusod to gather hor strength, ' Aftor whnt you linvo soon to-night you will wondor to lionr thnt no word of lovo ovor pnssod botwoon us, yet I know thnt ho lovod mo, nnd I know too woll that I lovod him, girl ns I wns. Ouo evening nt n soiree I sang thnt song "Unnvoco." It wns the Inst timo I snw him till to-night. Two days nftor onmo tho crash. Mr. Hast ings lind run his tethor, nud to avoid arrost had to lonvo Paris prooipitatoly for a smnll town in tho south of Franco, whither my mothor and my solf followed him directly, for his oroditors Boizod ovorything. Thnt crash came on tho 12th of August, ro mombor, nnd shortly nftor our arrival in tho South, I honrd thnt Loicostor hnd gono t.o London, nud sailed im mediately for India. '0 Alnn, what could I think? Hnd I boon mistnlcon, doooivod by my solf or by him — aftor all, ho had novor spolcon, novor mndo n sign — or wns ho so fnlso ? Evorything oamo ut once, and crushed mo. My mothor — never vory strong, gnvo way beuoath the suddou full to poverty— mind, notunl poverty — so thnt I wns glnd to toaoh singing nnd English in tho families rounu, ana at ouo ennronu j. nrec your fnthor. Woll, bo sought mo out, nnd I was so mauy years his junior, my whole being was so nurabod, that I wns off my guard ; in truth, I did not ovon dream that I wns tho attraction, nnd I wns uttorly stnrtlod when, in loss than n month, ho nskod my fnthor for my hand. I refused him flatly, nnd told him vehemently that I novor could lovo him. Ho nnsworod in his grave woy that ho did not nslc that nnd would not yot nccopt my refusal — a 'woolc lionco ho would onll ngnin. Oh, thnt. horrihlo wa'ok! My strength, my brnin roolod bonontli my misory, nnd tlioy soizod tho ndvnntngo, for Mr. Hastings took it in linnd, to soli mo for gold. My dour mother wns dying for want of almost nooossnrios ; my fnthor spoko of Loioostor's ftilso- noss. llo lind writton to Mr. Hastings, it soomod, asking permission to ad- dross mo boforo tho fniluro, and my fnthor had rofusod him — ho wns not rioli enough.' ' If ho wns a man lio should linvo soon you,' oxolnimod Alan. 1 Hush ! lionr tho end. My fnthor mndo liirn boliovo thnt I wns ongngod. Ho hnd lenrnod, too, thnt I wns no heiress — only to bo n concert singor — nnd ho wont. So in that wretohod woolc my father drovo nnd forced" mo on to snvo my mother. Well, woll, I wns mad, broken down, nnd in ono woolc from tho any ho enmo ngnin, I wns his wifo.! ' But, mothor, that villain was false — unworthy of your noblo heart.' Sho covered hor fnoo from his sight. ' 0 Alan ! 0 Alan ! ho wns not fnlso, or how could my guilty honrt still romombor its lovo ? 1 boliovod it thou, but nftor my father's dentil I found among bis pnpors tho lottor Dudloy hnd writton him. Alan, it wns (lntod tho 13th August, tho day nftor my fnthor wns known to bo a ruinod mail. I lind boon doooivod — it wns I who bad boon fnlso, not lie. Ainu, can you wondor that my wholo nnturo wns turned to gnll — that tho iron on torod my soul, nnd ho must doom mo a hoartloss flirt, who throw liirn nsido for n mercenary mnrriago ? It should bo nothing to mo what another mnn holds Cnstloton's wife; but, 0 Alnn, do not dospiso mo for n guilty wifo. I lovod liirn iu my innocent girlhood, nnd I cannot root its inomory out. Honvon knows I hnvo tried, but tho power is gono. In misery niul heavy sorrow, in wrong and sin, tho dio was onst twolvo yonrs ngo, nud it is too Into now.' 'It cannot, shall not, bo too late!' said Alnn, bonding ovor hor with in expressibly pitying tondornoss. ' My own darling mothor, you must norvo yourself to ondure it, or worse will como, .Can you do it?' ' Yes,' said Edith Onstloton, putting both hor hands in his, and they felt liko tho touch of a drowned corpse. ' For your sake and mine I oan. Cost what it may, you oan trust; me. Tho first bnttlo is tho fieroest to win. And it is won.' Was it quito won? Is that which is wrong in tho casting recast without the fiery furnace ? fTo be continued. J 