MELBOURNE ITEMS. ■:o: From our Correspondent. j The proceedings of the Royal Com , mission appointed in Sydney for the I re- trial of George Dean, convicted of ^ having administered poison to his wife, , calls to mind the half buried story of the Mount Rennie trial, in which there was no after inquiry. In Dean’s case f great public pressure was brought to 8 bear, and one of the strongest argu j ments used in favor of a re-trial was r that the trial before Judge Windeyer was a parody on the forms of justice. . Many persons held the same opinions respecting the Mount Rennie trial, , which was rushed through before the , same judge, who summed up strongly : against tli« prisoners, just as he did , against Dean, and who took a hurried verdict from a jury exhausted to , stupidity by day and night sittings, . but the Mount Runnie prisoners were without influential friends, and four of them went straight away to the gallows, while the others were sent to gaol for life. At that time the face of the law was set against any serious enquiry into the character of the Crown wit nesses, and in much the same way the irreproachableness of the characters of the witnesses against Dean was taken for granted at his trial, hut he is in the fortunate position of having the past history of those who tried to put a rope round his neck thoroughly inquired into. Two of the witnesses against the Mount. Rennie prisoners (Stanley and Smith) got into trouble shortly after the trial, Smith being sentenced to a long term of imprisonment for arson, and Stanley only escaped gaol through a little matter connected with a cheque being put right by his friends. Viewing the Mount Rennie trial in the present light, it is almost certain that had there been a re-trial, as in Dean’s case, full light would have been thrown on the histories of some of the wit nesses greatly to their advantage, and probably the feet of the four youths who were executed, would not have stood on the gallows of Darlingliurst gaol. To find a parallel to the Mount Rennie trial, said the late Right Hon. W. B Dailey, Q C.. one has to search the darkest and bloodiest days of Irish history. The manner in which the case was hurried through by the Crown was simply infamous. The counsel for the execution got their statements in at. the early part of the week, when the jurymen were fully awake, and able to understand what was said to them. When the defence came on the court sat for forty hours, with only five and a half hours intermission. The priso ners, tired out, slumbered fitfully in the. dock, some of the lawyers dozed, and even the jurymen found it difficult to keep their eyes open continuously. When an adjournment was applied for at midnight by one of the counsel for the defence, he was told that unless the trial proceeded, the jury would be kept over Sunday. And so the trial went on until the nine prisoners were found guilty and sentenced to death. The judge who presided at the trial and sent the lads to the gallows,. quite recently lent the light of his counten ance to a solemn inquiry as to the authenticity of Mrs Mellon’s ghosts and was laughed at. The same judge sent George Dean to the gallows, hut ho has escaped that ignominious termi nation to his existence, and is in gaol for life unless the present proceedings aid in the acquittal of the crime he has been convicted of. So far as thp in vestigution before the Royal Commis sion has proceeded the mora' characters of Mrs Dean and her mother have not come out spotless, hut as the case is subjudice I will not make any further comment at this stage beyond remark ing that Judge Windeyer must feel a little uncomfortable in the light of recent disclosures. A good idea of publicity has been given recently to the proceedings of certain individuals in Melbourne, who have been canvassing for advertise ments for country newspapers, with which they have not the remotest con nection. As the modus operandi has been pretty fully exposed it is unneces sary to go into details in this letter, but I will relatp one instance in which the Chief of this bogus newspaper agency figured a day or two since. He had obtained an order for a one inch adver tisement in fifty country newspapers for twelve months for the sum of £3. (£50 would be about a fair price for Rame)‘. and the advertiser, under pres sure, paid the first quarter in advance, but as he was not one of those confiding business dupes, who are satisfied with the assurance that your advertisement is being inserted regulaily in all th« papers, he took the trouble sometime after he had given the order to examine the journals in which his advertisement was to have appeared. Needless to state, lie examined in vain, and in a very angry mood proceeded to the office of the so-called Association. Although he had been drawn into the spider’s web he discovered on this occa sion that Mr Spider’s parlor was not easily accessible. There were minor spiders about ready with all manners of excuses for their Chief, who possibly was absent weaving his web for other flies, but this advertiser was deter mined not to be baulked, and stamping the floor in a manner which made the minor spiders tremble, he declared that if a satisfactory explanation was not forthcoming in an hour, there would be bi" trouble. In less than half that time the Chief was in the advertiser’s office urgidg for the non-appearance of advertisement that there had been un avoidable delay, but when he was confronted with evidence that many of the newspapers on his list would have nothing to do with him, he pleaded for clemency, offering to pay back the 15s that afternoon. This wa3 certainly a case of complete reversal of the usual order of things—the spider trembled, not the fly. However, the proffered money was not accepted. The gentle man referred to has placed himself in communication with other Melbourne advertisers, who have been drawn into the web, and it is probable, if not tolerably certain; that the days of “the ring ” are drawing to a close. The recent divorce case, Synott v. Synott, was remarkable from the fact that a nnmber of people swore posi tively that the respondent, Mrs Synott, t whose moral character was proved to be [ stainless, resided with her daughter in I a house ot ill fame, in Carlton, during ' the year 1881. Twelve witnesses, in \ eluding four policemen, swore positively s to this. Originally twenty-nine wit i nesses who had identified a photo, oi '. Mrs Synott, taken 23 years previously, j as being identical with the respondent in the divorce proceedings, were sub i pcenaed by the petitioner, but the f majority of them, on being confronted ‘ by Mrs Synott in person, could nol 1 identify her. Another strange feature \- was that the twelve witnesses whe swore so positively to the lady, and alse to the photo, referred to above, coulc not identify a photo, taken in the latter part of 1893, just before Mri Synott’s departure for England. The evidence against Mrs Synott at the blush appeared to be very strong, but her solicitors, knowing that it could not possibly be true, instructed Mr P. J. Sheehan, the Chief of Lloyd’s. Detec tive Agency, to make investigations with the object of ascertaining whether the whole case for the petitioner was a huge conspiracy or a remarkable case of mistaken identity. These investiga tions speedily put a fresh aspect on the case. It was ascertained that a Mrs Synott actually did live in the house in Carlton during 1884; that a well known member of the demimonde, named Alice Synott, not in any way connected with the respondent or petitioners family, who boro certain resemblance to the respondent’s photo, taken in 1883, resided in the neighbor hood in 1882 and 1883. 