DAYS OF CRIME A. AND tVEARS OF SUFFERING iuiobioorarny. ' i ' '' \ vi 1 chapter x. | . stub b1teb. is bit and he bites again. On arriving nt Maidstone j - went to the Eailway Inn, and remainod there till the next morning. Not liking tho house much, i removed m tho courso of tho day ito.the Royal Hotel. As i always givo the .world a full account of mv proceedings when i am doing othors, it is only fair that i should bo equally communicative when i get done mysolf. i affeoted billiards, and fanciod 1 could play woll.1 There was a billiard-room in tho hotol, and to it i went on the evening after my (arrival there. There was prcsont , a leather stylish-looking person, who iutro- 'duced himself to me in tho course of tho might. he told mo ho was on officer in the iRoyal Artilley, and had recently invented some wonderful rocket, which lie gave a Ivery harjl name to which i forget. Ho 'invited me to play 7>itli him. i did so, i And won £5 from him that night, promis- Sngto meet him there the next evening.' 3ufc i woe not to bo done iii tliat manner. 1 knew it was a common practice among eharpera to nllow the victim to win somo- 'thing at firBt, and as i had some slight idoa_ that the artillery gentleman's imunitions of war were furnished chiefly \- by his wits, i was not going to bo plucked so innocently as lie imagined. i met him .the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that i had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day. The -officer soemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in the most ; d&gagi; manner, and finally proposed to linfr/lfl iiaa Ida tn n wAiin/r Ia/Iw urttatm 1v a gas paying his addresses. I accompanied |bim in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and' we alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which wo were immediately Bhown by tho sorvant girl who opened \- the door. Nobody was thore. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more (than seventeen, made her appearance. I . iwas introduced in the approved fashion — Miss Nelaon, Mr. Hamilton, — Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson." I have novor seen Mias Nelson since that evening, but I retain, a most lively reoolleotion of her. She was good-looking,' sould sing charmingly, and had the most fasoinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although 1 drank only a couple of glasses, it had such an offeot upon mo that I found it im possible to keep my eyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoke with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal Hotel. I jumped out of my bod and dressed myself, and on examining my , pockets I found that I had been robbed of all my money except a solitary £10 note, . ; which,, being in a separate pooket, had . (either, escaped -notice, or been oharitably . 'left me by the thief. Allthibvesaredread- ' ful bad'losers.- I was no exception to the rule, and I could have cried for very voxa- tion. I ring the boll, and asked tho waiter how I came home tho previous night. He told me that I was brought to the hotel about one o'clock that morning ; that tho gentleman who came with mo in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated ; that he 5s and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, " and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress me and \- get me into bed. - Of courso I saw in a moment that it was a regular t( diamond- cut-diamond " affair, and as talking would V not bring my money baok, I said nothing of my loss. I have soon the " military officer " since \- .'then. We worked togotlior in chains in ' the same cart somo few years ago, and I . only recognized him by his telling tho . Atory of the " young swell at Maidstone " for the espeoial edification of myself and the other cart, parties. .Having been so completely cloaned out, . It behoved mo to buckle to at once to re plenish my empty pockets, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy finessing Bchemea, I was compelfod to com mence immediate operations. That very toy, with the zeal of ancient Strabo, 1 BMs myself oompletoly master of thegeo- . EPmphy of tho place, and before night Inot onlyknew how all the roo'is were situateu, buthadmademyself pretty well acquainted with the sort of pooplo by whom they were \- tenanted. I know woil enough that it is -. quite common for a woll-drossed thief to \- take apartments in an hotol and "barber" all the inmatoa ; in other words, to got up in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal as much as possible. This, in tochnioal language, is. called "Danoing a luBhing- drum. Philosophers ' define instinot as ' knowledge prior to oxperionoe," and as I certainly at that tinie was wholly without experience in suoh matters, I. must have bean under the guidance of theinstinotive faculty. I didn't go to bod that night, butf\ moroly lay outside tho bed reading. Tlio book was of a moral and religious charac ter,, but it failed to influenoo mo ith its arguments. By one o'clock _ the houso was silent, and out I glided, -like a ghost. \- I felt a little nervous on ontoring tlio first room; but, despite the model sys- < item, I have boon remarkable for good ; merves on many a trying oeoasiou, and on Itlils first essay in tho " danolng " line I 'was soon as cool as a ououinber. It . would bo dull work telling how I searched the olothes, made my way to tho droBaing- table, pocketed purses, watches, chains, gold pins, and othor. nrtioloB that would jproduoo " money, and money in any way. I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The iloxt bedroom to that in winch I slept was un- , ocoupted, and with the pookot-handkor- chiof of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively flooood, I tied '.all the watohes, pursos, oto., together, ' (entered tho empty bedroom, and placed r. 'thorn safely out of sight on a ledge_ up tho : chimney, keeping out a few bo voroigns for < my immediato uso. Having done this in \- a neat and workmanliko manner, I retired ,to bed. "'At eight o'clook l jumped out of bed, Slipped on my trousers, and then rang tho ;' bell violently. A waitor very soon op- ?, peared. i ,. Toll the landlord 1 wont him ; fetch '-fche- police, I have been robbed in the '' night. Twenty- throe pounds and a pro- \- / xnUaoiy note for thirteen, my studB and my poekot-book, all gono. Who could < ', /have done it?" . , ( The waitor didn't let me go to tho end ' y ot my sentence, for ho ran to tho landing mv : . and called out, "Hero's No 7 has been ' lifflrved the same." \- 1 \ xDd cftiffp the landlord. He said he was sorry in the extreme ; ho couldn't con ceive how tlio thing could liavo been done. No lose had over been experienced in his ' house 1 before. He Was sorry, very sorry. The police had been salt to inves tigate tlio ' matter, and lie hopod they would succeed m traomg the robber. Four other gontiomon had beon robbed I also. The mspootor of police oamo shortly af tor wards, and looked into tho rooms, \- and undor the beds, as if lie thought tho thief might have taken a fanoy to have a \- nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an invontory of the property lost, and then- wont away Bhakmg his head and looking remarkably wiso. I remained at the hotol a week, gratis, for as no funds had arrived for me 1 told tho landlord I should be forced to leave my bill unauttlod. Undor the ciroutn- stanoos tho landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at the week's end I I loft Maidstone, and procoeded by the ooaoh to Chatham. I need scarcely observe that I had ' during the week removed tho " goads and ohattels from the chimney ledge, and conveyed them to Chatham without any . fear of consequeneeB. Suspioion fell upon tho " military gentleman," for although not in the house on the night in question, he was well acquainted with the premises, and his sudden disappearance was unac countable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my own safoty socured, and I at the same time "gratified a double grudge " — against the world and against my particular antago nist. The money result of my night's foray amounted to somo forty odd pounds — just sufficient to keop me going while I struok out some fresh Bcheme for victimis ing the world. CHAPTER XI. a glimpse op better things. The second night I was at Chatham I visited the theatre. -A Miss Lee was to make her appearance in tho character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of the house of Oapulet she was. I re member well with. what, energy: she vin dicated Romeo i'tho lines— << He was not born to shame: . Upon bis brow shame is ashamed to sit ; i'uj. no i wivud tvucio uuuui wuy uo crowned Sole monarch of the universal earth 1" i confess that i felt a boyish pasBion spring up -in my-bosom for this young girl, and i sat up a great portion of tho night com- foaing some complimentary verses to her. called the next day on the manager of the theatre, and obtained the address of tho actress. i forwarded the verses by poet, intimating that i was but a mere youth, and should be glad personally to say to Miss Lee how greatly i had been charmed by her acting. i received a reply the next morning, thanking me for the verses, and contain ing an invitation to tea for the ensuing evening, which was a non-performing night. i purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespeare i could find in the town, and tho next evoning duly presented mysolf at Miss Leo's residence. i was received very kindly by the young lady's mother, who informed me that her daughter Ellen would not be able to join us until seven o'olock, having been summoned unexpectedly by the managor of the theatre with the view of permanently engaging lior. The mother was a perfeot gentlewoman ; she told me that Miss Leo had from ohildhood evin ced a remarkable enthusiasm for the etage, but that it was with muoh r'eluqt- anco she herself had consented to her daughter's embracing the theatrical pro fession as a means of livelihood. a little after seven Ellen Leo came homo, and she cordially thanked me for the verses, deolaring, however, that they wore by far too complimentary. i pre sented her with the Shakespeare, and uttered some nonsense about recognizing in her a genius fit to breathe life into the beautiful creations of tho poot's master mind. An intimacy- sprang up between us— a true and innocent friendship, which 1 look back to at this moment with melan choly pleasure. Ellen Lee was only an actress at a small provincial theatre, but she was beautiful, talonted, and goad. Sho gained upon my hoart overy day, and i soon had no secrets that wore mine alone. Sho was my confessor, she waa my advisor ; and she strove earnestly enough to bo tho good angel of my life, to save mo from my own wayward erring self. i used very often to spoak to her about tho dangers attending her own pro fession, and 1 remomber on one of those occasions, she replied in Ophelia's words — . " i shall the effect of this good lesson keep, As watchman to my heart'; bat, good to my brother, Do not, 08 Boino ungracious pastors do, Show mo the steep and thoray way to heaven, ' And miss the path thyself." . The life of guilt is, indeed, a dark, sad life on which the sunshine of happiness can scarcely for a moment gleam in its unclouded brightness. The haunting memory of orlrao flings a deep shadow on our path when joy would fain surround us with its light ; and as flowers of gladness spring up on our way they are at_ onoe blighted by the ourao of guilt, which is over present to the wioked as an interdict to happiness, ' - Thus it was with myself. I might have beon very happy in tho Booiety of Ellon Lee and her mother had i been but inno- oent. But botng the guilty tiling i was, there was always prosent an invisible hand to dash from my lips eaoli.oup of bliss before i could sip its promised swoetqess. And i am euro— let me . write as lightly as i may— that thus it will ever be. ; There are phantoms over on the path of orimo which soare away the realities that offer happiness to the heart 1 Yea; in thoso days ellou Loo would have made, me happy, if my own sins had. nob made mo wretoned.' Sho gave me a sister's lovo, and when the darkest of all days came, then came Ellon to comfort and as sist. My lifo has been most guilty .; but still i have sometimes knelt in prayer to God, and then i liavo prayed that Ho ljjio loves the pure in heart would ever keep Ellen Lee happy'and good as whon sno first wunderod withi mo through the' Kentish woods near Ohatliam, listening to ray praises, and believing rne to he As Innocent as herself. i passed atloasb four months at Ghat- ham, and as i lived tolerably frugally, and, in Ellen's aoeicfcy, had no heart tot any i now wickedness, i committed nofrOsh crime, hut made tho money' i had pro cured at Maidstono answer all- my pur poses. During the period of my intimacy with tho Loos i had told Ellon tho story of my lifo, roquestinghor, however, nottodivulgo anything conneoted with my history to her mother. Ellen cried bitterly at the rooital of my sufferings and my sins, and implored mo to lot the past be the past, and to oommonco lifo anew. i often had a desire to do this ; but thon tliat past had a power over mo for over. Neither re- pentanco nor amendment could give im munity for doeds committed. Howovor, .while my monpy lasted, x did no vio-. r ; i lation to ray foolings. i felt how much happjor ono could.be following good than pursuing evil, andT refrained from obtain ing 4 money, and money in any way." But wlion i had. only a pound or two left m my pooket, i was urgod by tho devil within me to ronow my warfare upon the world. i bade Ellon and her raothergood- bye, telling them that i hoped in a few weeks to liavo tho pleasure of being with thorn again. i did seo them more than onoe afterwards ; but the story, as it ad- vanoos, will rolate where. . 1 loft Chatham with four pounds only remaining to begin business anew. The' particular line of business i had "not determined. i liad some of the trinkets , whioli l had stolon at the Maidstone Hotel by me still, and those i converted into cash. i wont to Heme Bay, and on tho second night of my arrival i " dancod" the hotol whore i was stopping to the tnno of twenty-live pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to keep mo in cash for the time being. It was while staying at Horno Bay that i met with an advertisement in tho London Times which had been inserted by my father. It merely stated that nothing had ' been heard of me since i went to sea, and that if i was still in England i was to write or go home immediately, the ad dress being given. i wrote a letter to my mother, telling her i oould not come home — that i had beon a bad boy, that there was no home for me in the future ; that i Bhould like to have a letter from her, whioh she could direct to my own name at the post office, Heme Bay. My mother accordingly wrote me a long eloquent letter ; she seemed as i read the letter, to bef speaking to me again, as she used to speak to me when i walked by her side whon i was a ohild. But it was useless. The old deep earnest eloquence was there, 1 but alas ! the heart to whioh it was ad dressed was changed for ever. My mother implored me to return home ; she told mo they oould send me to school again for a couple of years, as they were in business and doing well ; and sho felt quite sure, > ahe said, that i could have done nothing very bad, only some boyish wildnoss which my own feelings exaggerated. In reply to this communication i wrote a more explicit letter, and sent my mother ' somo versos. Tho letter, which was a «Am iamm aha t AAnn/kl: WAmam It at tka WlJ AUilg UU«| A- vawuwv AWMiuiuuvit auo verses have clung to my memory, so i give them : — Mother 1 darling mother, yoa are seeking me i know, And i feel thy love will follow through tho world where'er i go ; Bat i cannot come, dear mother; i am sadly altered now; The once fair wreath of innocence that gar landed my brow Has faded ne'er, to bloom again ; and from the things of yore— The fair, the good, the beautiful— i'm severed evermore. My onward way must be a path of darkness and of pain, Bnt i muet tread it ail alone— i cannot come again. Of ail the changes that have come, i know that this will be, . < Where all the changes have been sad, the saddest change to thee. i know how much thon'lt weep, mother, for tby dear boy bo lost. And 'tis the sorrow thou must feel that makes me sorrow most. i strove againBt this darker fate, i straggled, mother, long, i starved and suffered months, mother, ere i was linked to wrong ; And oven now good sngelB plead to win me — bnt in vain i Once fallen is for ever lost— i cannot come again. i'm severed from thee by my sin, bat cannot . say '.'forget," Tby love is such a hallowed thing, i ask it even yet; But let it be a memory that images all fair Tho child that with uplifted hands in faith knelt by thy chair. Think of me, mother, as i was, when joy lit up my brow And my young heart was innocont, but not as i am now. Fray for me. This i know thou'lt do ; but seek me not, 'tis vain i i'd throw a shadow on tby homo— i cannot oome again. They Bay that in tho desert drearsome green- . nessmay be found. Some oasis in contrast strange to all the waste around, And even thus, within my heart, guilt-dark ened though it bo, There is a lovs all beautiful, that lives and clings to thee. T'm nrfwmfn o» vapf Mfetfirlv. I Cfllllioh hfilo these tears, They are the tribute memory pays to joys of flectod years. Good- bye I God bless theo, mother dear I I sorrow, for thy pain. - Oh i if i were but innocont, i'd gladly oome again. ' . i distinctly stated in the lottor tliat it would bo utterly useless again writing to me as i was on the eve of setting .out for a distant part of the country. TIub was quite true, for the next morning i loft Herno Bay, and went again to Maidstone. i went with a sad- heart, thinking of all the grief myraotherwouldsufferon my account. She had been such a good mother to mo ; and i soemed to see hor looking down upon me with hor. full lustrous eyes, and fondly kissing me and pointing to all the bbauti- ful thingB so largely soatterod by tho hand of God through all the universe— just as she used to, do. in the olden days when i .was her darling boy, in whoBe futUro all her hopes and dreams were contred. And what a future that has beon ! Bettor, mother, to have seen me laid whon i was innocent iii tome quiet churchyard,' where in summer evenings you oould have visited tho little grave that hold my body with full -assurance that my spirit, had winged its flight to Honven 1 , What sorrow," wretchedness, and suffer ing have fallen to my lot. my own heart knows only. My outward misery Bsb been igroat; but there lias sometimes been au inward torture still moro dreadful to en dure. Thou art in Heaven, my mother 1 and by the increased light of tby angel knowledge thou -cah'st road this heart of mine ns mortals read it not. Thou wilt know then, that i havo struggled agninut the evil prompting of my nature ; tliat i have sorrowed muoh for tlio griof tliat i havo occasioned thee; that at this mo ment the good voice is plo&ding; within me and the good angol site watching near my heart. Mother) if spirits above can strengthen the struggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou me, so tliat_ the voice speak not, in vain, and the vigil of the angel bo tui itst. But alnsl what hopo of being good have i ?' It is likely tliat years and years ago, in that journey to Maidstone, i felt a transient repentance, a momentary yearning for tho good ; that i wept, that i prayed ; and that soon afterwards i re signed myself to wickodnoss, and was, without compunction, seeking 44 money, and monoy in any way." Alas for the in consistency of human nature i alas for the wretched woaknoss ot good inten tions i alas for tho worthlBssnoss of _ holy desires disassociated from tho porsistont enorgy whioh over labours for thoir fruition. (I b be continued.') i The more pets the old maid has, the more pettish the old maid is out to be. 