IN the history of modern progress there is nothing more instructive or more humiliating than the opposition whioh has been shown to scientific inventions by men of intelligence and even scientific attain ment. In politics it is natural that the pre- visionary faculty, which is half foresight and half insight, should sometimes fail tlicro, and that wiicn is does they should make lamentable mistakes in their forecasts of things and ovents. Peel and Wellington may bo forgiven for thinking that no good could come out of Rowland Hill's penny postage, and we may excuse Mr. Gladstone for opposing the abolition of the taxes on knowledge because they prevented the circulation of cheap and nasty literature. From Lord Cockhurn's Life of Jeffrey we learn that very much tho same sort of argument was employed against the extension of popular edu cation of the most elementary kind, namely, that it would tend, umong other things, to increase tho crimo of forgery ; and whon later on tho volunteer move ment was started in England the Duke of Rutland protested against the danger to his order of admitting working men into its ranks, and fortified Belvoir Castle. Those aro only a few of the mul titude of examples that might he taken from public life to show how native shrewdness and a large acquired expe rience do not prevont public men from drawing grossly inaccurate inferences and conclusions from their study of what is happening around them ; and all that can be said for tliein is that their study has been loose and inadequate, or that thoir discern ment failed them at a critical moment. The record of their failure is anything hub a fiattoring commentary on the infallibility of human judgment in connection with the sclonco of govorn- mont; hub tlioy aro nothing compared with the ridiculous blunders that aro rotated of the votnrias of tho exact sciences. Only last week wo had by oable tho accounb ,of a train tra versing tho 640 miles botween Lon don and Aberdeen in 512 minutes., The story was a startling ono, hub it mado ne great tax upon our credulity, and nobody thought of questioning its truth, for tho simple reason that with tlio extraordinary developments that nro daily occurring in locomotive scionce nobody would ho prepnrcd to say what is impossible and what is not. Hut with what a difi'orent spirit tlio news would have beon received not much moro than half a contury ago, when railway construction was in its infancy, and tho man of seionco was confronted for the first tinio with a new and dangerous Energy liko steam, whoso hohavior ho could not fore cast from his limited experience. AVIion Huskisson was killed at Liverpool, in 1830, upon att experimental trip in a railway trnin, Lord Brougham wrote to Napior, of tho Edinburgh Review : — "Tho folly "of 700 pooplc going 15 miles " an hour in six carriages at " onco oxcoeds holief." When tlio llill for the Liverpool and Manchester railway wns boforo the Committeo of tlio llouso of Commons in tho samo year, Tolford, tlio engineer, expressed an opinion that with the improvoment of tho locomotivoaspood of oven 20 miles an hour might bo readied, but this opinion was called by tho exports of the Quarterly Review " a gross " exaggeration," and it wns contended that "people would suficr themselves to bo " fired ofT upon ono of Cougrovo's rockets " as soon as truBt themselves to tho mercy " of such a machino going at such a rato." From objurgation the writer venturod on tho more dangerous pastime of prophecy : — " As to . thoso persona " who speculate on making railways " general throughout tho kingdom, and " superseding all tho canals, all the " waggons, mail and stage coaches and " post chaises, wo deem them and their " visionary schemes quite unworthy of " notice." And yet we havo mostorod tho industrial use of the now Enorgy so fast that at this moment the men of scienco promise us a vehicle that shall transport ub through the air at a rate which shall enable us to eat our breakfast in Now York on Monday and our luncheon in London tho following day. Fourteen years ago, in the then condition of nioelianical science, tho construction of such a machino was demonstrably impossible, and to-day its actuality is among the scientific cortaintios of tho not distant future. As it was with tlio railway, so it was with the steamboat. Dr. Larduer, as we all know, ridiculed the notion of a vosscl propelled by steam crossing the Atlantic, aud the fourteenth Earl of Dorby declared that lie would swallow the first vossel that succeeded in accomplishing the feat. What Charles Dickons thoughtof thedangorhohad surmounted when lie found himself landed by tlio Britannia in Now York in the incredibly short space of twenty-ono days, and how ho registered a vow never to repeat the risk, is duly recorded to his con fusion in his letterto Forster. How would his courage, we wonder, havo endured a voyage by ono of tho ocean grey hounds that chase each other over tho same billowy course in less than a third of tho time ? Aud with what an incredulous shrug of tho shoulders would lie have recoived the inspiration of the ship-building vales who breathed into his ear that with,, a slight, alteration of the type the same vessels with tiie same motor- power would run the distance at the rate of fifty instead of as now twenty or twenty- two knots an hour 1 Marvellous' as are these triumphs of miml ovsr matter, they are the products of the slowly dying ago of Steam ; and what wonders may wo not look for when the Electric ago, which is now in its day-dawn, shall have buret in full effulgence over the world and given us a new dynnmis as inexhaustible as the Snn itself ? What the revival of learn ing was to the Renaissance, what the dis covery of tlio now world was to the con temporaries of ShakBpearc, what the steam ongine was to the contemporaries of Brougham and Napier, Electricity in all its thonsandfeld applications will be to the generation that holds the twentieth century in the palm of its hand. One of those applications it is easy to forecast. Up till now its principal service to man has been to act as his messenger for him. To-day it flashes his thoughts from polo to pole with tlio speed of the lightning ; to-morrow it will convey him bodily. The olcctric tram ear has long ceased to bo a aoveliy, and the electric conch and swift moving cycle are, thanks to Frencli enter prise, just taking their places ou our roads and lanes. While tlio wires over his head are convoying his secret whispors to tlio ends of the earth, Dr. Torrance will bo able to take his arrowy ilight through Collins-street on the wings of a forco that slialllie stolon from the armory of cloud-coni- polling Jove himself. In the phonograph andtclephono ho already is in possession of an instrument that can record and make audible tho pulsations of his speech, while tho microphone stands side by side with the microscope to warn liim of the little ness of human knowledge and the narrow limits of human observation by revealing to his ear and his eye a world of unsuspected sounds and sights that live unheeded in every breath of air around him. May he not hope in time to penetrate some of tho other cherished secrets of Cosmos ? There was a time when we knewverylittlcof tliehumanhrain. Now inen of scienco are able to say with cer tainty that a cubic incli contains six million fibres, that its molecules are so numerous that, assuming every thought to involve special oseiiiutious auu vibra tions among tliein, it would be impossible for tlio most amplo thinker in the course of a long life to exhaust the demand upon them, and that a youth translating Greek shows greater contraction of tlio corcbral vessels than when ho is translating Latin. Scientific speculation goes oven further, and declares that it can no longer he doubted that ono brain may have tbe power of transferring the thought that is milling its surfaco to another brain, just as ono tuning fork may transfer its musical pulsations to another fork in the same key. What if Edison's noxt gift from liis magical cornucopia of elec trical marvels should bo a photograph of that thought in its passage ? The suggestion is not Edison's, but that of one of his countrymen, Professor Edwin Houston, also an electrician of reputo. As the professor puts tho problem and its solution for us, we feol1. that there aro other things in liaven and earth, but particularly in heayen, that are more inconceivable. Wo Lave just heard the dictum of scionce, that \tliouglit is accompanied by molecular vibrations iu the grey matter of tiie brain, and that tho vibrations set up wave motions in tho etjier which ponclratcB all matter. Nd.w, asks the professor, as the etlieric vibrV- tions, or brain waves, must partaker of the naturo.of light, wb&»houl4 it not bo\ possible to obtain, by monns of a lens, a pholugrnphic impression of thorn? Tho nnswor line not como yet, hut ho will bo a bold man who would say that it will not bo in tlio affirmative when it docs. As soon as tho instrument is inventod, some body will doubtless coin . a namo for it. Till then, ib may be legitimate to refer to tho well known eircumstanco, in support of tlio professor's projoot, that tlio Spiritualists claim to bo ablo to photograph a ghost ; oiul os nothing in nature or out of it can be more etherin), we are ontitlod to ask, If a ghost, wliv nob a tlioinriib? Tlio conscquances that would llow from tho disoovory nro almost too multitudinous and too distressing for liumnn contemplation. Tho ido» of having ono'a thoughts visibly and in delibly ongrnvod on tlio loaves of tho family album brings a now and unheard of torror into tlio best regulated family circle, l'or who would care to recall tlio medita tions of n single day, much loss to revive the accumulated stores of a year or a lifu- timo? And if no ono would liko to bo re minded of tho fancies and phantasies tliafi flitted across his mind in roiiio loose nnd unguarded moment, with what fooling would lie contemplate tlio possibility of tlioir being miulo as visible and tangible as typo-written wordB to tlio wifo of his bosom ? l'or, it will bo obsorvod, I'rofossor Houston does not toll him how ho is to keep his thoughts to himself, or in otlier words, how ho is to prevent tlio wifo of his bosom from using the magic lens on the sly whenever slio picnscs. Tho key to tiie thought-picture on tho photograph would of course bo the common posses sion of mankind, though tlio profossor omits to give us tlio rather important information what tlio key is to be, or liow wo aro to deciphcrour thoughts or our neighbor's after wo liavo taken the photographic impression of thorn. The mental imago of tlio wif of your bosom, or of somebody else's wifo, might bo conceivable to tlio nowly trained Iloustonian artist ; but an abstract proposition would liko Hamlet's ghost take a very vaguo and questionable shape. A phonograph of thought would appear to bo a much moro reasonable medium, for if tlio thought is oxpresscd in otlieric vibrations tlio vibrations would give up thoir sounds to bo recorded by the phono graph, which in turn would pass them on to tlio brain " tuned to vibrato " in unison with tliein !" Jlorrcsco refcrens 1 What a world would it ho, iu which our inmost thoughts could ho read as in a book, mid tlio closest-hugged secrets of our bosom bo published on tho house top I Happily, science has its fairy tales, and I'rofossor Houston's daring speculation wo may hope is ono of tliem. At the same time a ninetoontli cen- tury projector, who hold the lightnings in his grasp, is a thauniaturgist wliomic would bo sacrilogious to quostion too ouriously. This only person that could teach him any thing would be a philosopher from Laputa An American projector in particular ought to ho a very apt pupil in an Academy which busied itself with such plaus for improving the race as extracting sunbeams from cucumbers and teaching mathematics by writing the pro blem on a lozengo for the mouth and receiving it into the brain in the form of a cephalic vapor. A free-trader in possession of such a handy method of indoctrination might reasonably calculato upon making a sucking convortor two in timo without having to rely upon the eloquence of Mr. Max Ilirscb. Are tho Abrahanisos malingerers? Dr. Shields has not any doubt oil tlio subject ; yet two other modical gentlemen, equally as expert as Dr. Shields, declare tlio illness to bo real. The suspicion' of shamming was aroused during the trial of tlio Ahraliamses by the somewhat theatrical exhibition of fits, which could he turned on apparently liko gas or water, just when required. The subsequent persistent silence and abstention from food of the Abrahamscs at all events showed the pre sence of strong will power. There is no doubt of the emaciation caused by insuffi cient nutriment, and tiiere must have been a good deal of physical sufTering, even if voluntarily undergone. That doctors Bhould differ ns to tlio meaning of tho symptoms is not very remarkable, since it is really difficult to dis tinguish between actual and fsigned disease when tlio presumed malingerer is possessed of intelligence and tho hysterical neurosis. It is suggestive that the liability to mysterious attacks of illness is always confined to certain classes of per sons who have an object to servo. The soldier feigns disease in order to cscapo military duty, tlio mendicant in order to excite the compassion of the charitable, and the criminal in ordor to escape punish ment. A French writer 1ms remarked that during the conscription the simulation of diseases "has been brought to suchperfec- " tion as to render it almost as difficult to' " detect a feigned disease as to cure a real " one." As a rule tlio diseases assumed aro epilepsy, catalepsy and kindred dis orders, and the sudden development of these complaints ill convicted prisonors naturally arouses suspicion. Blindness, deafness and loss of speech aro also amongst tlio common symptoms affected by the criminal malinceror. It requires groat insight to detect the knavery of these pretenders, and it is reasonable to suppose that an experienced gaol surgeon lias the best opportunity of ascertaining whether there is a fraudulent pretence. Some attempt lias been made to attach blamo to Dr. Shields for resorting to tho electric battery in the case of Emanuel Abrahams. Bub his defence is obvious. Assuming that there wero grounds for believing that Abrahams was shamming, it is the business of the medical 'officer to discover the fraud and put a stop to it in tlio interests of justice. His duty to the public not only justifiod'but urged that course, and he could not havo avoided it withuut violating ills duty. Wo havo already shown how experi enced physicians havo sometimes boon treating for years diseases which had no existence except the semblances which hysteria gave to thorn. A good many of tho miraculous cases which have excitod tlio suparstitious aivo of the ignorant have really had their origin in this strange disease. Tlio long continued trnnco is a well- known illustration of the hysterical condition, and so are the extra ordinary perturbations of mind and body that sometimes accompany great religious excitement. Our London correspondent iu )iiBlastlotter,forcxample,describesacurious case, which lias its direct bearing upon the alleged miraculous cures at Lourdes. Pierre Delanoy, who from IQ77 to 1881 was employed as a hospital attendant, con ceived the idea of embarking upon an easier vocation. Accordingly lie simulated all the symptoms of paralysis with such skill that lie deceived tho most celebrated specialists, who treated him from 1883 to 1888 at seven or eight of the principal hos pitals. But one medical man, more heroic than his comrades, commenced a course of treatment so severe tlmt Delanoy declared that lio was cured, and disappeared. In 1889 lie mado his way to Lourdes, hobbling on a crutch, and went through the usual routine of the _ convert. After having recited, \ a number of long prayors in tho grotto of tlio Virgin ho suddonly jumped up, throw esido his crutches aud walked about with an oase and vigor whioh drew crios of admiratiou from the as sembled pilgrims. Tlio tame day a certifi cate, signed by tlio Arthbishnp of Cagliari, tlio Bishop of Hebron und the doctors Attached to tiie establishment, testifying the nature end extent of tlio miraelo, was given to Dolanoy. The event mado a great stir, there were public rejoicings, and the impostor retnrnod to Paris. Tho fellow wet a rogue in reality, for wlienover he managed to wrigglo into apositionof tniBt, lio absconded with the funds in hand, nnd was finally convicted. On his trial, ho assarted . positively that lie had roally suffered from locomotor ataxy and lied beon miraculously cured at Lourdes. " JIow could it bo sup- " posed for a minuto," ho asked, " that an ignorant man liko mo could ho " long havu doceivod tlio princes of _ " scienco ?" Fortunntoly ono of tho soiciitifio princes was built on tlio Shields model, and adopted a severe courso of .treatment, which put his decoptivo powers beyond quontion. Had Dolanoy been loss of a rascal, and boon coil taut with the comfortable position which tho pious providod for liim, his euro of paralysis could hnvc been attested for all time ns a vindication of the miraculous powers of the Lourdes water, and lie would havo escaped dotection. Dr. .Shields's galvanic battery was just as potent as the miracu lous water at Lourdes. Tho attention given to the Abrahams affair is satisfactory in ono sense, beonuse it is an ovidonco of the cagorness of the community to prevont any in justice being dono to prisonors of tlio Crown, ft is not so vory long ago that whoever was regarded lis the public cnoiny had no compassion extended to him. Tlio army doctor hud liis own prompt way of dealing with malingerers. Jlo ranged them against a wall, opened a voin in tho nrm of each and leb them drop in succession as tlioy fainted from loss of blood. An oxporiencod poor law olliecr ia the early '40's lias described how ho circumvented the tramps travolliug at the parish chargo. Ho discovered that an invariable part of the equipment of the tramp was a pieco of sonp, the habitual uso of which was nob ovident. The officer wenb straight for this pieco of sonp, and, cutting it open with liis knife, usually found the wages of a harvest campaign. It is reasonable to say that noithor fraudulent mendicants nor malingering prisoners should ho enablod to cheat tho public or defeat the ends of justico. 