TIlE INCOME TAX.. (" PvacH.") When last year we warned the people against the introduction of an Income Tar, except in the very last resort, we pointed out the dangerous nature of this particular form of tax. In doing so we were not claiming any brilliant discovery, for the same danger had been frequently referred to in other countries. We drew attention to the fact that the country that has an Income Tax is always at the mercy of the country of the day, because in an established Income Tax the Treasurer and his assistant torturers have the thumbscrews ready to hand -particularly ready to other people's hands. The machinery is all ready, there is no complicated bill to pass through Parliament, but just a simple little measure altering the rate in the £, and then, as Dame Carruthers says in "The Yeoman of the Guard," " The screw may twist, And the rack may torn." Speaking broadly, just to illustrate our contention, we may assume that the average rate of the Income Tax all round is 6d in the £, and that is pro duces £240,000. If the Treasurer finds that revenue and expenditure will not balance by, say, £30,000, he need not wear his hair off by trying to retrench or find a new and statesman like way out of the trouble. He can give the screw a little twist, only a penny twist, and lo! he is saved. When, in the past year, we warned the people, we felt that this "free, easy and accessible" manner of getting at the taxpayer would soon be oper ated; but we had no idea that the machine would be called upon to work so soon. If we can believe the rumours current about the Treasurer's monkey ing with the Income Tax, we are to have an altered and additional tax next year- the second year of the existence of the the tax. We can only say that Mr Turner's hurry is only paralled by that of the wife of the ghost of Hamlet's father-" Not two months dead, or yet the boots were old with which she followed my dead father," etc., etc. The Income is not yet a year old, yet as soon as he finds that he cannot make both ends meet, he comes forward with his hallowed thumbscrews and refined tortures, and declares that " The screw may twist And the rack may turn." Or in plainer English, as there is a deficiency, that deficiency must be made up solely by those persons who are in receipt of over £200 per annum. Although we do not say this ad visedly, we may assume that the tax will be increased, but that the ex emption will not be lowered. And for this reason. In the Argus we are told that there is a proposal in the Cabinet to increase the revenue from the Income Tax, and that the method will probably take the form of a re-adjustment of the classes, and possibly the exempt minimum will be changed from £200 to £160 per annum. At first sight there is a savor of ingenious policy about this, whether the ingenuity be that of the Argus or the Ministry, because it does not make the altered tat affect that large body of Civil Servants who receive not more than £3 per week. Next day the Age, a journal which, we presume it is no libel to say, is in the confidence of the Government, calls the Argus report " mere surmise," but adds that "It is obvious that the decline in the revenue has excited the apprehension of the Treasu er, and he will, no doubt, have to find means of balancing the loss. But to say that he contemplates sprealing the Income Tax over a wider area so as to includes ihcomes down to £160 is a wild guess at probabilities that have not been conceived by any responsible Minister." The statements of the rival dailies are only inconsistent in detail. The Argus is probably right except as to the lowering of the exemption to £160 ; the Age is Machiavellian in not denying, but re ferring to matters as pure surmise. We assume that the fact will be that the evemption of £200 will remain ; that there will be some regrading of incomes above that amount; and that there will be an increase in the rate of taxation. It is in this simple method of apply. ing taxation that the Income Tax fails to do justice. If all incomes were taxed it would be the fairest tax that could be designed, in theory, at any rate; but the moment an Income Tax with an exemption comes into force it is a tyrannical power in the hands of a Minister. Take the present case-and remember that this is only the first, and that the tax is not a year old. It is openly stated in the Press that the necessity for further taxations is the steady decrease in the railway returns. That taxation, if retrexasment be impossible, is necessary to pay for this decrease we are quite willing to admit. The railways are very desirable con veniencies, and like, say the Post Office, or the Telegraph Department, are such public conveniencies that it might be advisable to run them at a loss. But it is surely unfair to make the persons in receipt of over £200 a year pay for the expense of running trains which are daily patronised by the members ofthecommunity receiving lees than £200 per innum. In the case of the railways, all classes may be said to participate in any advantage that there may be in running them at a loss, and it seems only fair that, if thAo chance is unavoidable, all classes should bear some share in it. But Ministers are only human, and the convenience of increasing the Income Tax could not be overlooked by the most virtuousof Treasurers. We repeat that we warned the public what the introduction of an Income Tax meant, and now, all too soon, that public will find that the screw must twist, and that the rack will turn. 