FAILURES WHICH LED TO BIG SUCCESSES. The world is full of people who have transformed crushing calamities into 'stepping stones to higher things.' Misfortunes havo proved for many; turning points on the road to fortune. Some remarkable instances of this have occurred in very recent times. Tako the case of Mr. Cecil Rhodes. The crowning fortune of his life was when he sailed for the Cape, after the doctor had given him barely three months to live. Many men would havo succumbed, given up the ghost; Not so Mr. Rhodes. He resolutely determined to live, and to fight his way in the world. His history is very in structive. Son of a poor 'clergyman with a big family and a small living — a characteristic clerical combination — the future Warren Hastings of Africa was not a brilliant success in England. Keen competition reduced him to £2 per week. Then his health failed, and ho fled to Africa as a forlorn hope. There ho not only restored his health, but also made a name and a fortune after much hard work and many ex citing struggles. This younger son who started with pluck and shattered health as his stock-in-trade, now looms large as the most powerful, influential Englishman in South Africa, where brainy and pluoky Britons abound. Mr. Rhodes does not claim to be a brilliant writer, an eloquent orator, or a fascinating conversationalist. But he knows how to think, and has a rest less energy which translates his thoughts into deeds. At an age when most men are laboriously sowing their wild oats, he has endowed his mother country with a new empire, foucht his little war, built railways, towns, and telegraphs through track less wastes, and opened up unlimited possibilities to the hardy pioneers who have followed his fortunes in this Land of Promise. With good health and £200 a year, might ha not have developed into a tennis-playing, ciga rette - smoking, barmaid - worshipping member of society 1 Then there is Mr. Mackay, another favorite of misfortune. Had he pos sessed a comfortable competency, he would have missed a fortunei so vast that he could scarcely tell you off-hand its exact figure. Happily, ho found himself a penniless youth in poor old Ireland, and was compelled to emigrate. It is believed that he worked his pas sage over to New York about the time the gold fever was raging in California. From New York he promptly made his way to the Land of Gold. Once on the spot he traded, bartered, specu lated, and mined with unceasing pluck and varying success, until he and his partners struck the famous Bonanza mines. They scooped out silver by the ton, and report says that this group of mines yielded £40,000,000 in a very few years. Mr. Mackay literally snatched his millions from tho jaws of misfortune and hardship. During the process he roughed it under all condi tions, standing his ground amongst the most formidable of cut-throats and desperadoes that ever collected in one district. A six-shooter was then an indispensable adjunct to a man's outfit. Bulldogpluck wasas necessary as mental acumen in that wild struggle for wealth. The promotion cf the first Atlantic cable was greatly facilitated- by a mis fortune. Gisborue, the real originator of tho scheme, was in New York seek ing capital to start it. He was on the verge of despair ; people jeered at him as a visionary. One night his hotel was burnt down, and he contrived to escape to another, There he chanced to meet Cyrus Field, and inventor-like, began to expiate on his grand schome to that fianancicr. But the latter did not believe in it, and asserted that there was no money in it. Undaunted, Gisborne attacked Field with his burn ing eloquence on every possible oc casion, until the latter was fairly con quered. ' I will see it through,' said he at last. And. he did. The Atlantic cable was thus saved by a misfortune. Another brilliant career commenced under a cloud is that of Count de Witte. Of all Russian statesmen lie is the one in whom tho now czar has hitherto shown most confidence. M. de Witte, who is an Odessa man by birth and breeding, was created a count only a year ago. About 1880 be was an obscure village station master, and it was an act of disobedi ence, which led to temporary disaster, that first attracted tho attention of M. Wychnngradski, who was tlinn presi dent of the railway by which De Witte was employed. When Mr Wychne gradski becanio Minister of Finance, he brought the young stationmaster to St. Petersburg and rapidly promoted him from post to post, until three years ago the disgraced railway official was appointed Minister of Finanae. M. de Witte, although only forty-five, is regarded as the coming mail in Russia, and has even been mentioned as the probable Chancellor of the Empire, in succession to the late M. de Giers. This would be a most democratic de parture for the most autocratic nation in the world ? The old story of the phoenix rising triumphant from its ashes has never better exemplified than by the career of Mr Whiteley, the presiding genius of the immense establishment that bears his name. . Most people know how he started his business on a small capital in a tiny shop ; how, little by -little, by sheer pluck and hard work, he added window to window, shop to shop, until his house threatened to mo nopolize the street. Then came a catastrophe — his place wasburnt down! Did Mr Whiteley lose heart 1 Cer tainly not. With indomitable will he proceeded to rebuild his premises on a more extensive scale than ever. Then, when everything was again working smoothly, a second mysterious catas trophe overtook him. : His' establish- | mont was again desyroyed by fire. Fate seemed to have marked him as a vie-, tim, and the people thought he would retire from tho struggle. But they, did not know him. He immediately began to rebuild, and his vast concern now prevadetfone mMw district. 