HIS GHOSTLY WIFE. IN" THREE CHAPTERS. (" Argosy") CHAPTER II. " What hath lifo been? What will it ,se How have I, lived- without thee 1 . How la life botli' lost and found in thee ? Feels't thou " For Ever " in this " now V' Owen Meredith. There was certainly no sign "of a, headache 0r .aiy other.malady about Rosa Trevor ivhon she made her rather late appearance in the breakfast-room'oxi Chriatpaas morning.' Where is the new "muir ? She whispered to Charlie as she took her place beside him. ' Hasn't shown up yet,' replied her cousin abstractedly, being occupied in attending to Mrs. Gwyn's wants. 'I expect the ghost too much for him.5 •' >' • What fun!' laughed Rose. ' I hope she nave him a good fright. I cannot endure that kind of man.' 1 What do you know about him1?' de manded Charlie's neighbor curiously. . 1 Oh, I have heard a good deal about him from the Ratcliffes—Percy-is in his battery, don't you know, and He often stays,'with them. Blanche and Annie say ho is fright, fully conceited, ^thinks no end 't>f himself' niid .his 'V.C.y and gives:-"oufcr: that -V.only married women;; hav;e any senso-t;—he* will1 not trouble-toYaJli topgirla. « •; ,■ . , ' : 'Mrs. Gwyn looked ,duhi6ui'.and putsod up her rosyjips. :. ' "" ' He did not give me that impression,she said slowly. — ' But I daresay he fancies him self. I never met a gunner yet who'did not,' she ended with a little laugh, v V..." '. . .. , ' SVeli, anyhow', I shall, "give -.fai'ma^wide. berth,'declared Rose. ' It .will be n new sensation to his'lordship to find one woman who doe3 not run after him;' 1 That is a favorite dodge with you girls ' remarked Charley loftily, with all the wisdom befitting his twenty-one years. ' You think if you can run one way, the men will run after you, but it doesn't always pay.' ' Give me some toast, Charlie, and don't talk about what youdo not understand - said Rose, with a mischievous laugh in her wicked heel eyes. , Breakfast .-"was half over1 when Captain Dalson at last entered the room; with many apologies to his host and hostess. lie was immediately greeted by a storm of inquiries concerning his nocturnal experi ences, which ho. received, and evaded, in his usual nonchalant manlier. ' What a shame it. jvas of you; Lu.shingtoir ho said lightly, ' to raise my hopes on the subject of the fair Watteau danie for nothing.' ' ' Ho has seen something, for all .that,' re flected Mrs Stapleton, who had boon watch ing him curiously'over since his entranco. And I will get it out of.him, too, before I am many hours older.' " With which 'object iii view she made herself especially 3greeable, as she so well knew how ; and bi>ing well versed in masculine nature, looked after his creature comforts and attracted his attention to the most appetising-dishes on. the -well--spread - (able. ' I have mother cousin to introduce to you, said Lady Lushington, as she rose to leave the room ; ' you did not meet last night. Rose, my dear, Captain" Dalston—Miss Trevor.' . . .. Rose gave him a frigid little bow andsmile, but Ralph, with complete forgetfulnes* of his usual perfect "manners - stank^ 'ai; her in siicnoe as though unable to, speak. ' Gracious he is struck,thought MrfTOtfyn. What on earth do all the men see in that • little chit? ' I do nob think i can claim Captain Dal ston for a cousin. ; Fanny, said^Rn^f, i» a voice which she seemed to have borrowed for the occasion from a refrigorator. ' The re lationship, if it exists at all, is so.yery di- rant.' With an effort Ralph recovered his powers of speech,;.;j/. .i . ' It is too bad of you; to repudiate-hne in that heartless1 way,'Miss Trevor. ' I chink we shall be able; to. trace a connection between us at anv rate.' ' ' ' I am not at all good at that bind of thing, she answered, making heir way towards the door. Is it not time we got ready for church, Fanny.?' and taking the elder lady's arm she left the room. Captain DalBton stood still for a moment staring after her retreating figure, and then rousing himself, went out into the) shrub-, berios to steady his nerves with the aid of a cigar. ' Most extraordinary likeness'I ever saw,' lie muttered to himself. ' Only wants her hair powdered, and that blue and p'n.k. arrangement on, to be the living imago r>f. my ghost. • If I had seen-this girl last- nistht.. I should have imagined, that her fac<> had bewitched me into fancying I saw it"nz in. but I never set eyes on her before. Well. I'll be shot if I can make, it out.' > ; • Here.one or two : of the men interrupted his solitary meditations, and lie tried to banish the remembrance of Rose Trevor's" lovely face by a visit to the stables,' and aji animated discussion on equine beauties. Christmas Day-' was kept at- Lushingrtin ! Court in the real.old- fashioned'style', .whiofi; like so many other ancient "customs, is rapidly dying out. The house was dsRo-; rated rwith holly and mistletoe'; thV" jrufeits played forfeits with the children, and burnt their ^finger's at snap- dragon ; and a huge fir loin, turkey and indigestible plum-puddings and mince pies usurped .the place of the French Icook's usual piquant' plats and ethe real confections. v. Much to. Rose Trevor's "disgust Capfain Dalston.had been lold off to take lier in to dinner, but true to her resolutions, she de voted the lioii'a share of her conversation, to the man uppn her other: side, leaving her partner ^o co'risole himself with-Mrs. Staple-, ton. : ... ' This was (Juite a new.style of treatment from the universal admiration, system pp.no rally adapted by the sex towards this sjood looking gunner, and, as thn fair doctor, bad anticipated, it acted like a 'bracing tonic upon the patient's interest in her. 'Do you admire Miss Trevor ?' asked-Mrs. Stapleton's soft murmuring tones - in his ear, as she discovered him gazing intently at the girl's profile."J, Rnlph gave a little 3tart, annoyed at being caught in an action so unlike his ordinary role of cooHndifference. ' Oh, she is a pretty girl, I suppose,' lie answered carelessly. 'Not my "style at all ; too much color ; don't you think so?' with a glance at the speaker's pale face, and --'raw tinted hair. ' But I cannot help looking at. her. She" reminds me no tremendously of someone ' 'Indeed !' said the lady briskly, thinking she was oil tha verge of a discovery. . 1 I lwu always been given to understand,' slip added archly, '.that Captain Dalston ivas invulnor able where our sex are concerned.' ' ' Well,' ho replied coolly, 'whar have I done to make you infer the contrary ? I did not say I admired the person of whom Miss Trevor reminds me.' But hero, to Mrs. Stapleton's annoyance, and a littla to Ralph's relief, the signal for denartuie was given, and the former was forced t) retire with her thirst for knowledge fif.il! iHMjipeased. Li'er on in the evening, when the children's games had come to a noisy conclu sion, some of the guests wandered inf.' the picture-gailery, where cosy velvet-covercd seats placed at discreet intervals, invited con version, and what the French call' the soli tude of two.' 'Show CiptainDalston your portrait, 'Rose,' said Lady Lushington, faithful to her match making instincts ; and having noplausibla ex cuse ready, Miss Trevor, with visible reluct ance, prepared to obey. ; ' I ara afraid it is a great bore to you,' re marked her companion with unexpected and marvelloua humility, as they turned into the 1'Jiig gallery. ' Not at all, ' replied Rose, with an expres sion on her face which rather belied her polite words. 'This is the portrait Fanny means, she continued, pausing before a frame, where a beautiful woman, in a Watteau costume, smiled from the bygone centuries. ' She has a ridiculous idea that it is like me. She is an ancestress of mino, so there may be a faint resemblance, but that is all.' Captain Dalston stood like one entranced before the picture, recognising with amaze ment thoBtartling resemblance, nob only to tho girl by his side, but also to the appari tion he had seen the previous night. ■ 'I beir your pardon—w,hat .did you say?' inquired Rose. ~ 1 Did I speak V lie stammered : ' I did not ffleiti to. But it is the most extraordinary hkeiiess.' ' Really ?' she answered with a little shrug of her graceful shoulders, 'I suppose you Aink it is the correct thing to say so, bub l>ray do not iinagino you are paying mo a compliment, for I think the lady has the n'03t. affected expression I ever sftw,'... _ ' Aflected,' >10 exclaimed," indignantly, 'it. 13 t!to most perfect face,' And then ho paused, abruptly, remembering she was without the key to his bewilderment. 4 It is not only you it reminds me of,' ho continuod rather lamely, ' I could swear I had seen the original.' ' Tell mo whore,' she murmured, losing her manner of stiff reserve as if by magic, and turning to him with a look of dangerous soft ness arid entreaty in her lovely eyes. ' Do tell mo. This is the first favor I have aalced of my cousin!' Ev-pii A chillis had his vulnerablo point, and the cool, self-possessed Captain Dalston, los ing his "head at this sudden transformation of the ice- maiden answered as one'in a dream—' I saw her in the west corridor.' : (To be continued. ) 