ENTIiK NOUS. (Hy J. MCNmle.) ScWP.RnPT has dabbed Conlgai*lte J^pbuidvilJc^-»#.-^W»Jf* -b 1<1 name to give'lt either. Bow many of our nnf jitunnte wirkless people have prim- there, seeking gold and finding none, and fwdnting almost the wrist tniso) ies of famine in the shape of bud and poisonous tinned meat*) J^!Y«iB8Tiy f)f t^o fip5Y«*o{ Australian -^Mwiay4^i|e>lliere to die victims ?uiV itS ' tn>h*ib*e -insanitary arrange ments! My advice to young Aus tin)};* ifij give f\>olgardic ft wide berth. T he *>n1y green thing in .tbat barren Huiidv waste is very unfortunately (he new "ilium. Far better to die a tang trotylrnnisucker of Neiv Booth Wales; bat still I don't wish to prejudice hnyo.ie'agai n fcttb e golden sands of the~"We6tern colony. « # * Mr. Michael Davitt has wisely fin,hen to lecture only on non-political subject*, and one cannot help praising liis magnanimity. Mr. Davitt is intensely Irish, and it is hard for him to keep off tbo one all absorbing national question. He is an authority on land and laboar, and it must be a real treat to hear such au eminently prHiiioiVi speaker. Most undoubtedly JJursltiB one of the finest specimens "f the genfrons Wsh race that, has over vinted these colonies. The public admires n ma!i of such outspoken and fearless independence. Few men can equal him in mental agility. His dodged, insistent, and merciless attacks ou laud monopolists has made his name dreaded by Tory landlords, who have benefited by an overcrowded labour market. * « * That old "Wagga-bocd, the Tich bovne claimant-, has all these years doggedly kept his secret dark. But at last it has come out, much to the discomfit are and chagrin of the-still not a few believers in bis lineal descendency. How any one could believe in an uneducated loot is a mystery-as this unwieldy mass of concentrated fat really was, and who 011 the clearest proof had never received any more than the most elementary education, and who could not have possibly ever mixed in good society. For no matter bow rough a man may be become, even after a life tune in I be bush, still tbcro will be ! Bi une traces left of good breeding. Ttiis coaiw, blunt individual bad not the faintest ghost of a show. But he bamboozled an over verdant gullible tmwd, which tends to show us that (he gullibility of the human race is by ti« moms « difficult, matter, even bv illiterate and uneducated persons. Indeed, illiteracy is n.ther a rccom ni.-ndiUion, as its place is supplied by dinning and Jesuitical finesse. We have now lust an ornament to im posture. No one ever imagined that he would let the Cat out of the bag. ? * * The Rev. J. E. C. Welldou, M.A-, head master of Harrow school, in an address delivered before the Colonial Institute in London, has declared that the instinct of sport played ft larger part in creating the Empire than did studies. I quite concur with bim. Wellington, I think, said that. Waterloo was won on the cricket (ironnd of Eton. In these days of " cramming" it is pleasant to hear the bead master of a great English public school speak oat his iniud. But t don't- thiuk there is roach fear of our neglecting sports for studies oat here. The \nutisr colonial will take good care <if that. Extremes of either are b»d. Spoits should be encouraged in all ouv schools, public or private. The master who enters' heartily into the games of his pupils is always the most, popular, and deservedly so. # » Bishop Webber, of Brisbane, is un fortunate with bis clergy. Ho brings j them <mt from England, and several of those always return again. He is > now making a renewed appeal for j vol noli ers for the Church in Queens land. The land of the crocodile and tbo barana is rather rough for these gentlemen, who don't take hnppily to their new surroundings. They prefer the green lanes and hedges of old England. And indeed they are right, for a clergj man's life up there is far from being a pleasant one in all re spect-. Some of the districts wo "lurge as Ireland, and these have to be visited ' periodically. ; But why does not. ? tbo Bishop start a theological college and encourage young Queens* laudcrs to enter the ministry? It is ever thus-we must have Buglish trained clergymen. I should say that Australians would be mnch better for ,imsli .jwork. bo14b ey get: no-show nor eocoragemejit.. Woo caai wondor at " J * 1 rt\i n rvtl llpnillfi ? W. G. Grace, tbe famous cricketer, is a i-eniarkable man. He wakes up now and then and performs some great feat that fairly Staggers and startle*'*»? This time He has made his hundredth "century by scoring 288 runs in a match played at Bristol, bttwceu Gloucestershire and Somer sttshire. For n nyiii at his time of life it is indeed wonderful. The glory t>f "the old crieketer is not yet departed, not by a long way. We may sec him out hern again. Brock* well is fehining in bowling for his country. Hs was under a cloud when here. * ? ? Th« boycotting of the Ix>id tncu teimnt of Ireland is incomprehensible, lint snch is the fact, and facts we know are stubborn tbir.gr. The nobility und gentry Tf Ireland on all ccuiisions igucirehim, and the patrician ' ladies keep away from 1 is festive biM»rd._ All this is because he is the C.ll-'ague of the party who wieb t.i give Ireland Home Rule. When eve he appears in public not a ghost of n cheer in raised. When we consider ; that this comes from tbe adherents of " a<v and order," it is immensely 1 ficb. Lord Houghton's inborn tack and patience must be great. Arc we fonnditig an aristocracy, "i endowing u museum-as the Inst butch of colonial knighthoods is some what startling. What Hhs th^ Mayor of MeU'Ou.ne done.that he«hoold deseive the honoar of knighthood?. Many of ub have never even heard of; him. Cromwell once tried to 'fill the benches of his Upper House with "lucky draymen and shoemaker*,'' bnt this was bis greatest political fuilore. His newly created " peers " beoatne nmookery amid the jeers of tho whole nation. The peers of Englatd despised him as an upstart, and he was compelled to 611 his House of Lords with men of no birth, or high ' family connections. It will soon be an honour to have no title. * * * Grim Nemesis has fallen upon the .French-troops in Madagascar. 'Fever is "playing more havoc with their ranks than the ballets of a harmless and inoffensive enemy. One is at a loss to conceive what the French de sire there at all, unless they want coolly to collar the island for colonising purposes, and at this work they make a poor fist- of it. They seem to muddle up everything they lay their hands on. Where have they one really flourishing colony ? Echo answers, nowhere. Tahiti, Jtfew Caledonia, Guiann, West Indies, Bourbon, Mali6, seem all alike. What would Max O'Eell say to this ? * * # The Conservative party in England are gaining fresh strength all along the line, and by the recent return of Mr. 0\. T. Ritchie for Croydon will add additional power (o their steadily increasing numbers. The Liberal Cabinet is tottering to its fall, and if a general election should soon take place, which seems highly probable, a general Tory wave 'will roll again over the land. 