THE SHIRE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. TO THB EDITOR OP TUB ADVOCATE. SIR,—If the custom of the Narracan Shire Council had b.-fea to always appoint tbe most suitable or the ablest councillor to the office of president, irrespective of all other considerations, it cjuld not have done better than it did in appointing Cr Lloyd, ar.d the action taken by the councillors who voted f jr him at the last council meeting would be highly commendable, for Cr Lloyd would do credit as president to a much more hugust body than a Nirracan Shire Cougteil. Bat as thit council has a cuslgrn, which amounts to an unwritten lawpthat the office of president gnet by r-itetioa to every councillor through tbe three ridings, the priority to be governed by seniority, the conduct of those councillors in acting in contravention of that low assumes a very different aspect ; in place of baing commendable it was illadvised—to use a very mild term. The existence of such a law was admitted by the several councillors who supported the election of Cr Lloyd on the occasion referr d to. Cr Campbell's words were " the senior member . . . wis justly entitled to the seat," and Crs Williims and Branigan u*ed wor<ls of similar import. I might also say from my intiiuata acquaintance with the history of the shirn from its very commencement, that th-ur fitatemeit* are quite correct, and I might aid tha 1 . whenever tbe practice hn been departed from, as ic has beau now, and once or twice previously, thi result has always b.-en a feeling of bitterness between memberd of the council, who should always endeavor to work together harmoniously. What are the p'ain f»cti of the ca^e ? As it is admitted on ail hands that the oJfi ;e goe3 by routi m, whose turn is it this year? I answer—It ij unmistateably Cr Crisp's. It is his on two grounds—first, b >c-»u^e he has never held it before, while his two colleagues (Cr Lloyd and myself) have ; therefore, It would be his turn now, even if he was not the senior member for the East Riding. But, in th« second place, he is senior member to Cr Lloyd ; therefore, apart from the fact thxt Cr Lloyd ban held the offica previously, it is Cr Crisp's now by the right of seniority, on the authority of C.-s Campbell, Branigan and Williams. The mistake thos ; gentlemen made was in claiming seniority for Cr Lloyd, while in point of fact Cr Crisp is his senior at the present time. In proof of this, it is only necessary to refer to the date of their respective election*. Cr Crisp holds his < ffice of councillor sine > August, 1892; Cr Llovd from some time about the latter end of 1S93. The order of seniority for the Eist Riding, therefore, runs- Powell, Crisp, Lloyd. What led to tbe mistake, n > doubt, was the fact that Cr Lloyd held offic: for Ihw yeart before he was defeated by Or Crisp, but, of course, that time does not count. Even if it was counted it would not improve Cr Lloyd's position, for be held the post of president in one of those years (albeit, oat of bis turn then as now). Now, there was not the ghost of a claim to be set up for Cr Lloyd as a candidate for the presidency during the present CSr Orwp'e olaim stands iumnmI~ able. I therefore contend that Cr Lloyd wai elected president oq false p e*encei, fo : be was "lecte i tin the sole ground of his seniority to Cr Crisp, while Cr Crisp is senior to him. This might appear a sm >11 matter to some persons, but to Cr Crisp it means a good deal. As the council has an undoubted legal right to appoint or reject whom it p'easea, therefore whenever the council sets aside an established rule and pisses over a councillor as in this ctse, the infere ice to be draan therefrom is either that the r»ject?d councillor is nnfit for the position, or that the council has been guilty of gross favoritism. We all know that the former would be quite erroneous, for th is not a IwWer councillor or a mire straightforward and honorable man in the connc'l than Cr Crisp. He is also quite competent to fill the position, far mora si than m«y we have had. He tbeppf'W, suffered a grievous wrong, and I t'n .t that, in accordance with a Bug/es i »n made by oar president wh«n returning thanks, an opportunity will be taken in ths near future to do bira justice. I an) quite sure Cr Lloyd woul i not wil'ingly al'ow himpelf to be made the instrument of inflicting a wrong on any man, and he will doubtless endeavor to right this wrong. As regards the conduct of the two councillors who so warmly supported the candidature of Cr-Crisp and afterwards deserted him on the morning of the election when they found Cr Llovd had a majority of one, the leas said the better. I could say a good deal. Yours etc., Narracan, 12/9/95. J. POWELL. 