In Mr. Tommy Plunkett's Country. Armed with a railway pass to the Logan Village. I set out one late frosty morning to Bethania Junction, and hired a German waggon and pair of farm horses for my trip to the pork-raising district of the healthy, beau- tiful and frosty Tambourine. I got out of the train as near stiff as the State-aided meat works at Eagle Farm could have made me. I bowed to the station master, and said "Good morning, me hearty." The rubicundum Hybernicum said, "How the divole do you know my name is Moriarty?" I said, somewhat non-plussed, that "I only guessed it was, and could he tell me where I could get a German waggon," whereupon my friend said, "If I was so divoloish clever at guessing I could guess where I oould get a German waggon." I perceived my friend had mistaken my common greeting, and, being from the green island, had felt hurt. I, however, soon dis- illusioned him about my powers of guessing and prescience generally. I turned round hastily, and being a good ventriloquist and imitator of the great civil service commissioner O'Malley, the terror of all the Hibernian civil servants in this great and glorious colony, I went through the mock process of apparently shaking hands with the invisible commissioner on the railway platform. I said, "Good morning, Mr. O'Malley, how are you? I did not see you get out of the train." I shook effusively the hand of the in- visible and made him nearly roar out a - come to me as I beautifully performed the ven- triloquial performance. "Good morning me brave Wurruker Bhoy, and where are you after going this kould day ?" I said in return, "I am going up to Tambourine to interview Mr. M.L.A. Plunkett." I made the prince of commissioners say,"Come into the waiting room, me bhoy, an' till me the grate skames the Labour bhoys are after." The station master's face was like a Sunday doughboy with plenty of foreign fruit in it. He heaved an immense sigh and strode uncon- sciously into the booking office. I heard him groan, "That bates the divole, anyway," and after another grown I heard him say "That's the grate O'Malley's voice — he has fallen in with this Lobour Party man; I shall get the sack." I then followed up the illusion, being within hearing of the affrighted station master, and I proceeded — "Mr. O'Malley did you see this little monkey toy in Brisbane, and I pulled out my shilling's worth and made the monkey go up and down the string. I made the invisible O'Malley roar out in a great guffaw of laughter, as straight as Ellison could do it. I said the Labour Party regarded this monkey trick, in Brisbane, as a divine and providential illustration of the antics of Tozer and Byrnes — the more the monkey got up the string, the more the people saw the trick ; the more Tozer and Byrnes got up in office, the more the people saw their sham and pre- tensions. I then made the invisible and great O'Malley say, "I am sorry, me bhoy, bat I must go no further ; I cannot be afther discussing politics." I then said, "Very well, you will keep in- visible till I get the German waggon. A German will come, I know, before many minutes. Good morning ; mums the word." As I was moving past the station master's office I saw he was in an involuntary sweat, and I turned to the retreating commissioner and said : "Here comes my German waggon boy," and, stepping forward, I made my German friend say: "Mein Gott in himmel ! Vot for you sthop also long for mitt dat schvell showing dat monkey ; yon know dat station meister vas lissening ? You fien labour man, you !" "Hold on, by jabers!" I said ; "we must keep quiet, I know there are ghosts about here although you cannot catch them." I then went on from the ideal to the real and got to my friend's house and found a grand Continental welcome. The children fat, fair, and unkempt, were discussing finely-made Holstein voorst, in suitable lengths, and "mines frow" was bedecking herself in the bedroom with her Sunday frock to meet the Labour man her husband had told her so muoh about. What she expected I could only guess as half -smothered smatterings were banded in Holstein-Danish- German, from the mother in camera to the children in the room. The mmother inquires from them, "Ish da mann flasch?" I say "Na, na, mudder, der man is na flasch, he is goot ; dat is all." "Ya, ya, Ich bien coming."And out comes the frow. After lots of congratulations, she said her man had had much to say about the Labour Party, and expected to subscribe to the Worker when they could spare a few shillings. Corn was cheap, fowls, were cheap, pigs were cheap ; no money ! no money ! My maun very much troubled about his interest — interest was too much ! — farmers could not pay much further. If interest was reduced, like corn, then it would be good and "much betterish, very much betterish." I told her the Labour Party were advocating loans to farmers, the same as in New Zealand, from the State, at payable low interest She said the land thereabouts was no good for framers, too many trees had to be cleared. Farming was hard work and little monish. I said the Labour Party were advocating the people getting good land out West where the plough counld be set to work at once, and where wheat could be grown, so that people could live on their own soil, and never need mind selling so much ; that if there were poor markets the farmers then could live, at any rate, on the soil. The woman said she wished she had married a Labour man — they had some sense. Squatters, agents, lawyers, had no sense, only for self — only for self ! I said I thought her husband was a Labour man, believed in Labour men, and voted and advocated the same things as Labour men did, and that he was going to vote for a Labour man at the next election. She said she would sprachen for him. On the road up to the Logan Village my friend described to me place after place held in years gone by by men who had been pushed against the wall by banks, money lenders, agents, &c.;, on a scale never excelled in Ire- land, if equalled in any part of the known world. Here is a farm, said he, taken up in the early days by an Englishman, active, honest, and intelligent, but who was cleared out by the good National Bank after spending his meney, the best part of his life, a ruined man. Here was a grand sugar mill subscribed for by a lot of neighbours ; failing crops, disease in the cane, frost, &c.;, bust it up. Here are the ruins of the barradiddling old patriotic maniac, Henry Jordan. Nut grass, failing timber supply, and general unfitness to manage a farm gave the quietus to Tygum. Opposite is the early scene of Mr. Plunkett's rusty outcrops. Plunkett's success in farming conslsted of selling out fit a good price in 1868 and following up the grass on Tambourine at a reduced price. Here are places after places where the original settlers were run off like flood waters. Could not live, only exist. Success cannot be easily found in farming. If there is any success it is where a little private money lending manures the crops, and others' misfortunes make the sunshine. Fences down in all directions reminds one of Mrs. Hull's Holiday in Ireland. Oppression causes lethargy, wrong brings ruin. The trip up so far is not suggestive of any progress very recently. Let us look at the once busy place of busi- ness called the Deserted Logan .Village, a deceased centre of the timber industry, and head of the river navigation. I feel so sick of the state of affairs about here that I would turn back only I wish to interview the gentle- man who supports a Ministry accessory to the deplorable facts I have seen, and who tells so many untruths of his wonderful and beautiful efforts to reform matters, and who has, as was proved in the Worker last week, so frequently done the other thing — actually voted quite the other way. Wonderful and inconsistent Mr. Plunkett. Onward I get my continental courier to his his way. Sands after sands we grind through — the tress are stunted, the grass is spindly, dry, and of a kind not at all nutritious. The flora verges between the ugly and the useless. I cogitate on the eternal punishment that awaits the officers of the Lands Department under whose recommendation this land was set apart for a farming community. I would not take a free gift of any thousand acres there are from Bethania to Tambourine. I study soil, flora and foliage, climatic action and the people. I agree with the inimitable Barlow, they are all, each, and everyone of them — soil, flora, foliage, climatic action and the people — working out their own Damnation. I arrive at Tambourine. My courier points out to me Mr. Plunkett's palatial residence. I tell him he is joking, and I refuse to believe it. We cross a little bridge rather awkwardly levelled and I am told this is the Tambourine Hotel. Well, it may be. I will not say much more about it though it might be called the old Banjo. It looks to me the same as if it was played out or thereabouts. I do not feel well at all at all. My mind is depressed. It is going to be a cold night and an uncomfortable night is before us. We have plenty of Holstein voorst in the waggon, so I persuade my courier friend to keep out the cold by abolishing as much voorst as possible, about the dead fiddle, and mind and not burst a bloodvessel with joy if my anticipations were not realised. However, things did not turn out so bad after all. The fact is the news had got wired up from Bethania to the Village that a divole of a WORKER commissioner was seeking a German waggon in which to exploit the Tambourine district in. My waggon had been spied out, and after nightfall quite a number of local celebrities turned up and interviewed me in- stead of me interviewing Plunkett, thus com- pletely turning tbe tables upon my very humble endeavours. After 7 I began to feel better ; I learned for a fact I had passed Mr. Plunkett's mansion ; that he was not at home, but had gone out on electioneering business preparatory to his arduous maneuvering duties. He had decided to oppose the Ministry if he could get elected again. He had a better show this time, he thought, as Macnamara was in the Argentina, and Castles is not the great Unknown to a soul of fame, but he is the great Unknown for the people, and has no show this time. "Then," I said, "what about a WORKER man?" Both Handy Andy and Mickey Free declared that no one except a Labour man would get a vote in Tambourine. Plunkett had shuffled and shuffled — had said one thing on the Upper Logan and voted another in the House. That he was merely the tool of the big squatters in the district. He had tootled a Meat and Dairy Produce Bill entirely on behalf of squatters and the Eagle Farm crew. As correspondent of the Brisbane Tanner he was always beslavering this big mob of fats, and that big mob of im- provers, but nary a word for Burger's industry and the beautiful sweating institute at Silly- mere. He had never said a word for co-opera- tion and a pig-sticking office on Tambourine. He voted most subserviently for the Ministry, black labour, coercion, and the disfranchisement of the electors. He described the treatment of the western shearers as being worse than that of the dingoes of civilisation. Poor Plunkett. Another gentleman volunteered the informa- tion that Mr. Plunkett wrote his own great speeches in his own "our own" favour and sent them to Brisbane as from an impartial correspondent. This opened my eyes as to Plunkett's progress. Another party mentioned Mr. Plunkett as being the champion weather-cock of Tam- bourine. Starting in politics as a great Liberal, a Jordanite, and then ending up with swallowing his own immortal poetry, recited at Beenleigh against Hind's election — Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, When blacks Increase and when white men decay. Truly, the whirligig of Time has brought its revenges. Plunkett's deserted village is a fact. Yet Plunkett goes about with and supports a party that calls it "Progress with Poverty." He writes for a journal bolstered by - cionists, re- constructors, fat men, boosters, and boodlers. Oh, Tommy, your anatomy deserves your own adjudicated fate, and the Albert is in a fair way to get a member more worthy of the district than you are, or are ever likely to be. I hear the printer's devil whispering over my shoulders, "Cut it short." I know Codling is in favour in Government circles, in the Tanner, and amongst the Usurers, so I say "my Dante's Inferno." I feel the climate is as moild as mother's milk, but "all who enter here" be prepared to take a great lot of the DEVIL'S OWN GRUELLING. The N Z Loan and Mercantile Agency Company lease 448,000 acres of land in the Mallee district of Victoria. Their sole object is to sublet to the farmer so that they can make a profit at the expense of the Labour of other people. Laboub Members King, Cross, Browne, and Wilkinson visited Roma nn the 19th anc had a splendid meeting, the Oddfellows' Hull being orowded and the mayor presiding. On the 20th the above members drove to Wallum billa village settlement and held a meeting in the school- house. This meeting was attended by about 60 or 70 of the settlers, and wound np with three- cheers for King. The crowd aooompanied the Labour members to the rait way station and gave a hearty cheer for the Labour Party as the train steamed off. 