THE CRY ?0F THE CURLEW. A STORY OF THE. RUTHER- GLEN GOLD RUSH. Br H. J. L. One 'day in the middle ol last Juno :: business had detained me at Wahgunyah beyond the time wben I might have returned to Rutherglen by tho afternoon train, and as it was nocesBniy that I should be present at a meeting of tho Borough Council, and as the evening was fine, with a criBpneBS that betokened a sharp froBt, following upon a clear bright day — a uay nypiuui 01 midwinter in tne Murray Valley — I determined to avail myself of an opportunity of enjoying a walk of about five miles aloDg the railway line,- in company with a friend who was similarly circumstanced. During the first portion of our walk the moon" rose,' and though the full. — , flush of her light rendered the leBser stars unnoticeable, several of the principal bodies in the better-known constellations shone out, and furnished my companion and me with a topic upon which we descanted to our mutual advantage. The air was sharp enough to make the exercise of walking enjoyable, and aswe strolled along we still had ample leisure to mark anything sufficiently interesting to discuss. We had just lost sight of the pale moon-lit sheen of the snow on Mount Bogong, which we discerned when on a slight rise about a mile and a half from our destination, and had neared the clump of saplings which screens the upper part of the old Wahgunyah Lead, from which peeped out here and there the worked-out claims, still marked by _ the mullock heaps, when my companion drew my attention to them by asking me if they did not appeal to sentiment by suggesting the graves of perished hopes of a former generation. He was proceeding to enlarge upon the mad rush to the 1/litnl lilt nnaalir fnntn aiAAnn — I '"vu1i \j uuukj lullrj -jrcuro ilgu) waeo fortune-seekers swarmed over the spot now apparently deserted (though in reality part of a cultivation paddock wherein all but the nforesaid mullock heaps are ploughed, tilled, and sown for. the golden grain instead of being burrowed under in search of the yellow gold), when we eame upon a camp fire, before which wns seated a man well advanced in years. He was- poorly clad j an old grey coat buttoned close up to his neck, nnd a pair of moleskin trouserB, which, judging by the patches showing in the light of the fire, had evidently seen long and active service, an old slouch hat, giving similar testi mony, and a pair of worn out boots, seemed to complete a very limited out fit. He. sat there looking- gloomily into the flames as they licked a small black hilly which was suspended in gipsy fashion from three small green saplings. From the troubled expres sion on his face, which was half hidden — by a heavy iron-grey beard and mous tache, and his dense eyebrows curled np in a deep frown, we could plainly see that he was not then enjoying that teatific peace_ of mind which passeth understanding, but our ap proach disturbed his reverie, and as he canght sight of us a wonderful change suffused bis countenance, and he saluted us with a surprisingly cheerful " Good Night." Our response waB merely a casual one, as we had no idea that anything further was to paBs between us, but he appeared anxious to have a talk, and hastened towards us aB quickly as be could, or rather in a manner which clearly indicated that he 'desired our company. The railway fence, which separated us from him, was only six or seven yards from his tent, and as he reached it he, in swag- man fashion, asked if we could oblige him_ with a pipe of tobacco. Mycom- panion was able to accommodate the old fellow, who returned thanks very profusely. After a moment or two, during which short period of time general remarks were exchanged, we turned aB though to go, when our new acquaintance said ho was not astranger to these parts, as he had been here in the early days when the gold rush set in. This Bbowed ub that he was desir ous of haying a yarn. . He seemed a decent enough old fellow, with perhaps a story to tell, and as we were well ahead of time, we were not unwilling to stay a little and chat. T Knocking the ashes out of his pipe preparatory to filling up again, he said, ''It's cold theBe nights camping out, but it's so long since I slept in a housc'thatl'm pretty well used to it;" and seeing that a story was imminent we perched ourselves on the top rail ' ' of the fence, as gracefully and com- fortably aB circumstances wonld per mit, and waited until tho old fellow had his pipe in full swing. As we expected, he began to talk, and, as nearly aB I can recollect, thia was the substance of hia yarn : — " When I was well-off I didn't know it. My father waa well-in in the old country, and was a very steady-going, money-making kind of man. I was just the reverse, and when I had reached my teens had caused him more trouble than enough by a reckless, dare-devil spirit which got mo into no end of scrapes. I was sent to Cambridge when I was between 1G and 17 years of age. I got into bad company nnd neglected my : studies, and before I had been away : from home three years, I had cost my poor old dad so much to get me out of rows that, in a moment of passion, lie turned me away from him and forbade me to again enter his house. I was bis only child, and my poor mother bad died shortly after I was born, so that I had np one to plead for me, and all my promises to reform made no impression in my favour, for my father was a man ' of 'his word, nnd nothing on earth could move him when he made up his mind to do, or not to do, anything. Almost in despair I resolved to come to Australia toseekmy fortune amongst the thousands who flocked here to tho gold mining. I < just got" to Liverpool aa a . vessel for '- Australia wbb about to sail, and after hard work got the captain to consent to my working my passage, and was sent along to the cook's galley. The trip was a long uud tedious one, and wo were becalmed near the line for three weeks. Many a time on that voyage did I regret tlin nfiin T lin/i folran' and . mialt mvflplf back in old Erigland. I often thought in my moments of despair how eusy it would be to drop over the side of the ship and thus rid myself of my troubles, but Bomehow I never could pluck up courage to do it, aud I hevor liked the idea of having the maw of a shark for my grave, for we saw many following the vessel at times. After weathering many gales we landed in Melbourne, where I found myself friendless and penniless. The sensation that overcame me when I fully realized my position was terrtDie, due regress as suae nuur were of no avail, and I had to knuckle I down to work and try and forget my early follies. That four months from England hardened me considerably, and being thus thrown upon my own resources I felt more like a man, Luck favored me at first, for I picked up with a party of young fellows the day after I landed. They- were going to Ballnrat, and as they were on the look out for a cook, I had no difficulty in obtaining the situation. Our fellows didn't do a great deal at Ballarat though they hung together for a long time. I left them in about four or five months and went digging on my own account, but did not get on well. I used- sometimes to get a good bit of money together, but the old 'failing came on me again and again and 1 could not resist temptations. My money would last for a few weeks and then I would have to work like the deuce to make up for -my tom-foolery. When the rush broke out in Rutherglen I was amongst the first on the field, and well I remember the scenes that used to take place in those days. From the corner of Main Street, near Hamilton's wine cellars, where the first bole was sunk, all down this gully was one line of tents, and every day new arrivals would swell the fast-increaBing population. My tent was pitched over yonder, in a quiet nook and away from the rest of the fellows. The only person I knew at all Weil wuo (I1U1 -lsuvidj u ucucub, qurew, hard-working sort of a fellow, and on the 1 shady side of fifty. I knew him in Ballarat, where he had real good luck, and came here with plenty of gold, about a month after I did. He had no truck with the rest of the men and pitched- his tent some distance away from the crowd, : and had a very likely looking bit of ground around him, which lie was working on his own account. He would go his own way and never had more than a " Good day" for anybody. I think that besides myself he only had one acquaintance, a middle-aged, burly fel low named Tom Lawrence, who was a quick-tempered, sourandferociouslooking individual. _ " I never could make out how it was Jim liked Lawrence at all, for you would never hear him well spoken of and he had very few friends. I onco heard it eaid that he had been transported for life for robbery, but I could not vouch f„r fctiA trnth- of Kiir.li n statement. At any rate he was always regarded as a bad 'un. "Poor old Jim's gold used to cause him a lot of anxiety, and many a time hs told me he was afraid lest somebody eliould get to know of his plant and murder him for it. " As I said before he had a claim of his own, and, with a young chap, whose name I forget at present, worked it without further assistance. I was not working for myself at the time and went away to Indigo for a week with four other men, just to see how things were doing up there, and on my return I was horrified to hear of the murder of old Jim Dav-'s. During my absence he abandoned his sbaft, as the wster broke in upon bim, and on that very night he disappeared. There was every reason to suspect a murder had been committed, as the old fellow'B tent was ransacked and the earth uader the Btretoher, where bis-gold was concealed, was disturbed. Further, there were signs of a struggle, and' a track of blood leading to the abandoned shaft, ahout twenty yards away, clearly pointed to the fact that Davis had been put oat of the way by foul means, and his body thrown down the shaft, whence it was promptly recovered by a search party as soon as the murder became known, " Suspicion at once fell upon young — Clark, yes that was his name, Harry Clark — although he was a very respect able lad— that's the chap I said worked with Davie — and what appeared to be a very strong piece of evidence against him was the fact that he was the only person who knew that the shaft had been left and was not likely to be bothered with again, thus affording a good opportunity for disposing of the body. That track of blood, however, had not been thought of and thus the secret of his disposal — if secret there was, and it certainly w&b; meant to be — had been exposed. Of coursehe protested loudly against theaccu- sations, but had tostand his trial for murd er and was acquitted in the absence of any thing like direct evidence, though the nnlloo Irnnh n mnbh (in hifl nnvptnAnfa for a long time afterwards until the events were forgotten. " A fact which then escaped notice on the part of the authorities, was the disappearance of Lawrence, which some of the older miners, including myself, were strongly inclined to connect with the murder of Davis. But in those days changes occurred so quickly that though the murder of Davis was talked of for Borne weeks, the greatest sympathy being expressed for the unfortunate man, a rush to another part of the field caused the excitement over the tragedy to wane and Borne months afterwards I left the place, hoping in my beait to be able ono day to bring the villain who had been guilty of one of the blackest of deeds to justice and thus avenge my poor old friend." Here our entertainer stopped for a moment or two. Thia long speech, al though delivered slowly, seemed to have exhausted him. After takinga few whiffs at his pipe he expressed the hope that we were not getting weary of his tale. Of course .wo were - not ; in fact we bad become rather interested in it and wanted to hear the rest of it. He left us and went over to. the fire and returned with the billy 6f ten, asking us if ive would like a drink. More to please him than to quench our thirst, we drank some, and after helping himself ho brushed hiB moustache with the back of his hand nnd continued his nurrative. "I don't know wkotker you young follows aro superstitious or not, but what I'm going to tell yoa is the real truth. I cannot account myself for what I saw, but nevertheless it is true. I may havo been the victim of an hallucination, brought about by excitement, but I say again it is true. About twenty years after I loft Ruthorglen, I was on my way from Gippsland through to Riverina, I had given lip mining, and had worked as general rouBeabout on some of the large properties about the south of Gippsland, ana was on my way 10 some ui uuo Riverina stations for the shearing aeaaon. As I had to pass through this district, and as it was the first chance I had had of revisiting the old place, I made up my mind to come and have a look round. I don't exactly know how it waa, but Eomehowl seemed .drawn to this locality. j The whole place had changed and .seemed quite deserted. There were only one or two parties at work on the lead, -but -they were some distance away from me, and where once there was a regular township, there was now a thickly timbered patch of country, overgrown with bushes, with the gaping holes, well nigh filled in by the course of time, their heaps of dirt around them as the nnlv silent reminders of thescenes enacted there in the early days. " I went round them all arid came across, the fatal hole which Davis dug. It was easily remembered, being away from the rest of them. The saplings had grown all around it. As I looked down the hole a feeling of sadness crept over me aud I felt ashamed of myself for not havingendeavoured todiscover Lawrence. With a vivid recollection of those days I turned my back ou the shaft and retraced my way to the tent. ... " All that day a peculiar presentiment haunted me. 1 felt that I was about to be reproached for my negligence in a manner which I could not even guess, at. Nlvanina draw on and the earlv moon cast weird shadows, all around. My nerves were evidently unstrung, for every rustle of the leaves of the bushes caused a cold shiver to run through me, and I would look sround half expecting to see a ghost. I tried to shake off that feeling hut could not do so. I tried to read a Leader I had bought at Reeve's, but after every two or three lines my thoughts would wander awuy. I had an old note book and was . turning over tho leaves in a semi-conscious manner, when I suddenly dropped across this entry " July 29, 18—. Poor Jim Davis murdered at Barkly." This place, you know, was called Barkly in those days. I seemed to grow quite calm again, but when I discovered it was exactly twenty years to the night — the twentieth anni versary of the murder --that scaring sensation crept upon me again. " It wsb getting close on midnight, and I could not go to sleep.' "T unf. unntiH wnnti Autnida mv tent to work off that- feeling. " Somehow or other I fonnd myself at the mouth of the shaft where the body had boon thrown, hut it was. different to what I had seen that day. "I biiw it just tho mine" as it was when the deed was committed. Yes, tliero tvero the long rows of tentB with their tops showing white in tho moon light, and everything was still, save for the plaintive wail of a curlew in the distance. 1 saw Davis' "tent just as it used to stand there, and the front flups were drawn aside by an unseen haud, and there before me ivas enactod a scene which will haunt me to tny dying dny. There lay poor Davis on a rnde bunk in his last sleep— unconscious of the death that threatened him. Standing over, him and in the act of striking a blow, I saw — by Heaven, it was that dastardly wretch Lawrence. Almost instinctively I made an effort to rush at him to prevent him carrying out his murderous intention, but I wns rooted to the spot, where stood, and could not move. To my horror I saw Davis killed before my very eyes aud could offer liira no assistance. A heavy blow on the forehead with a pick killed him on the spot and 1 saw the blood spurt all over tho place. Lawience qnickly tried to stop the flow with his red handkerchief, and, taking the -body outside, flung it down the shaft. ' To return to the tent and dig up the gold was but the work of a few moments, but suddenly the horror of his deed seemed to creep upon hie mind and he became frantio. He looked round him in despair and made wild clutches in the air. Great drops of - perspiration rolled down his cheeks and his eyes glared like balls of fire. He seemed to choke and tried to free himself from some apparition. " All this time he was walking back wards towards tho shaft, but not a word did he utter, till he reached the heap of dirt and with a terrible shriek he fell headlong down into the double grave. : " A cry awoke me and I found myself 11c tne 01a snait. 1 naa oeen asieep, out it was still moonlight, and around me there had risen a light fog, not dense enough to make me lose my way. I felt stiff and cold, and, us the cry of a curlew near me again caught my ear, I shuddered. It was just the cry that I heard from Lawrence as he fell back into the shaft. " Igot up, feeling much better, though very much affected by my experience. I got back to my tent, and feeling exhausted I laid down on my bed. I don't know boiv long I was there, but that terrible dream curae to me once more, aud it was theory that again woke me. It was then daylight, and having enough . of that night I palled down <uy tent and was on the road as. quickly ob I could get there, " That waa a few years ago, and here lam back again. I am going on my way to Gippsland to-morrow and I don't suppose I will see this place any more, " That's my slory lioys, aiid the only tiling I can mail 0 out of ii, is vlhis, Tlioro is no more need of me lo_oking for Lawrence, for I believe he ban been sent to his last account, and that ho shared -tho samo grave as his victim, Jim Davis, though howiifc wns that the j eearch party did not discover the two bodies I can't Bay." The old man, saying " Good night, turned and walked away from us. We watched biui pick up his billy and walk back to his tout, and as we sat for a moment thinking over his story, the distant cry of a curlew brought us back to tho present, nnd in silence we continued our way homewards. I 