KERRIGAN’S QUALITY, Br Jane Baklow, Author of “ Irish Idylls.' jtfilishi by special arrangement with Masrs Ward Lock 4" Bowden. Ltd. [all eights reserved.] CHAPTER X (Continued). ■‘Well, Merle, air Ben saia, •• tins mys about Dion began thus. You know I'm beginning of it all was some trouble Lt money matters. I don’t suppose you tooM care for particulars as far as they aft concerned.” «jf0l no, never mind about them,” said §1 “I’m not at all sure that I could ex rfiin the ins and outs of it. I’m no good at things of the kind,” said Sir Ben can didly. ° “ But some investments wont Tnonw.'so that we lost a good deal, and von did too. I believe it was nobody’s fault. Then a sudden emergency arose, gome mortgage was expiring, and the mortgagees came down on my father un expectedly, at any rate lie was in imme diate want of five thousand. Well, I had mow than that from my mother, and as I I«d just come of ago, we settled that I 4ould advance the sum. My father was over in Dublin at that time, and I was up in town with Dion. Ho and I were nearly ofana,re, you kuow, and I remember how told he”was one day when he found out from his guardian that his money was tied up until he was twenty- five. He wished to realise every penny of it, probably be cause he thought my fathor might want it. foil kuow the sort of fellow Dion was; he’d have given his worst enemies the coat off his back if they seemed to be in straits. However, of course, Dion couldn’t touch it. Hr Jove, I recollect he expressed his senti ments on the subject in very forcible lau “itu're while we were tramping down Gower-street in a hail-shower after the interview. MVhy did they do that?” said Meric. j “ It was a great pity.” “ Oh, his father had left it so by will :j rears before. I daresay lie thought it pru 5 dent, as Dion would have no oue but his •’ Tj mother to look after him. Of course it was absurd. If a man can’t manage his :\j own affairs before lie’s twenty- five,” said Sir Don, who hud not yet attained to that age, “ he's never likely to acquire the art. i However, my father urgently wanted the money by a certain day. It was all we i could do to got the business settled in time, and Dion, who was then just going over to Duldin, was to bring it with him. js There was some accursed term exauiiua :! iiou ” coming on,” lie said, meaning the epithet so sincerely that he did not feel as if its strength required any apology, “wliicli I didn’t want to miss, so I waited •pj for it. We went to get the money at the •b Hank in the morning. Awful young asses r| wo were in those days. 1 believe we thought it rather a magnificent transac tion. $Wo took it in sovereigns ; they ;; seemed more substantial, and we figured | to ourselves that there might be some :] difficulty about English notes in Ireland, i’ And in the evening I went to see Dion off at Huston Square with some other fellow. H Who was it ?” j " Bernard Dunlop ?” Merle suggested, % half involuntarily to expedite matters, j Pauses seemed long to her. Sir Beil looked startled. | " Dunlop ? Oh, no. But what on earth . Jo you kuow about Bernard Dunlop?” 'j "Oh, I used to hear the name sornc j times.” said Merle, “ that was all.” " Well, we never knew much about him either, hut enough to see what an out-aud i out scoundrel he was; an uncommonly l clever one, too, and liked by everyone in a , way. They say he might have done auy 1 thing he pleased, if he had chosen to he j moderately respectable, but lie distinctly I didn't choose. I believe he was reallj rather mad. Some people say he even, tnally went quite otf his head, and is in at "i asylum abroad; at any rate, lie has dis j appeared off the face of the earth, much t< its advantage.” ! Merle listened intently to this littli character sketch, and breathed more freel; at its conclusion. “There was a tremendous storm thai night,” Sir Ben continued, “I went dowi to Oxford, and the carriage windows wer< threatening to blow in every minute al the way. It was pitch dark besides, auc pouring. Whan the mail-boat came in at King-town next morning, they found Dion's portmanteau and other traps on board,all except the small hand-bag with the money, which he intended to carry him self—there were no signs of him or of it, though he had been seen going on board at Holyhead. He must have somehow missed his footing, or been shoved over in the crowd. The boat was pitching and rolling tremendously, and on a wild night i such a thing might happen easily enough without 0 anybody's being the wiser. It seemed most likely that he stumbled near the gaugway at Holyhead, as no one re members having seen him later on. But the certain facts are that he left Holyhead Ii and never arrived at Kingstown, and one kuows what that means.” Merle hail for many a day been fighting ngaiust this knowledge, how desperately i Shu had not realised until a few hours ago when the enemy was marvellously routed bv a few feeble scrawls. Now, as she sat by the shimmering green water, and bent low enougli over it to draw her fingeri through it caressingly, she might have b'oeu signing mutely to it that she knew better. It was the only utterance that sh( could give to the secret which filled he; with wrestling delight and dread. Th< delight was at this moment uppermost. “ Then they telegraphed over for me,’ said Sir Ben. “ and you know what I found Merle, he’d been watching—my father hax —for Dion to come that morning. Thi money had been promised without fail tiiat he might have it in time for abusines meeting in the afternoon. I suppose h< waited and looked out there, alone in hii room at the club, until he knew it was to< late. The servants said that lie seemet much disappointed when they told him thi wail was in. Ho was sitting at the writing table when they found him dead. He hat begun a letter. I know it by heart:— ‘ Bear Ben, 1 dare say you are very wise ti change your mind about that investment. I don’t know what the doctors may havi called it, but his heart broke there. Hi was all alone ; not a friend near him. H might as well have died in the middle o j the great Sahara. And the last though j had in lii3 mind was that I wouldn’ trust him with a little dirty money.” ; Merle had turned so white that her faci j would have been a quite sufficient re sponse, but she spoke without looking up. “They should never liave let yon see it They should have put it out of the way ; M was cruel of them.” "That is like a girl all over,” said Sii Ben, rather roughly. IVliat is more exas perating than a belated remedy ? “If yoi can hide anything that’s not pleasant t< look at, you think it’s all right.” His rude speech was a mere menta writhe, hut adverse criticism coming fron that quarter was a new experience ti Merle, aud lienee it thrust itself upon he: notice even now, as something inoppor tunely disloyal. So she replied with i tinge of resentful bitterness, “ I may lx like a girl as you say, but as for thingi being all right, I think you’d have to hid' away the whole world, and everybody in i first.” After this they were silent, rathe: JSSrievodly for a short time. 'The littl touch of ili-hninor lent a sort of everyda atmosphere to the far-off, unhappy thing winch wore in the thoughts of each, am ®ade them seem more vividly real am closely present. But both were too muol Preoccupied for quarrelling, and Sir Be: W bj spoke again, bit nisei ttiU bMl ing oa tbe master-grief to 'which he had never before given words. , "It was hard-lines on me that he should SiUCh a thing for granted. A heD opposed some acci dental delay ? Heaven knows X was never more pleased at anything in my life than at finding that I could be a help to him in the matter. But if he had believed it, ho couldn t have jumped to that conclusion. Wise to change your mind;' I often see ninr writing it. tbe old governor. And he needn t have thought it of me, by Jove, he neednt. \- Perhaps he had been told so,” said •Merle low and hurriedly, as she might .have spoken under the curving white lip of an impending avalanche. “ Who was there to tell him snch an atrocious lie ?” said Sir Ben. But Merle kept silence as strictly as if her answer would have enveloped them in the rush of the smothering thunder. * yon know, Merle,” he went on, while I think of it all, I’m sometimes brute almost enough to rage at Dion for losing his life in doing the errand. I sup pose one s hankering after somebody to blame for our misfortunes Could scarcely go much further than that.” “ But when you consider it as an acci dent-” Merle began. “.Yes, yes,” he interrupted, “ to be sure ; ^- ^0- When I’m in my right mind. I’m only inclined to knock my, own head . against a wall for letting a tomfool ex amination keep me from coming over my “ But Ben, Ben,” said Merle sitting up straight and facing him desperately, “ what would yon think if —— ?” “ Merle, dear, what is the matter ? Yon scared—yon look like a ghost,” he said in much concern. " You’ll catch cold waiting here so long. Would yon have more shelter, I wonder, on the other side ?” But for all answer a shadow of new fear passed over her face, like a cloud blotting out a cloud. And directly after wards she said in a relieved tone, as if welcoming a respite, “ Ah, here’s Mr Her 