FROM the tone and tenor of the speeches on the address in reply in the Legislative Assembly on Wednes day, it is evident that the tariff question, as intended by the Govern ment, is to take precedence of all other business. We thus have the two chief Legislatures of the colonies simultaneously engaged in remoulding their fiscal policies, and, possibly, drifting, further apart, without* 1 ’ any regard to the fact that federation is to engage their attention at an early date and that the question of Customs tariffs is one of the foremost of those with regard to which federal action is desired. It is much to be regretted that the subject could not be left to the deliberation of an Australasian Parliament, instead of becoming once more the subject of purely provincial strife and controversy. It is, apparently, taken for granted in £he' : Assembly that the finances are in a fair way to being put on a sound and satisfactory basis. But on the tariff issue it is anticipated that there will be long and keen debating. The Assembly, as now constituted, appears to be a body in which there are “so many men so many opinions’’ with re gard to this question. Mr Downward’s plea in moving the reply to the Gover nor’s speech, was that it should be re moved from the region of party politics. Tariff reform comes before the. House apparently not as a mattter of Govern ment policy, but in the form of a re port from a board of enquiry to whose conclusions and recommendations Ministers have studiously refrained from committing themselves. Mem berSj therefore, have a right to claim, with Mr Downward, a free hand in dealing with the tariff—free to remove its anomalies, to excise from the list of dutiable articles those on which duties should never have been placed, and to lower duties which are. regarded as excessive. The member for Morn ington discerns in the drift of protec tion in this colony a tendency to repeat the 'mistakes of the United States, the piling on of high duties has. provoked a reaction' and a return to more moderate duties. Mr Downward and many other moderate members of the Assembly, we believe, are inclined also to reason able reductions. They find that New (Zealand and South Australia, which (are undoubtedly protectionist colonies, have adopted a 25 per cent, maximum,' and that the United States, after a (trial of the M'Kinlet tariff, resorted to the Wilson tariff, which had a much lighter incidence, while our own Tariff Commission, after a careful enquiry, has come to the conclusion that throughout the country “ a very general impression prevails that the rates are in many ’instances too high.” A 25 per cent, rate, added to freight and other charges on British and European goods, renders the protection equivalent to 35 per cent., which is far beyond any rates contemplated by the pioneers of pro tection,, and surely should be adequate to satisfy all reasonable requirements. Mr Downward stated the case for the moderate advocates of tariff, reform very fairly and forcibly, but he gave play to pure imagination when he represented free-traders as urging that “we should confine our atten tion simply to the raising of raw material.” It is assumed that but for protective duties we should never have had any manufactories. But this is simply presumption. Many years before'the first tariff of 10 to 12 per cent, was adopted there were prosperous foundries and other manufactories in Melbourne, and a good start had been made in this city, and in due course others would have sprung up and would have flourished in this coun try as they had done in Great Britain, and nearer home in New South Wales. The adoption of a pro tective tariff in our case was the out come of abnormal conditions. The partial failure of the goldfields in the early sixties produced a condition of exceptional depression. Hundreds of tradesmen who had failed on the diggings were clamoring for work, and the original tariff, no douht, helped them to find it by directing attention to manufacturing industries not then started.’ Gradually the movement progressed under the low tariff, absorbing the many operatives and tradesmen of all classes who had been attracted to our shores and failed to realise their earlier hopes. To say that freetraders regard manu factories as unworthy of attention, that they wish to restrict industry to the growth of wheat or other produce for export, and that their only desire is to flood the country with the pro ducts of pauper labor to the loss of our own population, is not only false, but a slanderous statement. Their con tention is that under a system of free trade the growth of indus tries and manufactories is spon taneous,' robust, and responsive to the actual wants of the people. And their present attitude, we take it, is that industries long supported by fiscal crutches should be allowed to use walk ing sticks or canes sufficient. to allow them to gain confidence, in their muscles- and learn how to use their legs unaided. We have no desire to enter upon any discussion as to the amount of benefit or evil resulting from protection. The amount of capital invested and the labor employed forbid any raid upon, the pro tected industries. : But- what we would direct attention to' is the fact that outside of these protected industries there are large classes who are not protected, such as the .mining population and those engaged in agri culture, building, printing, and many i other occupations, numbering fully; four times those at work in the highly . protected industries. It is to these ; that some consideration is due in any i revision of, the tariff, and above ( all ..to the great producing in terests of the country—mining and | agriculture in all its " branches. To the two latter we must how trust largely for lifting us out of the depres sion, and it should be the aim of Par liament to aid and encourage their de velopment in every possible way in stead of hampering and fettering them. Other “ native'industries” are mostly limited to their boma market, and are in many cases now feeling the re straints of the limitation, but to our gold and our products of the soil the expansive markets of the mother country offer profitable outlets. Mr Downward and others who with him think lightly of production will find that our future pro sperity will largely depend on our export trade, and on the fortunate cir cumstance that Great Britain, so far from contemplating a tariff somersault, promises us continued access through free ports to a population of nearly forty millions for the bulk of our pro ducts. It rests with Parliament to place the producers in a position to avail' themselves of those great markets to the utmost advantage and profit. ' There .ds; probably.'more* significance than appears on the surface in the cordiality of the reception given at Windsor Castle by the Empress of India to the direct heir to the throne of Afghanistan. It may be regarded chiefly as indicative of the desire of her Majesty and her advisers to cement and perpetuate the good understanding that now exists between Westminster, Calcutta, and Cabul. Great Britain has been fortunate in finding in the reigning Ameer of Afghanistan one of the firmest, truest friends she has had among Oriental potentates, and it is evidently intended that his son shall also become attached to the British Crown. The importance of gaining the close friendship of the most conspicuous figures on the ramparts of India is becom ing more and more forcibly im pressed upon the Home Government. One of the most recent and most comprehensive summaries of Indian history has illustrated the colossal nature of the task which lies before the Government in this respect. Along ’ the Indian frontier there are now numbered some 690 states, ranging from Hyderabad, with its population of 11,500,000, to the petty chiefship of a couple of villages of 1000 inhabitants each, • -These various states cover an area of 600,000 square miles, and have a gross population of 66,000,000. Great Britain on one side, Russia on another, France on a third, and China ,on a fourth, are clos ing in upon .them, and in some directions - transforming the old political systems of Asia y into the condition of jealous diplo matic watchfulness, of great arma ments,, and of fortified frontiers, under which Europe is groaning. Re cent events have shown a steady ex tension of British authority and influ ence among these frontier States, and only a firm and vigorous policy at •Westminster is required to secure friendly allies along the whole lino. The Maharajah of Kashmir and the Ameer .of Afghanistan have both been brought into hearty co-opera tion with Great Britain,. and between them they not only directly hold the bulk of the “ buffer territory ” separating India from the Russian outposts, but indirectly hold suzerainty over many of the minor states. It was the force of one of the Maharajah’s chieftains that effected the timely relief of Chitral, and perhaps saved the garrison from massacre, and in many other instances the Maharajah and the Ameer have aided in the assertion and maintenance of British authority. Both the gratitude that recognises past services, and that which arises from a lively sense of favors to come, entitle the Ameer’s heir and probable suc cessor to the recognition he is receiv ing in the highest places in Great Britain. When the Legislative Council met yesterday Mr Abbott asked for permission to introduce a bill to amend the Mines Act, explaining that he did not think the amendment sought by him would be included in the Government measure. The bill was read a first time, and the second reading made an order of the day for the next day of meeting. The debate on the address in reply was continued. In the Assembly the debate on the address in reply was resumed by Mr S’. Madden, who denounced the retrenchment effected as being in favor of bone and muscle and to the detri ment of brains and intellect. At the close of his speech the question was put,- but Mr Hancock barred the way, saying he did not believe the House intended to vote then. He denied that the Ministry was dragged at the chariot wheels of the labor party, and con demned some of the retrenchments as mean. This started the talk once more, and Messrs Longmore, Hamilton, Maloney, and others placed their views before the House. To-morrow is the last day upon which elec tors’ rights can be procured with the right to inclusion of the holders’ names in the supple mentary lists about to be compiled. All qualified persons who have not already dons so should, therefore, at once take out rights. Those who own property in electorates in which they do not reside, and are not already upon the ratepayers’ rolls, can obtain non-resideptial rights on application to the local registrars. Mr Grose, M.L. A., has been notified by the Lands Department chat steps will be taken at an early data to permanently reserve the Ballarat and Creswick State Forest. Be fore the permanent reservation is entered upon persons interested will have an opportunity' of securing such excisions as may be necessary in the public inter est. The residents of Cabbage Tree, through Mr Grose, have already applied for the excision of a portion of the forest reserve in that locality. We are requested to remind members of the Citizens’ Licensing Reform Committee -of- the meeting convened by the City mayor for 4.15 to-day, at the City Hall, to receive communica tions from the mayors of Gothenburg and Bergen, and despatch other business. The annual festival of the Girl’s Friendly Society will be held this evening. There will be tea, provided by the associates, in Christ Church Hall, at 6.15, after which a choral ser vice will be held in the Cathedral Church, with an address by the bishop of the diocese, and a social evening with an interesting programme of songs, games, See,, has been arranged for. The G.F.S. is a growing society, and is becom ing more and more widely appreciated as a valuable factor in parochial organisation, much good work being done by it in many directions. It is expected that there will be a large gather ing of working and honorary, associates and members on the occasion. At the meeting on Monday night of the committee formed to arrange for the suitable reception of Mr Michael Davitt in Ballarat, the secretary was instructed to write to the Mayor of the City, asking him to meet Mr Davitt, and preside over his lecture. Cr Morey . was_ absent from Ballarat when the letter was received at the Town Hall, and the City clerk wired its contents to him. Yesterday Cr Morey telegraphed his replyi' regretting that.it was impossible to .comply with the request, as ha bad to'be in Melbourne on Parliamentary and private business on Tuesday. Mr E. Murphy, M.L.A., wrote to the general traffic manager of the railways, asking that special trains might be put on for Ballan imdTnTTT after the close of Mr Davitt’s lectn Dda ' 9 Fitzpatrick yesterday wired, stating thltV would be arranged for, to leave B*i. t ? ui,; Allendale at 10.30, and for Ballfnitin ot stopping at all stations along tha rl. % those times would suit. A reply wa !° D , te3 ’ '£ wired that the hours mentioned wonls !„-? nca that the trains will be duly put on. 3 StU ’ BO It was mentioned in The Star som. - , ago that an offer had been receivedw,"* 8 English syndicate to purchase the p? aa United Company’s mine. SharehnM. nc9 their half-yearly meeting last night if-™ *! at some length aletter. from Mr D of Saunders, Davies, and Cos., of Birm'ink *’ enquiring whether the company’s mine S’ sale, and it so, at what figure. It that the writer, who forwarded excsllon* dentials from the: Union Rank, had am Cre T to taka other mines to the English marl-if ° Be “ that it was his intention to float tha T Chance among the business connections of firm. A wide difference of opinion e !L°L hu to tha value of the mine, a section of t?" shareholders considering that on the Hi„:i , declared during the last half- year tha the property'could not be rightly gMgedhJ market quotations. Others again thought ifc. £40,000, a figure to which, it 3 Davies did not demur, was a fair price wk all chances were calculated. It was genenn agreed, however, that before time was aIS for the completion of tha purchase and tk placing of the shares in England, a snh»f»nr ? deposit should be forthcoming. This fk* chairman remarked, had not been offsr s although suggested by him in the first insS Eventually it was decided by a majority o fr to 9 to recommend an extraordinary mast:™., offer the mine for £40,000, to request tk?i deposit of £2OOO be made, that four months b» the term, and that no expanse in connect!™ with the sale be incurred by the company ' Cr C. B. Retallack, who returned to Bal larat last night after his visit to Hobart states that it is estimated the loss o ve tha recent Tasmanian Exhibition will ll fully £6OOO. One of the principal^ 9 of this was .the high price charged £ exhibitors, who were called upon to p aT o, per square foot. An American firm who had intended to make a fine display were so dis gusted at the charge that they refused to exhibit, and sent the whole of their articles to Sydney.. Other firms followed the same cocrw and. in order to avoid empty spaces tha coir mittee had to arrange with local firms to snpnlv exhibits, without making any charge for room The musical show, which was to have been one" of the principal features of the exhibition was so ill arranged that it alone resulted in a’ loti of £2500. Mr Retallack, who was eight days in Hobart, says the exhibition was on the whole a very fine one, and the Victorian court was decidedly the best. Part of the exhibition was lit up by Brush and Cos. with the electric light, which worked most satisfactorily. M t Retallack secured some very fine photographs of the principal exhibits, which give an ex cellent idea of the general nature of the exhi bition. . Robert Gilmore, the unfortunate young fellow who was knocked down by a cab in Sturt street on Saturday last, died in tha Hos pital yesterday afternoon, never having re gained consciousness from the time of the acci dent. A magisterial enquiry will be formally opened at the Hospital at 12 o’clock to-day, and after the jury is sworn in will be adjourned until 10.30 to-morrow, at the City Court house. Valuable information was obtained by Mr C. B. Retallack, president of the Australian Exhi bition Commissioners, who returned to Ballarat last night from his visit to tha Tasmanian Exhibition, and the Juvenile Industrial Exhi bition to be held here at the end of the year will undoubtedly benefit greatly by Mr Retallack’s enquiries, and the promises ha obtained from several exhibitors to forward their displays to Ballarat. One of the most striking and beautiful exhibits at the exhibi tion was the Bohemian glass show, valued at £6OOO, which occupied a space of 45 feet by 15 feet, and it is almost certain that thin attractive display will form a feature of the Ballarat show. The electrical exhibits were also of a particularly fins Character, and probably arrangements will be made for these to ia shown here, and though nothing of course is positively settled it is likely that tha exhibit will be utilised for illuminating tha buildings by tha electric light. Mr Retallack .bad a conversation with one of the members of the celebrated firm of piano makers, Brinsmead and Sons, who bad a magnificent show, one of their exhibits alone being worth 500 guineas, and a display of the world-famous pianos manu factured by the firm will doubtless also be in cluded among the attractions of the forth coming exhibition, which certainly promista to eclipse all its predecessors. By his visit to Tasmania Mr Retailack-learned of a number of Victorian exhibits which otherwise would not have been known, and as he was able to obtain the addresses of the various exhibitors, the Ballarat committee are now in a position to endeavor to secure them for their forth coming show. It is also intended to obtain from the. Government the whole of the show cases, flags, decorations, &c.;, used in the Vic torian Court,."which will undoubtedly add greatly to the attractiveness and general effect of our Ballarat Exhibition. . Old residents will well remember the Cale donian sports ; held annually in Ballarat in days . gone by, and the high place they occupied in the athletic gatherings of the year. Tha Highland games and kindred athletics are to be revived, and at a largely- attended meeting held at the South streetball last night, steps were taken to at once give definite shape to the movement. Mr Neil Grant presided, and Mr D. White was appointed secretary pro tan. After discussion it was decided, on the motion of Mr Ritchie, seconded by Mr Troup —“ That a society be formed to be known as the Ballarat and District Caledonian Society, and all present formed themselves into a com mittee, with power to add to their numter. It was also agreed to hold a sports meeting next November, and Messrs Adam, Grant, Munro, and Smith were appointed a sub-com mittee to select a ground. Application is to be made for the use of a room at the City Hall for next meeting, and circulars inviting attend ance will be issued to a large number ot citizens. The fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat But branch of the A.N. A. was held last evening : m the Fire Brigade Hall; Mr Geo. Brennan, the president, in the chair. Two nominations for membership were received, and one clearance was granted. It was decided to celebrate tne annivereary of the branch by a banquet, the date ot which will be duly advertised. io» item on the syllabus was “ Prepared speech on Cremation,” for a trophy presented by Mr A. Levy, vice-president. Mr D. Brown was tne judge. There were seven competitors, and to speeches were continued until after _ll o clock. Mr B. T. Pearse was declared the winner. Mr J. A. Powell, secretary of the Ballarat Art Gallery Association's Technical Art School, has received the following letter irp the Secretary for Education, clearly s j ‘ lo '* lD ? the value of the work turned out by students the school:—“I have the honor to mm| you that in accordance with the art . spector’s recommendation, this is prepared to purchase, for the sum ot *■ each, the undermentioned works sent m examination by Miss B. Williamson Messrs Anderson and L. Toxen, stndeo s tha abovenamed school:—(1) One study of head of N. Uggano (Miss Williamson); (•■) study of a piece of ornament shaded m c (Mr Anderson); (3) one study of ornamental form and analysis in line (Mr L. 4u.\jn). have to request that you will be so g 00( * ascertain whether the students in questio willing to dispose of these works mr amount offered.” We understand that. Anderson and Tuxen are willing tO - a department’s offer, but that Miss 'v'" l prefers to retain possession of her work. A piece of white paper cut in the shape ' a * good-sized boy was yesterday picked up Ballarat West railway station yard oy 0 .. the employes. It is thought that the “W had been used by the idiot who had oUa playing the ghost. It is said that dividual appeared on the Creswick r Wednesday night, displaying a repre=en , nl j similar to that mentioned. He was se chased by some young fellows, and as towards the station it was presumed ne the yard and dropped the paper. On v t vious night he was noticed m Havelo . . by a young man who hunted him into t yard, in which he hid himself. . Mr Leader, P.M. and Warden, has mi the following appointments for Ju » viz.:—lst, Learmonth Petty Session 3 . ' _ larat Petty Sessions; sth, Gordon . - 7 sions; 6th, Ballarat Bast Petty Se-s ■ > / Clunes Petty Sessions and Licensi 5, nfort Sth, Ballarat Patty Sessions; 10th, f Petty Sessions; 11th, Smythesd. D _ Sessions and Warden’s Court; 1- • . anl j dale Petty Sessions; 13th, Ballarat g a j. Bungarea Petty Sessions; 14fh c ’ ourts; larat Petty Sessions and Warde 17th, Ballarat Petty Sessions; IWn, 1 wood Petty Sessions;. 19th, Skipt® Sessions;2oth, Linton Petty Sessioj’xVarden's 22nd, Ballarat Potty Sessions and &b;> Courts; 24th, Beaufort BettySess' ,'’ ( n oar t; Creswick Petty Sessions and Ward |] ara t 26th, Allendale Petty Sessions; 2<tn. ges . East Petty Sessions; 28th, Ch ine , gj. sions, and Ballarat Warden’s Court, larat Petty Sessions and Warden s mon th For absence without leave during’ of April one private in the local » 11,w been fined 2s 6d and another 7a «*. nec . The Children’s Missionary Band m tion with St. Pauls tl) g schoolroom yesterday held a sale of gifts 1 arrangB \- aid of foreign mission work. Jlisses ments for the sale were snpervis _j, osa prac- Grace (2), Hughes. and tical advice and assistance ena• t 3 ho» people to make an unusually useful and pretty art'des, which [)0 room on the stalls to the best advan • occa3 ion, had been tastefully decorated for t article3 and tha six stalls laden with on “ ff4S completed a most pleasing scene. i hv'thß Bev. Canon Mercer. A brisk • "P 6 ? p- a was transacted, the youthful stall 1®!“!° t s 32 in number, who each wore a ; a hinp badge of a white muslin cap bow, being most diligent in «ine their wares upon customers. In addi to the stalls other attractions were pro including two noble bran pies, a ■naitv shop, and a fishpond, teeming with >«meeand valuable fish. During the after n tea was provided in the refreshment m and at 9 o’clock in the evening supper. Sale generally was a great success, and re- Eteaß“ ch “ editonaUconceraed : : : • -v e finance committee of the City Council ' t yesterday afternoon. The application by Parker for permission to mine at the White , was considered, and it was pointed out (V t the ground asked for was not included in it territory. It was therefore decided to “firm the applicant that the council had no set in the matter. The applicant for per- P i«ion to work the tailings at the park not f ring complied with the council’s request and tlonlied additional particulars, consideration , the matter was further postponed. It was Sieided to invite fresh tenders for the supply (400 tree guards, the previous successful ten derer having given up his contract. Military duties and parades for June have ian arranged as follows: —Night drills on the j3th, 20th, and 27th. The practical ex udation of Lieutenant Gilpin for confirma of commission is fixed for the Gth. The Zioanding officers will have charge of the Tjjde on the 13th. On the 20th there will be i theoretical examination of officers. The bat ata orderly officers for the month are Lieu tenant J. T. Gilpin and Color-Sergeant Col fcnme. When the case against Robert Morton, who rts charged with withholding a steward’s cash took belonging to the Mount Pleasant Tent LOB-, was called on at the Town Police Court yesterday Mr Pearson, who appeared for the trustees, stated that the defendant had satisfied the complainants, and that the case was with drawn. Mr Barrett appeared for the defen ding At the same court three debt cases were disposed of. Mr Leader, P.M., and Messrs jlsworth, Phillips, Barter, and Josephs, J’s.P., presided. Ihe monthly meeting of the Ballarat Photo mphic Association was held on Wednesday Irening, in the School of Mines; the president (IfrF. J-Martell) in the chair. -There was a : fiir attendance. Messrs Harrington and Cos., ci Sydney, forwarded several specimen packets cilheir “Invicta” paper, which at the Inter colonial Congress and Exhibition held in (belong was very highly commended by the pdpes. It was resolved to hold the annual orbibition in the School, of Mines on Thursday ud Friday evenings, 11th and 12th July; all entries for the exhibition to be in the hands of lie secretary by Wednesday evening, 2Gth June. The following trophies have been donated for competition amongst the members; -The president, for the best illustration of the mrds “Good-bye;” Mr Carter (Carter and Werner), for the best six half-plate land scapes, negatives to have been 'taken since Ist January; Mr F. W. Niven, for the best six ihole plate landscapes, prints to be either direct or enlarged to that size; and Mr Andrew inderson, for the beat three portraits from enretouched negatives. The competition for (be evening—the bast bromide enlargement (Imdscape)—was won by Mr F. Foster. At the Peel street Free Methodist Church list night a largely attended meeting was held in connection with the Ballarat and District IJoion Young People’s Society of Christian Endeavor. Mr A. White, president of the union, occupied the chair and delivered an interesting address. Messrs Besemeres, Sinden, ind the Rev. Levi Walton also spoke, and the meeting, which was interspersed with singing, it, was of a most enjoyable and profitable character. For the accommodation of the police who frequently visit Melbourne and have now to itay at hotels, the Christian Police Association bu established a police institute similar to that bexistenca in London and other large centres, Tt» premises, which are handsome and spacious tad comfortably furnished, are situated at the comer of Queeusbarry and Rathdown streets, Carlton. The opening ceremony is fixed for Sunday next, and invitations have been sent bSuperintendent Parkinson and other officials throughout the colony to be present at the tenonstration. Archdeacon Langley is to pre sfisand deliver an address. Constable Nichol mand ex-Sergeant Simpson, secretary to the kal branch of the association, will represent lb; Ballarat police, A largely attended communion service was bid at the Cathedral Church yesterday morn kg, in connection with the anniversary celebra tes of the Girls’ Friendly Society. The Rev. J. \7. Griffiths officiated, and the musical portion was rendered by the auxiliary choirs. Special gatherings, as notified elsewhere, will is held to-day, and in the evening a service rill be held, at which the bishop will preach. On Monday evening next Professor Richard, lE., will commence at the Mechanics’ Insti fcte a series of his interesting lectures on raical electric treatment. The professor, who hi gained a reputation for his cures of the hue, the deaf, the paralysed, and, in fact, tferers of all descriptions, will .during his fib’s visit to Ballarat give three of his healing faonstrations, so that the public will have an gipartunity of judging for themselves the ntnre and success of the treatment. Throngh cl the colonies the professor has lectured to imense audiences, and the results attending i : jhealing demonstrations have, according to sport, aroused immense enthusiasm. Professor Eichard has secured private consulting rooms on fe first floor of Kelsall’a buildings, Lydiard freet north, where he may be consulted from 9 im.to Bp.m. on weekdays, and on Sunday bum 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. As bis visit to Ballarat ti be only for a short season, patients de fines of receiving his treatment are advised to lie an early opportunity of doing so. The Norwood (S. A.) Football Club will arrive ®Ballarat on Monday next by the first train, ufi in the afternoon will meet the Imperials ha match at the Saxon Paddock. The visitors us regarded as one of the best teams playing fe Australian game, and it will be remembered rtcently defeated the Essendon, last year’s Ktropolitan premiers. At the Academy of Music to-night the con st! in aid of the Wendouree. Rowing Club fll take place. The full programme appeared 0 yesterday’s issue. In response to numerous ffitesb, and in accordance with the wishes of 1 deputation which waited on him yesterday {jternonn, Mr V. Woolcock will sing “ Sweet •“tie,”instead of “Margarita,” for which he •“ programmed in the first portion of the Blertainment. Mr Woolcock gave the first ttned item at the Liedertafel concert on Wed tsday evening, and it was received with such jtproval by those present that its repetition “■night was decided upon. The doors will bo •fa at a quarter past seven, and the concert •A commence at 8 o’clock. The price of ■served seats has been fixed at 2s Gd, and the ®r plan may be seen at Herbert’s until 1 •clock this afternoon, and from 2 till 5 at the academy of Music. At the half-yearly meeting of the Last Chance tinted Company last night, donations of £S 8s seb were granted to the Hospital and Bene- Asylum, and £4 4a to the Orphan «ylmri. There was a large attendance atthe Women’s ™yer Union yesterday afternoon, when Pro i! Thompson gave a most earnest address •" Divine love—what is it?” He said that *®d all the questions that are asked now-a this one was not often heard, He would JC’Ver it in the words of Scripture—“ God is A nd •hen as to the outcome of this love ?*be life of the Christian—“ We love Him r-QoseJEle first loved us,” “There is no fear Blove,” “ Perfect love casteth out'fear,” and a man love not his brother whom he bath , ■ “ ow can he love God whom he hath not “CD, , )} cage, embodying many important JMvements, which have been patented by fr "■ Hillman, of Skipton street, has just *■?. to the order of the Prince, of u t3 ( Company, Sebastopol. The cage will jpot to work in the shaft at 1 p.m.to-morrow y -' • Those interested in the improve “• of mining machinery are cordially invited "w Present. There was only a fair muster of militiamen tef irado as t night. Lieutenant-Colonel M wa s in command, and the corps was _ through battalion and physical drill, jwfflpaniments to the latter being played by j.".? Klmen tal band, under the leadership of . Otnaster Gray. The last parade for the year takes place this afternoon. litß-t t ' le Ebenezer Presbyterian Church, Eboit °nf ? treet > to-night, St. Andrew’s Kirk ha hß've a grand miscellaneous concert, •red! , * ea rierahip of Mr W. Boustead. An on! programme has been arranged, and a ■ enjoyable evening is assured, btha n ? eaßure to amend the law relating f ad a <;- en t wages, was brought in and \ jm. , ar3 t time in the Legislative Assembly i [trial ut - “ follows in the lines of the Im ufi ' . K es Attachment Abolition Act, 1870, n , 6ls t 8 of a solitary clause, as follows: — 6 hall after the commencement of i*tice fn .1, made hy a »y court, judge, or djtV or the attachment of the wages of any W. . ervan t, laborer, or workman if his 'hither no u excee( l a rate of £3 per week, •t 'fiaii„ Pa , le at a yearly, monthly, weekly, rate - For the purposes of this Act ny* means wages or salary!” the branches of a large tree fillers’ a alr , okt- Cummins, licensee of the kfi 8 notel, at the corner of Doveton fts a j streets, missed his hold and fell to WentK 1 Seating one of his legs. The W“ ppened at a tenement belonging to i 0 " 1 then'w 0 ? *‘b.® opposite side of the street jjlt r p P , ~ a3e i and he was carried home ?i , orley and another gentleman. c k attended the sufferer and set the °f the Beaufort Coursing Club s>ir) a “ a y ?vening (Mr 'V'anderstoel in the SH!? ® a tch was arranged for June, the secretary being •do to write to Mr E.’ H, Austin, oJ*^^'’ti e HiP£.PeniiiBBion *° run the match on 6>t. Enochs Estate, Stockyard Hill. Members’, tickets-were fixed at ss. The following office bearers were appointed President, Mr'E. H. Austin, _M.Ii.A.'; vice-president, Mr Geo. j-notnas; secretary and treasurer, Mr E. H. Welsh; judge, Mr J. Gillespie; slipper, Mr B. Wilson; assistant slipper, Mr C. Vowles; stewards, Messrs Yanderstoel, Sinclair, Arcbard, and Parker; committee, office-bearers, Messrs M'Keich, Maher, Eastwood, E ihomas, and H.Yaenooh.; The meeting ad- . till. Wednesday evening next,- at vowles Camp hotel, Messrs Shoppee, Murray, MlDonald, Morti se 1 ?? Biokett, J’s.P,, presided at the City Jrolice Court yesterday, and dealt with several debt cases. , Professor_ Baldwin. Spencer,. of the Mel bourne University, has consented to deliver one of a course of popular science lectures to be commenced next month at the School of Mines. His subject will be “The recent Horne scientific exploring expedition to Cen tral Australia,” and the lecture will be illus trated by lantern views. The following items appear in the last issue of the Police Gazette :–John William Phillips is charged, on warrant, with deserting his wife, Ann Jane Phillips, at Ballarat East, on the 21st inst. Thomas Jones, dairyman, Pootilla, reports stolen during the night of the 1st inst., a brown colt for buggy, six years old, AM near shoulder, shod all round, value £16; a bay mare, medium draught, branded M near shoulder, value £10; and a bay foal, five weeks old, star, white about fetlocks, value £6. Lovers of football will have another attrac- tion to claim their attention to-morrow after- noon, when the Imperial and South Ballarat meet for the second time this season. The last match between these clubs resulted in a draw, and as both clubs are including new and ex- perienced players it only requires fine weather to ensure an exciting and interesting game. The secretary of the Wendouree Rowing Club has received a wire from Messrs J. Donald (stroke) and C. Donald, of the successful Vic- torian crew in the recent intercolonial eight- oared race, stating that they will return to Ballarat by this evening’s express. Prout’s Ballarat. Brass Band will play the following programme of music at the Royal Standard hotel, Doveton street, this evening:— March, '“ Sweet'Marie;”; waltz,' “ Of-'thS past;” selection, “Nortre- chere. Alsalce;” polka “Rippling rill;” waltz, "Silver Rhine;” selection, “ Elysium;” march, “ The Southern Cross;” “ God save the Queen.” A large clearance of mantles and jackets at bona fide sale prices will be commenced at John Snow and Company’s on Saturday morning, and will last for one week only. Price lists, &c.;, will be found in our advertising columns. Mr Roberts, the officer in charge of the mechanical department of the South Austra lian railways, who has been asked to assist the Railway Enquiry Board in their investigations as to how that branch of, the Victorian Rail ways can be placed upon a more economical footing, arrived in Ballarat yesterday. He has not yet done any official work here, but to-day he will visit and inspect the local stations, Bal larat East workshops, engine sheds, &c.; He will also pay a visit to the Phoenix Foundry, and probably other large works. The proceeds of the late concert held in aid of the building fund of the Yendon Hall and Free Library amounted to £lO 4s. Taking the times into consideration this is very satis-, factory. His Excellency the Acting-Governor, Sir John Madden, has requested the commanding officer of the defence forces to convey to the troops which took part in the Queen’s Birthday Review at Langwarrin, his appreciation of the turn-out, appearance, and steadiness of all ranks under arms. The country corps are given credit for the satisfactory attendances, and the splendid manner in which they went through the heavy day’s work. In every ' case the muster was above that estimated, and the con duct of the men was exceptionally good. Messrs John Snow and Cos. announce a clear ing sale of mantles, jackets, &c.;, commencing on Saturday morning. Stock in Messrs Snow and Co.’s mantle department .is much, too heavy, which accounts for the extraordinary reductions so early in the season. It is not generally known (writes “Atticns” in the Leader) that our Melbourne favorite, Mr Alfred Dampier, succeeded Sic Henry Irving as leading man at Manchester. 