EVICTING A GHOST. 0 ? A REMARKABLE STORY. Almost ovory town or villngo has its Imuntod houno, and tho sottlomont of Wandn, iu India, waa no oxooption. Horo a numbor of English offlenra and thoir familioa lito during tlio wiirmor months, roturniug to thoir respoctivo commauds lator 021. Tho rumor that Captain Bouuohump's houso was haunt ed was circulated by ft sorvant. Ho was awakenod ono ninrhii by moat extra ordinary noise. Tho door-boll was ringing vlolontly, and a struggling, writhiug noiao in tho wall of tho houao— not in ono placo, but in Bovorul at onco, and them ho hoard a long-drawn High. This was tho luat foathor. Ho rushod to his omployor's.room andarousodhinij vowing that tho placo was hauulod. Tho notoriety so ohoaply oarnod booamo oxooeding diaagrooaolo. Mut tora stood in this flhapo i'ov so mo days whon ono morning a party of jugglora roaohod tho haunted houso. As thoro woro a numbor of children in tho family tho porformors woro iuvitod into tho grounds, and gavo an ontortainmont. Finally ono of tho mou took out a Binall oval baakot, whioh had an orifloo in tho top, and Boating himself near it bogauto play a quaint air upon a iluto. Aftor industriously playing for a fow raoinonts up through bho hold in tho baokot camo the hoad of tho oobra, and whon 12 in. or 15 in. abovo tho basket ib bogta to wavo to and f ro as if in obodionoe to tho meaauro of tho music Aftor tho anako danco— or tho snnko ' charming,' ua'Euvopoan aro want to oall it-tho Indian snako-ohai'mor walked around tho house aud among tho bushoa pointed out a holo whioh might have boon madw by a rabbit. To ono of tho nativos ho naid ho would tako out a cobra whioh ho thought wns in tho holo. Sontiug him self boforo tho hole , tho magician bogan his mournful plaint, Forflftoon minutes ho kopt up tho noiao, and thon from the opeuing thoro appoarod tho ugly hooded hoad of a oobra, Another holo was Boon found, this boing directly at tho baao of tho wall of tho houso. The man oxarainod it a fow momenta carofully,thon bogan to play upon tho flulo. Hardly had thegroup gathorod about tho porformor boforo a mosfc romurkablo uoiao oamo from tho houso. First, tho ro was a sound aa o^oacaping stoam, thon a sound of Bomo groat body strioking tho wall and rubbing against; tho tlmbors. Dust in olowU oamo from tho holo and bho ' oVavmor' started baok in iori'Oi' ovfli'twvninw thn mnn liniilnd Mm Rooovoriug himsolf ho darted at tho holo, aud trii'mtiug his arm in drow out not a cobyabut tho 'tail of a largor snake. Astonishment was dopiotodon the native's faoo, aud horror on thoso of many of tho spootatoro as he stood holding tho tip of tho tail, and 6 ft of tho body was visible For a soooud the man l&oaitated; thon rogaining his couragpu ho Bhoutod in Hlndustanoo for tho loftkors on to stand bade, and talc ing a //ood grip upon tho tail ho pulled graduAlly baokward. Out it oamo, foot by foot, inoh by inoh, 5 ft., 10 ft., 15ft., lOf ttt — 18 f t,, was thoro on onda ? 38ft of quivering snake flesh aa largo as a manto thigh. A quick jerk and tho en tiro taonator was oloar —at Ioa3t 20 ft. in length— -big enough to swallow a door, and yot hold by a single man. Tho nativo was howovor not in tho least di8oourngod. Ho olung to tho tail, and and as tho huge reptile turned towards him with an angry hiss ho gavo it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually lio inoroasod liia opood turn iug foster and faator, until ho oooined tho oenti-o of a whool tlio spnkoo of whioh woro tho body of tho python. So rapid wa3 tho motion that tho simko's body was porfootly straight and it was ovidont that as long as tho motion could bo kopt up tho mau waa saf 0, but if tho monskor could roach him ho would in a moment bo orushod in tho horrible folds of tho reptile. It soon booamo apparout that tho chavmor know what ho wan about. Not far from the houaa Btood a stout flagstaff H ft through of solid toak wood, and towards this ho was gradually moving whirling thosnako faster and faster. Whon ho was within. 25 ft of it, itdawnod upon tho fow spectators what he waa about to do. Thia was to strike tho hoad of tho roptilo against tho polo. Noarar he oamo whirling faster and faster until tho sorpont ? stood out likoa whiplaBh and thon with a quick stop forward, ho brought tlio head of tho animal againsb tho wood with a crushing sound Ho roloasod his hold, and tho groat roptilo doublod up iu couvulsivo folds, digging up tho oarth and Bonding clouds of dust iuto tho air finally dropping limp and lifolesB to tho ground. Ono thing waa ovidonk, that there was tho 'ghost.' Mr. David Hosb, 1MU.B.A, architoct, haa commenced praotico (it William-stroet as his (idvertifioinout appoara olnowhore iu to-dny's mno, Mr, Kouo, in ono of the oldost architects in Amtralin and Jinn had oxtensivo oxporienco in New Zealand, Viotona, and Now South Wales. The Boys' Brigndo Parade Sorvlco will bo hold to-morrow morning iu Wesley Churoh whontho Rov. G. E. Kowo will givo an ad Arm on tho Qualillcationo of a Soldier, In tho ovoning tho rov, gontlomau will pronoh on tho Biibjoob M Prayers for tho Dead: Whnt Saith tho Sorinturos ?' Tho evening sorvico begins nt 7*30. Mr, Rowland Edwards dolivors a Gospol address to- morrow ovoning in Shearer Memorial Hall at 7.30 Wo aro uskotl to ro miud thoso who intend to bo present to attend early, as tho hall is only capable of accommodating n limited numbur. 