THB REUNION OF CHRIS TENDOM. REPLIES TO PRIOR VAUGHAN. DR. JEFFERIS ON 'THE RE ENSLaVEMEKT OF CHRISTEN DOM.' Ab tho Brougham - placa Congregational Church on Sunday tho Kev. Dr. Jeffaris undertook to reply to certain authoritative n-toMiiM hv two leading itoinbn eee'eeias tic-s— Cardinal Moran aud Prior Vaujjaan— touching thu reunion of Christendom. Attet spetkiug genfcr?.Uy of attc-iupts m&do; to ao coinplish the rcuuion of Ciiristuiidom, Dr. Jei'fiiris went ou to say :— 'Ttie Popo pioposea the reunion of Christendom. I havo carefully considered tho terms propounded, ftud I fay tho Popo required the ro-on«!.iven:enS of Christendom. When iroe muu unite it is to respect oaoh olher's opiuions, to oii'er hocuuruble com promise, *to join as fur as may bu on equal ttruiti. Iiet us see whit the Australian Cardinal and the English Prior aro olferiug their fellow-Christians ou behalf of tho Bishop of llome. Tho Cardinal, indeed, declares that while iu matters of faith there oan bo no com promise in matters of discipline tho Pope could mako concisions if he pleases. Aud eo Anglican orders the validity of Episcopal ordiuatiou, a married priesthood, and worship in English instead of Latin. These could be dealt with ou th»ir merits, as the Pope might think fitting. As for all the graver questions in debate, the infallibility of the Pope, the cuHua of tha Virgin Mary, the in vocation of saints, indulgences from the firo of purgatory, masses for the dead— these and « number of othor articles of helief at present rejected by the Prote3tano Churches musb be aucopted implicitly. The Prior declares that nothing which appertains to the essence of the Church might bo altered— thai the constitu tion, authority, and eacramt-ntu aro immutable. Auiiculer confession would ba insisted on. The Holy See might possibly make concessions, bub ib would bo on matters not deemed of vital importance. Ho does nob think, a3 the Cardinal seems to, that clergymen should be pe'rmitJed to marry. - Only ib is nob unlikely that tho Holy Father would graciously allow those already married to rotain their wives and children. As for the young priests, thoy are to accept celibacy. Tios whioh tho Apostle Peter formed the suc cessor of St. Peter condemns. They must dwoll apart without wife or child or home. I shall not attempt to follow Prior Vaughan in his wild statement that 240,000.000 of peoplo are united in tno Papal Church ' as one man.' Bub a word needs to beaaid. Does ho include tho Italians in Rome ! I onoo eaw Piu3 IX. performing High Mass in tho Church of San Carlo I3orvorn'eo. JIo waa guarded against attacks from his own Roman subjects by a triple file of Boldiors with fixed bayonets, rauged from the door of entrance to the vorj step3 of tho altar. United as ono man? Surely the Prior has nover buen to Iraly, or Germany, or France, or even Spain. In the very hearb of Roman Catholicism there is ravclt, deep and deadly against Papal rule. And I beg you nob to truab implicitly to the Prior's reading of history. Tho Rov. ITaskotb Smith has characterized ib a3 'superb audacity.' We may agreo with him in hia eatimato of Henry VIII.; bub when ho lauds Queen llary and evidently regrets the failure of the Armada, when ho traduces Qusen Elizabeth, end eneors at her with a oii of uupriestly wittioism, and when, coming with a bound to cur own timos, he asserts that Lord Halifax and tho English people are longing to be reunited with tho centre of Christendom, we see at ones that ho knows little of tho mind and temper of tho English raco. I must leave it for those who can speak with greater authority than myself to say whether tho High Church Party has accepted 'almoab all tho doctrine and oven tho ritual of the Papal Church ;' whether there sro over 3,000 clergy men and thirty Anglican bishops united in sympathy with Lord Halifax, endorsing ' the humble, beautiful, and spiritual letter' which ho is said to havo 'placed ab tho feeb of tho Vicar of Christ.' But I venture to express bhe opinion that whilo the High Church Party has followed too closoly the ritual of Rome, and has adopted Eomo of the doctrines which our fathers of tho Reformation repudiated and put away, yot that' the greater number of the clergymen and a yeb lareer proportion of their followers aro stoutly opposod to Papal domination. In their, dreams of. reunion with the Roman Church they have not dreamt of Bubmioaibn to an infallible Pope. Of bhe Broad Church and the Evangelicals, and of the Christian eeots \- outside tho Episcopal (these last alone number ing more' than one-half tho nation), I can, speak with greater confidence. They would as .soon think of rendering civil obedience to tho Czar of RusBia as of rendering spiritual obedience to the Bishop of Rome. Myoon tentiou thon is thai bhe reunion of Christen dom upon the terms haughtily proffered by tho Popo would bo tho re-onslavemeht of Christendom. Three centuries and a half ago our ancestors broko tho fetters forged in an evil time. We sro asked to return to tho spiritual bondage of tho middle ages. Listen to tho gro&b; historian of English literature— 1 From tho fourth century gradually the dead latter was substituted for tho living faith. Christians resigned themselves into the hands of the ctargy, and the clorgy into tho hands of the Pope. Christian faith was reduced to the accomplishment of works, and works to the accomplishment) of oeremonies. ... In plaoeof Christianity tho Church, in placo of free belief an imposed orthodoxy, ln placo of heart and energetic thought external and mophani cal discipline. Tneso aro tho characteristics of tho middle ages. Undar this oouatraiub a thiuking society had ceased to think, and mankind, slothful and crouching, made over tboir conscience and their conduab iuto the hands of thnir priests, and wara as puppets, capable only of reciting a catechism and ohanting a hymn.' Do you enj tho rniddloaRea are gone forth, and with thu spiritual domi nation of the priesthood. My reply in that tho olaiins now advanced by the Papaoy aro greater than they woro when Luther reuounoed his allegiance. In declaring the infalli bility of tho Popo iit the (E'ju nwuieal Council of 1870, in asserting that he is tha ono mouthpiece of the Holy Ghost, Rome arrogates for him a divine authority whioh Hildebrand and Innocent dared nob say was theirs when kingdoms were at their feet. Listen to Mr. Gladstone, a High Churchman— ' Tub Rome of the middle agos ckimod universal monarchy. Thotnodern Church of Ituine ha* abandoned nothing, re tracted nothing.' Wearenotoonoarnec] to-night with the dootrines of tho Papacy. Wo are to look at it rachor in regard to its polity, its government, and the rotation of this to tho civil power, tho bearing of this on Australian citizenship. Your attention is invited, nob to its oruods, or i:s discipline, or its methods of wordiiip, bub to ono groab feature of its polioy, wbioh I deem to be antagonistic to the free dom whish is the inalienable heritage of the sous of Kriuin. In our days, and among thoie who havo won for themselves the largess results of truth, nad the fairsst fruits of civilization, there ia no principle more eettlud, more eagerly held, moro cjustnutly acted ou than tho right- of peoples to govern thorn solves. Tho divine ri^ht of kings was buried iu tha tomb of George III. If you will bub fr.irly consider thoao revolutionary efforts that) aro beiug put forth iu Europe, you may discern under ull extremes of sooialistio opinion and anarchic uc:iou tho resolute dbuerminatiun of tho paople themselves to aohittve their own deatiny. Is is the Jast teaching ol thu now political philosophy and, may I t;vy it, of tho old gospel of Christ. Ib comes to us iw the ripest result) of experience and as tho trausb exposition of the words of the Master. Tho despot, the autocrat, tba dictator, the unconstitutional monarch belong to &n; agn that in tffetc. Hure iu Australia wf- are fully resolved to govorn ouraelvea. Civil freedom is tho breath ot our nostrils. How, thin, snail we explain the anomaly that iu tho religious sphere ibis with many so different. They belong to aOhuroh where cousiiitutional liberty such nstheyde maud in civil life must not bo dreamt of. There they rocognue a human Jiuthrv rity to which they must render implicit and unquestioning obedience. All real power is vested in tho clergy. Tho laity havo no share. If the head of the vast organization is a single man, endowed with alaiusl unlimited power, ha is tha supremo auto-orat, too in fallible teacher, the divino arijitar iu faith and murals, aud in all the multitudinous questions arising aboui these in noeial nnd political life. That unquestioning obedience to tuoh an autocrat 13 paid by men of British blood ia something to wonder at. Th-i wonder deepens ;vh«u we ti Ljtl th.it thu ubiolu'.H monarch is not of British raco. TTo h uot onn of us either by birth or a'Snisy. Iio belongs to a racse, clever iniied and qitiuk-wiuud, who when they had lo't c!i^ mastery of the world by failure ol' martial caur^^e, won back thfeir asuendanoy by playing on superstitious f«ari. Tiiis Italian rsee, daseendants of those de^cmeratu U'jinnns, huvu uot boen trained to freedom, althougti of laia they tiav« bsootne fr^o. Tha clerical party amonj: ihein, r.ccm tomei to subiervienco, kauw nothing of tun spirij of liberty, nothin;; of the methods of constitutional governxent. Into the hr.uc?s of r m«'i of such a race, of eu'jh f% party, we l'ritish ChristiauR are asleep to p'.iico ourielvos with unquobtioning subnnsaioa. Chrietians who, above all others oughs to bi free, British Ciiristians who ought to ho the frocsi of free men, aro askud to conli'.'-e their Hpiritual interests, whioh ought to be dtuirer to them than life, to this alien despot. 1 have r^ad of Australian co'.incils held touching the government of Australian rn°n, and of the deei=ions of su;h councils beinfj transmitted to Rome to be approved or oonueinned by an Italian ruler Wo are happily free from c-acerciotal uBurpation?, fr*:fi from the terrors of ecclesiastical tribunals. But if snv large aection of onr countrymen bow with ear viiity before the representative of a foreign autoorab, or yield passive obedience to a supremo arbiter of faith and moral?, wo geb within the Churoh a danger that menaces tho S3t»to. Ono would havo thonghtthatlongagotheChnrchofChristwould have risen in righteous scorn againstaucb baEe lesa authority, would have- cast off a yoke lib only for children or for men in th« infancy of knowledge. National protest has indeed been signally delivered. Of the graat nations tvhioh four centuries npo rendered obedience to the Popo ono only, boastful, indoient, BupemitiouB, yields her'aolf without condition. Spain, the benighted, is still the darliiijf daughter of V/omir. But Italy is in rebellion, Franco u daiiant, Germany is hostile. Eng land through all her history has brooked with ill- coacealed lmpatioacs an alien ecclesiastical rulo. To-day ens treats tho supercilious advances of tho Papaoy with courteous con tempt. Thero is little denser thab Victori* will follow the example of John or M«ry or James II. As for Australia, who dreams, aavo Prior Vaughan, that sha wjll bo content) to bo ruled in spiritual affairs bv an old-world conclave sitting on the banks' of tho Tiber? Wo belong to the newvworld. Thero is no placo for either oivil or spiritual despotism among bhe Australian people.' 