SUDAY SERVICES. ST. PEANCIS, PADDIN€rTON. |S;. The foundation stone of the new sehool I' hall in connection with St. Francis |: Church, Paddington, was laid yesterday |:' afternoon by Cardinal Moran. There ? ' -was a large assemblage present, | including the Bev. Dr. O'Haran i.~ (who accompanied the Cardinal), £ the Bev. Fathers P. A. Slattery, P. :;-? B. Kennedy, P. B. Lawler, J. S. Joyce, M. ?; B. Gaynor, Mnllan, and Messrs. E. W. F O'Snllivan and F. Clarke, MS.L.A., J. ''?? Blakeney, and C. St. Julian. After the i '? on address to a crowded congrejja \- tion in the church on some ' . of the prominent features of the ;. Catholic Church. He said: Too ;'. many of those outside her fold £ were the victims of prejudice. They ? had inherited an insuperable antipathy \- to everything Catholic Hatred of the Church had become a sort of second nature ? to them. The Church was instituted by : .. Christ, complete in its organisation, and ; quickened by a divine1 life for the special purpose to perpetuate his . presence on eartn, to announce to men. It ' will be asked, what are the dis tinctive features by which the true Church of Christ may be known? The chief marks of the Church of God were presented to them in the Nicene Creed, when they professed their faith in ;, the 'One, Holy, and Apostolic Church.' : So perfect was the unity with which Christ endowed his Church that he compared it to the all-perfect 'Unity of the three divine Persons. Did not the Catholic Church at the present day present in a most perfect way the re alisation of that religious unity ? Those who enrolled in her communion would be found to vary in their opinions and in their action as regards everything except -. religion. The secret ol all this was that the unity of the church was not the work ' of man., but was a new creation achieved by the infinite wisdom and power of God. The Church was Catholic everywhere, the same everywhere, complete, yet spread throughout tae whole werld. This dis tinctive ieature of the Church was so easily recognised that the wayfarer, no matter how nninstructed he might be, could not err by it. Indeed, there was only one church that put for ward a claim to be the universal church. Others could only pretend to be fragments of the universal church. They were local, and were not spread throughout the world. The aposioiicity of the church implied the handing on in an unbroken line the commission given by Christ to the apostles, and sealed by the Holy Ghost in the first Christian PentecoBt. How could the Anglican Church claim to be apostolic, whilst it had .torn itself away from the Apostolic See, and- choaen for itself Cffiaar . as its head, instead of St. Peter, to whom Christ com mitted the charge of the whole flock? The dissolution of the Protestant Church was inevitable. The whole structure of evangelical religion is shattered, and few look with, sympathy on its tottering or its fall. . The new school will be built of brick and stone, and will be 35ft x 100ft, pro viding seating accommodation for 400. It will eventually be two-storeyed, but at pre sent only the first storey is being proceeded with. The cost would have been .£800, bat as Mr. L. F oley gave gratis the iron principals of the roof, value .£100, the cost was reduced to .£700. Mr. Charles St. Julian is the hon. architect, and Mr. John -Murray the contractor. The amount col ^ lected during the afternoon was .£71 10s. 