a fchu^iij institati^a, aTportuig club," fee"! •els the pinch occasioned by a dearth of specie, they immediately embark on a voyage 'of money-hunting. Time was when a subscription li$t; with & few* good names ,-pt the head, proved sufficient inqhicement to gather in the- necessary—-mofe or less. L'attefly, however, it is principally "less" when the total is made-up. ; Thus it happens that the bazaar and sale of gifts, with a stray art onion, or two, have gained in popn'ar favor ; and there is no record of either of these proving « failure. If any have proved So; the cases have been so Isolated as to escape - our eagle eye, anyhow. The successes have not, and it is this latter knowledge that induces us to throw out a suggestion in connection with a local body which, if accepted, would materially assist the finances. The Numurkah Pastoral and . Agricultural Association is a body the benefit and usefulness of which is admitted by farmers ani business men alike. That it is not so liberally supported as could be wished is due to a variety of circumstances the effects of which even the most careful management and foresight . could not avert. The reduction in the subsidy is one, the run of bad times and consequent reduction of outside support, another. With these, there has been a . variety of other small matters assisting to bring about a collapse in a monetary sense. But. however this result lias been brought abont=it. is so. How to counteract it has ptlzzled the minds of more than one member of the executive. Such being the case, is there any reason why a sale of gifts, with its accessories, should not be .utilised ? This would provide an opportunity to many not blessed at present with surplus capital, to contribute to the Association's <aid in kind, leaving it to the energy of members to convert it into coin. If a similar course has effected the. desired object on behalf of churches or charitable institutions, surely the same result is possible in connection with the Numurkah Pastoral and Agricultural Society ! And not only the Numurkah Society, but with others similarly situated. The chances of success are assured if the idea is taken up in a liberal spirit. We have a recollection of a similar venture at Donald meeting with great success ; and what can be done elsewhere can be accomplished here. It requires no great thought to prove its feasibility, and the. possibilities 6f such "a sale of gifts are great—from a money point of view. Farmers, and business men also, could contribute articles where a money gift would be beyond their power. Placed together, these donations in themselves would go a great way towards making' a more than presentable appearance ; and, assisted by the fair sex, the final result would be to create a big gap in that much-discussed overdraft. (In this connection it might not be a bad idea to place the matter, if taken up, in' the hands of the guarantors.) The expenses connected with the inception and* cariying into effect of a sale' of gifts would be trifling. Most of the accessories would be contributed; and the committee should be prepared to accept anything in the way of donations, from a selection to a sucking-pig. It might not , be, possible to place such—or similar—donations on exhibition ; but it is right hene; where the insinuating little art-union branch of the, affair , could be profitably employed. He average investor in an experiment of this sort cares very little as to where the prize is situated if he considers he has any chance of annexing, it. That,' however, is a mere matter of detail; the suggestion is offered, it is open for one or more members of the Association to take it ap. MAN is a gullible individual, and is ever for something fresh to put his trust in and distract Ins thnrcHfi TT? .i^r^T^j °°-fa*, what that something is, so long as it is new he is satisfied. Euchd,forinstaneev.is not popular with mankind by"' reason of its lack of feeling and its very aertitbde. Were': it; possible,' ; say ? " to cast any doubt on' the . «tnouldy proposition that the squares on th sides containing the right. «iqrle are together equal to the square on the hypothenpse, we wonld •,;»iiiHn6dtat£ly witnesi' the formation of a"Eactid Society," similar to r ~the rShakesperian aba m & i f m f f i u And now the world—the talkifig wd writing portion—are having an innings, oYgr jceligfyus and other b<jU«l$:ir(Sfehat; is principally required to enlistl the sympathies and. chouse >the "^lthuaksiA* of the ordinary man^—and woman too 'for that matter—is to find & subject that possesses feeling and uncertaintyi , dSfii^Ser^FlS^! "^Uif doubtedly it is most uncertwn, ant die deserving of a certain amount of respect as being apparently the cults of a multitude of people. Though they ^^^^^^^^^dglits OVTIR the line tliflt Shdts out otfr intmdnini hiimcinifrier creepy: out—tnev present a to sophy mav be a remote and uno nrtable is a {iledsaiit psychical pleasure, fpethap^ in, dissecting ,ttti£Sei^ • slnd in differentiating one's de£i?e body, and other developments, to say nothing of the possibilities of attainment befoire reaching that high degree. Anyhow, to r .the >mind; pressed ; down with miiteriil. |(ettiba^^«n«ntei. Theosoply finds a road of eseajHJ. The same with, Spiptualisin., ; There; is tiothing ! spiHtd»" t fiUBttt the ; age wS . live,, in, that is .iViiV it lends itself to spiritualsth. Wlien^there" is a creepy indication we accept the symptom, and the feeling ot trust we have in the conversation of spirits from therf«|MA elsewhere is preseup a natural of. re-action things f. A mire. bodduig ac- ^ iiiateiialised/ or a ghost even is a source of satisfaction to a nature that , .craves for th mysterious. So far from people wondering at the boon at present in Thopspphy," iSmritnalism Inp. \ other 'ijk is ^sRfii^ merely a*iSfi-ottto the tntensi1y -«[ Hhe strain of natural causes. Anyhow, we do not think there is much in the present agitation to make one fear for the permanency of the orthodox. 