Ti... IV.-flg. 'It is for the i . time." she whdm pered. Dumbly eves toI evrs this was the truth. Always inevii,: ),it had itosiai t last. After to-nig;' 1f/ere was to be no future in common. A; yet neither has said the word that each is think ing of. "Good-brel" A little word tohols so much of p'::!. "To forgetl" short sentence t. illustrate the impos sible. "Not Yet!" A prayer for re prieve. "The end!" A foturoleai hour which embraces Past and Present. rTh rose i:' dead," says he, as a show or of petals fell at his feet. Miechan ically removing the broken stem from his button-hole, he added-"and-the word is said." "It has been a most sweet chapter in our lives," said she, with downoast eyes. "I would not have missed it," replied he-"though we may never add-" "To be continued." And a tear sto g softly over her cheek Each had lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would be loft of what had been all. Alas! That the books of men's lives should be writ ten in the sand, and that the tides of the years leave not oven a trace. A strange emptiness fills the might. Other nights shall come ghost-haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances-of sweet replies to old immortal questionings. She stands beside him, her lips quiv. eriog with agony suffered for his sake. His eyes are filled with pitying tears foa kwo broke.- lives-their own. Alas! or the nights brimming with happy silences under the stars. The shaded lamp is burning out. The hour has some. Words are poor things. "Did I bring my cane?" And his trembling hand reaches into a shadowy sorner. "Yes; here it is," replied she. "Good night." "Good night" Each knows that it is a good-bye. A caress. A sigh. A sob. The door closes. His rapid footsteps are )peodily lost to her listening ear. Yes, It is over. The darkness swallows him from sight. A murky flash. He is lighting his cigarette. And she? She slowly rearranges her ruffled bangs as she murmurs, with i yaiwn: - "I wonder what time he'll come up to-morrow night!" They have bid each other an eternal harewell before.. 