[?] : WARDEN. .?-' PAI BM; It l« »!7 i'iornr«,«qof *n«t( tnat ? ,.«f lly«v« :i'n lUe rivi»r ] ton* fnli -iia;thf 'biM of -he rock on( -which U M^pd^ Kud^bt1 little tiab-j Inghoats^ with , their ivd-brown, J j»&tcbe3;'* VoHk, Tewlm: down on . the tide to- tti6-eti* - But when the tide Jias~?otf out,*'^ the inud-banka fill' the xiver s bed tn a long grey line to tbe now di taut wi^the old town,1 witli its norm*, «teep streets o£j emal^ clo*e»park(»(l houses, crowned. witli.Vhe low -qtiaro tower of the( an--jeni, church, looks desolate in deorl, ^ i)d thought Ned BXarix as, on a chillj*, November afternoon, be «*ade his 'Whyi .elowljr up into the town from ihftiatAtion, thrsnpb a drizzle of rAin;Vu'bi.ch tnade the rough stones slippery, and pattered -lown from the,overhaogibg eaves of the houses. This Mas fain first visit to Rye, and he -seemed likely to 'get no enthu siastic weleojne. He had asked his way to ' the best inn/' and having been^told rather pointedly ' that the principal hotel was 4 Tjie Ball ' in the High-fairest/' perceived that he had gone near. to', wounding the town's ?uetfoptibilities, and that in losing its importance it had cot lost Its digfrity. . I i Ne^-was.ai least able to thank the ' fates* '? however, that ' The Bull ' prov6d. to.be no resplendent modern hostelrys ' re-erected with all modern, improvements,' bat a plain and by ho means extensive building whioh fully carried out the promise held forth in its advertisement in the guide book, M Tuw house bas for many yean enjoyed the repnte . of being clean, sweet, and coin- 1 fortable.' The. very , first steps he , made along the narrow entrance1 'passage raised his spirits. A fresh. ! faced countrywoman stood at the door of a room on the Tight ; at the j end of the passage he «av a cosy, ) old-fashioned bar ; a huge grand. ' fathetV clock ticked loudly eome- ! .wherein the dim recesses of oak panelled passagfec in the back ground. 41 Good-day, M aaid he to the wait* rees. The very fact that th»re was 00 dingy waiter about warmed one's ?onL 44 Can I bave something to eat f A chop, anything/' 1 ' Yes, sir. This way, if you please, sir.*' j She was quite peremptory in her manner as she divorted him from his . purpose of entering the room, on the right, and insisted on his going into the coffee- room on the left. Ned felt that ehe was too autocratio. For in that apartment on the right, which bore the words 'Commercial Room,'* and into which, therefore, as a public room, he had every right to go, there was a big well filled book case* and— a golden-haired jrirL ; Now Ned was an artist, and en dowed, like other artists, with bus- j ceptibilities as to golden hair which j 'made even a tinge of flaxen or ^auburn a joy to him. The hair he had just seen made him long to get — ? - at his palette $ he felt that he mast :see that girl, he mast know her, he Lmnst paint her if he bad to stay in jBye six months to do it. Mean while he was in the tiny coffee room waiting for hie dinner, with nothing better than last week's local ^newspaper to amnse himself with, 1 | He wonld go and ask the golden- ! haired young lady for a book. So 1 :he crossed the passage into the com- ' ?meroialroom. | j The girl, who was Bitting close under the bookcase studying a volume open on her knee, looked up. Something in her very glance showed at osoe that ehe was adorably unused to meeting strangers. She was not ?hy. or awkward, but she was sur prised. i 'If yon want anything will yon please ring - the bell in tbe coffee room, and the waiters will come,' The words Were a snub, bnt the grey eyes were kind. Ned. retreated to the door, but said humbly — ' I beg yonr pardon. But I came to ask if yon would be kind enough to lend me a -book.' ' I am snre Mrs. Richmond will. I'll go and aisk her/' Oh dear, tbis was not what he had wanted . at alij a portly landlady deicending' npon him, with open auspicious as to the genniness of his avidity for literature 1 ^ 44 Pray ilon't take that tronble,' aaid Ned. She was already at tbe door. But before she could open it, the waitress bad entered in search of the traveller. ? 'Vour chop is .ready for yon in the coffee room, air,' she said, rather severely. ' Oh, Martha, is Mrs. Richmond im P This gentleman wants a book.' . Martha looked at him sharply. '?Mrs. 'Richmond ' is out, bat I'm «ure youVl be very welcome to a book, if there's any there will suit yon.1' ' I should like some local history, if then is such a thing— eome book that tells about the old places in and around the town, and the stories told of them.*' 'The stories I' echoed the golden bsiced girl, with a laugh j 'yoa must ask Martba herself for those. She knows . mors than tbe books : tsll/r ' , v in »nv«*K- v'» v iup. Ma nothing much to tell any ^ A®dy,Wv'prj-f«itea Martha, aoften v r exactly what I like to goMlp,' said Jfe'd. ' Wliafc B*y about a house or a ©' i^hnMVw&aeneeB; one's thought. a, | lt,&iHl; gires it a special \- . «tmo*pliare. And that i* everything ; iouB painters.' C' T ?; . '.Oh,*1® J00 an artiet I' asked tbe young laaj. win . »«»»? father .%raa jbefure r- . He thiol:* just of the stories ; and he ^^^?n^tee 'jabont t them too. Ho 'ay» )*»t Intallifrfliit oeraon can tead with ^SS^^|gi^2-5ii^onld iiotltare been ? 8^^£m^ittijm%B^^lanoed atMartha, aa too «ommoni B.Bt tBa jrait -ererr rlneb of liW acd nnb^i.t accora Ingly. I « And .1 .may mab^ boldw tp. say j Tve helped ;Mr.^Hehnell^ too,1* 'she said. 'JFpr^I was /with him nearly tbreo hoars the other day, telling him word for word, as it was told^o. me,, t^b atory 'of .the ibiirderB at thh Old Mermaid. V, ' = . ...i I ' ** Murders at .the Old Mermaid*'.-; echoed Ned, with voluptuous enjoy- ' ment. Tell ine . too, please. I love - a good murder, especially-if : it's not . too ancient. . How old is yours f- j 41 Why, they both of them fcsp* ' pened in my time. -' Tve been iters nine years. j no waiirew, wno wb» eviuonvi* » personosfe of importance in the. Inn, with extensive powers, wwt molting. She advanced to the fire, stirred .the coals into a roaring blaze, and wheeled a chair round for the gentle man. Ned took his seat with bis back to the xnarky afternoon day light, where he could from time to. time ca*t a slyly admiringiglanoe-at the demure young girl in the corner. 41 Well,' Martha began, ' we don't el tray* call thera murders. For to #ay truth, they were fflori than murders — tbey were mysteries. There's a couple of very old houses i in Rve that were onice an ion, called , ?The . . Mermaid.' That was long | before. my time. . When I first came j to Rye 'the place'had been empty and j neglected, end all 'to pieces for nigh ; ou two years. Then it mis .done up and divided into two houses, for it was too big for anyone about hers to take as it was. And one bouse was token by a shoemaker, a most respectable man, .with, a wife and feroity, who have it now. ;Tbe other house didn't go off for a hit, and at last they turned it into a hospital. But one night!— it was abont Christ mas time, I remember,-esd the vicar preached about it, and .it cast a_dqmp-_ over everything — a poor man that was lying in'onfc of the Tootns 'wltli wl broltsn- leg, shrieked out for~belp. Before the nurse that was in charge could get to the room. However, ths poor fellow was dead.' It was foand that he had been choked by a great piece of;' plaster Tike' that' they do ceilings. , with. Ths, question was: wihollidd done -it? f There was nobody - about ,.the; house except this nurse, and a wbman lying in another roorp, (wh'o wtf paralysed, and could not Jeave.her bed. Then again, w^iere ^id the plaster come from ? There 'WSs'ho ceiling*lo any one of the rooms ; the timbers wore just whitewashed, and there was no plastgrr used, so - tfae . piece found in Mb. throat .could not ..have.. fallen, from the roof into his mouth while he slept, - someone suggested; Well. -it -was -« mystery, -and -thers^ was an end of it, at least, so ws thought. Then that room was not used again for a long time. But in October of the year after there was a great storm, 1 and a shipwrecked .crew of a fishing smack were brought into Rve. There being nobody in the hospital at the time, the poor fellows were pat up there. You see, tbey were strangers, and had never heard the story. Just picture to yourself what we all felt next day when we found that one of the men had died in the night in I sxaotly ths same way as the first. | There were two other men sleeping j in the room, who were wakened by | bearing their comrade chokihg and gasping for breath. They could just 1 see him in the darkness, 90 they said, struggling with a woman in black, who wavedher arms about' over him and disappeared, leaving him stark ; dead. Never was such a sensation known in Rye before or since. The place was haunted, eo everyone said. It was a curious thing though, if it was a ghost that did these murders, that a por6e which the sailor bad by his pillow, and which held two sovereign*, had ^disappeared. Of course obe of his companions :? may. have'etolen it; hint then it was' they who gave the information that he bad this money ..upon him. Then the poor people next door were sus pected, because the attic over the hospital was part of their .premise V being used by the shoemaker as a store-place. But besides that.be and: bin family were known to be honest and as harmless as doves, there wsh uo way by which any human being could force himeelf between the rafters. So there the matter ended, and I don't suppose the house will ever lot again.' 'Well, I confess that .even, the excitement of trying to ferret but the mystery woold bardly tempt me i to a place with such associations,' ! said Ned, rising reluctantly from the comfortable arm chair. ** But . you can tell me where I shall be 1 likely to find a conple of rooms, both very clean, and one very large, in which'' ! I can take up my quarters for two or three months ?'* Martha shook hor head. ' You had best etav here sir T think ' she saia. 'There ore no lodgings that I know of ' in Rys wnxen wouia suit a gentleman.* ' I shall have to find some to suit ? me though,' said Ned. 44 1 can't ; afford hotels. I shall be oot sketch ing all day, so it really doesn't much matter what the accommodation is like. I must be off on the tramp to look tor tbem now, oetore it is uarir. May I leave my bag here until I am settled P The rest of my things I left at the station.' Martha at once gave the required permission j and Ned, taking leace of her and of tbe golden-haired Miss Hennell, went forth reluctantly into the dreary turcots of tho old town. It was already nearly dark, and the rain was now falling heavily, rush ing down the steep ntreels as if they bn«l been only guttern, and. splash ins up round the unhappy stranger at every. step, lie found his search, an Martha bail predicted, dilBcult in deed; nobody seemed to let lod# ing«, at Iea*t nobody who looked cl*»an, and wbo had lees than six ,bnbies. Before his wanderings were over it was so dark that bp could hot;' read tbe names ot, theatreetii.i jit Ja«t, however, his saw in a window, a card with the words, 'Furnished, lodgiug*, apply at No. 3.' i r j With *oms difficulty, for the houses were not numbered, he found No. -IS. A britrht- faced vounir woman, with a baby in her arms, I opened the door, and,' on learning what bs wantsd, fetched the key, and trotted . over . to the shut-up house with: ?r-*ajb alacrity. As hs followed -her Ned got a better view o- tue exrenor ot toe aouse, aoa was.! delighted by what he saw. Both j the shut-up house and the one next j to It had their «iipcr-*torey« built of j timber £ each r«»'in of the two lower : storeys was lighted by a lattice window from snd to end. Kach bad too pointed overhanging gables, and both were roofed with tiles. The young artist's heart glowed within him; ifhs had searched for « weak he could hot -have found a dwelling mors to his-mind. ** How is it that this splendid old pi a os is shut upP ' he asked, an his conductfeft turned; fjuukey in.Jtne U I /. - Hi ni'T- ;? I ? ;V Be^auM there's^ ?powi homses id Rye tfca'n there's ^people to liVo in '«mrl'*upp0se^**«he'*a'fl^wiwd~ 'Villi a laugh, as ehe led the way through the narrow and bare entrance-passago . into a large- ropjjij ou th© right. 41 It's all quite clean,'1 tihe con tinued. 41 It's me who has charge of . the place.aud I *weptitoiit uuly two days ago. Dear, dear, I ought t-» have brought a light! If you'll wait here, sir, I'll fetch one.' Ned did not want to see anything more before making up his mind. The great low-coilingoa room, with its -.long .window and wide ;wit:dvw seat, its enormous old-fanbioned hearth, in. which ,-a tiny modern grate looked oddly out of plnce, wers bo many irresistible- charms to him. The scantiness of the furni ture did' . not matter1 to him 4 hb wanted space, air, and light, aud the?e he hiadlin Abundance. : . 41 Stay,'' he said, as the woman was running off. l4I ehall take the place, if yon will get somebody to ao my cooking and!' bl4auirig, ' fend ' it you don't want the rent of Bucking ham Palace.' The woman ehook her bead, and laughed again. 44 What do you eay to seven shil lings a week, sir ?' J 44 I ehould say it was not ruin ous.' 41 And I could do for you myelf, i. sir, if you're not too particular about ';the cooking.' j 44 I'm not. You shall do for me. -{Will you please begin l-y making : tne d fire!, ?fcu&:g*tling'ms-a couple of ! candles, and lending me a kettle P : I'm a very accomplished fellow, and ; oan make mv own tea.' | In less than halt an hour Ned had i fetched his bag from ' The Bull ' ' and tbe rest of hia luggage from the ! station, and waV sitting in the high I wooden rocking chair before the ; ' fire, already wishing tbat the grate ; ; were a little bigger, and that he had a companion i.n. that )-ig room. | The picturs^qie/ and/ ' romantio : ' always have another side — a lone some and uncanny side. There were noises in the rafters ; wooden wains- I .coting. . ^has^, ra .habit of creaking | and 'cracking; ola houses' have nooks and crannies made for \--the wind to whistle in. Ned listened to those noises, and to the pattering of the rain on the latticed panes, and wondored ; whether the .Street was always as : empiy and deserted) as it seemed to be to- night. *11© bad thought he ' should be bo cosy in the wide chim iney corner, but instead be found it draughty enough to make bis hair stand on end. At last he got up, and for.-th'e-first time made a tour of j the premise#. There were four rooms, ; two upstairs and two on tho ground floor. His sitting room was tbe only one. that. contained .a fireplace.,, end ; only two out of the four could be ' i called furnished. There7 was no 1 garden, but there was an untidy yard with a huge rain tub at the back of ' the house. The feeling that there was some thing gruesome about the placo j grew stronger upon him as he I passed from the one to the other ! of the upper rooms and heard the ) wind howling above him. There must surely be an attic overhead, I ' he thought, for the wind to make i that noise ! And then he remem ' bered that he bad seen from the street the window of a second 'storey?— the one with the gablpv ? But where 'was the way up into the attic?. There was no staircase, so ladder; ? j . Ana t&sn; toliowed quickly ; another thought, so ugly, so un j welcome that he felt wet and cold ? as it passed through his mind. That .. oia inn, ** xne Mermaid,' where the two men bad died so mysteriously, had an attic which belonged to the : adjoining house T Was this ths 1 very bouse P He would go over to Mrs. Rudge at No. 3, or, better still, he would go back to 41 The Bull'' . and satisfy himself on this point. The next moment, howevor, he pulled himself together, and eoouted these euggAstionb of jweak'nese. lie would not have chosen, certainly, to take up his abode in a house v-ith. such an ugly history as that of ' The Mermaid;' but if be had onwit tingly done so, hs was not going to . show funk over it now. N«d re turned to his sitting-room, however, in a much less comfortable frame of mind than that in which -be had leit it. He tried Slo keep up hid spirits by whistling/and to nmuse himself by unpacking and arranging a few books on the shelves, with which tho walls of ths big room were liberally provided. ' But that tock a very short time, aud a long evening still remained to be got through. The:raln«auie down more heavily j the wind was growing more boisterous.: Ned eat down' in his rocking-chair, tried to get in terested in a book, and finally, being very tired, fell into a doze, during which he was haunted by fcyerisb, fragmentary dreams, in all bf which' the actual sounds going . ou around him, tbe dropping of the ashes from tho fire, the cracking of the .w^ins ooting, the windj 'the rain, end the gnawing of the mice played a part. The candles hurtled down to their sockets, and lie'.-ered out; the lire , grew low ai;U it.'imelons. ! Suddenly a bur^t of cold air swept j through the room and awoke him. A cloud, of 'amoke, beaten down by the draught, rushed across from the ciiimntsy to tbe open' door, almost blading Ned, who sprang up from the. rucking chair with .a cry,. . There before bim, plainly to bs seen through the smoke, by tbe dull glow of tho lire, .was the phantom of which he had been dreaming, tbe phantom which haunted tbe old ' Mermaid ' — the lady in black with the w&rin;? arms ! (Ib be continued, ) Tto Itslnn whp had the nooor of ieteh ing-JforgetU. the violin, on befog kekedby hiffijjsl^pppil vhstjupgisas bp waa mak ti-g, obstrfed j—.f'PJeaii Jyonx '? &sjeity;, there are three classes ol players— 1, those who cannot play at oil; 2, those wbo play bsdlr; 8, those wbo play well. Tour Majesty is iu«t risinp into tbe second class.' 