SONS OF FIRE. BY MIS 3 Bit ADD ON. Author of "Lady Audley'e Sooret," "The Fatal Throe," "The Day will Gome," "Tha Dootor'a Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XX. A WUITC STAB MADS OF MBMOnt LONG AGO. Id would never do. Those words of Martha's so earnestly spoken by the kind soul who oared for ma almost as tenderly as a mother cares for her own, haunted me all through the rapid run to Cambridge, walked the quadrangles of Trinity with me, tramped the Trumpmgton-road upon my shoulders like that blank oare which sits behind the traveller. ' It would never do.' No need to ask my good Martha for the meaning of that einphatio assertion. I knew what shape her thoughts had taken as she watched me sittiug by the little square pi-mo — the old, old piano, with such a thin tinkling sound, listening to that seraphio voice, and looking at that dslioate profile ana exquisite oolouring of faintly flushed oheek, lifted eye, and shadowy hair. My old nurse had surprised my sejret almost before I know it inyiielf; but by tho time I was baok in my shabby ground-door sitting-room at Trinity, I knew as well as Martha kuew that I had let myself fall deep in love with a girl whom I could never marry with my mother's approbation, I might take my own way in life and marry the girl I loved; but to do so would be to forfeit my mother's affection, to make myself an outoast from her house. "'I know what kind of a lady your mother is,' said Martha, in her valedictory address. " Was I, her sou, likely to bs ignorant of the-mother's character, or unable to gauge the strength of her prejudices — prejudioes tha aeraied so thndfi a -part of hor nature as to form a strong argument against Looke's asser tion that there are no innate ideas ? Indeed in reading that philosopher's famous chapter it always seemed to me that if the average infant had to begin the A B 0 of life at. the first letter my mother must have been bora with her brain richly stocked with family pride and social distinctions. In all thei years I have lived with her I had never seen "her unbend-to a servant or converse with equal terms with a tradesman. She had a full appreciation of the value of wealth when it was allied with good birth; but the millionaire manufacturer or the lueky specu lator belonged to that outercircleof whion she know nothing, and of which.sbe would believe no good. "I was her only son ; and she was a widow. I owed her more than most eons owe their mothgrs. I did not stand as number four or live ina family circle, taking my share in the rough and tumble of family life. My mother had been all in all to me, and I had bBen all in all to her. I had bBen her friend and com panion from the timo I was able to understand the English language, the reoipient of all her ideas, her likos and dislikes— from that early etage wheu the childish mind unoonsoiously takes shape aud bent from the mind of the parent theohiid loves best. From my seventh year I was fatherless, and all that is sacred and sweet in home-life bogan and ended for me with the word mother. " My m it hor was what Ge'rald Standish oalled 'a masterful woman,' a woman to whom it was natural to dirnot and initiate the ' whole businms of life. My father was her ! opposite in temperament — irresolute, lym phatic ; and I think he must have handed her the reins of homo government before their honeymoon w»B over. I remember just well enough to remember that he left the direction of his fife wholly to her ; that ho do'erred to her judgment and studied her feelings in every detail of his existenoe; and that be ob- , viously adored her. I don't think he cared very muob for me, his only child. I oan recall no indication of warmth of feeling on his part, only a placid indifference, as of one whose affeotion was oonoentrated upon a eingle objeot, and whose heart had no room for Bny other image. He spoke of me as ' the boy,' and looked at me occasionally with an air of J mild wonder, as if I were somebody else's eon, whose growth took him by surprise, I never remember his expressing any opinion about me, exoept that 1 had grown since he i looked at me last. " His feeling about me being thus tepid, it waB hardly surprising that he should make what ln.my people have oalled an unjust will. I have never disputed its justice, for I loved my mother too much to complain of the ad- 1 vantages of power aud status whioh that will gave her. "She was an heiress, and her money had oleared my father's estate from considerablo enoumhranoes, and no doubt he remembered this when providing for her future. He was her senior by five-andtweuty years, and foresaw a long widowhood for her. ] "The entail ended in bis own person, so ho was free to dispose of his property as lie liked. He left my mother tenant for life; and ho left me five hundred a year, chargeable to bis estate, which inoome was only to begin when I came of age. Till my one-and-twsntieth j birthday I was dependent upon my mother for everything. " I told myself that I had to out out my path in lifo, and that I must be the arobitoct of my own fortune. "My mother's income under her marriage settlement was considerable, and this, in addition to a rent-roll of between two and three thousand a year, made her a rich woman. " Assuredly I was not in a position to make an imprudent marriage, since my power to maintain a wife and family in accord with my ownideaof agentleman'ssurroundingsmustde pend for a considerable time upon my mother's liberality, I had made up my mind to go to the Bar, and I knew bow slow and hazardous is thu road to eucoess in that branoh of the legal profession; but far nearer than mere questionsof interest was the obligation whioh filial love laid upon me. My mother bad given me the devotion of years, had mado me the chief objuot of her thoughts aud her hopes, and I should be au ungrateful wretoh if I were to disappoint her. I knew, alas 1 that upon this very question of marriage she cherished a project that it would distress her to forego, aud that there was a oercain Lady Kmily whom I was intended to marry, the daughter of a nobleman who had bseD my father's most intimate friend, and for whom my mother had a greater regard for than any of our neighbours. " Knowing this, and wishiug with all my heart to do mv duty as a son to the beat of mothers, I oould not but echo Martha's solemn words— "' lb would never do." "No, 'it would ueverdo.' The seraphio voice, the spiritual countenance, the appealing helplessness, wb:ch had bo moved my pity, must be to uie as a dream from wliioh I had awakend. B 'peranza's fate must rest hence forward with herself, aided by hoDeat Martha, and helped through Martha from my purse. I must never see her again. No word had been spoken, no hint had been given, of the lore wliioh it was my bounden duty to conquer and forget. I could contem plate the inevitable reuunoiation with a clear conscience. "I worked harder in that term than I had worked yet, and shut my door agiinst all the allurements of undergraduate friends and all the pleasures of university life. II was voted ohurliab and a muff; but I found my books the best oure for an unhappy lovo; and though the image of Miss Campbell was oftener with me than the learned shade of Newton or the later ghost of Whewell, I contrived to do some reellv good work. " My mother and I wrote to each other onos a week. She expected me to send her a budget of gossip and opinion, and it was only this term that I began to feel a difficulty in filling two sheets of nitepaper with my niggling penmanship. For the first time in my life I found myself sitting, pen tn hand, with nothing to say to my mother. I oould not write about Bsperaczs or the passionate yearning which I was trying to outlive, I could hardly expatiate upon my mathematical studies to a woman who, although highly cul tivated, knew nothing of mathematics. I eked out iny letter as best I could, with a laboured criticism upon a feeble novel which I had idly ekiiniued in au hour of meutal exhaustion. " I looked forward apprehensively to my home-going iu December, feariug that some change in my outward aspect might betray the mystery of my heart. The holiday, once so pleasant, would be long and dull. The shooting would afford some relief perhaps, and I made up my mind to tramp the plantations all day. At Cambridge I I had shirked physical exerciseI iu Suffolk I would walk down my sorrow, "A letter from my mother, which reaohed me early in December, put an end to thBse resolves. She had bsen somewhat out of health all through November ; and her looal medical man, who was old and pa«se, had only tormented her with medicines wliioh made tier worse. She lied therefore deoidod, at Miss Marjorum's earnest desire, upon spend ing my vacation - in Xiondon; and Jebaon, her trusty major - domo, had been up to town and had found her delightful lodgings on the north side of Hyde Park. She would await me, notatPendyke, but in Oonnaughs plaoe. " Oonnaughb-plaoe — within less than an hour's walk of Great Ormoni-street! My heart beat fast and furieusly at the mere thought of that propinquity. Marthah latest letter had told tne that all attempts at finding a situation for my protcgde had so far been without result. Martha and her charge had visited all the agenoies for the placing of governesses and companions, and no agent had succeeded in placing Fsperanza. Her education was far bslow the requirements of the least exooting employer. She knew very little French ' and no German ; she played exquisitely, but ehe played by ear; of the theory of musio she knew hardly anything. Her father, an enthusiast and a dreamer, had filled her with ideas, but had taught her nothing that could help her to earn a living. "* Don't you fret about her, Mr. Gnorge,' wrote Martha. ' As long as I have a roof over my head she aan make her home with me. Her bite and sup makes hardly any difference in tho week's expanses. I'm ouly sorry for her sake that she isn't clever enough to get into a nice family in some pretty country house, like Fendyke. It's a dull . life for her here — a back parlour to live in, and two old people for her only oom paniona. "I thought of the small dark parlour in the Bloomsbury lodging-house, the tinkling old piano, the dull grey street; a weary life for a girl of poetio temperament reared in the country. That letter of Martha's, and the faot of being witbin an easy wak of Great Ormpnd etreet broke down my resolution of the last two months. I called upon Martha and her charge on the morning after I left Cambridge. I thoughtKipsranza looked wan and out of health, and could bub mark how tba pale, sad faoe flushed and brightened at sight of me. We were alone for a few minutes, while Martha' interviewed a butaher, and I seized the opportunity. I said I feared she was not altogether happy. Only unhappy in being a burden to my friends, ehe told me. She was depressed by Gnding her own uselessuese. Hundreds of young women were earning their living as governesses, but no one would employ her. "'No lady will even give me atrial, she. said. ' I'm afraid I must look very stupid.' " ' You look very lovely,'I answered hotly. 'They want a ooraraouer clay.' " I implored her to believe that she was no ! burden to Martha or to me. If Bhe oould be content to live that dull and joyless life she was at least Becure of a safe and respeotable home; and if she oared to oarry on her educa tion something might be done in the way of masters; or she might attend some classes in Hatley-street or elsewhere. "She turned rod and then pale, and I saw tears trembling on her long auburn lashes. "' I am afraid I am unteaohable,' she faltered with downcast eyes. 'Kind Indies at Besbery tried to teach ine ; but it was no use. My mind always wandered. I could not keep my thoughts upon the book I was reading or on what they told me. Mi»B Grunshaw, who wanted to help me, said I was incorrigibly idle and atrociously obstinate. But, indeed, it was not idleness or obstinaoy that kept me from learning. I could not force myself to think or to remember. My thought's would only go their own way ; and 1 oared for nothing but music, or for the poetry my father used to tead to me some times of an evening. I am afraid Miss Grim sbaw was right, and that I ought to be a dressmaker.' "I glanced at the hands whioh lay loosely clasped upon the arm of the ohair iu whioh she was sitting. Such delicately tapering fingers were never meant for the dressmaker's workroom. The problem of Esperanza's life was not to bs solved that way. "I did not remain long on this first morn ing; but I went again two days afLerwords, and again, until it csmo to be every day. Martha grumbled and warned me of ray danger and of the Wrong done to EnporaDza, if I were to make her aare for me, " 'I don't think there's inucb fear of that,' nddod Martha. ' She's too much in theolouds. It's you I'm afraid of. You and I know who mamina wants you to marry, don't us, Mr. George?" "I could not gainsay Mar ha upon this point. Lady Emily and I had lidden the same rooking-horee ; she riding pillion with arms clasped round my waist, while I urged the boast to his wildest pace. We bad taken tea out of the same toy tea things — her tea things—and before I was fifteen years of age my mother told me that she was pleased to see I was so fond of Emily, and hoped that she and I would be husband and wifo some day in the serious future, just as we were little lovers now in the childish present. "I remember laughing at my mother's speech, and thinking within myeelf that Emily and I hardly realized my juvenile idea of lovers. The romantic element wasentirely wanting in our assooiation. When I talked of Lady Einily later to Gerald Standish I remember I described her as 'a good sort,' and discu-sed her excellent quali ties of mind and temper with au unem barrassed freedom which testified to a heart that was at psaoe. " I felt more mortified than I would have oared to confess at Martha's blunt assuranos that Esperanza was too much in the clouds to care about me; and it may be that this remark of ray old nurse's gave just the touch of pique that acted as a spur to passion, I know ever after two or three afternoons in Great Ormond-street I felt that I loved this girl as I oould never love again, and that henoofor ward it would be impossible for me to ooutem plate the idea of life without her. The more fondly I loved her the less demonstrative I became, and my growing reserve threw dust in the elderly eyes that watobed us. Martha believed that her warning had taken effect, and she so tar oontided in ray discretion as to allow me to take Esperanza for lamp-lit walks in the Ulooin- ihury-squareB after our oosv tea drinking in the little back parlour. The tea driukiog and the walk beoamo an institution. Martho'e rheumatics had made walking exer cise impossible for her during the last mouth. Uenjamiu was fat and lazy. " ' If I didn't let the poor child go out with you she'd hardly get n breath of fresh air all the winter. Aud I know that I oau trust you, Mr. George,'said Martha. " 'Yes, you can trust me,'answered I . " She might trust mo to breathe no word of evil into the ear of her I loved. She could trust me to revere the childlike innooenoe wluoh was my darling's highest charm. She oould trust me to be loyal and true to Espe ranza. Bub she oould not trust me to be wordly wise, or to saorifioo ray own happinenB to filial affeotion. The time oame when I had to set my love for Esperanza against my duty to my mother and my own interests. Duty and interest kicked the beam.' "Oh! thosa squares! those old , Bloom-, : J bury-aquarea, with their formal rows of win*:' dows and monotonous iron railipgsand «tately : ':ip doorways, and olean doorsteps, and enclosures ^ of trees whose blackened branohes showed, .'##; leafless against the steely sky of a frosty' evening! WhatgroveB orebreamB Of Paradise 1 *<'. could be fairer to ua than the dull pavements whioh we paced arm-in-arm in the wintry greyness, telling each other those thoughts and fanoies whioh seemed In their intuitive sympathy to mark us for predestined life ' V< oompanions. Her thoughts were childishly expressed sometimes; but it eeemedto me always as if they were only my thoughts in a ;■ feminine guise. Nothing that she evereaid " ever jarred upon me; and her ignorauoe of the world and all its ways suggested some . * nymph or fairy reared in the seclusion of woodland or ocean aave. I thought of Endy ald mion, and I fanoied that his goddess oonli have been eoaroely less of the earth than this fair girl who walked beside me, confiding in me like a childlike faith. "One night I told her that I loved her. We had etayed out later tbBn usual. The clock of St. George's Ohuroh was striking 9, and in the shadowy quiet of Queen's square my lips met hers in love's first kiss. How shyly aud how falteringly she confessed her own eeoret, so oarefully guarded till that moment. " ' I never thought you could oare for a poor ' girl like me,' she said ; ' but I loved you from the first. Yes, almost from the very, first. My heart Beamed frozen after my father's death, and your voice was the first that thawed it. The dull benumbed feeling gradually passed away, and I knew that I had some one living to love and oare for and think about as I sat alone. I had a world of thonghts to interweave with the musio I love.' "' Ah, that musio, Eqisranza! I amalmostN jealous of musio when I see you so moved and. influenced by it.' '"Musio would have been my only oonao tion if you had not oared for me,' she answered simply. " 1 But I do care for you, and I want you to be my wife now at onoe—as soon as we oau be'mart-ied.' " I talked about an immediate marriage before the Registrar. But, willing as she was to be guided by me in most things, she would not consent to this. '"It would not seem like marriage to kip,' she said, ' if we did not stand before the altar.' " ' Well, it shall be a ohuroh, then ; only we shall have to wait longer. A.nd I must go back to Cambridge at the end of this week. I must get an exeat and oome up to London on our wedding-day end take you home in the evening. I shall have a quiet home ready for my darling, out of the way of dons and undergraduates, but within a walk of Trinity.' " I explained to tier that our marriage must be a seoret till I oame of age next year, or till ^(""Sould find a favourable opportunity of breaking the faot to my mother. '"Will she mind? Will she be angryT asked Esperanza. "'Not when she oomos to know you, dear . love.' ' "Well as I knew my mother's character X. was infatuated enough to believe what I said. Where was the heart so-atbny that could not warm to thatfair and gentle creature? Where the pride so stubborn wliioh that tender in fluence could not bend ?' " 1 put up the banns at the ohurcb of St, George the Martyr, assured that Martha's rheumatism and Benjamin's lethargio temper would prevent either of them attending the morning service on any of the fateful Sun days. If Martha went to ohuroh at all she crept there in the evening after tea. She liked the gaslights and the evening warmth, the short prayers and the long sermon, and she met her own class among the con gregation. I felt tolerably safe about the banns. " Had my mother been in good health it would have been difficult for mo to spend so mauy of my evenings away from home; but the neuralgio affeotion which had troubled her in Suffolk had not been subjugated by Dr. Gull's treatment, and she passed a good deal of her life in her own rooms, and in serai-dark ness miniBtered to by a lady who had been a member of our household ever since my father's death, and whose presence bad been the only drawhack to my home happiness. "This lady was my mother's governess— Miss Marjorum—a woman of considerable brain power, wide knowledge of English and German literature, aud a etyle of pianoforte playing whioh always bad the effect of cold water down my back. And yet Mise Marjo rum played oorreotly. She introduoed no diBoords into that bard, dry musio, which seemed to roe to have been written expressly" for her hard and preoise fiuger tips, bony knuckles, aud broad, strong band, with a thumb which she boasted of as reeemblingThal berg's. In a difficult aud complicated move ment Miss Marjoruiu's thumb worked wonders. It was ubiquitous ; it turned under and over, and rapped out sharp stacoato notes in the midst of presto runs, or held rigid semi breves while tho aotive fingers fired volleys of chords or raced the bass with lightning tiiplets. In whatever entanglement of florid ornament Lfizt or Thalberg bad wrapped up a melody, Miss Mar jorum's thumb could search it out and drum it into her auditors. " Miss Marjorum was on the wrong aide of fifty, She had a squat figure and a masculine countenanoe, and ber voioe was deep and strong, like the voice of a man. She dressed with astudious sobriety m a ark ciothoringroy alpaoa, according to the seasons, and in the evening she generally wore plaid poplin, whioh ruled her square, squat figure into smaller squares. I have observed an affinity between plain peoplo and plaid poplin. " Miss Marjorum was devoted to my mother; and antagonietio as her nature was to me in all things, and blighting as was her in fluence upon the fond dream of my youth, I am bound to reoord that ehe was conscientious in carrying out her own idea of duty. Her idea of duty unhappily included no indulgence for youthful impulses, and she disapproved of every independent aot of mine. " My evening absenoeB puzzled her. "11 wonder yon oan like to be oat nnarl every evening when your mother ie so ill," she remarked rtvemly, on my return to Oon naught-place after that glimpse of paradise in Quean-square. " ' If f could be of any use to my mother by staying at borne, you may be sure I should not be out, Miss Marjorum,'1 replied rather stiffly.' "'It would be a satiefaction to your mother to know you were under her roof, even when she is obliged to be resting quietly in her ewa room.' "' Unfortunately my mathematical ooaoh lives under another roof, and I have to accom modate myself to his hours.' " This was sophistication; but it was true that I read mathematics with an ex- senior wrangler in South Kensington ever; other day. "'Do you spend every evening with your ooaoh? 'atkod Miss Marjorum, looking up sud §y;-deidy from her needlework, and fixing me; ; &.#rith ier cold grey eye. . SS5Certainly not. You knowthe old saw— : S^'Allwork and no play'"—— a^; ?-'indiK>iK«JoToo«ma«o,yourself whenyou ■ K:;i. nr»noli at flontfa Kensington ? I did not think S:''*:'y6u knew many people m London.' ii because I know very few people whom yon know. Myohief {riende are the friends of my oollege life—not the worthy ' buoollcs of Suffolk.' ' j " "Miee Marjoram sighed, and went on with / her" sewing. She delighted in the plaineat of plain work—severest undergarmente of oalioo ; or flannel. She had taken upon herself to j supply my mother's poorer cottage-tenant! ; withunderolothing—a very worthy purpose; , but I oould nob help wishing she had deferred a little more to the universal sense of beauty I . in her contributions to the cottagers' ward- i robes. Surely these prison-like garments 1 2 must have appalled their reoipients. My ; . . Inexperienced eye noted only their ugliness in shape and ooarseness of texture. I longed 12- 3or a little trimming, a softer quality of flannel. '"I an afraid they must hurt the people who get them,' I said one dsy when Miss .Marjoram exhibited her bale of flannel un derwear. fu " '.Thejr are delightfully warm, and friotion is beneficial to health,' ehe replied severely. 'I don't know what more you would hare.' " It irked me not a little to note Miss Marjoram's suspicious air when she discussed ~ my evening's occupations, for I know she had moro infiuenoe over my mother then any , one living, and I fanoied that ehe would not toruple to use that influence against me. I had lost her friendship long ago by childish rudenesses, which I looked baok upon with ^ regret, hat whioh I oould not obliterate from her memory by the studious oivilitieB of later years. _ j "I vent back to Cambridge, ana my moiner and her devoted companion left Connaught : place for Brighton, Sir William (jail having recommended aea-air, after exhausting bis soientifio meanB in tbe wear]'battle with nerve pain, lb was a relief to me when I thought of \- Hsperanza to know that Misa Marjoram wee fifty miles away from Great Ormond-etrEet. rhoss suspicious glances and prying ques tions of hers had frightened me. " Then I thought of Esperanzawhen was she .nob the centre and oiroumference of my thoughts? " I worked hard; iniesed no lecture; neglected no opportunity ; for I had made up my mind to play the game of life off my own bat; bub Esperanza'e image was with me whatever I was doing. I think I mixed' up her personality in an extraordinary fashion with the higher mathematios. dbe perched like a fairy npou every curve, or elid sylph like along every line. I weighed her and measured her and calculated the doctrine of chances about her. She became in my mind the alt-pervading spirit of scienoo of quantity and number. "Could this interval between tbe asking in Cburoh and my wedding-day be any other than a period of foolish dreaming, of fond con fusion and wandering thoughts? I was not twenty-one, and I was about to take a step which would inevitably offend my only parent, the only being to whom I Btood indebted for oare and affection. In the rash hopefulness of a youthful passion I made sure of being ultimately forgiven; but hopeful as I was I knew it might be some time before I oonld obtain pardon. In the meantime I had an income which would bu£Roe for a youthful menage. I would find a quiet home for Es peranza at one of the villas on the Grand cheater-road till I had taken my degree, and then I should have to begin work in London. In deed, I had fixed in my own mind upon a second-floor in Martha's roomy old house, which would be conveniently near the Temple, whero I might Bhare a modest set of chambers with a Cambridge friend. In the deep intoxication of my lore dream Great Ormcnd-etrret seemed just the most delightful Bpot in which to establish tbe cosy home I figured to myself. It would be an infinite advantage to live under my dear, old nurse's roof and to know that she would watch over my girl-wife while I eat waiting for briefs in my dingy oh ambers or reading law wiih an eminent Q.C. " I had aBked Esporanza on the night of onr betrothal whether sho thought we could live upon five hundred a year. A ripple of laughter preluded her reply. "'Dear George, do you know what my father's income woe?' she asked. 1 Sixty- five pounds a year. He paid fifteen pounds a year for our oottage and garden—suoh a dear old garden—and we had to live and clothe our selves upou the other fifty pounds. He was very shabby sometimes, poor darling: but we were always happy. Though I seem so helpless in getting my own living, I think I oould keep house for you, and not waste your money. Five hundred a year! Why, you are im mensely rich 1' "I told bor that I should be able to add to our iuoome by the time we had been married a few years, and then we would have a bouse in the oountry, a garden, and a pair of ponies for her to drive, and cows and poultry, and all the things that women love. What a happy dream it was, and how the sweet pale face brightened under the lamp-light as she listened to me. "' I want nothing but your love,' ehe said, nothing. I am not afraid of poverty.' "The three weekB were gone. I got an exeat, and went up to London by an early train. I had dircoted Esperanza to meet me at the Churoh, whose doors we had so often passed together in our evening walks, and where we had knelt side by side one Sunday evening. She was to take Martha to Ohurob with her; but not till the last moment, not till they were on the point of Btarting was she to toll my old nurse what was going to happen, lost an idea of duty to the mother Bhould in duce her to betray her son. < "The air was orisp and bright, and the wintry landscape basked in the wintry sun between Cambridge and Stratford, but the dull grnynoss of our metropolitan winter wrapped me round when I loft Bishop gate-street, and there was a thin ourtain of fog hanging over my beloved Bloomsbury when my hansom rattled along the sober old world streets to the heavy Georgian Churoh. I sprang from the cab as if -I had worn Mercury's sandals, told the man to wait, and ran lightly up the steps, pushed baok the heavy door and entered the dark temple, hushed and breathless. How solemn the Churoh looked, bow grey the great oold windows. The fog seemed thicker here than in the streets outside. "I looked at my watch. Twenty minutes to 11. I had entreated her to be at Churoh at least ben minutes before the bour, and I felt bitterly disappointed that she had not antici pated the appointment. "Her last letter was three days old. Could she be ill? oould any evil thing have happened? I hurried back to the Church door, intending to get into my cab and drive to Ormond-street. I changed my mind before I had orossed the threshold. I might miss her on the way—drive by one street while she and Martha were walking on Another.. Again, there was something un dignified in a bridegroom Tashing off in aearoh of hisbride.'Myplaos was to wait inOhuroh.1 had earn a good many weddings In oar pariah Ohucoh in Suffolk, and I.knew that the bride was always late. Yet, in spite of this erperienoe, I had always expeoted my bride in advanos of the appointed time. She had no wreath of orange-blossoms, no bridal veil to adjust, no doting mother or sister bridesmaids to flurry and hinder her under the pretenoe of helping. She had no carriage to wait for. Her impatienoB to see ine after nearly three weeke should hare brought her to Ohuroh earlier than this. . "Then I remembered Martha. Ho doubt abe was waiting for Martha. That good old soul was interviewing the butcher or ad justing her Paisley shawl, while I was fretting and fuming in the Church; I had no best man to reason with my impatience and keen up .my spirits. My best man was to be the parish oierk, and he had not yet appeared upon the scene. I saw a pew-opener creeping about, a pew-opener in the aocustomed olose black bonnet and aober apparel. Esperanza's bridesmaid! Martha would havo to give her away. "I took a turn round theChnrcb, looked at the monuments, and even stood still to read a tablet here and there, and know no more of the inscription after I bad read it than if it had been in arrow-headed oharacters. " I opened the heavy door and went out on to the steps, and stood watching a stray cab or a stray pedestrian, dimly visible'through the thickening fog. 1 looked at my watoh . every other minute, between anger and despair. It was fire minutes to 11. . The curate who was to marry us passed me on the etepi and went into the Ohurob, unsuspecting that I was to be the chief actor in the cere mony. I stood looking along the street, in the only direotioa in which my bride was to be expected, and my heart sickened as the slow minutes wore themselves out, till it was nearly a quarter past 11. "I oould endure this no longer. My hansom was waiting on the opposite side of tlio street. I lifted my finger, and signed to the driver to oome over to me. There was nothing for it but to go to Great Ormond-streot, and discover the cause of delay. " Before the man oould olimb into his seat and cross the road a brougham drove sharply up to the Ohurch steps—a brougham of dingy aspect, driven by a man whose livery branded him as a flyman. "I was astonished at the fiy, but never doubted that it brought mo my dear love, and my heart was light again, and I ran to greet i her with a welooming smile. "The oarriage door was sharply opened from within, and my mother stepped out and stood before me, tall and grave, in her neat dark travelling dress, ber fine features sharp and clear in the wintry gloom. " ' Mother!' I exclaimed, aghast. "' I know I am not the person you expected, George,' she eaid quietly. 'Badly as you have behaved to me I am sorry for your disap pointment.' "'Where is Esperanzal' I oried, unheed ing my mother's address. "It.was only afterwards that her words" came back to me—in that long dull afterwards when I had leisure to brood over every detail in this agonizing scene. "She is safe and in good hands, and she is where you will never see her again.' '"That's a lie!' I cried. If she's among the living I will find her—if she is dead I will follow her.' " ' You are violent and unreasonable ; bub I suppose your romantic infatuation muet ex | cuse you. When you have read this letter you will be oalmer, I eope.' "She gave me a letter iu Esporanza'e writing. We had moved a few paces from the Church steps while we talked. I read the letter walking slowly along the street, my mother at my side. " ' Dearest—I am going away. I am nob to be your wife. It was a happy dream, but a foolish one. I should have ruined your life. That has been made clear to me ; and I love you far too dearly to be your enemy. You will never see me again. Don't bo unhappy about me. I shall be well oared for. I am going veiy far away; but if it were to tbe fur thest end of the earth, and if I were to live a hundred years, I should never oease to love you, or loam to love you less. "' Good-by for ever, '" Esphbanza.' " ' I know whose hand is in this,' I said— ' Miss Marjorum.' '"Miss Marjorum is my true and loyal friend, and yours too, though you may not believe it.' Whoever it may be who has stolen my love away from me, that person is my dire and deadly foe. Whether the act is yours or here, it is the aofe of my bitterest enemy, and I shall ever so remomber it. Look here, mother, let there be no misunderstanding between you and me. I love this girl better thau my life. Whatever briok you have played upon her, whatever oajolenes you and Miss Marjorum have brought to bear upon her, whatever false representations you have made, appealing to her unselfishness againsb her love, you have done that whioh will wreck your eon's life unless you oan undo it.' " ' I have saved my son from th& shipwreck his own folly would have made of his life,' my mother answered oalmly. 'I have seen what these unequal marriages come to—before the wife is thirty.' "'It would be no unequal marriage. The girl I love is a lady.' " ' A village organist's daughter, by herewn confession totally without education. A pretty delicate young oreature with a aertain surface refinement, I grant yon; but do not think that would stand the wear and tear of life, or counterbalance yourhumiliation whon people asked questions about your wife's antecedents and belongings! People, even the politest people, will ask those questions, George. My dear, dear boy, the thing you were to have done to-day wonld have been utter ruin to your social existence for the next fifty years. ! You will never be rioh enough or great encugh to live down suoh a marriage.' "'Doa't preaoh to me,' I oried savagely. ' You have broken my heart. Surely that ia enough for you.' "I broke away from her as ehe laid her hand upon my arm—such a shapely hand in a dark grey glove. I remembered even in that moment of anguiBh and of anger bow my dear love bad often walked by my side, glovelees, shabbier than a milliner's apprentioe. No, Bhe was not of my mother's world ; no more was Titania. She belonged to the realm of romanoe and fcarie, nob to Balgravia or May fair. " I ran baok to the spot where the hansom still waited for me, jumped in, and told the man to drive to Great Ormond-street. I left my mother standing on the pavement to find her way baok to her oarriage the best way Bhe oould, to go where she would. " I knocked at the lodginghonse door loud enough to wake the seven sleepers. I pushed past the soared maid-servant, and dashed into Martha's parlour. She was sitting with her -spectacles on her nose poring over a trades man's book, and with other books of the same kind on the table before her. 'Youhave betrayed matomy mother.' "' Ob, Mr. Geprgo, forgive your old nurse fcbstloresyouas if youwere herown flesh and blood. I only did my duty by yoa and my mistress. It would barer here done,, dear; it would never bare.done.' "She called me 'dear,' as inthe old nur sery days. Tears were streaming down her withered oheeka. " 'It was you, then.' " 'Yes, it was me, Mr. George, leastways me and Benjamin. We talked it over a long time before he wrote the letter to my mistress at Brighton. Sarah came home from Ohuroh on. Sunday dinner-time. The drawing-rooms were dining out, and the second floor is empty, eo there was nothing to hinder Sarah's going to Ohuroh. She oame home at dinner-time, and told me that you and Esperanza Campbell had been asked in Ohuroh—for the third time. You might have knocked me down with a feather. I never thought she oould be so art ful. I talked it over with Benjamin, and he posted a letter that night.' "'Anl Miss Marjoram oame up from Brighton next morning, and oame to soe Esperanza ?' 'N " ' How did you know that Mr. George?' "' I know Mies Marjoram.' " ' Yes, it was Miss Marjorum that came. She asked to see Esperanza alone, and they were shut up together for over au hour, ana then the bell was rung, and Miss Marjorum told the girl to pack up Miss CampboU'a things, bring her box down to the hall, and when she bad done that to fetch a four wheeler. Sarah was as nearly as upset as I was, but she and I packed the things between us—such a few things, ooor child—and oarried the box downstairs, and I waited in the hall while Sarah ran for the cab. And presently Esperanza came out with Miss Marjorum, and put on her hat and jaokel, and then came to bid me good- by.' '"She put her arras round my neck and kissed me, and though I had done my duty by you and your mo, Mr. George, I felt like Judas. "It was right of you to tell,"she said; " it was only right—for bis sake," and Miss Marjorum hurried het down the steps and into the oab before she could say another word. I do believe the poor dear child gave you up without a murmur, Mr. George, beoause she knew it would have been your ruin to marry her.' " 'Fudge ! that had been drummed into her by Miss Marjorum. You have done me th6 worst turn you ever did any one in your life, Martha, and yet I thought if there was any body in the world I oould trust it was you. Y/here did the cab go—do you know that 1' '"Charing Cross Station. I heard Miss Marjorum give the order.'" 