SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES, BY FAVOURITE AUTHORS. FIFTY LASHES By ATHA WESTBURY. CHAPTER I. (Continued.) Charlie Stanton stood silent for a " minute. A feeling of some nameless y dread began to steal over him at Kiora's t recital, but he shook it off and replied in a bantering way : "Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. Indeed, it has been said by some crusty bachelors that dreams are like ladies-they follow the rule of contrary. Come, hold up your head, my dear I shall return to you ere the new year is many weeks old with all my honours thick upon me." if "I sincerely trust you may, my dear Charlie," said the girl, with a fond look, in which there was yet the sadness of her ugly dream outlined, and then as if anxious to change the subject she added, " Look how beautiful everything seems under the sheen of the moon. What a L lovely night. They went out into the soft glow arm in t arm-she pleading for his promise, he laughingly resisting her. Onward, down the green slopes, strewn with fairly t shadows that seemed to » oration n them up A -J leave no trace behind. ^ By and bye the- hissing figure carne ?r forth from his lair, and stood up in the fall light of the moon-a tall, dark man, about thirty years of age, face sallow and closely shaven, displaying a wide sensual mouth and strong, determined jaw, filled I' with firm white teeth. '. * "So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy," he muttered, j apostrophising himself, a sinister gleam in his eye the while. " Why, who would -?? have thought the ring doves would select if this spot for their senseless chatter almost under my nose? Humph! my limbs are racked with pain and cramp. Confound them both. What the devil can there be about this weak fooling dandy, that she should prefer him to a .' better man P Aye, one who cares more for her than he does." 1 , He stood with folded arms a moment, A watching the direction they had taken. 1 it There you go, Charlie Stanton, with the of whip hand of me, but take care, my lad, I don t checkmate you. For ten years yon A and I have been what modern society call >. friends, Charlie ; but modern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It if has robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, even the love of this proud > wench who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you '?: have taken to the field, Charlie, mon cher. Well, well! I am content; to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I have the cue, my weak minded spark and it shall go hard c but I will use it to advantage when e, opportunity offers." He followed in the ~" Wake of the lovers with a slow and a meditative step, his head bent, and his hands clasped behind his back. t " If my friend Stanton has one trait in his character more prominent than Another it is an easy, simple belief in the truth and goodness of his fellows," he muttered. " No fool's paradise too great for Charlie. I have made a study of the man, not because I love him that because she is my opposite-a soft humbug, that cannot say No, for the life of him. Charlie, mon ami, you are as the potter's x clay to my hand. Let me see if I cannot play you against charming Kiora Selby 1 and her broad acres." : Sergeant Exley, of Caversham Horse, quickened his pace, crossed the park and V entered Parnell, thence his walk became l> slower, until he reached Shortland Place. Here he halted and stood watching the , front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. There must have been 1 something very attractive here to engage the Sergeant's attention, for he remained on the spot close on two 1 hours. He was still watching and wait '' ing, when a young man issued from the house, hamming a favourite operatic air. "Hallo, Charlie! well met, dear boy. Where have you been ?" cried Exley, in a surprised yet pleasant time. Jost ran over to bid the Selby's good- bye," replied Stanton. " But what are you doing down this way, Exley ?" " Ah taking a walk under the moon to view the city. I guess we shan't have another opportunity to view the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met you." "Why, pray f" , 1 2 Because I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've promised to the meet one or two jolly fellows to take a J. parting glass. You will join me, of course ?" " My dear Exley, nothing would give me greater pleasure." " Come along, then, it is late." The pair went arm and arm through 1 the silent streets. Stanton happy in the thought of his sweetheart ; Exley, quietly brooding like a man who feels his way to some unknown goal. CHAPTER II. '' There are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly rugged than the Oban * Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the by volunteers had fixed their bivouac on the 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time night, a calm lovely sight, with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven as on the, night of the advent of the Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caversham Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men of the troop, toa of their number had been told off as a guard under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisions are only limited and needed but one sentry at a time to keep was eh and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row flanking the stores. The sergeant called the guard together and said " Comrades, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity. Mind that, and above all, remember that any man found neglecting his duty will most assuredly go to the triangles. Toa understand?" They appeared to understand very well; they glanced towards the rum puncheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to concern himself about our welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad-shouldered, jolly looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean I than terra firma, if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Gable, and while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water spaniel at his side. The experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz, a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth, The boy, who answered to the nom de guerre of "Sandfly," was one of that gender known as a camping and general knock about among the troopers. He could speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was with one of the most mischievous young vagabonds MaoriUud. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen east wind, which made the air biting cold and set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight, X'je Maori lad, prowling about for some place' of 2, elter *«??~tha night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned until only two persons remained seated by it-Charles Stanton and Bob Gable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to the verge of pusillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bull dog. How came these two to friends ! Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold "Te Kainga," Bob Gable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his side, received during the attack. The volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his life] Charlie Stanton walked coolly aub to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori ballets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of man which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Gable "Good-night," and answers " Here." It is his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild screech of the pelew oat yonder by the lake. Sandfly, crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering, and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannikin in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low, earnest tone. " Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking a glass of grog on such a cold night. We are not in town, where it could easily be obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course, you are on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half pint out of one of these casks would never be missed." " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton carelessly. " Pray do as you please ; you have command of the guard ; but I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting General Orders and Colonel Bartopp's stern discipline ?" The sergeant laughed in a quiet way and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and hum bag put forth in General Orders or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape, to the end of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, in this sharp wind, not wet our whistle. when it is here ready at our hand ?" " Bravo, Exley ! Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter- master, but I repeat, you are my superior officer and-there are the casks." " Good. This fellow here seems a little apoplectic. We will bleed him." " With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole P" cried Charlie, laughing. "No! Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I have a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I spire this fellow's frontispiece." Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheons. Had the good-natured inconstant dupe seen that look he would have thought twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbler, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a serpent. Sandfly beheld Exley holding the pannikin under asthma stream issuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gargle as it spouted into the pot. When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the Sergeant plugged it up again. " Now, comrade, take a nip." " After yon," said Charlie politely. " The girls we left behind us," and the Sergeant pub the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any. "I'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which he almost emptied the pannikin at a draught. It took away his breath for a moment, but that was nothing, the night was cold. "What do you say, shall we refill the gobbler, Stanton ?" " By all means, Exley," and the pot was replenished. I "I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees. " Come, Clem, take a ship and pass the decanter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once more refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon began to tell on the trooper. "We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visiting officer before four o'clock." " Oh, bother the visiting rounds-pass the pannikin, Clem." "I suppose you don't mind my reliev- ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie ?" " Not at all. I am content to remain here until daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The Sergeant watched him with glitter- ing eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,", he said. "IF Nonsense. Here, hold my carbine ; the pot is empty." One a.m. by the Sergeant's watch, and the Sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half-hour the poor dupe is staggering about. The Sergeant watches him-watches him fall prone down, sight and senses gone. Then Exley knows that the bird is snared-the rat safe in the trap. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commissariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. " How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exley P" "Onlyone, captain." " I will visit him." I was usual for two men of the guard and the non-commissioned officer in charge to accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores, but, of course there was no one to challenge his approach. " Halt !" cried the officer, " how's this Where is your man, sergeant ?" he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered the Maori lad emerged from his hiding place and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel, stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the hut and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to inquire how the man got drunk on his post. The leaking cask, the gimlet and the pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him told their own tale plainly. " This is a very unfortunate matter," cried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. " What is to be done, sir ?" "Done! Why, your duty, Sergeant Exley, of course," responded the captain. "Carry the poor devil to the guard tent, and put another man in his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return." Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging the hill tops and kissing the sleep encampment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the of names of intoxica- tion. " Is this but the prelude to her dream ?" he mattered. "Gas it would seem so. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley. Yonder the Oban Lake gleaming in the early sun, like a burnished shield. What more ? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream the formed square and the men tied to the triangles ? We shall see. Charlie Stanton, it would have been well if you or I had never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wafcest thou will see the cat ready and now to snatch an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sandfly was heard calling for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair pair raced down the hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. (To be continued on Friday.) 