BY ROYAL C0NPS sior - RED TAPE AUD ROSY : BILLETS. i ^ How tto :System-;Wox4:6. I ik abortion of that giorions British Empire, over which the meteor flag of England doth still terrifically burn, and upon all of whose limits the golden orb oi day never sets in any two widely distant electorates at tbe same moment there is a possession mostly governed by a prominent citizen, who acts as aepu&y; representative of the Grown on occasions, between the denarture of one actual vice-royalty and 'the arrival of another. As these comings and goings were frequent, the Depnty-Govemor had a fnrni tnre-van engaged by contracc to transfer his possessions from his private residence to his official quarters, while his family padded the hoof between the places in patient w&lkin-; faBt boots, supplied by an up-to-date leather cutter, who in return for the footwear was permitted to announce that he was under vice regal patronage. That wasabontall he got ont of the deal, bnt he was contented as the aristocracy always followed the lead of its distinguished citizens, and paid twice aB much for its shoes whon they needed half soleing and healing as the democracy paid for the newest bluchers jewelled with hob nails in every holo and mounted with supe rior finished steel heels aud toe-plateB.' The chief duty of tbe Deputy-Governor was to keep himBelf popular with most sorts and conditions of men, and while taking special care not to permit any slackening of tne Biiken bonds which bound the jnvenile colony to the apron of the dear old mother country, still countenancing a certain laxitv of loyalty when, as occurred at times, the settlers were inclined to call for extension of their privileges and clamor for enfran chisement and emancipation. He was also the occupant of a high civil office, in which he discharged important public duties, and pronounced opinions which he could at pleasure disregard in his gubernatorial capacity. He was often called upon in his vice-regal position to pasB cen sure on his official judgments and to make sarcastic comment upon his own utterances, and at times to write lengthy letters to him seiz, dtuiug lor equaiiy ieagxny replies on his official conduct in matters of Berious pub lic import. But being on the inside in both cases he managed to conduct tbe corres pondence without too much bitternefi, and rarely permitted himself as Govofaor to insult himself aB a Stale employee, or to use any language calculated to bring about strained relations between the representative of the Queen and a trusty and well- beloved official. He was ordered to maintain friendly connections with both Houees of Parliament and to preserve the peace inviolate between the Queen and her faithful commons and ' the people in another place.' His contract was a big one but the price matched it, and with a liberal allowance for expenses and the privilege of selling ail-the household fat to a soap factory he managed to amble along comfortably, and to lay up a few bags of golden pieces as a reserve fund against the time when he woifld be retired on a pension, leave the country and proceed to England to enjoy Mb otivm cum digni&ate; after the fashion of a good Australian whose daysh&ve; been deservedly long in the land, and whoso record haont so much as a fly-speck on it. The Governor— the English-appointed person— received no special inn tractions. He was (as a rule) a played-out and dead beat diplomatist, or politician, with an idea that the colony to which he had been appointed was midway between Hell and the South Pole, and that the vice-regal domicile was a bark shanty, and that he would have to go about with no olothea on, except a breech-clftth and a paper collar round each ankle, if he desired to become popular, aud prevent the wild natives chasing him with dogs through the streets whenever he attempted to take the air by daylight. His general order was, *' Go there, and try and put up with things as you find them. It's only for seven years, any way, and when you return we'll give yoa something good.' There was usually considerable difficulty in obtaining men for thoposition, and the office at times went begging for months. The 6even years' transportation was dreaded, and the perks and possibilities of the vice regality were not always jnmped at even by the poorest of those approached. Yet the duties of the Governor were light and his responsibilities of the slightest. The' government, as in most civilised countries, was administered by Parliament bnt was actually conducted by Koyal Commission. Nothing could bo decided without the ap pointment of three or half a dozen private citizens as a Board of Enquiry. These were usually men who haunted tbe lobbies of Parliament House ana tho roomsof Ministers, and pestered the lives out of every one in power until they got 'something.' When this played out they haunted tne premises ap-ain until they got something else. These ghosts always walked. Even when they had a job in hand the rumor that there was another ' something ' on was sufficient to start them racing like a lot of embodied spooks and materialised vital sparks for the haunted galleries in which they held special reserved &eat3.; In fact at length a small clique of about a score of lawyers and impossible members of Parliament had so secured themselves that any attempt to intro duce an outsider would have occa sioned serious trouble and probably have brought about the downfall of the Government of tbe day. It was alleged (but the allegation was incredible) that the pro fessional commiBBioners in an American set tlement mado a practice of ' cutting ' their fees with the Minister of the Department. The shorthand writers and officials of tho Commission gave the Commissioners a cut out of their fees, and these in turn were tipped by interested parties desiring copies of evidence or tipB as to the way in which things were iikcly to go. None of the Com mission was greedy. Each was prepared to 11 cut the com,' for there was nlways the probability of a big dividend at the finish, Of course, nothing of tho kind ever occurred in any portion of the British Empire over which the meteor flag of England doth still terrific burn. In tbe country of which we write, the Royal Commission flourished like a patch of Bathnret Burr. Its extended into every branch of politics, % and into every depart ment of State. Even the magisterial and judical decisions were considered, and tbe verdicts of juries set aside by commission, innocent men were reprieved from the gallows and rclc&sed; from gaol, while the guilty were ordered additional punishment, for the Commissioners were more powerful than Providence— omnipotent, omniscient, just, and unapproachable, beyond the reach of the tempter or the range of tbe pcrvertev, who attempted to open the eyes of Justice by a liberal applicatioaof Sqaarem'e golden ointment. The construction of Bonds and Bridges, Railways, Telegraphs, and Public Buildings were in the hands of the Commis sioners ; the enlargement of alleged petty larceuists, abortionists, burglars, and bush rangers waB within the wido limit of their powers. Alleged perjurers, pickpockets, aud parricides could be liberated on their report, and men sentenced to a lifetime of Incarcreation were at timeB (on proof of their innocence being furnished) set at liberty after a fewfionths, though it often happened that (as a consequence of tbe spite of tbe police) they were arrested for similar (alleged) offences, and again ordered (by a vindictive Judge) to imprison ment for another lifetime. But for tbe Commission, tho high and hardly earned reputation of the country and Its people for ju&tice; and probity would have been seri ously tarnished and money difficult to borrow in any of the civilised centres of the world. The Civil Service would have remained nnre formed, and the great diamond-mining in dustry have languished like a milking cow, in a rloh clover p&toh.; The unemployed would not have existed, nor the banks reconstructed. The country would have been staggering beneath an over powering burden of property, and the population, innocent of the chastening effects of adversity and tribnlation have trotted contentedly down the broad way which ends at the gleaming gates of Tophet. Peoplo prayed for the Commissions. The Commissions preyed on the people. And with good results. Occasionally the best efforts of the Com missioners were interrupted by the inter ference of the Government. Thus, in one oase a man charged with murder was found guilty and sentenced to death. He was innocent. A Commission was appointed and it declared him not guilty. It was satisfied of this because another man confessed to the crime. But Parliament was busy over some thing important and the man was hanged. However his innocence was at laBt agreed to and his character cleared. Then the Com mission sat again and recommended that the real murderer should marry his widow. In another instance a man charged with forgery was so loud in his protestations of innocence that a Commission was granted and proof produced that he was the victim of a consDiracv. The renorfc was a Htmnp one and altogether in his favor. The Government decided to give the matter careful consideration so each Minister proposed to read the papers in the case. These extended into volumes, and took months to get through. Some of the Ministers could not read writing, others could not understand much of what they conld read, and still others hesitated abont undertaking the task, which was a very Big one, and after all, a month or two more or less would not matter to the accused. *? 9 * Suddenly the Ministry was thrown out on a snap vote, but in response to an urgent appeal from the Commission before it left office, sanctioned the release of the innocent accused. On the following day a memo was received as tinder ' H. M. Gaol, Erewhon. ' Prisoner Blankson pardoned yesterday was released on 22nd May last year. N.B.— He died the previous day.' Still, ill finite nf its inconftrahlo rAJ.tarvaiem and somewhat long delays, Government by Royal Commission is still popular— amongst the Commissioners and those who ' cut the com.' i- 