THE CASE OF MR. MEAGHER. The di'ftuintic scene in the Assembly on Tuesday night when Mr. Crick, without a tithe of his usual braggadocio, .but in a broken voice and with tear-diiumed e3'es recounted the confession of his partner, Mr. Meagher, tears the last veil from the mysterious North Shore poison ing ease. The public can at last see how their justifiable prejudice against Mr. Justice Windcyer, and the calm imper turbability of the most splendid scoundrel of the century, have misled them into a wrong apportionment of the blame as between George Dean and his wife. It will be useless for individuals to blame their press guides or others for the great mistake thnt bus been made ; almost everybody was in error, and their error has ample explanation. Wo intend, therefore, to make no apology for our attitude in the matter up to the last few weeks. We were deceived, as others have been deceived, and as every one is liable to be deceived. The attempted murder at North Sydney can now never be revived in the law courts of the colony. For what ever share he may have had in the still mysterious affair, George Dean holds the pardon of the Crown, and that document effectually closes the door against any further proceedings on that count. The man has now but to reckon with the law on a charge of perjury ; it is to be hoped that he will be given on it a fair trial, uninfluenced by thefoul accusations which must again rest upon his character. After the verdict has been recorded, in whatever direction it may be, George Dean can be allowed to fade out of pub lic remembrance. But there are, unfortunately, other interests and reputations than his in volved in the case. The document which Mr. Crick published to the world, on Tuesday night was a confession on the part of Mr. E. D. Meagher that he had entrapped George Dean into a confession of guilt ; that he had subsequently com municated that confession to Sir Julian Salomons under the exact circumstances detailed in Sir Julian's speech to the Upper House ; and that further, though guilty of these crimes, he had lied about them, assuring most solemnly Parlia ment and people that Salomons was a mad dreamer of dreams and that George Dean was innocent. In discussing the position immediately after Mr. Meagher's first statement in the Assembly, in which he called his God to witness that his conscience was unstained of the deceit and treachery imputed by Sir Julian Salomons, we stated that if it were true that Mr. Meagher entrapped Dean into a confession, the act was a disgraceful one : thnt if the confession were further communicated to another person, grave wrong was again done. To these sins Mr. Meagher now confesses, and to tho further heavy fault of persisting in false hood almost up to the last momout, and of endeavoring to bespatter other people with mud in the attempt to save him self and his guilty client. A grievous indictment indeed has the ex-member for Phillip brought against himself; and in itsdark shadow thelifeofa young and promising public man is com pletely enveloped. The case of George Dean now fades into insignificance by the side of the case of Richard Meagher. Outside a city newspaper office 011 Tuesday night, as the bulletins posted outside unfolded to the public the start ling facts of Mr. Meagher's confession and resignation, one man called for three cheers for " Dick " Meagher. There was perhaps the pause of a second, whilst intuitive sympathy with a fallen man (who in falling had shown himself at last in a nobly generous light) strove with and overcome the logic of the facts; then a rousing cheer went tip for Meagher, ex-member of Parliament and the confessed criminal. Perhaps those men in the street should have shown more of conventional Chris tianity and kicked with their hoots the down man. Certainly, he did not, from the point of view of the stern Pharisee, deserve a kindly cheer. He had sinned — sinned most damnably — both against abstract right and against his fellow men ; and in his sin he had involved others and dragged the man Dean again within the limbs of the law. Still we are proud of those men who cheered ; they showed a strong and genuine hu manity and that trait of Divine charity which sees a reason for not reprobating the evil of others in the evil of our selves. Who among us in the same position might not have done likewise? A young ambitious lawyer and politician espouses the popular'cause of a man who is be lieved to lie innocent and wrongly pun ished. Perhaps with not the ghost of a suspicion of its terrible result, lie puts the prisoner to a severe tost in order to ascertain his guilt or innocence. Tho tost extorts a confession of guilt from tho prisoner. Then the lawyer is tempted to still go on with the public agitation on the criminal's behalf ; he lies to his partner, saying that the man is innocent. He lies to the people. On the strength of his lies he rescues the guilty man from a felon's cell, and is himself raised to Parliament. Then some strange impulse, surely the finger of Providence revenging an out rage on the Divine principle of Eight, leads the lawyer to confess the secret to another, under a supposed sacred zeal of secrecy. This confession is divulged, but even then the desperate man per sists in his falsehoods. At last ho per ceives that liis crime will involve inno cent people in punishment. On the verge of the last moral precipice, from which ho was about to hurl himself to the lowest depths of shamo and degra dation, tho man pauses; His better nature, smothered heretofore niuler the wild rush of passions and ambitions, asserts itself. He turns back, confesses all his past guilt, makes what reparation he can to his outraged fellow-citizens, and then faces the shnuie, the punish ment, and the ruin which must follow his disclosure. It is not necessary to think that Mr. Meagher's confession could with grace have come much earlier, that he might, have saved himself the sin of those last falsehoods to his Parliament and his friends, that he might have refrained from the crnel insinuations against Sir Julian Salomons and others. All that is true enough, but the final confession should to the merciful redeom all. Richard Meagher's first sin was a grievous lie to his partner. Thnt lie led him into all his other faults. Per haps a man with more moral courage (or more cowardice) would not have allowed his lie to carry him" so far a's did this man. But at any rate he finally con fessed. All his sins were lies, and be cause of lies. And who among us is not a liar ? As children, we lie over stolen sweets and broken crockery ; as youths wc lie in our sports, our schools and our boasts ; as men we lie to serve our lusts, our ambitions and our bravadoes. All men are liars and no man can throw stones at another for a falsehood. Mr. Meagher's lies, too, were only differing from the lies of thousands of. honored men among us in thnt they brought such serious consequences on himself. The young fellow whose eloquence and ability had brought to him already a large measure of success, and to whom Fortune promised still larger gifts for the future, is now bowed down with shame; his seat in the Legislature lost ; his pro fessional career wrecked, and the shadow of a grave criminal prosecution is 011 his head. His present condition is duo en tirely to his own confession. Had he continued to act the brazen falsifier and stood a trial with his partner, he would most probably have escaped actual ruin, though his name weuld infallibly have been clouded with great suspicion of dis honor. But that course involved the possibility of further innocent suffering, and Mr. Meagher showed at the lost moment that lie did not lack the heroic courage to do a tardy right. Probably under the circumstances, 80 per cent, of tho people of the colony will agree that he has been punished enough, and that he should bo now al lowed to take his wrecked career and his repentance to somo other land, where' more rigid rectitude might bring him again some honor and pleasure in life. It is said thnt the Government will not persist in the conspiracy prosecutions, and certainly the Attorney-General would meet the public sentiment by a writ of hole prosequi. The needs of justice havo been satisfied and the claims of mercy can be therefore consid ered. 