' TALES AND SKETCHES. SONS OF FIRE. By HISS BBADDON, Author of "Lady Audrey's Skoret," "The Fatal Thuke," " The Day Will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou Abi the Han I" &a; all iliailts reserved. Chapter YIIL (Continued). While emptiness and ennui provailod on the terrace in front of the Mandarin room, thero were a pair of wanderers in the shrubbery, whose talk was unleavened by worldlineu or pretonoe of any kind. Allan had stolen away from tho smokers in the dining room, and was esoorting Burette and lror friend Bessie Jcdgenciu round hi. modest domain — the shrubberies, tho pad- dooks nearest tho house, which bad been planted and eduoated into a kind of park ; the green house aud hot house, which wero just aapacioue enough to supply plenty of flowers for drawing- room and dinuer table, but not to grow grapes or peaohee. Everything was on a modest, un assuming seale. Allan felt that nftor the mansion and gardens at Disoombo, his house suggestod the abode of a retired tradesman. A suecessful hosier or boot maker might create for himself such a home. Soap, or lucifcr matches, or coooa wonld require something far moro aplandid. Modest as tho plaoo was, tho two girls ad mired, or seemed to admire, all its details — tho conifers of thirty years' growth, tho smiling meadows, tho fawn colored oows. A sunny Sep tember afternoon showed thoao fertilo pastures and trim gardens at their beat. Allan felt ex quisitely happy walking about thoio Bmooth lawns and gravel paths with tho girl ho loved. At every word of approval ho fnncied olio was praising the place in whicii she would bo content XO iiVC» atVLbd trUtu wt «io v"v unici It seamed to him that her kindness meant much moro than it had mount beforo she know her power. She coulil not bo so cruel kb to mock lilra with the promise of her smiles, her sweet words, her undisguised pleasure in his oompany. Yes, ho was pcrfeotly happy. Ho thought of hor refusal tho othor day an only the preludo to her acceptance. She had not said " No she had only said "Not yot." Bessio Edgeflold was onoof those sweetly con stituted girls whose very naturo is to bo n third party in a love affair; nover to play tho heroino in white satin, but nlways the confidante in white muslin. She walked boside her frieud, placid, sileut, savo for an oooasional monosyllable, and was of no more account than Huzotto's shadow. "The Roebucks are taking leave," exclnimod Suzette, looking aoross tho lawn to the groups on the terrace. 41 Mr. Oarew, I'm afraid you are a sadly inattentive host." 44 Have I neglected you, Miss Vincent?" "You h&vo; ueglcoted Mrs. Roebuck, which is muoh worse. She will be talking of your waut of savoir vivre all over Mntoham." "Lot her talk. She has boon boring my mother with a cruelty worthy of Torqueroadn. She forgets that torturo was illegal in England even in Bacon's time. See, tbey are all going away ; but you and tho ganoral and Miss Edge field must stay to tea, even if tho vicar is too busy to stop." The vioar had vanished, to resume tho round of parish dutios, quito content to leave his HoBBie in oomtortable quarters. Tho Roebuoks were going, and the Morningtonn wero following the example; but General Vinocut had uo objection to stop to toa if his daughter and Miss Edgefield desired to do so. He was smoking a cheroot, oomfortably seated in a sheltered part of the terrace— a oornor fac ing south, screened from OABt And north by nu anglo |of tho (.house, where the Mandarin room projected from tho main building — and ho was absorbod in a discussion of Indian legendary lore with Mr. Oarew, who owned to noma knowledge of sansorlt, and had mado eastorn fablo and legend an especial study. .Suzotto and her father stayed till nearly 7 o'clock, when Allan undated on walking home with them, having suddenly discovered that he had had no walking that day. Ho had had been oub hunting from 7 in tho morning till 0; but ho deolared himself in noed of walking exorcise. Lady Emily went with thorn to tho gate, and parted with Suzotte as with a favorite of long standing. Allan wa.i enraptured to see hie mothor'e friendliness with tho girl ho loved ; and It was all ho could do to restraiu his feelings during tho walk to Marsh Houso, Perhaps it wan only that gay temper of hers, that readiness toTaughathim and all the things in creation, whioh hold him at a distauoe. Ho had made up his mind that sho was to bo Mi — that if she were to refuse him 20 times in 20 oaprioious moods of her light and airy tompora- mont, thoro was somowhero in her naturo a vein of serious feeling, and by that ho would wlu her, And hold her. You liko Miss Vincont, mother?" ho asked, that evening, when he was sitting with his father aud mother In the MandArla room after dinner. The evening was warm to sultrinoss, and thoro woro eovoral casements opon in tho long window whioh filled ono end of tho room ; a window with rlobly carved flashes and panels of codar and lattico work alternating with tho glass. There was another window in the western wall, less olaborate— a door window — which formed the! usual exit to the gardon. This was closed, but oot ourtainod. Tho large room was lighted only with shaded lamps, whioh llghtod tho tables and tho spaoos round them but left tho comers In shadow. Lady Emily was sitting at ono of the tables, hor fingers oooupicd with a largo piece of work, whioh she carried about with hor whorovcr oho wont, Aud whioh, to tho eye of tho uninitiated, nevor appeared to mako any appearance towards completion It was dostinod eventually to oovor the grand piano at Fondyke, and it was to bo something very rare and prooious In tho way of embroidery ; tho basis a collection of Breton shawl pattern handkerchiefs, overlaid by Lady. Emily with embroidery in many colored silks and Japanese gold thread. Tho pieco of work was a devouring monster in the mattor of Bilk, and Lady Emily waB always tolling her friends tho numbor of skeins whioh were required for its sustenance, and the cost of the gold thread whioh made so faint an effeot in the Oriental labyrinth of palms and sprigs and arabesques and modallions. "I'm afraid I shall nover livo to finish it," Lady Emily would couoludo with a sigh, throw ing horsclf back in hor ohair after an hour's steadfast labor, her oyos flxod in a kind of ecstaoy upon the litfclo oornor of palm whioh sho had encrusted with satin etitoh and gold ; " but if I do, I really think it will ropay me for all my troublo." To-night her mind was divided botwoen her embroidery and bcr son, who Bat on a throo- cornorcd ohair besido her, moekly threading her noedloi whilo lie tried to got her to talk of Suzotto. His father was seatod almost out of oar shot, at a tablo near tho opon window, reading the Nineteenth Century by tho light of a shaded lamp, whioh tibone full upon his lowered eye- lids, and on the thoughtful brow and sensitive mouth, as he sat in a roposeful attitudo in tho low, doop ohair- "Do I liko Miss Vincent?" remarkod Lady Emily, when alio had turned a critical oorner in tho leafy edging sorolL " I wonder how ofton yon will make ino toll you that I think her a very— no, Allan, the light poaoock, please — not that dark shade— very sweet girl— bright, un affected—." "And exquisitely lovely, "interjaoted her son, as ho handed her tho needleful of silk. "Ah, there you exaggerate awfully. Sho iB certainly a protty girl ; but hor nose is— woll, I hardly know how to desoribc it ; but there is a fault Bomowhere In tho nose, and her mouth might be smaller; but, on the other hand, sho has fine eyes. Her manners are really oharm- ing— that pretty littlo Parisian air which is so fascinating in a high bred Parisian. But, oh, Allan 1 can you roally moan to marry hor?" "I really moan to try my hardest to aohiove that happiness, and I shall think myBslf the luokiest man in Wiltshire,- or iu England, or In Europe, if I succoed." "But, Allan, have you reflected seriously ? Sho tolls mo that she is a Roman Catholic." "If she wero a fire worshipper, I would run the risk of failure la oonvorting her to Christianity. If hUo wore a Buddhist, I should be luolinod to ombr&ce; the faith of Guatama ; but since she is only a conformcr to a moro anoiont form of tho religion of whioh you and I aro followers, I don't seo why hoNoreed should be a stumbling block to my bliss." Lady Emily shook her head sagely, and brsathod a profouud sigh. "Differences of religion are so apt to make unhappincBs in marriod life." "I am not religious enough to distress myself because my wifo believes in some things thataio incredible to mo. Wo shall both follow the same Master, both hope for rounion in tho same hoavon." "Allan, sho believes in Purgatory. Think how inconsistent your ideas of tho future must be." Allan did not pursue tho argument. Ho was smiting to himself at tho easy way in which ho ui\u ueeu causing oi ius wuo— cnoir.iuturo, moir vory hopes of heavonrnaking so sure tim'bsho wai to be hie. He jooked at his father," sitting alone with them, but not of thorn, and thought of his fathor's marriod lifo as ho had oom It ever sinco ho was old, enough to observe jqv understand tho lifo around him ; bo peaooful, so in all things what marriod lifo should he; and overall thorehad been that faintuhadow of jnolan- oholy which tho son had felt from his earliest years, that absonoe of tho warmth and tho ro mance of a marriage whoro love is the bond of union. Hero, Allan told hlmsolf, tho bond had been friendly regard, convenient, tho world's approval, family interests, and lastly the ohild as connecting link and ohiof point of sympathy. Lovo had boon missing from tho lifo of yonder pale student, musing ovor half a dozon pages of modern motaphysios. Allan rose and movod slowly towards that trauquil figure, and fooling tho night air oold as he approaohed that ond of tho room, ho asked his father if he would liko the. windows shut? "No, thank you, Allan, not on my aooount," Mr. Carew auswored, without looking up from his book. Had lie looked up, ho wonld havo aeon Allan standing betweon tho lamplight and the window liko a man transfixed. A pale wan face had that moment vanished in the outward darknoss; a face which a moment boforo had boon looking in nt one of tho open lattices, a faco which Allan rooognised at the first glanco. Ho weut to the glass door, opened it quietly and went out to the tercaoe so quickly and so Bilontly that his disappearance attracted no attontion from father or mother— one absorbed in hU book, tho other bent over her work. The faco wab the faco of Mrs, Wornock, and Mrs. Wornook must be somewhero between the terrnoe and tho gates. There was no moon, but the night wao oloar and tho sky was full of stars. Allan went swiftly round the angle of tho house to tho torraoo outside the large win dow; but the figure that ho had seen from within was uo longor stationed outside the win dow. Tho torrnce was empty. He went round to tho front of tho house, whonco the carriage drivo wound with a gontlo ourvo to the gates, between shrubberies of laurel and arbutua, oyprcss and deodars, Yos, tho figure he had oxpeoted to soo vanished round the ourve of tho drive as ho drew na&rtho; poroh, a elendor figure in dark raiment, with something whito about tho head and shoulders. He ran along tho drive, and reaelied tho gate just In time to seo Mrs. Wor- nock'i brougham standing in the road, at a dis tance of about 50 yards, and to boo Mrs. Wor nook open tho door and stop in. Auothor moment and tho o&rringo; drove away. Allan had no doubt as to the motivo of this oonduot. Sho had como by stealth to look upon the face of the man whom she had refused to moot iu tho beaten way of friendship. OirArriut IX.— So Gubw My Own Small Life Complete. After the incident of that September night, thoro was no longer tho shadow of doubt iu Allan's mind as to the relations botwean bis father and tho lady of Disoombe Manor. That they had known each other and lovod eaoh othor in their youth he was now fully oonviuoed. This last strange act of Mrs. "Wornock V was to his mind tho strongest link in tho ohniii of evidenoo. "Whatever tho relations between them had been, guilty or innocent — and fondly as ho loved his father, ho feared there had been guilt in that association — it was hia duty to prevent any mooting between them, lest the mero sight of that pale, spiritual faco, with its lingular youth- fulness of expression, should ro-nwaken in his father's breast somo faint ghost of the passion that had lived and died a quarter of a century ago. Nor did his respeot for his honest minded, trustful hearted mother permit him to tolerato the idea of friendly intercourse between hor and this mysterious rival from the shadow land of vanished years. Ho took care, tbcrofore, to discourage any idea of visiting the Manor ; and be carefully avoided any further talk of Mrs. Wornook, lest his father's closer questioning should bring about the disclosure of her identity. His fathor's manner, when tho lady was first disoussed, had shown him very oloarly that tho description of her gifts and fancies coincided with tho memory of somo ono known in the past; but it had boon also olear that neither tho name of Wornook, nor tho lady's position at Dis oombo, had any aasooiation for Mr. Carew, If ho had known and loved her in tho past, ho had known and loved her before bIic had marriod old Geoffrey Wornook. His anxiety upon his father's aooount was speedily set at rest, for Mr. Carow— after exploring his son's email and strictly popular library, where among rows of handsomely hound standard works, there wore practically no books whioh appealed to tho scholar's taste— soon wearied of unstudious ease, and announced a stern necosaity for going to London, whoro a certain defunct Hebrew scholar's library, lay and eoolesinsticaiwas to be sold at Hodgson's. Ho would put up for a few days at tho old- fashioned iiotol whioh he had used since ho was an undergraduate, potter about among tho book shops, look up some references he wanted in tho musoum reading room, and meet his wife at Liverpool-streot on her way homo. Lady Emily, absorbed in hor son and ber son's lovo alfair, agreod most amiably to this arrangement. " Telograph your day and hour for returning, when you have bought oil the books you want," she said. " I'm afraid you spend moro money on those dreadful old books, whioh nobody iu Suffolk oarca a straw about, than I do on my farm, whioh people oome to seo from far and wide." " And a great nuifmnae your admirers are, Emily. I am very glad the Suffolk people aro no book lovers ; and I hope you will never hint to anybody that my books aro worth soeing." " I could not say anything so untrue. Your helves are full of horrors. Now Allan's library here is really delightful — Blackwood's Afayasii from tho beginning, Mnoaulay, Scott, Dickons, Thaokeray, Bulwer, Lever, Marryat — and all of them so handsomely bound i I think my brother showed excellent tnito in literature, though I doubt if he ever read mnoh. But as you seem bappior in your library than anywhere else, I Buppoie one must forgivo yon for spend ing a fortune on books that don't interest any body else, And ono can't help boing a littlo bit proud of your scholarship." And so thoy kissed and parted, with the un« impassioned kiss of marriage whioh haa never meant more than nffeotionato friendship. Lady Emily stood at the hall door while her husband drovo off to the station, and then turned gaily to hor son, and said— " Now, AUaii. I am yours to oommand. Let me seo as muoh as possible of that sweet young thing you are in lovo with. Shhll wo go and call on her this afternoon ? She has a white oat which may some day provide her with kittens to distributo among her friondi, and, if so, lam to have one to bring up by hand oi I did Snowdrop, You remember Snowdrop ?" Allan kissed hia mother before ho auaweced, but not for Snowdrop's sake. " I havo a vague recollection of something whito and fluffy hanging to the skirt of your gown, that I used to triad upon." "Yes, you wero horrid. You very nearly killed him. Shall we go ?" "Please, please, please, mother dearest-, I am ready this instant. Throo o'clock. AVo shall got tuoreat uaii-pasr, anu 11 we loner jooKing at whito kittens, or the mobhtr of tho poteutial kittens, till half-past 4, she will give us tea, aud .we oan makoau afternoon of it." \ " Hadn't I bettor put on a bonnet, Allan ?" "No.no. You will go in your hat, just as you aro. You will troat her without the slightest ceremony — treat her aa your daughter. Do you know, mothor, Iain uncommonly glad you never honored me with a sistor." "Why, Allan ?" "Bccauso, if I marry Suzette, sho will bo your only daughter. There will bo no ono to bo jealous of her in Suffolk or here." "What a foolish fancy 1 Well, glvo mo a daughtor as soon as you like. I am getting old, Allan, nnd your fathor's scoluded habits leavo mo vory often alone. His books aro moro his oompanions than I am " "Ah, hut you know how ho loves you, mother," interrupted Allan. Thoy wero on their way to tho gato by ibis time, Lady Emily in hor travelling hat and loose tan gloves, just as sho had been going about tho gardons and meadows in tho morning, Allan twirling bis stick in very gladness of heart. Thoy wero going to her. If she woro out, tboy would go nnd find hor ; at hor aunt's, at tho VicarAgo, on tbo links yonder; any whore but at Disoombo. Ho hopod she had not gone to Difioombe. "Yes, he is fond of mo, I believe, in his own way. Thoro nover wna a hotter husband," Lady Emily answered thoughtfully. " But I know, Allan ! I know 1" " What, mother?" "I know that I was not his first love— that I was only a pis alter — that there is somothing wanting in his life, and always must bo till the ond. I should brood ovor it all, perhaps, Allan, and end by making myself very unhappy, if it wero not for my farm ; but all those living oroaturos oocupy my mind. One living fox torrior is worth a whole piotnro gallery." Suzotte was at home. |Tko aftermath bad boen out in the meadow in front of MarBh House, a soraowhat swnmpy pleco of ground at somo seasons, hut tolerably dry just now, after a hot summer. Suzette and BissioEdgofield wore tossing the scented grass in the afternoon sun shine, and fancying thomselvts useful hay makers, Thoy threw down their hay forks at tho appro&oh; of visitors, and there was no more work douo that day. Tbey all sat in the garden talking, or wandered about among the flowers in a casual way, and while BobbIo and Lady Emily woro looking At tho content of the old green house, Allau found himself alone with Suzette in a long gravel walk ou the other Bide of tho lawn liko meadow, along tho length of whioh thero (was a broad border filled with old fashioned peronninls that had boon growing and spreading and multiplying thomscivos for half a century. A row of old medlar and hazel trees sholterod this border from the north wind, and hid tho boundary fonoe. " Dear old garden 1" oried Allan. " How much nioor an old garden is than a now one," " I hope you don't mean to disparage your garden at Beeohhurut. Our gardener is always oomplaining of the old age of all things hero. Everything is worn out. Tho trees, the shrubs. tho framos, the greenhouse. Ono ought to begin again from the very beginning, ho' says. Ho would be oharmed with Beeohhurst, whoro all things are so neatand trim." "Gookney triranoas, I'm afraid ; but ifyou are satisfied with it, If you think it not oltogctber a bAd garden " " I think it a delightful garden," said Suzotto. blushing at that word "satisfied," which im plied so muoh. "Iam glad of that," said Allan, with a doop sigh of contont, as if some solemn question had been settled. " And you liko my mother?" "Very much indeed. But how you skip from tho garden to Lady Emily." "And you approvo of tiro mandarin room?" "It is ouo of tho handsomest rooms I evor saw." "Then tako thorn, .Suzotte," lie criod oagerly, with his arm round hor waist, drawing tho slim figure to his broast, holding and dominating hor by force of will and strength of arm, smiling down at her with adoring oyci. "Ilavo thorn, doaiest 1 Mothor, garden, room — they aro all your own ; for they belong to your very slave. They aro at your foot, as I am." "Do you onll this boing at my foot?" sho nikod, sotting herself suddenly freo with a joyous laugb. "You have a vory impertinent way of offering your gifla." "Not impcrtinont— only dcspcrato. I romom- bered my repulso of the othor day, and I swore to mysolf that I would hold you in my arms — once, at least, if only onoo, even if you were to banish mo into outer darkness the next moment —and I havo done it, and I am glad ! But you won't banish mo, will you, Suzotte? You must needs know how I lovo you — how long and patiently I havo lovod you—" "Long! patiently! Why, we only met at midsummer." "Ah, conaidor tho nge that overy day on which I do not see you bus noemed to mo, and tho time would hardly como within your powers of computation. Suzette, bo merciful ! say you lovo me, wero it ever so little. Wero it only a love like a grain of mustard seed, I know it would grow into a wide and spreading tree by nnd by, and all tho days of my lifo would bo happy under Its shelter." " You would think me curiously, -inconsistent if I owned to loving you after .wlidtl said the' other day," faltered Suzetto/ looking down at the flowers. » " I should think you adorable." . ; She was only serious for a moment, and then Iter natural gaiety prevailed. . "Do you know that my aunt lectured me severely when I confessed to having refused your flattering offer ?" "Did she really ? How utterly sweet of her. After that, you cannot refuse me again. Your aunt would shut you up and food you upon bread and water, as fathers aud mothers used to do with rebellious daughters in tho eighteenth century." " I hardly think sho would treat 'me quito so ferooioutly for saying 4 No ' ; but I think she would bopleasodif I were to say 4 Ye?.'" 44 And that means yes, my love, my own 1" he cried, in a rapture so swift and sudden that he had olasped her to bit breast And snatobod the kiss of betrothal before she could check his impulsiveness. "You are my very own," he said, 44 and I am tho happiost man in England. Yes, the happiest — Did I way in England? What a contemptible notion 1 I oxnuot conceive the idea that anywhere upon thin earth there beats a human heart so full of gladness as miue. Suzotte, Suzetto, Suzetto 1" bo repeated tenderly, with a kiss for caob comma. 44 What a whirlwind you are !" sho remon strated. 44 Aud what a rag you are making of my frook. Ob, Allan, how you have hurried mo iuto this ! And evon now I am not quito sure — " 44 You are sure that I adore you ! What more need my wife bo sure of? Oh, my darling, I have socn wedlook where no lovo is — only affection ond trustfulness and kindly feeling — .all tho domestio virtues with lovo lift out ! Dearest, flu oh a uniou is like a picture to the color blind, like music to the stone deaf, like a landcoapo without sunlight. Thero is nothing in this world like love, and nothing oan make up for lovo whon love is wanting." 44 And nothing can make up for love when love Is wanting," repeated Suzette, suddenly serious. "Oh, Allan! what if I am not euro? it i (louDt my own teounga t" 44 But you can't doubt. My dearest, I am roading tho signs and tokons of lovo in those eloquent eyes, in those sensitive lips, while you are talking of doubt. Thoro is no ono else, is there Suzette?" ho askod, with quick earnest- nous. 44 No ono in the past whose image oomos between you and me?" 44 No one, no one." 14 Iu all your Indian experiences ?" 14 No one." 41 Then I am moro than satisfied. And now lot us go. and toll my mother. She hns boon waiting for a daughter evtr sinco I was born ; and, behold, at last I am giving hor one, tho swcoteit her heart could desire." Suzette submitted, and walked by his side in silcnco whilo he went in Roaroh of Lady Emily, whom ho finally discovered in the poultry yard with Bessie Edgefield. Allan's elatad air and Suzctte's blusheB woro a sufliciont indication of what had happened ; and when mother and son had clasped hands and looked at eaoh othor tboro was no need for words. Lady Emily took tbo girl to bcr heart aud kissed hor. 44 1 hopo your father will bo pleased, Suzetto." 44 1 don't think ho will be sorry." 44 And I know Mrs. Mornington will bo glad. Allan has her consent in advance." 44 Auntio is a very silly woman," said Suzetto, laughingly. And then sho had to onduro Bessie Edgefield's congratulations, which wero of tho boisterous kind. "Ofoourso you will let mo bo bridesmaid," she said, with that vulgar, practical view of things whioh wounds tho sonnitivenesa of tho nowly betrothed almost as muoh as an estimate from a furniture dealer, or a circular from an insurance office. (to be continued.) 