Lines on the Drought of 1869. \--o THOU Messenger sent forth from God To smite us with the chastening rod Of Heaven's correcting hand ; Oh ! that thine errand now were done, Thy warning beard, thy presence gone From our afflicted land. In vain we till our sin-cursed fields, Stern justice now the sceptre wields Our toils can nothing win ; Our earth is hard, our cisterns dry Like harder heart and tearless eye That never wept for sin. And thou, stern Mentor from the skies That bidst us from our follies rise How hast thy sickly breath Consumed the lovely summer flower And filled the fair domestic bower With tell disease and death. The barbarous Goth made idle boast That when he led his warrior host Along the verdant lea, Where'r his prancing charger trod He left behind a glassless rod This boast is true of thee. And following in thy ghastly train Gaunt Famine's skeleton is seen With visage sharp and spare, Mocking the voice that asks for bread And tottering on with ghost-like tread, And hollow, vacant stare. Wandering about in funeral crowds, Enveloped in their dusty shrouds, The tarnished beasts complain ; The brooklets* sands they vainly trace, Till weakness ends their fruitless chase A prey to eagles in the place Ere death has ended pain. When Drought marched o'er the Roman fields, Forbidding their accustomed yields Of corn, or oil, or wine, The Pagan heard the angry voice Of Ceres, and with sacrifice He worshipped at her shrine. But now how many voices blend To tell the mandate heaven would send What eloquence so deep As starving Natures dying groans, The putrid corpse, ¡he bleaching bones In many a ghastly heap. With patient love and bounteous hand Kind Heav'n has blessed this sunny land, But still we fail to learn The lessons which such mercies teach, And awful judgments now much preach With louder voice and stern. The gentle rain, the sunny ray May melt the granite rock away, And sullen icebergs part ; But man, ic hi» obdurate sin, Not Heaven's smiles nor tears can win His more than granite heart. Sackville, Sep. 16. U.U. 