THE DRAINAGE AND BOUN- DARIES BILLS. The Parliamentary machine is now running night and day. Mr. King- ston is engine-driver, and Mr. Holder is chief stoker. During last week the Treasurer submitted several bills for patching up the finances, which are in a very dilapidated state. One of the measures provides for putting last year's deficit of £98,000 out of sight by borrowing money on it by means of Treasury bills. This is a new way of paying old debts. Mr. Holder is fast making a reputation as a juggler in finance. He has another measure before Parliament for robbing Peter to pay Paul. Money was borrowed some years ago for specific purposes; and Mr. Holder proposes to transfer the balance of these loans to other works, some of which have been recently passed by Parliament. We suppose the South- East cannot growl much over it, as £50,000 of these loans have been transferred to the proposed South-East Drainage works. Never- theless, the financing of the Kingston Government is a Chinese puzzle, if not a muddle. It is high time the finances were put in order, and steps taken to reduce our interest bill in view of the favorable state of the money market at present. No Government will ever have a more favorable opportunity; and we would applaud the action of the Government if they called a special session of Par- liament after Christmas for this sole purpose. Parliament dealt with one or two measures last week which have special interest for the South-East. We con- gratulate the district on Parliament having passed the Bill for drainage in the South-East. The Bill passed the Upper House last week without amendment, and it now only awaits the Governor's assent; and as pre- viously mentioned the Treasurer has made arrangements for providing funds for constructing the main drain, and also for £20,000 to be loaned to District Councils for subsidiary drains. The Bill as originally drafted provided for the plans of the proposed drainage works to be laid before and approved by Parliament; but some members of the House of Assembly were suspicious that the Government would take ad- vantage of this clause to delay the works, and on the Premier being chal- lenged he added the following clause to the Bill:—"No further approval of Parliament shall be required for the construction of the main drain from the Hundred of Riddoch to the Hun- dred of Duffield, as shown in the Parliamentary plan signed by the Engineer-in-Chief and dated the 13th of November, 1895, and the cost of which work shall not exceed £30,000." The Government are therefore enabled to start the main drain at once; but if District Councils desire to go in for drainage they will have to obtain the consent of the Engineer-in-Chief. Furthermore, the Commissioner of Public Works can compel District Councils to undertake drainage works which he thinks are necessary. The clause in the Act referring to this states:—"The Commissioner may re- quire any District Council to under- take within their districts any drainage works for the common benefit of such districts, and such Councils shall undertake and complete such works accordingly, and the cost thereof shall be apportioned between such Councils, according to the advantage of such districts in shares, to be fixed by the Commissioner; and if any Council, after reasonable notice by the Commis- sioner, shall omit to undertake and complete any such works, the Com- missioner may himself undertake and complete the same and recover the cost from each District Council in the shares before mention- ed." In the Upper House Clause 11 in the Bill seemed to give cause for complaint. This clause says "In estimating the compensation or pur- chase-money to be paid by the Com- missioner or any District Council for any land acquired for the construction of any drain or drainage works, or any damage suffered by reason of such construction, the enhancement in value of any lands belonging to the person to whom the compensation, purchase money, or damage is to be paid, and the value of any other benefit or ad- vantage which such person may or shall obtain by reason of the construc- tion of such drain or drainage works, shall he deducted from the amount of such compensation, purchase-money, or damage." This may be termed a compromise on the lines of the betterment system, and really is intended to acquire land for drain- age purposes for next to noth- ing. By the Bill District Councils have additional responsibilities placed upon them. District Councils are to have the care, control, and manage- ment of all main and district drains within their respective districts and they have to maintain them in a state of efficiency, and if they neglect their duty the Commis- sioner of Public Works is author- ised to step in and do the work, the cost to be deducted from any money or subsidy payable by the Govern- ment to the District Council neglect- ing its duty. In the Narracoorte district there are two schemes of drain- age on foot. One is in the Hundred of Lochaber and Spence, which ad- join, but unfortunately the former Hun- dred is in the District Council of Narracoorte and the latter is in the District Council of Lucindale. Clause 5 in the Drainage Bill provides, how- ever, for this as follows:—"It shall be lawful for any two or more District Councils to combine for the purpose of constructing district drains or drainage works, and for carrying out or performing any of the powers or duties vested in or imposed upon them by this Act." The Engineer-in-Chief has sketched out a plan of drainage for the whole of the Narracoorte dis- trict, which includes the drainage of the Bool Lagoon, Lake Ormerod, the Moy Hall swamps, Garey's Swamp, and the Lochaber swamps, but the cost should be carefully counted before it is entered upon. The main drain proposed to be constructed at once by the Government will probably inter- cept some of the water which flows into the Bool Lagoon, and before entering upon any drainage works in this district the effect the main drain has upon the district should be noted carefully. Another scheme of drain- age on foot is one from Mr. Thomas Brown's land along the Caves Bead to the Mosquito Creek. The Narracoorte District Council Engineer states that he has devised a workable scheme which will drain the Caves' road flats and at the same time prevent the periodical flooding of the township. It is probable the plans for this scheme of drainage will be laid before the next meeting of the District Council, and councillors' will have to consider whether they will carry out the pro- posed drainage under the new Act. The Lochaber farmers have long been crying out for drainage; and the Drainage Bill passed by Parliament will enable them to attain their object. We are pleased that Parliament have passed such a useful measure as the South-Eastern Drainage Bill, and we only hope it will be productive of much good. The alteration of the boundaries of the electoral district of Albert seems to be a matter which the people at this end of the district is giving little heed to. It appears the District of Gumeracha adjoins our district some- where on the Murray River, and Mr. Homburg, one of the representatives of Gumeracha, proposes to cut a piece of our district and add it on to the Gumeracha district. We confess to a want of knowledge as to the merits of this proposal. MR. HOMBURG pro- posed to take several hundreds from us; but he has dropped three of the hundreds, and he now only proposes to take one. We thought at first Mr. HOMBURG intended taking over the village settlements, but it appears he leaves us with the settlements to reckon with as an important factor in the election of representatives for the district next April or May. If Mr. HOMBURG had introduced a bill for making a separate electoral district on the Murray it would have been much better. So far as community of in- terest is concerned the District of Albert is in a most unfair position. What in common has Narracoorte, Robe, Kingston, and Lucindale with the River Murray village settlements, or even the country surrounding the Lakes? We might as well be at- tached to one of the city constituen- cies so far as community of interest is concerned. We do think that Parliament should have dealt with this matter in a thorough manner or else left it alone; but we suppose Mr. HOMBURG has an axe to grind. OURSELVES.—In. order to give our employees an opportunity of sharing with others to some extent in the Christmas holiday festivities, and following our usual custom, the Herald will not be published on Friday next, the 27th inst. Corres- pondents and' advertisers having matter for insertion in that issue will oblige by forwarding it to this office not later than Monday next, so that it may appear in Tuesday's issue. THE WEATHER. — We have been experiencing extraordinary weather this summer. During November we had a drought followed by a big splash of rain. Then we had a period of the hottest weather that has been felt for years, which culminated in a series of severe thunderstorms and electrical disturbances. During the past week or ten days the weather has been cool, and so cold has it been at times as to make one imagine that winter was again upon us. On Monday evening squally weather set in and heavy squalls continued to blow up at intervals on Tuesday, accompanied by sharp showers of rain. The atmospherical con- ditions have been somewhat settled the last couple of days, and it still remains pleasantly cool. The rainfall for the week has been as follows:—16th, 190 points; 17th, 270 points; 18th, 25 points. Over an inch of rain has been registered at the local Telegraph Office so far this month. HOSPITAL CARNIVAL SPORTS.—Intend- ing competitors for the Sheffield Handicap and Handicap Hurdle Race are reminded that nominations for these events must be in the hands of the Convener of the Sports' Committee (Mr. F. Attiwill), to- morrow, Saturday evening, at 9 o'clock. The handicaps will appear in our next issue, and cards containing full programme of the sports will be obtainable in a few days. PRIVATE TRAPS AT THE CARNIVAL.— The Committee has resolved to admit private traps to the ground on New Year's Day on payment of a shilling, subject to their being placed where directed by the gatekeepers. Trap and passengers' tickets must be procured at the ticket window and collected at the gate. A cricket match was played at Border Town on Wednesday, December 11, between the Border Town and Mundalla Clubs. The game resulted in a victory for the Mundalla representatives, by 4 wickets and 6 runs, the scores being.— Mundalla, first innings, 40; second innings, 49 for 6 wickets; Border Town, first innings, 39; second innings, 47. A NOTED FACT.—Everything to make Christmas Happy and Jolly to be bought at the Emporium. VISIT OF GAWLER CRICKETERS. — A team representing the Gawler Cricket Club will visit the South-East during the Christmas holidays, and will play at Narracoorte on Boxing Day (December 26), and at Mount Gambier on December 27 and 28. The visiting eleven will be composed as follows:—E. H. Coombe, G. Moss, F. Ifould, H. Bischoff, W. Miller, R. K. Thomson, J. J. Thomson, E. Francis, A. Thomson, J. Crump, and Doherty. The team is said to be a fairly strong combination, and are ex- pected to give a good account of them- selves in the district. We hope the Gawler "knights of the willow" will have an enjoyable trip. If our cricketers wish to make a stand against the visiting team we think it will be necessary for them to go in for a great deal more practice during the coming week than they have been doing lately. There appears not to be the interest in the game that there should be among the players. The local club has the material to work on, but cricket, like everything else, requires practice. We trust that our cricketers will wake up for the remainder of the season and show what they are capable of doing if they only try. MAAOUPE SHEARERS' RACES. — The annual shearers' races was held at Maa- oupe on Saturday, and passed off successfully. The following were the results:—Maiden Plate, of £1 5s.; three-quarters of a mile.—Mr. A. Skin- ner's Jew Boy (A. Skinner), 1; Mr. C. McInnes's Wet Rag (McInnes), 2; Mr. McDonald's Browney (A. McConchie), 3\. Hurdle Race, of £2 5s., one and a quarter miles.—Mr. A. Aitken's Quick steps (J. Skinner),1; Mr. W. Goedecke's Parvenu (McInnes), 2; Mr. J. Gam- mon's Artless, 3. Maaoupe Handicap, of £2, one mile.—Mr. C. Saxon's Joan (A. Skinner), 1; Mr. T. McDonald's Minnie (A. McConchie), 2; Mr. J. Agnew's Carbine's Ghost (Agnew), 3. Pony Race, of £1, half a mile; for ponies under 14 hands—Mr. C. Watkin's May Queen (A. Skinner), 1; Mr. W. Carter's Dot (V. Garter), 2; Mr. A. Aitkin's Gaffney (G. Smith), 3. All- comer's Handicap, of £2 10s., one mile and a quarter.—Mr. C. Saxon's Joan (A. Skinner), 1; Mr. W. Patterson's Darkness (Campbell), 2; Mr. J. Hodge's Once Again, 3. Consolation, first prize bridle, with a sweep of 10s. added; half a mile.—Mr. N. Patterson's British Girl (McInnes), l; Mr. T. Mc- Donald's Minnie (W. McDonald), 2; Mr. J. Agnew's Carbine's Ghost, 3. Scurry, half a mile.—Mr. W. Patterson's Dark- ness (Campbell), 1; Mr. J. Hodge's Once Again (A. Skinner), 2; Mr. T. Mc- Donald's Brownie (A. McConchie), 3. NOTICE.—The Emporium must discon- tinue selling the Develine Whistle, it being contrary to the statutes of King William and Queen Anne. The champion Australian sire Trenton has been sold to Messrs. Wilson, sons of the late Sir Samuel Wilson, for £5,000. He will be despatched to England at once. AUCTION SALE— We have been re- quested to remind our readers of the auction sale of household furniture, etc., which takes place at the Agricultural Hall to-morrow afternoon at 2.30 o'clock. MELBOURNE WOOL SALES. — At the wool sales in Melbourne on Thursday the following sales wete reported: —WTH over A in triangle (Apsley)—8 of 1st cmbg. at 10½d, 69 1st cmbg. A at 10¼d, 18 of 2nd com. at l0d, 109 of 2nd com. A at 9½d, 22 of 2nd com. A at 9¼d, 86 of 1st and 2nd com. at 8¾d, 70 of 1st and 2nd do. at 8½d, NO over Mingbool (Mount Gambier)—44 of AH W and E at 10½d, 81 of BE at l0d, 64 of BH W and E at 9½d ; 37 of H W and E at 9¼d, 41 of skirts at 8½d, 30 of pecs. at 6¾d, and 13 of A lambs at 11¾d. Mil Lel—7 crsbd. 7½d, 1 Lincoln 7½d, 2 merino and mixed fleece 6d, 4 1st pcs. 5d, 2 1st and 2nd pcs. 3½d, 2 bellies 3½d, 1 bellies and locks 2¼d, 5 1st lambs 6¾d, 2 2nd lambs 4¼d. YES! Alright! Will meet you at the Emporium on Christmas Eve! COUNTRY CRICKET WEEK.—Mr. J. G. Bundle, the selector of the two southern elevens to play on the Adelaide Oval during Christmas week, has handed to the Cricketing Association the names of the intending players. In consequence of no South-Eastern players being available the south has been divided, No. 1 team coming from the eastern side and No. 2 team from the western portion. The elevens are:—No. 1 team—Messrs. O. Caust, Chain of Ponds; F. Caust and C. Schultz, Summerton; W. Ninham, F. von Doussa, and S. Cope, Mount Barker; J. C. Noack, Langhorne's Creek; W. Tinks, Milang; A. Ferguson, Norton's Summit; H. Hewitt, Point Macleay; and E. Sumner, Mount Torrens; emer- gency, A. Gates, Woodside; W. Hutch- ings, Lobethal; O. Witt, Lucindale. No. 2 team—Messrs. F. N. Leak and A. Jose, Sturt; D. McRae and E. J. Wheaton, Sellick's Hill; W. Colman and W. Cullen, Coromandel Valley; F. Sullivan, Willunga; Shipway, Clarendon; J. C. Dungey, Noarlunga; H. Bosan- quet, Happy Valley; E. Hyde Port Victor; emergency, A. Lovelock, Al- dinga; W. Carter, Kangarilla; and J. Hockney, Willunga.". We are at a loss to know why there is no South-Eastern players available for this match. The Narracoorte Club, which includes several players well worthy of a place in the South team, we think, could have sent a representative. There are as good cricket- ers in the South-East as can be found anywhere in the country districts, and if representatives cannot be found, it must surely be due to a lack of enthusiasm among the players. CHRISTMAS and New Year Cards. A better assortment and cheaper than ever. At the Emporium. LIMELIGHT EXHIBITION.—On Wednes- day and Thursday evenings Captain Fleming gave an exhibition of limelight views in the Salvation Army barracks before good audiences. Wednesday even- ing's entertainment consisted principally of views of places of interest to be seen on a voyage from Melbourne to England, and a number of pictures of prominent buildings and places in London. The machine which Captain Fleming uses is a powerful one, and the views came out perfect on the sheet. On Thursday evening a number of views of New Zea- land, which is renowned for its scenery, were shown, and these proved to be most interesting. Captain Fleming will give another entertainment at Narracoorte with his limelight lantern on the 31st inst., and we can recommend his views as well worth seeing. Long and Short! Look and laugh! And the Develine Whistle at the Em- porium. EXCURSION TO THE SEASIDE. — The Railway Department are running a special train from Narracoorte to Kingston on Monday, the 31st inst., when inland residents will have an opportunity of spending a day at the seaside, or for a longer period if they wish. An addi- tional attraction for visitors will be the Kingston Athletic Club's sports, which will be held on that day. The train will leave Narracoorte at 9.45 o'clock on the morning of the 31st inst., departing from Kingston at 6.30 o'clock in the evening. Tickets will be issued at single fare for the double journey, available for return within one month. We have no doubt but that the excursion train to Kingston will be largely patronised. THREEPENNY, Sixpenny, and Penny tables replenished daily at the Emporium. THE DISPUTED BOUNDARY.—The latest correspondence on the disputed boundary between South Australia and Victoria was laid on the table of the Assembly at the request of Mr. G. Ash, M.P. on Tuesday. It contained a letter, which has already been published, sent to the Victorian Premier last December by the Premier of South Australia, with his reply; as well as a long letter from Mr. Ash, written in May, 1895, in which he expressed regret that the Government.had allowed two years to pass since the pass- ing of the motion in the Assembly in 1893 without having done anything to settle the dispute. "The experience of 25 years," Mr. Ash said, "showed that no amount of letter-writing or argument or appeal to their sense of justice would avail in moving the cause of complaint.'' He further stated "that the application to the Imperial Government which was sug- gested in addition to the motion has been made, and has been replied to, leaving the path of the Government quite clear, and lead to the settlement of the question being tried before the Privy Council." Mr. Ash, alluding to the action of the Government since the matter was passed said, "Since then, as far as I have been able to learn, nothing has been done be- yond, as I gather from the newspapers, the writing by the Government of this colony of some severely-worded letters to the Victorian Government. My admiration and the admiration of my constituents for those communications as literary efforts and specimens of dignified satire and polished invective cannot hide from us who are so closely interested the fact that their composition was wasted labor, be- cause it was well known that the Victorian Government, which since 1869 has refused to listen to any arguments or appeals, would be uninfluenced by the masterly productions which have lately been eent to them would no doubt have been convincing. I feel sure that the manner in which the communications of your Government on this subject have been received by the Victorian Govern- ment will demonstrate the utter useless- ness of hoping to arrive at a conclusion by means of letter-writing." He concluded by asking the Government to give effect to the resolution of the House and settle the dispute in order to end the condition of affairs which in the South-East is already of serious danger and disadvant- age, and which year by year, as settle- ment and trade increase, will become more injurious to the interests of. the colony generally and especially to those residents in the border districts. Mr. Ash asked for a reply to this letter, but has not yet received one.—Advertiser. BUTTER MAKING.—A GOOD OUTPUT.— Since the Narracoorte Butter Factory was re- opened about the end of July last under the management of Mr. R. U. Paris, 27 tons 9 cwt. of butter has been made on the premises. This is an average of about a ton and a half per week, which is a large output. Most of the butter has been exported direct to London, but as Mr. Paris's butter is becoming better known locally the de- mand for it in the district is increasing. CROSS'S AROMATIC WAFERS.—We have received from the manufacturer and in- ventor, Mr. C. Cross, of Malvern, Adelaide, a box of his aromatic wafers. These wafers are most invaluable in time of sickness, as they, purify sick rooms, destroy microbes, disinfect clothes, linen, and furniture, purify the breath, and impart a most pleasant balsamic perfume, and preserve all articles likely to be infested with moths and like insects. The wafers are also beneficial to sufferers from lung and chest complaints, and immense relief is obtained by gently breathing or inhaling the balsamic per- fume when smouldering or by placing one in the mouth. We are sure that this latest Invention of Mr. Cross's will have a big sale as it becomes more widely known. Mr. Cross also sends us a bottle of his famous Indigestion Drops. THE TANTANOOLA TIGER.—Under the above heading the following telegram from Heywood appears in Monday's Argus:—A report reached here to-day that yesterday a farmer named Alfred Cowland, residing about nineteen miles from Heywood, while out in his paddocks at 10 o'clock in the morning saw at 100 yards' distance an exceedingly large animal, apparently a tiger, walking slowly and leisurely along. The animal apparently did not notice Mr. Cowland, who, although much alarmed, had an excellent opportunity of closely examining the creature, and from a picture of a tiger which he has at his house is fully con- vinced that the animal he saw is a genuine tiger. The statement made by Mr. Cowland has caused considerable sensation in the neighborhood, more particularly because the informant is a highly respectable person, whose veracity is unquestionable. BIBLE READING IN STATE SCHOOLS.—In the Assembly on Monday night the following resolution, moved by the Treasurer, was carried:—That a poll of electors be taken upon the following ques- tions:—Do you favour (l) the continuing of the present system of education in State schools? (2) the introduction of] scriptural instruction in State schools dur- ing school hours? (3) the payment of a capitation grant to denominational schools for secular results? THE INDEPENDENT COUNTRY PARTY.— A meeting of the members of the Inde- pendent Country Party was held (states the "Register") on Tuesday evening at Parliament House. Messrs. Gilbert, Giles, Hague, McLachlan, McDonald, and Cald- well were nominated a Vigilant Committee, to watch the interests of the Party dur- ing recess, and take such action as might be considered necessary. A unanimous vote of thanks was accorded the Chair- man and Secretary, Messrs. Gilbert and Caldwell respectively, for services ren- dered during the session. SOUTH-EASTERN DRAINAGE.—In the House of Assembly on Tuesday the Com- missioner of Public Works, in answer to Mr. Cock, said arrangements had been made for the surveyors to permanently peg out the South-Eastern drain immedi- ately after the holidays. Work near the crossing of the Kingston railway-line will be first undertaken. THE South Australian Treasurer has been receiving some windfalls, which have increased his receipts beyond expec- tations. He opened a letter the other day and found L18 in it, which was described as "conscience" money. A FIRE occurred at a cottage in Maid- stone, Victoria, last week, when Mrs. Rundle, one of the inmates of the house, and her infant child, were burnt to death. THE Northern Territory Estimates have been submitted to Parliament. The receipts for last year amounted to £63,959, and the expenditure to £62,528, without reckoning interest on bonded debt and other charges; and the total debit balance at the end of the year amounted to £349,573 without reckoning the loan indebtedness. The Estimates for the current year show that the debit balance on June 30, 1896, will be £425,525. TRANSFER OF LOAN MONIES. — The Government have introduced a Bill pro- viding for the transfer of loan moneys to the amount of £146,613. Among the items proposed to be transferred are £143 from the Cape Jaffa lighthouse, £654 from the Kingston jetty, £1,466 from the Rivoli Bay jetty, and 5s 7d from the Tatiara and Border Town railway. We should have thought the £654 on account of the Kingston jetty could have been profitably expended in repairing that structure. The purposes to which it is how proposed to apply this sum are as follows:— Railway accommodation ... £26,613 Drainage, South-Eastern Dis- trict ... ... ... ... 50,000 Development of the interior— advances to farmers, Ver- min Boards, &c.;, for ver- min-proof fencing... ... 50,000 Loans to blockholders, village settlements, and rural in- dustries ... ... ... 20,000 £146,613 THE CHRISTMAS VACATION. — The schools in the district will break up for the Christmas holidays to-day. Mr. J. Moyes, the head teacher of the Narra- coorte School has arranged for a breaking- up gathering in connection with his school to be held in the Agricultural Hall. The members of the Board of Advice will be present and address the children, and the scholars will go through calisthenics and singing, and the school fife and drum band will play selections. The parents and all others interested are invited to be present. The proceedings will commence at 2.30 p.m. DISTRICT COUNCIL CRICKET. — The challenge of the Penola District Coun- cillors to play the Narracoorte Councillors at Penola on January 8 has been accepted; but the challenge to play the return match at Narracoorte on the 22nd of January has not yet been accepted. WE have received the last issue of the "Pictoral Australian." It contains several views of Western Australia, and other pictures of interest. A colored plate giving a likeness of the Melbourne Cup Winner, Auraria, is also presented with the issue. LAW REFORM.—What is termed by the Premier a Law Reform Bill was re- jected by the Upper House on Tuesday by 11 to 9 votes. 