THE BISHOFS FIRST SEEMON. A PRACTICAL DISCOURSE. On Tuesday evening, at the. Festival Evensong. service held at bt. George's Cathedral,' the 'Bishop preached and spoke from Acts, oth chapter, 20th verse : —'Go' stand and; dpeak in the Temple to all people' all .the words of this, life.' He said that whatever it may mean to them, that evening was a remarkable uuc : m ma . me. xie nopea it was m some measure ah!- evening which they would remember, lor 'if, he began that day to.be their Bishop it depended in a very great degree-: as to how he began andphow he. would go oh, and they could but admit that the. conduct of their Bishop would be of very .great interest to nearly all of them for if he were sparedby God!s« providence to have, health strength and vigour, and' if he were given wisdom and understanding to rule over the cfrocese, there! was no doubt that under that divine, guid- ance much . g'ood would result. And so to all of tfhem that evening ought to be of very great interest, and of course, .. every one of them could understand quite easily it was of especial interest tb himself. He could not help.but contrast that evening with the last services he had in his own parish before heleft it, and it seemed very -wonderful that here, so far away, they were worshipping the same God in the same'. words, singing the same psalmsa'nd hymnsi : 'and lifting up their voices iu th* saine melodies to the Throne. of/Grace.'. And when he fir3t thought of what i he ! should' preach to them about that foyening, any number of texts ? presented . theinselves before him. _For example, there was the text in their evening lesson,; which couid not have been more appropriate, ' And when we were come to Jerusalem tho brethren received ' us gladly.' If that was the case with the Apostles of old who were sent by their Master to jireach the Gospel, ifc was no less true to-divy. If iie was writing a letter— the Acts of the Apostles in these days— he should thank God for. being able to say that when hecauie to Perth the disciples re ceived him gladly. .But. now he had chosen a, very simple test, because it would enable hiin. to pat before them definitely, practically; what would be his endeavour to preach to them as' long aa he was amongst them. 'Go stand in tho temple,. and speak to the people all the wordsof his life.' ' It might he asked by some , why- . he. a .young man had dared to come from the old. countryrto the Hew -laid' to; /rflflfi' t.\&h; rlinr'iaaa. n-nrl no one -vrpiild- date do, it unless they were under the.^ command of ' the Holy Spirit,' just, as the command came in the old days' Go: speak . to the ?pGGj$&? ; The Holy_Ghost was notsi'.eni'si these days as some' peopie.: thought. '?. Every man who felt a call within him to. a certain definite work in'lif e was spoken by the Holy Ghost, and he had no doubt he w.i3v spoken to when the call came to him from home to go 2nd speak to them in that temple all the words of this life. Nott the first command of the text -was ' Go.' It;came .fo -every man not only tothe clergy but to the laity as well. The second command was to ' Stand' and he wasafraid. there were very . few people who were bold enough to stand up f or Chris'tianity. -The next. command was to 'Spiat,'. and although many people were,; fond of talking 0! the trifling .matters of living,.very few ever spoke on- questions cosserning the higherlifel '.'''So andi^eakinthetemple' was the -? £ext command, and there was no- greater. ^privilege, than that which the preacher enjoyed in this re spect, and he hoped those who entered, the church building would, never for get and pray a little 'prayer for the preacher that he might speak bright words and draw them out of their sin3 to the.Master and learn the right life from him. Then, it was commanded that they should speak all the things of this ]ife.t There. was agreat difficulty with which they who preached had to contend. They, were apt to get into one groove and preach only about pnething, whereas they ought to preach to all the people about all.lhe.things .of this life. Why ? Because they had a number of people ? gathered , together time after time. One of them was full of sin and sorrow, one' did not: know how to -rei the right; idea; others were troubled with the caves of home andof business and they ? all wanted comfort . and strength, and the preacher must be a man of wisdom and Idiowledge before he couldiinpart.it. . ? The ,'. preacher's duty it was to set before, the people an ideal in life. ? We were most apt to take a few passages outof, the Bible, apply them ,to ourselves and ^eave out the rest. - ' It was also, the - duty of the preacher, to -tell, the people of the promises of : par don' hereafter, but on the other^.hand that the soul that sinneth would die ' Be sure your sin will find ?'.- you out.'. ' If ? duty was neglected .either ! here ... or hereafter punishment must follow.. ' We did not like to hear, about punishment. We wanted to rise without ' a'h ideal. We wanted victory' without battle, ' so it would be his duty to' try and put before them all. the words of this life ' just think for a moment ' said' the rev. pre late. We- are made in the inia-j-e of God. . He has placed us in this beauti ful world of His. Ho W. many of you are there, who are 'trying to do any good. .1 ? can . Bpeak absolutely freely' because I ? know absolutely nothing about the work you are doing. ? So I, ask— How many of you -listen/to the voice when it said cgo do your' duty/ and.. - speak to the peo ple.' A great many people; the Bishop continued, ' thought Christainity . had nothing to do. with .the ordinary every day, life., -It had- everything to do with it. It .ought .to make oui- everyday life grander and nobler, and should make 113 a. better people. It ouo-ht to make us better churchmen and church woinen and Christians to go about doino good. 'It; had struck him, that there was a. need. of earnest people volunteer ing to do 'work, for the Saviour. There were some who never heard the word of God from one month's end to the other and there .- were those . who were far away, would ; only.; be too thankful if Christain people .would^ speak'to - him Were -there 'none;of the clergy who would be' happy to help them ?-. That was just the message h'o had to deh'ver that evening. 'The comaianrl to. stand jind speak came to us. All of us wero followers oi' Jesus Christ imd were bound to do some srocd in our ?jouei'a- tion, and we^Tero bound, if the mess^e came to us, to go and speak, to say — ' Here am I ; send me.' 