AMUSEMENTS. 'THE MASQUERADERS" AT THE LYCEUM. Two seething sensations, tho fine acting of Mr. Titheradgo and Miss OlUffe, tho at tractiveness of new players, and a gen erously picturesque stago- sottlng, will moke what success Messrs. Brougli and Bouci- cault achieve with this melodrama. The play is one of thuso curious studies,) in hybridisation to which Mr. Henry Arthur Jones givos much time, apparently in the hope that he tnay achieve distinction as a writer of tho polite drama. For what he lacks of the wit of Wilde, and the construc- tiveness of Pinero, Mr. Jones has a com pensating cutoness which enables him to lighten the darkness of a dreary play with an occasional stream of lurid limelight from tho heroic drama. In "Tho Masque rade rs," for example, the dialogue Is uni formly dull; tbe llttlo (lights of fancy that its people make ore into cloudy space, where there are no stars; the cast Is over crowded by superfluous persons; the little sex preachments which aro seemingly in evitable in modern plays are the veriest fustian; tbe story is a pale romance; and, in short, there is a great waste of words. But twice in the night Mr. Jones liame3 in, possessed of the old Adam of the days of Wilfrid Denver, and gives us each time a lambent, vivid incident. Those excitements make the play; their environment is un interesting. One other element in the eclat of the re presentation must be tho fact that hero, as the sottish, brutal Sir Brico Skene Mr. Titheradgo tops his own great record. Skene and David Rcmon are competitors for tho love of Dulcie Larondie, a beautiful bar maid, whom hard fortune has compelled to earn a virtuous living at tho Stag Hotel. She wants life — enjoyment, dress, money, and tlio rest of the wicked things wo all covet, and are taught to despise. There fore she marries Skene, though, her heart is with Ronton, after Incident 1, in which the two men bid by thousands for a kiss from Miss Larondie — proceeds to go to a deserving charity— she repents, of course, and Rornon, returning from some observa tory, wliero ho has been observing sun- spoLs, finds Skene half drunk zuid wholly ruined. Thereupon ho proposes cards — his fortune against Dulcie and her child. Skeno accepts. It i'? "hltdi piny." as ho savs. ner vously; but he makes tho venturo, and is beaten. This is tbe point of tho play at which Mr. Titheradge over-mastered his audience, and thrilled thorn on Saturday night. His art was so fine that you could seo the emotions that moved tho man. At first abrupt, saturnine, and insolent, the seriousness of the game grew on him and found his weakness. Ho was a coward. The staring, uncertain eyes, tho half tremu- lous ejaculation, the quivering movements of tho hand— everything proclaimed the beaten brute. People leaned forward in tholr scuts while this was proceeding, fairly absorbed; and when the third cut was made and Incident 2 ended, ihore was a volley of cheering, not because Rcmon had woo, but in admiration of tlio acting tlrnt had clutched them. It was a magnificent per formance, strong in every fibre; mid, in tho way of by-play, nothing could bo finer than tho bccuu in which Skene, having triumph ed over Rcmon by winning Miss Larondio for his wife, slouched across the stage with an ugly leer — a clumsy, cold-eyed, victori ous brufee, with shoulders humped up, UaJr plastered down, and a heavy moustache straggling over his grinning mouth. It is certain that in MUs Olliffo wo have acquired a leading lady who either is or will be a great gain even to the Brough- Boucieault Company. Miss Olliffo is a tall, handsome actress with that valuable gift, a powerful, rich voice. She Is graceful, nervous, and quick — rather too quick; there was a suggestion of transcieney about her earlier scenes, when she was alternately coquetting with her suitors ajid confiding lior misery to a sweet and sad sister. But If thero was this fault, and a llttlo gau- clicrio now and again, they wore not suffi cient to deface an excellent performance. In the tearing scene where tho author has foisted some inconspicuous notions about marriage, morality, and kindred subjects on tho unfortunate heroine. Miss Olliffo declaimed with brave, bitter passion, and her sudden transition to pathos as sho wail ed, "It's martyrdom!" was finely douo. Equally earnest, though inoro forced, was her work in the last act, where Lady Skeno having lied to tho observatory with Remou, cannot find it In her heart to live with him, and he goes to an African locality, noted for its fovora, Of the othor "new peoplo" Miss Faber played the gentle sis ter very prettily; Miss Talbot, who will presumably be tho inquisitive sister-in- law, the proud unbending mother, and similar ladies of a certain age. was as vigorous as an actress of fine appearance and forcible manner could be in an insiguficant part; aud Mr. Corapton, who flashed on and off as an honorable idiot, suggested a dash ing light comedian. Tho disappointment of the cast was Mr. Ehvood, who played David Rernoa. Pos sibly liis manner was assumed for the impersonation of this dreamer. Wo may hope so, for it is hard to believe that Mr. El wood made an English reputation in spite of habit:; of drag ging his feet like a bad Hamlel following the Ghost, and of drawling his words in a fashion that really became laughable. Rcmon is a dull dreamer at best, a dull talker, and a boastful lover, so that between Mr. Jones' platitudes and Mr. Elwood's attitudes, tbe play marched with heavy feet occasionally. Mr- El wood's calm, deliberate acting in the gamb ling scene was better, however; the su periority of Remou over Skene was sharply indicated. In a very long cast there were Mr. Boucl- cault, as Eddie Reinon, an earnest, definito impersonation of a youth who talked in definitely about finding better worlds than this; Mr. Ward, as Montagu Lushington, a gentleman who supplied the indispens able "affair" with another gentleman's wife; Miss Noble. Miss Temple, Mr. Carey, and a host of others, whoso gay dresses and scarlet coats rnado a series of pretty effects in tho first act. Tho piece was handsfraely staged, scenes Living been painted for it by Mr. Geat- cher. There was a slight mishap here and there, but, in general, tho play bad full justice rendered it. From the side of the footlights, however, it looked like a case of art misapplied, for "Tho Masquera- ders" has neither tho humor, tho wit, nor tho tragedy — except some semblance of it in Dulcle's misfortunes— that one usually finds in this class of play. "£3000 FOR A KISS." EDDIE REMON: "I FEEL QUITE HAPPY." "AND YOU LOVE HIM?" "YES." "YOUR WIFE AND CHILD ARE MINE." 