Pl*^li»* ^sm^t. Wednesday; 240i Jvly, 1895. ? .-? ?*?' - * - * ???' --? ' ? i*torigi»*Frt-tai8* Beari-Erteim .tfA« $*-. ►-. prone Court- ZtcZdhy^&tnr;* Sk****, E* V «k»kw reAgriadtiind Bureau- Medxti Act \- J ^obot JMK -- first readiag-FertSUserimd ?'? Feeding Stiffs BUI: first readif^Soatlurti ?-' Cross- CoOgtirdu fattica? Coktntet— &****? | JTorib-fc««£ttee-i«.» -*, -*««- **?»«- t million JKH .- -s6»wZ readtag ; m coamtttee— F Jfwactprf Institutions . #» ; in ctmmittu W Ltmdatmt Comcffs Message re Depositing of W'€ Stoned #c^ in Eirer at Btxkg Bays ta com. m, miftee—Poluy of GorenmaiX re Education §£.. -QuesUtm- MehagefnmSiiExeeUeneyOteAd' |r. uixaamtor—Adjmiriaient. %' The SPEAKER took: the chair at 4.30 6* -Jfeloek p.m. ' . fc ..-PJS4TEBS., - ' f' ABORIGINES PROTECTION BOABD. &V3;£a».LEA^B,forMr. Simpson, in accord ft&mm; with notice, asfced the Premier, whether ^.iehaaauy further information with regard £ to the Aborigines Protection Board. : | V .The PEEMIEB (Hon.- Sir J. Forrest) Je llied that the. Bfll passed last session had Maefen forwarded &r; iie signification of Her LtHajestj'fi pleasure, but that no reply had yet pbeen received in the matter. || SEECTION OF NEW SUI)P3IE COUBX §\ ' Jji. LEAKp,,in. tccordanoe with nofice, %- asked the Premier, whether the Government ^Intended shortly to erect ;oew buildings for $Wiu» of the Supreme tanrt. pT 'The'PBEMIEE (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) re Hilicd that the Government purposed to ask Parliament for a Vote for the purpose upon §&-ihe Estimates. W ' W- BSTUBN SHOWING EO?ENpiTUBE« &~ ' AGRICULTUKAL'BPREAIJ. W^ WR.B.F ^6tL,inac«»rdancewifliiiotice, Ignovedfor a. return in detail to the 30th June, SpKahowing — P* 1. How the sum of ^600, votea for the f services ofthe Agricultural Bureau last Session IfSr iay portion of it, had been il?e»W.. I?,- 2. B theabqve sum has been exceeded, the p ;»oimt of the e«ess-and how emended. £&' Question put and passed. - ? &; -MBDICAtr ACT AMESDMENT BILt. P '? Introduced by Mr. Lkakb (for Mr. James), [fc^^jd read a first tame. - '. f? -- - ...-..-..-..? g£''' FEHTUJBEBB AND FEEDING STUFFS fc - , ??? BILL. , f&'' IMrodnced by the Commissioner-- of Crown PfiwdB (Hon. A.: S. KdiatdBon), and read a iKfTrsttima. ' .' ' .'.'''. .' .. . T \- afa. MGBAK in. accordaiice wi& notice, Stowed -Tteta copy of the contract for ihe ^strnctioii of tfio Sontkem Croa^Coolgaidie ^^rar ImB-be; Jaid *n 1fce.-.1pi**_*ift*=-. %Ub tts amount of the famder for &e; ^^constrnc- *&m; of the railway attention ta Coolgsfliie ^Mi'-ao lowfliat probrioly it would iiot cover vthe actual cost? of the workjaad Aconsegufi&t; lotion casing Bdme agitefion ™b****» ilpwiJiecWiirafitor was going to mate uptne ^ which inurt ensue to hhn-wbether there Iwb' some special Brrangement by wbich the fiontractor waste be enabled to matesa profi* t^tte terms on which he obtaixed the.loto of ? «feo&s; from it* Government, or by prices to Hbechargea to the publicfor nringtfaa flections ^ESbs aa feey became progresswely ready for ISamiag traffic He (Mr. Moraa) wished to ibeina positwn to know, and to answer Jiues Sfitms- put by hia constituents, as to what = ipecial anM^ement existed, if any; because »f ijto- contractor was depending °u thetaMficfor ? -his profits, or for making «p loss on «»fi «m Uract,the difference mastj-e obtained by t^ulihiq*-!rj3**& the public than would *'a»the?wise be necestary during the; period ^jallowedforaecoastriciion, He-Mr.Moran) * cashed toaefe that those for .whose benefit lias \- nilway was being constructed were hot to be C Aa«ed tmdtily high-wtes.fbr enabling the ?T wmtoctc* to .mate up any loss on the wort of «?' ««stmction Uaough its having, been con ' taacted^bt^tBolowaprfce. . ? '' *? f Tax CQMMISSIOHKfi OF RAILWAYS : ^Agreed; agreed. . ~- Question putaad passed. K- LICENSED eUKVBYOKB BILL. WL * -THiEDBKADINQ. . M Bill read a e^dtimeand passed. 'Ordered %L ttat «ie Bin be transmitted, by message to ^?flie Jiegfeslak-re Council, and tbfiir concurrence ^-^.desired therein. jr rHSOPOBBDPOBLIC WOEKS COMMITTpE. K. Ms. HARPEE, in accordance with notice, Wl toovad 'aiat it is desttame, in. the best » Sn4esteof^e. colony: 1. 03ia*aU projected mi aribiVcworts should be. reported upon by p BL«wimiitee appointed f6r &b; purpose, before. K any such worts are undertaken. 2.Thatsuch fe committee should be independent of Minis Bt tonal control.' He said:. This is not the firsji p^ tim««a»questioahaabeenbeforeParliament. P? I &mk; in 1890 the question was introduced, P in the debate on the AddreBS-in-Beply, by the I «ien hon. member for Tort (Hon. S. H. % SKrker), and it was alao introduced in a motion f * Bobaeguently made in another place. The £ , onlyobjection raisedto itat that time was M that ft might delay the consbniction ©f public F worls. Everyone must recognise the enor i«€' moua amount of wort that has fallen on the |- shoulders of Miniaters, in the rapidly extend tf¥ fag development of the colony ; and it is jP fljmostimpoaable that the Mmister* can give fe^ttatfuU consideration to the matters which W should be considered before public works are W~ anderlaken. H such a committee were fib* ^pointed here, as has been done in other §f colonies, and ff proposed workB. were referred Kf to the cdmmittee for careful eonsideration, Hg- ftOiaono«h4t0iifioa}er,.theirengafiymight Wf* -&io;*r tiome Mght oamatters which, under the mF* preBeatuatial sfceess »f business, Ministers are m ^otaUe.to 5=onaider.,aiorough3y., Weatt; g^' bk titot Ministerfi are in a great degree Wt 3wand I to teta i$e advice of their officers j and ^ if those «fficers advise that a^articular,, work Wgj caisnot beidone. MSiBBteis feaveto €^e-waji K^ «? generally. *- so. .-Iihink we had an instance ^^^Cthat i few 4Bvanhjgs ago, when rnnderstood lE^^^^^aiBr to «ay *hafc one efficer of the w«uldbe impossible to make a road through «is Park on Mount Uliza, if the contract.r was to be allowed to cart over the road the material required for making it. '?Ebb Pbexxes (Hon. Sir J. FortesQ : The officer said it would be impossible to. make a good road in that manner. j,Mb. HAKPEB-. But in Teference to nearly * all the roads in the colony, all contracts let fey Boads Boards do specify that the contactor in each case must cart the materials over the 'par- ticular roads for the purpose of conscttdating frh«n In practical life, it is quite possible to make roads to carry very heavy traffic, in a manner which this officer of the W^tkB De portment osys cannot be done. There axe many ways in which such a committee would be of service to the Government of the day; and it would also be a buffer between them nn«? the people who may be disputing about the rival routes for a railway. .The Ministry ~ of the day would be able to say they had in dependent reports on the particular work that was desired, and would thna be able, in a great degree, to tiirow lite responsihiliry for the selection of a particular route on ishoulderB other than their own. The committee would also, at times, beof sons© sendee io jflie WorSa Deparbnentitealf, as Ae aepartment might thus Tget the views of pracfrireri persons which might not otherwise be obtained. Mb-Geoeob: The department won't pay any attention to them. ? . .' -:: -. Ms. 'HABPEB ; 'With regard to bnildings also, I am sure that a goodjuany people think that, in some of our public buildings, utility is Bometijnes sacriSced to appearance ; iuid I have a case particularly in my mind, of a hospital building at Newcastle, which was designed in the Public Works ' Department, but which could not be used for a couple of years after is was built. Whether it was /becauee the out side of the hospital was considered of more im portance than the interior frraT1g»-ni'*T'*ig I do not know, but the building was' considered unfit for habitation as a hospital until some considerable alterations were made.; ' For these reasons, and for many others which will occur to hon. members, I hops this House will accept what has been tried, I believe satisfactorily, in other colonies. The Pi£EMiE2 : la what colony! MrHAUPJEB: In New South Wales par ticularly. ;?.-'? Tsk Fbshtjcb : That is only for railways, I think. . ? Mb. HABPEB: Z now move the motion standing in my name. ' The PBEMIEB (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : I am sorry at all times to oppose any motion that the hon. member brings forward, because 1 recognise most fully that his object and desire is to encourage economy and good Govern ment ; but I really think this plan, if put into operation, would not be found to be efficient. I am aware that there is in New South Wales a Public Works Committee— oomposedl think of members - of both Houses— which reports upon projecteiraaways. That body has been in existence some years, and,' as far as I am aware, it has worked fairly welL But it seems to me the principle strikes at the very foundation ; ofjwhat we term Besponsibte.Government. It is a sort of bnjfer .trader which the Ministry of the day tan shield themselves £r«m reBponsi bility. Audi after all, I ask hon. members whether they think the time has arrived-Hn this colony, at any rate— when we require such a buffer between the Government and the Legislature: We are fortunate in having, in this colony, as representatives of the people, gentlemen who are cognisant of the affairs and wants of the colony in. its several partB— who have personal knowledge, in a great many in stances, of aU parts of the colony; and I think those representative* are as competent to give an opinion, and to judge as to the necessity of any public work that may be proposed, as would be any committee that this House and another House would be likely to appoint After all, this kind of enquiry would be only an intermediary stage, for the report of this committee would have to be submitted to the Legislature, for approval or decision upon it, and the result of such procedure would be delay. If you want to delay any par ticular public works, of course that,, can be effected by appointing a lot of com mittees and irresponsible' bodies; because that is what they are— 4hey are responsible to no one, and you can do nothing to them when once appointed, nor can you thrust then out of office, exceptby not re-appointing them in the next succeeding session of Parlia ment. This plan of a pnblic committee re minds me of theold Finance Committee which was in existence some years ago ; and, looking back on that time — [Mb. &. ¥., Sboij. : A very useful body.] — I say ho more obstructive in stitution was ever invented for hampering any Government: EMk:-B. F-iBnoK. : Whosetoes did it tread on?] It trood-bn-iiie toea of pro gress in this country. I have some knowledge of it, and, without wishing to speak disrespect fully of ^^its members, 'who were all men of. .re pute and positionin tiie .country,! say that for GoveBsment to have to go cap-in-hand to -'? any irresponsible body of men : and ask them, ' Will you be good enough to allow us to spend a hundred pounds in building a Court-house or a road through the country, because, our vote is exhausted?' — if that is Besponsible Government, then I do not wish to 'see such Besponsible Government. Nomore3mminat- . ingposition «qnld be invented than thepoai tiou of a Government wishing to spend money for purposes which they considered nebessary for the development sad progress of the colony andyethaving togo toabodyof meuandast their permission before the money could be spent on necessary works. lam glad to say all that eystem has been swept away under the new Constitution, and' that ' the Govern ment of the day have the right to take on themselves the duty of doing wbat they con sider necessary in the interests of tiie country, and that this House has the right of saying whether they approve or not of tire actions of the Government* I had something to do with theold Finance Committee, and! remember they used to call me up before item and examinemeas if I were some defaulter ; and question me as to expenditure as if I had some personal interest in it» and as if I were going to take anomproper advantage in some way. I had a great deal of taouble an getting that committee to consent to ti»e buHding of a telegraph line. All I catf say w ^Hu* it was not Besponsible Government, vacA I uo not want to see any more of thai system in this colony. T cannot underatand what the hon. inember ^p'. driving a^. in tiiis.moiaori Doea he mean that every 'proposed jtublkt «wk55 to he suhmitted to ^ifae '^mxx^m before it is undertaken, or before the a-aount j for the vork is placed on the Annual j Estimates? Does he mean that the Govern ment must ask the committee whether they approve of the plan and the site' of a proposed building, and whether tfsey approve of the particular work being carried out or not? Is it to be before the Estimates are framed, or after the Estimates aie framed, ihat the committee is to examine into the proposed work. If it iB to be before the Estimates are framed, then the committee bad better take over the framing of the Estimates. Ifitisto be after tiie Estimates are framed, then the committee had better takeover the manage ment of the work. In either caBe, I do »ot know where tte responsibility of the Govern ment is to come in. The committee might think ihat a particular class of building should be erected somewhere else, or that the class of building proposed by the Government would not suit the particular purpose. I do not flank you will find any Government willing to carry on, in this colony, under these conditions. The faeory of our constitutional system is -i»at the Government are responsible to ike country and toPariiamentforeverythingtheydo; and the Government cannot shield themselves behind acommittee. In regard to the Public 'Works Committee in Sew South Wales, I cannot say whether it carries out its functions well or not; but we must remember that, when the committee system was introduced into that colony, their main lines of railway had been constructed, and the committee had to deal oulyw«i«iepropoBal8forbraiichline«. leay in regard to this motion, as I said in regard to the question when it was raised in the eesaou of 1891 in the other House, that it is too early for us in this colony to embark on these novel ideas. I think this House will be wise if it holds theGovernment responsible, individually and collectively, for all expenditure, and then the House will know whom to look to, and whomtocharge withany misdeeds, and wJl not have to go looking about for irresponsible committeea or persons who, though they may be elected by this House, will certainly not be regarded as responsible for public works in the way that Ministers are regarded as responsible. Mb. ILLINGWOBTH: I Hunt sue wjew, sought to be gained by the faon. member for Beverley is an excellent one. Ijustdesireto express the conviction that so fax as asmaller committee such afl he suggests which enste in Victoria is concerned, it had its origin through the manifold -applications for all sorts of rar. ways inall parts of ihe colony. These railways were eatimatedtocoat*5,0(»,000,or ^6,000,000, and as the Government of the day had only £1,000,000 at their disposal for railways, the Committee was appointed to decide which ofthe railways applied for were worthy of the amount voted being expended upon them. That committee therefore was created under very different circumstances to those prevailing in this colony at present I do not suppose Par liament will vote money for railways without having eome idea of the work they propose to do, or vote moneys for anypubSe work without having a dear idea of what they mean to do Conseaueuti.y the atasfcration of the other, colonies is not on all fours. The committee in New, South Wales had iteorigia in a similar way. Ido not think it is desirable to take these responsibilities away from a email House like this. The idea may work very well in a large country like fiagland, or even Hew South Wales in which colony they have 132 members, but in a Parliament of this size it would be advancing too fast to elect a Committee of this .kind. If the jtroposal had come further on in our history,! would be disposed to support it, because if our circumstances were the came as those of the other colonies, the committee , would be most effective and desirable. I think if the hon. member for Beverley consults the interests of hU own men of the question he wOldefer it. The Government ought to be capable of directing all the public works we are likely to launch out in for some years t come, and the House should be able to check the Government in spending money for them. The practice of ref ering these matters to Com missions in nut & good one for I never knew a Commission yet that did any good service and iheir work is only of a whitewashing charac ter, if this House is not capable of spending the money of the people properly the sooner another is substituted for it the better. To appoint a committee at our present stage would be t& reflect upon the Colony itself, although at a future time, when the conditions are different I would be disposed to support a similar proposal at it would be useful to us. At present it would not be. Therefore I shall vote against the motion. Mb. S. F. SHOLL : I believe Public Works Committees have been appointed both in Vic toria and New.South Wales, and I think their dutiesareto collect by evidence, information on proposed public works for the benefit of Par liament, before any work is undertaken. They obtain reliable information which placeBmem bers in a better position to decide whether the work should be done or not. Had that been done bafore the Yilgaru railway was con strueted, no doubt the committee would have recommended that the line should start from York and the colony would have been saved thousands of pounds. Ak Hon. JSxxsbs. -. How ? Mb. K. F- SHOLL: Because the line would have traversed better country and would not have cost so much. The Pbkmizr (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Where would they have got Hie information from ? Ms. B. F. SHOLL : They could have called evidence. The PBsanBB (Hon. Sir. J. Forrest) : The Government cannot get the information. Mb. B.F. SHOLL : Again such a committee ? could gather information regarding the pro posed railways in the South for the benefit of Parliament, and I guarantee that when these works come before us for consideration ? we shall have as little information as we had on the last occasion when we discussed them, Theold FinanceComnuttee, worked admirably. No Government could then spend money without the sanction of Parliament. I quite ? nBderstandthedislikerftheGoverttment^-our ~. .present Government «t any -rate, to such a . body, when they would be prevented from giving sops to .different districts whether it . was in the interests of tba country to give -: them or not I doiaot know whether the Pre- -' mier had much to do with Ihat committee. In those days he was in a very different position and had nolHungto'dowitti theTflgar' ~'*kj inaff *«ej?f««a*pB to swvey % land, ^ r^- . — ? — ^r ? ~ : : THfePsKHXxm (Hoa. £ir J. ronpafc) : I ««»« evidence. Ha. E. p. SHOLL': I think, however, the Finance Committee is besidethe question before us. ThesQonerweelectaFublicWorfcsCommit tee the better, and I think the members would have to' be remunerated for their services. I shall support the motion. Mb. GEOBGE: I shall not support the motion because no particular good can be derived from such a committee. I would ask the hon. member for Beverley to ask himself how far the motion is to go. He says that all projected public works are to be reported upon by a committee. Does he mean works of a major or a. minor character from the building of a railway to the making of* drain? I take it, that if the motion were carried, theGovern ment could do nothing but resign at once as the committee would be free from Ministerial control. I take it also that the committee should consist of independent men. Mb. Illikg worth: Another want of confi dence motion. Mb. GEOEGE : I think it is, and I am sur prised the Government have not taken it as such. t Me. Mobaxt: The Opposition are voting with the Government. Me. GEOEGE: We have confidence in the Government in some things, if not in alL I think we ought to have » Finance Committee ss its operations would have saved for instance the weary debate on the Excess BflL By ap pointing the committee proposed by the notion, I think a great many necessary public works will be delayed, a circumstance which would do incalculable harm to the colony. If such a ei mmittee were formed, it should consist of practical men and experts, and we cannot form such a bedy from the members of this House to deal with the complex ques tions ihat would arise. I am -certain the Hon. the Director of Public Works would almost quake in his shoes if he *»i'i to go before tt»-*'» Ms. Ilunciwobth : He never quakes. Mb. GEOBGE : I am afraid be would if be had to go before a committee of practical men because he might be asked questions which he would not be able to evade. Then the En gineer-in-Chief the Alpha and Omega of Public Works is not likely to submit to be cross-questioned by the Committee, if it were . composed of laymen. This question is not one upon which we can oust the Government. We can try to do so on the Education Question but not on a trivial motion like this. I hope the hon. member, therefore, will withdraw it, as I am quite certain, be does not wish to narrass the Government. If it were carried the Hon. the Director of Public Warke should resign and £ am quite' certain hon. members would not like to see him do that. Mb. PIESSE : The hon. member for Beverley is no doubt prompted *y a good object in mov ing this resolution, ^t'li^ B'-^. the Premier's question as to what the mover was driving at can be answered in this way. If a committee ? had been'3spp6intecl' to.'f omish information to the Government beforfe public buildings, for instance, were erected, no doubt the people would have been provided with' better build ings. I quite agree ii'tfceeame time, that -we cannot take the matter -out of the twmflg of the Government,* andif-weeanaot trust them to carry on the public works of the colony proper ly, we must express our want of confidence in the usual way. I think the Government should well consider lite effect of ih& motion if it were carried, and endeavor to. remedy the defects pointed out by the hon, inember for Beverley with reeard to thedesisns foroublicbuildinsB. Che hospital at Newcastle, the designs for srhich were prepared; by the Public Works Department, has been built piecemeal as many Dther buildings has been. The hon. member lor Beverley also referred' to other instances where heavy expenditure has been incurred in **iwting gmn.11 buBdings, and also to Hie proposed road through Perth Park; no doubt the designs for the latter work will provide a lasting thoroughfare, still such, expensive works are far beyond the requirements of this colony at present. We should study economy more than we have doneand reform the system of designing public buildings and reduce reckless expenditure. In some places small buildings have, I think, colt .£600 or £700 where they could have been erected for .£200. Ido not agree with the motion altogether; but X certainly think something- should be done to prevent a repetition of the mistakes made in designing public bnildings in different parts of the colony»for I think those who have seen .some of the buildings, must admit that there was some fault In the designs. ? Mr. MABMIOK: Most of the speakers seem to be under a misapprehension in regard to the committee. One hon. member would lead the House to believe that it should consist of architects, engineers and scientific men, who would look into the designs of every public building, no matter with what care they might be erected, and that further the com mittee would advise upon the character of any railways which might be constructed. If the committee were appointed, it seems to me, they would advise as to the necessity of public worts rather than as .to their character. That is the purpose for -which these committees have agree with the Hon. the Premier and iho hon. member for Nannine that the time has not arrived for a committee «r this description. Parliament is quite capable of dealing with any public workB that may be introduced by tii je or any other Government, in this or in future years. We are all well acquainted with the requirements of Oic colony ; and I am per fectly certain that any Select Committee ap pointed by this House would be as fully cap able of dealing with any- question, either of building of of constructing — even the construc tion or a railway — as would be a committee which, it is proposed, shall be fraofrom Minis terial control. In order, to be free from Ministerial control the committee would have to consist of members of the existing opposition but it eouHM*jbe composed of any members in either House because tibey are all more or less amenable to Ministerial authority. There 1 fore it will consist of gentlemennqt in Parlia [ jteas. As to Ots complaint concerning designs of Parliament, if the Government architects fail, they can easSy be replaced by bringing pressure to bear upon the Government of the day. I do not thtek jhe time is ripe for the ?appointment of this committee and will there fore aotEupportihe resolution. Ths DIEECTOE .OF PUBLIC WOBKS (Hon. H. W. Venn) : ThePremier has touched on the principle underlying the resolution; and X irc«ld like tospeat in*egard to^g $ca '' ^ * ' 1' ensations which the hon. member for the Wil- j Earns (Mr. Piesse) made against the Public Works Department I think his *eal ran away j with bis discretion, and I defy him to cite any public buUding, and I do not except any con structed by this Government, that could have been done cheaper than it really cost, be cause all work is lfet under contract and the lowest tender is accepted. The fault lies with hon. members themselves, in adopting a cheese- paring policy when the Estimates are under discussion, so as to have erected in their own particular districts, buildings for .£500, which cost £1,000. The result is that the estimate is always exceeded. Even then they are only partially buflt and have tobefinisbed piecemeal as the hon. member has stated. That is what occurred at Newcastle over the buHding of the Hospital; but the hon. mem ber will have no fault whatever to find with it now. The money voted for the work origin ally did not go far enough, and the profes sional gentJemen would not go in until an operating room, a dead house, and other ont buildiugs were erected. I think the hon. member for Williams bad in his mind -when he spoke, two Post Offices which were built on the Southern line. An Hon. Member: What did they cost ? The Pkemibb (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : About £1,000. The DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WOEKS (Hon H. W. Venn) : It -was found that with the money voted, it was impossible to provide the necessary accommodation. The Govern ment could have erected wooden buildings of four rooms and a verandah, but it is their duly to put up substantial edifices and there is no building erected by the Government which is not substantial and which does not provide the accommodation required. Mb.Geobse: What about your own offices? Ths DIKECTOB OF PUBLIC WOBKS (Hon. H. W. Venn) : Ton have not given us money enough to do that workproperly.but the House will be asked to vote a large sum to extend them. It is unfair to attack the Government architect, as he is one of the best in the colonies. The hon. member for Albany laughs, but only a short time ago he complimented me upon the design of the post office at Albany. The appointment of the suggested committee could not improve the designs of public buildings ; but if the official ever fails to give satisfaction, the Government can get another man. The Government have to be guided in the matter by their profes sional advisers in whom they have every confidence. The buildings constructed so far have been on the whole satisfactory. I feel sure hon. members will see that ihe proposal of the hon. member for Beverley is premature. Mb. LEAKE: I am very glad that the hon. member for Beverley has brought this matter forward, and if he is not successful in carrying his motion, the ventilation of ihe subject in consequence of tbe motion having been tabled wiUdo a great deal of good. The object of the bon. member was not, I take it, to merely have a fling at the Public Works Department, but rather to bring before this House and the country generally the general administration TiFith regard to the public worts of the colony, and, if possible, to suggest that there could be some improvement in existing methode. I do not think the hon. member who has the con trol of the Public Works Department will say that no mistakes have been made. I believe it is a £act, although I do not speak from my own knowledge, but I am informed that at one place a post office was built, and there was actually no letterbox provided. 1 ao not know if this is a fact, but I am informed that it is. The Pbemiek (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Where is the place? Mb. LEASE: I am also informed that in another place there are all sorts of complaint* as to the posifion of the letter boxes, the tele graph rooms, and so on. What I regard as being the most valuable point in the sugges tion is, that it draws the attention of hon. members to the fact that the time is approach ing when this House will have to seriously consider, not merely the question of construct ing public works, but of the railways, and to decide whether or not the railways of the colony should be managed under the control of a Board of Bailway Commissioners, such as exist in the other colonies. I do not notice whether the hon. member considers whether the wording of bis resolution will embrace this, but as the hon. member did not refer to this branch of the subject, it is probable that he does not intend tbe resolution to embrace the question of railways. The idea of the hon. member appears to be that there should be some more proper control over Hie adminis tration of the Public Works Department, and there is no doubt we have heard several com plaints, not only during the recess, but also since Parliament met. It did not appear to me that the hon. member desired to unnecessarily tie the hands of any Minister, but that he had really brought this subject, forward in a spirit of fair criticism and with a desire to assist and promote the best interests of the country. It cannot be said of the bon. inember for Beverley, as it would most un doubtedly be said of me, that he is moved to this resolution out of a spirit of factious opposition. I do not thiak there is really very much matter for consideration in the resolu tion at tbe present time, and at the same time I regret that there does not appear to be much possibility of the hon. member being able to carry his motion in proper form. If it is not forced to a division I sincerely trust the hon. member will not allow the subject to drop, but that he will direct his further attention to the work of the Works' Department. It is stated that the Civil Service Commission was doing this at the present time, but so far that body appears to have made such little pro gress that it is not in a position to enlighten as at the present time. If it is found in the future that any board of advice will be necessary it will, of course, be most advisable for it to be placed beyond Ministerial control, but then comes the questibn whether the members of this Board should or should not be paid. If anything is done now it will only amount to a matter of affirming a principle, and after the discussion that has taken place I have no doubt the hon. member will not see fittopressii. At the same time I think the matter is one of such importance that I would press those hon. members who take an interest in this question, and who have a practical knowledge of what is necessary to ventilate the subject now that it is before the House, i and give other hon. members ifce benefit of I this too wjeds^ ThkCOMMISSIOKEEOT?CSCW2; lASBS (Hon. A. R, BichnTdson) : In juMice to the hon. member for Ecverlcy, I would like to say, Mr. Speaker, that in uiy oi-inioa 1« 1::ls been totaiiy icLsuiiderstood i.y coaie Loa. members who Imvc saOrc^ed thoIJousc. The intention of the hon. monitor is not, I bslie re, to censure the Public 'Woris' Department, cr to sack to control its administration, or to control tbe acts of the Govern ment in any way whatever. His idea appears to me to be that we should have a committee of advice, vriih more extended scope than that given to an ordinary Select Committee. A committee; formed en the lines suggested by the hon. member, could be made of great assistance to a Government. It ecu'.d be composed of men trho have not only a prac tical knowledge, but extensive local knov. ;edge as T7ell, and who would be able to soc into projected works and bring to bear considerable information with a view of ascertaining whether works were actually required, whether if it was in the case of railways they vrowld pay, and what would be the proper rcute f or the lines to take. There are really very lew hon. members indeed who are in a position to give all the local knowledge that may be required to enable Parliament to form a proper opinion. It is clearly not the desire of the hon. member that this Committee should in any way control the Government, but after the Government brings dovrci a list of public worts it would be for this Com mittee to say whether they were necessary. If the Committee f on»d that certain works in such a list were not necessary they Tronld report so, and I do not think it would ever be regarded as a vote of want of confidence in the Government if the Committee made an adverse report concerning any of the -works proposed. As to whether the time has arrived when we should have such a Committee in this colony, I am entirely in accord with the other hon. members who believe that it would be a premature step to take in our history. The present Parliament, it raust be recollected, is a small one, and it is composed of i-ractical men with a very large knowledge of the country and of its requirements. Members of the present Parliament have possibly a greater individual knowledge of the requirements of the country than will be possessed by members in future years, when there is a greater number of members, and when the country itself is much greater than it is to-day. It will be under these circumstances that there will be some chance of political jobs being perpetrated. . It is not possible now, when the House is in its present state, and when the members are in the position through their practical and local know ledge, of being able to exercise intelli gent, criticism. This may not be the case in future years when the country and its in terest? are both, of a more -diverse character. The time for a committee, such as has l-cen suggested, has not yet come. The fact that such committee have been found necessary in other colonies is to be- seen in. their being called into existence at ail, and tlie further ? fact that they must bo doing good work is proved by the circumstance that if it were not eo these committees would soon have had an end put to their existence^ The circumstances are very different here to what they are in tJie other colonies, and at present Parliament is quite capable of preventing any public -worts being carried out to suit some political motive or to servo some political party, or to please some particular constituents. - I lio]-e it will be a long time before there is an alteration in this state of affairs here, and that the day is far distant when party p- '.it :il considerations will have any effect in deteraiisim* tlie public works policy of a Government. Still, when it does come then will be tbe proper tiraa to con sider the question of appointing a committee similar to that suggested by the hon. mem ber. Me. SOLOMON : I do not think tlie time has arrived wheD it is advisable that we should place the control of the Government in tbe, hands of a conunittee of the kind siurgesfc-d by the hon. member -who ha3 moved this motion. If the Government is not capable of carrying out the public works themselves, then they should not be capable of appointing ad visers to do it for them. What I fail to eee is where the responsibility will rest if such a committee is appointed. Arc we also to lock merely to a Board to give this House uects sary information instead of gettiug it from the Government ? To my mind this Parlia ment is quite capable of judging when any public works are brought before theai. as to whether they are required or whether it is necessary that such works should be performed. With regard to th-i remarks made on this subject by the Hon. the Director of Public Works, I cannot sny that all the buildings that have been erected Live been, of a most substantial nature. Tlicro is one building I particularly desire to refer to, and to which my attention has been dravm. There is a schoolroom at Hockinsfham. I am informed that it is only a sjaailbailding some thing like 14ft. by 20ft. ; but it has been placed there without the slightest cor- voiiionce for the schoolmaster. It is report-id that the rain comes in through tbe roof iike a sieve, and the chimney-pot is actually onij on a level with the roof, and that it is absolutely impossible to carry on tbe school. This in?.;, only be a small msiter, but still it roquuws ] some attention being called to ir, aii-l*I tn\st the Director of Public Works v.ill look into the complaint. Eefercnces hare been made to the wort of the Civil Service Commission. Well, I have to inform the Konss il 2t the Commission is at present conducting a most systematic and searching enquiry m'-o both the Hallways and Worbs Di'narfnionfcs, and I feel sure that when the Commission c:v.3s 1o present its report the members of this House, as well as the members effthe Commission, will feel perfectly saSsSed that lie tiiii? aud trouble taken over the work have not, by any means been wasted. Me. HABPEE : I vronM just like to say one or two words. The strength of the opposition to my motion, appear to be in tin: ccKt-entir,n that such a Committee as I propose i? aot re quired at the present time. I mast say 11m t I was a little surprised at the line taken -op l-y the hon. member for Nacnine. He usually places his views before us with such clearness and precisian that I cannot understand the opposite attitude he assumes now. Ha has told this House that the reasan for sueb. a Committee . being called into exis tence in Victoria : was that it vas -. required, to deal with a Eumljer 0* projected works of a political character, but toat was not so. The reason the Committee* was appointed in Victoria was that a great deal of work had been improperly done, and it %ras found necessary to have a Committee to prevent tbis being continued. 'With an over »knvLn£ Treasury, there is likely to be a great rash for tbc.se works in this colony, and it was having tbis in view that led me to make the proposition for the appointment of a Committee before instead of after the works were cariied out. I am. afraid that hon. members will find a mistake has been made in not considering this matter now. ? However, I beg leave to withdraw my motion. The motion was thereupon, by leave of the IIou.sc, ^rithdrawn. LICENSED SURVEYORS BILL. Bill read a third time, and ordered to bt transmitted to the Legislative Council. LOAK ACT 1891— EE- APPRQPRIATIOtf BILL. GEOOVD KE.1DIXG. The PBEMEEE (fion. Sir J. Forrest): I =. rise to more the second reading of this Bill, ? and I think it is best that I should fully ex plain to the House the reasons for it beiag brought forward. In the Loan Act of 1891, a EUin of .£25,000 was provided for harbor works at Geraldton and for a new jetty. In the1; arrangements for the construction of &e-; Mullewa railway, only £100,000 was voted,* and no provision was made for the necessary! worts on the shore end of the jetty so that it could be connected with the railway. It was: then arranged that the sum of £11,000 should be appropriated from the vote for the harbor works, and it was expended on the constmc . tion of the buildings, the station yard, and the necessary works about the jetty re-' quired for the railway. Upon that under standing the Government has worked from the time the Act of 1891 became lair right up to the present time, and about £12,000 had been spent on the jetty itself. To ' show hon. members that it was the intention * of the Government all through to carry -HUr these works to their full extent, X make men* tioa of the fact that in the Loan Act of X89t there was provided a sum of J610,OPO for ex tending the harbor and jettv, although at Ihat time we had £11,000 or £12,000 in band out of tbe vote of £250,000 provided in the Loan Ac* : of 1891. When, however, the Mullewa Bail- { way was completed the Public Works Depart* ; - ment desired to obtain the amount that had been appropriated from the vote for harbor works. In this they were blocked by ffas- Auditor-General, who was unable to authorise the work on shore being paid for out of 'Ota other vote, and hence it is necessary- for the Government to come to the House and ask for a re-appropriation of the money. X do sot. think anyone can object to the BQ1, because the Government has no desire whatever ex cepting- to replace the amount it was found necessary to appropriate out of the vote for the Geraldton Jetty. The intention of the Government and the belief under : which we have acted is perfectly clear all through. The only reason the House is asked . to approve of this Bui is to remove any doubts in the mind of the Auditor-General that this sum of £11,000 can be legally charged to the' works on the jetty. ' I hope hon. members will. not object to this Bill, and I would especially ask the hon. member for Geraldton not to oppose it. The Government is acting in a per fectly bona fide way, and has always reserved the £11,000 for the purposes stated, in addition to the vote of £10,000 in the Loan Act of ISftV The Biil merely enables the amount already spent on -works to be properly charged against: the vote for the jetty works. At present it . stands as an advance, and before it can be charged to the proper account it is necessary tor the House to pass the Bifl. ; Tbe second reading was agreed to without discussion. Tbe Bill was committed, passed without amendment, reported to the Honsa, and the third reading made an Order ofthe Day for 15ie following day. MUNICIPAL INSTITUTIONS BTV IN COSfMTTTBS. Me. .TAMES1 amendment :— ' Where any ' occupier is required by the Council to or 'does pay any rate -or instalment- of a rate ' due or payable, or of. which any portion is 'due or payable in respect of the premises ** ocenniod by him for any period prior to the v ' date when such ocsnpier took possession of - 'the said premises, sach occupier shall -be ' entitled to and may forthwith require and ' sue for payment of and from the landlord of ?? the said premises of the rate or portion of 'rate so due or payable, together with all 'expenses, -pr.yjMnt of \rbich has been required 'trim, iiiadi: by, or is enforceable against such ' -vc,u\\)ier,' put and neg&^ivcd on tiie followimif divi.-:,oa: — -;--(-3 ? is Aj --3 ... ., -, ? 8 Ma|«. 'It irra ? 10 Av* Noes.- ;,'r CoiT4' -'- nurt ;:,.. Kiii.s./s.orf:. iir. Ol:.rk™» ' Tilr. ?*«-' vi' 2' r. Connor ' Hi-! lA-skf. f:ir John Forrcs. '.jr. 'V.m*. Vr. A. l-'orrest ,;,. j;:..ii-iel ?; , K- Hawaii !-.:'-! W«;«i i 'Vis- lA-h'-*5 y.i: tjii:i;-» iiwfiT.j | Mr. Lotcn Mr. 1'Hliii?.: Mi-. J'iCSS:: Mr. Kici.wts-... y.r. II. V. !-b5. Mr. fVlirtsion Bir. J. G- i-«c S'.«a» i'.r. Tbrcssoll Mr. Venn Mr. E.F.ShollfTiff* p.-eiTvMc twii Ehort title : Agreed to. The BUI 'was reported with amendments. DEPOSITING STONE IN UIVEU AT EOCK» BAY. COXSIOERATION Or LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL'S. MESSAGE Ko. X. rs comnTTEE. Tus PT.EMTER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : 'm niovo that tbe iiiessa^e from the Legislative Co-dBcil l»e taiea into consideration, but I say at once, that I am not in accord trith the opinions expressed by the Legislative Council, ' That it 'is desirable that no more stones sa:id, or rubbish, be thrown into ths river at Hod^r Bay by tie Government.' If it were at all practicable, I am sr.re I should sot desire, and I believe hon. members generally would not desire to throw any stones or rubbish '? \- - y . -. -?.'??? ... . ' '?,'?' ?whatever iato the river. Bat we have em ? barked -upon great works at gienwcnWe, and part of the project for carrying oat those works is, to obtain the stone from Bocty Bay. No doubt when ton. members go down there, they will regret to see, what was on.ee a. picturesque spot, made to wear so utilitarian an appearance. All the picturesqueness is a thing of the past, and the ap pearance at Rocky Bay, with which we were so pleased years ago, has all been destroyed. Nothing can now bring back the beauty that existed three years ago. The only question to be considered nowis, whether throwing refuse into the river is really doing any great damage to the river? It seems to me it is all a matter of cost ; because if we do sot mind the cost it will be easy to carry the ccfase somewhere else, rather than throw it tain the river. I have had the matter under consideration, and have had reports from the Engineer-in-Chief, who informs me that to ?begin and carry out a sew scheme, or to make new arrangements with regard to the remov ing of the refuse, will involve a very large expenditure of money. The proportion is four to one. Pom-tons of rubbish and sand haveto be removed to one ton of atone. lam ' informed it would mean very great expense, and considerable delay. It woold require, I believe, fire or six times as many tracks as axe now being used. I think the Engineer in- Chief said it would require 250 extra tracks and some mare engines to do what is now Tnqtig- done by throwing the stuff into the rarer. The increase of cost would be some thing like elx-pence* yard. Me. Gxosos: There must be some ?»*«+*?*«» in Oat Thk PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest): I do sot know anything about the mistake; the in formation I have is that it would cost sixpence a yard mare and would also canse considerable delay, It wouM be six months before the works woold get into fall swing- again. We should new to import tracks, or ebe build them, and in the maurtima the Harbor Works would have \- to be at a standstill. I take some exception to the resolution of the otb»r House on such an important matter. It eeenu to me that due consideration was not given to Hie work that has been going on at Fremantle for the last year or two. lira matter was hurried through and sent cm to this House. I think before this Hoose sanctions a resolution of this kind it should have more information on the subject, and should appoint a Select Committee to go round and see how far the interests of the country would be interfered with by the adoption of a resolution like this. For my own part, I do not like the idea of throwing and and rubbish into the river; but the Bngineer-in-Cbief says it could be easily removed again, if need be, at a cost of about a penny a yard by the Premier dredge. If it -were necessary the Premier dredge could excavate a straight channel on the south aide of the river in & very short time. I do not go so far as some, and Bay there is no filling up of the river, but I do think that the practical men I see before me win not atop the works at ~ FreinaatLe — to which we are all looking for ward with bo mnch interest — because of a hithJI encroachment upon the north side of the river by this sand and rubbish being thrown -there. We have all seen the work going on there for the last two or three years, and no one Jim thought of moving in the matter, as the members of the Legislative Council have done in t*'° resolution. I am quite sure it has not received *''«» consideration it deserves, seeing it is: such an important matter, and if thisHouae is at all inclined to favour it, I would Urge Upon hop - nmmtiowi thaAmiriJiimjr \- of referring it to earns committee, in. order that evidence may be taken upon the subject. Son. members can easily see if this reso lution be adopted here it will upset the arrangements of the Government for carrying on the harbor works at Iremantle, and wQl delay the work for six months. I consider the game is not worth the candle ; but if the Bouse -3iml» otherwise, then I ffirnfr the wmtt'T should be thoroughly investigated before the House assents to a resolution like this, that creates both trouble and expense. Mb. RANDELL : I made a trip, last Satur day, to the scene of operations and Rocky Bay ; and the opinion that I formed was, that though there was some ^ay*'''''*'''''*-. upon the river, it was not serious. There ia a consider able dep& of water there, and aa the hon. the . Premier pointed out, it will be absolutely at Preston Point, as no vessel of any size could get round the point, at fiocky Bay. That will be necessary for the river traffic, but I think .it would be a very long, time before the tlkmrtnti would become so -narrow as to hinder boats plying up and down. There may be increased difficulty for yachts, and other boats, that need to sail, because they ?will have a little less room to move in, to get round the Bay. I was certainly impressed with the difficulty there would be, if the stuff could not be thrown into the river. X was assured by Uie JSngineer-in-Cbief that the cost of removing it.again, if need be, would be very trifling. X think be said less than a penny a yard. He certainly said it could be removed again at very little cost, by the dredge, if it were found necessary so to do, or if the ir«faw«J could be profitably used elsewhere. I do nut know how far any freshet in the river might affect the sand and stone being ihrown. there, for it is not all sand. So far as I could see, the water was not acting very mnch upon the debris, through stone being intermixed with the sand. I Ho not think a freshet would make much impres sion upon it. I scarcely think there is any necessity to interfere with the operations of the Engineer-hvOhief, at the quarries at Fre mantle. I was very much struck with the large amount of stone in the sand ; it seemed in some places to be in layers all along. I enquired if it were so in other parts of the world, and they said no, that was the first instance of the kind they had ever come across. There was one advantage in it in that it was mnch easier to blast than if it were all rock, though if it had been all rock they would have got store stone for use, which ?would have compensated for the extra cost. Mb. ILLINGWOBTH: I rise to move an amendment to the motion before the House. My object is to refer this matter to a Select Committee. I think it is amatter of sufficient importance. First of all, it is serious enough aa far as the river itself is concerned. I think, however, it is more desirable to haveaCom jpittee for another reason. Upon the site I have in my mind for the railway workshops being thrown into the river might be used for levelling that valley ; and for thai reason I think it is worth the consideration of this House, whether the wishes of hon. members in another place might not be met, and useful work be done at the same time. As to any other departure, I would rather distinctly sup port the Ministry than stop the works at Fre mantle. But if the debris can be used for the purpose I have suggested, we shall do two good things at the same time. The Pbkmtee : You have not the trucks to doit. Mb. ILLINGWORTH: The same trucks that throw it into the river will throw it ?where I want to have it thrown. The C0MM8810NEB of Railways: They win not hold s ind. Mb. Gxobgb : How do they hold it to throw it into the river ? The CoxkxssxoNis of Kaclwatb: They use barrows to throw it into the river. Mb. ILLINGWOETH : I move as an Amend ment that the question be referred to a Select Committee, consisting of the Hon. the Com missioner of Bailways (Hon. H. W. Venn), Mr. Marmion, Mr. Wood, Mr. Simpson, and the mover. The COMMISSIONER OF BAILWAYS (Hon. H. W. Venn) : The amendment pro posed by the hon. member is nonsense. I feel sore that the hon. members of this House, as a whole, will be able to decide this question themselves. I regret at the present moment, this question has come on at so early a stage this evening. Had £ known it would have come on, I should have been prepared with some diagrams, that would have been an ob ject lesson, bo that hon. members could see at onee the exact position. Bather than accept the amendment, I suggest tb*t we report pro gress until to-morrow, when. I shall be able to have drawings and diagrams here, showing the exact position of the river frontage ; and Iwill give the exact figures. The hon. mem ber for Nannine, stated a few minutes ago, that the same trucks would move the eand. Mb. iLuorawoKrH : I never said anything of the kind. Tub COMMISSIONEB OP BAH.WAYS (Hon. H. W. Venn) : I understood him to say, that the small tracks removing the sand would remove it elsewhere. But we have no trucks to remove it. The proportion as has been pointed out, is, four tons of sapid and rub bish, to on© ton of stone. If hoa. members would go down and see for themselves, as the hon. member for Perth did, they would see at once thereal position. I feel eure the dia grams lean bring to-morrow, will enable hon. members to deal with this question better than they can at the present moment. I move we now report progress. Question put and passed on the following division : — Ayes ? 15 Hoes ? _ ij Majority.. ? g SSsL sS Kg- £:& ifcM^ Mr.Mos.CZWfcr.) Mr. Phillips Mr. Eandell Mr. Richardson Mr. Simpson EirJ. G. LeeSteere Mr. Venn Mr. tefroy (2a&r.;) Progress reported. Thk SPB AKEB left the chair at 657 p.m. At 7.30 the House resumed. WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION. THE EDUCATION QUESTION. Mb. LEAKE: Sir,Imove«Thatthepoliey of the Government, as announced upon the Education Question, is not satisfactory to this House, nor in accordance wilt the opinion of the people of this Colony.' This resolution Sir, might perhaps have been expected to come from some other hon. member than my self; but in the exercise of his discretion the hon. member, to whom the privilege of moving this resolution would in ordinary circum stances have fallen, has not thought fit to propose it : and I say now that I do not bring this motion forward as a mere private motion, but as an expression of opinion of those members who sit on the Opposition side of the House. Mb. Simpson: Hear, hear. Mb. LEAKE .- I have been deputed to move this resolution and I do so readily. It was suggested by an answer which was given a few evenings ago by the Hon . the Premier to a ques tion which was asked by the hon. member for Nannine, as to whether it was the intention of the Government to bring in a bill to amend the Education Act by abolishing the present ssys tem, and establishing a national system of free, flftcnlar and compulsory Education. The Premier's answer to that question was : ? ' The Government does not propose to deal with this question at present.' Farther the hon. gen tleman announced that if it should be neces sary to make any alteration in the law, which would affect certain intereste, the subject would require to be approached only after the. fullest and most careful consideration, with the view to dealing honourably and equit ably with the interests which have been created. In that answer, I submit, there was a distinct avowal of the intention of the Government not to interfere with the Education Question. If hon. members will carry their recollections back to May of hist year when thefhon. the Premier addressed his constituents at Bun bury, and also to the debates of hist session, they will be reminded that on both occasions the hon. gentleman expressed himself definite ly on the Education question, and there and then expressed his determination not to alter it Circumstances demand that this question, which has been before the country, should be settled with no uncertain voice, and I think it is in the interests of the House and the country that it should be finally determined without any delay whatever. In the debates of last session, it will be remembered that divisions were taken upon two distinct' pro posals. The first was proposed by the hon. member for Geraldton (Mr. Simpson) to the effect that it was undesirable to further extend ' the system of State aid to Assisted Schools. That resolution was negatived by three votes only. Upon that occcasion I -did not vote. I will explain my reason in a moment. The Peehxeb (Hon. Sir JT. Forrest) : You ^ffiadjajaiLhefotBf.^'^ Ma. Lu&EFi; : I shall dj so no doabt to tho satisfaction o£ tU«J li-u. taj Pointer. Sub sequently, the Gv/irntuoai broa^'iii in a Bill ' to alter the sysi-iuo. oi Kda.'ition. Upa^ that occasion I did vote. My reasons are these. Daring my candidature ai, Albaay, I expressed an opinion that I had not at the time, made up my mind on this question of Education, and said then I was in favor of leaving the question alone. Acting up to that principle and to that statement, I did not vote on the motion of the hon. member for Geraldton. The result of the division was certainly to leave the question alone: but was that the desire of the Government? I say it was not, for within a few weeks, almost within a few days after the narrow division upon the motion of the hon. member for Geraldton, we find a determined effort made by the Govern ment to make a material alteration in the law relating to Education. They then sought to increase the grant in aid of the Assisted Schools. The Government then, did not leave the question alone, and although on the pre vious occasion I had voted in accordance with my publicly expressed determination to leave the question alone, when I found that the Go remment — The Peemiee (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) .- You did not vote at alL You say you voted. Mb. LEAK'S : Thank you for the correc tion. I did not vote because X desired to leave the question alone, but the hon. member forced the hands of every hon. member. They brought forward a Bill, and it is not the duty of any hon. member to sit and discuss the terms of a Bill, but refrain from giving an expression of opinion. Inasmuch as that Bill sought to materially alter the Education Act, I determined, sSail with -the idea of leaving the question alone, to vote against the measure. I did so, and I am happy to say that the Bill was thrown out by the casting vote of the Chair man. Thus the opinions of hon. members were forced, and it became necessary for my self and everybody else, to determine what line should be taken on the question. lean not consistently and repeatedly tell my constituents, the public, or hoh. niombers* that I have not made up my mind upon any question. I have made up my mind and I have not changed ifc; and it is because I have made up my mind that I am willing and anxious to move this resolution. By reason of the action of the Government, this question of Educa tion, although previously an important one, became a burning question. It led to a cer tain amount of agitation UnriwijT the recess. It induced or fostered a more or less unsettled state in the country and in the electorates. Strong feelings were expressed, and if we seek for evidence of ah exhibition of feeling, we need only consider the recent elections, when the hon. member for the Murray and the hon. member for North Fremantle were re turned, both of which elections were fought but on the Education question. M2.-C0KHOB: No. Me. LEAKE : I am sorry I did not make myself heard to the hon. member. Ms. Connoe: State facts. Ma,IiEAK3E: If anyone ought to be in * position to know, it should be the hon. mem ber who lias challenged my assertion, because if he did not contest the North Fremantle election himself, I am not far wrong in, sav ing he did so as the deputy or agent of another. Not only have certain electorates expressed a definite opinion on this question, but with the exception of one or certainly not more than .two isolated instances, the Press of the country are in favor of an alteration in the Education Act in the direction of abol ishing the dual system. Js there an hon. member who can deny with a clear conscience, that the country is not in favor of abolishing fee dual system ? So far as I am personally concerned, I do not care what hon. members on the Minsterial side of the House think of my action in this matter. I have no doubt that many of them will refer to Hansard. I shall be quoted, and perhaps misquoted, and is not misquoted, misinterpreted. Whatever happens, I am content to let this question remain as one between myself and my con stituents, not hon. members of this House. If my constituents disapprove of my action in this regard, is it open to them, when the question cropE up, to reject me at the next election. If hon. members can take any pleasure in quoting- my observations in Hansard I shall gladly listen to them, and I am certain that if they will not only study what I have said on this question, but on all others, they will reap a certain amount of advantage. I am preparedat this moment to face an election on this question; indeed one «f my particular objects in forcing it before the House and the country, is with the idea of a dissolution in order that I may announce my views upon the subject, and to see whether or not they coincide with those of my constitu ents. Mr. Mabshon: Have you made op your mind? MB.LEAKE: I cannot hear the hon. gentle- man. The principle of this resolution is not so much to obtain an alteration in the law, as to get an expression of opinion upon the ques tion. If it were carried it will not alter the law, although of coarse it would be proper that the law should be altered in accordance with the resolution, and if the Hon. the Premier in his wisdom, thinta fit to pray for a dissolu tion on this question, it will be greatly to the advantage of everybody. AnHok. Hzhbeb : Especially the hon. member. Ms. LEASE : I say the Government in this matter are inconsistent. ' The Hon. the Premier, whom we must regard as the mouth piece of the Government— although we know there is a split in his Cabinet on this import ant question — has, from the first, announced bis intention of ''»™*;pniTig the present . system of Education. Were they not incon sistent after that avowal, when hist session they introduced a Bill to increase the grant to the Assisted Schools ? If the principle was necessary last session, it is necessary cow. Why did not the Government come f -rwari with a resolution or a Bill such a . that of last year and ask the House t - pass it ? Because they are frightened o the consequences. Is it right that tiis question should remain unsettled ? Is it right that this condition of unrest and disquiet and religious controversy should be al lowed to arise and to continue P Can anyone say feeling has not been expressed in the conn try? Do we not know that from certain quarters, many bitter things, have been said, triao have bean formoa in o.'iur to do what ? — to maintain tho prusant system, that syskiui which ths-Govomraint last year, after u:i-.-i:j£ nrst of all said they wouM maintain, vud^if ouredto alter, but were defeated in tiioat taajpt. tat the question be settled at onsa. The more we delay, the greater daagai* tnere is of it not being amicably settled an! in the interests of all parties concerned. This session we hear the cry of vested interests. That wa3 not the cry last year. We heard nothing about vested interests then. They are a secondary consideration, a bolstered argument, adduced' in order to divert attention and in order to avoid if possible, the necessity of touching the question as the Governmant attempted to do last session. Last session they told as they had the statutory right to increase the grant. Now, certain sections of the community demand that increase. Bat notwithstanding the statutory right which was argued for, notwithstanding the demand which has come from a certain quarter, we find that the Government dare not tackle the Education question. .And if it is not settled now, if this motion is not carried — And here I ask hon. members to mark what I say — if it is not settled now, it cannot be for three years, without a dissolution. That is of course a.ssnming the Government are true to their public atterancas. Wb.atb.er the Hon. the Premier will think fit to alter bis views— The Pbehoee. (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Like you. Mr. LEAKE : Whether the Hon. the Premier will think fit to alter his views, a contingency which is by no means remote, we shall not have this question settled for three years : and is there any hon. member who will dare to say that it is advisable that this question should beheld overour heads for so long a psriod t Surely it is in the interests of those who sup port the Assisted Schools and everybody else, to see it settled once and for alL There is no doubt — and I am certain I have the support of the majority of hon. members in this — that the dual system of Education is doomed, and the sooner we know under what circumstances that doom is to overtake the system, the better it will be for everybody concerned. It is ob jected, and I have no doubt that during tho debate it wQl be objected, that the motion is one of want of confidence in the Government. It is a vote of that sorb, and if such a vote were ever justified, the present occasion justifies this, for when we find an important political question not only before the House but before the country, attempted to be evaded by those who have the control of affairs; it is time that some pressure is brought to bear to f orc9 - those gentlemen to not only a proper conclusion, but to a determination to settle, once and for all, a much vexed question. If this is a want of con fidence motion, can anyone tell me how a motion' dealing- with {he Education Question can. bo 'framed tibi as not to amount to a want of confidence motion? I cannot imagine that the Government can regard any inter ference with this question, in any other light than as a want of confidence. Suppose hon. members on this side of the House had brought in a Bill to amend the Education Act, would not the debate on the second reading have been treated as a test .question? Would not that BUI, if it passed, be practically arr«xpression-of want of confidence in the Government, particularly, not only after the avowal of the Government, but after their action in regard to it? Perhaps there are several hon. members on the Opposi tion Bide of the House who will not vote for this motion, because it is a vote of want of con fidence — and I regret to have to Bay, but I do say so, and deliberately' too — that there are hon. members ou the Opposition side of the House whose sympathies unfortunately are not with the Opposition. They rather strengthen the hands of the Government and will possibly do so on this occasion, as well as upon other occasions, whea an adverse vote against the Government is proposed and divided upon. Why is there nothing suggested on this ques tion ? I said just now that it was because there was a split in the Ministry upon it There is no doubt about that. Hon. members know that only two members of the Ministry realiy approve of this question and they are the Hon. the Premier and' the Hon. the Commissioner of Bail ways. .We know that the Attorney General, if he dared to express an opinion, would vote for the abolition on the dual system. We know that the Minister of Education has expressed his views emphatically upon the subject, and we had the vote of the Han. the Commissioner of Crown Lands with the Opposi tion last year. The hon. gentleman is now a member of the Ministry and it will be interest ing to members of this House and to the coun try, to notice what the hon. gentleman has to say with regard to the question. It is matter as to whether or not he will swallow his prin ciples, or stick to his seat. Sir, X heard a hiss just now in the House. I do not know where it came from, but I think it came from tile gallery. I hope it will not occur again. The Peemiee (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : I did not hear it. Ms. LEAKE : I was remarking that there \- was a split in the Ministry, and that that split results in a majority in favor of the Opposi tion. We know that one gentleman, the Col onial Secretary, who resigned from the Minis try since last session, is a pronounced opponent of the present eyBtem. The Pbemtbb 5 (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Ho brought in the Bill anyway. Mb. T-RATTg ; Yes, he did. I think the opponents of the present system have to thank him heartily for having forced thB hands of his colleagues, and the wonder is that his col leagues did not see through it. The House and the country did. If the Premier says he will main' -in these schools, to be consistent he must go on and increase the grant ; but he cannot do that as the House has told him that they will have none of it. He dare not, there fore, tackle the question. If he says on the one hand he will maintain these schools, the country says on the other hand he shall not, and when it comes to a question, evenly balanced though it may be, for the electors to decide' the matter once * and for all, let those who attack me and say I have changed my views, give me an opportunity of going back to my electors to announce my views upon it, and let the Government send a supporter down there to . defeat me if he can.' I am prepared to meet my constituents on this question and I desire to do so. What will be the result, some bon. carried against tha G-orernuii-'nt ? E*a'y it surprises me to hoar so:ne hoa. mainbeivs talk ai.out the terriblu aadduv results vriiioh inzy toll--w upon ths termination of office of the pros-»nt Ministry. If thera were adissoiution, or if the Government were to l-ssi^n, ther-; seoms to be an impression that ths bus-ness of this country must be suspended, that the whole economy of the Service will be upset, and that no business could go on for mouths. If the Government were to resign to-morrow, the business of this country would go on as welL It would be necessary, it is true, to vote supplies. Whoever heard of a Government being turned out of office except during a. session of Parliament ? The boast of the pre sent Ministry always has been that they will resign whea the popular voice is against them. We have heard that so often, that hon. members will regard it, by this time, as an empty platitude. Resign ! indeed. Mb. Ii.lingwobth : Never. Us. LEAKE : I do not think they are ever likely to do so, unless a distinct and empath atic vote of want of confidence is carried against them. I ask hon. members to discuss the merits of this question irrespective of the results, irrespective of the conse quences which it may bring upon those gentlemen who are afraid to fearlessly and honestly tackle it. What 1b it to say, when we are fighting for a principle, that it hits harshly, one or two hon. members? Must we always be told we can go a certain distance and no farther ? Must we be told that we must submit to this particular rule for ever ? Must we be constantly barking and never biting? Are hon. members to be frightened because the Premier says : — ' If you pass this resolution, we will resign ?' Hon. members who are guided by such feelings 33 thoso, are blind to their sense of daty, and when they consider such an emphatic question as this one is, they must have regard to their public utterances and pledges. There are hon. members who have pledged themselves to vote against the continuance of the present system of Education, and how can those hon. members — and I notice the hon. member for West Perth (Mr. Wood) is looking at me — how can. hon. members and that hon. member, in particular, say they will not vote with me on this motion and at the same time tell their constituents they have been consistent ? I Gay this for the benefit of the hon. member for West Perth. I know him well enough to feel assured that he will not go back upon what he has said in public, and that ho will support the resolution. Me. Mabmiokt : He woa't go back to tho public. Me. Simpson : You'll go back to them before long. Me. LEAKE : We have heard it said more than once botU in and out of the House, that no one can form a Ministry/ outside the present Ministry, and that I suppose is going* to be an argument against this resolution. Let principles go to the wind! Abandon everything you have said ! Forget yourselves because you may turn the Government out ? Was there ever such an insult to the co nstitu ents to say they were returning men, who were not capable of holding office ? So far as I understand politics, from the little experience I have had of them. - ' The Attokkey-Generai. (Hon. ' S. Bart) : Hear, hear. Mb. LEASE : It seems that every man who goes before a constituency is doing that con stituency and himself an injustice, in seeking election, unless he thinks he is capable of taking office at some time. The man who says he will not take office, practically tells the country he is incapable. If he is incapable he should not be returned to this House. I am. happy to say that on the Opposition side of the House there is material for more than one Ministry, and one who would have tha con fidence of the country, more than I firmly believe the present Government has. An adverse vote! a vote of va^t of confidence! destruction of the Ministry! the idol of the House shattered ! hon. mambers appalled at the downfall! Let me remind hon. members that if they ara not careful, their idol may shatter them, and why ? : because hon. members have got, not only the voting power in this Hoase to con. sider, but the voting- power of their con siituencies. The constituencies, X am happy to say, are alive. They notice the actions of their members, they ar-s aware of their short comings as well as their good actions, and this motion, bringing as it does an important political principle prominently before the public, must be supported or opposed by hon. members according to their consciences. I will, say, that of all the hon. members on the Ministerial side of the House there axe none more consistent on this question than the hon. member for Fremantle, the hon. member for East Kimberley, and the hon. member for Yilgarn. X admire them for their consistency. No one expects they will support this resolution and X do not desire to say any thing which would hurt the feelings of those hon. members, and if they regard this reso lution as not asking for the establishment of an important principle, then they will hold me blameless of an attempt to create ill-feeling or disquiet. If this resolution doe3 not pass, an instance of the overwhelming- danger of excessive power will be furnished, because here we find the Government marshalling their forces and securing- votes, not against the principle we are fighting for, but in order to keep themselves in office. The majority of the Opposition members ara not actuated by any feelings which are likely to influence them in keeping the present Ministry in power, and they are free then to vote according to their consciences and according to the opinions which they have expressed on the principle which the motion involves. That power of the Ministry to command votes wQl work on this occasion if hon. members are mindful not to perpetuate and continue a false principle. It will be perpetrated at any rate for three years, and is a principle which this House has expressed its disapproval of, in which action the House is sup ported by the country. If, unfortun ately for Ministerial members, and fortun ately for the Opposition members, this motion should be carried, the Government might ' think fit to resign. In that case members on the Opposition side of the House might occupy the Ministerial seats. If such a thing were to happen, we would at any rate have a speedy settlement of this question, and if the new Miai stry, having done that and tfans done the present Ministry could hi wnstatofl. I have ruf Alined fiv-m taiiiin^ t.i:y a-iinc-i: upon the system of Education. I 1i;ito made up my ia;ud that tho diiul ryai.-TM -3 iir.--,uied. I Jiare di^ciJad to vote aarain.-t it; continuance anal can seo, th;it unless the (Jovcrcmout is forced by sd:hc saoii motion :is ths-s. t'at.'y \v:M never move. Ws must bring forward a motion of this kind in order to let hon. i&eiubor.-; knovr that we will not recognise personal foelings in dealing with bo important a question ; and I do ask hon. members to be guided by the merits of the question and not consider tho effect it may have upon the Ministry, for if tbis resolu tion is defeated, it will bo because hon. mem bers arc fearful of its immediate eSeet upon their friends and not because of its importance to -he country. The PBEMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : Sir, I have listened with attention to the hon. member's speech and I must say his language was not so fiery as I expected it would be. It -eras a very tame effort, and after so much notice of the motion had been given and so much preparation for this terirbla onslanght on the Government had been made, I am dis appointed, for I expected a more severe speech and much more stronger arguments. I noticed that the hon. member use f the word ' prin ciple 'very often and before I sit cbwn I shall endeavor to show how for he has stuck to those principles, which he is so eager that - we should all respect. The impression con veyed to my mind in listening to the speech, rc-as that it was an ad misericordiam- appeal to the supporters of the Government and all those who are not bis followers, to oust the Government and place him and his few friends on the Ministerial benches. He was careful too, to address hon. members on the Ministerial side of the House by name, pointing oat their duty to them in regard to tbis matter and also their duty to their constituents. I would like to say to hon. members of this and the other side of the House, that I do not regard this resolution as having very much to do with tho Education Question. My opinion is, I may be wrong, that the hon. member's detire is simply to hamper the actions of the Government as much as be can on this question and to get, if possible, more sympathy both inside and out side of the House in order to place himself in that position of prominence which he so much desires — the leadership of the Opposition. Me. Leaks : Hear, hear. Tub PREMIES (Hon. Sir. J. Forrest) : I would like to ask what right he has to expect to be leader of the Opposition. Ms. Lzaxe: May I reply, Mr. Speaker? The SPEAKER : Certainly not. Ms. Leake -. I thought the Premier was ask ing- me a question. The PEEMIEE (Hon. Sir. J. Forrest) -. I do not know what tho hon. member has done to warrant his being placed in that position, and he should .Vile for a while and not try to hoist for himself into a position which neither hon. members or the people of the country were pre pared to entrust him with. I really .cannot agree with the hon. member that there was never a time when a vote of want of conndence Tf»3 more justified than it was at present. I am quite certain, and I only vish to make the statement and say no more about it, that the question of Assisted Schools, which is a part of the Education system of the colony, has not been placed before the country as a definite question. I do not want to say what would be the resii. c, if it were ; but the hon. member for Albany only gives his opinion upon it and not the opinion o£ the country. It has not been tested by the verdict of the country. Me. JJM.HMSWOBTH : Test it. Ti.-a PBEMIER (Hon. Sir 3. Forrest) : The hon. member says ' test it.' No doubt he is anxious to get into a Ministerial seat himself. Mb. Illingwobt.1 : i am not. The PRE3UEE (Hon. Sir' J. Forrest) : I think the hoc. member is. In regard to my own position on the quest ' a, and I think it is shared by some of my colleagues, I may say, as I have said in and out ot the Honse, that I have never been a great supporter of the present Education System. I have said over and over again that I preferred all children should attend the one school. I could not have my way and I was not going to force people if I could avoid it. Now, Sir, the hon. member for Albany spoke of the pledges given by the Government on the question. He is very fond of trying- to tie the Government down to a pledge; but the Government pledges are never broken as he breaks his. He is more pledged to his constituents on this matter than I am to mine. Tho hon. member is a renegade. He has broken his pledges and — Mb. Lease : Sir, I rise to order. Are those words Parliamentary? The SPEAKER : They are not proper words torxsc. The PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : I withdraw them, Sir. It is well- known to the country and to tbis House, that the Govern ment did not introduce the present Education Act. It has been the law of the land for the lest quarter of a century and has been in exist ence a longer period than any member in the House has been in Parliament, with the excep tion of the Hon. the Speaker and the hon. member for Fremantle. It certainly has age on its side and its grey hairs should be respected. Me. Illikgwoeth: This kind of age is rottenness. The PREMIER (Hon. Sir J, Forrest) : Hon. members now desire to sweep this law away, but I do not think they care two straws about the matter. The hon. member for Albany only wishes to hamper the Government and to place himself in one of the Ministerial seats. Me. Leahe: Hear, hear. The PREMIER (Hob. Sir J. Forrest) -. The hon. member did not tell the House that the present law had been in existence for 25 years, nor did he mention the interests which were created by it. He also omitted to say any thing about the money it would cost to alter the present law or whether he would sweep it away at once without any consideration. I may say that no one dislikes religions or guasi religious controversies more than I do, and I do not like to have religion mixed up with public questions or imported into political dis cussions ; but so long as people arc eager to get into Parliament, so long will they continue to .take advantage of any differences that may arise, whether of a religious or social char acter, in order to assist them in attaining the object they have in view. I am not throning out any charge against anyone. It is the same all the world over that men should take dif ferent sides on the question of the day. T» pojitisf . particularly _ the ease, an it I at election time declared any - ^H views on ths Education Question or xaf ^H other question, my opponent no doubt would ^B oppose wy ideas. It is the same in ParhJk- ^H ment. I know some hon. members who wilia^H vote for the hon. member for Albany's reso- ^M lution, who at one time in their lives would ^M have pledged themsn??Gs to &a; CjjpSsite. The ^M hon. member who moved the motion knows ^M very well be got into Parliament on what is ^M called the Roman Catholic vote. He only got B in by one vote, and I heard that a man, a H Roman Catholic, was taken out of his bed H wrapped up in blankets, and carried to the poS ^| to vote for the hon. member. ^M Mb. Lsaxe : True. ? The PREMIES (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) 1 ? And that is the man to whom the hon. mem* ~ ^| bcr is going to give his pledge to-night H My own opinion is that, if it is desired by the fl people of this country that there should be a -? change in the existing law, there is not the B slightest reason why the people of the colony H should not have their way; but I feel quite ? sure that if a change is desired in the law ^| that has been in existence for 25 years, and S under which interests have grown up, those ' ? who wish to alter the law will do it only after 9 grave consideration. As I said in my reply to H the question put by the hon. member for H Nannine, the Government are bound to I recognise that those interested in the Assisted ? Schools have vestsd interests which have bees I built up under the law of the land -im-mg the fl past 25 years; and therefore, should it be ? considered necessary to make any alteration W in the law which would affect those interests, ? the subject would require to be approached ? only after the fullest and most careful con- I sideration, with a view of dealing honorably ^1 and equitably with tho interests which have ^B been created. That is the opinion of the I Government. I hope this question, whea I taken in hand, may be settled on an equitable I and honorable basis that may be satisfactory I to all parties ; and no one will rejoice more I than I shall if it can be so settled. My advice - ? to the House is to leave the matter to th» I Government, and we will sea if some arrange- ? merit can be made satisfactorily to all parties I concerned, on an equitable and honorable iS basis. 1 Mb. Simpson : It is all over. You -»itwiT» I down. ? The PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : I do I not think the hon. member for Geraldton I wants me to climb down. His occupation will I be gone when, tbis question is moved out of I the way. This trouble has placed the hon. I member in his seat here on two occasions, find I if it continues it may place him in again. Tho I Education Question has placed hi™ in this I House, and I am sure he does not want me to I climb down by removing tbis cause of trouble j in the country. He -wants it to continue s- I troublesome question, because he fees a chance I '.ot only of getting returned again to thia 1 House, but also perhaps of obtaining somf I other pr. 'tion. jT have said on other occa- I eions, and I say a^ain here to-night, that I do I not believe there is any wisdom or true J statesmanship in tzying to force people, j simply because you have the power to do so ] I believe true statesmanship consists hi giving I due consideration to all classes of ilia com* j mnnity — certainly to any large or important «*j section— and that any large section is entitled not only to have its rights and privileges j respected, but even its prejudices should be i considered. We know, after all, that those | who principally take advantage of these | Assisted Schools are the Roman Catholics; and j it is all very well for some hon. members to think thatbecauEethfiyrepresectthree-fourths of the community, and the Catholics are only one-fourth, therefore these bon. members can afford to be high-handed and independent; but if these proportions of the community were half and half, how would it be then ? X do sot suppose we would then be able to settle the matter at alL I hope that under present circumstances wise counsels will prevail, and that there wQl be sufficient good sense and good feeling amongst all of us to agree upon some plan by which we may do away with strife, 'STld be able to arrange a. settlement of the Education Qnaetieirfiiia fair*^ and equitable basis that will be satisfactory to all parties concerned. In dealing with tbis matter, I would like to refer to a point which is quite in accord with the arguments I have adduced. Take, for instance, the Ecclesiastical grant. We know the chnrches have no legal right whatever, based on the law of the land, to a continuance of that grant : that they have merely had an annual vote of the Legislature, passed year by year; and in any year this House might wipe out the aimniJ grant to tba churches, and there would be an end of it, m The grant not being made under any law, the churches would have no cause to say the grant had been illegally dealt with. -The churches' have enjoyed the grant a good many years — - long before I came into this House — yet in ths % present session we have agreed to bring the Ecclesiastical grant to a close, and how are we going to do it ? The general feeling of this House is that we are going to do it by a gene- ii- rous recognition of tbe interest whicij the W^ churches have acquired during the con- tinuance of the fl.nnini.1 vote — not an in terest created under any law, not founded on Statute, but merely by a vote passed year by year hy the Legislature. If, under these circumstances, we are going to act generously and fairly and liberally to the churches in this country, by recognising that an interest in the annual grant has grown up during its long continuance,* then I ask axe we going to act less fairly, less lOberally, less generously in the case of an institution founded upon Statute, which has been in existence as a law during the last 25 years, and under which large obligations have been incurred i Are we going to deal less liberally, less fairly, or less generously in the case of an institution founded upon Statute law. than we are going to do in the case of an interest which is not founded upon statute, but whose emolument has been received merely through aa annual grant of the Legislature? [Mb. Leaks: Certainly not.] I am glad to hear that. I will make a note of it I have now- «eait. with £hp«aastion as car as I intend to deal with it on tins occa sion, in regard to the position of Assisted -« Schools under the law, and I am now going to torn my attention to the hon. member for Albany — the man who believes in high prin ciples — the man who -Irishes us to keep our pledges. [Mb. Lease: Now, don't be too hard.] No ; I will tell you the absolute facts. The hon. membc- ''^ b-»en in this House about , ' a year ? that i3 about the extent of his es- ' jperience in this Hca$e — and I think his career , . has been a mostextraordinary one. Most people HketobeconsideredeonEistent-Ihave of ten. said, —and. I am sore everyone will agree with me— that those .who are inconsistent, and those who are dishonest, and those who do not tell the troth, would rather do the right thing than \- lie' wrong one, as a matter of choice. I am sore the untruthful man would rather speak the troth, because his untruthful statements get Mm into so much trouble, and he has to twist and turn in all directions when trying to evade detection. Therefore I give the hon. member for Albany credit for having tbe ordinary feelings of human nature, by assuming that Tie wbnld rather be consistent than in consistent. I **»'»*? it 'was Jjord Byron who eaid— ' 'We love tie virtues whieh we cannot claim ; ? and I am sure the hon. member loves those Tirtaes i£ he csnnotclaim them. JTUb. Leaks: Try Dr. Watt.] The first speech the hon. member made in this House was delivered on the 30th July, 1894,— just about a year ago— \- and what sort of speech was it? First of all he opposed the Coolgardie railway, then he opposed loans generally, contending that we should not go borrowing money at all, and he described the Coolgardie railway as a line to Barley's Kad and to the Hampden Plains Syndicate land. He also said he was in favor of privately-owned railways and opposed to -State ownership ; indeed I rather thought he must have been -retained on behalf of some . railway syndicates, and when he was pressed ' on the point be gave us to understand that it Iras Mr. Irtish's company he was interested in . speaking upon. The hon. member then referred to the Bridgetown railway, slid it is . curious that when addressing' his constituents at Albany be had stated that ha would vote for that railway, though after he got elected to this House he wriggled out of that election promise and broke his pledge — the usual thing '. with the hon. member. He also spoke in opposition to the Fremantle harbor works. In fact, it seemed to me he was opposed to everything which the Government proposed. That was his first start Then in regard to ' bis attitude on the Education Question, I . would lite to read, for the information of this Souse, what the hon. member said at Albany when speaking as a «*a.ii«H«infa» seeking the votes of electors. This extract may not be so strong' as something- I shall read farther on, bat it shows pretty clearly what he thought when asking- forihe votesof electors. He said: — ' You must remember that only last session of ? Parliament they passed an Act which seemed ' ' 'to meet with approval. Now, I say, before 'you attempt to do anything more with the ^'Education Question, give that system which 'you have now introduced a fair trial. I, for .'. 'one, am in favor of leaving the system as it 'exists alone.*' Is the hon. member leaving it alone to-night ? Mr. Leaks: No; becap^ you won't leave it alone. Tme PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) : On the 13th November, 1S94, this is what the hon. member said in this House, after I had -twitted him on his inconsistency : — ' 'When I . 'declared myself upon the hustings I said I was 'in favor of leaving the Education Question alone. I say so now. That is my opinion ? ' still. Am I then, inconsistent, when I rise ' 'in my place this evening and tell members ' that I intend to support this n-man ^m«it, \- 'because I consider the Bill before us pro ' 'poses a material alteration in the present ' law P. It is because it makc3 an alteration in ' the present law that I shall vote against it.' He went on to say in the same speech : ' I 'have listened with interest to the remarks ' made this evening, and nothing that I have ' so far heard has compelled me to alter the 'opinions which I expressed on the hustings, 'in favor of leaving the present system 'alone.' Is the hon. member leaving it ' alone to-night ? He- went on further to say : 'I always understood that all the Assisted ' Schools asked for was to be left alone in the . 'enjoyment of what they are now receiving^ 'I never, until I came into this House as a ^^enrber, understood that the Assisted 'Schools were crying out for an increased grant_ «? . ... Leave the Assisted Schools alone.' He went on again to say: 'I desire to be ' true on this occasion to my electioneering 'utterances.' Is the hon. member true to bis electioneering utterances to-night ? He also said: 'The Premier may laugh, but he 'cannot show that I am not true to them. « I declare again that what I said in 'Albany was that I am against any * alteration of the present educational ' system. .... My desire is to see 'the system continue, and for that reason I 'intend to support this amendment, which ' leaves the Assisted Schools exactly in the ? same position as they are in now.' Is the hon.. member wishing to have this system continued to-night? The hon. member is silent on that. He further went on to say : ? ? ' If every member is as true to his pledges as \- «? I am — if members opposite were as true to 'tjieir pledges as I am — they would rather 'leave this question alone and not seek to * meddle with it. That is what I desire to do «*and that is why I am going to vote for the \- 'amendment.*' If the hon. member is not ashamed of having spoken in that way, twelve months ago, and of speaking as he has done to-night, then it is no use my using words in regard to him; but it may be of use that I should show to members here and to the people of the country that the hon. mem ber for Albany has broken his pledges given to his constituents and his pledges given to this House; and then, if they ?wish to allow the hon. member to get into these Beats, which he is using every ' ' endeavor to do, they will know what to ex . pect from brm. I do sot intend to say much snore. I regret I am not in as good trim to night for speaking as I should desire to be, although it is an easy matter to meet an attack like this from the hon. member, because he lays hwngpM* open to retort in a very easy way. I do not know what the hon. member thinks of his motion on this matter, but I should be ashamed if I acted in that inconsistent way. I have been. a good many years in political life, as you all know, but X have never gone back and twisted right round from -what I had. said at a previous time. You may look through the Hansard reports, but win not \- find that I deliberately turned round within. ~ twelve months on what I had previously said on any question. % think the hon. member's duty, if he has so changed his opinion, is to go back to his constitu'er£B for election, because t '*/?'?. ? ' ? ' ' ''.-... he has broken the pledges he gave to them, and yet to-night he asks us here to trust him. Is any one going to trust the hon. member Triio breaks his word in the short space of twelve months ? Is he a man to be entrusted with the Government of this country ? I say he is not a fit person. [He. Leakb: I am thoroughly done.] He comes here and asks this House to follow him in the very opposite direction to ?what he advocated last year. I can very well under stand that a man may change his opinion on » question — that is right enough — hut there 1b a difference in changing an opinion. If the hon. member had been the follower of some one who was ion-iiT»g in the matter, and who had changed his opinion, the hon. member might then excuse himself in some degree for follow* ing such a change ; but the hon. member ie not content to follow the wisdom of thehon. member (Mr. Bandell) and those who sit near him — he wants to lead, and is not content to follow. He rushes into the fray, and by breaking all his pledges given, not only on the hustings, but also to members of tibia House and to the country, he is now trying to lead on this ques tion. I have said all I have to say. I hope hon. members will not regard this matter in titie light of a religiousqucstian. The Govern ment are willing to deal with, the Education Question, and if they can find any means to allay this agitation that is going on, this sektingot class agsunstclass, and puttangfxiends one against another — if the Government can do anything to allay this dissension which has arisen only during' the lost year or two, and which has been stirred up by some one in the country who is trying to put dis sension between different sections of the community — If the Government; can do anything to sweep that dissension away, and at the same time do justice and right to those who have built up their interests under the law of the land, then no one will be more anxious than I and those associated with me, to try and bring that great good to pass. Mb. ILLINGWOBTH: The logic of the Premier amounts to this, that the hon. member for Albany is inconsistent, therefore it is desirable to let tho present systeta of Education remain as it is. The connection between the premises and the conclusion is not very clear. I desire to speak to this question altogether apart from the sugges tions which have been thrown oat by the Premier, or even hy the mover of the motion. Principles are principles, and they are for ordinary as well as for extraordinary occasions. I have been fighting this * question for 30 years, and I have not come to Western Australia to go back 19011 principles I have always contended for elsewhere. I am notrising in my place to-night to speak to this motion for the purpose of ousting the Ministry. The question of the Ministry is with me a very secondary question to this question , and if the Hon. the Premier fhinln^ as he has announced and has absolutely stated to-night, that the object which I should have in supporting the motion now before the House is because I desire a seat upon the Treasury benches, he never made a greater mistake in his life. I have not a particle of ambition to sit on the Treasury benches ; and though the Premier smiles because he does not believe it, that is so much the worse for himself, because it is true all the same. But apart from this question of the Ministry, I desire simply to discuss this motion on its merits. If a vote of mine puts a. Ministry out, that is quite subsidiary to the question upon which I may speak or vote. I am not looking at the question from that standpoint. I am utterly unconcerned as to theconseqnenceof the vote I give upon any question when it is a question of principle. Looking at the question as it stands, as already referred to by the hon. member for Albany, we discussed the Education Question last session, and a critical vote was given in which the Ministry came very near a defeat. A second motion came before the House, in which the Ministry were defeated ; and since that time there have been two elections in the country which, despite anything' that any one can say, were distinctly fought on the Educa tion Question. The result of those elections, if they are to be understood at all, was the direct voice of the people, as far as these two electorates are concerned, adverse to the con tinuance of the dual system. It is, as I con tend, an ineffective system. We have come now to a stage of this colony's history in which we shall have to take our place and stand in line with the sister colonies upon this and many other questions ; and, as far as the other portions of Australia are concerned, the line which has been accepted by the people of those colonies is that the education of the children shall be undertaken by the State, and that the education which & given shall be free, secular, and compulsory. Hon. members -who sit on the Treasury benches seem to be sur prised that, at this stage, there come3 ;a desire to change a law which has existed for 26 years. Is it strange. that in the population that has risen from 38,000 to 90,000, and is still rising, the great balk of those persons have come from other colonies — colonies where this question had been a horning one, and where it has been fought out on its merits ? is it surprising that there is more than one half of the people who have lately come to this country who are accustomed to and pledged to a different system of education, and that there should be a desire fora change ? Does not the Premier know that if the vote of the people of this country were taken to-day, openly and fairly, more than£wo-tbirds would vote for free, secular, andcompnlsory educa tion ? If he does not know that, it is time he did. The Pbemteb: Yon don't know it any more than I do. Ms. ILUNGWOBTH:: The whole question is a matter of opinion,, and my opinion is worth perhaps nearly as much as thai of the Hon. the Premier — sot worth quite as xnuchv because there is not as much of it The sys tem, however, is ineffective. I am not con cerned at all about ' the question of the Ministry ; and, as far as I am concerned^ tHe present Ministry -can stop in their places till the crack of doom, if they will govern; tbe country rightly. I have no desire to displace the Ministry unless they ?rev doing wrong. S there is one important question in connection* with Government, in these enlightened days, it is that the children of the State, every chOfi in it, rich and poor, shall receive j a good, sound, practical education. I contend that* the system which exists in. Western. tmtoaBt to-day is absolutely ineffective. It does paot give to the children a good, soun&roact;)cal ducation. And if this system, after having bean tried for 25 years, as the Premier tells us, can still be charged with inefficiency, surely there is nothing remarkable in desiring a change. The Premier will remember that, on ilie Address-ia-Beply, I urged that this question should be dealt with. I said then, and say again now, that never in the history of this country ivill there be a Ministry so capable, so far as their strength and position and opportunities are concerned — never a Ministry stronger and better able to deal with a difficult question like this., than the present Ministry ; and if this is to be a difficult ques tion, the present Ministry are strong enough, and they ought to have courage enough, to face this question. As to my own action, after having- dealt with the question from that stand point, and allowing to the Ministry a consider able time for dealing with it, I come and ask the Ministry again, ' Do you intend to deal with the question ?' And to that I get an emphatic ' no.' [Tee Pbemxeb : I said ' Not at present.'] Well, that is an emphatic ' too,' for you did not give any indication as as to how or when yon -would deal with it. Then, to justify myself in the position which I occupy to-night, I want just to explain why, at this particular time, I press the question on the House. Ths question, as it presents itself to me is this : There have grown np in this country vested interests in the dual system. Those vested interests most be respected. lam the last man in this country to deal with a vested right and do an injustice. I take it that before the Ministry bring in their Budget and before they declare what they intend to do with the surplus revenue which they possess, it is right to urge on the Government the desirability of dealing with this vastly im portant question of Education, in order that they may appropriate as much of that surplus as may be necessary for doing justice to the vested interests which have grown up under the -dual system. I say this to the country, — I stty this to the vacant chair of the Premier — I say this to the Ministry to-night: that the primary object I have in bringing this question forcibly before the House at the present stage is that justice should be done to the vested interests, before that money of the surplus is allotted to other purposes. If it had not been for that, I would much have preferred to leave this question to be dis cussed later in the session ; but, satisfied as I am that the dual system cannot be mended and must be ended — satisfied as I am that the voice of the country is absolutely against it — satisfied as I am that the system will go by tbe board the first time the country is appealed to on the question, I say no better chance than the present, while there is a large surplus of revenue to deal with, can be expected to arise for making the necessary change — -while things are i**1mx while the Ministry are strong, and while they have sufficient money available for doing justice to all interests. I would like that this question should be discussed to-night abso lutely on its merits — that the question as to the Ministry should be left out — and. above all things, that tbe question of religious differences should be left out. My desire is to leave out the side issues ; for, as far as the Ministry are concerned, that is a red herring drawn over the trail, simply to divert attention. Like the Premier's attack on the hon. member for Albany, there is a good deal of talk in it, but very little logic bearing on the real question. One would think, from the argument of the Premier, that it is better to be wrong in order to be consistent, than to change one's opinion in order to be right. I hope I shall never be right on that system. The man who changes his mind, even though he does it twice a week if necessary, is the man I believe in, rather than tbe man who sticks to his opinion for the sake of consistency. Lat us be on the other side of right ; let us vindi cate the questions which are right. Of course if the Premier is prepared to say the hon. member for Albany is not sincere in changing an opinion, that wOl be another matter ; but in the ea -_? of the man who changes hi3 opinion and has the courage to say so, and who stands on the side of right, surely it is better that he should be inconsistently right than thai he should be consistently wrong. Then there ia the objection that this ia an inopportune time for this motion, because it raises a question of want of confidence in the Ministry. I should like to know a time — I have never found it yet henror elsewhere — when it is opportune, in the opinion of the Ministry of the day, to pro pose a motion of want of confidence in them. Will the Attorney-General, for instance, be good enough, for once, to give us a date when it would be perfectly convenient to the pre sent Ministry to have a motion of want of con fidence brought in against them? Perhaps, in addition to choosing the time, they would like to select the member who should move the motion — in which case the motion might come on a couple of thousand years hence. When ever I look at this Ministry, whenever I hear this funny talk, I am reminded of those oft quoted lines of Tennyson .- — Men may come, and men may go But the Forrest Ministry go on for crier. I have no objection to their going on so long as they go right. I do think it is unfair — at any rate, I Seel it as an injustice — that because I am compelled to speak here in defence of a principle I have contended for during thirty years, I am to be charged with hampering the Government. I appeal to hon. members whether any speech I have delivered or any vote I have given has been chargeable with any such motive as that. I think even the Premier will admit I have given support to this Government when I thought they were right. I have supported them over and over again, and have seen personal thanks recorded in Hansard for my doing so. To say, therefore, that I am supporting this motion for the pur pose of hampering the Government or to jump the Ministerial seats, is a palpable in justice, and as such I take it. The Premier says this is a question that deserves grave consideration. X admit itdeserves grave con sideration, but will there bo a House in the future — is it likely that under any franchise in the future there will be a House more cal culated to carefully consider and justly deal with this question? I am certain that, if the Ministry think over it, they must know there never waB a time when absolute justice could be done to this question more completely than by the present House. Tbs Pebweb : Youcton'fcgive us time. Yon L are in such a hurry. Ms. IIJJNGWOETH: ff we had not brought this icotioaforsrard, you would have _ gone onfor ever. If ever there was a Govern ment desirons of leaving things alone, on this question, it is tbe present Government. I do not think it is at all desirable to enter into certain phases of this question, for the reasons I have suggested. The Ministerial question I care nothing about. The religious question 16 oael hope we shall not go into, for there -ia nothing I hate more than a contention of that kind. Of course we cannot avoid, at times the necessity of discussing questions from that standpoint, but in Parliament I hope vre shall think as little of it as possible ; and speaking thus early in this debate, I entirely omit all reference to that question. I have simply to deal -with the question of the efficiency of a system of education which will meet the wishes of the people, a system of education which more than two- thirds of the people in this country now need, and have been accustomed to before they came here, and which I con scientiously believe two-thirdsof the people de sire. I should be untrue to the principles I hold if I ware not to support this motion as it stands ; and, consequently, I rise' early to speak on the question, and to say as little as I can say consistently with the convictions which I hold. Leaving out altogether ques tions which might reise painful debate, X say the system is inefficient. I say that now, while we have a fitn»»n»i»1 surplus, is the time to make an alteration ; . and, before that sur plus is allotted, let us deal, and deal justly and equitably, with those vested interests that have grown up. My one object in bringing this matter before the House, by a question put to the Government early in the session, was in order that it might be discussed and dealt with, and that the Premier might be free to .deal with a portion of the surplus, and arrange a righteous and just settlement of this ques tion, t-aUng proper consideration of the vested interests that have grown up. If there had been no surplus to deal with, I -would rather have left the Education Question to a later period of the session. That is my sole object for pressing the matter as I do upon the pre sent occasion. Mr. EANDEIX : I would like to say a few words upon this very important subject, which is of very great importance to myself, and in which I have taken a somewhat' prominent part in regard to the abolition of the dual system. I am quite in accord with the opin ion that the tiniehas arrived when this ques tion should beconsidered and dealt with. I feel assured the opinion of the country is maturing every day and growing stronger on the question ; and I believe those hon. mem bers who have quoted the recent elections are right in saying those elections were fought out on this question. Indeed, sometimes when I think over the matter, I am surprised at the rapid advance this question has made in the politics of the country ; and I am sure there, trill be continued agitation and strife in the colony if this question is not dealt -with at the present opportunity. It is well known, how ever, that I believe the motion tabled by the hon. member for Albany is not the way to approach this question. I feel as strongly as he does that the question ought to bo dealt with, and I feel as strongly as the hon. member for Nannine has expressed himself to-night that tbe present Ministry are in the. best position to deal with it, while I feel equally as strongly that they have a right to choose their own time, -within cer tain limitations. I recognise and I honor the position -which the Premier himself has taken upon this question. It is vieU known that at the hist general elections this was not a burning question in the constituencies, to any great extent. I quite admit that the elections in Perth have altered the features of the question altogether, and I believe they were the start ing point of the progress that has since been made on this question. No doubt the three seats in Perth were won on this question, and that they have had a large influence on tbe opinions and feelings of the country. 60 you will find that election after election in the country will be won in this way, and* that these expressions of opinion will be adverse to the dual system. Indeed, we find that in a vacancy occurring in a constituency of the Upper House, even a Koman Catholic candidate is not prepared to advocate a con tinuance of the dual system— that he is not in favor of it, though at the same time he Is not quite in favor of adopting the system which some of us desire, and he has mentioned a system in America which I believe approaches somewhat nearly to our present system of education. It iB because I believe the victory really has been won, and because I believe the Forrest Ministry are at present realising that the country is desiring this change ; it is be cause, too, I read between the lines of the answer which the Premier has given to the question of the hon. member for Nannine, that they arc prepared to deal with the question by and by that I think the present motion is not opportune. I can quite agree -with the opinion expressed by the Premier that the question should be approached with the great est care and consideration. I gire due weight to the statement which the Premier has made to-night, that this is a syBtem which has grown np under Statute law, and that it should be approached deliberately; therefore I have no sympathy with, the desire to force the Ministry to take up this question at tiie time which is not opportune to themselves. Still, I want to express Jay most decided opinion that it will be their duty to take np this question, and that they can do it with less disturbance to the political relations of the colony than if it were left to the next general elections, should tbe Ministry remain in power till then, asdoubtless they wilL If left till the next elections this will become a question that must disturb the constituencies throughout the country, and then it must promote strife and dissension amongst neighbors generally. I think the present system is altogether out of place. I think it is just a. question of arrangement. I hope those who have derired to retain assistance for their schools are realising that public opinion is against them, and is growing stronger and stronger, and I hope they will acquiese in that opinion, and be ?willing to come to terms with the .Govern ment and Parliament as to tiie conditions upon which the aid now given to them shall cease. They are, no doubt, and every hon. member will realise that they are, interested and ought to be considered, and that they should be dealt with fairly and equitably. It is because I think the question deserves tiie fullest consideration, that I have not been able to give my adhesion to the motion which has been placed before the House to-*»«iht. J.ina ? r * ' ' — ? ? - ? -? -- not think it was a subject which demanded a esolutian of this kind — a vots of no-confidence in the Forrest Ministry — for th2 reasons I have already, because I believe thare is in this mind of the Government at present a desire to take up this question and deal with it at the earliest opportunity. That is how I real tha answer giv-*u by the Premier, and I hope I read it aright. Mb. Sospson : There is not another man in this country reads it that way. Mb. BANDELL : I quite know there axe many others who do not hold that opinion. Another reason I have for not joining iny f riani here, who wishes to fores the question to the front with somewhat injudicious haste, was because I felt that an adverse vote iu this House might jeopardise the question to some extent and might postpone its settlement to the end of the present Parliament, and that is a result I should be sorry for. My opinion is that the matter should be be dealt with, at any rate, in the next session of this Parliament. I should like to have a distinct promise to- night on the sub je.t,bntl have an impression on my mind that it is the intention of the Government to deal with the question this session. If it is not dealt with by the Government in this or the next session, the delay will be productive of great ill feeling and a deal of mischief in the country. I believe many hon. members on die other side of the House are with me on this point. That is the way I would deal with the question. I believe an hon. member will move an amendment, later on, something to the same effect. Itonly rose now to express emphatic desire to have this question settled, and I know no one will dispute my honesty of purpose, aid I have it very near my heart. It give! me pain, to some extent, to have to vote against the motion of the hon. member for Albany and others, who I believe are strictly honest in their desire on this question, and wish to force it. I desire more to vindicate the position I occupy with regard to this motion, which I look upon mot so much as directed to the Education Question as it is to a vote of no confidence in the Ministry of the day. Mb, SIMPSON : I am vary glad indeed, Mr. Speaker, that we shall be able to send through oat the country the good news of the debate of this evening, and I know that it will be with a feeling of satisfaction that the people of this colony will receive the news that the great question oE Education has been settled by the proceedings in this Assembly this evening-. We have bsen told, Sir, that the Premier has really promised to take the matter up. So far as I am concerned, there is no doubt on my mind that the Forrest Government will take up anything so long as they can stick where they are. I was particularly struck by the fact that in his speech the Premier did not say very much about the Education Question. He seemed to devote the whole of hia important time and to sacrifice all the dignity of the great position he holds to a. full five and twenty minutes of silid and liberal abuse directed against the hon. member for Albany, The worst of is was this abuse was not clever — there was no wit in it. He lost his temper and scolded. There was a good dsal of what I might call ' the old lady' about it, and from any point of view it cannot be said there was very much in what the Hon. the Premier had said. The Premier suggested the other night that there was little in etu arguments, l-ut£t]^ has, I am sorry to say, used plenty £b-mghW JIj do notaltogether agree witlihim in his methods' Somehow or other I have managed tojdrfj across an official pamphlet, entitled, 'Tic speech by the Hon. Sir John Forrest, ILC.ll.Gj Premier and Colonial Treasurer, to his con: stitoents at Bunbury, on May 23i\l, ilsJl.' This deliverance to his constituents was just on the eve of the general election, and in it he presented the policy of the Government, which everyone was waiting for with breathless interest. He had there reporters from all over the colony to take down the precious words as they fell from hia lips — and gave him the opportunity of correcting them afterwards. In this speech the Hon. the Premier referred to the Educationquestion, and he said, ' There is another subject 1 would like to touch on very shortly. Perhaps it is necessary I should say something on behalf of the Government with regard to our system of education. In I8ri ? .' You see how he went back to the old Education Act of England, although, he was careful not to say that the English Act had been amended twenty times since then. Mb. Maemion : Not in the way you want it. There was no alteration there. Mb. SIMPSON: Let me tell the hon. mem ber that he will find it a very wise policy to never prophesy nnlwgg you know all about it. However I find the Premier said : ' In 1871 the present Education Act was passed, and from chat time to this it seems to have worked fairly well.' A little further on he said to his constituents : My advice to you, and my ad vice to the people of this district and the colony is to leave the principles of the Educa tion Act, as regards the Assisted S chools, alone.' In his speech to-night the Hon. the Premier allnded to the action taken by the hon. member for Albany as being inconsistent. Now, to my mind, the action of the hon. member for Albany has been singularly con sistent. Indeed I venture to say it has been remarkably so. On the other hand, the incon - sistency of the Premier himself on this ques tion has evidently been equally remarkable. In fact, Sir, I think that I am right in saying that he has presented us with the most marvellous example of 'Jump Jim Crow' that we have ever had in this country. He has not only turned ont and turned in and turned about, but I really believe he has suc ceeded in turning himself inside out. Now, Sir, -what I want to xuore particularly draw attention to here is ths fact that we have really bad no definite promise on this sub ject from tiie Hon. the Premier. It has been hinted that there will be proposed a friendly amendment to this motion of tho hon. member for Albany, Well, let me say that there has been a good deal of coquetting going on twith regard to the Education Question. Various gentlemen on the Government side of the House found themselves face to face with awkward pledges to their constituents. They know full well that the demand of the people of this colony is that the true, the free, the great National system of Education must be placed on tiie Statute Book of the colony, and on the other hand they want to know how they can have this and keep the Forrest. Ministry in as welL Some of them seemed to think the Education Question could go and the Ministry retaain. Those hon. members know, and I »—^ like to impress ihe.fac&.gnoa them, that one-? the people of this country get Ii;-jd ;-i' iho 1 fac£ that sonii.* lui- aiVkH-s v.x-iv ili'L-ly 1j :j.i:v;- ! fie? th.- yroat yi-inci-,! jjuf i-;u -^'..i-jJial Eda- j eation systtci simply in o-.\ijr to Viovp the min istry ia. a good najiibor of tiio;n v.iii law the I'pportnnitv- oi' syaii.liag Iko i-i-Jt oi th'-iip--iiti- tiicavt'i- i.-i a])^r:.-lt; J:!:v;-n. It ;?* .L^.'l^r slooj rhoro is gi :b^ to l-o ;;:?- ;.-,;-e:-i!:i ut— :i ui'iloiuiiU*; a!B(.-i;-ii;i, ui — J:;l'h uy '?;?' 'i'-;1 diplomatic uieiaba:-j of th? H-.--.:= j 10- 'iiplo matic reasons, u*iuwi;.hi?ii- obi-'iL of ::;;--v.ir.;-- the Goveriiuieav to climb uo'n cn-i m.vt tiii v.-ishes cf, as veil :is s:ive LVi.-ii- sn;:_-- ?'t.jr?. The L'ar:s:ii^: I kiro m: so;a 1;:^ a..::csd ment. Me. SIMPSOX .- I haro Jiftird of .1 ;::na who said he h:ni not seen a orlar.i :ui.'ii''a :iim ?'?' did not see it for tlic sinijd ? ~. K-.cn th:-r he turned his back io tho man v.lio v.o3 ronding Tas Pbskie-jl-. It has never hesn rend to me. Me. SIMPSOX: As I said before this amendment is to bn diplomatically drawn uit so that the Premiar can ui tic- a. slop dov/n :mil allow the ciatter to come on in spite °f *.vb;it lie said V-L-£or j. The reason tray ih 1 i'reiak-r luis ::iais or proposes to iuj,'io a it piv.aisi is simply to b3 found iu thi- ij. :t that; he h-is h:nl to give way to the pressure from those on his own side. The Hon. tha PiVMuiur lias beon th? reeepiaut of a lot cf sound ud\ici on this qu-jstion. Ho h.ts always besa iu thu halnt of treating any advice I hare -*iv,;n Iiitu with a. considerable amount of acerbity, bat ho has to admit to himseit that t!i-« advice given him onthis very question fooforo the llousois about theaounde3tadvicehewasfv.?rgotia his life, and I am pleased that he has found it somewhat advisable to givo a little attention to the voice of the people. 'Tha hon. ni%i3ii-«' for X.-iuuiru ?was quite right when he sni'I that tbo gi-owlh of public opinion on this ouostion has l;oon marvellous, and I am innro than glad that t -- night -we are able to send it forth throughout the country, that beyond tha question or shadow of doulit tlia vexed question of Education. hr«s really bem settled. The t!ua! j system has to go. There can be no lai.&skc.; | Mr. Speaker, in the luwdu-riiin:? oa the vrzH. j It is there plainly and unmistakcabiy, and it 1 tells the people tliat the sottlomoat of this j question is to be on the busis of equity, of jus tice, and of respect to iho legal or moral rights of all parties who will be concerned. The manner in which justice can best foe secured will ba a matter for the most cai-uf ill consideration aa&diseussica;, but whatever is done must be done ia a spirit of equity, liber ality, and justice to all. I have had u. good deal to do with this question. I hivrti taken a large interest in it wherever it was pos.sii.-!c. I felt, Sir, that in this inaitor of a national system of Education, I had a sacred duty to perform, I have endeavored, to perform that duty without flinching-. One gentleman has said to-night that I ran s.n election on this question, aad gained any coat. Ilzslioul'ihsvo said that I ran the question anil that if. ueii-ly | lost m° aiy seat, for tha shuplo ra.-isnn th:it I was then one of those who xras fi^:i.:n:|- for what was regarded aa the lo.-in^ ciiu^. Thk Pee-siki : You said yea -u-ouM Euri port the Government, and that is why y.ju got in. Mr. SrSIPSON : I narcr S.V.J r,r,y snch thing, and what is more there w;m a {.-no-1 rea son why I would not. Thy; ;^ood rc-ison was in tiie fact that I knew ths Government was doing all it possibly could to hr.ro ma duf-.-uted, although they may foo surprised to find that I laio-M it. He. Leaee : Why, you are al.-uoat sa had as me. Mr. SliirsON : I have said I h:wv- had a good deal to do vriih. this qunsiioxi. V'Ai, .-??-, I thick there is one thing ths llc.isu can «'..- when the subject is before It, as it i.-; jji-owi-wd it will be, and that is to give a asost jjt-nerous recognition of the grazt work dono l»y tho educational institutions that have Loan estab lished and carried on hevs ia ths past. In this recoeet we cannot bo too liberal. For nay own part I view tue gr-tst work done in this direction with fevliags of the deepest respect and admiration. I uo not balieve it can bo said of me that I h-ivo s.iid one unkind word, one single unkind syllable, as to the existing Educational establishment, and I really fcnow of no disa1 i'ity or obstacle which oujjht to be p'aced in the Act that Eiay pos sibly prevent a happy union and .a perfect con cord in the matter of the education of the whole of the children of tiris land. An idea has been brought forward — and I can only regard it as an idea, that has foacn imported here from the old world — that cran in a national system of education there should be placed invidious barriers between the children. but this could not be eo in this colony ' as the thing is bent, so is the tree inclined' and if there were any invidious barriers to keep Use children apart fiom each other it would mean that a bad feeling- vronid grow up between them through hfe. There should be no bar to the harmonious education of tbe yo^.th of this colony. This subject v/as referr-?u to oa one occasion by a mm who v.-as srcat'y connected with the progress o-- this ques tion in Australia. Ia 18S1 Sic Henry Paikes succeeded in carrying through the New South Wales Parliament the principles which the great majority of the people in this colony are fighting- for now. In referring to the success of tha Act in tha colony, the great legislator I have referred to said: 'Our system ia so completely r.011 ' sectarian that any parent — let his fnith tie ' whatever it may be— can send hi= --l-iM to tha ' public school without llie siij^Jitrst foar that 'his child's feith can ?-s tampered with. And ' what more is wanted ? And I must say a word or two — and I say thorn Hie more madily because I belieTe there is a very large propor tion of this community belonging to tho Koman Catholic Church — I must s.-iy -j. word or 'two with respect to our Eowiau Catholic ' ' fallow-citizens. I cannot coirjprohond -why ' Roman Catholic parents cannot sen J their ' children to our public schools ? « I cannot see, when we have of necessity to 'grow up together to pei-forin tlio same- duties ?'in society to derive at the same ends of lifo — ' I cannot: comprehend how it neud interfere ?' with the religious faith of the Boain Caiho ' lie child when he attends school to ' read, to sum up figures, to understand «« a little of the geographical features ' of the earth, with Protestant children — 'how that can unOt the cliild for recaiv *? ing his religious faith. ? 'We 'must rub shoulders together, we must 'wort in the saaje workshops toiretherj we ' must follow the same plough, we must mai ? the saiue jliips togc-tuer, we must use tht *? sraije tools ia erecting oar houses together-' ' an 3 why should not oar children sit side by ' sidv ia Jicing taught to read ?' This is the spirit I should liko to see ijaparted into the j-'jl.lij schools of this c-ionj- wluii tho Govem ? ;:?.?«* l.riug in this sio.-is'jswao thjy havo pro ;i: :.--.. Hi, ::n-\ as I btliovo tu-;y intend to. I r.-.-ui.l also Hire to say this, that I am very l-lu:isi'd 5nd:-ed to sps the efforts — ard the sucoj'oalul efforts — mad-? by the Slinister of £Mi'.cat:o:» tjo-tend :khi inmrove the system ncv.- in force ic tho colony. He has done gooc v.-orit, :md laid the foundation of work whicl we will jlntl to ho invaluable later on in th« history of tho eolocy. I am glad to see th6 ncli'.a the iiouse has taken on this subject ic-night, and I cannot help saying that by securing - his National System of Education — f !-?-.?», co:i:j:u3oory and secular — for thopeopleot : the colony, we will have dene the greatest public good ever accomplished here, the greatest booai ever written in th? Statute ' looks o? the colony, and tbe brightest page of the Jf-:n5.i)-J of 'Western Australia. I would like to loot upon the schools uirdcr this ne* system of education as intellectual granaries through 'n-'ior^; open floors would flow the streams of enlightenment, of useful knowledge, ?if powers of invention, and of manufactures, so that in tbe years to come our children may Ixj a credit and well worthy of the great Empire to which wo belong. I congratulate tho country on having a man whose regard fot the public interest was so great that he had tabled this motion to-night and had been tbe active means of compelling the Forrest Gov ernment to acknowledge the fact that the demand of the people is tliat this niuch vexed , ouosliou should ba settled, and to promise \ lii-t it would bring ia a Bill to provide for the introduction of the system the people of the colony are demandinjj. THi; COMMISSIONER 0PCE0WX LANDS (Hon. A. If. liichardson) r I do not intend to extend tho ieagth of this debate in any carious drgrc?. Sly action on this question at present, and the position I liuve ocj'ijv.cvl ia tha past in rahitioa to it apjiwars to havo struck the hon. members for Albany as beiug somewhat curious. He saya ho fails to see how I can reconcile my past action with ray present position. All I can say, Mr. Speaker, is thstt if my explanation is as inefficient, lame and miserable as the one ho puL forward, to excuse his own inconsis tency, I shall utterly fail to reconcile my pre sent position with my past professions. The lion, raau&gr; appeared to nie to studiously avoid the pages of Hiinsard. Everyone else appears to have also avoided Hansard on the subject. I am going lo pursue a different course end propose to quots Hansard even if it is against myself which I know wiil give the lion, member for Albany every satisfaction. The first occasion I had anything to do with a vote on tho Education Question was in con EPction with :i motion brought for would by ths hon. member Geraldton on October Sthj 1K0-1. The hon. member then moved. 'That* i:i tho opiniou of this House, it is undesirable to further cstaad the system of State aid to Assisted Schools, and I said : — ' 1 do ' act know that there is any reason vrhy ' iuo.»])«vrs should giva a silent vota on this ' question, if it is only just a few words to set ' fci-th the reasons why we intond to vote for ' or aguiast it. I take particular note of the ' tenor of tbe motion, and I find that the ctux ' of it is contained in the two woriifc, 'further ' ' ejrtwid* — that is whether the present system ' -h-:-!i:d lio further extended. Whether the ' )«(.ti.-.3i goes far enough is a matter of opinion, ' rji'I I cannot cater into that question at 'prcs--Ht. The motion as it stands affirms '? i'i.it ' it is undesirable to further extend the ' ' systa:n cf State aid to Assisted Schools.' ' Therefore, I take it that anyone who votes ' against tbe motion votes for what is tanta ' mount to saying tliat it shall be farther ' extended. I sec no getting out of that. If ' we cannot a-Jlnn that it is not desirable to .' farther oxt,;n« the present system, we simply ' luenn to aiiirm that it is desirable to further 'extend it. I think it is well for tho ' House to consider that point seriously, ' 'not on?}' as it affects the present, but * ' also the future, for we are not deal ' inj» alone with the present, but also the ' future, for we are now dealing alone 'vitii the proseat, but the further ex ' tension of the present system.' When I voted in favor of this motion that it wss not desirable to extend the State aid to assisted schools.. I supported a principle which I again affirm now. The next time I had the opportunity to say anything on the question was when a BUI was brought in to in croaso the grants to State and Assisted Schools by a large amount. I then eaid:— ' I do not intend to say ranch on this eub ' ject. It is one that has been threshed out ' on several occasions. I desire to look *.t it «* from a common sense point of view, a plain '? and simpie point of view. I cannot help ' thinking that the relation between the State ' and these Assisted Schools is something in ' the nature of the contract under which the ' State agrees to pay them a subsidy of £1 15a. ' per head on condition that they comply with ' certain regulations and stipulations. While ' that argument lasts— and. it is only a ' tentative or conditional agreement, ' durable only bo. long as Parliament ' considers it ought lo last — it ought ' to lie a-Uiered to by both the contracting ** parlies,, and I cannot for the life of me find ' anything in. this contract which gives these ' schools the right to expect that the amount ' payable to them by the State tinder its con ?' tract, with them sliall Ije increased upon any 'sort of condition cr under any circunj ' stances.' I am still of tliat opinion, and qu te skuiiy so, too. It is a proper argument thax th- position of the Assisted Schools and the St:it« is v«i'y much in the nature of a contract. If they have no legal rights no one can say they have not moral rights under this implied con tract, aa-.L while I oppose ths increase, I would not dream or ruthlessly taking the subsidy or suiting without regard to the vested rights which the Hon. the Premier has properly said '.vr.ro create d 1st Statute. That has been my action in the past. I say that under no cir cuiiisianecs is it inconsistent with my action at the present time. If anyone were to ask ?no a direct question ir I was in favor of the deal system of education I would most em-* 2-hatica}]y answer no, and I would qo fur tber and say that I am doing njy uttermost as a Member of the Ministry to get the system altered. Whatever influence I have had I ' have use3, and I £.0 hope it will bring good . - '^Bf ? — ? l^--4l«r_ Uave net found any great opposi te «o £tr.in fur&oring; that end. Thediffi o^yiafiie^y is really as to the best way to bring tbe autteron. We have to acknow fedge«*ttt«O6 Assisted Schools have vested B£ii±a,sact-OHri)nBder the Statute lav they have «aiwnawa large sums of money. They have acted unfits, a contract, and *^'* Govern utont osaaot ruthlessly sever lie contract without due and just regard to the Vested in terests. Not to do so wonid be iw^''g the 1 - overmnent to commit a greater trr**'^ of Uiih than, it would care to perpetrate. Ano '.'.tcr consideration is as to tite time, and when ?- ny alteration should take place. This was the ..:-' in question that infioences *=*'* eonsidera ? ion of the Ministry now. The hon. member .??r Albany and tho hon. member for Gerald ivn, have both declared that the growth of public opinion on thiaq-nmstartniHm beensbnply marvellous. This in itself is ample proof of the justification for a change in the ideas of the Ministry on this question. They, too, most see the hand writing on the wall, like other people. While the question lie dormant, and while there was no agitation on the part of the public, or dflcatMi expressions of opinion, the Gov ernment did right to leave the question alone. The member for Albany was Tiimgplf in favor of leaving the subject alone a. little while bock. As soon as it is evident that the majority of the people desire new legislation, tike Ministry would be untrue to the country and ontrne to their position if they failed to recognise the position. The Government has given careful thought to this question, and if it was worth while the Premier could produce documentary evidence to show that he had the matter under his serious consideration before the question in regard to it was asked by the hon. member for Nannine. I am pre pared to say for myself that if the proposal of the hon. member for Albany was a direct one in favor of the National Educa tion system I would vote for it That would be acting in accordance with my private opinion. Although one may be a member of a Cabinet, there could be no reason on a question like this sort, why I or any other ' member should not* exercise our private Con victions. There is no dissension in the Cabinet over this. For my own part, I am fully satis fied that fiie Government does intend to bring in a measure to be in accord with the wishes of the House and of the people. What I would like hon. members to bear in mind is that they must be ready to accept com promises. You find that in our everyday dealings there are all sorts of compromises be tween men, and the same thing had to apply to politicians. Mb. Leaks : The Premier denies that. The COMMISSIONEB OP CEO WN LANDS (Hon. A. R. BichardEon) : I think the weakest and most pitiable part of the address of the hon. member for Albany is where he says he has been studying this question for a great number of years without being able to make np his mind. 3I:j. rj-.^rKGWOBTH : His is a large mind. The COMMISSIONER OP CEOWN LANDS ( :'- 11. A. 2i. Biehardson) : Evidently, and it . . isr-rc-d to me that such a large mind must ? ?.:« a great deal of winVing tip. He was ? ??- ny years in Tnnt-iTiff np his mind, and then . ??? ;is to change it. However, I am not going ? - » rouble myself by copious ' arguments to i .-.?i.-k individual members. These recrimin . ? .ag- charges of inconsistency do not do any ; rjd tor the simple reason that if members . ..i-cJ to do it, it would be found that no mem !.er of the House was consistent. Every man thinks he is the only consistent person living, 'i'he hon. member for Geraldton was somewhat unfair to the Ministry in his remarks. He said that the Ministry was ready to do any. tiling the people wished, so long as it meant keeping their seats. Now, I don't think that is a fair construction to put on any change of opinion on the part of a Ministry. If a Gor -enunent changes its policy because there is a demand on the part of the public for certain legislation it should not be charged with changing itB opinion merely to remain in power. It night just as well be said that in any movement of the Opposition the sole reason for it would be to try and get the Ministerial seats for themselves. Hr. Eunsos : The Premier charges us with trying to do that about every twenty rmwTxfoB THE COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LARDS (Hon. A. R. Bichardson): There may be something in the charge. Sow ever, « I said before, we want to deal with tiiis great question in a satisfactory wmwn md thai is not going to be done by hon. limmnflw proposing a vote of want of con* fidosea in the Ministry. It appears to me that those who support tins motion are quite prepared to risk the waorifirp of the principle in older to get the Ministerial seatB. There are many members of the Hone prepared to vote strong on the Sducation Question if the issue is put direct to them, but they are forbid doing so by tie reason that their support would jeopardise the Government. It is Bough to be shown that members who do not vote for this motion will be inconsistent, but as I said before charges of inconsistency do no good, and members have a perfect right to Bay tbey do not approve of the manner in which the question has been brought forward. It appears to me that when certain members were elected wifii pledgee on this question the hon. member for Albany made himseU a leader and ha* adopted what I think is a irick in order to make otiter members appear in a false position. If the hon. member had proposed a mtmijmthj resolution on the Education Question alone, I believe he would have bad a fair prospect of it being rarried. It if not my place to say whether it would have been carried. As it is no one am possibly say that if a vote is taken on the proposal of the hon. ?»«»' for Albany, and t is a vote taken on fiie Education Question, 'ihere may be some who do not eare twopence u!-out the Education Question who would voj' Li, put the Govemmentout onany pretext, and \- n the other hand many thwhiIwib thoroughly ^:iunch on the Education Question would not ^.sist to put the Government out upon it. i he motion does sot get to tbe zeal aaue, if these was. reaOyonry an-honest denre-on-fbe part of the hon. members opposite to test the feeling of file Souse on the Education. Question they would' have brought tftesubject forward in a ?pnrydilTmmlLiiimrwTT.i Mb. Lusam-aanBsfJgtaiy^& Ministry fe»g been defeated onaean jmpuriant questions. Tax COMMIBSIO5EB OP CEOWN LAUDS {Son. A- B. Bjcbarfson) t Possibly member has done here is to make it a question not of the Education Act, but whether the Government siotiid be kept in or turned out. To many members there are hundred of questions that appear to *J»«»r»i to be of more burning interest than that of education. Wo must admit tho con viction that the present system of education is absolutely and truly obnoxious. If anyone would be suffering under persecution, or under great disabilities, or if feelings were trampled on, or if religious convictions were interfered with, % would be quite a different matter; but it is not such a burning question that should be settled or upon whieh the Government shouid go out. Here the boot is on the other leg. If anyone is likely to suffer it is the minority. I do not think that in the whole history of poUtics there can be found a case where a largo majority allowed themselves to be persecuted. In this' matter the rights and interests of the minority have ti- t»i protected, and when the Government kike the matter up, as I believe they will very shortly, I trust there vridl be a careful, just, and honorable regard for the interests of the minority, and such step« takes that no one can suffer in the way of persecution. I would like to impress this on honorable members, that whenever the ques tion is settled we warn, that settlement on such a basis that it will not always be rising up to meet us. We do not want the whole ciaoior and agitation continually arising', nor do we want any section to be in a position to come forward and say they have been harshly dealt with. Let us deal fairly and even generously with those who may be affected with the hope that their good sense will bring about a state of good feeling that will last for ever. After the question has again quietened down Ice it rest. When we proceed to sefct'e this question there is no reason why it should not be pro ceeded with on a perfectly amicable and friendly way, but let it be on Euch a basis that there will be chanae of raising the ghost of the Education Question, or the slightest pos sibility of any persecution towards any wiio might be affected. Me. GEORGE : Mr. Speaker, if the Forrest Government will only look upon this debate to-night in the right way I think they will find they have every reason to congratulate themselves and the country thay represent upon what has taken place. If for one tiling more than another it would be because it has given this House an opportunity of letting it go forth to the country that the Education Question is about to be settled — in fact, that it is already practically settled — and that the basis of settlement is to be the fair, equitable and generous treatment of all who have any terest in the subject. What I was very sorry to see this evening that the Premier cannot ap proach a question of this sort, without regard ing a resolution as a personal attack against tiimaoif. The diatribe directed against the mover of this resolution was unnecessary. It had little bearing on the question of education, and on a great and important subject such as this is, it ought to have been beneath his dignity to have spoken in such a foolish, and I may say sQly way. If there is one thing more thananother veryplain to my mind it is that the Premier is himself responsible for this question being brought up to-night, and that was by the way he replied to the hon. member for Nannine's question earlier in tbe session. That hon. member, Sir, merely asked the Government if it would bring in a Bill to amend the Education Act by abolishing the present dual system and establishing a national system, free, secular and compulsory. What did the Premier say in reply to the hon. member ? Tfig reply was ;like many of those replies I get 'from the Director ot Public Works. The Hon. the Premier fenced with tie question, and that is why it has had to be brought before this House to-night with such happy result*. If the Premier bad frankly informed the House that it waa the intention of the Government to deal with the question, whether it would be in this session or the next session, or any definite time at all^then, Sir, we would have had no necessity whatever for the motion of the hon. member for Albany, and the '-question would not have been raised to- night. The Pbekisb : Question. Mb. GEORGE: I have stated my opinion' and I have very good grounds for what I say. If the Premier had given the proper reply to the hon. 'member for Nannine, we would not have had the question raised now. ThePekmieb: You go too quick for us. Mb. GEORGE = Very possibly, for the reason that I come from a country where the fight on this question has been raging for years. I have fought the question myself for a great portion of my life, and twenty-five years ago we beat the Bible Aid people on this very question. The Pkehxbb: Oh, that was in England. That is not here. Mb. GEORGE: I have only mentioned it to show that the question is one I know some thing about. However, we are now -J«Jin» with. Western Australia and with, the people of Western Australia and their children. I, for one, do not intend to give a silent vote on this subject. I sincerely hope no member of this House will do so either. If we have any views at alL let us be men and let us declare them. Do notlet us be afraid to let the people of the country know what the opinions of the hon. members are on this subject. Don't let us have any beating about the bush. If we pretend to be men, let us be manly and not afraid to say what wefhink. One of tie leading writers, and one of the- greatest authorities on questions of political economy, has well said that the latter portion of a wise man's life is spent in cor recting the false impressions created in the earlier portions of his life. While I regard this trtrM?p'moTit wf '? i^°fa™jnt ffp IjiiUi t fan to-see anything inoonsistBnt in. the action of the hon. member for Albany. Thefactthathe had been years debating this subject to himself before he made up hs? mind, and that now he had settled the question to- his own satisfaction, and meant to act upon, shows most conclusively that he belongs to the party of progress. The Premier, on the other band, has not been progressive on this i question but has retrograded. The Premier ! bTmwiM have shown the same progressive jspirifrfiiLthis question that we have admired VknforinoSters. If tins agitation has done ff.iUiing lnaa -Hhtti thai-, n-. has brought the Go vernment- to'seetha£ the question of the Edu cation Actamst be settled— and settled too on an equitable basis — much good will have been done. It is one of the best steps we have taken ?* towards recuring a National System of Ednca- , tion so that the children of this country trill not grow np ignorant or like little savages, scd a National System of Education must be free, compulsory and secular. Free, Sir, because in a country like this poverty should be no bar to a. child receiving a proper education to fit him as a future citizen ; compulsory because it shouid not be in the power of parents to debar any of their children ? from receiving the benefits of a good education for the sake of their being able to earn s. mere pittance if lrepi s.«vay from school ; and secular, because you can hardly find two persons vho think exactly alike on religious questions. The Question of religion should never interfere -with the education of oar children. There has been some reference during this debate to the two last elections that Lave taken place. One of these returned my friend, the hon. member for North Fremantle, acd the other resulted in the return oi myself. I can therefore speak fuliy as to the feeling of the people on tho Educa tion Question, and I do hope that this question will be settled before another election takes place. I say this, Sir, because the great historic Church fights tooth and nail for a cont.inua.ijee of the present system. I say, Sir, and I say it advisedly, for there is plenty of evidence to support me, that the representa tives of that great historic Church do not c&re; one, but what may be tbe merits of any man who might come forw&rd; if he will only pledge hiiuseif to support a continuance of this dual system of education. If for no reason more than this one, I hope this Assembly -will let its voice go forth liiat it intends to settle tihis question and to for ever heal what rankles at every election now, like a festering sore. There can be nothing what ever in the arguments that a. National System of Education will in any way interfere with the religion of any of the children who go to the schools. I have yet to learn that it is impossible to give a chUd an ordmaiy school education without interfering with his or 5mt religious faith. That even the great church to which I have alluded do not think t'ne system is impossible is to be fGnsd in the way in which they con duct their own ecfaxHs. Members will find that none cf thc-H: - schools have been built outside of tbe centres oi population. Look at the Jarratidale school for in stance. That is a school with about 90 scholars, and they are of ail denominations, and the Boman Catholics do cot seem to think there is anything- antagonistic to the religion in letting the children receive their education together. If there is no interference with religion in tfce country, why should any be feared in the centres of population? I say there should be no separate system of edu cating our children because of the question of religion. A man's religious faith is bis own private affair, and something that should not be interfered with. For my own part, I do not care what a man's religion is, so long as he is fair and square in his dealings, and an honest man. I do not ask a man what his religion is. nor do I care. When we are twitted with try ing to raise any vexed question of religion, the arguments for such a contention arc found to be absolutely untenable. I do not intend to say much more on this subject. Any scheme for the settlement of this question will obtain support from me so long as it is a scheme based upon eqnitablo conditions for dealing with those who are interested in the system now in force. I would not even see the present system interfered with unless the change to be brought about could be secured justly and equitably. In a time like the pre sent, when we are, as a colony, in the full stream of prosperity, is tbe fitting opportunity to deal with this question. The Hon. the Pre mier will shortly be delivering his Budget Speech, aud I hope to see a portion of the sur plus he will announce devotsd to the doing away of the old system of education. It has been said to-night that it is only recently that there has been any great agitation on this sub ject. Of course it is, and tbe reason is very plain. During the last few years our popula tion has very largely increased, and I might almost say that the native popula tion have been overwhelmed by the influx of people from the other colonies. These people who come here from the other colonies, agitate on this question for the reason that they have seen the benefits of a National System of Education in the countries where they have been living. We want people with families to remain here, but we cannot expect that if people are not able to have their children educated totally free fromthe question of religion. Now, Sir, I think the Premier will be doing a very graceful act, indeed, and he will consolidate the confidence felt in him by mem ben even on this side of the House, if he will take up this question without delay. I, for one, would be glad to see it, and glad to after wards support the Premier to carry out the great schemes for the continued advancement of this country we know he has in view. I say Sir, that it would be a matter of great satisfac^ tion, after what has been said here, if the Pre mier would definitely declare when and how he intended dealing with this question. Ms, LEFEOY: I think Sir, that this question of Assisted Schools and our present system of education has been thoroughly threshed out in tins House and through the country on previous occasions. It is almost unnecessary for me to say anything at the present moment wifli regard to the motion that has been tabled by the hon. member for Albany. I think, Sir, that the motion is un necessary, toe tbe reason that in the reply given by the Premier to the question put by the hon. memhw for Nanrrine there was ample to indicate that the Government linrl tiw» yrtftLijJt* under consideration and intended to dealwrthitw It ia true tite Premier thensaid that tite Government did not intend to deal with the matter at that time. It appears to me that the words ' at present' indicated that there must have been some intention on the part of the Premierto suggest that he did intend to deal wflh. the subject later on. The hon. member for Albany, in bringing forward this motion, appears to me to be simply en deavoring to strike a blow at the dual system of education. He never referred to the ques tion as to whether the system should be either free or compulsory, but harped continually on this dual system — that is the question of As sisted Schools against National Schools. Well, now, the hon. member for Albany asks other hon. members to be consistent on this matter. I could say some things about the consistency of some people, but I do not care to be harsh in . reference to an honorable member who sits very close to me in this House. So far as I am concerned I propose to be distinctly consistent. I came into this House elected unopposed and with the confidence of those who elected me. I gave it as my opinion that we should not attempt to deal any blow at the dual system of education. I shall be consistent therefore in refusing to lend my assistance in ^pnlirtg a blow at that EVBtem as is proposed in the motion of the hen. member. I consider myself, as I said before, that the question cf the hon. member for Kannine, and the reply that was given to tbe question by the Premier is entirelysatisfactory, not only to this House, but also to the people who are interested in the question. That this is the case, I believe the hon. member for Albany -wiil easily ascertain when tho division takes place on his motion. This will be the proof that the reply of the Premier i3 satisfac tory to members of this House — cr, at least, to the majority of the members. Kow, the hon. member for Nannine hae told us that the settlement of this question is wanted by three fourths of the people of this colony. He says that three-fourths of the people are in favor of doing away with the dnal system of education. He based that belief solely on a calculation of the numerical strength of the religious denomi nations. Mb. ixLiKQwoaxK -. I did not. Me. LEFKOY : He seems to be desiions of pitting the strength of one denomination against the other, for the simple reason that it is well known that the numerical strength of the Bonian Catholics is only about one fourth of the total population. Ms. Ii-iiNGwoETBt I was not using any calculation based in that way at alL [ was taking my calculations from tbe new arrivals in the colony. Ma. LEF£OY: I am not prepared in this way to dtiit a blow at a church, for which I, at any rote, have the greatest respect. Mb. ItLiN'swoBrii : Neither am L Ms. LEFiiOY: I say, Sir, that no matter to what religious denomination one may belong, one can at least admire that church or having one of the most wonderful organisations the world over, end I think that for that reason, if the church is not so powerful in nuinbors as other denomina tions in this country, we should treat it with respect, and that we should regard and respect the feelings of all those who may be opposed to ua in their religious creed. I would aisu liku to express my opinion that it has not altogether been due to the Education Question that certain members have recently been returned to this House, but that the reason is hugely to be found in religions grounds. It ought not to be so, bat in recent elections a man's religion has been an impor tant factor in returning him. Mb. Connor : Yes, that it is. Mb. LEFBOY: There is, unfortunately, grounds for believing that the feeling I refer to bas arisen throughout the country, and hon. members can judge for themselves why this feeling has arisen. I think it is a most dread ful thing to do, or assist in doing, anything that will bring a country like this into religious strife, and I am glad that the Government feel with me on this question. The Government have said that it is not prepared to deal with the question at the present time, and they have given reasons. With those reasons I am perfectly well satisfied. These Assisted Schools have been created by Statute, and we must have the respect for them and for the law that brought them into existence. As I said before, I came into this House pledged not to deal any blow at the present system of education, and therefore I certainly cannot vote for the motion of tbe hon. member for Albany. He has told us to be consis tent, and I am going to be consistent. Not only is the hon. member trying to deal a blow at the dual system of education, but he is tak ing an action which may possibly have the effect of arousing unrest and disquiet through out the country. I came into this House and toot my seat on this side of it. I held certain views when I came here, and I have consis tentiysupportedthose views. When theseviews hive agreed with the proposals of the Govern ment I have supported them, and when other wise, I have voted against the Government. Mb. liEAEE : Generally in favor of the Gov ernment, though. Mb,I-EFBO¥: I do not think it is in accord with common sense that, because I have taken my seat on this side of the House, lean be twitted with doing something I have no right to do in this House when I exercise my own opinion on any question that comes before it. There is no necessity whatever for considering the question of National Schools now. The time has not arrived for a change. I can only say, farther, Sir, that I came into this House with the thorough confidence of the people I represent, and although I may not have the eloquence or the silvery tongue of the hon. member for Albany, I don't believe that hon gentleman, with all his eloquence and legal learning, were to meet meon the hustings in my own electorate, he would be further privi leged to be in this House. The ATTOBKEY- GENEBAL (Hon. S. Bnrt) : Ido not intend to occupy the time of the House by making any remarks with a view of endeavoring to establish the consistency cf the hon. member for Albany in the action he is now taking. I shall endeavor merely to bring \- the debate to a focus, and to explain to the House tbe exact position of the Government a little more clearly, and, perhaps, a little more in detail than would be gathered from the statement of the Premier. I propose to tell the House what it is exactly the Government propose to do on Hob question, I must say in passing, however, that it seems to me that €he hon. member £-r Albany has really placed himself, to some extent, in. m. false position. Having found that certain members of this House were returned pledged to certain, views on the Education Question, he assumed a lead of those who agree with him on this question. I would point out to the House, to the hon. member himself, and to those members he is endeavoring to lead, that these gentlemen were returned pledged on quite a different point to the one the hon. member for Albany was returned upon. They were pledged to abolish the dual system, and the hon. member was pledged to leave it alone. The Hon. the Premier has, to my mind, completely torpedoed the position taken up by the hon. member for Albany, who is now acting so inconsistent, irit h his pledge to leave the dual system alone. Mb. Lxzsx: There was no pledge. The ATTOBNEY-GESLilAI. (Hon. S. Burt): The statement the Premier made to his constituent* at Sunbury was the policy of the Government on the Education Question. The Hon. the Premier than Eaid he deprecated religious questions being raised in this country, and that until the Education Qnestion couid be regarded as a vexed one, his advice to the people would be to leave the present system alone. The Government have abided by that, and we would have continued to abide by that had not otberpeople vrho were interested in these Assisted Schools raised thequeation themselves. The question has been further raised by the discussion in the House this evening, and it vcillconsequontlybe still further raised through out the country. Whether the question will remain at this point, and whether it will be possible for the Government to abide by their determination to leave tbe matter alone, trill depend very largely upon the people who are immediately concerned ?stith the question. When the people who are interested in these Assisted Schools desire to approach the Government and ask that the question might be settled at once, and that it should not be left alone, :.nd v.-hen we find, as we do now for the first time within my recollection, that hon. members on the other side of the House will be in accord with the Government, then the question becomes one that demands the most serious attention of the Ministry. When we find hon. members on the opposite side of the House agreeing with tjie Govern ment that the question requires to be approached in a most careful waty, and that with the utmost consideration they should deal liberally and generously with the interests and legal rights created under the present system, then I say the Government would be wrong in holding back any longer, or in neglecting to give our assistance with a view of settling this question at the present time. I say then, if we find both parties njgtrfti^ the Government to deal -with the question, I should like to know why it becomes the duty of the Government to abide by what was said en its behalf in the first instance, when there was no agitation on the question. The Government, when approached by both sides, will have no right to refuse its assistance towards arriving at an amicable conclusion of this question. It would be distinctly wrong to hold back when both sides came to the Government and asked it to deal with the question. If the House did not desire the present Gov ernment to deal with the question it could carry a resolution which would put some other Government in. The Premier has not said that he is in favor of the continuance of the dual system. AH that he said was that the best thing for the people to do, at the time he was speaking, was to leave the matter alone. When the question is raised by both parties, why should the Government hesitate to lend its assist ance? It would be our duty to do all we could to meet the wishes of those who are concerned. We would not be acting in a proper spirit if we did not do so. The in tentions of the Government have undergone a change, for the simple reason that the feelings of the people seemed to have done the same thing. However, if both sides are now desir ous that the question should be settled and that the Government should act as arbitrators, why should we not consent to do so ? Some of the hon. members opposite were quite ready to leave the question alone themselves until this recent agitation. The hon. members for Nan nine, for Perth, for Geraldton, and for the Mur ray, to their honor be it said, have expressed themselves as being quite ready to deal with the question in an equitable, generous and honorable way with regard to the vested rights that have come into existence under the present law. I say to their honor be it said that they are in this frame of mind. Mb. Simpson : We were never in any other. Tbe ATTOBNSY-GENEBAIi (Hon. S.Burt): That is something quite new. It is possible that in the past the Government have not gone far enough to draw a definite expression of opinion from them. At any rate, I am very glad to know that they are prepared to approach this question of vested rights in an honorable and equitable manner. There really is no difference of opinion between hon. mem bers and the Government on this matter. Mb. George-. You have only just expressed your opinion. The ATTOENBY- GENERAL (Hon. S. Burt): If hon. members express a desire to deal with the question in an honorable and generous way in every way that it affects those who have vested rights in the Assisted Schools, then their desire is the same as that of the Government, and in accord with the terms under which such a subject should be dealt with by this House. Let us deal with it part by part, and dispose of this first; for it is the larger part of the answer. It is six lines out of seven, and it is something to have established, that six lines out of seven are satisfactory. So far &s; those six lines are concerned then, we are not at issue. Even the hon. member for Albany says that those six lines are satisf ectory. The rest of the answer is simply this: ** theGovernment do not propose to deal with the question at pre sent.' I suppose the hon. member for Nannine will say that is what he was alluding to. What was the question asked? It was, whether the Government intended to bring in a Bill to amend the Education Act, and abolish the pre sent dual system, and establish a system free secular, and compulsory. We have heard very little to-night about the free, secular, and compulsory, and very little about any system to be established, jf we abolish the dual system. TheGovernment have not, as yet, thoroughly considered how far any new system to be intro duced shall be other free, secular, or com pulsory. I do not know that on these points the country has pronounced any decided opinion. I am not prepared: to say tiiexewould^ be bo difference of opinion upon these points At tins moment I cannot give sny . absolute pledge on behalf of the Government as to tie system that will be set tut. At the same time, I do not wish to suggest that itwillbeoix-sny other than free, secular, sod compulsory prin^. ciplesthat the HouBewillbe asked to* pass a/ BilL With regard to dealing wi&fhe; matter at the present time, we were not asked to bring in a Bill tins session. All we said was, we did not propose to deal with it at present* The hon. member for Perth was correct when he said that, reading between the line%Jie concluded the Government were considering* the question, and desired to deal with it. If other side — and I hope this debate will lead to that — I say, if we are approached by the other side, then our course and duty in this matter is clear ; acd we should attempt to deal with it at no distant date. On behalf of tho Govern ment I ask the House to leave the matter to us, and ire will undertake to deal T?ith it. assuming that we are approached from the other side and by the other party, we will endeavor to deal ?with it this session. Then there is another point, for it becomes then a question of com pensatioo. How can that question best bo dealt with ? It is a big question, and tho Government have been considering it, and had got a longr way with it before the question was raised here ihi3 session. It is a question that bristles niih difficulties. At first our thought was to appoint a joint committee of both Houses to fix tho compensation at that which is just and equitable and honorable, in view of tUcse vested lights that have grown up. I hope I hare made clear what the Government propose to do ; assuming, of course , that the parties who are pledged to leave the matter alone ask us not to leave it alone. This is an opportune time, as some hon. members re m arked, and if we are asked by the other party ; it is our intention to do something this session. Probably wa shall ask the House to appoint a General Committee to deal particularly with the question of compensation. I do not wifii to loavo the question in any doubt with regard to the agreement existing with those who are interested in the Assisted Schools. We have every reason to believe, and know, they will fall in with this arrangement, particularly after what has taken place to- night and the views expressed fr£m the benches opposite ; we believe that those who are interested in the Assisted Schools will not hang back, but will join hands aud ask ue to settle this matter upon these principles. Me. THEOSSELL : I think the hon. mem ber for Albany is to be congratulated, upon bringing this matter before the House as be did. He is, I fear, like a soldier leading a for lorn hope. Whatever the future may have to present, it would appear the motion to-night will be defeated. There is no good denying the fact, there is a general feeling in the country, that a change will have to be made sooner or later. When it shall be made is a matter to be considered hereafter. I venture to think the Government will make no mistake in the matter, but will exhibit true statesmanship, if they kill agitation by anticipating it. The question will have to be dealt with, upon fair and liberal lines, and no hon. member of this House will accept any other settlement, except with due regard to the vested interests of those most concerned. It is not a question as to whether the present system has done good work or not ; but it is a question as to whether tbe country is growing weary of it. That is my view of the matter. I think the country is tired of it What will be the position hereafter if this is put to the country? I think those who are most interested in this question will have occasion to curse these would-be friends, if the inatter is not settled now. The proper way to deal with it is, I think, for the Government to face the matter, and agree to give fair compensa tion to those concerned. No other method would be so acceptable to the country, or to the majority of the members of this House. I believe I am voicing the opinion of a majority of the members of this House when I say tho present system must go. The history of the other colonies tells us that, and I should regret if it had to be fought out here at the sword's point. We know that the Assisted School system has done good and noble work, at the time when the Government School system was at a very low ebb. Some of our best men have received their education at these schools; and I consider if they must be wiped out, it should be on fair and liberal terms. Me.LEAKE: Had the Government thought fit to put up the Hon. the Attorney-General earlier in this debate ; or had the Government thought fit to give expression to those opinions which the Attorney-General bas uttered to-night — and I think the thanks of this House are due to that hon. gentleman — this question might have come to a speedy and an amicable settle ment, lam glad to think that this motion which I have proposed has not prejudiced the settlement of this important matter. The Attorney-General, again, I say, is to be congratulated upon his observations, and temper, and the considerate way in which he has dealt with those hon. members, who have thought fit to support me in this reso lution. I am very pleased to think he has acted as he has done ; and had the Hon. the Premier adopted the same course, instead of indulging in that trade of criticism — I won't say abuse — of tho unfortunate member for Albany, it would have been infinitely better received on this side of the House. I am sure we are pleased with the Hon. the Attorney-General's assurance, and I accord ingly rose as quickly as I did to ask the House for permission to withdraw my reso lution. The Hon. the Attorney-General has told us that, as soon as it appears to be the wish of hon. members on both sides of the - House that this question should be settled, the Government axe prepared not only to settle it, but to approach its considera tion this session, with a view to a settle ment. I hope I do not misquote the Hon. the Attorney-General when I say this ques tion will be settled this session. I am glad to hear it. I would merely explain, with regard to the wording of the answer to the question cf the hon. member for Nannine, that if the Government had been a little more definite in their reply there would not have been any necessity to resort to what some hon. mem bers may call extreme measures. I am per sonally satisfied that this question will now be settled; and in saying that, I know Iain only echoing' tite views of hon. members on this side of the House. I therefore beg that the House will permit me to withdraw this contentious motion. Motion, by leave, withdrawn. MESSAGE TBOM HIS EXCELLENCY TBE ADMINISTRATOR. ASSENT TO BILL. The following message was delivered to and read by Mr. Speaker:— A-CONSEOW, Administrator. The Administrator has the honor to inform Hhe Legislative Assembly that he has this day assented, in Her Majesty's name, to the under* mentioned. Bill s— 'An Act to apply out of the Consolidated Be'renne Fund the sum of .£200,000 to the ser vice of tiwyear ending 30th June, 1896.' Government House, Perth, 24th July, 1895. ADJOURNMENT. At X0&5 pjn. the House adjourned until AW*^u,onThnrsday,Ju4y2SUi^ 