THE N OVELIST: [CooPnionT.] TALTUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen. tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, BY IVAN DEXTErt. .----*--- CHAPTER XXVII.-(CON' INu6F:n.) "'For a long time all that could be done was, to make thel place secCle from attack, or at leastto strengthen itl as much as possible, ani this woik was carried out with skill bI Jonill and his wifec who gave him "ood counsel. arly all the cntrancei were blocked nianm er and i c a l t e r e d I o s t icci t %iwiho kneiv thei not so tratIel Iay in or out. S , r c? ?Sid in tihelake, the' men did this work, and. occa sionally a short raid wat;inade outside to get sonme animal food, for in those days our ancestors eat meint. " 'When it was found that the sav ages, who had so long oppressed and destroyed our race, were afraid to enter caverns, it became no longer doubtful as to what should be done. Outside enemies swarmed, for they were enraged at the escape of their prey, and they wereso dangerous that at last it was no longer safe to venture out at all. The band, however, by this time were be coming quite used to their new mode of life, and they had a variety of fish food. " 'In many places also where the sun streamed down cracks or crevices in the rocks a growth of vegetation had sprung up, and some of it was found eatable. These plants were carefully collected and cultivated until they formed a welcome addition to the food supply. You have seen some of them in the plantation. Bonin also in his Swanderings gathered many kinds of strange seeds, and these have been the means of perpetuatiig valuable medi cinal herbs and scrubs which have long since become extinct on the sur face. You have yourself experienced the efficacy of two or three of them used for wounds; but there are others for various sicknesses which you have not seen. "'As one generation succeeded an other this settlement was built up. The white passage, as it was called, through which Video found her.way out when she rescued lier husband from death was almost entirely composed of crys tals... As. time rolled on these were placed, as you see, to reflect light, and more than two hundred yeais were occupied in tlhe work. Beds of marble were found later on in a spot you have not yet seen, and this was also pressed into service. " 'Gradually even the streaks of sun light which canme through tle fissures were blocked in order to make the place more secret, and in the course of generations a race was developed that could not look upon the sun. The 'heated ground, where the plantation is, .was irrignied .and made capable of growing abundance, but great difficulty was experienced in getting suflicient 'light to it; but at last even that was ac complished. " ' We are now, as you sec, a peace ful and happy community, more con itented than any of our ancestors. As "Video saved the race we honor and re *spect women, as you must notice, The 'chief is both priest and leader. He nsarries by his simple word,,and what She says is the supreme law. For more lhan -a hundred years there has not beLq a single dispute, and the people are so.lhcalthy that there are a number of metn and women here.-who are more than a ccn.tuiry old. "'The ýlescendants of cannibals, Swho nearly destroyed our, race,, are Sthose wretched' blacks who now rn in Sterror from our people. By that you Swill see thatvlivinIgnderground hI not Sdegenerated' but ratlicrt7mipro ....,., :-whijlst the 'surfaco racemust have one back a great deal.' '"' " Have you no religioln'? I ask d, as the old man concluded, "Do y, u not worship a great Being? ,.. " We love one anothei in life, and as we would do for, ouiselves so each of -us would do for the other. Suirely there * can be no greater religion oni earth than ' :that. Whermivwc 'wake from our long r.sleep we believe there is another, and e; ven a better, life awniting Fis; but we ndo not in this life pretend'to say or :'rdencribe what it may be, lie answered, : simply.' S CHAPTER XXVIII, f l ' TE .WRITING ON;TEIl WAllt,!., . :: ."I must gain exlilain," said O'Mat ley to his nutditors, " that owing to the strange language used by'0enorb, and ithe fact that at least half the expres . 'sions he used have absolutely sno ,equivalent in the Elnglish language, the Sshort sketch 1 have given you is neces sarily hazy and mutilatcd." " It appears from wlhat I can gather," . remarked Mills, ,' that these under ground people claim direct and tincon taminated descent fromn a quite pre historic race. If that hlie so they have 'brougiht down a nprc-historic language, nnd no niodern one coutl hlope to furnish equivalents for the greater lpr Ition of it. Tle fact that they appeared 'to be in continual waifare with other .sutrounding races would also point them out as a conservative people not ilikely to Ibe influenced hy other sources save their own traditions." S"That is quile so. From what I can gather the original aniicestors lived somewhere along the 1 litnalayann Moun tains, probably near tihe western boun glary of modern Inrtnah. After loing age! of residence tlher Scythians or Tartar hordes may have pressed down on them and compelled an evacuation of their ancient birth-place. This must have been in far pre-Christian days, for the old chief talks of the exodus coming down to a place about or under the equator, and he infers that at the time Australia and Asia were connected. "There is no doubt they were at one time; I.ut it must have been at an cx traordinarly renote period, unless the severance is due to a great convulsion of nature. The traditions imply that the latter cause did result. "The sea running over the laid and engulfing the bulk of the race which the 'chief witnessed from the hill, apparently took phtcc on the northern shores of Australia. No lnention was mad" by Ocnorb of boats used in ctussing; but there I should think tradition is at fault, as how did the curiously sliaped canoes and boats come on tlh underground lake. They appear to avebeen iliita tions of proas, or, at least, small craft used by sonic of the P'acific islan ders." % "I doni't' think tllat would aTfect-the case. nmuch," Mills argued. "Some races must be crcal e and not initiative. Besides, if Ocnorbs people crossed or catme to this continent, as le says, there would s-carcely be such peoples as South Sea islanders. lHe says that Video found the caverns thirty lives ago. Taking a life to mean a genera tion or thirty years, that would mean nine hundred years ago or about the tenth century of the Christian era. He also says that it was long ages previous to this that the first chief brought his people to the south land, so that he must claim an enormous antiquity." " "Would their complexions and habits not show that these people have been living in caves for hundreds of years ?" asked Strangway. " I don't think s6,' replied the squat ter, thoughtfully. " You lave told us that when you first saw O'Malley he was as pale as a ghost, and yet he had only been underground for ten years." " But his eyes were not pink or'red," objected Strangway. "That, of course, would go to sup port your argument to some extent, Unless originally a race of Albinos it would take some few generations to change the color of the eyes in that fashion," returned Mills. "P'erhaps they were.originally a race of Albinos," suggested Stanley. "That is most improbable. No such freak as a race of Albinos was ever yet known. A few instances frequently occur amongst all peoples, black as well as white, but by intermarriage with normal people the peculiarity is not handed down. I daresay it might be in the course of centuries possible to pro duce quite a race of Albinos by com pelling them to marry only amongst themselves, but scientists even doubt that," the squatter answered, " If these people were originally a race of Albinos they would to some ex tent be a marked body and liable to the incessant attacks spoken of," suggested Stranigway. "But Ocnorb distinctly said they were, if not black, at least, brown coloured," resumed O'Malley, " I an quite convinced they are the descen dants of sonme Asiatic race who in past times were compelled to seek refuge fron their enemies in caves which they made so stiong- or bewildering that their foes could not follow ithem. You must rememnber also that the work 1 saw done in these strange galleries, grottos and huge chambers to my mind clearly shows that it required successive gene rations to execute it. I am convinced that with the small band in the begin ning and the rude tools at their com mand hundreds of years were so occu pied. "Again Oenorb has traditions of the maniinoth and the huge aninials which once roamed Australia, and the few words lie says on tlhe latter are fairly correct. -He mentions that some were of huge bulk, but they were easily killed by the warriors. This would be true of the giant sloth, and to some degree of the other extinct animals. None of them, it is asserted, had the ferocity or strength of the present lion or, tiger, thougl there were, judging from' the fossil remains discovered, a species of lion and tiger on this continent. "Tl?ll , too,"rtiespelakst.ho.ctran rock drawings sometiim'e foiund on the northern coasts of Australia. What pre-historic race drew these uncouth and monstrous sketches ? It must have been men ccevil with the animals they depicted and'assuredly not the present aboriginals, , ., , "According to Oenorb his peolple did not get south of the continent-in deed not lower than tlihe centre-and'no such drawings have been found on tile southern coasts' or in tlhe caverns. I firmly believe that in these subterranean' dwellers I saw; the descendants of that pre-historic race, whose monumernts are sometimes found in the Indian Archi pelago," concluded O'Mhalley. After a pause hlie ent on :. I" I mentioned to you that wvhilst in the caverns I made a gruesome dis. covery, and I will now narrate it. " After I had been seven years in the place I abandoned all hope of ever getting back to the sunlight, Years before Oenorli and Anscratold me that if dver they saw any of my own race in the vicinity they would lead me to them, I well knew that it would be simply niadness for me to attempt a journey to wlite settlements of my own people from the place I was. " Half blind, as I was, runarimed and ghastly looking, without food or means of travelling, I would cither have fallen a victim to the first blacks who saw me, or imy bones would bleach in tihe desert through hunger or thirst. I knew that I was not more than a dozen miles from the spot where I hlad Ibeen taken froml Stuart's camp, and could, lhbergfor, locate imy position. Mly only hole of escape was to be handed over to tlie care of men like you, who woultid succor and lead me out of tile wildelrness, or, at least, aid me utttil my hellplessness lhad disappeared." "I was nearly slhootin!g you when I first caught sight of you amongst the horses," laughed Strangway. " I daresay I looked an extraordinary creature enough, so that you can see how wise it was not to turn me adrift alone. At the end of six or seven years I had practically given up hopes of rescue, as I have said, for what white men would come into that out-of-the-way region? Anscra noticed my'resigna tion, and therefrom more liberty was allowed me. Previous to this period I could not go beyond the town, except to the lake, unless a companion was with le; but soon I was allowed full freedom, and, consequently, made some discoveries; "One morning I left my tent or screen very early and was attracted by the sight of the last body of scavengers, as I may call them, going towards the torrent I mrntioned into which the re fuse was lung. I thought I would fill in the time by accompanying them and) see tile operation. e "'When got to the wall, rouid which the sewer-stream ran, I stood for a few minutes watching the men shot thIuhbl down 'As Ltrnredn aiy my'yes clulght'sight of a small darleC cess in the rock to my left, and gong to it I peered in.. It was much-darcr than any other: portionnof the under ground sctilemeilt I had"yet seen, bul objects coul(h be, failitly distinguished. 1 climbed into the darksome place and could immediately detect that the pas sage was seldom or never used. " Going along it for about three hun dred yards it suddenly inclined up wards at a pretty sharp grade, but I could now see better and kept on. At last I came to a spot where a rugged rock barred the way, but at the summit I noticed that there was nore light and it was plain that the underground gallery continued at a higher level. With a great effort I scalled the rock and then found I was in one of these oval caverns so numerous in that queer region. "It was not so large as most of the others, and'though not so gloomy as the passage I had just traversed it was .darker than usual. The most remark able thing about it was the number of passages radiating from it. I counted no fewer than eleven, and theywere fantastically arranged. In places two openings appeared side by side like the tubes of a double-barrelled gun, whilst again the dual openings might be in vertical fashion-one above the other. Some of them were large whilst others had a diameter only sufficient to allow a man to crawl on Iris hands and knees. . i " I was almost on the point of turn ing back when the desire for novelty possessed me and I decided to continue my explorations. You can easily under stand that to'a man like myself, used to an active travelling life, the samenetss of the undergrotind existence became distasteful to me after a time. " For years.I had thought that, with one exception, no part of the subter ranean settlement 'was concealed from me, and now, perhaps, I had discovered the place I wanted. Selecting one of the largest galleries, or rather passages, I boldly entered it and found that it almost immediately turned off with a shrirp curve. This puzzled me, for I thought it must cross or interfere withll some of the other passages which tranched off so numerously'fromi the cavern. After going fiftyyards I found that this was so, for two other tunnels entered the one which I went, " Further on more passages were enl countered, and soon they all focussed into a smaller cavern. This was an ex ceedingly prelty grotto-one of tlhe prettiest 1 have ever seen, It was dia mond-shaped and quite light. This was caused by a gleam of sunlight which came from a small fissure in the roof. Either this crevice had been overlooked by the ufiderground dwellers when they excluded the sunlight, or the place had not been visited for a long time and the erosion of time had caused it, " At first I concluded that I must be near the summit of the range, but as I reflected that it could not be long after sunrise I saw tlhat tile crevice must come from the eastern side of the hill, pro bably from a precipice or tlle sunbeams would not strike it. It was thie Orst time in seyen years that I had a glimpse of the sun, and, throwing nmyslf on the floor of the cave, I looked at the danc igBeama'-atleanta hou4rj 0r Occh. siooilly-'saw' a flyjing, isct eci?oi' and flutter for a moment Iktea' speck of gold in the light... , ." I gave'myself up to memories of the outside world as I lay there, but gradually the.golden streak of light got ihinner and thinner , until finally it flickered out' and disappeared'as the iln'i rose towards the zenith. .It seemed. to rie as if.tlie happiness of my life de parted.with it:and the gloom that filled the chamber was an. index ' of' the shadow on my heart, "I mentally ,resolved that I would iomceto tle place every morning and watch the sunbeam, as it would be a ittle" solace to me. Then' the idea struck me that I might be ableh i'that unusedj portion of the settlement -to rind some outlet whence I could accus tom myself to the daylight, after ,which I could endeavor to make ny'way.back to white settlement for this I had now firtisly resolved to do. " ."Getting to my feet I again corm inelced to explore the iplace. Tlhe opening through which the light came pointed east, of course, and taking the passage that led that way I went on. It was a dismnal enough tunnel, and in mnore tlhan one place branched off in a Imost confusing manner. As I was goii)g by one of thie side galleries a ipeck of ligl)t arrested mry attention, it was a considerable distance away, hut eagerly I went towards it filled wjth! wvith a new lhope which I could not ex ress. Thlie passage was low and narrow hn places, so much so that I had to e:rcep on my hands and knees to get tiroughl. As I approaclhpd tlhe lightl issumced larger proplortiotns cl,td, after rassing tihe last contracted spotl, i' tunnel opened and became of conside ible dimensnsions, . T (lO sE? CONTINVEP,) P 