Kingswood Chace, 'Bah!' at length he cried, petulantly. ' There are no ghosts now but of our own creation. I am a fool.' The vision was gone, but a cloud of dust showed him the direction in which the cavol. cade had proceeded, and he hurried after it. Taking a shorter cut, he came up with it, and he perceived the stern-looking gentleman who accompanied Erle and the beautiful maiden, take the lead and ride out of the park towards Belgravia. Determined not to he baffl-d, Pharisee hailed a cab, and directed the driver to follow the party. The cabman had hard work to keep in sight at all, but he succeeded in reaching Eaton-square as the party alighted. Pharisee leaped out of his cab, and with swift step hurried up to the house they entered, where stood a man looking up at the mansion in an attitude of deep thought. ' Do you know who lives in that house ?' inquired Pharisee, in a sleek tone, though he was out of breath. The man grinned in his face, slowly passed his eyes down his figure to his boots, and then as slowly drew them up again to his hat. 'Do I know who lives in that house ?' be repeated. ' Suppose I do,' he added, after a moment's pause, 'there is nothing unlawful in that. *Unlawful,' echoed Pharisee, with a derisive laugh; 'of course not. I metely ask you a simple question; you can surely answer me, yes or no.' The man nodded his head. 'And the people who have just gone in ?' continued Pharisee. SI should think I did too,' returned the man. Pitarisee looked at him. He was a thin, old man, rather austere in his appearance Still there was an expression of shrewdness about his mouth. Pharisee could perceive that he was not a common individual, but he made the mistake to suppose him just cunning enough to be made an easy prey by one a little keener than himself. 'Pray,' said Pharisee, in an insinuating tone, 'what may you know about the gentle folks residing here. The man put his finger to his nose. SYou are anxious to know too much,' he responded, significantly. ' No,' returned Pharisee. 'I know some thing. 'Xou do-what?' inquired the old man, with a glance at him. 'The reply depends upon you,' answered Pharisee. 'I will tell you what I know if you tell me what you know.' The old man eyed him curiously. 'Give me a sign that you know something,' be said. 'I know the youth,' returned Pharisee. 'Prove it,' ejaculated his companion. 'Gower ! Lord Kingswood I' muttered Pharisee. 'Very good,' replied the old man. iHe looked about him, and then he said, in a whisper 'Can you tell me why that youth left Kingswood Hall ?' 'I can,' responded Pharisee. ' Murder ?' Pharisee started, and looked into the old man's eyes. 'No,not exactly that, but akin to it.' he returned, in an undertone. ' But the person Ie stabbed?' urged the old man. ' Lives,' rejoined Pharisee, ' lives to seek revenge,' ' Oho II see-we must compare notes, though this is not the place,' rejoined the old man. ' We must meet where we can confer in secret.' Musing for a moment, he took from his pocket acard, and writing an address inpencil, be said, as be handed.it to Pharisee ' Do you know that place ?' 'I do,' rejoined the valet. 'It is not an attractive locality-I don't know you-and-' 'Don't come,' returned the old man, promptly. ' I bave a secret Lord Kingswood would be glad to purchase. I will go to him first hand.' 'I am his valet,' said Pharisee, unguard edly. A-hl' ejaculated the old man,' the greater reason why you should meet me. It does not matter. Lord Kingswood is in some fright respecting this youth. I can set his mind at ease at once about it. I hold proofs which will convince him that be has nothing to fear. Without them he is very likely to be unhappy. With them be can snap his fingers at all threats. He is, I hear, liberal. I will wait on him now I have run my fox to earth.' ' No i' ejaculated Pharisee, hurriedly. ' He will not see you; if even you did contrive an interview, he would not listen to you for an instant.' Oh, but I have such strange facts to communicate,' continued the old man. ' He little dreams of the matter I can reveal to him, not alone respecting that youth, but about thtat pretty maiden. You may know something concerning him, but of her I am sure you know nothing. 'I do not,' replied Pharisee. No, nor does Lord Kingswood,' rejoined his old companion; ' but he will be glad, I can tell you.' 'I will come, exclaimed Pharisee. ' When?' isquired the old man. Pharisee mused. ' To-morrow night week Lord and Lady Kineswood dine at the Marquis of Chilling ham's,' be said. 'I will meet you at ten o'clock.' 'At ten o'clock,'repeated the old man. 'Be punctual, for I shall not await you after that hour.' 'I will be there, rely upon it,' responded Pbarisee. Without another word the old man hurried away and was soon out of sight. Pharisee watched him until he had dis appeared; then he returned to his cab, and ordered the man to drive him in the direction of Lord Klogswood's mansion in Grosvenor square. He was certainly somewhat startled at the adventure with the gaunt, old man. There could be no doubt that tbhis singular personage was acquainted with Lord Kingswood's secret. Wh, was be? How could he have obtained possession of the secret. Those were questions which Pbarisee could ot answer. He could only conjecture that, as secrets do coustantly leak out from unex pected sources, this stranger had accidentally become master of Lord Kingswood's, and evidently intended to turn it to advantage. Pharisee assured himself that the mart knew more of the history of Erie than he did; and, as he could not possibly have such a motlve as himself to reap the benefit of being master of the secret, he determined to obtain all the information he could, and then put, if necessary, poison in his drink. The man who commits small crimes with impunity will never hesitate a larger deed of guilt if he thinks it to his advantage. TO aE CONTINUED. Syay a Sydoey papcr: Five bayera of Susseo street made thousands of plOndo bIat week by otarnT1 butter in the ice-rtolms when it woas d and Cd per lb. It is now realsinig 14d por lb., and the diffther once, lota otoege, goe to the apeoulativo agento. If tho poeducero bad only "naos" euough ' to got in oat of tbe oet," tlhy would ate that tie profit went into theoir pookots instead of the middleen'o. Full a-oapertiun is w?htt they aocd. 