THE REMARKABLE CASE OF DAVIDSON'S EYES, Br H. G. Wells. . Tlio transitory mental aberration of Sidney Davidson, remarkablo onougb in itself, is still moro remarkable it Wade's explanation is to bo orcditede It sets one dreaming of the oddest possibilities of intercommunication in tho future, of ancndinc ail intercalary five minutes on the other side of the world, or being watchod in our most secret operations by unsuspected eyes. It happened that I was the immediate witness of Davidson's soizurc, and so it falls naturally to ms to put the story upon paper. When I a ay that I was tbe immediate wltnssa of his seizure, I mean that I was the first on the oenc. The thing happened at tbo Technical kQollegc in Gower- street. lie was alone in tho larger laboratory when the thing happened, Z was in the smaller room, where the balanoes are, writing up some notes. The tbundci storm bad completely upset my work, of oourae. It was just after one of the louder peals that I thought I heard some glass smash In the other room. I stopped writing, and turned round to listen. For araomont I heard nothing; the hall was playing the devil's tattoo on the oorrugated zino of the roof. Then came another sound, a smash —no doubt of it this time. Something heavy had boon knocked olf the bench. I jumped up at ouce and went and opined the door leadiug into tho big laboratory. 1 was surprised to hear a queer sort of laugh, and saw Dnvidsou standing unsteadily in the middle of the room, with a dazzled look on his face. My first impression was that he was drunk. He did not notioe me. Ho was clawing out at something invisible a yard in front of his face. He put out his hand, slowly, rathor hisitatingly, aud thon olutohed nothing. ''What's como to it?" ho said. He held up his bunds to his face, fingora spread out. "Great Scot!" he said. The thing happened three or four years ago, when evoryone swore by that persou&ge.; Then ho began raising his feet clumsily, as though he bad expected to'flnd them glued to the floor. "Davidson !" oried I. "What's the matter with you?" He turned round in my direotion and looked about for me. He looked over me and at me aud ou either sido of mo, without the slightest aign of soeing me. " Waves," he said ; " and a remarkably neat sohooner. I'd swear that was Bellowa'a voioo. Hullo / " - Ho shouted suddenly at the top of bis voice. I thought bo was up to some foolery. Then I saw littered about bis feet tho shattered ro mains of tbo best of our oleotrometers. "What's up, man ? " said I. " You havesniashed the eleo- tromotcr !" "Bellows again!" said he. "Friends left, if.my hands are gone. Something about elootro- meters. Whioh way are you, Bellows?" Ho suddenly oamo staggering towards me. " The damned stuff outs liko butter," he said. He walked straight into the benoh and recoiled. " None so buttery that i " he said, and stood swaying. I felt soared "Davidson," said I, "what on earth's como over you?" Hi looked round him in every direotion. "I could swear that was Bellows. Why don't you show, yourself like a roan, Bellows ?" It oocurred to mo that ho mutt be suddenly struck blind. I walked round the table aud laid my hand upon his arm. I never saw a man moro startled in my life. Ho jumped away from me, and oamo round into an attitude of sclf'defenoe, his fact fairly distorted with terror "Good God 2" he cried, "What was that ?" " It's I — Bellows. Confound it, Davidson !" Ho jumped whoul answered him and stared — how oau 1 express it ?— right through mo. IIo began talking, not to me, but to himself " Hore in broad daylight on a olear beaoh Not a placo to hide iu." He looked about bim wildly. " Here ! I'm off," Ho suddenly turned and ram hoadloug into" the big eieotro maguct — so violently that, as wo found afterwards, ho bruised hia shoulder a£d. jawbone oruolly. At that ho stepped back'A pafce, and -cried out with almost a whiiqper, " What .in hoaveb's dame has come over me ?" Ho stood, blanohed ..with terror and trembling violently, with bii right arm clutching this left, whsro that had collided with the inagudf. J By that timo T was fairly scared and exoited. " Davidson," said I, ".dou't be afrAid."' He was startled at my Voioo,' but not so ex cessively as bofore I repeated my words in as oloar and firm a touo as I oould assume. "Bellows," ho BAid, "is that you ?" " Can't you see it's mo?" Ho laughed. " I oan't oven see it's myself, Where tho devil are wo ?" "Hero," said. I, "in the laboratory." "The laboratory !" he answorod, in a puzzled tono, and put his hand to his forehead. " 1 was in the laboratory — till that flash camo, but I'm hangod if I'm there cow. What ship is that ?" " There's no.ship," said I. " Do bo sensible, old ohap." "No ship!" ho repeated, and seemed to for get my denial forthwith. " I suppose," said ha Blowly, "we're both dead. But tho rummy part is I feel just as though I still had a body, Don't got used to it all at onoe, I suppose. The old shop was struck by lightning, I suppose. Jolly quiok thing, Bellows— eigh ?" "Don't talk nonsense. You're very muoh alive. You are in tho laboratory, blundering about. You've just smashod a now oleotro- meter. I don't envy you when Boyco arrives." Ho staredaway from me towards tho diagrams of otyobydrates. "I must bo deaf," said he. " They've fired a guu, for thero goes the pull of smoke, and I never heard a sound." I put my hand on his arm again, and this time he was less alarmed. " We seem to bavo & sort of invisible bodies," said be. "By jovo! there's a boat coming round tho head land ! It's very much like the old life after all — In a different climate." I shook his arm. "Davidson," I oried, "wake up!" It was just then that Buyce oame in. So soon as ho Bpoko Davidson exolaimod, "Old Boyco ! Dead too ! What a lark !" I bastonod to explain that Davidson was in a kind of somuambulistio trance. Boyoe was interested at onoe. We both did all we oould to rouse the fellow out of his extraordinary state. He answered our questions, and asked us some of bin own, but his attention seemed distraotcd by his hallucination about a bsaoh and a ship. He kept interpolating observations concerning some bunt and tho davits and sails filling with the wind. It made ono feel queer, in the dusky laboratory, to hear him saying suoh things. He was blind and helpless. We had to walk him down the passage, ono at each elbow, to Boyoi's private room, and while Boyco talked to hiin thero, and humored him about this ship idoa, I went along tbe corridor and asked olu Wade to coino and look at him, Tho voico of our Dean sobered him a little, but not very muoh. He asked whero his handa woro, and why he bad to walk about up to his waist in the ground. Wade thought over him a long time— y&u; know how ho knits his brows— and then .made him feel the couob, guiding his hands to It. ?l /That's a conch," said Wade. ''The oouoh in the private room of Professor Boyoe. Horse- haU/fltufiing." Davidson felt about, and puzzlod over it, aud answered presently that ho oould feci it all right, but he oouldu't see it. " What do you see?" asked Wade. Davidson said he could sos nothing but a lot of sand and broken up shells. Wade gavo bim some other things to feel, tclUog him what they were, and watching bim keeuly, "The ship is almost hull down," said David son, presently, apropos of nothing. "Novor mind the ship," said Wade. "Listen to me, Davidson. Do you know what hallucina tion mians?" " Rather," said Davidson 'Wall, everything you see is halluoinatory." " Bishop Berkeley," s&id; Davidson. " Dou't mistake rae," said Wade. "You are alive, and iu this room of Boyoe's. But some thing has happenod to your eyes. You oannot &eo; ; you can feel and hear, but not see. Do you follow me ?" "It seems to mo that I see too much." Davidson rubbed bis knuokles Into his eyes. "Well?" he said. "That's all. Don't let it perplex you. Bellows, here, and I will take you home in a cab." "Wait a bit." Davidson thought. "Help me to sit down," said he presently; "and now —I'm sorry to trouble you— but will you toll me all that over again?" Wade repeated it very patiently. Davidson shut bis eyes, and pressed bis bands upon bis forehead. " Yes," said he. " It's quite right Now my eyss are shut I know you're right. That's you, Bellows, sitting by me on the oouoh. I'm in Kngland again. And we'ro in the dark." Then ho opened his eyes. " And there," said be, " is the sun just rising, and the yards of the ship, and a tumbled sea, aud a couple of birds flying. I never baw anything so real. And I'm sitting up to my neok In a bauk.of sand. " He bent forward and covered bis faoo with his hands. Then he opened his eyes again. " Dark sea and sunriso ! And yot I'm sitting on a sofa in old Boyce's room ! , , God holp mo ! " - - . That was the beginning. For three weeks this strange alfootlon of Davidson's eyes con tinued unabated. It was far worso than being blind, He was absolutely hotpless, and had to bo fod liko a newly h&tohod; bird, and led about and undressed. If he' attempted to moire ho fell over things or struck himself against walla or doore. After a day or so ho got uied,to hear- lug our voioas without Booing us, and willingly admitted he was at homo, and that Wade was right in what ho told him. My sister, to whom he was engaged, insisted on ooming to seo him, and would sit for hours every day while ho talked about this bcaoh of his. Holding hor hand scorned to comfort him im mensely. Ho explained that when wc loft tho oollege and drove homo, it appoared to him as if we drove right through a sandhill — it was perfeotly blaok until bo emerged again — and through rocks and treos anil solid obstacles, and whon ho was taksa to his own room it made him giddy and almost frantio with tho fear of falling, because going upstalts seemed to lift him 30 or 40 feet abovo tho rocks of his imaginary island. He kept Baying he should smash all the eggs. Tho end was that ho had to be takon dowu into his fatlior's consulting room and laid upon a oouoh that stood thero. I remember one odd thing, and that was he wantod very badly to smoke. Wo put a pipe in his hands — bo almost poked his eyo out with it — and lit it. But ho couldn't taste anything. I've since found it's the same with mo— I don't know if it's tho usual case— that I oannot enjoy tobaooo at all unless I oan see the smoke. Ho described tbe island as being a bleak kind of plaoe on tho whole, with very littlo vegeta tion, exoept some peaty stuff, aud. a lot of bAro rock There wore multitudes of penguins, and they made the rooks white and disagreeable to &eo.; The sea was often rough, and onoo thore was a thunderstorm, and ho lay and shouted at tho silont flashes. Once or twioe seals pulled 'up on tho boach, but only on tbo first two or three days. He said it was very, funny, the way in whioh the penguins used to waddle right through him,' and how he seemed to lio among them without disturbing thorn. But the auecrest part of bis vision oame when Wado sent him out in a bath obair to got fresh air. The Davidsons hired a chair, and got that do&f; and obstinate dependent of thoirs, Wid gery, to attend to it. My sister met them iu the lowor town, Widgery trotting along com- plaocntly, and Davidson evidently most dis tressed, trying in his feeble, blind way to attr&ot; Widgery 's attention. Hs positively wept when my aistsr spoke to him. "Oh, get me out of this horrible dark ness !" he said, foeling for her hand. "I must get out of it, or I shall die." He was quite iaaApable of explaining what was the matter, but my sister decided bo must go borne, and presently, as tboy went up tbo hill, the horror seemed to drop from him. He said it was good to buc tho stars again, though it was then about noou nnd a blazing day. "It seemed," he told me afterward "as if I was being carried irresistibly towards the' water. I was not very much alarmed at first Of course it was night thero— a lovely night." " Of course ?" I asked, for that struck me as odd. "Of ooursc," said lis. "It's always night there when it is day here. . Well, wo went right into tho water, which was caltn and shining under the moonlight— just a broad swell that seemed to grow broader and flatter as I oame down into it The surface glistened just like a skin— it might have besn empty spaoo umUrncath for all I oould toll to tho oontrary. Very slowly, for I rodo slanting into it, the water erepfc up to my eyes. Then I wont under, and the akiu seemed to break and heal again abou t my eyes. Tbe moon gavo a jump up in the sky and grew grcsu and dim, and fish, faintly glowing, came darting rouud me — aud things that seemed made of lumiuous glass, and I poised through a tangle of seaweeds that shone with an oily lustre. And so I drove down into the sea, and the stars went out ono by on o, and tho moon grew greener and darker, and the seaweed beoame aluminous purple red. It was all very faint aud mysterious, aud everything seemed to quiver. And ail the while I oould hoar tbe wheels of the bath chair oroaking, and tho foot steps of people guing by, and a man with a bell crying coal. " I kopt aiuking down deeper and deeper into the water. It beoamo inky black about me, not a ray from abovecamo down into that darkoess, and the phosphorescent thing grow brightor and brighter. The snaky braaobes of the deeper weeds flickered liko the flames of spirit lamps; but, after a time, there were no more weeds. Tho fishes oame stariug aud gaping towards me, and iuto me and through me. I nover imagined suoh fishes bofore. Thoy had linos of fire along the sides of them as though they had been out- linod with a luminous pencil. Aud there was a ghastly thing swimming backwards with a lot of twining arm. Aud then I saw, coming very slowly towards mo through tho gloom; n hazy mass of light that resolved itaolf ns it drew nearer iuto multitudes of fishes, struggling and darting round something that drifted. I drove on straight towards it, and prciontly I saw in tho midst of tho tumult, and by the light of the fish, a bit of splintored spar looming over me, and a dark hull tilting over, and some glowing phosphorescent forms that were shaken and writhed as tho fish bit at them. Them it was I began to try to attraot Widgery's attention. A horror came upon mo. Ugh ! I should have driven right into those half eaten — tilings if your sistor bad not come ! They had great holes in them, Bollows, and .... Nevor mind. But it was ghastly !" For threo weeks Davidson remained in this singular state, seeing what at the time we imagined was an altogether phantasmal world, and atono blind to tho world around him. Thon, ono Tuesday, wheu I called, I met old Davidson in the passage. "He oan see his thumb !" the old gentleman said, in a parfeot transport. Ho was struggling into bis over coat. " He can seo his thumb, Bellows !" ho said, with the tears in his eyes. "Tho lad will be all right yot." I rushed into Davidson. Ho was holding up a little book boforo his face, aud looking at it and laughing in a weak kind of way. " It's amazing," said he. " Thero'e a kind of patoh como thero." He pointed with his finger. " I'm on tho rooks qb usual, and the penguins aro staggering and flapping about as usual, and there's been a whnlo showing overy now and thon, but It's got too dark now to mako him out. But put something there, and I see it— I do seo it It's very dim and broken in places, but I seo It all the samo, like a faiut spectre of itbolf. I found it out this morning while they wore dress ing mo. It's like a hole in this infernal phantom world. Just put your baud by mine. No — not there. Ah ! Yes ! I ace it The base of your thumb Tand a bit of cuff ! It looks like tho ghost of a bit of your hand sticking out of tho sparkling sky. JuBt by it there's a group of stars like a cross coming out." From that timo Davidson began to mend. His aocount of tho change, liko his account of the vision, was oddly convincing. Over patches of his field of vision the phantom world grew faiuter, grew transparent, as it wero, and through tbeBO trannluoent gaps he bogau to see dimly the real world about him. The patches grow in sizo and number, ran together nnd spread until only hero and there were blind spots left upon his oyep. But ho was able to got up and steer himself about, foed himself once more, read, smoke and bohave liko an ordinary oitizen again. At first it was very oonfusing to him to have those two pictures overlapping caoh other liko the ohanging viows of a iautern, but in a littlo while he began to distinguish tho real from tho illusory. . At first he was unfoignedly glad, and seemed only too anxioUB to oomplote his ouro by taking exorcise and tonios. But as that odd island of his began to fado away from him, ho became queorly interested in it. He wanted particularly to go down into tho doop sea again, and would spend half his time wandering about the lower town, trying to find the water loggod wrack ho had seen drifting. Tbe glart of real daylight very soon impressed him so vividly as to blot out ovcrything of his shadowy world ; but of a night time, in a darkened room, he could still boo the white splashed rooks of the island, and the clumsy penguins staggering to and fro. But oven these grew fainter and fainter, and, at last, soon after lie married my Bister, ho saw them for tho last time. And now to tell of the queerest thing of alt About two years after his oure, I dined with tho Davidsons, and after dinner a man named Atkins called in. He is a lieutenant in the Koyol Navy, and a pleasant, talkative man He was on friendly terms with my brother-in-law, and was soon on friendly terms with me. It camo out that ho was ongaged to Davidson's cousin, and incidentally ho took out a kind of pooket photograph caao to show uh a new rendering of hUfiancte. "And, by-the-bye/'saidhe, "hero's the old Fulmar." Davidson looked at it casually. Thon suddenly his face lit up. "Good heavens!" said he. " I could almost swear-— " What?" said Atkins. " That I had seen that ship bofore." " Don't seo how yon can have. Sho hasn't beon out. of tho South Seas for six years, and before then " "But,"began Davidson, and then," Yes- ihat'a tho ship I dreamt of ; I'm euro that's tho ship I dreamt of. She was standing off an islnnd that swarmed with penguins, and sho fired a gun." "Good Lord !" said Atkins. "How the douce oould you dream that?" And thou, bit by bit, it oamo out that on tho very day Davidson was seized, ILM.S. Fulmar bad .aotually been off a little rook to the south of Autipodes Island. A boat bad landed ovor- night to got pooguins' eggs, bad boen delayed, and a thunderstorm drifting up, the boat's crew had waited until the morning beforo rejoining the ship. Atkins had been ouo of them, and bo corroborated, word for word, the descriptions Davidson had given of the island and tho boat. Thero is not the slightest doubt in any of our minds that Davidson hns really seen tho place. In somo unaooountablo way, whilo he moved hither and thither in London, his sight moved hither and thither in a mannerthatcorrcspondud about this distaut island. How is absolutely a mystery. That completed tbe remarkable story of Davidson's eyes. It's perhaps the best authenti cated case in existence of a real vision at a dis tance. Explanation thero is none forthcoming, exoept what Professor Wado has thrown out. But his explanation invokes the Fourth Dimension, and a dissertation on theoretical kinds uf space. To talk of there being " a kink in spaco " sesms mere nonsense to me ; it may be bucause I am no mathematician. When I snid that nothing would alter tho faot that tho place is 8000 miles away, he answered that two points might bo a yard away oa a sheet of paper and yot bo brought togethor by bending tho paper round. The reador may grAap his argu ment, but I certainly do not. His idea seems to be that Davidson, stooping between the poles of the big electro magnet, had some extra ordinary twist given tto hie retinal elements through tho sudden chango in the field of force due to the lightning. He thinks, as a couBoquonce of this, that It may bo poHsiblo to livo visually in ouo part of tho .world, whilo one lives bodily in another He has evou made somo experiments in support of his views ; but, so far, he hao simply succeeded in blinding a few dogs. I believo that is the.not result of his work, though I havo not seen him for aome weeks. Latterly I have been so busy with my work iu conneotioa with the Saint Panoras installation that I have bad little opportunity of calling to see bim. But tbo whole of his theory sowins fantastic to mo. The faots ooncorniug Davidson stand oh an altogether diffeieut footing, and I oan testify personally to tho ncouraoy of every detail I have given.— PaB Mall Budget, 