ABORIGINAL. 'MISSION IN I THE NORTHERN TERKI- 1 TORY. ( Mackay Standard.) Twelve years ago a mission was started by tba Austrian Jesuits for tbe purpose of civilizing and Christianizing the Abori gines of the Nortberr, territory of South Australia. Tbis Mission Is now, after many vicissitudes, firmly established on tbe bankB of tbe River Daly. At tbe close of lagt week tbere arrived In Mackay a Miesloner connected witb tbe abovs Mission in tbe person of tbe Rev. S. i Marsebner, 3.J., who kindly placed tbe foMnwluir notes at our disposal. If a boy, or a girl dies, by accldoDt or bitten by a snake. Boon all bis former coaipanlons surround tbe lifeless body eacb armed witb a sharp stone. By means of tbeBe instruments, piece after pi.? re of fl sb is cut from tb« o'irpse. rtmion iu the c»mp fire and devoured. But they will not tonch tbe bead, tbi-y eay the ' Dsvil-Devll,' tb» ghost or Spirit is residing fti it, and therefore they always bury it. Many of their bableB are murdered soon alter they are born, and tbeir bodies serve as a rep^-t, of wblcb only tbe nearest and dearest friends are allowed tn partake. A tribe not very far from tbB Daly Mission Station is so fond of human flesh tbat it is a lawful custom with it to fatten up a number of children in order that tbelr tender fleab may be the ohlef r-*past at a festival unea'. It tbey fiod a dead kangaroo, nr a listi, or a bird in an advanced stage of decay, tbey light a Ore at once and cook the meal, to sail-ify their craving appetite. Once tbe Rev. Missionary bought gouse eggs from tbe Natives aud was about lo throw away the bad on^e. By doing bo, be incurred displeasure and Indignant disapproval ol IboBe wbo sold tbe eggs. They were very anxloub to get hold even of lbe rotten oneB, aud considered tbem as a dainty morsel. In some eggs the young goose had been already developed ; no matter, lbe exg is carefully opened, the young gosliug extracted, and directly swallowed. MarriageB are arranged by tbe old people, while the children are very young, sometimes, even before tbey are botn, but tben, of course conditionally upon tbe child beiug male or femtile. A young man not bo provided fur, must Bteai his wile. If be stealB ber from bis owu tribe, tbere will be a row, generally amongst their mutuaj friendx; if from a strange tribe, be will be pursued and cbailenged by ber friends to fight for bis lady, with oue or more of her tribe ; if after acertain time he refuBBH to figbt, tben be is speared, whenever or wherever found. Tbere has been formed a large farm, wbicb Is worked by tbe blacks aided, and directed by tbe MIssioDers. A school bas been established, wbich le attended by more thau 30 abotigiual chil dren, All of whom are boarded and lodged, at tbe expense of tbe Mission. Tbe chil dren, besides being taught, are hrouu;bi up to babits of industry. There are on tbe Mission Station also about 20 young meo, wbo are rieing trained to agriculture. Tbe young Christians, educated on tbe Misason, get married after tbeir sixteenth or seventeenth year, and tbe MiS'ion grants tn eacb couple a small farm. Io ' this privilege also otber families may share, if willing tn comply witb tbe MieBion rules. At present tbe number of settled families are 20, whilst about 300 still uncivilized Blacks ffll under tbe in fluence of tbe Mhsiou. The Aborigines on the Mission make tbeir living eitber by tilling tbeir own farm under the direction of tbe Misslonere, or by working for wages ou tbe Mlssiou. Tbe school children and all Christian blacfcB attend Mass every taoruing and approach tbe Sacraments onee a month. Diily a short time Is Bet -apart for inatruction io tbe Christian doctrine. 