OUR BOYS' INSTITUTE. . ,-Lhe average boy has a difficult and generally rather thankless part in life to play. If be be energetic and place him self much in evidence ho is apt to be set down' as being at least forward and obtrusive, or even ranked among larrikins. If he ba quiet and difBdeut he is classed as a 'softy1' and goodfor nofchingr- A.' little more discrimination in such a matter as this would be a far greater social reform than many others the merits of which are much vaunted in public. Old Roger Ascham, in urging upon parents tho necessity for tho sympathetic treatment of their children, wisely remarked, ' for if youth be graEted straight and not awry, the whole com monwealth will flourish thereafter.' Tho first fact which should be taken to heart by those who have to deal with boys is that which was wittily expressed by the schoolmaster who defined a boy as 'a perpetual, motion machine in kuickor bockers.' Boys if thoy are healthy and natural must ba active. Good, bad, or indifferent their employments may be according as they are wisely or unwisely inclined or directed, but at any rate they must have some employment, both for the mindandfor the body ; and it is of supreme importance that between the critical a-es of thirteen and eighteen they should have plenty to do, plenty to think about, and good company all tho while. To give them this is the principal object of Our Boys' Institute, and our readers who wish to learn further details may readily gather them from a perusal of the letter of the President and Secre taries appearing in another column. Every one will remember tho astonish ent, so happily oxpressed by them Lieu'enant-Governor some time ago, at haying had an opportunity of witnessing the extent, usefulness, and efficiency of the work that was being carried on hy the Institute — a work of which he had previously had no conception, but comparatively few have availed ?hemselves ot the opportunity of making his experience their own. The special reason which has induced the officers to briug their opeiatiou3 promi nently before the public at ths present time is that tho Institute is just now homeless, or, rather, it has to be content with temporary lodgings, which have been kindly offered at a low rental by Messrs. John Duim & Co. We are no advocates for pampering boys and providing them with luxurious surroundings, but the sort of aid which is sought on behalf of the 400 members now meeting at the Freeman street store is of a very different de scription. The numerous classes and gymnastic exercises, the provision for camps and outdoor excursions in suitable weather, afford the lads mental and physical training of the very best kind. The Honorary Secretaries, in particular, who perform their work gratuitously have the satisfaction of feeling that they have gained the confidence and ffection of every member, and they have the further gratification of knowing that in seven j-ears something like 2,000 lads in all have had the benefit of tho teachings of the) institution, where they have formed firm friendships and companionships, which will in many cases prove a powerful influence for good as long as their lives last. Any visitor who takes the trouble to mingle— or rather, gives himself the pleasure of mingling — for a few hours among the boys will find that a whole some, hearty spirit pervades the whole institution. The prevailing tone of good humour and industry is, in fact, just that which an employer likes to find among the juniors in hia shop, factory, or office. From this point of view it will be seen that Roger Ascham's con dition for a prosperous commonwealth that shall flourish hereafter is greatly helped towards fulfilment by the work carried on by Our Boys' Institute, and it3 welfare is therefore a matter which interests the whole community. The sum mentioned in the letter else where aa being needed to provide land and buildings — namely, £5,000 —certainly seems a rather large one, and if it should be some time before it is raised in dull times like these the committee must not feeJ discouraged. One thing cortain is that no effort will be spared by them to carry their scheme to a successful issue. Meanwhile the boys ought at least to have the use of ample premises of a suitable description, which they should be able to secure at & mode rate rental. The matter of providing a new and permanent Homo for the Insti tute is one which Bishop Kennion would have taken up coii autorc in conjunction with the official leaders of the lads. In lm abaenco, however, thsre should be no laci of willing workers and liberal con tributors among those who take a kindly and sympathetic interest in the welfare of the ruing generation. We sincerely hope, in view of the appeal which is now made, that the members of tho OBI will not long have to remain, like the heroes of Byron's comedy when down in their luck, confined in temporary lodg ings. The Death of Worth.— The world of Fashion has lost a king who ruled ovetv it with despotic sway. The death of Worth is an event which will produce more general and even more sincere regret than that of many a monarch who enjoyed the advantages of a royal ancestry, an actual sceptre, and a real throne. Happily for the gay throng which hae been so suddenly bereft of a friend it is not to be long left discon solate. The cry of Lc Roi *.st mort may be followed almost without pause with that of Vire U floi, for it is under stood that the great man has a worthy successor in his son. The career of the late uncrowned sovereign of Fashion has indeed been a most remarkable one. Not the least surprising feature of it has been the ready and unquestioning »'♦*- giance which the fickle, exacting, SmL withal deeply prejudiced Pariaiennes have for so many yeara paid to this masterful Englishman, who told them what was right and what was wrong in the matter of dress with all the undoubting assurance of an infallible oracle. The truth is that Worth was in his own particular line one of the most extraordinary geniuses who have ever lived. He pes sessed in a wonderful degree that faculty which scientists call the constructive imagination. When a lady would call at his sumptuously furniahed reception rooms and solicit his services in render ing her illustrious for the beauty of her costume, her face and figure would be most minutely studied for a few minutes, and then the artist would retire to work out an idea for her. The time of wait ing might be long, or it might be short. The copyist can turn out his designs to order in a stated time ; but the origina tive artist must wait until an inspiration seizes him. The task, in fact, was to idealize the lady, and in many cases it may be imagined that serious difficulties presented themselves. Visitors, how ever, have remarked that when he had a really fine figure to drape and had been unusually successful in 'thinking her into a gown' of exquisite design it was wonderful to see his artistic ardour and his 'oyeina fine frenzy rolling' as he gave his orders with kingly imperiousnesa. His influence, both direct and indirect, has been of a twofold nature. On the one hand it is undeniable that his ' crea tions,' as they werecilled, have at times imparted a factitious interest to certain Society ladies and actresses, who, par haps, on their own merits, would never have attracted much attention. This is the view of his work which was expressed by a wag who altered Pope's lines to make them declare Worth :nake3 the lady, and want of him the woman. On the other hand, from an artistic point of view, the world is widely indebted to him. He has persistently Bet his face againat all monstrosities and real offences against good taste, and has upheld the belief that in the human form divine there are possibilities of varied draping to which no artifical additions, such as crinolines and bustles, can lend any real assistance. The exist ing fashion of pufied sleevej, by reason cf which it has been earcastic»lly said ladies of the present day cannot stand shoulder to shoulder, is at any rate not inartistic. On the whole, indeed, Worth iiaa had a decidedly good influence upon the taste of his generation. It is to be sincerely hoped that something like unity of idea will ?still pervade the fashions of the future, and that the lesser magnates of the dressmaking world will not be found, like the generals of Alexander, each fighting for his own hand now that the king is gone. Pabliamestabt Documents.— A reminder of a wearucine profitless session came along on Tuesday murninc; from the Government Printer in the form of the Blue-book for 1894. This contains the votes and proceedings and the papers ordered by the House to be printed. Id is a sign of thu times that the annual budget is compreeged into two volumes. Por yeara four were issued every year, then when the financial shoe began to pinch they came down to throe, and sow we have two, owing to the economical considerations which always weighed with the Printing Committee when recommending which papers should and should not be printbd. The Royal Commission on Hospital Affairs. — Upon the return of His Esoellenov the LieutenantGovernor (Hon. S. J. Way) from the Northern Circuit an Esecntiv-a Council will be held, and the names of the gentlemen who will form the Royal Commis aion to enquire into the management of the Hospital will be submitted for His Excel lency 'a approval. The Railway Coiimissioj-eb.— It ia nnder derstood thac upon the rosurn of the Premier and the Commissioner of Publio Worka from their 'trip to tho village settlements the Government will deal with the question of the appointment of tha Bole Railway Commis sioner. Th«Actof 1S9 1 makes provision for the sole Commissioner assuming office on June!, and it is expaoied that the matter will ba settled in inmciant time to give the re tirinij; Commissioners two months' notice. The English Mail. -The Orient Line R.M.3. Orizaba left Colombo at 11 a.m. on tha oth inst.. and is e.-.pected to arrive at Albany on Friday cex: batween noon and 6 p.m. Passengers by the Rome. -The following passengers have booked to leave by the P & O R M.S. Rome, which sails to-day : — For London— Mr- »na Mias Martin, Almei L. H. and M. F. Goode, Mra. Colley, Mr. R* F* Cobb, Mra. Billin and children, Mr. Norton Smith, Mr. aad Mn. W. U. \V. Cooper and children, Messrs. C. M. Leurr.ane, J. H. Grundy. J. E. M. Morky, and J. Chisholm. For Bombay— Mrs. and Miss Durand. For Calcutta — Mr. James. For Albany— Miaaes A. G. Osborne and E'nmi Koch, Messrs. V. Streicb, L. A. Muller, E. F. Wood, P. Sampson, T, SimpEon, McGregor, A. McKinnon, J. O. Tepper, J. H. Robley, A. G. Rosier. J. Lord, J. MoMillan. A. McMillan, D. Callaghan, T. Elliott, E. Thomas, B. C. McMann, and M. J. Tuohy, Mrs. G. S. Fulton and Mrs. Findler, Mr. and Mra. J. Shaw, and Mr. and Mia3 3haw. The Australian Squadron*.— His Excel lency the Roar-Admiral coiumandinir the Australian Squadron ia due in Melbourne from Auckland to-day. Tha Admiral has given orders for the assembly of the following Bhipaofthe Squadron :— Ringarooma, Roya list, Lizard, Rapid, and Goldfinoh at, Port Phillip Head*. On His Excellency's arrival in the Orlando ihofleos will iorm into columns and steam into harbour in battle order. After a stay of eomo fow days the Squadron will leave l'ort Phillip for South Australian waters. DtFASTCEE o? SIk. P. 3L Reid. — A number of the friends of Mr. P. M. Reid, of tha well known firm of John Reid & Sana, who, in j oompanr with Mr. J. Vardon, J.P., is leaving to- day for England by the steamer Rome, met at the Exchanga Hotel, Hindiey- strcet, on j Tuesday evening, at the invitation of Coun- ] cillor Johnson and Mr. Y. Laciuier (Assistant Locomotive Engineer) for the purpose of wish ing Mr. Reid a pleasant voyage and a safe and I speedy return. Speecho-3 highly eulogistic of Mr. Reid were made, and the utmost enthu Biasm prevailed. Mr. Ryid intends to see all that is of interest in the old country, and will make hi3 return to Australia by way of the United States. Back to Work.— Mr. James Shaw, the Mayor of Cooljrardie, leaves to-d»y by the Koine with ilrs. Shaw and their 6on and daughter for Albany en route to Cool&ardie.; Addition- to the German* Fljest in Aus TBALU.— Tho Imperial German war ve33el Mb'vve arrived in Melbourne on March 7, having been ordered from the east coast of Africa to reinforce the Australian Squadron. The Mo wo is of composite build, SIS tons displacement. 174 ft. Ion?, 20 ft. 6 in. extreme breadth, and drawa 11 f B. 3 in. Her armament consists of one 15 cm., four 12 c.ni., and four 87 tin. Krupp curie. Sha was built in 1879 at % cost of £3o!saO, and with 7S4 indicated .horsepower can ateam 12 knots an hour. The MitiTABr Commandant's Kepoht. — Ib has hitherto been the custom to hand portions of tha Military Commandant^ annual report to the Press for publication. Colonel Gordon's report of last year has, how ever, not yet seen the light of day, notwith standing the repeated requests made during last session tha* is should be given publicity. CcsToas Receipts. — From July 1, 1SU4, to March 0, 1S95, the Treasurer received in Cus toms duties £356, 01512s. fid., \vh ich was £10,-12 i 10s. 4d. less than the income from a similar Bource during the corresponding period of the previous financial year. The beer duties are gradually swelling the income of the Trea surer; but the process is slow, and tho fact that only £13,011 7s. lid. has been collected tip to the end of last week does not afford much hope that the estimate of £o0,000 for the year will be realized. Hafit Vallky Watsrmau*.— The firako! the large ms.in3 which, are so conduct! the water from Happy Valley to ths oity are now being laid in Kin;' William-street between the Post-Office and WaytnDUth-streab. There are only a few pipes available, so that thero is at present: no extensive work for those anxiouB to find employment. The Government Esfobt Department. — To such an extent are the Government assist ing producers to export their poods to En gland, thss the Minister of Agriculture has thought well to give bis right hand man, Mr. E. G. B. Ebdy, a mere dignified tide, for eome timo pass that gentleman has been known as the Inspector of Butter and Produce, but ?while still carrying out his expert duties, he is in future to be styled 'Manager of the Expert Branch of the Agricultural Depart ment.' Mr. Ebdy is expected by ihe pro ducers to ba a veritable vads luccum. Letters pour in in increasing numbers asking whether this article is worth sending to England, how it should be packed, and what price some thing eke is likely to bring. One of the latest enquiries h&3 been about honey. An ownerof an apiary in the Hills is anxious to send a ton and a. half of honey and 230 lba. of beeswax to the London Produce Department. The infor mation Mr. Ebdy gave him may be inte resting to other beekeepere. Huney for the English market shonld bo packed in new tins or kegs. The tine, which should each hold 56 lbs., and two of which constitute a case, cost 10a. a dozen with Eoldered tops, and 14s. with patent top?. !he University of Adelaide. — In our advertising columns evening class students ) are asked to make application for five entrance J scholarships to be awarded by the University, j The scholarships are of the annual value of j £10 each, and enable evening students to study for the B.A. or B.Sc. decrees. Applications will be received up to Monday, the ISch inst. Moderator of the Pm-SBXTEniAN Church. — As a meeting of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of South Australia yesterday, tho Rev. George C. Love, M.A., B.D., of St. Andrew's Church, StrathalbyD, was chosen Moderator for the ensuing year. Maii. Steamers. — The R.M.S. Rome, which leaves che Semaphore for Kngl&nd; to-day, has a valuable cargo, including, from tho other colonies, 1,702 bales wool, 4S1 bale3 leather, 131 hhds. wine, 62 qr.-casks wine, 10 cases honey, 2,066 cases apples, sad £11S,795 in sovereigns. The R.M.S. Austral left Sydney homewards on Saturday last, and is due here next Monday. Federal Qca basting.— Some months ago the agents for the P. & U and Orient Lines of steamers wrote to the Victorian Premier, stating that tha absence of a federal quaran tine station at) King George's Sound com pelled mail steamers to pass on to the more populous eastern colonies with infectious cases still on board, thereby increasing the risk of spreading the disease, and causinc the passen gers, ou arrival at Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydney, to ba dstainsd lo tiger in qua rantine thaa would have been the oasa if tho infected persons had been landed at Albany. It was pointed out that that port, cpart from its convenient position on the line of the stream of traffic approaching Australia, seemed to offer every natural facility for the provision ot the neces sary accommodation and had a salubrious climate. According to the Argus tho Premier communicated with the Premier of Western Australia on tha subject, and the latter replied that the accommodation already provided at Albany was insufficient for all psraon3 suffering from infectious diseases who might from time to time arrive there en route to other countries. Sir John. Forrest added that to keep persons autfdrinfj from smallpox and other infectious diseases on board ship was most unde sirable, and he would be glad if some means coild be derised by which a federal quaxantiho station could bo arranged at some isolated place near King George's Sound. Mr. Turner last week addressed a circular letter to the Premiers of the other colonies, suggesting that steps should be taken to erecs federal quarantine etations at Albany and Cocktown, and that the colonies should share in sho coss of building the stations and come to an arrangement by which each colony ?would contribute its fair share towards the coat of their maintenance. Before he left for tho Murray River Village Settlements Mr. Kingston received Mr. Turner's letter, but the communication has nob yet been con sidered by Cabiuet. The Mil-tag- Fokcets.— The officers and Non-commis*inntd olScers of the Militia mustered for instructional drill on Tuesday night. The Commandant attended and ex plained tha objaetsot nkeletoa drill. Major Stuart than exercised the brigade in brigade movement?, and battalion drill followed. Colonel Madley was in charge of the 1st Regiinent, Major Geudera ot the 2nd Regi men&, and Colonel Lovely of tha 3rd Regi ment. The Exhibition.— Tub Exhibition of South Australian art and industry, whioh has been arranged tt the Jubilee Exhibition Buildings i by the Chamber of Manufactures, and which :' will be opened to-morrow evening, promises to ; be the most successful of its kind ever held in j this city. Ail the available floor space in the j main building and the eastern annexe, except j the office?, has been taken up, and applications i are still beins made for the arcommociation . of exhibits ; but it is impassible to meet the3e : requests, a:id the late arrivals have to ro away ; disappointed. Ths scene at the buildings on j Monday and Tuealav. wiien tho workmen were engaged iunnangin; numerous exhibits, waa oua of greas i,us::o and activity. Somaideaof the time and labour involved may be imagined whan it is stated that the entries for the display of specimens of art and industry number about 2,5-)0. This week tha Secretary and some other officials have been working right through tha night in order to have every thing eomplets by the opening day. Generally spsiking the exhibits thai are be:na; brought together are very line and representative of our many branches of industry. The display of art, fancy work, and needlework is probably the best ever seen here. AH tho competitive exhibits are covered by insurance amounting to £7,400 effected by the committee, and the manufacturing firms who are not comD9ting for prizes and have show space allowed to them free have also insured their goods. The Conciliation LSoard.— The Govern ment have secured the services of Messrs. William Copley, of Blackrock, William Ro bertson, of Turrotfield, and Alfred M.Simpson, of Adelaide as members of the State Board of Conciliation repreaentinc thereon the employers. The refusal of the General Em ployers' Tjnion to nominate members inado it nec2S9ary for tho Government to zns'ce the appointments. In tioirg eo they h:ive sought to secure representatives of the farin imr, pastoral, and manufacturing interests, and they consider that they have obtained gentlemen eminently fitted for the duties. The representatives of the employes on the Board are Messrs. \V. Green, G. H. Buttery, and J. Thompson. With Mr. Justice Bundey as its President the constitution of the Board is now complete. Cgmmamjer Luxdh. — The many friends of Commander Lundh, formerly of theProtector, will be interested to hear that ha is abcut to pay a visib with his wife and family to England and Norway. H» will leave bj the steamer Ianaminoka for Melbourne on Satur day, and will then take steamer for Tasmania and Xew Zealand. From the latter place, after a stay of three days, he will take passage by the Tainui for London via Monte Video, Rio Janeiro, and Teneriffe. After visiting England he will eo to his relatives in Norway, but its is his present intention, if a position opens, to come back to Adelaide. Commander Lundh'a ability as a naval officer is well known. He aerved in the Norwegian Navy tirst as a midshipman, and rose to the position of lieutenant in command of a gunboat. He entered the British service in 1882, being appointed to the Agincourt, one of the Channel Fleet, and the Rear- Admiral's Hagsbip. From there he went, through the gunnery course in the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, and ic was while studying there that he was appointed second lieutenant to che Protector, arriving litre in 1So4. He has since held the position of senior lieutenant of the gunboat, and was gazetted as com mander. Last year he wa3 among the retrenched officers, but received a position in the Taxation Office, Adelaide. Citizens' L*fe Assueascs Compass.— Elsewhere will be found a report of the eighth annual meeting of this Society, held in Sydney on the 21st ult. The total income for the year amounted to £153,072, an increase oE £24,G33 over tha revenue of the previous year. During the year £o5,!):U was paid on 3,570 claimB, which, added to the sums previously paid sine© the establishment of the Company, makes a total sum of £95,537 paid out. The Assurance Fund, with paid - up capital, amounts to £215,471, an increase for the year of £2S,G37, exclusive of !»,0uG written off the value of securities. The annual premium on policies in fores at the close of the year amounted to £1G7,S6S. During the year the Company's business was extendad to New Zealand. Embracing tha ina us trial and ordi nary branches, the number of policies dealt with was 1G7,O91, issued under seventeen different tables. The total liability was stated at £'40,4'J7 and the Assurance Fund £53,024, showing a surplus of £12,52$. Ol this amount £3,209 will ba divided and the balance carried forward, allowing of a bonua of £2 per cent, being declared on ali with profit policies in force at date of valuation. Taking the whole of the colonies, the pRreentage of actual to expected deaths was 54*4, but in South Aus tralia ou'.y 52 '5. The report and balance sheet were adopted, and Messrs. W. J. Lyne and John Sae, M.L. A.'s, ware re-sleeted as Directors. Marine Boakd Refort.— The Marine Board's annual report is in course of prepara tion, and will be presented to the Board at an early meeting. For several years past is has not been customary to print the document, but it is not known whether this course will be followed this year. An Invalided Lightkkepxb. — The I ' watchers by the sea' are shut off from many I advantage* possessed by those living in centres | of population, and by no means the lent of these is medical attendance in time of sick nesa. When the Marine Board was engaged in its recent inspection the child of one of the keepers at an island station was found to be very ill. For other reasons the keeper was about to bs moved to a shoro station, but after returning from the trip word v/as received of the death of the child. News has now come to hand of the illness of the third keeper of Cape Borda Lighthouse, Mr. Kerr. This is a station at which it is very difficult to get medical attendance, and prescriptions have sometimes to be dispatched by means of the telegraph. In this oase, however, it has been found necessary to send the launch Mermaid to Cape Borda for the invalided keeper. Even now delay and tossing about muss be experienced before proper treatment can be administered. Mr. Kerr was formerly master of the Glenrosa, which was lost on this coast. A Relic of the Fifties.— Most of the buildings constructed in Port Adelaide during :53 infancy have gradually boea demolishedt and others of a better and moro modern type have been ere3ted in their atead. During the past few days workman have been engaged in puliiug down another of the old Ian imarks situated i:i Lipaon- street, next to the Union Bank, the premises haviDR been recently con demned by the Port! Adelaide. Corporation. Ths buildin?, which is of weatherboard, is a type of the houses buiit in tha early days of the Port, bavins been erected about 1850. It was uasd as a dwelling-house, tha late Mr. OiBoud residing thero for many years. The brick building adjoining, which was con structed abous the same time, is also to be demolished. Small Asms. — The number of rifles stored at the armoury on North-terraca is admittedly large, but it is not generally known that the bulk of the rifles are unfit for reissue. The question of rearming the whole Force with a more modern weapon is understood to be referred to in tha Commandant's last annual report. \- Accident to a Marker.— It will be re membered that some weeks ago an accident happened at the firing-range, in which a marker was 'splashed.' Upon the recom mendation of the staff-office the Chi6t Secre tary has approved of the payment of a sum of money as compensation for the injuries received. RtsERVES of Amiicxitiox.— Should war be declared to-morrow South Australia would be in the position of having guns with a very limited supply of ammunition. It i3 under stood that the serviceable ammunition in store has never been at such a low ebb, and that the small-arm ammunition in stock is totally inadequate should an emergency arise. Music— We have been furnished with a recent number of the Musical Courier, a weekly journal devoted to music and the music trade, published ia New York, and claiming 100,000 readers in America, Great Britain, and Europe. It is got up in good style, witii over ntty pages ol matter ia very readable form, supplied from the best musical centres. Wo understaud that the circulation is beine exttnded to the Australian Colonies, where special correspondents have been selected ; aad we are pleaaad to note that Mr. T. H. Jones, Mua. Bac, so well and favourably known in Adelaide, ha3 received the appoint ment for South Australia. The Semafuoke Baths. — The caretaker of the Semaphore Baths, Mr. Magnus Manson, ia relinquishing the position at the end of the month for another business. He has held the otSoe sinca the baths were opened at the end of 1SSS. and has on more than one occasion been instrumental in rescuing inex perienced bathers from ditiiculties. Lecture at Bbompton. — On Tuesday even ing the Kev. G. E. Wheatley gave an address on ' Ghosts, or the fallacies which frighten anti-reforrnere,' in tha Wesleyan Church, Brompton. The Rev. P. C. Thomas presided over a small attendance. The lecturer was attentively listened to, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him. During the evening Mr3. Stephens and Mr. J. S. Guan contributed songs. Sejitle Fcxd.— A. F., 2s. 6J. 