THE GALL OF THE IMPERIAL CHRIST. ' ' ' - A SERMON TO YOUNG MEN. [By the Rev. Joseph Berry.] Lord, I will follow Thee, but.—Luke ix., 61. We cannot read this paragraph (verses57-Gl) without being struck with the imperial tpne of Christ. Here was a young man, penniless and with few friends, on His way to be tried for His life and publicly executed; A Samaritan village at which He would have lodged has just rejected His. proposal. Just now three offers of disciplpship are made to Him, but in each- case there is a condition stated or im plied. Each-offer , is rejected. He will not alter or lower His standard to please anyone of them. The rejections of Christ are per haps' as remarkable as His invitations. _ A revivalist once remarked that he had just conducted special services^ in a certain church. "How many, did you add?" he was asked. " We turned out 19 members," was his reply. Wesley's journals note a; good many revivals . of that sort. We preachers often present Christ as if He-were a beggar .knocking at our door. There is truth in the presentation, but not the whole truth. ■ Kings do not invite when addressing their.subjects— they command. Christ speaks in an imperial tone. When the young ruler lcnelt at His feet. offering the surrender of everything but one Christ laid His finger upon the one thing reserved ' and said, Yield that,- and then fall behihd'anddbllow:'' Yoii reply that '"He did not always require the giving up of every penny,"' and that is true. . Chemists who test for poison' do not' apply the ' same test in every case.- If they suspect arsenic the test is different from that in which' they suspect strychnine. So the test_ of Christ is applied _ to the one thing in which the will is not yielded. The .ruler was very sorrowful as he: turned away, but Christ let him go. There must be no re served "but" in those who Would be His disciples. , j There are three cases of the kind here in one paragraph. The scribe who said, "Lord I will follow Thee whithersoever Thou goest" did not in express terms stipulate for any condition. But he little knew _ to what Christ was going. Ho had an idea that there was much to be gained by follow ing this'teacher. • He was like those who to-dav join a chureK for what they can get. Dr. Pentecost lately mentioned the case of one of his own members who complained that he had been a member of his church for six years without gaining customer! Think ' of the man—the sneak rather—who called himself a disciple that he might sell a few pounds of tea extra or a few yards more of ribbon. There was some .thought of the kind in the mind of this scribe. Hence the answer' he got was ''Foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man hath not where to lay His head;" That was enough for the scribe. There was an end of his proposal. Another who was called replied—"Suffer me first to go and bury my father." The answer given to him sounds harsh, if not cruel — "Let the dead bury their dead, but go thou and preach the kingdom of God;" But .Christ ■was neither harsh nor cruel The man's father was'not dead. A Jew with a dead father at home could not possibly be in a mixed crowd. The touch of a dead body rendered him ceremonially Unclean for seven days. The funeral was usually upon the same day as' death. They had a proverb in the East when they wanted to excuse themselves from a thing "I will doit when I have buried my father"—when I come into my property and am free to act on my own account. But proverbs degenerate, and so this one came to mean no more than some of you mean when voii say, "Yes,I will do it when my ship comes in!" Christ's answer shows his contempt for the man-who temporises with His call. What .would be thought or the fireman who, when the firebell rings, asks the superintendent to excuse him for a minute while he parts his hair or finds a collar stud? Is the call of a fire bell more imperative than the summons of God? Insult with your small jokes and trifling ex cuses any one else who commands you, but do not dare thus to trifle with your King! Then there was a third. " Lord I will fol low Thee, but let me first bid them farewell which are at home at my house." _ Even that is not allowed. Not because Christ is indif ferent to the claims of home. In youth He was subject to'His parents. On the cross He paused in the act of dying that He might arrange a home for His broken-hearted mother. Call to mind the bitter opposition which a Jew had to face when he proposed to follow Christ. It is best illustrated by the bribery or persecu tion which a young Hindoo has to face who proposes to do the same thing. Human nature can hardly bear the strain. To 'consult those at home "first" was to look back. It was to put other claims in competition with His. That could not and cannot be allowed. " No man having put his hand to the plough and looking back is fit for the kingdom of God." Youi see what He means. Few things are uglier than crooked furrows on a ploughed field—furrows the shape of a dog's leg. Straight furrows are made by the ploughman fixing his eye upon some object ahead, and keeping it fixed. Glances to this side and that spoil his work. To look back is to ruin it. If you would plough a straight furrow in God's kingdom^ the eye must be fixed on Him,. and on Him only. It would stop a good deal of fooling in religion if this were understood and acted upon. If any " but " could be allowed in a candidate for discipleship it would be that of the man who would confer with his mother, and sisters, and friends, but the call of our King disallows even that. . We. will now leave these people down in Judea. How is it in Adelaide? What do you young men and women say to Jesus when He calls? You do not say "T will not follow Thee." If you did you would not be here. You, would be in some place or occupation in which your attitude to Him could not be mis taken. . The answer too many of you give is "I will follow Thee, but." It is of some of these excuses that I have to speak.. May God, the.Holy Ghost, so apply the word that some young man or woman sheltered behind these "buts"may say " Lord I will make an un conditional- surrender 1 Anywhere, every where, I will follow if.Thou wilt accept and lead me." 1\. I will follow thee, but I want first to have. all. these mysteries in .Thy word cleared ; up. While you make that condition you will never follow. He never called a man of you on any_such terms. His condition is do and you shall -know;' but do first. You would not accept the services of an errand hoy on the terms you propose. Suppose you told a lad to carry a letter, to-morrow, and he replied "Hoi you don t, I must be told first what it is about. You.are not to send me with an envelope the contents of which you do not explain ?" How much per week would you give a lad like that? ' Not one of you would tolerate liim for an hour. Suppose a.soldier refused to march a step or fire a shot until his commanding officer made all his orders clear ? Christ wants soldiers not advisers. When a child is set set to "learn music he gets a lesson and is told to practice that and then he shall have another. Those are the only terms, upon which a music teacher takes pupils. So we are to practice the things we do understand—other things can wait. I would not say one word to discount the value of Biblical learning, but I will say this, that in matters of practical duty a laborer- who can just spell out the English of .his mother's Bible and who daily asks " Lord, what wilt Thou have, me to do" is at no disadvantage as compared with the finest scholar on the Bible Revision Committee. A Swiss guide who never heard the word geology, but who lias accustomed himself to mountaineering, can climb the Matterhorn as successfully as a geologist, who could draw a section of the mountain^ and correctly name all the strata between its snow-crowned summit and ;the burning centre of the earth. We do not even make any such condition in reference to other authors. You would not refuse to study and; enjoy Tennyson unless all the mysteries of his writing are explained. Yet you cannot begin*:"In memoriam" at the beginning and read for a. quarter of an hour before you will come to at least one stanza tliat contains a reference that neither Tennyson nor any expert in his poetry" could satisfactorily explain. ■ How-many have- read " The ring and the book?" Of those who have read it how few would undertake to unravel all its perplexing passages ? ' Will • you therefore refuse to read and ponder anything that Browning has written. . Suppose you refused to walk until you' could understand how the brain- controls the nerves and guides your feet, and how brain and nerves and feet co-operate with gravitation. You would never take another step, but would become, as stiff as , Lot's wife, I am adding illustration to illustration at the risk of redundancy because. I want once for all to knock this nonsense- out- of you. The Bible has been ahead of every age. Many things are clear to us that puzzled our grandfathers, and many things will be clear to our grandchildren that we cannot explain. But when you have been a thousand years in heaven there will still be mysteries here into which.you will desire to look. When Daubigne was a student he often got into per plexity about the meaning of Scripture. He took'his -questions to a plain Bible-loving German,_ who answered his questions and solved his difficulties. At length the old man replied, " Young man, I will answer no more of your questions. If I settle one to-day you are sure to come 'with another to-morrow, and there is no end to it. • I ask you once for all 1 Do you mean to give yourself to Christ and follow Him, or do you not •?'•", I press that practical question on you. "''Yes" or "no." What is your answer? Be .content that Almighty. God should know some things that I you do not. An Indian officer who was known to be-living in adultery"one' day accosted a missionary tlius :—"MivSo-and-So; there are great mysteries in the Bibla are there not?/ The- Pentateuch, e.g., did .Moses write it I or not?" • "-I- am not sure," replied the! missionary,- ■ • '* that I can answer -your question: There are perplexities about it, but the seventh commandment is plain." The officer was enraged, but the missionary was right. We cannot, hoodwink the Omniscience by making what we do not. know an excuse for refusing to practice what we do know. "I will follow Thee when all my difficulties) are explained " is a roundabout way of saying [ 1 will not follow. Ben there be no more of it. | _ 2. I would follow Thee, but "for the incon sistencies of other Christians. . This is one of the commonest, the silliest, the- shabbiest "buts" one ever hears. "You would enlist, but you must first be .assured that every other soldier in the regiment is loyal and brave. Without such assurance Queen and country may go. to the dogs for anything youcare! Noble, is it not ? Well, I have, to say again that Christ never called you on those terms. From Judas downward-there have always been some traitors',, and hypocrites. While Christianity and human nature remain as they- are there are '..sure tg be imitation Christians,. because the better anything .is acknowledged to be the more certain it is of imitation.: So long as men know the value of flannel, tnere will be flannelette. Bo long as golden sovereigns are worth 20s. there will be spurious sovereigns. One has read of asses in lions' skins, but lions are not tp he blamed for that. Nor is- hypocrisy -the- fault of Christianity;v it. -is -rather the world's testimony to its beauty and value. This "but" is not. , logical., If .the discovery^ of. a..hypocriteflbriis you against I. Christianity, as yon say, why'does notthe dis covery of true Christly character in men turn you towards it ? That there are such requires | no proof. The other day there died in Ade-1 laide one whom you all knew, at least by name aiid reputation. The .Rev. Mr. Williams was | master in one of our local colleges. After his death the papers mentioned one incident in his life. Some years ago .one of our local hunks was tottering. Mr. Williams was a share holder. A broker who was in the secret waited on him, advising him to sell out at once or he ] would he certain to lose the money he had in vested and a good deal more in the shape of calls. - Mr. Williams , replied that he would take an hour to ttiink about it, and if at the end of that time he felt he could sell out and look his boys in the - face and tell them what he had done, he would agree — not otherwise. When the hour was over he told the broker that he would bear the loss himself. He could not trijpsfer shares | that he knew to be worthless to one who did I not know and maintain his self-respect. Now, ninety-nine men of the world in a hundred! would have, sold out and congratulated them selves on their luck. Fancy any man who had sat at the feet, of a_ teacher like that excusing himself from following Christ because so many • of His followers are not genuine. It is they who-are the. humbugs, and not Christians. I admit of course that when hypocrites are plen tiful Christian profession is more difficult. -The true are in some sense disgraced by the false. But I have yet to leam that the diffi culty of any duty is an excuse for its refusal. You can be genuine, cannot you, whether your neighbor is or "not. "What is that to thee, follow thou Me." • .3. I would follow Thee, but it would inter fere with my gains and pleasures. Well, that is true. If your great aim in life is pleasure or gain I don't-advise you to be a Christian. At the time these incidents happened Christ had set his face steadfastly to go to Jerusalem, ,a'nd you know what that meant. The charter of discipleship has never been changed. "If any man will come after Me, let himdeny him self and take up his cross," his '.'own" cross, as- the revised version puts it. " Come to Jesus and be happy " was never the condition of discipleship: -lb is a false note. I, for one, am sick of hearing.it. Christ often makes me miserable—miserable about my own sin and unworthiness. I know many a sleepless hour | caused by the sin and sorrow I see about me. "I am over 80 years of age," said Lord ■Shaftesbury to Miss Cobbe, " butl cannot bear to leave this world- while there is so miich misery in it." That he was sure of a blissful heaven for himself did not satisfy that noble heart. -Unconverted men are shirking their own cross-; the call of Christ is a call to take it up. You will never plough a straight furrow, to go back to the simile in our text, with one eye on pleasure and another on gain. Come to Christ because it is right. He and He alone appeals to your-noblest manhood. He can make of you the man, the woman, you ought | to be. • There are those who sit at this world's table ■ seeking only to enjoy and to get, and there arc those who stand and serve." Conversion is to give up the former position and take the latter. Feet washing was accounted one of the'most menial duties just as by some boot-blackmg is now. A few days after this incident, and Ss a part of the sacrament of the supper, Christ was girded with a towel, washing the travel-stained feet of, fishermen. "If I, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, -ye also ought to wash one another's feet." To follow is to imitate. Don't think of being a Christian that you may dry up the fountains of your own tears, but that you may wipe the tears from other eyes. A gentleman once told Mr. "Watldnson that his chief enjoyment in Switzerland was to lie in bed and look at Mount Blanc. Noble, was it •not? So there are Christians whose chief enjoy ment is to lie in bed and look at Mount Calvary and think how good it was of the Lord Jesus to climb Calvary for them. You are not called to that feather-pillow enjoyment, but to follow even to Gethsemane and up the blood stained slope of Calvary. Will you do it? Some' of you have seen the engraving of Sir Edwin Long's picture "Christ or Diana." In the foreground is a beautiful maiden, her fea tures radiant with the light of God. Behind is the amphitheatre where Christian martyrs were burnt or flung to the hungry beasts. Close to her is the Goddess Diana, with the altar fire burning in front. A casket contain ing grains of incense is held out to her, and a grey-haired priest is _ repeating the formula " Let her cast one grain of incense and she is ree." Beautiful girls are there with instru ments of music held to their lips, ready to fill the air with melody if only she will comply with the priest's injunction and cast one grain only on the fire. Standing by her side is her lover, his face quivering, -with anguish, entreating her fpr liis sake to yield. But as | she stands there you see what her resolution is 1 —not Diana, but Christ. She has set her face steadfastly to go to Jerusalem. With some'of you this is the moment of decision. Christ or self, Christ or pleasure ; which is it to be ? I will follow, God being my helper: or "I will follow, but." I 