CORRESPONDENCE. We are not to be held responsible for any opinion expressed by our correspondents. OUR SHIRE COUNCIL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE CHRONTCLE. Sib,—On Wednesday I sent a letter to theShirv Council pointingout the necessity .of enlarging a certain drain on the Kil uoorat raid. The Council very ton descendingly passed a resolution allowing me to enlarge this drain on certain cou° ditions. I consider their resolution not only insulting to mo but impertinent and not worthy a body representative. In order to sh..w that I havo nothing to do with the drain in question requires soiuu explainati.ni. S..me 35 years ago the then Council made a road across my fl*t from opposite the hi]) to the Darlington road ; they made a large culvert on the road to allow the escape of the water th:it came from tho Cloven Hills estate. From this culvert they mada a drain for home 10 or 15 chains, then allowed the water to flow on my land and instead of ruthing to law as people do in nowadays in such cases, I extended the Council's drain for about 2 miles in a straight line until it intersected the Kilnnorat road ; there I left it and this is the water that runs over the road now. To show that none of the water from my land is carried by this drain it is banked on both sides all the way from the above mentioned culveit to its junc tion with the road in question in order to prevent any overflow on my land. Seeing that none of the water from my land is taken away in this drain, I do not think I should be called upon to carry the drain i Further than through my own property. i A matter of some £lO would enlarge the I present drain sufficiently—if it can be called a drain, for it is only a ghost of one. It should have really been enlarged when the road was being formed. The water used to ruu over this road for years past, but as it was iv iv natural state there was no notice Liken of it, but now that the road is formed it is a pity to allow the formation to be de stroyed for the sake of au expenditure of a few pounds. When the Council's atten tion is drawn to tho destruction of the ratepayers' property, the matter should be enquired into carefully before passing such a stupid resolution as was done on Wednesday.—Yours, &c.; P.M'Arthur. M eningoort November 8th, 1895. 