FICTION. DR. JOHN'S SECRET. At ono timo no man from tho outsido world wob bettor known in our Squaro than Dr. J ohn . Ho wasour medical man, generally In at tho birth and. always in at tho doath. So long as wo had him wo noeded no dispensary doc- 4nr. Of nmirftft hn ehftrond for Mr vinttn nnrl medlolno, but then his oharges woro mo9t moderate, and ho seldom got his fees, so that in tho long run ho was oven chpapcr and cer tainly moro rellablo than his oharity brethren. Many a little fovorish sufferer, tossing on its sick bod, was soothed into rest by his patient attention and tho stroke of his gentlo hand. He was as a woman In bis tenderness. Moro than onoo, when death had been moro than conqueror, tho toars have trloklcd down his obaoks as ho spoke comforting words to tho sorrowing ones, and whero the need was groat he saw that they wanted for nothing that money oould provide. Many a spirit- racked mortal, trembling on the threshold of tho un known, went out bravely to the valley whenco comcth neither ooho of volco or footfall, whilst holding his hand, for ho was sympa thetic to his finger-tips. If ever a good man camo to tho Squaro surely it was Dr. John. Ho was ono who might havo thought aloud, so transparent was his mind as 6een in his faco, ana so olear and steady wero his oyes. Bo far as we know, his waB a perfect cha- raotor. Yot outsido appearanoos aro dooep- tlvo; illusions aro not always propheoies of truth, for it Is in man to sohool himself so that tho real is nover visible. Human naturo has a tondenoy to weakness despite tho pro- eence of a spiritual eloment, and again and again we mourn beoauso of an Eden lost. Looking at Dr. John it would bo difficult to imagine that he bad a turned down paga in his fife history, the reading of whloh would bring the blush of shamo to his cheok. Yet it was so, and they who would care to know may read on. How times flies. It must be five summers stneo that Sunday afternoon when Dr. John turned into the Square to soo Mrs. Kennedy's boy. Tho Httlo chap had got his leg broken on tho previous day, tho frooturo had been temporarily set and bandaged, and the doctor wished to satisfy himself that everything was as it should be. " How's your patient to-day?" asked some body in a group of neighbors as he was leaving tho Square. " As well as you can expect anyone to bo who has been la exquisite pain for four and twenty hours straight on end," was his reply. As he got into tho trap, ho exohangod a fow moro common-plaoes and then drove away up the road. " Tho doctor's in high feather to-day," Oraig remarked, and tho other men conourred. Thoy too had noticed that tho doctor was in unusually good trim. Then tho conversation drifted Into a discussion of Dr. John's virtues. Dr. John Dofau was In good spirits, and tho reason was that a month of probation had come to an end, and ho was oven now on his way to learn his fate. If the truth be told, ho was pretty confident as to whioh way tho wind would blow. Suoh love as his roust melt all opposition, and, besides, she had said nothing that might lend him to expeot other than a favorable answer. " Leave me for a month and I will think over what you have been saying ; but remem ber," sho had said, looking at him with her earnest oyes, "I promise you nothing. One thing I am oonvinoed of, and that is you lovo me." "Love you, Isabel " further he could not get, for words woro too mechanical to con vey tho doptbs of his feeling. For a few. moments he had stood in gloomy silence, then he said, "Four weeks of 6uspenso— will nothing short of this do?" " Nothing. It Is too long for you to wait ? " " Isabel, I will wait years if need bo, but do not.banlsh me from your presence." " Are you afraid of your love withering?" " Withering— but there. I see you aro de termined. Well so be it. Ono month to-day I will be here to olaim you." " No, only my answer." "Well then, your answer." The weeks had come and gone, and now at the end of the time, with a heart full of hope, ho was on his way to Ponteland to hear tne words whloh were to make or mar his future. Again he stood in tho garden— his Eden he called It— and Isabel was by his side. The murmur of the little river was in the air, and from tho reddening troes oame a ohanoe bird noto. As they walked and talked, these sounds harmonised with their thoughts and words; as they turned, tho after-glow fell on them, a shimmer of rosy light. Suroly in its significant beauty it was tho lovo garden, an Eden whore the man was finding his help mate—his soul's counterpart. " So you have loved me a long time," sho said, dreamily. ' Slnoe our first meeting." And that Is—?" "Two years ago. How long have you thought about me ?" " That Is a hard question. I nevor seem to have thought about anyone else. You aro my ideal, and I oan soaroely tell when or where tho dream passed into reality." "Novor raiod, sweetheart. You lovo mo, and that is enough. That is all X need to make me tho happiest man alive." " But I am only a dreamy, impractical woman, full of strange whims and fancioB. Now, for Instanoo. I am wondering what you were before you knew mo. What you thought about, and whom, Did you never lovo anyone but mo ? Is thero In your lifo a hidden corner into \thich I must never pry?" sho snid, play fully, as she looked into nis faco with charm ing yot peculiar earnestness. " Isabel, " he broke out a little petulantly, " what do you take mo for? What should I have to hldo from you? My life has been open and above broad. Faithfully I have Btriven to do the right." " At all times and always ? " " Yes "—hesitatingly ; " that is, generally." He dared not lie direct with those Intent eves fixed upon him. Hor gaze was research-light which was moving out and in through overy nook and oranny of his being. " Oh, thon you havo made mistakes— a mistake. Was it very serious ? " Ho reddened as ho retorted : I confess to no mistake," "No, John; but all the iawe, you have made one; and suoh a serious one that yon cannot or will not toll it to me." " . "Everybody in Newcastle has a .good word forme.. Tbo.breath of scandal has never ab mneh as been ratsfcd against mo." Ihavolived boyond reproach.". Sho simply looked at him, aad ho saw that sho was hurt ; evidently sho did not credit his avowal, and ho colored - up. Tho hot words camo to his lips. " Ara I speaking falso ? " The tears woro dimming her eyes as sho turned to him again, and In a low voico and slow coming words, sho said : "John, I loved you — I lovo you; but you must leavo inc. Go, and may God holp you to do tho right. Go. Good-byo." " Isabel, hear roe— do not send mc nway thus. Nover a roan in tho world would be moro devoted than I. iBabol," ho pleaded, as ho hold out his hahdB and grasped hers, " I cannot, I cannot go. Tho past is only a ghost; believe mc, only a ghost." "Does it como betweon us?" sho asked, with a directness whioh would not admit of any equivocation. " No," ho faltered, but his answer con demned him. " John, go ; be the man God intended you to be, and I will pray for yon. Good-bye." Isabel turned and loft him standing in tho garden. The same garden of an hour ago, but no longer' an Edon. His radiant happi ness was good and oven yet tho sky was aflame with ruddy glory; but as bo stood tho glow died away into the silvery mists of twilight, and, 6ave tho wash of tho river against its stony border, no sound broko the stillness. What was tho uso of his staying ; sho would not seo him, would not listen to him. She had spoken ; it was for him to obey. Her command Jiad been "Go." That meant— and ho knew It — from her proBonco. Ho was no poltroon, but ho winced as if a lash had curled about him. Full of misery,' ho looked round on what was now a Gcthsomanc, The very nir Bcemcd weighted with his sin, and tho burden was almost groatcr than ho could bear. Within him was raging n storm of conflicting sensations. To go fne was loth ; stay ho could not. At last bo tore himself away. At the inn whero his horso was put up ho ordered a glass of brandy, but flung it away without tasting it. " That won't do any good," he said to him- self; "but for that— who knows what might " And ho lapsed into moody sllenco. ' , Tho horso was left to Itself; for Dr. John's thoughts wero back again to tho scone in the garden. A dozen times he said, " She loves mo and will roleut," and just as often come to tho conclusion that her verdiot- was Irrevo cable. Once, indeed, he stopped tho horso to return ; but the utter folly of suoh a 6tep soon deterred him. " I will write hor and tell her —no, not all. Sho will think it all, and heaven knows it is bad enough.. Oh, Isabel —oh, Isabel, if you know all, would you pity me? Yes, I will write— writo so that it would melt a heart of stono." Ho called in at tho Squaro as ho returned, and whon ho spoko to Mrs. Kennedy, It was only to say, "How is the boy to-night?" Sho did not know his voice, and told him so, say ing that ho must havo caught a ohill. " A ohill I. Yes, I have got a ohill," and ho laughed bitterly as he remembered how in tense tho chill had bees. "Tho dootor was not himself at all," Mrs. Kennedy reported to a neighbor who dropped in to see her son. " Iu fact, he looked quite poorly." Ho looked no worse than ho felt. In tho qulot of his own study tho ovents come up before him with startling foroo. Hor jesting words, his confusiou, her scorching glance, her tragio command, and his just as tragio appeal— what a complota reversal of the tableau ho bad pictured to himself. The writing to Isabel whioh ho had pro mised himself was more diflioult than he bar gained for. After two hours of stress and strugglo ho gavo up tho task as hopeless. It simply could not bo done. He gathored up tho sheots and burnt them, wishing from tho bottom of his heart that his memories could havo been as completely annihilated. A week passed by and anotlior Sunday come, but it brought no Sabbath calm to his troubled mind. What an eternity of mental pain that week had been 1 No wonder he was haggard and unnerved. But ono thing was certain— ho would sco Isabel again ; sho would hear him, she must listen to him, and then Tho day was a mlnorablo ono— so different to tho last, whon ho had gono over tbo same ground with jubilant spirits ; .but it was in unison with his mood. Thero was a grim satisfaction iu him to behold the drenobed and sodden aBpeot of the troes and fields and tho droop of the flowers in tbo gardens ho passed. Tho pictuicsquoness of tho rural village was replaced by a gonoral dojootlon. Tbo river was muddy ; for tho nonco spirit of beauty had gone. "Yes, Miss Isabel is at homo," tho maid said, showing Dr. John into tho sitting room, whore Miss Isabel was. " I havo come again," the dootor said, wearily, as ho dropped into a chair. " Yes." " Aro you not glad to sco mo ?" " That depends." " Woman— Isabel— havo you no soul ?" he cried out passionately. " Havo you done what you ought ?" " I have done nothing, but I have como to tell you my secret. I tried to write, but could not. For pity's soke do not misjudge me." "John," Isabel said solemnly— " John, I neither judge nor oondemn, but I do— I do want you to play the man. That is the only way by which you can retain my love— if, in doed, yon wish to have it." " You shall hear," said tho dootor, as he sottled down into the ohalr with his eyos fixed on the fire. " As you know, I studied in Edinburgh, and studied to somo purposo, as my degress will prove. I bought apraotioe there. It was out of this that my sooret arose. I had as a student got connected with a rollicking set — men who took their wines and sowed wild oats. But Isabel, I pledgo you my honor, beyond an occasional excess In liquor, I was not with them." " I beliovo you, Jobq." "About this timo a patient oamo under my care. Ho was a wealthy morohant, wlio suf fered from what wo call a fatty tumour, ono of tho fibrous type, in his nook— not a dan gerous thing in itself, and only so from its situation, It would gradually dovelop until its roots cmmcshed the throat, and tho patient would be suffocated, tbrottlqd, so to speak. By improving bis general health, I hoped to absorb the growth Into tbo system ; but it re sisted all my efforts. An operation was de cided on, and successfully carried out. I got the fatty mass beautifully excised from tho network of arteries by whioh it was sur rounded. It was as nice a bit of work as I had ever done. My hand was steady, and my head cool, for with tho operation in view I had taken no stimulaut for a fortnight. I war proud of my skill, for the case had re quired very dclioato handling; but U was over, tho wound was bandaged up, and as tho patient was free from the iniluenco of tho anesthetic, I was freo to go. Our men woro having a dinner that night, and roust needs go, and as usual, tho liquor circulated freely, and I took my shnro with the rest of them." " That is to say, you got drunk." "No, Isabel; I was stopped bofovp I got that far. A messenger caino in hot baric to say that my patient was siukiug fast. I rushed from tho room as I was— did not oven stay for a hat. Llko a madman, I tore through tho streets and arrived at tho houso in less than ten minutes. Calming myself with a big effort, I went to tho sick room. One glanco at tho man sufficed to show his dangerous state. Under ordinary conditions, though very grave, tho caso was one whioh nerve and skill could cope with, Innmoment I had learned from tho nurso when tbo.bloed- ing had begun; and how sho had tried to stnuneh it without success. I paw what was Decenary, gave bfj « few hurriedinstwctioni, and then I bont down to. try to tio up tbo artery. But my hand -shook llko a leaf ; I so bungled that matters wore mado worse. With a ghostly fear at my heart, -I saw the life cur rent flowing oat before me, and I was helpless, powerless to. prevent it. With a sigh, fol lowed by a convulsive shudder, tho man died, and I was his murderer." Tho doctor looked white as he 6a! staring into tho fire. For a-momcnt or two thero was silence. -Then ho passed his hand ovor his chin and said, as uo turned his dreary oyes towards her : ' " Well, Isabel, that is my secret. Do you pity mo ? Can you give rao what I havo wanted ? " And thero was tbo hungry, hunted expression in his faco of ono who nad lost or missed something In life. "John," (her low clear voice vibrntcd through him; ho was conscious of her mag- nctlsni), " John, I pity you as much as 1 lovo you, and would, oven in spite of what you havo told mc, love you ; but you havo not told mo tho price whioh you paid for your secret to bo kopt." "For my secret to bo kept?" Dr. John gasped out, and then he recovered himself a Httlo and laughed a queer sort of laugh. " Not a farthing, I assuro you." "You aro trifling with mo. There aro other payments than money." 1 Again ber oyes wero upon him. Do as ho would, be could not esoape that ponetrating glanco. Driven to dosporatlon, ho cried out, 11 Will nothing satisfy you ? Nothing but my com plete humiliation? Oh, woman, whero is your pity— whoro is your lovo ? You would wring tho very hoart from mo. Think what I have suffered. It has becu a martyrdom to me. Day and night I have been haunted by tho past, and- yet I have never again given way to temptation. Oh, Isabel— Isabel, lot what I havo told you bo suflloicnt— allow all else to bo hidden." " If our lives are to bo united, I must know all ; it is for your good. John,' I moan you wclh Do not toll mo if you would rathernot. But if not, then you must leavo rao." " I thought lovo was merciful." "Love, if truo, is just and also merciful." Outsido tho rain and wet leaves woro pat tering against tho window, and tho wind sounded eerily among tho garden trcos ; in side, tho room, savo where tho firelight fell, was wrapped In shadow. Dr. John followed tho firo glow as it diffused into tho gloom, and saw it light up tho soft grey dress of the girlish figure of the woman who had brought him to tno bar, and it fell on her faco, a good faoo — kind, but full of determination — with oyes that Rpoke at once of pity and purity, truly windows of hor soul. Then tho glow tracked up to tho low ceiling, showing out boldly a pfctuyo of Prometheus chained to his rock. Hero It was that his oyes rested. W&b; ho not Prometheus, chained to a rook and surrounded by a desolate, lonely sea? Was not tho dirgo in his cars? Had bo not called aloud for somo living thing to break in upon his solitude— something of form and of life to come into tho unutterable dreariness of his outlook. And tho loogiug had been an swered, but not as ho had prayed— not a heaven-sent angel, but a form of evil, whloh pocked at bis eyes and thrast its talons into his quivering flesh, and' aggravated his misery? Was "riot tho awful agony of that chained man his ? In the same way, was not bis heart being laid bare and tortured and tho cords of life strained and racked beyond human ondoranco ? Ho had asked for lovo, and what was this ? Oh, that he had never mot her — that ho had never loved her. " Isabel," the words were thoso of a broken man, "is thero no other alternative— will you not sparo rao?" " Tell mo tho price you paid the nurse." " She saw what had happened, aud knew tho hold sho had over me, and demanded that I should marry her." "You refused ?" " She persisted, and I Was weak with horror and unnerved, and Iyielded, and there in the death-chamber, with a dead man osawitness, I took her to bo my wife. That was the price I paid. Thero was no other ceremony." 11 But that was binding enough ? " " In Scotland, yes. She made my life a porpetual terror to mo with her Habits and ncr temper. Sho was a fury, and drank con tinually. We had onoohila." " And it is—: — » " Dead." " And, of course, sho is dead, too ? " " No, Isabel, she is alive ; but I have not seen her for three years." "" " John," Isabel snid, and he could seo that her face was wet with tears. " I am heartily sorry for you ; you have gone through more tbau your share of trouble," and rising from her chair sho bent over him and kissed him. " God knows I would have done muoh to holp you, but I cannot do what you ask. Oh, I cannot — I cannot.". "No," ho shook his head, " I suppose not. Woll, this Is the end of the dream." Tho wind and the rain beat pitilessly upon him when he left the "Black Bird" and drove off Into tho darkness. How dark it was only his despairing heart knew. It was to him as if tho very forces of naturo wero oombining with thoso of circumstances to drive him out of tho world. Ab ho argued a grim determination to defy fate and see tbo end of it took hold of him, and ho felt a fierce joy in battling with the storm. Ooroo what might thero would bo no moro shrinking. In somo lives how strangely events do happen. There is no God but chnnoc, say some. Thero is no such thing as chance 6oy others, and assuredly coincidence does not explain everything. When Dr. John got home a telegram was waiting him, its message was brief.- " Mrs. Doran is dying, como at once." Wot though he was, the doctor went off and was in tno nick of time to catoh a fast train through to Edinburgh. Ghitled to the bone and tor mented by oonfliotlng emotions, be lost no Umo in getting to tno part of Edinburgh whero his wife lived, if In fact she still lived. It was in High-street, almost under the shadow of Si. Giles, that he found the houso he wanted. Quiokly ho climbed the stairs and entered a wretched room. An old crone was seated by the fire smoking, and she an swered his inquiries. " Mistress Doran, oh, she dce'd twa 'oorB' sync. She's ben there." Sure enough she was dead. In the dim morning light, with the hush of death about him, Dr. John felt his resentment against the dead woman fade awny. At last ho was frco, free from a curse which had so bitterly blighted his life. So thankful was ho at tho rolcase that he stayed on till sho was laid beneath the sod, Another Sunday found him on the rood to Ponteland again. He called in at the Square on his way up to see some of our people, and they saw the same blythe Dr. John asof yore. The pressure was removed, and his spirits had risen. He eould joke with his patients and tell them funny stories. Ho was de tained in the Squaro to welcome a little stranger, but now ho was on the move again.- \- " Oh, thoso babies," he 6aid to us as ho passed tho group at the wall corner, and then ho drove rapidly away. It was after six when he got to Ponteland. Misb Isabel was not at home. Sho had gone to church. No, ho would not wait, ho would take a walk round and call later ou. Crossing tho bridgo he entered tho ohnrchyard, and throwing himself down on tho river bank ho lit S cigar nnd lay there in supremo content, nurs ing his happiness. IIow charming it was, the subdued musio floating out from tho church and mingling with tho peaceful murmur of tho Pont nnd tho sighing of tho wind, and how soothing to one who had been tossed on the waves of a stormful passion. Ho was in a haven of rest at last, and hnd no wish to leave it. In tho quietness of tho summer night tho vcico of tho preacher was audible. During a paiine in his thinking Dr. John distinctly hoard tho words "Out boyond the hill of Calvary was a garden.1; Ho know without acknowledging it that it was here that incarnato love was tried and tested, and found not wanting. There had baen io hii pari both an Eden and a Gctbsamcnc. Would < there be a Cal vary also, where love would be supremo. To tho unrest and mlsery of his life would ho he oblo to say, ."It Is finished? Henceforth the book of bis days would- hold no secret— but tbo secret of a deep, sweet peace. Again ho was in the garden. Ho would meet her hero, amoog tho ' flowers, the troc- shadows; whero the glory of the weBtering sun was 'slanting down to tho water's edge, and she would givo him an answer. Tho rustlo of ber dress brought gladness with a rush to his heart, and no went for ward with outstretched hands. "Isabell" "John I" "Then camo a hush liko a benediction on his spirit as ho said softly. ' " She is dead — I am freo ! God has been good to mo." As ho looked Into Isabel's faco and saw the light In her oyes, ho 'become aware of her thought boforo it was voiced. She loved him I She was his. With her band resting on his arm sho walked by his side till tho shadows deepened into a dusk as solemnf as lovely, as tho deep and sacred mystery- Love. At last, after many days, Dr. John bad come to his own— tho realisation of his heart's desire. 