SAN _INTERESTING STORY. ITA'S MYSTERY. By Ella Oheever Thayer. CHAPTER I. 1\V, sir, would you S have any objec tie ns to loaning y?uriself for a few hlouis ?" F1 itrk Lorraine, ihurrying toward his lhotel with the result of the afternoon's sketching under his arni, stopped short in utter amazemen at this unexpected and singular question. Fro1m out the shadow of an old, ivy covered church a female figure stopped into the faint light of a now moon. She was enveloped from head to foot in a long, dark cloak, but under the largo hat lie could discern piquant, girlish features and curling lmasses of fair hair. As soon its hit had suniciontly rocoeresd frotn. his surprise to reply, he said, politely, "If you will explain your meaning, I can tell better whether I shall be able to meet your wishes." She moved a step nearer, as if feeling encouraged by his response. He noticed an air of recklessness about her, which had in it no boldness, however. "I hope you will not refuse," she said, politely. '!If you will do what I ask, it will save" me from a terrible predica- - mont." Frank was : only twenty-one, and at that age a mysterious adventure is especi ally seductive, particularly when a young and pretty girl is concernied in it. There -fore he began to feel a desire to "see it out." " I shall be delighlted if I can be of any ervice to you," he said. " What am I to to ?" Sheo lesitated aitnomant, thenresponded •vith a question. "Firat allow me to ask if I ani cor "oct is supposing you to be a stranger here T' This so.unded suspicious, and he re turned guardedly, " I have been here about a week on a ,ketchiug trip." ".Then you are an artistl II thought The exclannmtion came involuntarily ironl her lips,and had a girlish ring, seem tug more nauural than anything sihe had " You kno mte, then ?" lie said, sur .,isrd, and a Ihitlo IlIattcred. leo thought--or was it only fancy? that a deeper red dyed her cheeks as she repl'cd,- .. , "I have seen you several tiies, and your sketchbook gavo e me the impression hait you were til artist." Tihe fantttstic thought suddenly 'sug. 'ested itself to iFrank, at this, that par raps she- wanted hiit to go into -the -ahurhyar, yound r, suld sketch tihe tomlb if snitie dead love. Itther chilled by the surmise, he said brietly, . " anlt merely an satateur." The infortuittiou seemed to mlke little .utprcssio, for swithouthheudin,. it. she 'Do you'leive this towsn soon f" .I w.as intendingto lgo to-miorrow." INi )thing euldl O be better!" sihe cried, with alt ol iteln'that he didn't quite fancy. "Everythting wil b- all right it you will play a part for a few hours, and keep my Sterit[ ianvsiolate." : "Play a part l"' h echoad. "What It sueemed ail ei;lrt for her to reply, but ;iually she hurled tu aunswer at himn reck Iessly, " rlhat of imy usuand I'" Frank :staggred' backward, ard hli hiandsutio -browin eyes alhmost started front their sockets at these astounding words .'Tis was s?luetthing +uite different fron his tombstone theory, but dec.dedly more appalling. SHe could nrot speak. Tile unknown young girl, as though relieved 'that her extrasordinary pre iposition was fairly outade, cotinued vo lubly, " l.cannot explain why I make so strange a request, or even why lI sk ouch a thin, of ail utter stranger. 'Ttat is all a part of a terrible mystery. But it cer tanutly can do you no harm, and will save Iio." The bewildered young man took if his hat as it to cool his distracted head. She watched him with great anxiety. "Where-and when- do you wish me to personate-the clharacter?" hoiequired, at length. " 1 want you to go with mie to the h!lrtue of a friend, where you swill see only t few people-all strangers to you-up pearing as if the cereuoly had just taken place here in the church ; rlemail there asi hour or two, then come back to this spot with me, and leavinig me goI your way and forget all about the whole I affai.r." She detailed the plan with great eager Frank, as lhe listetned, recovered fromn smi stounned conditiou. and confessed to Istuself that shite was caking nothiug un pleasant, certainly, Ilrwever amnazil. .m we old aud ugly it would be diffeo .. W ao - a., io tlatl't sue \llynesanould not consent. Biut his curiesity was greatly piqued. " Can I not know what this dreadful miystery in." toe asked. "Impossible !" she cried. " That must remain my secret, anti you Itust swear never to reveal even the little you know. Frank hesitated only a moment longer. "Very well," he assented, then. "iI place nmyself at your dqisposal." "Ahu! tihank yos, sir, so much!" she exclaimsed, in accents of joy andti relief. "It will ill be over very soon, and I Iholie you will excuse the gre'at liberty I have taken in "tsking this assistance fro:m a etranger. eclieve me, there was noathin else to be dolen." "I ami glad you didi not hesitate to ask me. Of courseyou will tnot wonder at my natural surpriaeaud hlesitation," he replied courteously. "As f',r that, I expected you to be tlomroi,.hly dtulfolrtded. I was only efraitd 'f your refusal. I do not know what I shal ,l harc lutoe hadl you not allowed yourself to be ipersuaded." She made a ti:otin for hiiti to follow as saeit spoke, anll started ilt the direction ofl the graveyard. Fraik queried inwardly whether the frien::dtls of whom she s!puke where ghosts to be evoked fromi the quiet resting-places within. : I suppose," he saidl, glancing wist fully toward the dist;ant hotel, " I sup po.;se I couldimt go ald get my supper first ?" "No,, indeed! wasthls quick an swe'rt.hnut- never mind that. You will find a feast awaiting us whore we aro going." This looked more promising,he thought, I and started on after her toward the ceme tery. As he passed through the gate she glanced back, and her eyes fell upon the sketch book. "You rust not take that!" she said. "It won't look like a wedding, you know. Here--let nue hide it behindi one of these graves. It will be quite safe." Fraunk suffered her to carry out this suggestion, wonderilng at the salme time if lie had a bridal air about himi generally that ,be should have selected him for the puzzling role. lHe observed that the str.-ined-uI, fever ish manner she lail showed at first had gone, and in its place was one triumphant, almost gay. Silently they went through the "city! of the dead,"coming out on another street, which ahnost immediately she left for a narrow, dark lane." " It is not to be a feast of goblins, evidently," thought Frank. " It be gins to look nmore like an attempted robbery. This lane is just the place for that." Ino was by no means alarmed, however, and began to feel considerable interest in his strange adventure. When they came near the end of the lone, his guide, who was in advance a few steps, came back to his side, saying in a low tone : "After we arrive, follow my lead in everything, please, and do not seem sur prised at whatever happens. Above all tlings, be aure and not bctrayhow recently we have met. Your narme,'e remember, is Arthutr St. Clair.". "Romantic, certainly," he muttered. "I'll be . careful," heI added. " Never. fear! But your name? I masi k:now that, of course." She laughed-a tinkling, nmunlial laugh, that sounded singularly fascinating to his oars. c"I am 3Mrs. St. Clair," she said, with light mockery. "You may call me Its when necessary." \- Frank resolved to take full advantage of this permissicu if she proved in the light, should there be- any, as pretty as she seemed in the dark. IReaching the end of the lane, sheo took him is few rods ip a road-.where the houses were few, turned to the right, went across somebody's back yard, and brought him up in -funt of a pretty cottage which was brillianmtly- illuminated. There with a wlhispered injnction to " be cautious," sIte pulled the bell, and almost instautly the door was opened. Iti the flood of light that streamed fortl Frank saw a little dried-up, elderly lady, and, just behind her, a plain but bright looking young girl. - Both had an air of great eagerness, and . the former took his guide into her arms, while the latter asked breath lessly, "' it done ?" "All is well, eortie," replied the mys terious girl who had brought Frank. Tten; turning' to him, she bndo him enter. "This is h r. St. Clair," lthe said. "Arthur, you have heard tle speak so much of Miss Snow, and my dear friend, Bertie Snow, that you hardly tneed an in troduction." "Yet it is a great pleasure to meet them face to face," said Frank, with the utmost gravitr, as Ihe bowed low.. Miss Snow, the olds:, seized his hand in both Ihers. " Permit me to be the first to con gratulato you," she saul, tremulously. " Its is a brave girl. What has been done is right. I feel sure it is." As.Frank had not the remotest idea of -what had been done, lie only replied by a few non-cotntmmittal words of thanks, atnd glanced towards Its. Bertie Snow hall taken off her long cloak antd hat, and alshtoe stood before hinm in a droes of electric blue, liher luxuriant light hair framing an arch, fascinating face, which had no trace in it of the terrible mystery at which sIhe had hinted. lier eyes fell before his eager, in quisitive look, then raised tlthemselves with a half deprecating, half saucy, wholly itunaccountable expression;. " If you will give tme your arm, Arthur, we will go into the parlor." Frank hastened to obey, beginning to like the sound of his new lallse. As he felt the touch of the tiny white hand on his atrm, it occurred to him that his part was anll UncoIeIIIIonily agrceatule ote to play, and that lie could enter into the spirit of it readily. They entered the parlor,lMiss Snowrand Bertie following. 'f'li occupants of the rouom were four young gills, one tall, tdark and queen-like, the others commonplace. Four pails of eyes immediately transfixed himt with curious, inscrutable undisguised starens. Ita at onice introduced him. The Itand sonlte girl ,proved to be a Miss Weld, and turlned her dark eyes fromt him to Ita with it jealous, envious expression itn them which seeuted in keeping with the dark mystery involving him. After congratulations, which lie bore with a good grace, they all proceeded to thedining-room, where was the sumptuous repast Ita had promised himt. No serv ants were visible, but the elderly Miss Snow sarvaed overthini herself. ci let it oivrlertstlon, an5 was very g:y filald brilliantt. Wao it real, or was Ssite, te, t playinig a part? Frank wondered. lie noticed that she chose topics that were very general and safe. Tihe dark Miss W\eld was s the only one who appeared in the least gloomny. Nothing gave hie a clue to the reason of his being there, but, not allouwing that to disturb hiint, he abantdoned himself to the enjoyment of the occasion, and was so very tender in his imanner to Ita that more than once lie brought a blush to her cheeks. Nothing could exceed the naturalness wvith which lie spoke of her as " my wife." Theelderly Mliss Snow, who seemed to be tie presiding genius of the aflhir, was all the time in a state of palpable emotion, which sometimnes clhoked her utterances, and overflowed in stray tears. ller feel ings were so heartfelt anti genuine that Frank; while being whlolly unable tl ex plain their origin, was drawn toward her oin spirit on account of them. Once, as she brought some peaches to Ita, she bent over, aind, laying her dis engaged hand on the fair head, raid tre niulously : " I mn so thankful, dear child, that they cat niever force you to do that dread ful wrong now. A, this the brightness in the girl's face suddenly clouded with somethling that resembled shame, and liher eyes fell. "Don't take it so mutch to heart, dear Miss Snow," she murmured. " What ever happens, I shall never forgot your goodness." I "There! I have made you remlnembe·r all that trouble, and I ought not, to night," said Miss Snow, remorsofully. " BIut do not worry, deary; it can't help oomiing right now." Then, turning to the listening, curious Frank, she added, earnestly. "I am sure that you, Artlhur-for I Smust cell you so--I am sure that you are not afraid of the consequences of this , step ?" Frank- grasped the hand she extenaea cordially, as he replied, with entire truth : "I am not afraid of anything." She gazed a moment admiringly at his handsome and manly, if somewhat au dacious features, then at Ita, as tliough the sight of the comely p.air was a joy; and, smiling through tears, she passed on. The others had been mute witnesses of this scene, which all evidently under stood, and which made Miss Weld scowl. Its seemed unable to recover her spirits for a while, but glanced sideways at Frank. and finally gave a little hyste rical laugh, after which her vivacity re turned. Tihe repast over, Its took leave of her friends, and, much to Frank's regret, pre pared to depart. lie was enjoying himself immensely, and had no -desiro for so speedy an end ing. As they stood in the hall, Its once more enveloped in the long cloak and laroe hat, he thought it was decidedly hard to be so soon deprived of a lovely creature, whom lihe had called his wife for two hours. Miss Weld was morose to the last. The other girls, pleased and admiring, but awe-struck throughout. "f B very, very prudent, and Heaven bless you !" said kI as Snow, in a lachry niose adieu. " Well, what is the programme now'?" asked Frank, rather disconsolately, whens they were again, .out in the street. "Nothing, except that you are to go back to the church with me, and then go your way while Igo mine," she answered gaily, walking on. lie did not like the prospect at all. .The end of the adventure was tile only part to which he objected. "Did I succeed to your satisfaction " he asked. " You couldn't have done better," she replied. "You were really'perfect." Something that sounded like a smo thered laugh reached his ear with the last word, and emboldened him to say: "Then may I not claim a reward for: my services, Ita ?" She turned her head from him, saying freezingly : "Sir, the time in which I gave you the right to use that name has passed." "I beg pardon," he humbly spolo gised. Without answering, she hurried along still faster. Frank maintained a rueful silence un til they were near the old church, when he broke out desperately: "Please do not be offended with me for mny carelessness. The name bo come so familiar that it slipped from my lips." " You are excusable, but do not forget that we are now strangers." * S'he spoke less coldly, but formally. This time they had come around, instead of through the graveyard, and now stopped in the spot from which they had started. " At least let me express my pleasure at having been able to do you a service," le said,determined to detain her by some means. " You have been very, very.kind, and I. ani-g -atly" indebted to you," she replied, her stiffness relaxing. "Don't speak of that-I have been fully repaid ; but," he added audaciously, "1I do not like such a speedy end ing." She tapped the ground with her foot, and half laughed. "You are curious to know what it all means, I suppose 1" she ques tioned. "I asm human, Mrs. St. Clair." This time site laughed outright. "I wouldn't mind.tellingyou all now but-no, I would not dare." "You have trusted me thus far-why not trust me further " lie urged. "-I !niglht be able to assist you still more." "Oh, no," site answered, shaking her head. "You have done all you can, and I had better tell you nothing. You understand, of courso,that only a terrible emergency could have forced me to act as 1 did '" She looked at him appealingly, and Frank reassured her upon the point. But he felt his head whirl. This girl, one moment so full of gaiety, and up parently undisturbed by a single care, the next the heroine of a terrible mystery and desperate with sore peril, was it per fect ensigma to him. " 1 ans sure of one thing-that Mlis, Weld is a part of your mystery," he said. "You are right, she is the bottom of it all. How did you guess ?" " Her looks betrayed her." " Sure enough, she did seem glums." The puzzling being by his side spoke these words in a tone of the greatest ,atisf.otion, and laughed again. " lhatever sale was, she was un deniably bewitching," thought Frank, and the idea of losing her entirely was most obnoxious. " tin I never to see you again, or know if what I have done effects your purpose 1" " I hope there is no possible chance of our ever lmeeting again !" she cried, as it alarmed at the thought. Frask was much wounded at the reply. After two hours' assumption of a tender relation such a quick chlange from the ideal to the real was chilling. " I am afraid I must have made myself very disagreeable to you, since you are so glad to see the last of me." "Oh, no! indeed no " she said, quickly and contritely. " But under the ctrcumstances, don't you see, it would be dreadfully emnbarraising were we to meet. 1 am sure I should like you if I knewyou -it isn't that.'" " Yet somethlnig may come up in the future so you will rneed mne again--some result of to-night's proee-.diu.s that you do noit for's.-.." hie suggested, with eagerness. "Let me tell you miy name anid '-" " I had rather you wonhtl iot," she in terrupted hastily. "But-" She paused irresolute, thought a mo ment, and concluded impulsively : "If you will comae hero a year from now, at this hour, if it is possible I will meet you and explain overything." With these words she turned hurriedly, not waiting for his reply, and glided away. ile started to follow, but checked him self. "I will be here," hlie called after her, his eyes watching the retreating form wistfully. The darkness enveloped and swallowed it soon, but the breezo brought back the words: " GCod-night and good-bye, Arthur." u'othling was left for him but to find his sketch-book and go to the hotel. A night's sleep made his evening a's ex perienco secs very dream-like. Yet the Ipiluant face of the mysterious Ita was too real in Isis reuembranco to be a Svision. The strong desire tofiud some key to so baffling a mystery made him remain another day in the town, instead of re turning home as he had previously in tended. He found the lane through which he had passed, but could not identify any particular house as the one to which he had been taken Nor did hlie, in his saunterings, catch any glimpse of Ita, or dark Miss Weld, or even wizened Miss Snow. He deemed it a point of honor to make no inquiries. and finally gave up the quest, paying a farewell visit to the old church, and heaving a sigh of regret to the memory of what he termeds his short but happy nmatrimonial ex perience. Shortly after his return home, Frank went abroad with ia paity of young men, all, like himioelf, ambitious to become workers in the lield of art. CH1APTEI; IIt. Frank, being the -only son of a wealttb father, had ample meanus to stony and gratify his taste in this direction. iHe was absent about ten months, during whichhis peculiar adventure was relegated to the background of his mind, but never wholly forgotten. When at last he re turned, sun-burnt, a beard, a»id an added maturity, so changed him that at first his father did not recognise lim. - Now that travel no longer occupied his thoughts, the "'fair mystery,"' as he called Its to himself, took a more vivid place.. The time was drawing 'ear when she had promised t0 meet him again by the church, and tell himi all. Would she keep her word? Would hlie ever again have the privilege of calling her "Its ?' He had never told anyone of the singular event, perhaps because lie hoped to soume tinie have the story complete. " One night, soon after his return, he went to a party given by soime friends of Harry Meade, one of the comipanions of his travels. -'-o glad you have come, my boy," said Harry, bearing down upon him directly. "I wanet to introduce you to a friend of my sister's-she is always getting new cliuns, grows tired of every one in a few weeks. But this Miss Fules is more captivating than all the rest put together. I w;nt to make a study of liher face." " Where is she ?" asked Frank, who, being a great favorite with the young ladies, had so many acquuaintancesthat he was not very eager for new ones. "Just opposite-near my sister, dressed in white. Do you see her ?" "The tall girl with brown hair-" " No, no-just behind lier." As his wandering eyes rested upon the young lady his friend indicated, Frank gave a start, and uttered an exclamation of amazement. For the bewitching face he saw, framed by fair hair, was that of the heroine of his adventure L. "-What is the matter?" questioned Harry, curiously. Frank recovered himself quickly, and explained that she resembled souse one he had once known. Then, his syes spark ling with anticipation, lie asked to be in troduced at once. As lie followed Harry across the room he questioned him in regard to her, but all he knew was that she had just graduated from school. His sister met her at a summer resort, where their friendship commecnced. Would she recognise him, Frank won. dered, remembering the change inJtis. "appearance. IF'Iffl" idd not, lie would?-. wait, before revealing his identity, and see what discoveries lie could make. He succeeded in assuming a most sub limely unconscious look as lie bowed be fore her. She was chatting vivaciously with Mliss Meade, and returned his greet ing carelessly at lirst; then, as sie took in his features,shie became more interested and an expression of puzzled inquiry crossed her lovely face. " It almost seems as if I had seen you somewhere, Mr. Lorraine," she said smilingly. "Indeed ! Can you remember where?" asked Frank, with anl imnnocent air. "That is the perplexing part of it.'; she replied. - I ami quite puosiive we have not met, but there is a familiar look about your face some way." " I can account for that," broke in MIiss Meade. "You saw his picture in the group Harry has, taken after they came back front Europe." (Conarlrddd in Our Next.) . 