DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION. OONCEBT AND TABLEAUX. Tbe Academy of Music last night was crowded with a fashionable audience, as sembled to take part in a concert and tableaux in aid of the funds of that ex cellent institution, the District Nursing Association. The inaugural work of the performance fell to MisB Milne, the matron of the General Hospital, and to Miss Josephine Collins, and the success of the en tertainment was an exceUent tribute to the managing capabilities oi tbe two ladies, From the opening scene until the curtain was rung down on the ' Midsummer night's dream' tue interest in tbe talhavx was most keen, and each was accorded liberal applause. There was an admirable blending of pretty scenes, in which appeared handsome yonng UvlieB, incidents oi pathos, and rollicking humor. The first, ' Queen Esther,' was characteristic, the centre ugure having a decidedly queenly appearance. A beautiful and pathetic ecene which must be accorded the palm followed, and was entitled ' The angel's serenade,' the characters being taken by Misses Leary and Collins. The former lady depicted a dying beauty, and sang a very effective parting before surren dering to the angels hovering round her couch. 'Defendant and counsel' was a strong and effective scene, shoving decided character. The title of 'An but not so the talleau, for no one would be frightened by the handsome ghost that appeared on the threshold. ' De old banjo' was quaint. Mr W. Savigny sang the title soog whUe Beated, surrounded by a bevy of buck niggers and coons, who chorused the plaintive ditty. The darkies also took part in a new rondering of ' Over the garden wall ;' the scene depicted being a party of negro Berenaders surprised by a school of boyB who snowbaUcd from the friendly shelter of the garden wall. The ' Japanese girls' were pretty, and, if .true characters, would give a reason for Japan beiDg an attraction to touriBts. A sad scene, with a decided touch of melancholy was ' The gamester's wife.' ' I Pagliacci' was well staged — a tribe of strolling gypBieB, some on foot and others iu a flower-bedecked cart drawn by a grey pony. LaBt, the young people were which fairies, elves, gnomes, and other mythical characters were indiscriminately posed. During the tableaux there was a udicious blending of songs, for which Miss Kate fticnaroson and Air w. w. inornin walte played the accompaniments. Miss Beatrice Ferguson was in splendid voice, and ehe was accorded a flattering recep tion for her numbers, presented with characteristic sweetnesB of tone and tune. Her first number -was ' Hush, little one,' foUowed by the encore BOng, ' Pierrot,' and the second number was ' The valley of the sea.' MisB Leary, the possessor of a very sweet and well-trained voice, made sucn an impression on the audience by her rendering of ' The old and the young Marie' that she wsa forced to respond by singing ' I waB dreaming.' Mr Fred. FerguBOn gave ' Beauty's eyeB,' ' Father O'Fljnn,' and for an encore ' Simon the cellarer.' An item not on the programme was a song by Mr GilleB, a viBitor possessing a good voice. Mr W. W. Thornthwaite rendered his favorite song, ' The King's highway,' and he was forced to repeat the hut verse. A signal for applause was the appearance of Mr W, H. Savigny, and after he bad given 'Grand- mamma's story'; in his original, humorous style he had to satisfy the clamorous de mandB of the audience by singing the 11 Polka and the choir boy.' The entertain ment will result in a substantial addition to the funds of the association, and the ladies who have taken tbe primary move are to be complimented on the successful issue. 