NEWS AND NOTES FOR LADIES BENo unable to attend the'lecture delivered by the Rev H BR IHaweis, on Saturday evening," entitled Modern Ghosts. 1 was anxiously looking for a report of the lecture, but was disap pointed when I found only a short sketch. This was to be regretted as the nature of the subject was of in terest to the general public and not alone to mediums, as the writer of the fragmentary notice infers. The Rev gentleman is evidently only an invest igator and not thoroughly at home with his subject, such at least I should infer, as he is made to say, "that on one occasion when a spiritualistic friend of his was about to leave the earth, he asked him to come back from the other world, if he found it possible to do so; he clearly had not found it possible, for' in spite of all his promises he hal not yet put in an ap pearance." Now, 'this clearly proves that MIr Haweis knows very little of the conditions necessary forthereturn of a spirit, nor does he understand that his spirit friend may yet return to him under conditions that the Rev gent?-. man is not acquainted with. iHere think "a little knowrledge is a danger ous thin . ' = dnythin that I could te ling as quotions'hall rem a very able lecture delivered by Mr B C Nayler in the Mechanics Institution, Melbourne, Nov. 1869. The reading of the lecture has given me much pleasure, and his fearless reas.,ning are irrefutable. In treating on Spirit ualism, he says, "Lgive me but a little mire lime to become master of the Spirit- philosophy and I shall do my best towards satisfying the growing desire of the public to know more of its intrinsic value; for, although I esteem it the greatest blessing ever bestowed upon man, I must uardl against damaging the success of the Cause by any inadvised dissertations upon it; for Spiritualism, is net a subject to be treated lightly, as it demonstrates the immortality of the soul, inaugurates a parer theology, a much deeper philosophy, than man has hitherto attained-while its steady growth in the minds of the present generation, points to the gradual and certain approach of the long-promised era of Peace upon Earth and Goodwill to man. What is Spiritualism and Who are Spiritists ? Spiritualism em braces all truths relating to moan's spiritual nature, capacities, duties, welfare and destiny-all that is known, all that can be known, relative to other spiritual beings and to the occult forces and laws of the universe. It is not restricted to any sect 'or party, but is emphatically lcatholic. Every one who holds to the fact, that human spirits have a conscious personal ex istence after they have shuffled off the mortal coil and can and do manifest their existence, communicating to those still in the body, under suitable conditions is a Spiritist-no matter by what name he mav be called amongsst sn-and lie is surely aj ar ýtscpatsr in mere heavenly enjoyments than falllto the lot of materialistic free thinkers, or creed-bound religionists; for, be luxuriates in sentiments and feelings the most refined, purifying and elevating.. And here I may not inaptly mention, that the communi cations receive.i from the Spirit-world best ample and direct testimony to the Oneness of God and the unquestion ableness of the humanity of our elder brother Jesus. Bat my hearers what shall I say of the pulpits? that openly, insult their avowed Lord and Master? that actually deny Jesus having been one of the greatest spiritualists that ever breathed? How, have these aspersers of the character of Jesus of Nazareth, read their Now Testament? I confess myself astonished at their ignorance and shocked at their irrev erence! If they have the assurance to tell me that they believe the Gos pels, the Acts of the Apostles, the Epistles, I shall unhesitatingly toll them-I don't believe you! because spiritism is interwoven all the way through the New Testament. Those who believe the Scriptures, cannot resist believing that Jesus himself was a spiritist, and that after his crucifixion and burial he was seen and heard and felt as a spirit, and was as clearly seen and distinctly heard, and as palpably felt as when he was in the body: that he appeared again in bodily form, until the most unbelieving were, convinced of the reality of his presence, and that he appeared instantaneounsly and also instantaneously vanished. Now, if our pulpit teachers do not, can not, will not, believe in spiritism, then the sooner they throw over the four Evangelists into the fire, the better: but, let them rather be men, not cowards: let them with one and ,the same breatb,ýtellltheir congrdegatidn, that spiritism is only a sorry delusion and Christianity but a cunningly de vised plan. I would ask our pulpit disbelievers in spiritism-Do you be lieve that Saul of Tarsus "saw a light from Heaven, above the brightness of the sun?" and that he "heard a voice, saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? Do you believe that Paul was impressed by spirit-influence, when he clairvoyantly saw the gaoler draw his sword to kill himself, but from which rash act he was restrained on hearing Paul cry out" with a loud voice, do thyself no harm for we are alt here?" Do .you believe that when ' Peter was sleeping between soldiers, bound with tire chains, that the Angel of the Lord came upon him and a light shaies in the prison, and he smote Peter on thie side and raised him up, saying, arise up quickly, and.his chains fell off frbom hoe hands." II you !beieve" these Scripture statements then you believe in spirit seeing, spirit healig?eRnd spirit touchinsg and if you believe that in the fourth watch of the night, cesus went unto his dieciplee, "walk ing on'the sea," and.that Peter also walked on the waetor,' thenyou believe in-the power of spirit attractien to keep material bodies from sinking as:Jessi was borne from the wilder ness to thd pinnacle of the temple; and as Ezekiel was floated through the air to Jerusalem From the crowd of evidence given in both the Old and New Testament of the existencd of spiritis'1, I infer, that whoever says he believes the Bible and at the same time says he, disbelieves in spiritism (whether he be Iomanist,'Protestant or Dissentient) knows not, what he says, nor what he believes or disbe lieves. Roger Bacon, a Franciscan Friar, born 1214, died 1292, a profound scholar (the accredited inventnr of the telescope) disturbed thle lethargy of the Church, by his scientific discov eries and bold communications. By his Seership under the controlling in telligences of the spirit world, he pen etrated into the mysteries of life and peered through the mists of inter vening ages; he seized upon the occult forces, and by his inventive faculties he adopted their practical uses. As a matter of course, Bacon was shame fully and cruelly pers'cuted by the clergy, many of whom have, even down to our day, manifested. their love of darkness rather than light. Roger ,acon was highly mediumistic and especially gifted with" the Dower of discerning future events. A few of his remarkable pro hecies sere uttered -years ego, 0 practical modern it entions. "Bridges unsupported by arches, will be made to span the foaming current-Man shall descend to the bottom of the ocean, safely breathing, and treading with firm steps on the golden 'sands, never brightened by the light of day-call but the sacred powvers of Sol and Luna into action, and beholld a single steers aan sitting at the helm, guiding the vessel which derides the waves, with greater speed than if she had beern propelled by a crew of mariners toiling at the oars-The loadeid chariot no longer encumbered by the panting steeds, shall dart on its course with restless force and rapidity-Let the simple elements do tihe labour; bind the eternal forces and yoke them to the same plow." Here we have the Suspension Bridge the Diving Bell, Steam Navigation, the Rail Road end the Steam Plow, all accomplished re alities of our day. LIok what the'world might have gained 500 years ago had priestcraft not encceeded in extin guishing the light just 'bursting upon the world in the person of Roger Bacon; but cried down as a "magician," a "heretic" and an " atheist," by a progress hating clergy. Whoever dreads the spread of spirit ism let him tremble, for never was there a movement in the reli gious world, which can he likenei in celerity and expansion to the spirit intercourse movement, in the short space of twenty years, 20,000,000 have embraced Spiritism, the greatest blessieg God ever bestowed on man! for spiritism will soon root out sect arism end establish universal love and brotherhood. 