Love in Leg Irons. A. (J. H.\r.Ks, " SMII.KU.' Some people would have called the clay warm, but the man standing by the door of the hark hut far hack beyond Mount Margaret ou the slope of a barren- looking quartz range, did not. ventilate his feelings that, way. he called it d hot; hut then he was only a half-educated newspaper reporter, a nomad who hated men, and despised most women, and loved little else in this world hut dogs, and horses, and little children. lie was one who had once believed in the nobility of manhood, and the sacred ilame of friendship, and had fooled away his best days and his brightest chances endeavoring to aid in the establishment of that creed which has the brotherhood of man for its back- bone, until he realised that all women are actresses, and all men liars Then he recognised that lie was one of lite's failures, a rotten bit of broken wreckage on the coastline of life. That was why he was working in the hack- blocks of the golden West instead of moving as lie might have done amidst the temples of his broken idols in the big cities ot the East. But he was not thinking of those things this day as he stood with the bridle hanging loosely over his arm, whilst the good grey hack stood with heaving flanks and drooping head close beside him. He was wondering who and what manner of man had built that cabin in such a spot three hundred miles inland from Coolgardie. ' Must have been here for many a long year.' said the scribe, talking to liis good grey comrade as if he at least credited his horse with sufficient sense to understand and appreciate his remarks. ' Don't look like a digger'shabitation nor yet a settler's. 1 never expected to blunder upon anything like this in these parts. Fancy the best thing for me to do is to knock again. It may be only some rum-sodden beggar's shanty after all, and I may have been wasting a lot of sentiment over a drunken sot.' Throwing his reins to the ground, he tilled his cherrywood pipe, then sauntering up to the slab door lie kicked it hard and often but no answer came: from within. The visitor sauntered back to his horse remarking, • The beggar that owns this camp is either dead, deaf, drunk or departed, so, old man, we'll prospect round on our own account.' The horse understood enough of the speecli to be aware that his day's labour was at an end, for he whinnied slightly and thrust his velvet muzzle into his master's hand for a caress ; for this man who loathed his fellows with a deep and bitter loathing had plenty of room in his heart for his equine comrade. In a few moments the saddle and bridle were lying in a heap on the ground, and the wayfarer started to prospwet round the outside of the premises, his horse following him like a dog. At the back of the cabin then 1 was a well-worn foot-pad, whichseenied to die away in a clump of gimlet, trees a hundred paces further down the hill side. Down this the stranger and his horse sauntered, and as he entered the oasis the man uttered an ex ehimation of pleasure, and the horse threw up his lean clean-cut head with a gesture of delight. ' We're in luck for once,' said the pressman. ' Here's water and plenty of it. Dip your lnuz-le into that soak, and diink until your Ilanks crack : it's many a day since you've had such an unstinted task',' and the horse did drink until his dappled hide seemed ready to burst, his master lolling idly against, a tree trunk sino'-.ing his pipe the while. When the Lootl anim;;I had appeased his thirst, the n.an patted him fondly on his shapely neck and turned him loose to work his will upon the wild coarse grass that gre« in abundance round the spot, then he marched deliberately up to the hut. lifted the rude latch attached to the door, and crossed the threshold unbidden. The room was larger than the ordinary run of such places, but it was not the size of the } 1 ice that hold the reporter rivetted to the doorway, lie had expected to see a run of rough slab walls, a dirty lloor, a course bunk covered with kangaroo skins, and all the usual gear peculiar to a bushman's shanty. But lie saw a large low room, tho walls lined with kangaroo skins, the lloor covered with the soft coats of the emu, a neat bed stood in one corner, upon which a man lay sleeping, and in the centre of the room stood an artist's easel, all around the walls of the cabin unframed pictures hung, and over the bed an old-fashioned rifle rosted in a sling. 'Devilish queer sort of camp to strike ' muttered the reporter, if 1 ever put this into print people will say that 1 lied, or that my brain has softened a bit under the influence of the bush and brandy bottle. I'm an unbidden guest and possibly an unwelcome one also, but I'll chance that and arouse the bo«s of this hack block attelier. He walked across to the bed, his feet, falling noiselessly upon the wild bird skins, and stood over the sleeper, a man with hair long and white, and soft as the sand on the shores of a salt lake. The face of the ligure lying before him was brown and wrinkled, but marked with unmistakeable hieroglyphics that nature places upon the countenances of men of brains. A beard as white as a virgin's conscience drifted down over the.shrunken chest, falling with the untrained grace of the wild wattle Uower. The sunlight from the open door fell full upon the still features and lingered upon the rough small wrinkled hands. The reporter placed his hand kindly upon the brow of the sleeper and let his tingers play for a moment amidst the furrows that had been traced too deeply to be the mere handiwork of time, then he spoke as men who are in the habit of moving much alone in life do speak. You have thrown a seven, comrade. I have come a day too late, and I doubt if you ever looked as peaceful in life as you do now that you are prospecting in the land of shadows. Wonder who the devil you were, and how such a fellow as you seem to have been, got here, not even a dog for company, not a nigger tor a servant, nor a. black or bronze beauty for a slave." Touching the dead lace with his hand again ho laughed a low, hitter, mocking laugh as wheeled away, then he turned again saying, •• I'll shake hands with you old hermit, for if I'm anv judge of things you and 1 can claim to be brethern in one respect at least, we belong to life's failures, and both lived long enough to realize it ; vou've pla-ved your last card and are at rest whilst 1 have a whole handful to play before I can quit .the game, and know that every deal that conies mv way will be Worse than the last. But, who the deuce were you ; 1 w: nder if these pictures wdl tell me your story. I le turned to the easel, the paint upon the canvas was still damp, the brush lay just where the dead man had dropped it on the still moi.sl pallet. It, was the portrait, of the recluse himself, old, grev, weatherstained and rough, but the anguish on the face that lived on the canvas was absent, from the sculptured features of the dead. The pressman took the picture fii>m t he easel and hung it upon a nail prepared for its reception ; by the artist, then he turned to the next picture, it was a scene depicted with unusual power and feeling, an old man was st audi ng bv the hodv of a dead horse ; in his hand he held ;i still smoking revolver, nothing but desolate hush, barren, weird, ghost Iv a nd grim surrounded him and t lie face Was the face of t lie sleeper oil t he bed in the corner, hut \ounger. the ligure was mop' alert, the eves keener, the head less grev, but still the face carried that look of haunting agoiiv which conies to some men, ai (iod abides with few. T 1 next represi n Ml the sai man, but. younger in v ars, a nia in his pri , dressed in the •b of a felon, ch; 'd like a ho id, siending on i he ; ol Fivnia le hay amidst, a crowd of jeerin: spectators. The pressman looked at it long and earnest 1 y, and nun rinered. " so that was his secret wa it — poor devil." Then he moved along to the next link in the impressive but silent chain of evidence. The same man was standing dressed in the garb of a British Naval Officer, looking down upon the dead body of a murdered man. A poisoned potion was in tho dead man's hand, horror and innocence was on the face of the sailor, whilst crouching by his side with guilt in every line of her lovely face, was a woman of amazing beauty, lifting beseeching eyes and clasped hands towards the one man who knew her guilty secret. On the face of the officer love, loathing, horror, pity and compassion all were blended. The reporter moved to the dead man's side once more, lifted his soft felt hat as if an emperor lay hefore him, and taking the cold hand that lay nearest him in his own strong clasp he said sadly, " so old man the secret you have guarded so faithfully for half a life-time stands revealed before your clay is cold. You were a son of the sea, who in your hot youth loved a woman wedded to another, and perhaps she too, loved you, God kn^ws. She poisoned the man who placed the marriage ring upon her finger, and you knew it, and suffered for her crime. Some men would call yon a hero, others would dub you a fool ; but hero or fool, no eye but mine shall look upon the relics of your sufferings, of your glory, and your shame. Your ashes shall mingle with the ashes of every link that binds you to the past. Then he turned from the spot, kindled a fire by the dry log walls and watched far into the night as the cabin blazed, then smouldered into one big ghastly pile of embers over which three spirits seemed to float, until tired out with watching he stretched himself upon the hot earth and slept, and even in his sleep he laughed — laughed at the mockery men call living. 