CORN FODDER FOR MILCFT COWS. A silo (says E E. Rnekwood, in the American Agriculturist) undoubtedly is a valuable adjunct jo the a»o<Jern dairy, bat it is not indispensable. The cost ot con struction, the comparatively abort time of usefulness before -replacing it with a new one becomes necessary, an4 the uncer tainty to the inexperienced builder of the ensilage being properly (.reserved debar many from building one. Tbat cornstalks are the most valuable of all forage erops for (be food of miicb cows is more clearly demonstrated «ith every passing year. After an experience covering a period of 15 years in feeding cows far the production of a maximum amount of butter at a minimum cost, I have no hesitation in saying that com fodder, either as ensilage or dry. is pre eminently my first choice. A load of well cured cornstalks is eqanl to to a load o( the best clover hay as a butter producer, while the cost is not nearly so great, whether grown or purchased. Some dairy men prefer to know just bow much grain their oows are getting at a ration. Tbis can be positively known only by feeding it separately. Cut stalks are much preferable to un cut. Tbe convenience of feeding and handling the refuse, aside fro>n the fact that tbey are eaten more closely, recom mends the cut feed sufficiently to pay for tbe extra expense of cutting. A second hand horse-power may be bought for a few dollars and will do the work of fur nishing catting power for years. I gave 15dol. for a 10-horse power which hss been in use for that purpose as well as cutting wood for nearly 10 years and is atill in good order for work. Four horses furnish ample power for running it, al though we sometimes use more. It gives them needed exercise in winter when they would not be doing anything elsp. We usually cat enough at once of the dry stalks to last about t«o weeks, piling it up in a convenient place near the co*s. This feed is mixed with bran, oat', and com meal-gluten meal hss taken the place of tbe corn meal of liite to our entire satisfaction-in alternate layers and well moistened This is then allowed to stand 12 to 24 bours before feeding. A place with a-tight floor is needed, where it can be enclosed on three sides like a bin. The mixture .will be qo<te warm at tbe end of 12 hoars* and is eaten with hearty relish. A sprinkling of salt, if care is exercised not to use too much, improves its taste to the "rob w*. This food, when the grain is bought jn quantity, or raised on the farm As well as the cornstalks, produces a large yield of butter in winter »t a cost not ex ceeding 12 cents, per lb. Its value de pends largely upon the quality of the .talks.. The stalks are cut while still green and put in good sized shocks, the ears husked as soon as dry, and the stalks housed at once. No bleached- out, weather-beaten, over-ripe stalks can make «? good feed as those properly cured and cared for." Corn; both stalks and grain, is pre e ninently the crop for the dairyman to use, an » e¥eryooe who keeps cows should grow s sufficient quantity to last um-1 spring. Gluten-meal, as before mentioned, is found.to be an excellent substitute for cornmeal, which in reality it is, the fat producing elements being partially elinii nated,..yet those constituents -which pro duce a good flow of milk are retained. From the middle of July until April 1st, corn fodder is the dairyman's main depen dence if be rightly appreciates it, and plants e sufficient amount to Jast daring ha period. A return asked for in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly of the re trenchment made by the Dibbs',Ministry, shows that on the plea of retrenchment 372 officers were dismissed, while 1,578 :were appointed. The pastor of the Angelican Church, Foxton, (says an exchange) has been agi tating because he cannot get his stipend, and the congregation are flying at one another's throats to locate where the blame lies. One speaker at a recent meeting on the subject said a fellow \ churchman did not subscribe enough to wash the minister's surplice, which im plies either that the garment went fre- j quently to the wash, or that the first speaker was the reverse of liberal. Another speaker put the blame upon the fact that the standard required of a pastor was too high-far above the altitude that humanity could dwell in-and quoted the remarks made t.y the previous occupant of the pulpit, that "the congregation would not be satisfied if they had a minister made to order, and that if one were sent from heaven he would not suit one of them," and so on, and so on.. A correspondent informs the -Matura IZnsiyn of an experience he had some years ago on a steamer bound for Auck land from America, closely reserobl'ng that of the Wairarapa. tut with a different result. As it approached New Zealand, making straight, as the Captaio believed, for the entrance of the Hauraki- Gulf, the ship was inveloped in fo^. The engines were slowed down to the lowest, i lie fog whistle kept sounding, and an anxious look-out maintained. Those on the watch observed a part of the fog blown aside for a little, and there was, to their horror, the top of a high rock, towering above the vessel'* masts, and only a ship's length or so before them. At once the engines were reversed and the ship steamed backwards to a safe distance. They at length made out that they had been carried close to the to the rocky shore of the Barrier Island. The ship reached Aucklafid in safely, bus there can be little doubt, that had it been driven through the fog at full speed a dis aster would have resulted like that of the Wairarapa. A remarkable accident happened to a man named George Robinsoo, old Skippers' miner. It appeirs that he was walking down from Skippers to, Maori Point on Wednesday night, it being dark, and when on the lower side of the hut of j a Cninaman named Wong Gone, he | walked over a cliff of about 1,000ft. high, and after falling a distance of poaie 700ft. he landed in some bushes. About 300ft. from the top bis bat was found, and 150ft. further down bis handkerchief, the rest of the distance (250ft.) was through scrub, during his pa-sage throuah which the whole side was torn out of one of his Wellington boots. Robinson remained in this place till 7 o'olock nest morning, when he discovered by some of Mr i W. L. Davis's men who were working on ; tbe other side of river and heard him call ing out. With the assistance of Dominick Leyden and others he was got up by ropes, and brought down to town yesterday,-and is now under the care of Dr. Douilas. He sustained 8 fracture of bis collar bone, and some fearful cuts on the head. Robin son is a ra'her el(?ely niaf, w<igt>ing about j 14 stor.e, and i-s resident in the district ! some 21 years. The ncciuent was n most providential escape from death. Robinson is .in a very critical state, but it is hoped, with care, he will yet recover health aud strength. Habit is second nature, and it is very difficult to get a man who has returned from Coolgardie to wash himself. One of; tbe returned prospectors staved for a few days at the house of a farmer near Tarnagulla. He slept in the same room as tbe farmer's son, and waited patiently while the lad washed himself. .Then he proceeded to perform his ablutions io the same water. " Don't use that water," said the boy, " its dirty ; get yourself some more out ot the tank." " But where shall I put this?" "Throw it away." " Throw it away? Why, how much a gallon do you pay-? Dash it all, I thought I was in Coolgardie." A strange accident befel Mr Whymper, the famous mounta'n-climber, who had sealed many almost inaccessible heights without injury. He was to lecture in Liverpool on his experience; anl fell wbile ascending the staireaBe leading to tbe plat'orm. H>s collar-bone was frac tured, and the lecture had to be aban doned. Two young men were summoned at Swansea for damaging the communion rails in a church It appears tbey were in love with the same young lady, and as she was leaving the church they rushed to her side, and in the struggle which i ensued the damage was done. A widow in Paiis was so haunted by the fear of encountering her dead hus bend's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a successor would keep tbe apparition away. The dead body of a man takeo from the Seine was identified by a woman as that of her bnsband. She had the corpse carried home and placed on the bed sur rounded by candles. It was a caso of mistaken identity. When the husband returned he was enraged, and, had he not been prevented, would have thrown the corpse from the wiudow. DEAFNESS COMPLETELY CURED. Any person suffering from Deafness, Noises in the Head, &c.;, may learn of a new, simple treatment, which is proving very successful in completely curing cases of all kinds. Full particulars, including many unsolicited testi monials and newspaper press notices, will be sent post free on application. The system is without doubt the most sucoessful evrr brought before the public. Address: Aura Speoialist, Albany Boildinge,. 3d, Victoria street, Westminster, London, S.W. At the Kimberly mines a strange dis covery is said to have been made. Two diamonds were found embedded in a piece of wel!-pre8erved wood, unearthed at a great depth from the surface. On split ting the block a cavity was disclosed to view, in which reposed a living specimen of a tree frog. DEAFNESS AND ISOISES IN THE HEAD <:ured at the patient's home. ThiB Illus trated Edition also treats on the Care of . Catarrh, Bronchitis, Asthma, Extreme Stout ness, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Rheumatism .by Medico-Electricity. - 4d. BEIGHT, Pub lisher, 20, Bathbonerplace, London W., Eng- j land J. T. Hearne, the Middlesex pro'es .ional cricketer, who is one of the fastest bowlers , in the world, has accep ed a proGtable engagement froni the Mabara-. jah of Patiala.to coscli his son in oar national game, and give some instruction in cricket to the natives of India. There are 362 exhibitors and 1,3(,0 machines at the Stanley Cycle Show at the Agricultural Rail. Amongst tl e novelties is a bamboo cycle, nkiilt welched only 22 lbs, and liad been ridden 1,000 miles. r"-^' A London widow, aged 87, died from a broken heart, through overstraining her self in fastening the battons of her grand daughter's dress. It was stated that such a death was only known to have occurred once before. 