THE DEAN CASE. ForLowmr the sensational developments which o curred in regard to the Dean case on Saturday, matters on Monday were reduced to a quiescent stato. There was nothing of a sensational character revealed, and the detectives in charge of the case devoted themselves throughout the day to the work of preparing the case for the Crown. M?ossrs. Crick and Meagher were at their office during the greater part of tile morning and left in the afternoon, pre sumably to enjoy the holiday. They had' nothing fresh to communicate with regard to the ease. Dean was at his post on the North Shore Ferry Company's steamer Wallaby, which travels between Circular Quay and Mosman's Bay, and went through with his work as though nothing in the world had happened to disturb his tranquility. It was suggested that his presence on the Wallaby accounted to some extent for the enormous number of people who travelled down to Mosman's iluring the day; but whether this were the case or not, it was quite. plain that those who did patronise the boat showed an unmistakable desire to catch a glimpse of the individual whose case has now re solved itself into one of almost universal interest. In regard to the announcement by Mr. Crick that he intends to speak in the Assembly this (Tuesday) afternoon in regard to his arrest, it may he men tioned that Mr. Crick will probably find himself debarred from doing this, as the case is sub jeudice, and it appears to have been the invariable prac tice in the Assembly in the past for the Speaker to refuse to allow matters in this position to be discussed. Whilst it is possible that several further arrests may be made, it is certain that proceedings will be taken against a fourth' individual if he can be found. ., warrant has been issued for his arrest, and a nmnber of officers were throughout Monday endeavouring to trace him, but their efforts were unsuccessful. The individual in question was not in any way connected with the alleged poisoning transactions, but it is surmised that while he was cognisant of Dean's position he took an active part in the agitation for' the appointment of a Royal Commission. On Monday afternoon Detectives Hinds and Jones proceeded to North Shore and spent several hours in endeavouring to find a witness for the Crown. The oflicers were extremely reticent as to the nature of their mission, and so far the name of the person for whom they were searching cannot be ascertained. From what can be gathered, however, it is believed that the witness they desired to interview is identical with the person who wrote the note to Sir Julian Salomons which contained, it is said, some very im portant information. The man was away from home holiday nimking, and the detectives again visited his place in the evening, and succeeded in interviewing him, but with what result has not transpired. It is said that this person is in posses sion of some extremely important facts bearing upon the alleged poisoning transaction, and that his evi dence is likely to be of a sensational nature. Detectives Hinds, Jones and M'Lean, who have been entrusted to prepare the case for the Crown, were busily engaged at the detective office for about two hours on Monday morning in making a thorough examination of the extensive bundle of documents seized on Saturday afternoon at Messrs. Crick and Meagher's offices, in Phillip-street. The detectives, who give every credit to the accused solicitors for the manner in which they assisted them to make the search of the offices, were too busy on Saturday to minutely examine any of the papers, and therefore took possession of every document bearing the imprint of " The Dean Case," removing them to the detective oflice in Phillip-street. The papers were found to consist solely of notes in con nection with the defence at the Police Court and at the trial at the Central Court, notes from the acused Dean to Mr. Muagher, letters from Dean written in gaol to his personal friends and to his solicitors, letters of congratulation to Messrs. Crick and Meagher upon the successful result of the Royal Commission, &e.;, bat nothing of any importance was discovered. No additional information can be obtained in regard to the confesason of the chemist. The docu ment is lying' in the Attorney-General's Department and the full contents will be kept secret until the court proceedings. It is known, however, that Smith confesses to having given arsenic to Dean, and that Smith goes into the minutest details in connection with the transaction. The Crown proposes to call a number of witnesses for the prosecution : but the principal evidence will be given by SirtJulian Salomons and the chemist Smith. In view of the fact that in a poisoning case in another.colony whore arsenic was burnt traces of the poison were discovered in the soot, itis probable that the detectives in charge of the case will give instruc tions for tihe chimney of Dean's late dwelling to be swept, and that an analysis willbe made in order to ascertain whether any traces of arsenic can be found. The whereabouts of the chemist Smith has been creating i considerrible 'amount of'curinitiy. After he made the statutory declaration attested before Mr. C. Delohery, S.M., in the presence of the Attornoey-General, the Inspecotor-Genordl of Police, and Detectivo Hiunds in the Attorney-General's office on Friday night, he was allowed to return to his home at North Shore. On Saturday morning, however, before the warrants wore executed, he was brought to the city by officers of the Crown Law Department, and informed in effect that it would be necessary or advisable for hirm to change his place of abode, at any rate until the case came on for hearing at the Police Court. Arrangements were made for his accommodation. It is supposed by some that Smith is detained at the Detective Office, or in one of the Government Departments; but, although the detectives in charge of the case are the only porsons who are aware of the exact whereabouts of the chemist, it is believed that he is temporarily residing in one of the suburbs. The Premier denies .that he was " fairly stag gored" or that he turned as " white as ea ghost," or that he " hastened to the telegraph office and had a conversation on the telephone," because Mr. Hugh Taylor, of Parrataattr, had asked him, "' What about the Dean reeo ?" The fact was he had heard of the arrests before he left town for Parramatta, so that Mr. Taylor's information that the arrests had been effected was stale news. Therefore he was not staggered. Neither did he excitedly hail a cab and drive to the station. The proceedings instituted against Messrs. Crick and Meagher and Dean were not taken as a result of Cabinet consultation. Tire responsibility rests with the police, who acted after obtaining advice from the Crown law officers. This is the official explanation. As a matter of fact, the Pro. mier was not, it is stated, aware of what was done until he heard of the arrests through the ordinary public channels. He had no previous information of what was contemplated. It is known that it is the intention of the Crown Law Department to proceed against certain other ppersons whose identity has not yet been disclosed. They will be harged in the same terms is the persons already under arrest, and it is confidently stated that the arrests will include somen people holding highl positions in the city. Their namnes tcan only be conjectured, and it is stated that they are not known outsido the Crown Law Office, even the detective police being unaware of their identity. Men who should be well ilformed on the subject, however, state that it is very probable that some arrests will take place this (Tuesday) afternoon. WVell- directed inquiries have elicited thie fact that the opinion is held by the ofliers ii charge of the prosecution that a very strong case can he made out againet at least two of the accused. It is stated that Mr. W. C. Goddard will be an importaut witness for the prosecution. The chemist Smith will be the chief witness, arid Sir Julian Sallocons will also, it is ucdorstood, le puet into the box. From what can be learned of the confession which the chemist has soade to thep authoities, only orio poiron -arsonic was mentiondd 'as having been supplied to Dean. This has been seized upon by many people, who attempt to show that it proves nothing, for theypoint to the faot that in the poisoning of Mrs. Dean two poisons weioe used. Bu1t it was con glusivoly shown iu the inquicy before the Royal Comnmission that there was a qusantity of stryclhnine redy to the 'ha id of any onea in Dean's house at North Sydney oq the premises of Mr: Voynton, who lifved next door. It will be readily remembered that the strychuino that stood ori a shelf in a shed in Woynton's yard for so long, and which was after the poisoning buried in the yard, occupied a proe . noneat position in the evidence before the commissicon. And the hbsence of any trace of arseonuj haeing been sithie tho reach of Deabn sos (a no small measure rcspoitblelo for t!he edisceuteng of the fuot of the strcyehniiiso being accessible. " Wire id'to dofrud d ?i' o repDorter asi;Od Mr, Orioki-" I sh·all'ddefebddm)ilf,l'' he." Ciioek it6rtdd; " and it seems to aue that it will be a pretty eOasy task. At any rate, I have not the slightlest fear of the result." Mr. Meagher says hb has received some 40 or 50 telegrams from various parts of the colony expressing surprise at the arbitrary action of the Crown. MIr. Barton aund probably Mr. Edmunds are to defend him, and they will be instructed by MIr. Levien, who is conducting the case, 