The Labfly Club. The u?uial nueeting of the uiellibers of theclili? wat held at Flynn's \Wasli out on Tie?sday evening, when tlln ('Chairnan anouniiccd tlat, thlis heiing a time of self-denial on behalf of the (llospital, lie did not Ipropose to levy 4he usual line.s. Members cou(l tihus ci!eep their monely and give it to the "ntullnrta s co(lectors. " I, eg, protest," s.id the I) 4reeati'y U"er:n. '"ThW is carrying self-denial altogether too far. Ate we not to have any refreshment this evening :" " The river is convenient atnd \-- (retty hilgh this seitao," suggsted tlhe Idiot. Yes,. too high altogether for per Ctoses of rterr+-inient," said the I)e (,recatory P'erson with a shudder. " I notice," remarked the tconf. viast, '" that the Idiot has denied him. .self Iilliardi. It looks like a luble sacriice., lht when I tel you that lie alhays wins, there's not much ill it.' If yiu could coneive," said the 4diot, " what pure delight I thderive from Ieating the otlher fellow:, anid seitng hinm upay for the game, you Trouln't dlheide tny little tffrt." "'liThe Chairniii has denied him :elf tobacco,, or at least has decided riot to lprchase aniy during the fort tight,'" lbserved thal e ard Case. "I il(ln't think the Iospital will score very heavily iit tlhi instane, as lihe i. never seen to bring antything except a pipe to, our meetings, iand a good ,hi cadgiig Licverpooler' at that." ''I '"hal have t?o ue the last speaier,'" egan the Chairmta. " at least tesutyt.----- " inesisi rf, h girf,"leeifull ejaecatIe: fie Idiot. S " S they ar,." s:aid the Chairman avily. I ani hellols. Pulint 4inmo will culme." 1, '" u wider if thI (ov?ernulment,, : aid t;ie Ir eful Orel, "really iitendls ' pan 1 i? y legi.ntin fur the beIn elith ' ' f 31shurm." ilnt itlibuti titte,' (sied the riavelled, Pirn, that we iegut tI give up x:lexeitit atyhin g frtom leh Gavertetr titiu' lii farty yeari palt teadere ,f tl:i?o?ht hal:;Ite ien ridircunlitg 4um bflliy o thel peulde oi tlIm in. ha(( lking u, tie (vrerrnmeut fur iit"ll1~; e ila erlere ilrect:io, n(lllll O?f 41h .overnetI't o:n thi tl],r lhand in , .sapling th imlelartlenlt, .?If-re li an ' ",,;i? r:"~ ~ l a Imhm chnt "lrrmh:\l . lstfl , of'h S" 'i'drit rlf the n"til y u dliug in "" A *,a?e in l1dt" sail It.e 'T\ r. ;idyle. I laePiis te.l at the Austrahasin Cotnintir n oif lrdt't ,[ : 4rowers, Iehi in Elilhura last y'?ar. .and at the Ifah.irt ic;tventit, tlhi ezr, Wll SOuav, l "nr ?(le l the lighe f day bultt bit' the enteririsue ouf let ,,, ewipatiers. Ili ea:rlh ease it had ' ieen expected that lhe (ioverngeut wiuhil iiblish these ialers, Int the tnlitiipation w:ra never realsed. A .<ugre's wae held in the iiddle of last muith in Souih Aushaliai. and the tuter.' and iliseisshtt were pujit us lengihyi al iiuse at either of *4be ,:oir?'tiiitsi iiaiiied, yet the S.A in'ean, which ii .n instilutin i tnaag~ed by enthl.tiants, instead ii , y (isvernmeut uthicials, hba the full , -r'lnrt 1rinted aml circulated in .m gun?hlet form within three weeks. (jrdtjimtsr last week," remarked thi iueful One, "has cainuseil Ie It "Th.t is the moat extravagant comrplimoent," oai the Idiot, I have jet heard paid to a new?rpaper article. You took a terrible lisk in venturilg 4o tlhink, with that rickety headl Igiec. of yours. lILt you scam to Miave Sirviced it. What did you think, anyway ?" "I crefer," said the Iueful One, "to the use of locusts as a food. WVhy should not the newly organised cannery tako the lead in this matter, a?d. put up a few tons of locusts for sport in canr and glass jars. I ptpe this suggestion will be brought >efore tile directors of the Corn iany referred to." "'ihere is one advantage labout rour sugge-tion," reniiarked the Ieprecatory Person. "Tire locusts could be prevailed upon to call at the cannery thelmselves for treatment, thereby effecting a great saving in hathlage." " DIont frivol," remlonstrated tile Clhairman. '" It is taking at mean lrvantage o.f tihe suspension of penalties." "I dare say," said tile Troglodyte. that ihere are solie imembers of tie Institute Corumrittee whto are really proid of the fact that there is a tu111nr11n in Connectionl with that ilstitution. The fact was mlentioned to the prersenlt caretaker the other day, but as lie had not then held thle position for lrmore thanll a few weeks he lad not Ihad time toi discover tile rIlrnselnlll. Illowever, a sui,scriber who wishrd to insl ect it asked him wlheirer it was. The caretalker renlled that ire hadl lnoi t that tiue cmlle acro-s it, but wouhl look rounid for it. After the lapse of ra few days tile salloe subscriber hiappened to hie at tire Institute agaitn, whenrr tile care taker hiustled ilup to himn, with an air of colnshlerable triumnllph and a cigar box in his ilaind. " Hlere it is, sir, I have found it all right," tquoth lie. S:ounrrd what .'" asked thle sal serirer. Why. thle imuiseum. This is it. .ilst: Ilhave a look at tihe wonderful cllecltion," replied the caretaker. '" Great Cr'sar's ghost !" eraeilated tile subscriber. anld swooned as av. h\V] is the Inititute not lbroi?ghtt woere prontinentlr before the SettleCr.? asked the 'lTravelletd l'eroon. " I know there are numbelllrs of thetll iwho haven't evetn a seuspieiot that there is such a tlhitg s a hirtulating library tin Mildtlr. Ciuhld not the com minotee iue a cirnular, setting forth the hfct of ii exim.stence, statitng the principal Ihooks, the snubScritioln, and other neceesary partitnlars? If they would do so It ant sure the proceeding woMh resit lt in a largely intreasrd " Ilv-tlte-way ." asked the [ ,ono cIl;t, ;?: lan any one tell ine if any lthin"g haIs been done in conlection with Mr. hlenry Williams' propoenal that the council should make a move in the directionl of having a: road cleared tIhrough ith lIalkl e as far as its I ulllild rv, nl Oid ct Itltill e:t r witl o'herntwils to ',' It shi,:ui " work in .,ei . ,.r .. tired the I lard i.?e. -" wiih rgard to keepin.; tlhe railway (nestion alive .)r are w splietly sitting ldoun and iprmitting our undoubted claims to railtvnay colnlnnllliation to lbe totally ignored l What is the uei of the ipasltdic eff:crts that are Illdtle every now and again, if the qlltcstion is allioed to go, to sleep in the intervals ? In such a matter the etltier.; shlinhl ie persistent and aggressive all the tiiie.: \lhile everybody is asking tluci oos," said the Idiot. "let me have miy say. \\\'hat I want to know is, What lhas become of the Distillery Company that was being formed Cnte time ago? Has the lproject utterly failed, and hains the movement totally died out . If a distillers were estlnlihed it would absorb : oi:ge iuanltity of the very inferior fruit which does so untch to injtnr the raisin market. It would seen that in Mildura everything is done ii a sljasinodie ray. We hear at illmnense lnoise about a noveelllnt at one time, the mlovemellnt gets to : certain stage, and there it evidenitl lays itself down land dies." The ordinary refresln:ents beiny out of the question the imeeting ter mIinatid very abruptly. 