THE GATTliB JOBBEIt OF AWtf ASCAWIL. [liidrt i. bt-ittiN's' ''iA-Ltsi btf tiIe ir'AntiES' Afttf 0*' \- : ' i'ltE ynos'-r ^yoiir,U'1 TiiE&E; was '& cattle jo'b'b'ef once' vVhb1 \H& goihg Ib1 $ fair near Awnasbawilj and he met the good people {fairies) about nightfall on tlie way; They took him ?with them, and turned frorfi the roa'd into & lonely field in which was a large fairy fort: When they went Hi he saw a House as grand as', any lie had evei' put i'obt in! The company iik and draiik enoiitfh; SH'd tHe cb(id jieopie pressed him t« sit. at the teible,' but lie would taste neitlier food iibr drinlt; Next morniner after breakfast thev went out. leaving no one behind but their piper, whose name was Tim. . ? ' You are not to let that man out of this while we are gone,'' said they to the piper. The' jobber noticed that when they were going every one of the fairies dipped his finger in a box that hung by the door and rubbed his eyes. When the jobber thought that they were off a good dis tance he said to himself, ' I'm man enough for this piper.' With that he began to lace his shoes and prepare for his journey. ' What are you doing?' asked the piper. 'I'm going to be out ot: this,' suid the jobber, ' I think it long enough that I am here.' '? You'll not leave this place while I am in it,' said the piper. ' You heard the order to keep you here till they come back.' ' Indeed, then, you'll not keep me, and I won't stay with you.' With that he rose, and no sooner was he on his feet than the piper caught him and they went at each other. In the wrestling the jobber knoeked Tim across & tub that was standing on tlie rioor and broke his cjac'k; The p'iper didil't stir, a'fter that ;? how could lie aiid His back broke ? With that the jobber Srfrtfng td the door, put his finger in the box, and rubbed orie eyG with the linger in the same way that he saw tlie fairies do'irtg,- 'and when his eye was rubbed he could see all the fairies in the world with that eye as if they were before him, and not one could he see with the other eye. He set forward then, spent one night on the road, and as the fair was to 1 ;: ' ', ?F°^owinn day, he stopped in a house be held OH %n* ' 'round. The day was close not fat ii'nm tlie fan-,, --v thirsty, so he asked and w.ufiuaad the jobbfif *»*».. . & ford. (If ink of waters ' -nan of , ?' You'll get it Srid welcome',' S&iA; the'wu^ tlie Hotise', ' ettid Jtisft'fc watef I'd gi*et0di1hi]5,\\)ttU milk, if I dodld gU foi it, bttt I fian't \e&V;§ the cradle; as stfmetHiflg is the matter with the ehlld since yesterday. Neither I iior my husband slept a1 wink idet night frp;m taking fiat's, of him,' and he is screeching a'lwa'ys,' ''Well,' sa'idUhe jobfeef, 'I'll tafee ,6afe of the' cradle Ayhile ybii arfe .a'ftgr the m'illi:,' ah'd s'itf e ttte e'liild will hot die during thai tim'e.' The Woman tfe'iit for th'e fnille,- and' the jobber rocked the cradle, ite noticed that th'e scfeedh'tn^ was different from the crying of a child, and.cau'ght hold of the blanket to take it from the child s face ; but. if he did the child had a firm grip of the clothes and the jobber had to tear away the blanket. When he had the blanket away he saw what was in the cradle, and what was it #sure enough but Tim the Piper. The man and his wife were young people, and the child was their first-born. 'What brought you here, you scoundrel?'' asked the jobber. ? 'Oh, when you broke my back,' said Tim, 'I could do nothing for the good people ; they had no further use for me in the fort, so they put me here and took the child of the house with them.' ' If you are here itself , why .can't you hold your tongue and not be destroying the people with your screeching. Sure this is a good place you are in.4' ' Oh,'' said the piper, ' I wouldn't cry but for the rocking ; it's the rocking that's killing me. It was you that broke my back, and don't expose me now.' 'I'll expose you this minute,' said the jobber, 'unless you stop quiet.' 'I'll stop quiet,' suid the piper. When the woman eam'e ' back the child was not crying. ' What did you do to quiet him ?' asked she. _ ' I only uncovered his face and said that I'd kill him if he didn't stop quiet, and I suppose the child is in dread, as I am a stranger.' ' You might as well stay the night with us,' said the ?woman. The jobber n greed, and as the child was quiet the mother could look to her work; When her husband came home in the evening, she told him that the child had stopped crying since the stranger came, and the husband was glad. ' As the child is peaceable, I'll take care of him '~Ht ; you can go to bed.' to-???*- *+-, went t0 bed and ]eft the child with me pare..., * midnight the man saw that he their1 guest, Abouv. ? he pushed Tira and asked was growing Btefipy, ana ~ fhafc w M k ' 'Couldn't you play a tune »' woma KeeP rae 'It would be hard im me to play and iJJ ^ broker!/'1 said Tim ; 'but if I bad the pipes WQ yod'd.&op1; me iri the cradle, I might play.' '' Where are' the jnpes ?''' '' My pipes were' brought here/' said Tim 5 ♦' they are on' th'e corner of the loft abtfve1 the' fireplace.'' The 3*obbefr rose' u'p, took tShe pipes,' and fitted them together. The piper began to play, an'd: Ms- musie was so sweet that it could raise the dead' out of the grave. He was not lo'ng playing when the fatihei'' and mother heard the music, and they had nevei4 heard the like of it. ' Who is the piper ?' asked the man: ' I am,' said the jobber. v- ' When I am on the road I play often to amuse myself.'' Tim threw away the pipes, then stretched back, and stopped quiet, till morning. The father and mother were glad that the child was resting. After breakfast the jobber asked the mother had they good turf, and she said they had. 'Bring in. two or three creels of it,' said he. ? She brought the turf, and he put it down on the fire. When the fire was blazing well the mother was outside. Said the jobber to Tim, ' You were a bad host when I met you, and you'll not be here any longer ; I'll burn you now.' He went to the door then to call the mother. He wanted her to see what would happer, and not finding her he came back to the cradle, but found nothing in it except the clofhes. Then he got terribly afraid that he would be brought to account for the child. The mother then eame in, and asked : ' Where is my child?' lie told her everything. He and the woman went to the door to search for the piper, and -what should the woman see outside the door but her own chilsL She was very glad then. The jobber gave her » 1 good-bye and started for the fair. On the way he felt a great otorm of wind nnd hail coming towards him, and he stooped down for shelter under a buoh, at the side of a ditch. When the ntorm vraG paosing he saw that it was a legion of fairies destroying everything before them, tearing up potato-stalks and all that stood in their way. ' Oh, ahame !' cried the jobber, 'to be ruining poor people's labour.' A slender, foxy, red-haired man, a fairy, turned towards him, and, putting hie finger into the jobber's eye, took the sight from him. Never again did ho oee a fairy. When the fo:;y fairy went back to tht .nost» ne asked : ' Bid you Dee that man who- was v/ith li.? in the fort, the man v/ho broke the back of Tim the piper, nnd did ye hem what he said?1' *' We did not r' lf Wei), I oaw him and heard him. I took *h© sight irons him ; he'll never see one of us again.' The jiobber went to the fair, though he had but 6he i*yev , ? ......u^ ? — , ? , ? .. ? ^r^==^lU-l^L3 Anotheh highly su'ececsful embalming case (says the Brisbane Telegka'PIi) has just been reported. Mj?'.- William Houston, late of Janc-Btreet, West End, South Brisbane, died on board the s,o. Barra bool in Sydney harbour, on Novensber 12. At the request of his fiends, it was decided to forward the body to Brisbane iv he buried in the family ground at Toowong. Messrs'.- Wood and Company, the celebrated undertakers, -?i George-street, Sydney^ were entrusted to give effect to these wishes. Mr. Arthur C. J. Wood accordingly embalmed the body and it was enclosed in a coffin, and forwarded by steamer to Mrs. K. M. Smith, undertaker, Brio bane. The body lay in state for three dayo, during which time it was viewed by all the late Mr. Hous ton's relatives and friends. The funeral took place on the 20th instant, or eight days from the date of death. The process of embalming was completely successful in every particular, and without aay mutilation or disturbance of the body whatever. 