KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXII. AFTER THE MASQUERADE. By the first train on the morning following the discovery in the churchyard, Mr. Joggins, in a third- class car, went back to London. By the same early train, in a first-class compartment, Captain Red- mond O'Donnell went up to London also. It was a murky, dismal morning — this morning of the first of August, a sky like drab paper, a sultry oppressiveness in the atmosphere. It would rain and thunder presently, and clear the air pending the thunder and rain, it required an absolute effort to breathe. Captain O'Donnell had the compartment all to himself, and ample time, as the express whirled him Londonward, to think. He sat back with folded arms and bent brows ; Miss Herncastle's pale, set, cold face before him all the way. His last doubt had been removed — the Katherine Danger- field of the past, the Helen Herncastle of the present, were one and the same. He knew as well as he ever knew after, the whole truth —the whole strange story. It had not been death, that trance which had held her, but one of those mystic torpors which minds and bodies have fallen into often before—a cataleptic trance, so closely resembling its twin sister, death, as to deceive Dr. Graves. But the eyes of love are not easily blinded ; Henry Otis had guessed from the first, no doubt, what it was. Why he had not spoken—why he had let the matter go so far as to permit her to be buried, rather staggered the chasseur. Was it that he feared to find his opinion of her being still living ridiculed? or by saving her from the horrible fate of being buried alive, he wished to forge a claim upon her gratitude and love ? One or the other it must have been— if the latter, he had certainly failed, or by this time she would have been his wife. And that same night — aided, no doubt — he had reopened the grave and taken the still inanimate form from its dreadful resting place. He could see it all — the resurrectionist, the story trumped up for the servant next morning, the mysterious sick young lady, who was yet able to take midnight walks with the ''master'' in the garden — the brooding of that powerful mind — that strong intellect in the solitude of the lonely cottage. In that quiet upper room, no doubt, the whole plan of the future had been laid — the whole plot of vengeance woven. Perhaps, too, the narrow boundary line that separates madness from reason had been crossed, and much thinking had made her mad. Then had come her flight— her exile to America — her theatrical success. Her object in this had probably been to make money to carry out her plans, and she had made it. She had returned — worked her way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield — and for the past six weeks played the role of nursery governess. But where was her revenge ? What had she gained ? What had she accomplished beyond playing ghost, and frighten- ing the little baronet nearly out of his senses ? Was it worth while to take so much trouble for that, to risk so much to gain so little — or was it that some deeper, darker, deadlier plan of ven- geance lay yet ahead ? If so, then perhaps he was in time to frustrate it; and yet, in this moment there was more of admiration than any other feel- ing for Miss Herncastle uppermost in his mind. ''Has your own fate being ordered so smoothly you should be the first to hunt down to her ruin a poor wretch with whom life has gone hard ?'' The bitter pathos of her words came back with a feeling almost like remorse. With whom life had gone hard indeed — who had been gifted ?with a great, generous, loyal, loving heart such as is rarely given to woman, a heart that had been broken, a nature that had been brutally crushed until it had become warped and wicked as he found it now — one of these women formed of the stuff that makes the Charlotte Cordays, Joans of Arc, or Lacretia Borgia, as Fate wills. ''Surely the saddest, strangest fate that ever befell woman has been hers,'' he mused ; ''ninety- nine out of a hundred would have sunk under it-- died of a broken heart, a ruined life, or given up the battle years ago, and drifted into eternal obscurity. But Katherine Dangerfield is the hundredth who will fight to the bitter end. For Sir Peter it signifies little — he richly deserves all she is making him suffer, but Sir Arthur Tregenna and Lady Cecil Clive are quite another matter. There she must go no farther. This last warning she shall have— Otis may have influence over her. If she defies it, then Tregenna shall know all. The epitaph of Maria Theresa applies well to her''Sexa fœmina ingenio vie,' 'a woman by sex, but a man in mind.'' He entered a hansom on his arrival at the metro- polis, and drove at once to the residence of Doctor Otis. It was a cozy cottage, hanging to the outskirts of the genteel neighbourhood of St. John's Wood, wherein the young Castleford prac- titioner had set up his household gods. At the entrance of the quiet street he dismissed the cab, opened the little garden gate, and knocked at the door. A neat maid-servant; answered promptly. ''Was Mr. Otis at home?'' The neat maid shook her pink-ribboned head. '' No, sir, not at home — won't be at home until tomorrow — run down to the country for his 'elth. But if it's a patient,'' brightening suddenly. ''It's not a patient — it's business — important business. You don't appear to know, I suppose, what part of the country your master has gone to?'' The pink ribbons shook again. ''No, sir--he often goes-- the country, he calls it-- just that. But if it's important business, missus, she's in, and will see you, I dare say. What same shall I say, sir ?'' O'Donnell paused a moment. Mr. Otis had probably gone to Castleford to see Miss Herncastle, and no doubt his name was familiar to both mother and son by this time. If he sent in his card, she might refuse to see him ; he rather preferred to take her by surprise. ''Well, sir?'' the young person in pink ribbons interposed impatiently. ''Just tell your mistress a gentleman desires to see her for five minutes— I won't detain her longer.'' The girl vanished — reappeared. ''Missis will see you. Walk this way, sir, please,'' she announced, and the next moment he was ushered into the parlour and the presence of Mrs. Otis. It was like the parlour of a doll's house, so diminutive, so speck-and-span, so glistening neat ; and the little old lady with her pleasant, motherly face, her grey silk dress, her snow-white muslin cap and neckerchief, sitting placidly knitting, was in size and neatness a most perfect match for the room. ''You wanted to see me, sir.'' The knitting was suspended for a moment, as she looked curiously and admiringly up at the tall figure and handsome face of the Chasseur d'Afrique. ''Pray come in and take a seat.'' ''Thanks, madame. It was your son I desired to see, but in his absence I have no doubt it will do equally well to say what I have come to say to you. Mr. Otis is in the country, your servant tells me — that means the town of Castleford, in Sussex, does it not ?'' Her knitting dropped in her lap — the little old lady gave a gasp. He saw at once he had guessed the truth. ''I see I am right,'' he said, quietly. ''I have come direct today from Castleford, Sussex, myself. On the occasion of your son's last visit to that place, I believe I chanced to see him. It was in the cemetery ; you recollect the little Methodist cemetery, no doubt — just outside the town, and adjoining your former residence. Yes, I see you do. I saw him in the cemetery, talking to a lady, by appointment, I judge; rather an old place, too, for a tryst, by the way. The lady was Miss Helen Herncastle. Do you know her, Mrs. Otis?'' Again, Mrs. Itis gave a sort of gasp, her pleasant, rosy, motherly face growing quite white. There were no words needed here — her face answered every question. He felt a species of compunction for alarming her as he saw he was doing, but there was no help for it. ''You know Miss Herncastle ?'' he said, not with out a smile at her evident terror; ''and are inter- ested in her welfare. Your son did her great ser- vice once, and is her nearest and most confidential friend still. It is of Miss Herncastle I have come to London to speak, knowing that you and Mr. Otis have her welfare at heart. She must leave Scars- wood, and at once ; or else — or else, painful as my duty may be, Sir Peter Dangerfield shall know the whole truth.'' The knitting dropped on the floor — little Mrs. Otis rose to her feet pale and trembling. ''Who are you, sir ?'' she cried, in a sort of whisper. ''Who are you ?'' ''My name is Redmond O'Donnell.'' She uttered a low, terrified exclamation ; then, in frightened silence, sank back into her chair. Yes, she recognised the name — had heard all about him — and now sat, pale and trembling with nervous dread, looking at him with wild, scared eyes. ''I am very sorry to frighten and agitate you in this way, my dear Mrs. Otis,'' he said, speaking very gently ; '' and — if Miss Herncastle will listen to reason— there is really nothing to be frightened about. But one thing or other she must do : leave Scarswood, or tell the truth.'' ''The truth?'' ''That she is Katherine Dangerfield; not lying in Castleford churchyard, but alive and in the flesh. You see, I know all — all.'' {To be continued.) 