The Best Show on the Field. The little sketch we reprint hereunder from the Croydon (Queensland) Miner, published some years ago, eeeuis to us to be particularly applicable to the present position of the West Australian mining boom. It carries its own moral. He was a wry small man, but he held a lot of liquor. He was what is classical!? called as full as a tick, and without, any knowledge of classics I may eay a pretty loud tick at that. He also carried about with him a quantity of dirt impartially distributed over his hands, clothes, and faoe, and doubtless in a good many other places not exposed to public view. - He wag an object of interest in my eyes, for he was the first man I met after bearing the eound of the Company's stampers as I neared Croydon, and as be came up and cordially shook hands I forgave him his dirt and the violence he was doing to my temperance principles and returned his grasp with equal fervour. ' Shay ole f ler got a show ?' he asked, and I coufessed my poverty in that respect and answered in the negative. He looked at me silently *nd sadly, and then with a sob heavily charged with tobacco jerked out thn words ' bowshat not got show waeeer mazzer ?' I replied that I had not yet reached the field, consequently my opportunity for securing wealth had not arrived. He lurched towards me, breathing stale spirits and nicotine with great liberality, and then an energetic wave of his arm lost him his balance and brought him prone to earth. I Btooped over him ere he lost consciousness and distinctly heard him murmur. ' My name is Bill the Bummer and I've got the best — — ehow on the field.' I went into the town thinking that my meeting with the bolder of the richest claim on Gtojdon was a happy augury. t entered Temple's and sat down to tea. Next to me was a man with a far-away look on his face as of one who was communing with the angels or the ghost of » dead and gone creditor. In my customary affable manner I entered into conversation with him, but all my efforts met with scant success. He did not seem interested ' with the weather, tbe state of the roads, bow Sir Samuel Griffith was getting on at the Imperial Conference in England, or any other subject I tried to introduce. After tea was over we rose simultaneously, and when we got outside the first sign of vitality showed itself in aiy quondam acquaintance. Taking me by tbe arm said, ' Stranger, don't give it away, but if you want to go into a good thing I've got the best ? ehuw on the field.' t went up the street. Outside a tent which seemed to contain the lost soul of a 50-lb bag of flour and the shattered remains of a bos of tea, an excited crowd were gathered together. TJiey were gathered in a lump, and on their haunches, for each man maintained a squatting position on the dusty road, and the conversation that ensued was loud and frequently profane ; in fact more profane than frequent. Tbe prin cipal speaker was a man as little, as drunk, and as dirty as my first friend, and he held in his hand a piece of wool With which he was drawing a diagraui in the dust of tbe road. ' She runs north and south,' I heard him say, ' prospects a good 10 ounces to the ton, and I tell you, boys, I bave got the best ? show on the field.' I walked away somewhat saddened at the thought that there were so many best sanguinary shows on this remarkable diggings, all of which seemed to be more sanguinary than its predecessor, hoping, meanwhile, that when my lime come my ehow would flow in rivers of gore and go millions of tons to the ounce. I entered a store, for my boots were nearly wor j out and I wanted reshoeiag. I said to the assistant behind the counter, 'Got any boots?' ' Boots,' he queried, as though my in terrogation was a really unsound one. 'Boots, no dary a boot.' I turned to leave, when Be called me back. 1 Just corns np !' be asked. I nodded. 'Want a feood thing?' was the next question. I said « tit,' eartiy, and he ?'?? smiled the smile of one who was sorry for me and said, ' Pity you ain't in for a spec, for I have got the best ? show on the field.' I was getting savage and when a savage mood o'ertakes me I get a thirst. I entered the bar of a pub. 'Whisky,' I said. 'Got none' ' Brandy.' ' All gone ' ' Rum.' ' None left.' ' Beer.' ' Ain't seen a drop for months.' ' What have you got ? ' That bar tender gazed at me for a minute, ' Stranger evidently,' said be. 'Yes,' said L 'Do a deal?'' he asked. ' What in ? ' He beckoned me to tbe darkest and dirtiest corner of the bar, and holding me by the arm, said in the most impressive manner, ' I'll sell you a share in the best ? show on the field' It was getting oppressive, tedious, monotonous. I was becoming wearied. I thought I would go to bed. I returned to Temple's. What had pre viously been the dining-rootn had by this time been turned into a sleeping apart ment. People were sleeping on, under, and beside the table iu every possible attitude. I turned in between a German and a Frenchman, and tried to sleep. Presently my Teutonic neighbor raised himself into a sitting posture, and addressing nobody in particular, said, ' Mein Gott, I have got the best ? ehow on the field.' He subsided, and I was just dozing off when my friend from Gaul went on his knees and embracing his pillow uttered tbe now to me novel sentence, ' I've got the best ? show on (he field.' The eastern sky bad not been tinged with the roseate hues of the rising sun ; the birds had not commenced to warble their morning call ; the smells had not refreshed and reinvigoratcd themselves with tbe beat of tbe dsy ; tbe cocks bad not commenced to crow, and the cats had hardly left off their midnight dissi pations when I sallied forth to breathe what little of the fresh air of morning there was knocking aboat. Far Sa«* at Btatlac Matter See Fomrtk Pafa. 