INTERCOLONIAL. The famous ^ase of Bertrand, the Sydney fashionable hairdresser, crop ped up in the course of argument in the Full Court on Saturday (says the Melbourne 'Herald'). Bertrand was found guilty on a capital chai-ge and sentenced to death; but the sentence was commuted to one of imprisonment for life, and, after incarceration for a long period, the prisoner was liberated a few mouths ago. The case was quot ed on a point of law at the second trial of Bertrand, the Chief Justice quqted to the jury the notes he took at the first trial. He did this with the consent of the prisoner abd his counsel; but the Privy Council ruled that.it was im proper to have done so, and that the consent of the prisoner did not mat ter, as 'it was not the prisoner or counsel or anybody else, but the ad ministration of justice' that had to be considered.' Some girls who were returning from a dance in the early. hours of Satur day at Alexandria (Vic) were greatly startled to see a ghostly figure clothed in white prowling about the flat. They knocked up a man at a house close by, who came out with a gun and a large Newfoundland dog, but the ghost had by this time disappeared over a hill. Dyke and mate, who have a claim at! the Inglewood-road rush, Wedderbum (Vic.) unearthed what they supposed to be a nice little piece, weighing»loz 12dwt 20gr, last week, says a telegram. They brought it into town and dis posed of it to a local storekeeper, who, not liking the look of the stuff, tested it, and found that it was nothing but brass, which is supposed to have been placed in the claim with an ulterior object. The matter has been reported to the police. A Rockhampton (Q.) telegram states that an interview -took place on Satur day between Michael Davitt and the executive of the Separation League. The interview was of a private na ture; but Mr. Davitt is understood to have advised an appeal to the House of Commons. He said lie naa been under the impression 'or some time, ELnd the impression was -pretty general in Great Britain and Ireland, that the separation movement had practically died out; but, having learnt tna/t the desire of self-government bad- taken a strong hold on the people, he would endeavor to make himself acquainted with the other side of the question. The fact that the Victorian Govern ment advertisement for tenders for the conveyance of perishable products from Melbourne .to London failed to secure any response is attributed in some quarters to the operation of a ring. There seems to be no reason, however, for believing that a ring was formed, but 'the conditions of the tender were evidently too stringent, and made it almost impossible for any company to carry out the contract The Premier says he will be glad to know from shipowners in what res pect they want the conditions modi fied. Mr. Taverner speaks of endea voring to induce the other colonies to enter into a joint service. Mr. M'Donald, of the firm of Messrs. Crooks and Brooker, who returned to South Australia from West Australia by the French mail steamer Australien on Thursday morning, was one of the passengers by the Orient liner Cuzco which fell in with such a heavy gale on her last voyage from the Sema phore to Albany (says an Adelaide telegram). Mr. M'Donald has cause to remember the trip, not only on ac count of the tossing about which the boat sustained, but also because he came off with a sprained ankle, from the effects of which he has not yet completely recovered. Mr. M'Donald said that the Cuzeo started from the Semaphore -on July 10 under most aus picious circumstances, the weather be ing all that could be desired. On the second day out, however, a heavy gale was encountered, and the mailboat was pitched about in a manner Which made things extremely uncomfortable for the passengers. The water found its way aboard and made the cabins damp. The after skyligM was smashed, and during one of the big lurches Mr. M'Donald and one of the officers to whom he was talking were thrown off their feet on to the deck. Mr. M'Donald thus sustained a sprained ankle, and had to keep to his bed for a couple of days. The Cuzco did not arrive at Albany till Monday,^ July 15, and in the meantime some anxiety was felt as to her safety. Adelaide is proverbially the quietest of Australian cities, and seldom is the detec tive department called upon to cope with sensational cases such as are of compara tively frequent occurrence in other large f centres of population (writes the local morning paper) . Numerous have been the petty robberies of late, but it is some time since a burglary of any magnitude was re ported and the efficiency of the police put to the test. It is also satisfactory -to note that when' the opportunity' arose the local officers -were not found -wanting, and that a capture which might be reckoned exceedingly Bmart work for anybody was effected. In the email hours of Tuesday morning last, sometime between midnight and halt-past 7, the business premises of Hannah Bernstein, general dealer, of 146 Hindley- street, were entered, and » safe containing goods to the value of between £300 and £400 taken off. ' There was no evidence 'to show how the placs was. entered, and as the owner avers that everywhere it was securely bolted, it is supposed that „ the thief must have got into the shop shortly beiore closing time and have lain concealed till everything was ? quiet. The back door being open, and therefore having been unlocked from the inside, is in sup port of this. With the door open the rest was easy, the safe, which weighed about lewt, being lifted into a perambulator and wheeled away to the banks of the/Torrens, where it was found. The department was informed at 9 a.m., and Detectives Jones, Fraser and Garland were put in. charge of the case. In lesB than half an hour Detec tive Jones naa arrested, hidden in a. low part of the city, Edward George, with a quantity of the stolen property in his possession. The. safe, which contained .a quantity of gold and silver, jewellery, watches, and valuable gold coins, besides some West. -Australian scrip, wai then traced to a spot- fifty yards west of the Morphett-s'treet Bridge, where the large sewer empties itself into the river. A small parcel still remained in the safe, and almost; all the remainder was found concealed somewhere along the bank. The offender, who is an engineer from Mildura, was conveyed to the police station, and will be charged before the court this morning. The detectives have every reason to l-elieve that there was no second party in the robbery. While investigating the case the officers arrested John Berroud on a charge of larceny; there was also found in his possession a saloon rifle, for which an owner is wanted. 