THE SPIDERS STORY. [RETOLD BY MISS TOMMY IN Westminster Budget.] We sitted on the garden-Bteps, thiB kitty and I, and I pretended not to see ner, because she is always imitating me, and I can't bear that kind of thing. When I lift up my left paw and turn my head, and wash the back of my beautiful neck with my pink tongue, then this kitty does it too, at onse. I don't like it. And when I turn my right ear inside out to give it an airing, ehe turns both her ears out to give them two airings. And again, I can't bear it that euoh a chit of a kit should play me such trioks. So I pretended not to eee her, and looked only along my terracotta nose—it is rather a hooked nose, and Playmate is sure that my anoestors were eagles or owls or hawks—and I looked straight into the white mist whioh hung ao heavily over my garden that Ioouldn'teven eee the wall and the fenceon which my friends, the nine Putney and Wandsworth tabbies and tommies, sit when they come to see me. Mists I don't like, but after luncheon I don't mind they so much, for after luncheon one feelB all nice and kind inside. On that day the mist corned slowly down . I seed it, and I thought .at once I must be very eoientifio and make observations. And more aud more the white mist split, and a bit of blue sky peeped out, and then a bigger bit, and then I seed my sun, which I keep up there as a stove to warm us when there are no fires in the house. At first the sun was pale and not very warm, but I blinked at him, and said "Go on," and then he corned out aud ehined like gold over all my garden. My grass looked lovely. ITou know what my grass is, don't you? But I'll tell the duffers among you that the grass is nothing but just the tops of the lauoes carried by a big army of tiny fairies that live underground. Well, eaoh of the lanoes had hung a pearl bell of mist.on to its point. If you were cats with fine ears for sound, instead of being only humans you would hear the pearl-bells rinsing, "Lo the conquering Tommy oomeB,"andthe sun made them look lovely." And all the autumn flowers and leaves looked as red and yellow as if they were big kitchen fires. Then next there came another noise, besides the musio of the miat pearl-bellsall my flies and bees, and bumbles, and tiny gnats beginned to dance. They do it because I like it, and beoause I allow them to live under the leaveB of the lime-trees in my garden, and under the vine and ivy leaves against my house. I keep them there for the hunting season, and then I have a few days' sport with them, when other people go and ahoot grouse, and partridge, and pheasant. Only, Playmate is horribly stupid, because when I want to be very polite, and bring home a fine brace of dead epiders, like other people send home dead birds, then Playmate Bays—"No, my friend, we'll dispense with that kind of thing." Dispense? What's " dispense?" Then I eat the spiders up quickly, and go out of the room to punish Playmate. The danoing flies were lovely that day; some had on blue frocks, with a bit of silver; they are called blue-bottlee; and the wapsea had football jerseys, striped black and lemon-ydlow; and the bumbles got on sasbesof terracotta velvet, nearly as good-looking as my nose, only that my nose is Batin. All the little gnats had thin grey frocks; filmy grey like the twilight, and very, very soft and lovely bits of pink aud green and yellow, like mother-of-pearl shells in them. You can't see them, but cats can. Gats have better eyes than humans. Gats have everything of the best. Tbey can afiord it. My kitty sat quite still and watched my flies, till one bee came across a horrid smut that was flying in the air. It dirtied ber splendid coat, and then she said to the others, "Just you dance on till I come back. I must go and have a bath and a brush-up round the corner." On a vine leaf, against the house, a little pool of mist water had callected. Mist water is dew, and a dew bath makes beeB as beautiful as it does boys and girls, eo the smutty bee jumped on to the leaf and began at once to wash. Kitty went close by to watch, but I didn't go, because I know all these things already. I was two years old last mouth. The bee Bhe rubbed her small front hands together, and then she combed the hair on her broad head with them. Next she rubbed her fat hind legs against each other, scratched the underparts of her wings with them, and then fiun? her hind lege round her own back to get the smut oS. It looked so funny, kitty, who is silly, grinned terribly at it. Only silly cats grin. I never grin. I only grinned when I were a little kitten. That was long ago, before yon can remnmber. Then the bee looked into the dewpond to see if she was quite clean, and then she lifted up her black gauze wings and,filed away and helped to dance. I had forbidden kit to catch this bee, beoause bees bite, and I don't want a bited kitty in the house. When she gets bited she goes and tells the neighbours, and they say, "Well, Miss Tommy can't be quite as clever as she says she is, because she has a stupid daughter, who gets bited." Clever oats ought to have clever kits. But kitty sitted there in front of the vine-leaf, and looked and looked, and I could see there was something else she was watching. So, of course. I went and looked after her, and what do you think the olever thing had discovered? Why, a spider, and the spider was a robber, and he was just going to pounce upon the dancers. I like robbers, 'COB I'm a robber myself, and a good one—you bet!—and I only pushed kitty a very little bit away, to get a better sight of he, as he was a-buildin' a rope from a branch right acroset to where they was a-dancin'. (P.S., N.B., MSS.—Playmate says I am to cross the last sentence out, because I am getting into the vulgar way of talking which I've learned from the Wandsworth cats; but I never cross out; I won't; this is my story, and I can talk it as I like, and talking Wanda' worth is just as good as talking Wimbledon. I know best; look what a lot of P.S., MSS., I pat jast now, to show yoa that I know these things.) The big bees, and the waspeE, and the bumbles, and the bluebottles laughed; they knew better than jump into that spider's net. Spiders have to have nets to oatch tbeir food in; we are euperior; we want nothing except our twenty orescent olaws, and oar two rows of very beautiful teeth. But the little gnats were stupid, and one danced, and danced, and danced itself into the web. Voild (French— Shakspeare). The robber creeped up to it, and spun and spun threads round it, just as if he wanted to wrap it in a cloak, and I heard him saying " Oh, golly-gDlly-golly 1 Here's a feast," and then he rolled the gnat along, higher up, to eat it in peace. And then uiy kitty, all at once, jumped after him. You never saw any one jump like that kit doaa. la the drawing-room she jumps as high as the flowers on the table, and in the garden she jumps over the trees, and in the evening she jumps easily over the moon. I seed her tomorrow evening. The spider he said a nice word as the web tore and the spider fell down, but I xnayn'$ say that here, and I pounced upon kitty, and. said, "For goodness' sake, ohild, don't eat him yet! I must make observations." I wanted just to see where the spider kept all that rope be brings out when he wants to climb down, as it would be very useful to me to have a rope sometimes when I eit somewhere and want to get down. Hut spiders, besides being robbers, are nasty piss that don't care for science and observations, and he just curled up all his lege under him and lay on the steps. Yes, he's dead," I said to the kit, " wh«n 1 came in, my majesty he died of fright. Poor thing, I overwhelmed him. I suppose it was all along of the terracotta nose." We pawed him, and we smelt him, and the little ; unepit at him, and we rolled him about. He was as dead as the dirty bone I dragged the other day on to the best carpet in the house, and we despised him and went down into the garden. All the other dancers had gone away, and we played all aloce, up the trees and over the wall, and among the chrysanthemume, and through the grass, and on and on and on. I tell you we do look like two fine Indian tigers when we play that game. All at once I remembered the dead spider, and thought I'd bettereat her before Kitty got indigestion from eating her. There she lay, quite dead, with the legs still carlcd up, and when I was just opening my mouth she came to life again, and I jumped back and fell into the ferns, and cried, "a ghost, a ghost," beoause I thought it was the spider's ghost that jumped up. But it wasn't; it was the robber herself, and she ran up the wall and aittedon an ivy stalk, and put out her tongue, and said, " Miss Tommy, my sweet and clever lady, for once you haven't been quite as brilliant as usual. Why didn't you eat me? I might have put some rope inside of you. Come up, and I'll ehow you how spiders' webs are made, and I will teach you a thing or two about clever oats. Come along, come !" I tell you this to show you how unutterably vulgar common or garden spiders are. I turned my back on he, and I Bat on the wall with four neighbours, and one of them knowed spiders very well, and said, "Oh, Miss Tommy, take no notice of he, never take notice of any spider. They're sneaks; they always pretend to be dead when they think they're caught. They are not good enough for cats." And they aren't, really. This is the Christmas story I wrote for my PtAVilATE. 