SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR, WHICH GIRL, DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER LI. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of “Murdered at Mid- day,” “For True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” “Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; It wasn’t exactly a case of jumping out of the frying pan into the fire, but it certainly was one of escaping from the fire no further than the frying pan, and for a moment Lady Howarth almost wished ehe had fallen a victim to the flames while lying unconscious in the corridor of the north wing. . .Her .heart was Tn her mouth, and she cohld answer her captor not ji word, observing which he. said "with a sarcastic laugh : Tho proverb has it that silence gives consent,‘So come along with meyoa pretiy trembler, Eood, you were a deal more willing ter go with me once, and you might have saved yourself tho necessity of repeat jog the action bad you only forwarded me the very moderate sum that I required for your hire.’ . ‘ For. my- hire ?’ Lady Howarth man* aged to stammer out, 4 T e ®» or you* hire, certainly I You are my wife, and I only loaned you to Sir Harry, instead of selling you to him for s lump sum at the Market-cross with a rope round your neck, as a common* place.Rachda felly would have done. ‘ Liar,’ exclaimed the trembling woman, ‘1 am not, and never was your wife. I once deemed myself such it is true, but the ceremony was a mockery and a fraud, as, you now know fall well, and I believe knew at the time, wherefore lam at present as much Lady Howarth as though 1 had never aeon or heard of you. 1 ‘■All the belter, for that fact will ' doubtless augment your value in Sir Harry’s eyes, and he will stump up all the more in order to g j t you back. I should think he would consider you worth a round thousand, for you’re still ur.com mooly good looking, ns far as I can judge by'this light, and I should hardly imagine that he’d had time en'ough yet to got tired of you in— os I had.’ 4 Wlut do you mean to do with me?’ gasped his captive, ’ ‘What prudent men often do wi h their treasure—bury you until the lime arrives when I coo dispose of you to ad vantage. Bury me V , Yes, but in a roomy and airy enough coffin,- so you need have-no fear for your life, Dead, you would be of small value indeed; Bat come, we can converse, on the way, and, as someone or other writes, even time is money/ •‘I will appeal to everyone whom we, encounter to rescue me from you/ ‘Thanks for such ft frank explanation, (or it will excuse’ the steps that I have adopted in order to prevent the possibility of your doing so. Gome along quickly, and then you will the sooner learn what fchejr are,’ add so saying he seized her by the wrist and. forcibly propelled her for ward. \- * Ob, don’t/ dpn’f,’ cried Lady Howarth piteously, * yob are as unjust as you are' cruel, for I sent you «ha full fifty pounds that yon demanded, but both letter and enclosure chanced ,U> fall into Sir—my husbands bands, and that : was why you did not receive them, Ob, do not so cruelly persecute me when I am wholly undeserving of such treatment/ f Folks don’t persecute treasures—the word is inappropriate—for thoy only take ■ care' of' then). The money you say yotT sent mo might juit as well have bet-n thrown. down a well as,-far as I’m per* son ally concerned, since L never got it. Audios I cannot 'manage to iivo upon mere promises and good-Intentions, and, through being a gentleman born, do not feel at all inclined to labor for a living, I consider that! a good deposit In the honk carrying compound interest os it were (ond 'I : really calculate on getting corns pound interest out of you) will bo ( jcv clnaively ploaaautand agreeable/ • • ‘My husband—Sir Harry Howarth— will.jtbink that 1 have perished amid tho flames/-. ‘ The young lady, whom I suppose my appearance frightened from your side (and ■;! put on. my black mask for the express purpose of doing.so) will, I doubt nofy telLhira aidifferpnt tale. She Is bis Jprcsume IV ' Oh, heaven, Lhad forgotten her,’ ex* claimed Epth/distractedly, ( She is out of her mind, poor young thing, and God alone'knows what may happen to hor while running about in up one’s care. Oh, do pray suffer me to seek her at once.’ ; * Ina too old a bird to be caught with chaff. Besides, Providence keeps an especial watch over children and fools they say, wherefore we will leave the girl to the care of Providence, and so test the IruAh of tho maxim. One woman is as much as I can manage with only one horsed or hang it, I might feel Inclined to invest in her likewise.’ ‘ Whither are you going to take mo f ‘That’s telling, and, unless I chose, you’ll never know,’ ‘ Never’ ‘ No, because you’ll bo blindfolded as well as gagged.’ At this ominous explanation poor Lady Howarth shrieked aloud, and tried her hardest to break away from her ciptor, whoso iron grip, however, reduced her to /passive obedience almost immediately, I the cruel ruffian exclaiming, laughing the while— * Scream yourself hoarse if you like, for before wo reach a -spot where your caterwauling can possibly be heard by others, I shall have put it but of your power to make any noise whatever. You escaped from me one.-*,’ ‘Because you accused mo of having poisoned you, and I was afraid of being arrested and punished for a crime which I would rather have died than have committed. You.were a villian and a coward to make Such a charge when you must have known that I was innocent.’ I wasn’c in a condition to know much, and perhaps I loved you to such an extent that, believing myself to be dying, I couldn’t bear the thought of leaving you behind me, and therefore made op my mind that I would hot, even though I forced you to rejoin me along the rough pathways of the gallows.’ * Inhuman wretch, and, alas, I am once more in your power.’ ‘ That’s true enough, but the love that I’ve been prating about has so cooled down that you will be nothing more than my prisoner. You need not entertain tho slightest fear that I shall ever again woo you, or court you, or in any way make a fool of niyself in regard to you. A pot of ale and a pipe of tobacco huvo far greater attraction in my eyes. To me, now, and henceforth, you are nothing more than a marketable commodity.’ ‘ Thank heaven at all events fdr that.’ ‘ I shall also thank heaven, or tho other place, if you turn out as valuable a security as I’m fain to hope that you will. However, I must not Count my chickens before they are hatched, for it is esteemed unlucky to do so, and as this is more a time for action than for words—quick march 1’ And he once more forced her along by squeezing her wrLt until tho pressure amounted (o agony every time that she showed tho slightest inclination either to stand still or escape from him. Compel Una her thus to proceed in what ever direction he choose, and by a route which may boat bo described as a circumbendibus one, he at Inst got his prisoner down the fir grove skirting Olegg Hall lane, from which he* had emerged on tho day be stopped Sir Harry’s carriage and forced him to bare his bride’s arm for his inspection. Here Lady Hownrth come suddenly upon a poworfulnlooking, brown horse fas* tened to a troo and not only saddled bat bearing a pillion behind. ‘You perceive,’ said Halcamus Green* wood to her then, ‘ that I came determined to carry you off by hook or by crook. Had I.nob mat you in the grounds I should have boldly entered the house in quest of you, for I knew very well what was taking place there, and so timed my arrival that Sir Harry and his guests, including the jolly parson, should bo too drunk to bo able to stand up to receive m*>, while as to the servants, if they hadn’t chanced to be in tho same condition I had a constable’s baton and a mock warrant for your arrest, and should have posed as .a law officer of the Crown, a character for whom most flunkeys have an intense veneration. Besides all that, I kn«w that I had an ally within the walla, in the shape of an estimable lady who has perhaps been nil along a deal more the mistress of the establishment than yourself, and who would lot me take my prisoner away through the back garden and gate, so that there should have been as little risk of disturbance and scandal as possible. However, now to business.’ So saying he pushed her violently up against n tro", and in a moment more had fished a rope up from beneath the luxuriant ferns, and bound it around both her slender waist and the trunk. This done he next drew out of tho dense undergrowth of ferns a" small bundle, and upon undoing it revealed a woman’s hut with .what seemnd to bo a very thick veil attached to it; but when he had brought it right up to her Ruth porc-ivfd that tlio veil, whicl. was closely knitted black woo), bad inside of it, and secured on to it, a leather mask without eyelet holes, but having a buckle and a strap behind it, and a sort of steel spur attached to it, so as to enter the mouth of a prisoner and pin down her tongue in a way she should be unable to give utterance to an articulate sound. ‘ Oh, don’t put that dreadful thing on me, you cruel and remorseless monster,’ cHed Lady Bowarlh in an agony of ap prehension. ‘ Needs must, unfortunately, knowing whut a slippery custom ?r I have to de with. But if you keep, your tonguo os still as every good woman should it won’t hurt you in tho least, and there are perforations in the nose for you to breath through, while os for the uncomelinoss of the thing,out of regard toyour vanity Itook cwo that the veil should bo so thick that oven the closest observer would not know that you had it on underneath. But now to don it, for time creeps on apace, and I’m nuxious to get yon under look and Key as quickly ns possible' It was no use to resist her fate, for the fate was clearly not to be avoided, and she knew full well that to oppose it would only subject hor to harsh violence and indignity. , So Lady Howarth opened her mouth for the admission of the spur, which was shaped exactly like that of a wilob’s bridle, and the next minute the entire contrivance was secured.over and around her head in snob a way that she could neitheraeo nor utter the slightest sound. *3Sow/ exclaimed IJalcamus Green** wopd, ’ 1 shall unbind you from the tree; koep yodr hand in mine while X mount the* horse, and then you will have to feel fpr my foot with your own, and whoa found use it as a stepping stone up into the pillion, If yob miss your spring at the first attempt, you will .only have to try and try agaid until you succeed, but you won’t miss if you are careful.’ Poor Ruth had no option bus to at tempt the !, feat and when the trying moment came she. happi y, did not miss her spriiig, but ; alighted safely, on the pillion. • ' : ' 1 Hold me tightly around tho waist, now,’ said Haloamus Greenwood approv ingly, of . rough riding to encounter, by reason, that f intend to cross country as straight as the, crow .flies. The fact is the owner of’ such a treasure can’t take too many precautions against.losingit on the way. Now look out, for off we go,’ and setting spurs, to his nag ho trotted out of the fir grove through the gap in the hedge. Five minutes later they were fording the river Beal, with the water up to the saddle flaps and over Lady Howarth’s ankles, who, was afraid to draw her feet up for fear she should lose her balance and topple over on the other side. The opposite bank gained they sped across the fields to the south of Olover Hal), leaping every hedge that obstructed their course, Greenwood invariably shout* ing out ‘Hold on tight now, here’s another!' half a minute before the horse rose to the jump ; yet in spite of the warning, his prisoner often almost lost her seat and was within on,ace of falling. It; was a wild night ride to her, blind and dumb as she was aud expecting every moment that her neck would be broken in some terrible fall.' Presently, however, she heard a church clock strike throe in the morning, which she recognised in an instant as that of St. Chad's at Rochdale, and evidently very near by. Perhaps it all at onco occurred to Greenwood that the sound would be sure to strike a chord of memory in her heart, and that as they would tell her whereabouts she was, he might just as well himself enlighten bar a little I further. ' Anyhow, be said mockingly, 1 The I worst is over, fair treasure, and in leas ! than a quarter of an hour we’ll be safely housed where none will dare in* 1 vade, even in the broadest sunshine of a midsummer day. The cage, the safe, the strong room, call it which you choose, in which I intend to deposit my treasure is the old haunted house in Goose Lane, wherein holy nuns once ohantrd (heir vesper hymns, and where their unquiet spirits now shriek and wail the livelong night. He could feel the thrill which this intelligence occasioned his captive, and ho chuckled sardonically at having so well succeeded in awaking her supersti tious terrors, which, as ha believed in neither heaven or hell, he was utterly in capable of sharing.’ But the old house had its tale, and it was a terrible one, the bare outline of it being that when the Royal Bluebeard, Henry the Eighth, confiscated the revenues of the religious houses in order ther. with to bribe his rapicious nobles to use thoir powerful influence (o bring about a change of faith throughout the land, a party of Royal Commissioners arrived at the Convent of Good Shep herd, nigh unto Rochdale, effected an entry, with terrible threats compelled the sisterhood, six only in number, to take down and burn their crucifixes and statures of saints and martyrs, their missals and other books of devotion, and directly as they . had thus, ns it were, abjured their faith, had violated and then murdered them. Casting thoir bodies into a small subterranean vault, five feet deep and two yards square, and then covering up its entrance so that its I very existence should not be suspected, they gave it forth’ that the nuns had [ quitted the place before their arrival, which being believed they escaped all punishment for their atrocious crime, i not discovered for a hundred years | later. Bat when the awful tomb was opened j there were the six skeletons, and though the dry bones were oast into tho charnel house in St. Chad’s churchyard,the ghosts of the murdered nuns, liberated by the removal of tho flagstone from above their place of sepulchre, took possession of the convent once more, weeping, wailing, and wringing their hands because the gates of heaven were for ever closed against them by reason that they had abjured their faith rather than endure persecution, and had lost thoir lives before they bad had time to repent them for thoir grevious sin. From the lane they had often boon be held, flitting from window like wild birds fluttering against tho bars of a cage into which they have just been thrust, where fore tho lane came to be called Ghost Lane, which was in later years corrupted into Goose Lane. No wonder (bat, knowing tho history 'of the haunted house as well os she did, Lady Hownrth felt thataho would just as soon, fiye, even rather have boon laid in her own grave than be confined therein, but she was utterly unable to express these emotions ; indeed, independent of I being ‘tongue-tied,’ she was breathless from tho speed ut which she had ridden and the roughness of much of <hc way, from the flying leaps that had been taken rind tire frequency with which the heavy laden horse had all but come 1 a cropper’ over them, which things nil combined had dragged her beautiful arms almost out of their sockets, so tenaciously had she boon obliged to cling around Halaamw. Greenwood with them in order to save herself from what, had it, happened, must have been a dangerous and might have beep a fatal fall. Castle Hill presently loomed darkly be-’ fore them in the gloom. But they approached it no nearer, for suddenly turning out of the bridle-track limb is now the Manchester road into a field, tho old house rose just before thorn, with its tall quaint chimney stacks, and high pitched roof, that was green with moss, grass, and house lo3k, and backed at a little distance by a hawthorn hedge that marked the sinuous course of Ghost Lane. Of course Lady Howarfh could see nothing of all this, but when Halcamus Greenwood brought his reeking horse to a standstill, and roughly bade her got down as best she could, she very naturally felt that they must bo at the end of thoir journey. , No sootier'had she done as she was ordered, and fortunately alighted on her feet, than Greenwood dismounted in turn, and drove his horse into what looked to be the ruins of a cow shod. He then grasped his captive by an arm, and saying jocularly, ‘And now to place my treasure where though the moth may very probably corrupt, it is not at all likely that the thieves will break through and steal,' he led her towards the bouse. CHAPTER LII. Goose Lane, in the year 1715, bad not another house in or anywhere near it, indeed only three houses had been seen, or approached in any degree near, during the whole of that wild night ride, though the course cbvorod until Oiisllolon Hall was neared, was exactly that which is now traversed by the Lancashire and York* I shire Railway, Rochdale, in fact* was bounded, south | of the river, by Drake street, os it is now called, and nothing lay boyood that un finished thoroughfare except fields and lanes, with a little cluster of cottages hare and there, at intervals very wide apart, and mansions and farm homesteads still more sparingly dotted over the fair campaign country which stretched away in the direction of Manchester and Old ham, both of which towns were then as innocent of tall chimneys and clanking machinery as was Rochdale itself. The old convent, of which not a trace now exists, though there did some thirty years ago, stood therefore quite alone, and fully a quarter of a mile distant from any other building. It was supposed to have been built as long ago as the reign of William Rufus, and to have once been a preceptory of knights templars, but its architecture showed many traces of oven the early Tudor period. Anyhow it was fast mouldering to decay, for. when once a house becomes haunted it is not in general long lived, and the Nunnery, as it was sometimes called, was already in a state of collapse, for many of its walla were leaning out of the perpendicular, the roof bad more than one yawning gap in it, and most of the chimney stacks wore crumbling away piecemeal. Greenwood led Lady Howarbh up to the front door, which he opened with a key which ho had ini his pocket, and hastily drew'her into “the interior. Then he lot go of her altogether, re* locked the door y wtih care, bolted and chained it in additon, and pushing his captive before him in most unceremonious fashion, eventually navigated her ns it were into a pitch dark .chamber, whore ho bade her stand still until ho struck a light. He seemed as though groping about in a cupboard for the material to effect this, and then the sharp clicking of a flint and steel wore heard for a few seconds, and directly it ceased Lvdy Howarth felt Greenwood’s fingers at work upon the straps and buckles of her leather head gear. The next instant she was relieved of it, mask, veil, and hat coming off together, But though her tougue w.ts set free by the steel spur being removed from her mouth, she made use of her eyes first, and the candle which flickered from a bottle on the wopden window seat showed her that she was in a room which was entirely bare of furniture, surrounded by a high wainscoting of oak, and having a ceiling of the same. The window seemed to be a largo One, but it was strongly boarded up, and the open hearth had evidently been innocent of a fire for very many years. A more dreary or comfortless prison house could not easily have been imagined, and Haloamus Greenwood, reading from , his captive’s dismayed looks what she thought of it, at last condescended to speak some words of comfort to her. ‘Ruth,’ said he, ‘ I’ve not brought you hero either to punish or persecute you, but simply to make money of you, and. I hope, almost as much as you can do, that your captivity may bo short and really I do not see how it can be long. I know that the place looks uninviting enough, but I cannot allow you a fire because the smoko coming from the long disused chimney might attract attention to the old house, and load to its being invaded by those who would set you free without the slighesb profit to, myself. For much the same reason I could not bring more necessaries into the place than I was able to smuggle in my pocket or otherwise about my person during the coarse of some half-dozen nightly visits. However, there are sufficient candles to last a week, I and enough provisions for the same period, and they are as good in quality , as I could procure. Before they are gone I shall bring you more, and I trust nows of your approaching liberation as well. I Everything is in that cupboard, a book or two included, which I hope will make the time appear less long to you. For the rest I shall lock you in this one apartment as a necessary precaution, but for no other reason, and ’pen my soul I think your life and health will be safer here than perhaps they have been at Clegg ! Hall. The windows are boarded up, not to prevent your looking out of them, but so that no one shall see you doing it from the lane, so fret as little as you can help, and rest assured that all will come right in the end.’ It was a far gentler and more humane speech than Lady Howarth had expected from him, and it encouraged her to ask, as she sank into tho broad window seat, which was evidently to serve her for a bed by night as well as for a couoh by day. * What do you intend to call mo to Sir Harry, your wife or your sister in law ‘ My sister-in-law, of course. For my sake, as well as yours, you may rest assured that 1 shall not lot. the oat out of the bag.’ ‘ I have longed to do so scores and scores of times. Since the once believed-in dire necessity has passed away my conscience Ims pricked mo most unmercifully for the duplicity that I have practised towards Sir Harry. And if you know all, even you perhaps ’ ‘Not porhops, but moat assuredly, I should call you a little fool for not teach ing that rebellious conscience of yours better manners' Haloamus Greenwood interrupted with a laugh. * For by uuoh a confession you would openly proclaim your father/ mother, and sister, to bo swindlers as well as yourself, for no shrewd man of the world believes,but that they wore all in the swim along with yourself. And then what corresponding good would 6uch a confession effect by way of counterbalancing so much certain mischief and evil 1 Why, if tho baronet really loves you, and I don’t think there oan bo any doubt about that, tho know ledge of tho truth might make him miser able for life, and perhaps oven lend to. shorten his days.’ { 1 have thought of all that too. I fool like a shuttlecock beaten . to and fro between two battledores.’ ‘Then drop to the .ground, and no longer boar their buffets. Your secret is pot your own, and you have no right to ! wreck the happiness and tho reputation of others from more idle sentiment and nothing more. What has been done can’t bo undone, so take my, advice and , make tho very best that you can out of altered circumstances 1 leave you inow.with (he repeated assurance that no harm will oomo to you in this old house, hnd it shan’t be my fault if you are in it long. Now is there anything elqo that I oan do for you V Lady Howarth shook her head,for tears prevented her further utterance, tears wrung from her by terror at being left in such a place alone, r/ , .i , But tho sight of them was quite sufficient to make Haloamus, Greenwood thko himself off as fast as over ho could. ’ So (dipping out of the room ho looked the door on the putqi.do,;,popketod tho key, descended tho stairs la tho dark, and quitting the house at once mquqtod his; horse pud rode back to - Mftuohqstor . atja pace which would bring him,toiho shelter of bis accustomed haunts befffrojday dawn., for ho was far too prudent and wtyy a, rascal to show himself in the neigh tyoty hood of. Kooh.dalo within at least twenty four hours of the disappearance of his captive and hostage from Olegg Hall. As for that captive herself she had fallen in a swoon to the floor even before he was out of the old ramshackle bouse. CHAPTER LIU. For the last score of chapters the ex periences and adventures of poor Lady Howarth have been so thrilling and almost continuous tint wo have been unable to tear ourselves away from their narration for any leas absorbing theme. Now, however, that Halcamus Green wood has securely cagod her inside the old haunted house in Goose-lane, we can do just as the world did, leave her to the darkness and the solitude of the ancient and ill famed mansion, while, retracing Time’s footprints for a little distance, wo up the dropped threads of our narrative as they effect other characters therein. Some weeks then have elapsed since j mischief night and the Beige of the old house- in the wood by a drunken and furious mob, and though Mr Radclifle is far on the road towards convalescence from the injuries then received, and the illness that follow'd as their natural se quence, he is not yet well enough to get out of doors; while as for Mrs Radclifle, no sooner have her fears and anxieties lessoned on his account they have increased and multiplied on her daughter Rose’s, from whom or of whom she had heard nothing since the arrival of the bank draft and accompanying half a-dozon words in the envelope that bore the Car lisle post mark. Yes, her heart had grown very heavy on account of that brave girl who had voluntarily gone forth as a scapegoat into the wilderness, self-laden with the follies, miseries, and dangers of a beloved sister ; while the anxiety and concern of Lancelot Leigh on her account surpasses perhaps oven that of her mother. And in sober truth there was plenty of room for concern, for since the night on which Rose Radclifle had started on her longjourney northwards, in order to earn her bread in what was at that period es j sentially a foreign land, that land had ! risen in rebellion against English, or, «t all events, Hanoverian rule, and drawing the sword in the cause of her old line of Stuart kings, had begun to invade the southern realm in order to stir up disaffec tion and revolt there also. The rising had been sudden and abrupt, as sucb risings generally are, so that by the time the slow travelling in* telligenco of those times at last reached Rochdale it was able to proclaim as un* deniable the somewhat appalling facta that the Earl of Derwentwaler, at the head of a large force, had already pro claimed James the Third as King of Great Britain at Workworth, Penrith,and Lancashire, and a Colonel Forster had seized and fortified Preston in the same cause, while Scottish allies were pouring across the Cheviots in an armed flood, and the Earl of Mar was raising a largo army in the neighborhood of Stirling wherewith to follow up and support them. All this was grave nown, oven for the nation, but it was much more serious in telligence to Mrs Radclifle, who, by the process of putting 1 two and two to gether,’ as she was won’t to call it, had managed to convince herself that her favourite daughter must have been crossing the border Edinburgh-wards just about the time when the vanguard of the Scottish invaders had commenced to stream across them on their way south wards. and as most English folks at that time regarded Highlanders as bloodthirsty and remorseless savages she made up her mind that if Rose onco chanced to fall into thoir hands it was a positive cer tainty that they would rob her of all she possessed, while there was a strong prob ability that they would murder her in addition. Her terrible apprehensions were all the harder to boar because she dared not im* part them to her husband for fear of causing a relapse, for his brandy-ruined constitution would boar no strain what ever upon it now that disease had struck its first effective blow thereat, while as for Lancelot Leigh, no sooner had ho gathered the full particulars of the northern revolt, und arrived at the conclusion that Rose— his Rose—must have plunged unwittingly info the very thick of it, than ho declared his determination of starting in quest of her at onco, and in his excitement almost abused poor Mrs Radoliffo for having dis\ suaded him from taking such a step at the 1 very first, which, as the reader will doubt- i less remember, he had been most desirous of doing. But though he at once carried oat his 'resolution, and travelled northwards as fast as a stout cob and his anxiety and impntionob Would bear him, we will dash yet more rapidly on ahead in order to satisfy the reader as to whether his dismal apprehensions worn well founded. It is mirk midnight, and in one of the many’caverns that perforate, and in some places almost honeycomb, the Oiioviot hills, which separate England from Scot land, a small parly of Highlanders are carousing. Olad in their picturesque national garb their looks arc as wild as thoir droift, and thoir surroundings wilder than cither. Their dirks, b»oad«words, pistols, and brass-bossed bull’s hide targes or shields strew the rooky floor, while the cavern’s .walls and roof echo their uncouth speech and occasional hursts of harsh laughter. In the centre of the cave a large wood fire is burning, and over it a sheep is being roasted whole, while the bare arms of those who have slain and skinned the animal are red with its blood, and the hide head, and feet lie in a disgusting heap just where they wore thrown. Nor is whisky wanting, wherewith to excite and madden their spirits, or the bagpipes to awaken ‘tho stirring memories of a thousand years,’ while close to the fire stands a barrel of gunpowder with the head knocked off and lying beside it, thus showing the reckless carelessness of these bearded raoimi ameers to boon a par with their personal courage. Not far in tho rear of the keg of ‘villanous saltpetre’ sits, or rather reclines against tho rocky wall, a most beautiful girl, whoso wrists and ankles are, for the present, bound with lashings of raw cow hide, and who hoars a look of terror and anxiety in Iter countenance that it is almost impossible to describe, and which is clearly revealed not only by the flro-< light but also by that of some half dozen candles, which, stuck in lumps of damp clay in lieu of candlesticks, twinkle .here and there in'tho darker recesses of the subterranean cavern. Tito terrified prisoner is Rose Radclifle, and only an hour ago she foil into tho hands of those uncouth Philistines, where fore it will ho scon that her mother’s and Jqvor’s apprehensions concerning her woro neither i Uo or groundless. :! ' She had been' robbed of everything but her raiment and , at ; tho present /piotaeat two of her captors are .timidly pxdmimngherwatoh, wondering at first Nwhat live thing there can, be inside it making the noise j but presently they arrive at the conclusion (hat it is some thing _ ' uncanny, 7 and' - ptgdjjtpjj-UeV-efi diabolical, and throw it into the flimcs with shuddering abhorrence. At last the supper is pronounced ready, and lugging it off tho fire, they cub it up with their dirks, apportion it, and each feeds himself with his fingers. They offer their prisoner some of their rude fare, bub she shrinks with loathing from the red and half-raw meat. But they don’t press her to partake, for they have voracious appetites, and feci that they can polish off the entire carcase without any extraneous assistance whatever. And in tho course of another half hour they have polished it off, leaving only tho well picked bones, after which they he* take themselves to tho whisky, and before long are maddened and infuriated by the fiery peat-distilled spirit. The orgie grows wilder and wilder. Song and dance are succeeded by dispute and quarrel, to put a atop to which one of the soberest of the crew proposes that they shall proceed to cast lots in order to decide whose wife the girl shall be. The proposal is greeted with loud ac* claim. Lots are cast —poor Rose is gambled for ami won. I But a few minutes after this had occurred into the cave there strode one whose proud and lofty mein, chivalrous bearing, ond rich dress and arms, be« spoke him to be a Highland chief of some note. By tho desperate efforts that they made to appear sober, and the respect that they showed him, the band of savages evidently looked up to him as one of their leaders. He cast a stern glance around that seemed to take in all and to comprehend all. ‘ Away with you wolves, and pass the rest of the night upon the mountain side. Tho bleak wind and the barren hearth are too good for the like of you,’ he exclaimed in sonorous Gaelic,and, as be spoke, the pitying glance that he had cast upon the now trembling girl- prisoner changed into one of furious indignation and withering scorn as it swept around the circle of her cap'ors, duelling for a brief moment upon the countenance of each, as though looking for some special individual on whom to discharge the full current of his wrath. But he did not glare upon cowards, for one of the Highlanders at once stepped forth from the rest, and said, in tho same rude language as the chief had spoken in, ‘ I've done nought that I’ve occasion to be ashamed of. It is a time of war, and she is only a Southron. She was tho captive of our bows and spears, as tho Scripture puts it, and her ownership was decided by a fair casting of lots. She is consequently mice, and I dare to say it even to the beard of my chief.’ (to BB CONTI SUED). 