.MELBOURNE GOSSIP. Our latest war scare seems to have fizzled out. There weren't no ghost, therefore he couldn't walk. Loitering in the lobbies this week, it was amusing, to find how indignantly definite in asserting that they had never been "embraced" or approached; they didn't even add, "We wish wo had." There have been whisperings and mutterings among the doubtful ones; there always arc in the socond session, but they have no objective point to rally round. People chaff me still about my October prophecy. -Well, I have noticed that sporting tipsters are not always right. But I have still vanity enough to believe that had Sir James Patterson remained Jn the House there would have been a sudden Bo't from the blue at the close of the sessioD. Even now the Govern ment will not be wise to go'into the House too frequently without having their joker handy in the Adult Suffrage Bill. It can't get through thia session, but the Corner will expect .a re.connaissn.nce in force. There is a cartoon in the Sydney Bulletin representing the Prodigal Son—the Land and Income Tax Bill—returning from the Upper House to the author of his beiDg, the portly Premier, the latter aghast, exclaiming, " Why, Billy, my child, I wouldn't ha' known yer." The general idea is that the like fate will befall the Factories and Shops Amendment Bill here, if it is ever considered by the Council at all, of which there is but poor prospect this yoar. Should it pas3 committee and be re ported, Mr. Peacock's query will probably be " can these dry bones live ? " People are-asking why the Counuil didn't proceed with the Customs and Excise Duties Bill this week ? It would be a big worry and involve much sacrifice to get the Parliament of 1S95 into recess. At the time of writing, I confess I don't clearly see how it is to be done save under the promiso of an -early meeting next year, especially as it is whispered that the Council intends to seriously amend the Mallee Bill. Do you not notice just when there seemed a dawn of hopefulness, how suddenly the Federa tion causa appears to slacken. We have been for years striving to- iuduce New South Wales to enter the Federal pact. The instant she does so there is an ail-round droop away. The other colonies are like chickens moulting the feathers they have before with so much cackle fluttered in the wind. ■ Lord and L.v3y Brassey—please remember that high authority ordains the name should be pronounced as if spelled Brasey—are evi dently social democrats. They walk about our streets unescorted, or tour to andfroon the "tri" or tliJ " bi " and thank goodness they, assisted by the Cyclists' Association, have killed that hideous rational dress costume. All the female pedallisls you now see about weir the skirt. I haven't seen a " knick1' for so long that I have come to regard it as a dream phantasy. But it must he admitted that Melbourne crowds | exhibit bad forin in their efforts to gape at the ! vice-regal pair. When they visited the G.P.O. this week the crush in Bourke and Elizabeth streets was so great that the police had difficulty in kesp'ing passage way. When Lady Brassoy wai observed to enter a drapar's shop in Beurke-streot, the crowd outside so blocked the streetway that she was com nelled to escape by the back door into Little Bourke-street, not altogether a nice thorough fare for a lady's exit. I repeat this is not merely bad form but vulgar form. You will have noticed that the prosecution of Miss Ethel Greene for what was pronounced by the magistrates to be but a trifling and technical breach of the Factories Act proved to b-- a Booiefcy sensation. The reason was that Miss Greene is well-known in sccial circlcs as a daughter of Mr.'W. H. Greene, who was one of the Commissioners of Railways with Messrs. Speight and Ford, and was absolutely a guest of a lady of distinguished tit'e at the time when notice of proceedings was served upon her. I want to ask all visitors to Melbourne not to omit to visit our Botanical Gardens. One of my articles of faith has always been that the Sydney Gardens were the most beautiful, the Geeloug next, with Adelaide well np. I have seen all of them and very many others. But I fancy the Melbourne ones this Spring eclipse all. They are just fit and in condition to start for a championship record which 1 believe they would secure, for never hitherto has the Melbourne Botanic.:! looked in such rink of condition. It is one mm of bloom and brightness of foliage with lovely vistas and lawns ou which tho --ye lingers with that sense of coolness and rest which one fools on reading a perfect poem in the melody of which no discord j>us. As a visitor to that real bower of beauty three and four times weekly you ma}" eoueeivo the enthusiasion 1 feel wiien I request country visitors to town to dure iny uciighi. Once upon a time in the course of literary work I had to write cnch month a sort of snap shot review of every look and periodical that came to the colony—our mails then cubic monthly—for a leaning weekly aud a magazine, uuder thebeading of'Book World". During that experience there was developed Dick's shilling editions of Shakipoa.ro, Burns, Byron and other poe'.s. It was nasty paper, covur badly scivn, dirty looking typs and numerous errors. I am speaking or the early editions, I iiav'nt seen a Dick for ycr.rs. AVith Urn experience in remem brance, judi-c my astonishment, when a few daya ago, I was introduced to the Standard Library. This contwts of some forty or fifty volumes of the \vor!;s of the best authors and authoresses in English literature, bound in crimson cloth, exqiv.sitoly printed, fit to adorn r,iiv 'rentlemarr'a bnok-case, many of them v.vlt illustrate 1, guaranteed corrcst editions and pub lished C',t one shilling per complete work. Com paring value with price, this Standard Library is, I think, the cheapest publication I ever canie across in the Book World. It has occurred to those of the community who make the welf.'.re of our youth of both posts their nrineipal care, that far too much license is allowed ( hem in the matter of listening to court cases, many o; which have a distinctly prurient character. More than once an attempt has 1 c-ea made to have them excluded, and, as every one knows, their honors have pawcr to clear t he courts wheuever they think {it to do so. But there are occasions when the judges scarcely care to exorcise this power, or perhaps in tho crush of businc-ss forget to do so. It it; iiow suggeste.l, and in niy own personal opinion very properly so, that these youths should be pre cluded from attending sensational policc c iurt or other trials. On the other hand, it has to be remembered that many newspap T3 find it to their profit to publish the reports, s->v of salacious divorce casc-n, in full, and while this is so, there will be little to begiined in pre venting young people being present at trials, the details of which they am obtain, nud served up iu a manner most acceptable to their palates, In n/Tier to make tho rale absolutely Oornjai-Koryr it would bo ri1 Ct'-v:;\rv to have special larislatiMi dei.liuu wrh tUembject, and this is hardly likely to cutnmend usc-lf to a com munity th:it is alie.vdy prone.to compiaia of-a superabundance of grand - motherly law making. That wo should have an outcry against the liberty of the subject is likewise a certainty, so that all our purists can hope to accomplish is to draw the attention of on1- judges and polios mag'stratcs to the desirability of keeping their youthful : audiences within the lowest possible limits. The appointment, of Colonel Geracd Smith, to the Governorship of West Australia has for a wonder been greeted with satisfaction by the majority of the best English journals. There in West Australia must deem itself lucky, for the general rule has been to rake up all that wa.3 unpleasant in the history of the gentlemen who have been sent to rale over any o£ the Australian colonies. This is what truth savs:—" Colonel Smith is an excellent man of business and has enjoyed a long and wide experience of practical affairs so that he.is peculiarly fitted for his par ticular post. His appointment will be popular in Australia where satisfaction will be felt that Mr. Chamberlain does not follow the example of his predecessors at the colonial office by limiting his choice for such posts to a narrow groove." 1 he Princess management is already actively at work preparing its Christmas Pantomine the title of which ia " Djon Djon,which, by the bye, is the name of the special bogey with which Japanese mamas frighten their children into good behavior. The cast is to include Miss Florence "Soung, - Miss Madge "Rossell, the talented dancer from the recent Gaiety Com pany,-and Mr. George Lauri. Mr. VV. Barnes, the well-known artist, is preparing - the sketches for the dresses of the Amazons corps-de-ballet and the costumes, I understand are to be more than ordinarily novel and "gorgeouB." Mr. Barnes, it will be remembered, prepared tho sketches for the Australian bird ballet to be produced at Drury- lane Theatre next year. Rehearsals of " Djon Djon " are in active progress and, as X have said, the Princess managemement promises ua something very good^ for the T>antoniine oS 1895. Mr. Courtice Pounds, the new tenor who has arrived under engagement to Messrs. William son and Husgrov.e will be certain to .prove a decided acquisition toAustraliau musical circles.' Business took me to the Princess Theatre a day or two since whilcMr.Tounds was rehearsing for his colonial debut on Saturday night in "the Gon doliers." The new tenor has a beautiful flute-like voice, with a good range, evincing signs of care ful cultivation, and of a .timbre that is certain to prove acceptable to Melbourne playgoers. Mr Pounds also comes with the reputation of being the best stage dancer in England—no slight advantage in comic opera. What we want now is a first class prima, donna, for though Mis3 Wray is making rapid strides in her profession, she is hardly strong enough vet to fill the post of " First Lady" in' our principal comic opera company. The record of - the committee year con tinues. Never has any Yictorian Assembly, during the last 30 years, passed so much of its time in committee. I grumble not, for it has granted me this session a surcease of ease. But I the situation is odd. Supposing the Assembly sits every day up to Christmas, and abjures all private members' business, there" will-be., just eighteen days of session between now and Christmas. How is the absolutely necessary work to be done in tho time, leaving federation out of the question 1 There will be the usual scramble, and the " Let all things slide, so that we get up for recess somehow," and yet I fancy 1895 will not oloso without an insistence on a summer session in 1896, or rather moro likely, an earlier one of the next Parliament than usual. If the material interests of the people are endaugered by the continuous prattle in Parliament, there will be a revolt some day. Members need to make shorter speeches, preg nant of facts, not discussive ones. They had better leave the talking to the press. Talking of talking—I told you that I thought Mr. M-'Cay would beat Mr. Gordon in Cnstle maine. It is a bye-election, won by a very narrow majority for a Ministry which, lives on narrow majorities, and nothing to be proud of. Mr. M'Cay is a comparatively young man, of a career whioh follows much ia likeness to that of our present Attorney-general. Bat- the dif ference is that whilst a thinker lie is not an effective speaker. Whether he develops the speech talent in the atmosphere of the Assembly has yet to be seen. It is not bis yet. I have sometimes told you how men who make their mark outside, "quickly find their level in politics, tvhRTe vhey are matched against the most experienced and the best. It may be some comfort for old politicians to think that C^stle ■maine now speaks with otie voice and is no longer Janus faced. As to che two great tragedies of the week I have little to impart. But, though of course a jury returns its commonplace verdict, the feel is that Mrs. Divcve wa3 toully murdered whilst she slept and that there is no evidence of her consent to the commission of an awful crime. I happen to live in touch with those of her pro fession who knew her well and all avouch that she was about the last woman on earth to con sent to such a deed and point to the fact that she left no bcr-p of writiug implying coi.ssnt to it. As to Mr. Short I happen to be acquainted with one.of his. most intimate friends whose theory is that he had iucured the displeasure of his auperiers and felt it the more keenly be cause in the dark days lie was wont to pro claim to his friends and. neighbors "other banks may go wrong; tho Commercial is safeI am told its stoppage was really his death blow and led up to what is initself was inex cueable. I have had a long experience of racecourses in various parts of Australia, aacl have ■witnessed many curious.inoidents thereon. I have seen a redhot favorite beaten underalight weight early in the day, and a couple of hours after, running under vastly m^re unfavorable oouditions, come out and win easily, to the inducement of con siderably profanity and blasphemy that should have caused a blue haze. Iu the Albury dis-. trict I once saw a " welsher" dragged through a muddy waterhole again and again till he dis corgid bis ill gotten gains. Many years back I witnessed the stoppage of a horse that was win ning easily, the means adopted being a huge bough flung across the track, with an utter disregard fo'-the peril likely to accrue to horse and rider. But I never expected to encounter on a respectable suburban racecourse presided over by presumably qualified officials, and with every care taken.for tho preservation of law and order, such a stale of tilings as animated the trot- at Mentoue on Tuesday. It seems almost .incre dible thut on such a course a gang c-f rouahs should deliberately' spread themselves out on the race track to prevent the favorite from winning. Yet such was ihc ca-.e, and iu full view too of the roapL-ctible portion of the assemblage, who seemed powerless to interfere. Over and over again the V.R.C. Executive has been urged to put a "stopper".on some of these minor meet ings, or at the very least to supervise their pro grammes, but hitherto without effect. .Surely such a scene as that at Mentone should move them to action. If it does not, racing may ulti mately find iis.'lf interfered with by the legisla ture. There must be some powerful influence at work to prevent that Bowdon-Auderson racing case being brought into open eouri. With Mr. Bowden undoubtedly lies the strength of tho position. When he made his charge against Mr. Anderson at the V.A.T.O. annual meeting of havincr acted as a steward in a prates! in the result of which he pecuniarily interested he was virtually given the lie by tho resolution that was p.v-Ked. Ever since that time Mr. Bowden Ins expressed not only his willingness but his anxiety to have the matter investigated iu the iaw courts where evidence could be taken ou oath. Tho other side lias declined to adopt this course preferring to have tho matter dealt with by the V.A.T.C. committee, of which Mr. Anderson is a member. This is the sort of thing that is rapidly forcing pub lic opinion in Mr. Bo,','den's favor. It is now an open secret that at ieust two members oi I hi V.A.T.C. committee are determined that the whole matter shall be thoroughly inves tigated and settled one way or the other, one gentleman' assuring me ■ personally that " even it it were his own brother who was involved, he would have .to stand up and face sueh chnrgcs brought against him." Directly another committeeman returns to town a meeting will be held. Then wo ma.v expect " ructions." Some surprise has been expressed at the fact tint Lord aiut Lviy JJrowsoy have not vi«iie>t tile Oriental O.imivai no v.' being held in the Kxhibitijr, building. I am not inclined to att.ich much importance to the gossip that is going ven ,nl 11,,. !v.i nival i (i t lie effect that while his cXucl'euCy tjtiiuv willing to identify hilnaeli' with the fiisbionable Artists' Carnival he hardly cares to take the trouble of patronising one in aid of a humble JewishSynagogue. Tho fault Ithiuk will be with the management failing to invite him. Lord Brasscy has proved himtelf far toi manly and cosmopolitan in his vie,vs for such a theory as that advanced to he adopted, and multitudinous as are his engagement* he would if approached iu the orthodox manner, dud still sufficient time even at this late period to pay a short, and profitable to themanagoment, visit to tho carnival. Some light bus been thrown on tho way business is done at theEO carnivals or bazaars by an incident that, occurred at one held recently. An article, to wit a ease of piekle3, outside value li>s, was rallied for -!(H The drawing wr.s duly he'd, and tho " prize " "won by a citizen who had taken half a dozen shilling tickets to please a dark eyed persuader. Ho sent i» man servant for the esse which was marked "dozen bottle?," hut which on being opened was found to contain just five bottles. An inquiry was instantly m ide by the h.iziar executive but no trace could b? found of t he missiug bottles. isreiw the query ;a—Who'perpetrated the fraud which has left suspicion on several iunocent people? 