NATU-ftALIST. T H E G I L A MONSTER. One deadly venomous reptile about which little is known even by naturalists is the Gila monster, which is found in the deserts of tho southwest of America. It is a combination of the rattlesnake and the Asiatic basilisk in its poisonous effects, and has a mouth somewhat on the plan of that of an aEigator, and legs like those of a Ezard. This queer reptile was first discovered to civilization by the early Spanish explorers in the Gila river valley, in what is now Arizona. The Gila monster is of an average length of eighteen inches, of which about one-third is the tail. It is a sluggish, lazy animal, with a striped or spotted skin, is about two inches thick, has four short, thick legs, and as it slowly moves in the sand it is difficult to discover whether it is crawling or walking. Its head is thick and broad, with protuber ances over its round, bulging, opaque eyes like the horns of the so- called California horned toad. Its teeth are set Eke those of an alligator ; something on the plan of the serrated teeth in a cross-cut 6aw. It does not crawl in the grass Eke a snake, bask on rocks as a lizard does, or hibernate in the muddy streams as does the alligator, but is always found in the hot desert sands where the temperature is more than one hundred degrees and would roast anything except a salamander or GEa monster. It does not ' strike,' but bites, and when once its teeth grip a victim its powerful jaws close like a trap. Its grip is relentless as that of the snapping turtle, which, it is said, releases its grasp only when it thunders, though it be midsummer when it is caught. A n attempt to shake off this terrible monster only aggravates the wound. ; Major Tower, U. S. A., now stationed in New York city, and who spent two years in Arizona on staff duty, tells of a co-wbay who caught a Gila monster and tied him to the crupper of his saddle, so as to bring him to cam£>. On arriving he reached back to get the reptile to show what he had brought in. The monster caught the cowboy's thumb in its mouth and closed down. He could not unclosed the reptile. Finally a man put his foot on the monster's body, and another succeeded in thrusting a bowie-knife in its mouth and thus pried it open. HeflnaEy had to split its mouth before the cowboy could let go of the reptile. '-No,' said Major Tower, ' it did not kill the cowboy, but he came near losing his arm. I presume that in its anger the reptile had made several attempts to bite and thus emitted aE of its venom. Otherwise, nc doubt, the man would have died. Oh; yes, whisky is used as an antidote, but tho average Arizona brand is about as bad as the bite. The Yuma Indians have a curative in the snake root, which they use when bitten by a rattler or Gila monster. Though the monster is native to the Gila valley, which is in the vicinity of Yuma, where it was first discovered, it is also sometimes found in the Death valley. Prospecting miners, in at tempting to cross the deserts, have lain down under the scant shade of a cactus, or among a patch of tunas, and have awakened in tbe agonies of death, poisoned by these creepiu _ reptiles, which impregnate the air with their fetid breath. When found the body has turned black, but the dry climate preserves it from putrefaction, and unless covered by the drifting sands is eaten by coyotes. It is very likely that in such cases the coyotes themselves die, because the poison of the Gila monster has comparatively Ettle moisture in its composition, and has preserved its deadly qualities. This has been tested by Indian medicine men, who have subjected the venom of the monster to the boiling process, with the view of weakening its power. It was found that a whitish sediment settled at the bottom after several hours' boiling. This sediment was bottled for more than a year, at the end of which time it was found - to be more powerful than ever. The medicine men tested the virus by injecting the difitiEed poison into rabbits and other animals. ' One of the most daring things I ever witnessed,' said Major Tower, ' was a test of his powers given by one of these medicine men near Yuma. The chief medicine man, who also claimed to be a wizard and possessed of supernatural powers, assembled his aids around his oauldron, whioh was boiling and bubbling with roots, herbs, lizards, snakes, etc. He was making medicine for tho tribe. It was a weird spot, amid a grcve near the Gila river, and the night was very dark, especiaEy suitable for the gruesome work. * The chief medicine man drank liberally of snake-root tea, and then his body was liberally washed with some liquid that made it impervious to poison. The body, bare to the waist* was then painted in red and white etwatet^rAjw akia bang fr<>"> tha mist., We aE sat around in tho firelight like ghosts before a fnneral pyre. The medicine man bounded into tbe arena with a 'ho-ho,' brandishing over his head two GEa monsters. Then he vari«l ihe p-ogramme by twirling them around his bx-i, and permitting th-'m to crawl . '1 over him. We looked upon this daring leat with horror, while the Indians viewed it with superstitious frenzy, and showered upon the medicine chief all the presents they could command. ' He then g<vce them wmo o£ the medicinr, which had been boiling and bubbling during an incantation. The dope of which they partook in double quantity would make them snake proof for the eoraing year. No. the monsters' teeth were not extracted, and that is the most surprifine thine about it. We tried to get the nieiiirino man's secret for this mysterious charm, or whatever it may be, but to nc avail. They do not write prescriptions, even in their own dialect, but when they want a certain ingredient for a compound they go out and dig it up. They generally go at night, so that others may not learn the Eecret, just as the pale face medicine man shrouds his secret by writing Latin prescriptions. ' Tbe medicine man 'eachcs his science to Lis son. His most lucrative practice is in tellins' a panacea for snake bites—a decoction that will make the body impervious for u year against all snake bites—jnst as we vaccinate for tho prevention of the smallpox. A decoction made of the jimson woed is said to be an antidote for poison and makes the patient wiser aad enables him to see visions— perhaps snakes. ' With the Yuma Apaches the snake is an object of veneration, especially the rattler and the Gila monster, and the euake dance is no doubt the most weird, horrifying and gruesome spectacle a person ever witnessed. In fact, very few white people have witnessed d them. About three days before the snake worship the medicine men pro out into tbe desert and alonir the banks of the Gila river, on a still hunt for snakes. When the reptile is seen one of the medicine men stealthily approaches, and with a bunch of eagle feathers tied to a stick about, a foot long begins to unlimber and cruwl airay. ' Then with his thumb and forcfmge" he seizes the reptile by the back of the nock and thrusts it into a leather sack. When enough squirming beauties have been caught, fit'ccti or twenty, according to the number of medicine men who are to participate in the dauce worship, tho snakes are carried to a viV.nge estufa (house of worship) and turned i iose. The medicine men fast three days, as al?" do the snakes. ' The medicinemen have drunk liherally of snakeroot tea and washed their bodies in antiuoison decoctions, laying it on like mine ladies paint their face?, an inoh thick. On the night before ihe dance the snake= are placated by being sprinkled with corn mnal. Corn meal is the Indian's incense, and the sprinkling is supposed to allay the snakes' venom and power. ' About sundown the dancers file out of the estufa, where they have been fasting and dancing—the Indian dances when he prays. Their bodies are bare to the waist; a short buckskin garment extends from tho waist to the knee ; their legs and feet are bare, the body is painted white and crimson, and the oustomary fox- skin hangs from the waiit. The master of ceremonies dumps down several sacks of snakes in front of the line of dancers. Two men dance with one snake. TheGila monster was known to the Apaches of the desert long before the Spaniards oame, but neither they nor the Americans have learned tho secret of propitiating bim, or of making themselves suake-bito proof ' 