" TRUTH" ON WEST AUSTRALIAN METHODS. In a recent issue of Truth, " Moses Moss " again refers to the subject of the West Aus- tralian Land Company in the following terms :— My remarks of a few weeks ago concern- ing the treatment which is being meted out by the West Australian Government to the West Australian Land Company in connec- tion with the Great Southern Railway, have brought me several communications endorsing my strictures, and asking me to further dis- cuss this important question. No one can hold a higher opinion of the future of the West Australian goldfields than I have conceived after making every investigation and hearing many views from those best able to judge. But I also see that West Australia will not be able to achieve the progress to which she is now entitled without serious danger, unless the colony be very wisely governed, especially from a financial point of view. By giving publicity to the following letter, I therefore hope to serve the true in- terests of this colony, which was until re- cently the very Cinderella of Australasia :— " Your recent references to the conduct of the Government of Western Australia must, I feel sure, have attracted a great amount of attention. Amongst the Renter's telegrams in the daily papers of the 5th instant is one from Perth announcing that a Bill has been passed for a loan of £1,500,000 to be issued in London, and spent upon Fremantle Har- bour, and railsways to Coolgardie, Collie Coal Fields, and Bridgetown, and other matters. The population of the colony, including the floating population at the goldfields is only about 70,000. Of this, Perth, the capital, has about 10,000, and Fremantle about 8 000. For this small population a large sum is being spent—most probably wasted—in attempting to make an artificial harbour at Fremantle, but the grossest part of this wasteful expen- diture lies in the railway works towards Bridgetown. According to the Premier's speeches this is part of a grand trunk line be- tween Perth and Fremantle and the port of Albany on King George's Sound (a greater distance than from London to Carlisle), but according to the local papers it is a line in- tended to enable the Government to run its mails and passengers to the port without using the Great Southern Railway, the line referred to in your issue of the 28th ult., as built with some £900,000 of British capital, at, I assume, the invitation of the West Aus- tralian Government. Along the new route thus proposed there are not 1,000 people. So, for a total population at both ends and en route of less than 25,000 two lines of railway serving the same termini are to exist. The utter absurdity of such a proposition is evi- dent, and if such a duplication of line ís permitted neither will it have for many years a ghost of a chance of doing more than paying working expenses, even if so much as that. I will say nothing as to the morality of the Government in even proposing such a scheme. " This Reuter's telegram also states that the popularity of the Premier is very great, and I venture to say that it will continue to be so as long as he pursues a ' vigorous ' policy— that is, borrows money largely to be expended on public works, and so causes coin to circu- late freely in the colony. Western Australia it seems, will not take warning by the lessons offered in the experiences of the more eastern colonies, and, unless stopped, will create a debt that will cripple (if not ruin) her for many years to come. With prudence she has a splendid future—without, financial ruin, before her. Yours, &c;, Caution." If the facts as to the proposed duplication of the Great Southern Railway are as stated, investors in that undertaking and in the Western Australian Land Company will have a serious grievance, in addition to that which I stated in Truth of November 29, of the refusal of the West Australian Government to allow the claims to the land selected in lieu of subsidy, backed though the Company be by a favourable decision of the Privy Council. Sir John Forrest, whilom an intrepid Australian explorer, is an able and distinguished man, and it rebounds greatly to his credit that he has risen to his high position entirely by his own efforts ; but if he reflects on the conse- quences of the policy which he appears to have adopted, of interfering with the just claims of British investors, who pour their hundreds of thousands into the colony, he will pause before finally committing himself to a course opposed to honourable dealing and to all statesmanship." 