Parisian Parlance, September 28. Messrs. Rochefort andde Cassegnao are the two most conspicuous lashers up of patriotic indignation respecting the lamentable Madagascar affair. The ex pedition was conducted on the lines of Marshal Kiel's boast, in July. 1870; not a button was wanting on the gaiter of a soldier. Only the soldiers that were counted upon -figured on paper. In Madagascar the soldiers were forthcoming but not the gaiters ; there was a complete absence of all preparation to care for them when they disembarked ; the food for the healthy was rice and beef, and for the fever- stricken beef nndrice. Ab tho doctors had no medioine chests, they were brought to a standstill. It was too late to pro- paro antiseptic cotton masks, as was pro posed by the Academy of Medicine, for the soldiers to Bcreen from their lungs the seed fever germs of the swampB. The illustrated journals are 1 sou, and 2 sous "awfuls." Thoy picture the poor sol diers in Madagascar dropping out of the ranks, the dead and dying, as the regi ments tottered forward. General Fever fought for the Malagasys, as Generals January and February do for the Rus sians. _ Then the arrival of the transports with invalids, that good souls call con valescents, after doing coffinship duty in the burning atmosphere of the Red Sea, is another harrowing spectacle. The poor sick fellows seemed delighted that they were again in France, though certain not to recover, Everything is known about the abeonce of organisation, save the number of deaths. Private letters published put down the number of sick soldiers en route at present at 1,300, there are 4,000 in hospital, and between 20 and 30 graves are dug daily. The aim now is to establish the responsibilities. M. de Cassagnao, though an anti-ropublican, pertinently demands what has been the value of the breakdown under the empire, if the Third Republic turna out not to be a whit better. Ho accuses M. Faure roundly of being responsible for a share of the disasters. When as Minister of the Marine, he aided in the organisation of the campaign, he planned boats toconvey the troops 123 miles up rivers, only he forgot the rivers were not navigable. Cassagnac is terribly severe on General Meroier, the ex- Minister of War, who took upon himself all the responsibilities of tho campaign, and who in presence of the collapse is retained in command of an' army corps. M. de Cassagnao is mad at the thought that the Germans and English must be laughing at the situation of France, in that real essay of war — the expedition to' Madagascar— turning out a failure. That takes the bloom off the victory, he says, of the 120,000 men who in tho late autumn manoeuvres conquered an imaginary enemy. For six months the naval and military authorities were leisurely occupied planning the campaign, and behold the results, the first serious test of 25 years of military organisation, and the expenditure of 25 milliards of francs. General Rosquit remarked of the English in the Crimea, they were " an army of lions led by donkeyB." M. de Cassagnac claims the sarcasm to be turned upon the French. And what will be the upshot of the whole business ? Ho one's head will be chopped off, no functionary dismissed. Antananarivo will be taken, the fever battalions will be forgotten in the rejoioings, and matters will continue as boforo. There is one man who ought to have a troubled conscience just now — Dr. de Mahy, the deputy for Reunion. He incited tho country and the Parlia ment to seize the island. It looks so big, like the Sahara on the map. Ho knew the country well, had tonredit; it was blessed with a " happy climate it was an Eden. If the fever dead did not find the swampB a paradise, may they have found it to be the direct road to paradise. As a political factor in Europe, the King of tho Belgians does not count, his neutrality constitutes his .safety, because guaranteed by the Powers ; Belgium is one of those eunuch states that do most good by keeping quiet. It possesses all the advantages for being the cockpit of Europo. To side with any power Bel gium would be at once wiped out, and absolved by either France or Germany, England holding Antwerp, as either might he the etrongor. Instead of living lmppy in his Dutch chceBe, King Leopold desired to speculate porsonully in a State of his own ; hence his Congo mis fortunes. He wants to soil out his interest in the Congo speculation ; his own subjects dcolino to bid, as that might drag Belgium into complications not consistent with her neutral safety. France has executed a treaty of first right to purchase, if King Leopold brings his property to the hammer, but Germany and England do not recognise that diplomatic rule of thumb. The French will not lend King Leopold one sou on his vested Congo rights; no matter how he playB to the gallery, no dancers will re spond to his piping. Madagascar will act as a cold douohe on tho French for many a day, respeoting colonial expansion. The king's friendship or hate is not of the slightest im portance to either France or any other power. .Belgium would be only a mouth ful for tho Teutons if his Majesty carried on too much flirtation with tho Gauls. Let the king file liis schedule or com pound like other embarrassed mortals. Debt and death aro democrats. The mania of our age — there are several unhappily — is the love of plaoe, a per manent office of some kind, conneoted with the State or municipality. The demand . for work in the great cities of. France, as olaowhore, is incredible, and can he only gauged in the case of filling up of a vacanoy. Take the primary schools of Paris : For the male teachors the annual number of vacancies is about 42, and for these 1,850 applications, all trained and holders of diplomas. In the female sohocls there are 54 vacancies yearly, and for whioh there aro 7,139 young women holding diplomat. The authorities have muoli to answer for in luring suoh girls to a life- deception. For tho post of sohool concierge there are 134 candidates for every vacanoy. In the financial depart ment of the municipality the average number of vaoanoies annually is 20 ; to fill theso thero aro 3,120 applicants, mostly all of whom have taken out their university degree of B.A. Somo are licensed dootors, others have hocn called to tho bar. Thoro aro oight yearly vacanoieB for tho keoping of a tobacconist shop of the seoond class— the first - olass shops are given to, among othors( the widows of generals and of academicians ; thero wero 2,619 applicants for the posts. For ovory vacancy in a newspaper kiosquo, thero aro 0,150 demands, eaoh hacked strongly by leading men, deputies, senators, and even Ministers, Happy , the individual that his his calling and seleotioa sure. It. makes the mouth water, when, as was lately revealed, a London costprmonger can make- 7,000. francs a week— three times the income of a curate, '-and equal to. that of a French general's salary, or. the stipend of annroh- bishop. "Artichokes and cauliflowers; who will buy, who'll buy from me !" The I900 exhibition will not be, as vain people think, wholly devoted' to eating and drinking ; true, the serious in dustries may be conspicuous by their absence. . Who studies when the air is full of pleasure, and all is joy ? Is it to have a look at the latest locomotive that a lady orders an exhibition toilette ? The ladies are interested in anthropsychology, and the gentlemen to be gallant in gyne- cocracy in its vastest sense. But the exhibition will give practical proofs of piety; already three "Parliaments of Religions" are to be held ; others are an nounced, to say nothing of possible new creeds. In the National Assembly of 1873, General Changarnier always threatened his friends, the Royalists, with secession of his party, were they too re actionary ; he had neither staff, nor rank, nor file, and on his deathbed yielded up the ghost of his mania to tho Comte de Paris. The Freemasons are to have their " Religious Parlia ment," though those of France are atheists even by heredity ; the Jews are to have their Pentateuch Parliament, so are the Freethinkers, the Materialists, the Adorers of Nature, and the Theosophists ; the Positivists, Comparativists, and Super- lativists will be sure to demand debating accommodation. And the Blanquists, whose creed is "Neither God nor master," and the Anarchists, who push their propagandism by facts as well as by theories, will doubtless demand a parlia mentary locus standi. " If Christ came to " — Paris ? But how will France raise the money for all her noeds ? M. Lockroy, chair man of the Budget, is likely to fall into creeping paralysis at the gravity of the financial situation of the country, which expends more than it receives. How raise the wind? He does not know, since his plans for doing so are only sup ported by the strata of society that will be exempted from the taxgatherer'n calls. All is barren from Dan to Beersheba. But is there no balm in Gilead — is there no physician there ? That will not be known till October 22, when the Parliament re assembles. If the state of the budget be a cause of alarm, the state of trade is more so, Between 1890 and 1894 the exportations of France have declined 075,000,000 francs; they are to-day less by 10,000,000 francs than in 1885 ; importations have also fallen, so that exports and imports together represent a decline of 1,262,000,000 francs. The sting of the statistics lies in the .fact that the revenue returns of Germany are prosperous. Neither par liamentary debates, nor protection, nor universal exhibitions will remedy the causes of evolution at work. The in dustrial and commercial worlds aro being transformed. There are more mouths to bo fed, more hands to he employed. New competitors — Germany, Italy, Belgium, Spain, the United States, Austria, Ac. — have entered the field, and demand their share of the sunshine, while many other states produce for their own wants, in the east for example. The nation that produces best and cheapest will rule the foreign market, where there are five vendors where formerly thoro was only one. Diplomatically, Russia is considered to hold the record. She haB walked ronnd England, to all appearance, in the Armenian question, in a manner that, must make the silent Turk himself laugh. England is not yet cured of her putting belief in Russian sincoritv, and forgets that the Muscovite is two centuries he- hind European civilisation. In diplomacy, however, eaoh State has itsown decalogue, its own two or throe moralities, so age does not count for much in international rectitude — cannon and cordite are moro useful than treaties. Senator Magnier, who has bid his native land goodnight, has been drummed out of France ; his decree of outlawry has been rend in the public streets to the music of a devil's tattoo. Sucli attention bus never before been paid to lawmakers. Villemessant, who founded tho Figaro, was a hot royalist ; to soothe his exas peration against the republic he would rail down to Brussels, havo a look at King Leopold, and return satisfied. The' Comte do Chambord, who feared to become King of France, he said, " was a Newfoundland dog, that dreaded entering the water." The nrmv of Franco does not now possess a marshal. Tlio lute Mnrshul Canrobert was Hie last, anil tlio first wns Marshal I'ierre, ap pointed by Phillipo- Augusts in 1185. At first tho dignity was purely oriiamentiil. The writer of fiction had been out very late, but when he got homo lie explained lils'turdi- ness at length and with great minuteness. His wife listened without comment until tiio end. " Well," lie said, after a gloomy pause, "doesn't that explanation satisfy you t" " Perfeotly," she replied, " it wns lovely. Only, John, deur, I think it is very extravagant of you to squander so muoli originality outside of your business." 