BAPTISM.' TO THE EDITOR OF THE ADVERTISER. Sin,—I am p'aced siinilaily to Mr Por teus in respect to the (lnfcuco of our mode of baptism. Before I wrote my first article an adherent of the Methodist Church said, “If you do not answer Mr Porteus, he has the best side of it.” I am not at all anxious about my own reputa tion, but I am compelled to defend my position—heneo my articles in your paper on Baptism. If Mr Porteus does not write on this subject again I suppose I shall not cither. But I cannot accept Mr Porteus’s dictum, “ If this does not settle the matter no amount of evidence and argument will avail anything.” I do not claim to 1 e in fallible in my reasoning, or in my exegesis of the Divine truth. And I acknowledge the difficulty of putting away all bias, whether it be on the side of immersion or sp' inkling. Therefore, to many a thorough investigation is necessary. I admit readily, and always did. that Mr Porteus, or any other teacher, is justified in giving his views on the subject. And I suppose that I am also, Iu his reply to me, Mr Porteus quotes from my article—“But it did not occur to me that when Paul spoke of baptism, he wa3 stating the cause of division, any more than when he spoke of crucifixion.” And Mr Porteus remarks, “ This sounds very marvellous, when bap tism is expressly mentioned ; but I am not aware that the crucifixion was ever the subji ct of dispute in the Corinthian Church.” Neither am I, sir, nor do I find that baptism was the subject of dispute in that church. The passage dealing with the divisions occurs in I. Cor., i., 10—17. IVe find these words, “ Each one of you saith, I am of Paul, and I of Apollos, and I of Cephas, and I of Christ. Is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized into the name of Paul ?" The questions give three ideas ; hut the passage does not show that baptism, any more than crucifixion, was the cause of division. It does not show that either, or both, of these were the cause of division. I understand it thus : three sets of people held up each a different man ns their leader; the other set said, “We don’t acknowledge any man as leader hut Christ Himself.” Faul asked what right they had to cultivate a party spirit at all. I believe it is by the work of the Holy Spirit, and not by virtue of the water, that we are brought into “spiritual relationship to God the Father and to Christ the Son.” Baptists do not believe that the water, or the act of baptism, possesses any virtue ; apart from personal faith it is useless. But that does nr.t alter or modify the importance of the mode of administra tion. Let us look at the special passage referred to (Bom., vi., 3—4) “ . . . All we who.were baptized iuto Christ Jesus were baptized into his death .’ We were buried therefore with him through baptism into death : that like as Christ wns raised from the dead . . . we also might walk in new ness of life.” Dr Barnes says, “ It is alto gether probable that the Apostle in this place had allusion to the custom of bap tizing by immersion.’’ Archbishop Tiilot son : “ Ancient'y those who were baptized were immersed and buried in the water, to represent their death to sm, and then did rise up out of the water, to signify their entrance upon a new life. And to these customs the apostle alludes." Dodd ridge says : “ It seems the part of candour to confess that here is an allusion to the matter of baptizing by immersion.” E. Whitfield asserted: “ It is certain that in the words of our text there is an allusion to the manner of baptism, which was by immersion, which is what our church allows.” John Wesley Eays the text alludes “to the ancient manner of bap tizing by immersion.” Conybeare wrote : "This passage cannot be understood unless it be borne in mind that the primitive baptism was by immersion.” Not one of these was a Baptist; yet they were forced by sheer common-sense to agree with Baptists about this passage. Can Mr Porteus explain the passage satisfactorily in any other way ? I said, “They (sprinklers of babies) put sprink ling first and the Gospel second." Mr Porteus complains : “Thus my principles, arguments and practices are all reversed by a bald assertion by Mr Pitman.” Now, Sir, whicli will carry more weight, theory or practice? The theory is that Mr Porteus pat the Gospel first and sprinkling second. But I thought the child was sprinkled while a baby, and if it lives a few years it may have the Gospel preached to it. Does the practice accord with the theory l Or is not my assertion correct? Mr Porteus was mistaken about the “ oil.” I did net mention it, I called attention to the elements used in ceremonial purifica tion to show that they are not equivalent to Christian baptism. Barnes refers the “ divers washings” of Heb. 9—10 to the various ablutions required in the service of the Tabernacle and Temple, ns in Ex., xxx , 19—21, washing of hands and feet of the priest going into the tent of meeting ; find 2 Cbron., iv, fi, where we read of washing of the things that belonged to the burnt offering in lavers prepared for that purpose. I believe the reference is correct. It is evident that these washings were not by sprinkling. The washing of hands, etc., was to be done in the laver with water. In Sum., xix, we have a detailed descrip tion of the divers washings, which were not all by sprinkling, and of the sprinkling of the unclean for the purifying of the flesh. The priest, and the man who burns the sacrifice, must wash their clothes and lathe their flesh in water, and the man who gathers the ashes of the sacrifice must wash his clothes. Then we read that those who came into contact with the dead body of a man, and vessels in the place where the man died, were accounted unclean. The ashes of the burnt sacrifice, mixed with water, should be spii.kled uptn the tent and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were there, etc. ; after which the unclean man must wash his clothes and bathe himself in water and be clean. Here we have described the divers washings and the sprinkling for I purification. The washings and the sprink lings were perfectly distinct. How, then, can it be held that the sprinklings of Heb., X, 13, are descriptive of the “ divers washings” of verse 10? I submit that those washings (baptismons) were not by sprinkling. Mr Porteus refers again to the baptism of the Spirit ut Pent cost. The argument briefly put is—Jesus said, “ Ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost." Joel says. “I will ponr out my spirit upon all flesh.” “ The promised baptism came on the day of Pentecost, but it was by pouring—they were not dipped or im mersed in the spirit.” To this, as the writer at vs, “an unmistakable case! ” I must not make n “bald assertion,” so must reason it out. God promised to pour out tlie .Spirit. The disciples were to be baptized with the Spirit. Therefore baptism is pouring. Note how the event is recorded iu Acts ii, 1—4. (1) A sound as of the rushing of a mighty wind filled the house. (2) Tongues like as of fire sat upon each of them. (3) They were filled with the Holy Spirit. Here is the fulfil ment of the promise. But to which of these three points does baptism refer.’ Surely not to the sound, nor to the fiery appearance. These were only the physical accompaniments of the Holy Spirit. It can onlv refer to the last—" They were filled with the Holy Spirit.” Again, this was essentially' a spiritual baptism,on both the Divine aud human side, it was not the body, but the spirit, of the man that was baptized. The body became “ the temple of the Holy Spirit, which is in von.” —1 'Cor., vi—19. The men being filled with the Holy Spirit, their spirits were surely immersed in the Holy Spirit. If this is not the correct explanation of the baptism of the Spirit, what does it mean .’ The Spirit was poured ; the disciples were baptized ; baptism resulted from the pouring. This is an t.lcl argument. Neither of us Can claim originality on this point. I also must refer aaniu to I. Cor., x„ j_-j_“ baptized unto Moses iu the cloud and in the sea." Mr I’orteus gives me too much credit when he says, “Mr Pitman finds no difficulty about them (Isr.idites) bciii" plunged over head and ears in the sea, 'ami still calling it dry land.” I should find much difficulty even in making such an assertion. Mr i’orteus has prob ably forgotten the meaning of the word “immerse.” If you put a man in a box and clo=e the lid he is immersed. If a T.i.hi is wholly covered he is immersed. If you dip an article into something as far as it is dipped it is immersed ; but the article could be immersed without dipping. I am afraid, Sir, tills is rather a “ lengthy effusion ; ” but ns it will probably he the last, I trust that you will excuse me and I>nut it -lours, etc., f # PITMAN, 