-t . -- . ,". FROMf OUR OWN CORRESPNDRNT'. There villie' no election in the Shire of 3torningtol for either position of councillor or auditor. The retiring gentlemen being unopposed. That the football match Mornington 1 v. Frankston, played at Frankston last Saturday was one of the most enjoy able, bent contlested and ably unpired giamces our boys have hut this seasuon is the oplIion of the Point team to a man. Mr. .1. C. Sadleir, by his knowledgo of the rules and strict impartiality to lIs decisions, amply deimonsirated the fact that an niupire canl tnake or nmar the winter game. h'leh difference in the scores is by no means any indication, of the relative merits of the two tex ams, for in the first, second, and last quarter of the :gnau the mlost enthusiastic sup porters must adlit that there was nothing to choose between the rival terams. The third quarter, when Frankaton put u, a couple of goals in less than ten minutes, was where Frankston wen. The two events of the past week have beeIn the Mornington Footlhill Club social held last Wednesday oven ing, 7th inst., and their niatchi with Frauks.oun list. Saturday, of the latter I have referred to, and now for a few words absout the mIit successful ?event. For the social tie hall had been taste fully dlrcirated for the occasion. The stage was onle Iass of evergreens, well arrangliel, strings 'if flags and Chinese lanterns a.trelcheod across the rooml mall a pleasin.g etffct, o-(,-r tlhe imain doir, Al.['.C. in large red letters on green haizo gtonna were shown SThe floor was in first-class order and the music ably contributed by Messrs. Sheaf (Elphoninui), Coles (Fliute), t TeCrlyl(piano), and was an innv.ation in that respect. [erssrs Garlick and Libbhey (accordeons) and Messrs. Elliott :ard . .Murplhy alas, played several dances. Mr. P'. Martin carried out th l lu Lirs of M.C. .in an celicient i manner. L)ana-ing was aominmeiced at half-past 8, and continued with great 3 vigor till half-jl?at 5 a.m., interspersed with coml? and sentimenttal vocal items. The whole affair was a pronounced success, and as it was an invitation by the communittee to miembers of the club, it was a football affair in every respect, and an event that will not soon be forgotten by those prescnt.- Nearly lifty couples occupied the floor, and at midnight light refreshments were partaken of, after which dancinglwas resumed and kept merrly ,going till daylight. One of the features of the evening, and responsible in no small degree to the unqualified success of the social, was the performance of Mr Steven Slheaf, who kindly, consented to strengthen the'music by his services on th6' euphouium, and the: gentlemen named proved uilniself a capable master x.f his instrument and providinlg a rare treat for those who had the. plasr~re of x dancing to his music. Mr Coles (flute) and T"eerl" (piano), also played in a a manner lhat left nothing to be desired. A1 vi al programuie was carried out 3 between the dances. 'rho following SItenms being rendered :-A1r. T. Cald well, The Sleeping Camp and They All Love Jack; Mr. Currie, Song that Reached My Heart; Mr. Herrixng, The 1 Little Hero; Mir. Sheaf (comic) Strol I hag Round the Town, encore, Rather; Mr Ferguson, Parody, Wearin' of the t Green ; Messrs Currie and Teerly, Genevieve ; Misses Farnham and 1Dyer, 1Miners D)rcanu; Messrs A. and W\V. Edwards, Larboard Watch ; AMiss I )yer, InI the Gloaming ; Ar Currie, Never l'ush a Man Going Down the \- Hill ; Misses Bunn and Gillet, iustic Bridge; Mr Sheaf, Ghost of Benjanmin \- links ; encore Tinkle Tinkle J'umn; I Misses Fl"arnh:am a;d Dyer, Good-bye, a Mavournaeen and Juanita. Thi gem 0 of the evening was the conic songs rendered by Mr. Slheaf, that gentltemen possaessing the various qualifications,. asuch a"s voice. appearance and business so essential to the proper rendering of °a cotlic song. Mr. Slte4[ had to re r spo'ld to vociferous encores. Mr Murphy. tbo praesident of the club and Mr llerring, secretary, briefly thanked the company for their presence. The company dispersed at daylight, one and all well pleased with their evening's en joyment. 