Choice Stories. The Montezuma Emerald [BY R. OTTOLENGUI.] [CONCLUDED.] Jurnpingfron^Meab almost before it had f ully=atoppedin front of the Morgue, he stai^bl^d^Mnearly fell over a decrepit looking beigger, upon whose breast was a pritA&f; alms for the blind. Bf?.. Barnes dropped a coin, a silver quartel^itrfco liis outstretched palm, and hamJi lnto the building. As he id so he %as jostled by a lall man who was coming out, and. who seemed to have lost; v Ills temper, as he mattered an impreca tion under his breath in Spanish. As the detective's keen ear noted the foreign tonguean idea occurred to him which made him turn and follow the stranger. When he reached the street again he received double surprise. The stranger had already signalled the cab which Mr. Barnes had but just left, and was enter ing it, so that he had only a moment in wmch to observe him. Then the door was slimined, and the driver whipped up his horses and drove rapidly away. At the same moment the blind begger jumped up, and ran in the direction taken by the cab. Mr. Barrieswatched them till both cab. and. beggar disappeared around the nest corner, and then he went into the building again, deeply thinking over the episode. He found the Morgue-keeper, and was taken to the corpse. He recognised the clothing at once, both from the descrip tiongiven by Williams, and because he remembered to have seen Mr. Mitchel so dressed. It was evident that the body had'been in the water for several days, and the marks of violence plainly pointed ttf. murder. StiU sticking in the back was a furious dagger of foreign make, the handle projecting between the shoulders. T&e;' blow must have been a powerful 4itiroke,;for the blade was so tightly wedged injthe bones of the spine that it resisted ordinary efforts to withdraw it. More over, the condition of the head showed th^t;a crime had been committed, for the skull and; face were beaten into a pulpy mass with some heavy instrument. Mr. Barnes turned away from the sickening right to examine the letters found upon thje corpse. One of these bore the Paris post mark, and he was allowed to read it. It was from the jewellers, and was the letter alluded to in the the warning cable, Its contents were: * Dear Sir—As we have previously advised you, the Montezuma emerald was shipped to you on the the tenth instant. On the following day the man from whom we had bought it was found dead in Dover Street, London, killed by a dagger-thrust between the shoulders. The meagre accounts telegraphed to the papers here'state that there is uo clue to the assassin. We were struck by the name, and remembered that the deceased had urged us to buy the emerald, because, as he'declared, lie feared that a man had followed him from Mexico, intending to murder him to get possession of it. Wjrtiin an hour of reading the newspaper story, a gentlemanly-looking man, giving the name of Miguel Palma, entered our storf, and ^asked if we had purchased the Montezuma emerald. We ^replied -nega tively, and he smiled and left. We notified the police, but they have not yet been able to find this man. We deemed It our duty to warn~^tjT"3mr did so by cable." The signature was that of the firm from which Mr. Barnes had received the cable in the morning. The plot seemed plain enough now. After the fruitless murder of the man in London, the Mexican had traced the emerald to Mr. Mitchel, and had followed it across the water. Had he succeeded in obtaining it? Among the things found on the corpse was an empty jewel-case, bearing the name of the Paris firm. It seemed from this, that the gem had been stolen. But if so, this man, M^uel Palma, must be made to explain his.lmowledge of the affair. Once more visiting the Imperial, Mr. Barnes, made inquiry, and was told that Mr. Palma had left the hotel on the night of the previous Thursday, which was just a lfew* hours before Mr. Mitchel had undoubtedly reached there alive. Could it be that the man at the Morgue had been he ! . If so, why was he visiting that place to view the body of his victim ? Tins was a problem over which Mr. Barnes puzzled, as he was driven up to the residence of Mr. MitcheL Here he found Williams, and imparted to that faithful-servant the news of his master's death; and then inquired the address of the'family abroad, that he might notify them by cable, before they might read the bald statement in a newspaper. ' As they only . Bailed a week ago to-day,' Baid Williams, 'they're hardly more than due in London. I'll go up to the master's desk and get the address of his London fcaik&s.;' As Williams turned to leave the room, he started back amazed at the sound of a bell. * That's the master's bell, Inspector! Some one is in his room! Come with me!' The two men bounded upstairs, two ; utepsata time, and Williams threw open the door of Mr. Mitchel'& boudoir, and then fell back against Mr. Barnes, crying: 4<The master himself 1' 2b.. Barnes looked over the man's Whqulde^i &nd; could scarcely Relieve his eyes when he observed Mr. Mitcliel, alive and well, brushing his hair before a mirror. Tye rang for you twice, Williams,' sai^jMr. Mitchel, and then, seeing Mr. Barnes, he added; 'Ah, Mr. Barnes! You are very welcome. Come in. \Shy, whaA^ihe matter, man! You are as while as^Hbugh you had seen a ghost.' •TfiSMk^God you are safe,' fervently ejaculated the detective, going forward and greggiug Mr. Mitchel's hand. ' Here, read tms, and you will understand.' He drew'pul the afternoon paper and handed it toMini-1' ' Oh, that!' said Mr. Mitchel carelessly. ' Fve4read that. Merely a sensational lie, j worked off upon a guileless publi?. Noti a word of truth in it, I assure yon.' *®X^urae mot, since you are alive;! but;tnere is a mystery about this which is yet^ybe-explained.'. . ' W3&t; ?. A mystery, and the great Mr. Ba^^fhas Aot solvedit Mam surprised. I am, indeed. But then, you know, I told you after jSoldie made a fizzle of our little joke tliat if I should choose to play the principal part you would not catch me. You see, I have beaten you this time. Confess. You thought that was my corpse ■ which you gazed tfpon at the Morgue 7 *W«3y said Mj. Barnes reluctantly, * the identification certainly seemed com plete, in Bpite of the condition of the face, which made recognition impossible.' ■'Yes;! flatter myself the whole affair, was, artistic.' : 'Do you mean that this whole thing is nothing but a joke ? That you went so1 far as to invent cables and letters from Paris just for tlie trifling amusement of making a fool of me T Mr. Barnes was evidently slightly angry, and Mr. Mitchel, noting this fact, hastened to mollify him. ' No ! ISTo ! It is not quite so bad as that,' he said. * I must tell you the whole story, for there is yet important work to do, and you must help me. No, Williams, you need not go out. Tour anxiety over my absence entitles you to a knowledge of the truth. A short timb ago 1 heard that a very rare gem was in the market, no less a stone than the original Emerald which Cortez stole from the crown of Montezuma. The Emerald was offered in Paris, and I was notified at once by the dealer, and authorised the purchase by cable. A few days later I received a despatch warning me that there was danger. I understood at once, for similar danger has lurked about other large stones which are now in my collection. The warning meant that I should not attempt to get the Emerald from the Custqm House until further ad vices reached me, which would indicate the exact nature of the danger. Later, I received the letter which was found on the body now at the Morgue, and which I suppose you have read ? Mr. Barnes nodded assent. 'Ireadily located the man Palma at the Imperial, and from his openly using his name I knew that I had a dangerous adversary. Criminals who disdain aliases have brainB, and use them. 1 kept away from the Custom House until I satisfied myself that I was being dogged by a veri table cut-throat, who, of course, was the tool hired by Palma to rob, perhaps to kill'me. Thus acquainted with my ad versaries, I was ready for the enterprise/ * Why did you not solicit my assistance ?' asked Mr. Barnes. * Partly because I wanted all the glory, and partly because I saw a chance to make you admit that I am still the champion detective baffler. 1 sent my wife and daughter to Europe that I might.have time for my scheme. On the day after their departure I boldly went to the Custom-House and obtained the Emerald. Of course I was dogged by the hireling, but I had arranged a plan which gave him no advantage over me. I had constructed a pair of goggles which looked like simple glasses, but in one of these I had. a little mirror so arranged that I could easily watch the man behind me, should he ap proach too near. However, I was sure that he would not attack me in a crowded thoroughfare, and I kept in crowds until time for dinner, when, by appointment, I met my neighbor Mordaunt, and re mained in his company until I reached my own doorway late at night. Here he left me, and I stood on the step until he disappeared into his own house. Then I turned, and apparently had much trouble to place my latch-key in the lock. This offered the assassin the chance he had hoped for, and gliding, stealthily forward, he made a vicious stab at me. But, in the first place, I had put on a chain-armor vest, and, in the second, expecting the attack .to occur just as it did, I turned swiftly and with one blow with a club I knocked the weapon from the fellow's hand, and with another I struck him over the head so that he fell senseless at my feet.' * Bravo!' cried Mr. Barnes. ' Youhave a cool nerve.' 'I don't know. I think I was very much excited at the crucial moment, but with my chain armor, a stout loaded club in one hand and a derringer in the other, I never -was in~airy real danger;—i took - the man down to the wine cellar and locked him in one of the vaults. Then I called a cab, and went down to the Im perial, in search of Palma ; but I was too Late. He had vanished.' * So I discovered,' interjected Mr. Barnes. 'I could get nothing out of the fellow in the cellar. Either he cannot or he will not speak English. So I have merely kept him a prisoner, visiting him -it mid night only, to avoid Williams, and giving him rations for another day. Meanwhile, I disguised myself and looked for Palma. I could not find him. I had another card, however, and the time came at last to play it. I deduced from Palma's leaving the hotel on the very day when I took the Emerald from the Custom House, that it was pre-arranged that his hireling should stick to me until he obtained the gem, and then meet him at some rendezvous, previously appointed. Hearing nothing during the past few days, lie has perhaps thought that I left the city, and that his man was still upon my track. Meanwhile I was perfecting my grand coup. With the aid of a physician, who is a confidential friend, I obtained a corpse from one of the hospitals, a man about my size whose face was battered beyond recognition. We dressed him in my clothing, and fixed the dagger which I had taken from my would be assassin so tightly in the backbone that it would not drop oat. Then one night we took our dummy to the river and securely anchored it in the water. Last night I simply cut it loose and let it drift down the river.' ' Tou knew of course that it would be taken to the Morgue,' said Mr. Barnes. 'Precisely. Then I dressed myself as a blind beggar, posted myself in front of the Morgue, and waited.' ' You were the beggar V ejaculated the detective. 4 Yes! I have your quarter, and shall prize it as a souvenir. Indeed, I made nearly four dollars during the day. Begging ^seems to be lucrative. - After the newspapers got on the street with the account of my death, I looked for develop ments. Palma came in due time, and went in. I presume that he saw the dagger, which was placed there for his special benefit, as well as the empty jewel case, and at once concluded that his man had stolen the gem, and meant to keep it for himself. Under these circumstances he would naturally be angry, and there fore lesB cautious, and more easily shadowed. Before he came out, you turned up and stupidly brought a cab, which allowed my man to get a start of me. However, I am a good runner, and as he only rode as far as Third Avenue, and then, took the Elevated Railroad, I easily followed him to his lair. Now I will explain what I wish you to do, if I may count on you ?' ' Assuredly 1' ' You must go into the street, and when I release the man in the cellar, you must track him. X will go to the other place, and we will see what happens when the men meet. We will both be there to see the fun.' An hour later, Mr. Barnes was skilfully dogging a sneaking Mexican, who walked rapidly through one of the lowest streets on the East side, until finally he dodged into a blind alley, and before the detective could make sure which of the many doors had allowed him ingress, he had disap peared. A moment later a low whistle attracted his attention, and across in a doorway he saw a figure which beckoned to him. He went over and found Mr. Mitchel. * Palma is here. I have seen him. Too see I was right. This is the place of appointment, and the cut-throat has come here straight. Hush 1 .what,was that ¥ 7 ' There was a shriek, followed by another, and then silence. ' Let us go up,3 said Mr. Barnes. 'Do you know which door ?' 4 Yes ; follow me.' 2Mb:. Mitchel started across, but just as they reached the door footsteps were heard rapidly descending the stairs. Both men stood aside and waited. A minute later a cloaked figure bounded -out, only to be gripped instantly by those in hiding. It was Palma, andhefoughtlikeademon, but the long, powerful arms of Mr. Barnes encircled him,' and, with a hug that would have made a bear envious, the scoundrel was soon subdued. Mr. Barnes then manacled him, while Mr. -Mitchel ascended the stairs to see about the other man. He lay sprawling on the floor, iace downward, stabbed in the heart. 