~~ ''GhostologyT' ~ SPIRITS. WE HAVE HEARD OFr SCARED UP, OR HAD CHATS [By Mark Antony.1 The appearance of a ghost, or somfflthing, at Singleton, as described in recent impressions of the Mercury, has set us thinking of the ghosts, and things we ourselves have from time to time heard of, or had dealings with, in the course of a brief yet eventful life ; and ''ij'-'' u^uiuuu uuiiu our simple little transac actions with those strange, unsubstantial relics of a past existence might, if detailed, form a useful guide for . other humans whom circumstances — and an undue indulgence in late hours and wlflsky— might throw in their uncanny company. Without prosing too much on a matter that is, after all, rather commonplace, let me say that there is no question at all about the return to this earth of the disem bodied spirit and its frequent appearance to man— likewise woman. They return (that is to say if they ever actually go hence) for some well-defined purpose, poor things ; and although they sometimes display a shocking amount of inaptitude in expressing their wishes, and a total disregard for the nerves of those they ' appear to,' it must be done out of pure ignorance, and not from any malicious or unworthy motive. In fact, we are convinced there is no real vice in the average ghost : he gets quit of all that Kxaa ot tnmg m tne ' shuffling-oit process. And when I say 'he,' I mean to be taken literally | for the female ghost is never, at any period, anything but gentle and good. In referring to the evident ignorance of ghosts in their visits to us mortals, and the wretched way they have of stating their desires, we may mention an instance in point. In an old ruined castle, standing all alone among the beeches that fringe the classic shores of the Clyde, not far from the city of Glasgow, the ghost of an Indian lady holds nightly revel. She was, poor dear, a princess of the best blood of Buddha, when in the flesh; but, alas! in a thoughtless hour she gave her heart — and all her rupees — to a per fidious colonel of cavalry, and left her own bright land to be his loving wife. He (the perfidious one) married her, and bore her off to the cold northern land, immuring her in this old keep, where he soon began to cruelly ill-use her, ending up by murdering her, and burying the body in one .of the donjons. Then the wretch, taking to himself a pale faced wife, went off to France, where the pair of them soon dissipated the enormous fortune of the murdered princess ; whence they re turned, after a few more years, to reside in the old castle, ruined in health and fortune. And it was just at this point the ghost of the injured lady determined on having a ' cut in.' n.Tid 'wlip.vft +,lm.+, samp rrlins-f1. eVirrro-prl n. woeful ignorance of the first rudiments of correct procedure. The intention of this spirit — as it subse quently transpired — was to flatten out, and generally speaking, paralyse the perfidious colonel and his new wife, and no one could conscientiously blame it, either. Well, it started the show on the first night of their arrival by ' appearing' robed in white (and with a great gash in its throat, from which the red blood was flowing) to the colonel's butler. (By the way, isn't blood most always ' red*?') Now, could anything be more inconsistent than this ? The poor butler, had no hand in the unfortunate lady's ' taking off,' and was new to the family. He was an old soldier and had been bumping the saddle of a private Dragoon in India, or somewhere, at the time the awful deed was done. He was likewise an Irishman, and very superstitious, and the hour was midnight (another most imprudent thing on the ghost's part). So the only thin the poor old veteran could think of doing was +/s pff)T»n 4'h*iT»a (inn 'rrrwl 'tIititvi t'\ tries r* n ao4: on rt mplore the assistance of the saints, in a tone if voice that might have led one to imagine bhe ' saints' were very deaf. However, this is just what he did for a time, his limbs re fusing to carry him away from the gruesome thing, and then the ghost of the dark lady began to seemingly realise that it had made a mess of things, so it started off on a different lay. Raising its skeleton finger it pointed solemnly to the bloody gash in its throat, and emitted a hollow groan after which it turned towards the underground donjons, beckon ing the servitor to follow. Those actions were certainly a little more coherent, and might have led to a clear understanding between the parties, had the Irishman grasped — or cared to grasp their meaning. The finger pointing to the mangled throat clearl ? meant that it was from that gaping wound the soul had fled, the groan was indi cative of the horror, injustice, and pain of the entire transaction, and the advance on the donjons implied that a cadaver night be un earthed down there somewhere. But the butler would have none of those hints. . In stead he had a severe fit on the spot, and then as the affrighted domestics burst into the dining-room, the ghost gave them one collec tive glance of scorn, muttered an indignant l- kooch per wanee,' * and vanished in a flash ' of fire. Next day the Colonel sacked the whole boiling of them ' for their scandalous lies, about his first dear lady,' as he averred, and the ghost, lying pendu in a room close handy,, resolved to adopt other tactics in future. It began to dawn on the spirit then that its bloody throat and tout ensemble might have had something to do with the alarm of the servants, not to speak of the unearthly hour at which it had called. The ' groan,' too, it decided, was not the correct way in which to explain its cruel wrongs (seeing that it could speak fairly good English), and the silent invitation to the donjons must personal , experience, not to blame the poor Irish stranger for not going down there. In fact this ghost, communing with itself later, resolved on quite a different line of conduct so as to attain its revenge. There fore on the following night it got down to the stables and fowlhouses, and made night hideous there for quite three hours. By some unexplained1 course of reasoning it must have arrived at, the conclusion that, 'to get at the Colonel properly, his blood horses should be scared round till all of them had jumped into their feed boxes and were cut about against the walls and mangers. Also, that the grooms should all bo in fits, or flying for their lives through the fields, while * 'Koooh pe.i: vranca'-- (uever held)— Hindoo- atani. the prize fowls of the establishment wcrer sent scurrying otut of their coops half-plucked and terrified wandtei'ers of the earth. Now we submit most respectfully that in. all this the spirit wfts again in error. Wo are quite willing to make all due allowance for a ghost that was strange to the habits and language of the land in which it was operat ing, yet wo fail to disoern a single sensible act in any of the things it had yet done. It was,_ in a word, simply wasting its energy on. the innocent and unoffending,, and was plainly told this by one of the new grooms, when ifc went on the following night to again resume its foolishness. This fellow,, who was rather more courageous than his comrades, saw the ' dark lady' enter the stable on this (the third) night, and he at onco challenged her right to be there.. ' You leave them. three 'osses lone, Missus,'r he cried brusquely, as he stepped between the ghost and his quivering charges, 'Ye 'aint got no right 'ere anyhow.' Rather non-plussed the ghost tnrned her sad eyes ou the man and groaned,.at the same time pointing to her gashed throat. 'Yus, it's rather sad, Sis,' admitted the kind-hearted fellow huskily, and wiping away a tear — ' but 'taint the 'osses fault — nor my fault nuther.' ' You take my tip, Sissy,'' he continued confidentially. ' If you're arter rewenge jest git up stairs an' make it 'ot fur old' Grand Rounds an' his noo Missus. Them's the parties as yer wants to go for.' As- well as it could do it, the spirit cast a grateful look on ite rough,but tender-hearted adviser, and gradually vanished in the night, but only an instant later an. awful uproar from the western tower informed the tremb ling servants that the ghost of the Black Lady was now getting in its finer work on the destroyer. For dver an hour the awful sounds continued and then followed two sickening crashes on the hard stones of. the courtyard below and the tragedy was complete. When dawn came, the mangled bodies of Colonel and Lady ? were gathered up off the hard stones, and a double suicide was recorded over them — but that groom knows better.. The place was never tenanted again, and is now a ruin, out of which some years later human bones were dug and consigned to a more fitting grave, and since that day the appearance of the Black Lady is of even more frequent occurrence, no human being now daring to pass a night in the old' castle. ' But the moral of all this ?.-' some one enquires. Why, simply that this kind of ghost, wanted its efforts directed,.and mayhap does so still. There are other- sorts whose peculiarities are of a- different sort, and some of these we may again deal with^ but should the reader ever meet a ghost of the kind re ferred to in the foregoing article, his duty, as a man, and a Christian, will be to. direct its efforts to their legitimate ending. 