COMPLETE STORY. At the Dip of the Road, de MRS. MOLESWORTS, Jtuthor of "Her .Baby," "Carrots," &o.;, &o.; Atn Qukenbland Riams Reserved. Havo I over seen a. ghost P I do not know. That is tho only reply I can truthfully make to tho question nowadays so often asked. And sometimes, if inquirers cure to hear more I go on to tell them tho ono exporionco whioh makos it impossible for mo to reply positively cither in tho affirmative or nogativo, and re- slriots mo to " I do not know." This was tho story. I was staying with relatives in tho country, not a vory isolated or ouit-af-tho-way port of the world, and yet rather inconvenient of ac cess by tho railway, for tho nearest railway Btution was six miles off. Though tlie family I was visiting wore nearly connected with me, I did not know .muoh of thoir homo or its neighbourhood, as tho head of tho house, an uncle of mino by marriage, had only como into tho property a year or two previously to the 1 date of which I am writing, through tho death of an oldor brother. It was a nice place, a good comfortable old house, a prosperous satisfactory estate. Every thing about it was in good ordor, from the i farmers, who nlways paid thoir rents, to the i Bhooting, which was -always good, from the I vinories, whioh wero noted, to tho woods, whore ' tho earliest primroses in all tho countryside wero yearly to ho found. And my undo and aunt and thoir family do- V. served theso pleasant things and made a good I uso of thom. ' But thcro was a touch of the commonplaoo j; about it all. There was nothing pioturesque or ' zomantio. The country was flat, though fertile, r tho houso, though old, was conveniently . modern in its arrangements, airy, ohcoiy, and 'bright. "Not even a ghost, or tho shadow of one," ' I remombor saying ono day rath a faint |,igrumble. "Ah, woll — as to that," said my undo, i>" perhaps wo " hut just then something ' 'interrupted him, and I forgot his unfinished speech. Into tho happy parlor, of which, for tho time being, I was one, there foil one morning a sudden thunderbolt of calamity. Tho post brought news of tho alarming illness of tho oldest daughter — Francos, married a year or two before, and living, us tho crow flies, at no vory groat distanoe. But as tho crow flics, is not always as tho railroad runs, and to reach tho Aldwyn's homo from Fawno Court, my unclo's place, was a complicated business — it was scarcely possiblo to go and return in a day. " Can ono of you como over?" wrote tho young husband. "Sho is already out of danger, but longing to see her mother or one of you. Sho iB worrying about the baby " — a child of a few months old — "and wishing for nurse." Wo looked at each other. " Nnrso must go at once," sold my undo to me, as the eldest of tho party. Perhaps I should liero say that I nm a widow, though not old, and with no close ties or responsibilities. "But for your aunt it is impossible." "Quito so," I agreed. For hIio was at tho moment painfully lamed by rhoumutism. " And tho other girls aro almost too young at suoli a crisis," my undo continued. "Would you, Charlotte " and ho hesitated. "It would bo such a comfort to havo personal news ' of her." " Of courso I will go," I said. " Nurso and I oan start at once. I will leuvo her there, and return alono, to give you, I havo no donbt, better news, of poor Frunoio." He was full of grntitudo. So wero thoy all. "Don't harry hock to-night," said my uncle. " Stay till — till Monday, if yon like." But I could not promise. I knew thoy would ho glad of nows at once, and in a small houso like my cousin's, at such a timo, an inmato moro might bo inconvonient. " I will try to return to-night," I said, and as I sprang into tho carriage, I added, " Send to Mooro to meet the last train unless I telo- grapli to tho contrary." My unolc nodded, tho hoys called after me, "All right," tho old butler bowed assent, and I was satisfied. Nurse and I reached our journey's end promptly, considering the four or five junctions at wlnon wo had to chango carriages. But on tho whole " going " tho trains fitted astonishingly. Wo found Frances hotter, delighted to sec us, eager for nows of her mother, and finally dis posed to sloop peacefully now that sho knew that thoro wus tin oxperionoed person in oharge. And both sho and lior husband thanked mo so muoh that I felt ashamed of tho littlo I had done. Mr. Aldwyn begged mo to stay till Monday, hut tho houso wus upset, and I was eager to cany baok my good tidings. "Thoy arc mooting mo at Mooro by tho last train," I said. "No, thnnkyou, I tuink it is host to go." " You will havo an unoomfortahlo journoy," ho replied. "It is Saturday, and tho trains will bo lato, and tho stutions crowded with tlio market peoplo. It will bo horrid for you, Charlotte." But I persisted. It was rathor horrid. And it was qncer. Thoro was a sort of uncanny corincss about that Saturday ovening's journoy that I have nover forgotten. Tho season was very curly ' spring. It was not very cold, but olully and ungonial. And thoro was such an odd sort of peoplo ubout. I travelled second-class, for I am not rioh, and I am vory independent. I did not want my undo to pay my faro, for I liked tho fooling of rendoriug him somo small service in roturn for liis steady kindness to mo. Tho first stago of my journoy was performed in tho company of two old naturalists travel ling to Scotland to look for some small plant which was to ho found only in ono spot in tho Highlands. This I guthered from thoir talk to oaoli othor. You nover saw two such extra ordinary croatureH as thoy woro. Thoy both woro black kid gloves much too largo for thom, and tho ends of tho fingers waved about like feathors. Thon followod two or throo short transits, >: interspersed with weary waitings at stutions. ' Tlio hist of theso was tho worst, and tantalising too, for by this timo I was within a fow miles of Moore. Tlio station was crowded with rough folk, all, it seomcd to mo, moro or less tipsy. So I took refugo in a dark waiting- room on tho smull sido line by whioh I was to proceod, whoro I felt I might hnvo been robbed and murdorcd and no ono tho wisor. But at lust cumo my slow littlo train, and in ,J jumped, to jump out again still moro joy fully somo fifteen minutes later whon wo drew up ut Mooro. I poered ubout for tho carriago. It was not i to bo soon ; only two or tliroo taxcarts or dog carts, farmors' vohiolcs, standing about, while their owners, it wus easy to hoar, woro drinking "la r more than was good for thorn in tlio tnp- room of the Unicorn. Thonce, novortholcss — not to tho taproom, hut to tho front of the inn —I made my way, though not undismayed by tho shouts and roars breaking tho stillnosa of tho -quiet night. "Was tho Fawno Court carriage not liero ? " I usked. Tho landlady was a good-natured woman, especially civil to any member of tlio Court 'family. But sho shook lior head. "No, no carriago had boon down to-day. Thoro must havo been somo mistake." Thoro was nothing for it but to wait till sho could somohow or othor disinter a fly and a liorse, and, worst of all, a drivor. For tlio "men" slio had to call woro all rathor — "woll, ma'am, you soo it's Saturday night. Wo weren't expecting anyone." And whon tlio fly, aftor half nn hour, nt last emerged, my lieurt almost failed mo. Evon before ho drovo out of tho yard it was very plain that if over wo reached Fawno Court alivo it would certainly he moro tlmnka to good luck than to tho drivor's management, But tho liorso was old and tho man had a sort of instinot about him. Wo got on all right till wo woro moro than half way to our journey's and. Tlio road was straight and the moonlight bright, especially after we hnd paused a certain corner, and got woll out of tho sliada of the trcos whioli skirted tlio first part of tho way. Just past this turn thoro camo a dip in tho road. It wont down, down, down gradually, for a quurtor of n mile or moro, and I looked up unxiously, fonrful of tho liorso taking nd- vantugo of tho slope. But 110, ho joggod on, if possible moro slowly than hoforo, though now terrors assailed mo when I saw that tho driver was now fust usloop, IiIh head swuying from sldo to sldo with extraordinary regularity. Aftor a hit I grew easier again ; he seemed to keep his equilibrium, and 'I .looked out . at . the Bido window with some interest on tho moon-floodod landsoape. I had never seen brighter moon light- Suddenly, from out of tho intenso stillnosa and loneliness a figure, a human figure, became visible. It was that of a man, a young and aotive man, running along the footpath a fow foot to our loft, apparently from some whim kcoping pace with the fly." My first feoling was of satisfaction that ! was not alone, at tho tender meroios of my stupefied charioteer. But as I gazod, a slight misgiving enmo over mo. Who could it ho running along this lonely road so late, and what was his motive in kooping up with ub bo steadily? It almost seemed as if ho hod been wailing for us, yot that, of course, was impossible. Ho was not very highwuy- man-liko certainly j ho was well drosso-1 — neatly dressed ; that is to say, like a superior gamokcoper — his figure was remarkably good, tall and slight, and he ran gracefully. But thoro was something queer about him, and suddonly tho ouriosity that had mingled in my observation of him, was entirely submorged in alarm when I saw as ho ran ho was slowly but steadily drawing nearer and nearer to tlio fly. JS"In anotlior momontlio will bo oponing the door, and jumping in," I thought, and I glanced before ino only to soo that the drivor was moro hopelessly asleep than bofore ; thoro wttB no ohanoe of his hearing if I called oat. And got out I could not without attracting tho strango runner's nttontion, for as iU-luok would havo it the window was drawn up on tho right side, and I oonld not open tho door with out rattling tho glass. While, worse and worse, the left hand window wae down 1 Even that slight protection was wanting. I looked oat once more. By this time the figure was closo .to tho fly. Then an arm was strotohed out and laid along the edge of tho door, ns if preparatory to oponing it, and thon for the first timo I saw his face. It was a young faco, hut terribly, horribly pulo and ghastly, and tho eyes — all was viBiblo in tho moonlight — had an oxprossionsuoli nslhad never scon boforo or since. It terrified mo, though aftorwnrds on recalling it, it seemed to mo that it might havo been moro a look of agonised appeal than of monaco of any kind. I cowored baok into my corner and shut my eyes, feigning sleep. It was tho only idea that ocourred to me. My heart was heating liko a slcdgo lmmmor. All sorts of thoughts rushed through mo ; among thom I remember saying to myself, "Ho must bo an escaped lunatio — his eyes aro so awfully wild." How longlsat thus I do notknow — whenever I dared to gluuoo out furtively ha was still there. Bnt all nt once a strange feoling of relief came over mo. I sat up — yea, ho was gone ! And though, as I took courage, I leant out and looked round in oveiy direction, not n trace of him was to bo scon, though tho road and Holds wore baro and olear for a long distanco round. When I got to Fawno Court I hnd to wako tlio lodgokeopor — ovoryono was asleop. But my undo was still up, though not expecting mo, and very distressed ho was at tho mistake about tho carriugo. " Howovcr,"ne concluded, " all's wdl thnt ends woll. It's delightful to havo your good news. But yon look sadly palo and tired, Charlotte." Thon I told him of my fright — it seomod now so foolish of mo, I said. But my undo did not smile — on tho contrary. "My dear," lio said, "it sounds very liko our ghost, though, of course, it may havo boon only 0110 of tlio koopors." Ho told mo tho story. Mnny years ago, in his grandfather's timo, a young and favourite gamokcoper had boon found dead in a fiold skirting tho road down thoro. There waB no sign of violence upon the body ; it was never explained what had killed him. But lio had had in his olinrgo a watch — a vory valuable 0110 — which his master, for somo reason or othor, had handed to him to take homo to tho house, not wishing to kcop it on him. And whon tho body was found luto thnt night tho watoli was not on it. Sinco then, so tlio story goes, on a moonlight night tho spirit of tho poor fellow haunts tho spot. It is supposed that ho wants to toll what had becomo of his master's watoli, which was never found. Bnt no ono has ever had courage to addross him. " He never comes further than tho dip in tho rood," said my unolo. " If you had spoken to him, Chnrlotto, I wonder if ho would havo told yon his seorot." He spoke half laughingly, hut I havo never quito forgiven mysolf for my cowardice. It was the look in thoso oyes. 