The Remittance Han's Story. BY JOHN ARTHUR BARBY, in the " Austra- lasian Pastoralists' Review. I MET him in London Club last year. We had lunched, and were making for the smoke-room, when my com- panion exclaimed : " Hallo, there's H-! You ought to know him. He's been in Australia. I'll introduce you." " Hold on," I said. " Has he written a book on the colonies ?" " Not that I know of," replied my friend, laughing. " Wasn't there very long. They nearly killed him up in your ' bush. Come along and we'll get him to spin the yarn. I've only heard bits of it." " Waiter ! Coffee, liqueurs and cigars ! Now, that's all right ! Fire away, H-, and, mind, here's a man who ll trip you up quickly if you ven- ture on any taradiddles. " Solemn facts," replied H.,laughing. He was a good-looking young fellow, dressed in the height of fashion, as set along the pavement from the Saville Club to Apsley House and back again on any fine afternoon by the gilded youth of the Metropolis. "But, for all that, mind," ne con tinued, " I don't pose as an authority. Came home by the first boat, don't you know, as soon after as possible. And for the future ' the sweet shady side of Pall Mall' will about do me." " Well, you see," he began, " in those days the poor, old dad was alive ; so was Earlscomb. And I was an incu- bus, over head and heels in debt, and going to the dogs all round. So, at last, they made me sell out. They also sent me to Australia on £150 per annum, and the off chance of nuggets. Well, after knocking about from pillar to post in the usual fashion, with a description of which I won't bother you, I found myself one fine day lying in the ward of an up-country hospital down with rheumatic fever, and penniless. You see, I'd outrun the constable, and the next remittance wasn't due for some time. " Do you know a township called \--?" he asked me, just here. 1 did. " Well," he went on, " that was the spot ; and, although it wasn't pleasant at the time, what I went through there took most of the nonsense out of me, and I bear the authorities not the least illwill for the doing 1 got. When my symptoms became decided, the doctor advised removal to the hospital. But it seemed that the application to tho trustees had first to be made. After much delay one appeared-a stout, pompous-looking customer he was, whose first act was to take the corks out of a couple of patent medicine bottles and smell the contents, elevating his eyebrows and pursing his lips the while in a very knowing manner. " Sin Jacob's Hoil is good, an' Pain Paint ain't bad," he remarked pre- sently. Then abruptly, " No money, hey?" "None," I groaned, "but am expecting some in a mail or two." "Hah, said he, "you fellers as comes hout from We is allus a-hex pectin'. An' 'ere's our 'orsepittle a-wantin' fun's real bad. Well, well, charity afore all things ! Them as 'asn't got no charity, ain't got no chance for the Kingdom. ? Ay, ' Ay, I'll send my cart down an' run ye over. A good haction ain't never throwed away, an' if I don't git my reward 'ere, I will elsewhere. Ay, them roomaticks is tryin' ; but keep yer sperrits up, young man, an' trust m the Lord." In due course the cart arrived, and, rattled me the two miles out of town along a rough bush track to the hospital. ; 5 The wardsman kept us waiting at; the door for a long time. He was haying : his dinner. " Another dead 'ed I" he remarked as I was lifted from the cart. " Blow sich a shop as this, where they never gits a payin' pashent all the year through." And he went back to his interrupted meal. In the next bed to mine was a man with a broken leg, as yet unset. And the way he swore did one good. _ In an hour or so a doctor arrived and set the limb-an operation borne without a murmur. Then the doctor came over to where I lay stretched out on a hard mattress, with a fine cool breeze playing upon me through a couple of open windows. He was a tall, thin man, with a moist eye and a shaky hand. After staring down at me for a few minutes, he said sharply, " Put your tongue out !" Then he muttered " Umph !" and departed. Tho wardsman was six feet in height, and built in proportion. He took 12's in boots, and trod like a draught horse, making the Crazy old place shake again. Beside myself and Broken Leg, the only other occu- pants of the ward were two very feeble old men ; and when these became restive and refused their medicine, as sometimes happened, the wardsman used to catch nold of their noses, and holding their heads well back, actually throw the mixture down their throats with ejaculations of " Way now, wudjer 1 Ana ! Come ! come ! Ghee then, my beauty !" I think he must at one time have been a bullock-driver. Four bare white walls, and three wide-open windows, open day and night. The one relief to the monotony hung iust opposite my bed, and I used to lie and stare at it by the hour together. It was a big oil painting. On a heap of stones was stretched out a naked boy with curly yellow hair. Close by, in a heap of blue bushes with fishhook shaped horns, struggled a nonde- script sort of bright yellow animal with golden horns. In the fore- ground an old gentleman in a crim- son blanket and his beard reaching to his toes was flourishing a mon- strous bread-knife, and hopping about excitedly on one leg. Ail around ascended clouds of the blackest smoke into a purple and orange sky. I found out afterwards that this masterpiece represented the sacrifice , of Isaac, was a local production, hav- ing gained first prize in the fine art section at the late agricultural show, and was very highly thought of as a work of a daughter of my friend the trustee, by whom it had been pre- sented to the institution. Continued contemplation of it so ruined my discriminative sense, that now when I go into a gallery of paint- ings, they all take the form, and color of that awful nightmare. I also feel pains. My pleasure is completely spoiled ; and I have quite given over attending "first views," and all that sort of thing. This may wear off in time. I hope it will, because it is unpleasant for my artist friends. Another matter we had to contend with was " insects" (I _ wont partic- ularise). The place fairly swarmed with them. And all night long the old men fumed, and fretted, and tossed, and muttered to themselves, whilst Broken Leg swore and yelled. As for myself, it didn't matter much, because in any case, I couldn't sleep. And when in the morning, we showed the wardsmen our poor bodies, covered with big red lumps, he would only smile, and remark-" Well, yer see, me an' the missis done our best to 'unt 'em. But they're in the pine, an' nothin' short o' a flrestick's any good now. 'Sides, we never feels 'em; an' some folks do say as they're not un'ealthy." But on the other side of the thin partition, Nemesis awaited him-a sharp-tongued, hatch el-faced, nagging Nemesis. And, once or twice, O joy ! we distinctly heard a sound as of a rolling-pin in contact with a hard thick scull, accompanied by humble protestations ina well-known voice. And then how we laughed, with a subdued mirth lest he should hear us ! Even the old fossils snig- gered and cackled feebly, and hugged themselves as they listened. And, once, the maltreated big man entering, red-facedand ruffled, caught us all on the broad grin, and in atti- tudes of ecstatic expectancy. Then he bullied us, and dosed us all round so nauseously that we felt fit to give vip the ghost. Once a week a strong smell of alco hol pervaded the ward, and the com mi-fee marched in, cracking sly jokes with each other, and sniffing at the odour of Condy's Fluid as if they liked it. And they strutted about assertively, and rattled loose silver in their pockets, and glanced at us. over stiff white collar?, put on for the occasion, and carelessly asked if he had any complaints. Not half a corn: plaint, with big wardsman winking at us and glancing suggestingly towards the cupboard with " Dispen- sary" painted over the door !:No;'no complaints whatever! Only cbmplir ments from the visitors on the beauty of clean floors and sheets; and remarks to one another concerning the amazing good fortune of , some people who, all the ; same, : didn't appear to appreciate it. ; ; ; Convalescent at last, and smelling strongly of Colchicum, I was able' to get out and dodder f eebly about, the verandah on crutches. The old men ventured out also; and Broken; Legi a mere shadow, silent enough'now, after six weeks of the system., Regi- men, "insects," physic, and "skilly" had proved too much for even his hierh spirits. ; , :' .'I This skilly was a kind of thin oat- meal gruel, depressing and unsatis- factory. And we got a big basinful three times a day. On Sundays; a small portion of meat at dinner time alone broke, the monotony. I am afraid the old men were frauds. ' But they had the excuse of extreme, age and feebleness.. Once I overheard them talking. i , >>'t: .Y<.r>: .* Got copped nicely this winter,' ain't us, Jim?" remarked ono. ' "A.' 'ell of a 'ole I" answered the'¿theiv "I,never seen such ashop I "I'm fair' drownded inside wi' blarsted med'ciri,'; an' that thereskilly's orf ul weakening; I feels just like a bloomih' two-day-; ole kitten." " Ah,"; said¡ his mate,: " larst year I was in -- 'ói'sepittle;; an' me 'as full an' plenty o' everything; the 'art o' man cud wish fer. Lash ins o' the very best, an' mèd'kil cumfuts.; O lor I when yer catches me 'ere aginv just tell me about it, that's all." ,'Andj the old fellow groaned feebly. ,".,Yes.v matey," replied the other, echoing; the groan, " we've bin' ad ; I thort as 'ow we'd put in the cold weather I 'ere fair an' easy. But I'd sooner ha'. fone into the Benevilin' if I'd only nowe4what horful doin' we'd got-' 'ere." ? . ? ": "?" .;}'']..]'';1 At last the long-expected money ; came. They, charged me thirty i shillings a week for my hospital ' ox-1 ? Êerience, and when I got back to the ' otel where I stayed, on my arrival ! I found a bill awaiting me-I have it ¡ at home yet, and intend to keep it as a curiosity-as follows : " To loand of one spring-cart, horse, ; harness, and driver'to 'orspittle, '. filó- los. " Whom the Lord - loveth he ? chasteneth,' " ' : ? 