The Affair at the Nest. -T 11118, BIIiIN COSWIN PIKttOS, ' 'Hevarmtnd^Fnnk, wo can wait.' ??you're an angel, Violet,' and tho young man Harassed aoltly the little hand thst flut tered in bis, ' and Aunt IUnnsli li— ' ' Not I' laughed Violot Orangor, flnlahlng tho Bontonoo tor him, 11 Well, I hale her. What diDeronoo will it make to her twenty years henoa, whom I marry now, I'm not ao.ru inaead that al'o'a good (or ton jears longor, and it — ' ' Frank Eoolosoul' 11 Oh, jos, I know. Pooplo mar spare no pains to mska you hate them. Well, then, I love tba aunt who has crossed me all my lite, ' dolt You kuow it's not so, Violet. You know if I went homo now, and found hor in her shroud, it wouldn't oOBt mo any uroat beart-aohe.' ' It should, aiuoo you profit by bar money. Oh, Frank 1 1'rank I I didn't think you would speak ao of Ihe poor old woman who has bnon a mother to you, with all hor lurah ness,,' said Violet, with Bad sweotnoes. ' I deny II, Wai it motherly to loroo me all my life to ao tho very ;tbings 1 hal«d moil? Hovel over bad a slngls tasts or In clination Bhe did not thwart if It ware pos ilblo I No, no, Vioht. you and Aunt Hnunah are two peraoni, I love ono and hate the other, and that la the end of it. I Bbould liko to be ablo to have my own way though, ones boforo she dies. It'll bo dreary waiting till she slips this mortal ooll, eh, Violet ?' 1 Toe youDg man Bpoko bitterly, and looked j Violet Iliitened to him with unhappy, ?deeDblovinc even. 11 Something will happen, aurely. Boms thing may happen, dear,' she Bald, tenderly. ' And if wo lovo oaob othor so truly, what aro a few yean moro or less to hearts bo young ib ours t' , , 'A few years I You're too muoh of an angel to oaloulate upon, anything but that termagant softening toward ua. Sho won I, though. Thnt Binty heart won't Rive in on. til death's fingers crumble it to tshes. You and I'll be Bray boloro that time.' ' Wo oan hope, at leaat, dear ; evan Aunl Hannah cannot taka out hope tiom us. Shall I sing for you now I' Bho took hiSBlleaee for asienl, and going to the modest little instrument whioh stood aoroBS tbe room, Bang soltly ono tender, soothing strain after anotber, whilo her lover, lingering In tbe low window s«ot, pulled tho roses that grow near and their.toro loaves with a half violous hand, too Bavsgely irritated at tbef ate that hlndrad hla deairea, to heed tha loving tones with which Violet Bought to draw him from bis thought!. Contemplating the raiaonie! hor lover baa done her roses next morning, Violet's oyes were half ead, half (railing ; but abe broko into a carol, like bird notep, bb abe tied anew tho vines his too energetic hand had loosod from their supports. A pasior-by oalled her. ' ' U»ve jou hoard; bo, 1 see you bats not, what happened at tbe Neat laal night 7' Violet turned swiftly, with a changing countenance, Frank lived at tbe Neat with his aunt, , 'Poor old Miss Eooleson was murdered in bed laat night.' - Violet caught at the widpw-framo for sup port, hor|tery lipa turning whits, and her heart beating Blower and slower. ' It ean't bo I' «bo gaaped. ' I wiah it oouldn't, but it is. I juat met th doctor coining away. They sent for him, ot source, bnt she must have been desd hours be fore bo got tbere. There's crowds of people gone over from town. But you live bo remote Iron the Neat, it's no wondsr you did not hear ot it till now.' Violet shuddered, and wished the man would only go on, aa he did presently, as he waa anxious to reaoh tho soeno ot tbe tragedy* Murder 1 And Frank had almost wished her dead the night before I Poor Frank, what a horrible lesson it muct be to him I Later in the day cams a noto Irom Frank, a hurried scrawl, almost unread able and written with a hand that visibly trembled. 'Don't oomo near, darling,' it said. ' The horror is almost more than I on bear now. I wouldn't have you boo and bear what I havo to see and bear for all her money. I wish to Heaven it eould go into the grave with her. I will oomo and ace you at soon as I oan got enough oolor in my faos to date to.' Ho oamo for a few momanta that evening, but for all the life in bia look he might have been as dead as Aunt Hannab. Bis face was ghastly, bia CBgcr blue ejes had a soared ex pression that made Violet try, but in vain, to ohook him, as ho lingered with a sort of hor rible iasoination, over, the details of tho murder. Aunt Aannah bad been strangled with her own pookat-handkerohlof, as abs sat lsts at her knitting. Tha servant had fonnd her, purple and still in her ohair, when they went to oall hor to breakfast at ball-past aiz In tna morn ing. 'I don't thick aha had been dead long. I didn't think so, and I sent for tbe doctor as fast as a hone could rids. I couldn't do more, could I Violet t Sh« always gets up early. Bbe most have got up oarly nnd taken her knitting, you know, and tba wretoh that killed b«r would have boen aa like to do it early in the morning as lsta at night, wouldn't he now, Violet dear?' ' Bad her bed been slept in,' questioned Violst, controlling her ropugnsnoo to the aub jeot for hor loser's Bike. ' No one eonld tall. She always mado her own bed though, and she might haie made it Ibo fint thing that morning. Oh ! I am quite sura it was eatly in the morning, SUo ?at with her baok to the window, you see, and her handfcerohief mast have fallen to tha floor where tbe fellow could aaoure It without being aeon. Ttitn it w»a easy enough to ao. eomplish the rest before ahe oonld cry out. Bho aouldn't b«ie had timo to call out, do you think aha could ?' 'I don't think anythingabout it. And you had belter stop thinking about it,' oxolaimed Violet, with an unoomfortable shiver. ' Why will jou talk ot it Frank?' 11 1 won't if you dou't wish me to,' Frank said, gloomily, pushing his obalr back into tha shadow, and covering bis faoe with his bands. Violet regarded him wcnderinKly. ' Poor fallow, he is bo sensitive,' she said to herself, and moving her ohair nearer to bi-, drow his odd bands into, her warm and loving olaip. . Ha returned her tender gaio with a look painfully sad and questioning. 'Would it be possible, Violet,' hb'ssid j tt Uat, ' would it bo possible for yon to be- j lieve that I hud any hand in last night's do- ' ingB?'; ? ? '?'?'? Tbo faoo of the sweet girl blanched like snow. Her eyea darkened and dilated like one .smitten with sudden terror. Then Bho dropped her lips to his hands with swi(t,pas aiouate kiisaa. . ? ' No, no, Frank : no, nevtr.' 'My darling,', he murmuted, draw ing her to him, and kissing her again and again. She remembered those kieica long after. Could any but innocent lipa have klaaed her ao. ? There waa no olue to the murderer, noth ing had been stolen, and though Frank Eu oleaon waa the only ono who oou'd have pro fited by her deatb, no ono thought ol acoua ; ing him, and not B shadow ol Buspioion at tached to him. There was no ono to contest tbe heirauin with him, and tbe Neit, with his wide, Hob lands, and olhor baloogings fell to him with out delay or question. Hut Frank Ecoleion waa unooniolous ol all. He oame borne from his RUiil'a Inneral, a wet, soggy evening it was, and threw him Silo »'' f ?' °'J-°hair. 'Wag »ue servants t. Pile wood in tbe wide fltepUoa till il glowed likeafurnao, but the Man failed to warm Jim. Uo oat kU8re ltjiD(! to WBft|l nil)onllI,d teh.d^^^i;^h^;;1?iH1-?h-8?t?^w; pon him Ilka a vollnre, and dog Its beak Into heart and brain. They carried him to his ohsmber by main foroe, bo struggling and raving with delirium, and Violet oame to bolp tbo bookkeeper, Mrs. Orlm, to nurte him. For weeks Frank Eaoleaon hung upon ths Tory borders of oternily. snd know no ono, and talked as people with brain favor will, wild, Btranno talk, that drova VioUt'a joung blnod ourdling round bor heart, and sot in hor while face a shadow that was not oast by tlio donlh ahs had battled bo desper ately from hor lover's bedside, but waa evan moroorucl. Mrs, Orlm had boon more than housekeeper o Miss Eooleaon. She hnd beon her boBom friend, the ono soul of all tbo world, perhaps. : Ibal had truly loved tha miictly old womtu, j and tbougb Iionnah ILoolcion bad not ao muob I as mentioned her in ber will, the houaokeopoi held to her loyally. Violet made one wild attempt to baniib Mra. Qrim Irom lbs Bound of Frank's mad talk, but Mrs, Orlm would not go. Bometlmea the oyea of Ilio two women met, above that terrible oonob,and the look of on- was siok with horror, and piteous with ap pealing. Tbo other's waa hard, w«s pltllosi as hor dead mistress' would have been undei similar olroumttanoea, At last thoro camo a timo when th- ever loosened 111 hold, and led tho slok mas like somo wan ghost of hinnelf, strandoi) upon thoao shoroa from whioh he had so nearlj drifted. Ho was too weak, too atrango to lbs usb ol aU senses to road at onus tha new look that had so darkened Violet's sweet eyta. With all her Btreugth she tried to keep it out ot tboro when Bbe looked at him, bulbers was a frank heart, uaiid for mirrorln« all its thoughts is thoso innooent depths, Frank bsd read them too many times in tbe old happy dsvs to maki any mistake now. He was a coward, and would fain have persuaded himaalt thai b!a oyes told him wroDR, but ho oould not. Bealdos, thoro was Mrs. Orim, whoB« face spoie tbo same story though in a differ ent ton»»o. Tha sick man shrank away among hia piUowi), and ahnl his eyes whenever by any obanee Mra. Qrim or Violet looked at him. ' Thua eonioienoe doe« make towards ot ua all.' Mrs. Orim aat alone in tho kitoben at Ihs Kent. She sal with her feet on Ihe hearth ot the atove, those hard, unrelenting of oa gating into Ibo embers. A aoft stop Bounded beaida her. It was Vio let. Her face was pale, her'ejes had dark oiroles around them. 'Well?' ahe asid gently, as lire. Orim looked up. ' I shall do it to-morrow,' Mrs. Qrim said, and abut hor eyea tightly over the sen tenoo. . ' You will give him no ohsnee for his life, yon who loved hor?' Mra. Oriro'8 lips did not relax. Bbo only shook ber head. ' At leaat wait a week longer. ' When be will be atrong enough to fleo, peibnp), tho doom ha marital No I' 'You will notr' and Violet knelt by tha hard woman's aide, and lifted her poor quiver* inn hands in wlldappesliDg. But Mrs. Orim only glanoed at her, and looked baok Into ths fin. Thau Violet roao to ber feet again, and wont back to the alok-room. 'Frank,' aaid she, going oloaa to him, ' you must look at me; you mutt listen to me. You aro weak, I know, but if your life depended upon it, you oould get up and dress yourseit, ana go away Irom hers, I am sure you could— I am sure you will try.' Frank Eoeleson opened his wide blneoyea, and looked at her. lie Beamed in that in Btant to absko off tho strange oowardloe that had bo unmanned him. ' What do you mtan ?' ho aaksd. ' Tell mo. II I am to muster strength for what you nay, I must have a atrong incentive. But I will not try. I will atsy, whatever it is, and meet II. I havo shrunk too long.' Violet shivtred a little ' You were delirioua, Frank, and you told all there was to tell, and Mrt.Orlm hoard it. Bbe is going to inform against vou to mot row.' Frank lifted hlmaell on hia elbow ana looked Violet in the faoe. A light seemed to dawn upon him. ''Will you ask Mrs. Grim to come here 7— not that 1 may plead with her, bat that I may tell bar tbe truth.' Mra. Orim's stony lips set themselves like flints, but she rose and went to tha siolf-room when she got tho menage. ' I have bean a mitetable .cowaxtl,' Frank said, as the two women drew near,but 1 have not been the guilty creature yon Imagine. You are a hard woman, Mn. Grim, but you are a just ono, and you will bellevs mo whan yon havo heard my etory. 'I oame home Irom your house that night, Violet, with a bitter and wieked heart. I don't kuow bnl as heart I was wiokad at the villain who murdered her, 11 It was lata, but thara was a light in my aunt'a room. As I oarua along tba paBBags she oalled ont to ml sharply twice, and ber voice Bounded strange. There seemed, too, to bo some sort of atrtoge movement In tha room, but it m alight, and I, feeling hard aDd bitter toward bar, would not answer her, and instead ol going to her, I turned baok and went to my room another way. ' Bnt I never dr««mtd what awful ibing was doing. I thought she had ono of tboao nauralgio atlaoks to whioh sha was snbjeot, and 1 said to myself that she might fignt it out, aa I was doing. ' I don't know yet that it was not ao. I don't knew yat thst ahs oamo to bar death then, or that sho waa struggling with tho villain wtien she callad mo ; bat tha tear that it waa so ha* nearly cost ma my senses, and tbe fear that if I told the truth, it would direot suspicion to me as tha pro bablo perpetrator of tbe deed, held ma in a oowardly ailenea. Do you believe me, Mra. Qrim ?' ' I do rtt believe you, Frank Ecoleion,' said Mra. Orim, anil went bsok to the' kitchen. Lang befoto Frank had finished his raoital, Violet bad orapt oloso to her lovar and prayed him to forgive ber. Ho had stooped to kiss the little hands that fluttered to bis gra«p, and to say, ' My poor darling I' ?'How oonld II' Violet sobbed.' '1 deeerva thst you should never forgive ma, but yon aceuiad yourselt bo frightfully in your delirium.' ' I aoonse myaelf still. I would give all my aunt's money to know certainly that ebs was not struggling with her mnrderer when she oalled me and I did not reply.' Mrs. Orim kept to her intention, and lodged ber information, as she oalled it, in the proper quarter the next day. Sho met a somewhat discouraging re ception, however. But, aaFranksaid, though a bard woman, sho was juat, and Bhe want baok to him and Violet with sincere rejoioing, Tho real murderer had boon found, and had confessed to the deed. Ho proved to be ono of the laborers em ployed by Miss Hannah Ecoleson. Tharo had bean some money differonoe between them, in whioh sha had been verj hard. Tho man was o! a stolid, slow, revengeful nature, and ha waited hia timo,and strangled ber with her own handkerobief aa ahe aai knitting at half-past four on tbe morning they found her stark and dead iu her chair. So Frank bad not that on hit oon ulenoe. 