BERRICAN. (FBOU OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MONDAY, August 26. The usual meeting of the Literary and Debating Society took place at Malin's rooms on Tuesday evening last. Mr. H, B. Lysaght (vice-president) in the chair. The programme for the -evening consisted of the reading of essays by members, the following being con' tributed:—Mr. E. Lapthorne opened with a paper on " Friendship," which was well put together ; Mr. Malin following with an amusing one on " AttractionsMr. John Valentine's contribution was " Osmospheres"—it was no donbt very fanny, but muoh overdrawn, something more " heavy" being expected from a gentleman possessing such excellent capabilities ; Mr. B. Droham next read a well thought ont essayon " Ghosts," which led to a long talk upon - the aubjeot by members present j Mrs. Drohansent in a paper onWordsworth on Nature," which was read by Mr. Drohan. Next Tuesday the debate will be " Should the franchise be granted to women t" Mr. tUlin will affirm, and Mr. Tearne oppose. A large attendance is expected as it is a ladies' night, A committee meeting of the Dramatic Club Was held at Bees' Momalbng Hotel On Friday evening. Present—Messrs Callaway (chair), Bees, Drohan, Tearne, and B. Drummond (hon. sec ), When the characters in th- play "All that glitters is not gold " were oast The piece of ground which has been kindly lent for some years for shows, cricket, football &c;, by Mr. W. J. Greggety, J.P., has been subdivided into allotments, which will, we hear, shortly be put up for sale. In my last epistle I made an error in the names of gentlemen appointed on the committee of the Berrigen Amateur Turf Club—which should have been Messrs. Dufrayer, Grace, Henderson, Barwick, M'Guigan, Kllpatrick, D. Greggery, WeBterdale and Jamieson; clerk of course, Mr. T.Case. Since the library has been removed from the School of Arts to Malin's rooms, the number of subscribers have Increased from 6 to upwards 30. Thus the institution seems to have taken a new lease cf like. The Bev. H. Addams- Wttliams, of Monmouth- England, who is at present visiting Benigsn' will conduct the usual monthly service of the <'hurch of England in the School of Arte on Sunday, in place of the Bev. F. W. M'Daunell The match between our local toeballers and a team from Clear Hills fell through on Saturday, owing to the latter club (who were the challengers) wanting to play on their own ground, 