Short Story, ' MY NARROW ESCAPE. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, jact n year ago ; 'but as I osd now look back and calmly re call each thought, each word, each net, I think I will write it down us n warning to .all who may And thowvulves uimilurly cir- cumatanced, hoping, with ull iny heart, that ithe number tnuy bu few, Iu tbe first place, my name is Frederick 'Putnam. I am, and hare bt en for tho last ten years, the foreman and book-kecpor of the large lumbering establishment of Wil liam Winston and Co., und hope to bo for Another decade, unless something better turns up. Mr. Winston is the rcaidcut partner and manager of the manufacturing part of tbe business. The other members of the finu.of whioh there are two, live in tbe city, at the foot of the lake, ami attended to thu sales of lumber, which we scud them by vessels. This is by far the largest share of what tbo mill cuts, although tbe amount of our sales directly irorn the mill, to supply (he country to tbe west of us, is quite large. Well, one cold September evening, juat as I was preparing for home, 1 heard footsteps on the ground outside, and presently the office door flew open, us though someoue in huste had given it a push, admitting a tall, : stout, well-dressed man, with a Pinull pne,band.s aad..a.fibawl „ thro wh'ovcr one arm. I wae'ttlone— Mr. Winston having gono to the boure esiuo half uu hour before, locking the safo, io which we kept our books and papers, und taking the key with him as usual. 1 had already closed tbe damper to the stove, put on my overcoat, und was just iu the act of turning down tbo lamp— but, of course, I waited. 'Good evening, sir," said tlie man. bustling up t; tbo stove, and kicking the (Umpsr open with his right foot. "Hue Winston gone to the house?" I answered that be had. " When f I was afraid of it." He drew out bis watch— a very line one, I thought. "I shall uot have timo to go up," he said. "The train is due in flftcun min utes." "I there anything I can. do for you?" I asked. 'I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop iu town a day or two, but I have just got a despatch that calls roe home." 41 What name, sir ?" "Anderson, of AcderBonvllle I knew him then, though I bad seen him but once before. He bad been one of our best western customers. I said hud been, for tbe reason thut during the past y.ar he had not been sn prompt. In fact, be was considerably behind, and Winston bad that very day told mo to write him, and " punch him up a little," as he expressed it. The letter wns then iu tbo breast pockot of my oveieoAt. You can leave the money with mc, sir, and I will give you u receipt." He seemed to hesitate, which nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed auyone Eincp, however. 'How much is my bill?" he ceked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than hail an hour be fore : " Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds." " Humph Hess than I supposed. Write out a receipt for that amount." He left the stove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt. " It ia all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. 1 can tell your signature any where," He drew from au iosido pookct a largo black w&Ust; very round nnd full, and count ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, lie told me to run tbem over. It was a short und easy task, for each pile contained just twenty ten pound notes. The balunce was in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them ; but at last we got It so that both were satisfied. At this moment we beard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for his travel ling bag, and giving mc a hasty hand-shako wee off on the run. I closed tbe door, and couotud tbe money ovrr again. Finding it al) right, I wrapped a piece of uowspaper around it, and slipped it into iny overcoat packet. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about me, but as Winston's . liouso was at least a mile distant, I eon- eluded to keep it until morning, when I could depmit it in the bank. I closed the damper again, drew on my gloves, took the office key from tbe nail just over the door, and stepped up to put out the light. As I did so, L suw a bit of paper on the floor, which, on ploking up, I uaw was the receipt I wroto for .Mr. Anderson. He hnd dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pooket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to bim. I would have doue it then, but as the last mail for tbe day had gone out on the train which '' took Mr. Anderson, I could do it juat as well iu the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a huny that night, for I had an appoint ment und I may us well state hero that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would bo my wifo before many months elapsed. 1 hastened to my boarding place, ate my eupper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing tho overcoat with tbo money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Carri.n was at home, of course, as she was expecting mc, and, leaving my coat and hut ,iu tho hull, I went Into the parlor, i I do not think a repetition of our conver sation would be very interesting, so 1 will pass over it, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb mo until I arose to take, my leave. Carrie went into the entry for roy coat and hut, that I might put tbem on by tbe uutm fire, but she came back with only my hut. " Why, Fred, you certainly did not ven ture out on such a night as this without an overcoat ?" " No coat 1" I exclaimed, in a dazed sort of a way— for the thought of the money, flush ing upon me so suddenly, had almost etunned inn. Tho next moment I toro past her like a madaiaQ, as I was. The coat was gone i Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the atair-xail, and caught It just in time to sup port myself, Carrie came running out, her iace turning pule with alurm. " Oh, Fred I are you sick ? Let me call mother and the doctor. You are as white as i& sheet," "No, no, Carrie!" I entreated, "There, I am better now." And I was batter. I was strong, all at onoe— dosperutely strong. And what brought about, this obunge? Tbe simple receipt which 1 had in my pocket. Anderson had nothing to show that tbe money had been paid, and was uot my unaided word as good us bis ? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quite easy at once. "There, Carrie, I cm much better now. Tho room was too warm, I guess. So sumo sneak-thief has dodged in and Btolen my -coati Well, let it go. It was only an old one, and II! have a better." " But was there anything in your pocketrt?" asked Cunie. It is stranve huv; auspicious guilt will make us, I really thought that Carrie bub pcoted me, and an angry reply was on the end of my tongue. I supprcrecd it, thowevcr, and uttered a falsehood in fltcml. ' Nothing of consequence, Carrie, A rooa .pair of gloves und some utac-r trifling 'notions.11 " I am gl ml it is no worse, I'Vtd, Now, if you will wuit just ? moAeut, I will got you one of fftther'e coats to 'tvear home; Tims equipped 1 left her. You. may guees that my slumbers that night were not very sound, nor very refresh- tug. 1 never passed a more miserable night, und in the morning my haggard looks were the subject of remark. " Why, Fred, you look as though you bad mot a legion of ghosts last night," said Winston. " What is the matter ?" "I have had n bad night of it," I on- swcied, with asiukly smile. "And you'll have a.ucther, if you're not careful. You had better keep quiet to-dny. By-thcway, did you write to Anderson V I do not kuow how 1 mamiped to reply, for the questiou net me to shivcriug from b !&d; to foot, and I was eo week (has I 00 jld ecatcely sit in my chair. I must have uuswered in the affirmative, however, for he eaid: " Then we may look for something from him so-tnorrow, or the next duy?' Im mediately after he added, " Why, Fred, you shiver as though you had thu ague, nud you ore ewenling like a butcher I You'ro flick, man. Come I jump into my carriage, und I'll take you home." 1 woe glad of the chance to get away, and reaching my room, I heked myself in. Winston ecnt u dourer round, but 1 refused to see him. Then he came himself, but I would not open the door. The l&udiady; came, then soiuo oi tuy fellow-boarders, but 1 turned them all u\vny. Ah f there were terrible hours thnt 1 passed and the night coming on, brought mq Ijo 'reHeL .-Oflh yen "not gucfR what f was meditating V Cowutd that I wee, I hud at last leeolved upuu sclf.dcstruotien. I commenced my preparations with tho estue caliuntee and deliberation that t would bavo used iu the most common tranftuction. 1 wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and 1 sealed them ull. In a fourth envelope £ enolused the receipt to Mr. Anderson, All this accomplished, I went to roy secretary und took out the weupon of death. It was simply a revolver, small und in significant enough in appearance, but all euflicient. Having examined the cartridges to make sure thut there would bo no failure, 1 sat down before tbe fire, and placed the cold muRzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been life, less, but just as my linger began to press the trigger there came a tap on my door. It startled me, aud hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that I could admit no one." "Not me, Fred ?" I knew Cairie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved face got the mastery of roe. Quietly slipping the tell-tale letters, whioh ! 1 hud left on the table, into my pocket, ! ' opened thu door. ; " Oh, Fred 1 you are real sick," exclaimed j Carrie, the moment tbe light lull on my face. | Why did you not scut fur me? Aren't I you better ?" "Worse," I answered, huskily; "but Carrie— good Heaven's I" | As I uttered this exclamation I started i back, and then forward ; and then — 1 hardly : know what, fur, hanging aotoes Carrie's arm, was ray overcoat I llreovering from my astonishment, I suatched it from her, und thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred und fifty pounds. You have hoard about, nud perhaps seen, tho singular capers of a madman, or tho wild antics of those crazed with rum, or tho groterquu dancing of savages. Well, judging from what Carrie told me and from tho np- pearunce of my nputtment after it wos ail over, I am led to believe that, were it poBsibio to concentrate the tbreo above mentioned < species of demons into one, tbeir capering aud dancing would appear tame in compari son with mine that night. But I oonlcd down after a while, nnd juet in time to saveCarrio'u head a thump frum tho ohair or thu washstand, whioh I had selected as partners in my crazy waltz. Then I aeked for an explanation. It was the eimplost thing imaginable. I do not ' know why I had not thought of it before. It j was simply u blunder of Carrie1 father. lie! had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn < it down town, never dreaming that a small j fortune was lying idly io oue of the ! pockets. . j Well, f didn't have the brain fever over the j uffair, but 1 was next door to it. I made a j clean breast of the whole thing excepting ray j attempt, or, rather, my resolve, nt self do- I Ktruction. No one ever guessed that part of j It, and 1 tell it to-day for tho ihst lime. I I eont Mr. Anderson hie receipt, handed j over the money to Mr Winston, and went j right on with my duties, a wiser and hater j man, I hope. And lu-iaorrow, God willing, I nhall lead Carrie to the altar. 