The LITTLEBOROUGH! BACHELORS' BALL. ' No, Frank,' snid Jim Wickham, in reply to his companion's question, ' we have not had a Bachelors' Ball in Littleborough for tho Inst tbree years.' Caplaiu Curgenven elevated his feet carefully on to Hie mantel-piece and tilled back his cbair. His host watched him nervously, being con cerned for the peril of the Crown Derby tea cups. . .-?* I ' I don't think I shall break anything',' mui- | mured Curgenvcu, contentedly ; ' I have only got slippers on, It is awfully good of you to put me up for tho night at such short notice. Do yon rniud moving that photograph-frame — the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the interest of the article itself. Thank you. Now, if your mantelboard is reliable, as it ought to be, I shall be thoroughly comfortable in body nnd mind.' 'Wickliam seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and couscious that remonstrance was use less. He made no comment, and returned to ' As soon as Charlie Davidson got married*' ^ he continued, ' we the gallant remnant of single-blessedness in Littleborough, considered ' it about time to cease advertising every Christ mas cur fortunate condition. Charlie had man aged the Bachelors' Ball for years.' , ' And successfully ?' 'Execrably, no worse Secretary could have ? lieen found. That'was his great merits because everybody was always prepared to abuse him. He always offended two-thirds of the neigh bourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother and sister one year.' ' l'oor old Charlie !' said Curgenven, with a. smile.- ' his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy. ? ' When he resigned he left the management of the ball in such evil odour that nobody in the town could be prevailed 011 to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Besides, there was rather b painful incident- in connection with the last tlacca we gave that has not yet been explained lo all.' 'This is very exciting,' remarked his friend. ' 1'lcase lo remember that I have been four jears 111 India, and am dying for LittJeliorough news. Kelate the occurrence ia your own ini mitable si vle, while I smoke and listen.' Jim .Wickham was a seasoned bachelor, whose curliest and only love had been the sound of his own voice A kindly littfe busybody, few thinss in Littleborough escaped the inquisition of his ?-double eyeghiss.. He drew a chair to the fire, witii a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his own powers to do justice t-» his subject. '? 1 need hnriily say it was Charlie Davidson's iault-entitvly,' he. began. ' You know we used to have a list of people that were invited every yrar. Charlie always sent them invitations, whet her they had left the place, or were dead, or bankrupt. He. used to invite them all. He asked old Miss Cumbevbatch tbree successive years after hor death at the age of 79.' '? But she never would accept, I suppose ?' ' No ; she never appeared. But at last he asked another man who was also dead.' ' Undeterred by the silence of Miss Cumber ?bat;h? ' And this man,' said Wickham, lowering his voice, and laying his band on his com panion's arm, ' actually appeared at the ball. Tlwt was the. uncomfortable part of it.' ' Good Lord ! ' said Curgenven, ' I say, you'll have to shift that Sevres flower-vase ; if you make any more statements of that kind, 1 shall be kicking it over.' His lio.»t ivise. obediently, and cleared a wider tU^nisighbourhood of-' his companion's slipper*. .. l»i=-tlic,r spoke tor- «' .moment o-- ♦ ? lui.i v'iieiV Curgc--i^.„.x ?umanueu coat' nuance anil an explanation. '' V/lio 011 earth was the man ? ' he asked. ' Hi; had 110 bu.-iness to be asybody 011 earth then,' was Wiekham's reply. ' His name was Duulop Ferguson. I dare say you remember him.' ' Oh ! yes, rather. Ho was a quiet, nice Jdud of chap. I did not know him at all well. He was up in these parts learning banking, wa-n't he 'i 1 remember him chiefly as a great friend of old Wntertlcld, the banker. Surely he was in Waterfield's bank ? ' ' That's the man. He was a great friend of mine, and he was a great friend of Kitty Wat.-rlield's— lie used to talk lo me about her.' '? I knew a jjirl would be bound to come into the story soon. What is she like ? Attractive ? 1 don't know her even by sight.' ?' Not tli' least attractive. Good eyes and a white face. Nobody knows anything about her. Sbe never talks to anybody. She's either too shy or too reserved. I've known her all her life, ami t ikon her in to dinner abouttinrty times. I mice extracted from her a confession that she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only confid ence siiu has ever honoured me with. Still, Fcr^usuu, I fancy, got a bit further with her than that. Indeed, he was deSi eratrly keen mi her. I can't for the life of : nis imagine why, except for the fact that she rinln'i care two straws about him. She uaed to be ru.ie to him. ihou;:li, anil that was an ad vance on the distantly polite attitude she adopted towards everybody else. Well, at the last Bachelor's Ball but one, ; Ftrgiison and Miss Watcrlicld danced together more than once, I caii vouch fur that, and they Rat out together pretty often too. She was ; never in much demand as a partner, though he j was popular enough ; but he never looked at | anybody else that light. His eyes followed her, 1 like a Jog's eyes all ovo'r the -room ; and she . went iihout, eil l-.er withdiim, or without him, a pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. She looked rai her pretty that night, but whether she. enjoyed herself or not I have not the least idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come in and have a smoke with me after the dance ; and as he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room. I said : Vju're coining round for a pipe, ell ? ' He said : ' Not to-night. I think. J'm a bit done up somehow.' I thought he seemed rather low-spirited and tired, and he shook hands with ffle, which was rather a rum thing to do. Woll, 1 wiac was tour years ago, and I have never set ejes on tho man since. Mind the clock, Frank, Jour right foot is dangerously near it..' ' ^ou ought not to say such startling things, then. Go on.' 'The next day Ferguson lei I; Littleborough ; without a word to anybody. His letters were forwarded to him at some club in Loudon, I jorgei: which. Most people wondered at his going, and missed him not a little ; but the J °'ly person who could throw any light on it Was -diss Waterfie'iil, and nobody iu his senses ever dreamed of nunimm; her. She went on Jost hs usual not lookiijg either melancholy or relieved, but simply expressionless. 1 spoke to her once about him. but she never answered, j changed the subject to Home, where she ' jnsr. I :een. She was not exactly garrulous Mi that topic cither ; but that is neither here onr there. ' We had just issued t he invitations for the oe.*t Bachelor's Ball -i yeir after, and Charlie Oavidson, wlio was. 1 ngaged to be. married at 111? time had signalised bis farewell appearance '? 8 Secretary by making evenabiggi r mess of the 'all tban usual. On that occasion he overlooked l je 1. ord-Lieu tenant and the Colonel in com luaiul. I was in he County Club lunching one ' with two or three other fe'lows, when a 0:11,1 'aid suddenly, ' I see that poor young Fer Euson, who was up lrere, is dead. He died here in Africa about six weeks ago. It Ri« v tllc Didn't anybody see it ? ' Js-jue of us had si cn it, and it was a great ' ' -°e.c la me. But Charlie Davidson, who was ?icrc, turned as-pale, as 3 sheet, anil laid: down Knife and fork. I knew at opce he had seirt Wjor 1'orguson a card for. the ball, and for once 1 ' lelt rather sorry for him. as he looked very ' much upset. j AoungHaliburton, however, begau to crack Bis ensiomary jokes at Charlie's expense. He ' oteen- jjcl that we should have a cheerful ball if Sverybedy our secretary .invited turned up, and , . jtirther anxious to discover if Queen Anne ;)wn asked, saying he thought she might be ' aJfWn!ed at the omission. But when he went said it was enough to drag young Fer ;rom his grave, the luckless Charlie ICOkr.l c. Ill . °. i- ,-m ? i. ? J— ,l.„ ! — ?- -™ »ii i-u«i- people 101a xiaiiouriou lo uijj : tha/1^ n0^ ant^ ^e funny on a subject like j You know, I think . Davidson was worked . jJP '.nto rather an ' eetie 5 state of mind when jSe eventful night arrived. He has often, in me the story of what he saw, remarked he felt a presentiment ? ' . ' Oh, don't''. interiupted bis listener. 'Don't 'is have a»y presentiments. Go on with the *necflote.' I „ Jast as you like;' replied Wickham, mildly. Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind the supper-room iad just been opened. and bo wn-) rushing ibotit telling tbe wrong men to take ia the wrong ladies He came in tbecourse of his career to a small sitting-out room close to the entrance-hall. It .was rather, 11 cold and unpopular room, with a dejected- looking palm tree in the centre, Mid fitted out with the shab biest of tho sofas and chairs. The ball secretary came. in. but be stopped quite as hastily iu the doorway. F'or. sitting side by side on a couch exactly opposite him were Miss Waterfield and Dunlop Fersguson. The intruder was too much staggered to see very clearly, but he looked Ferguson full in the face and saw that he was white and haggard. ' Charlie Davidson could not stand the sight, and bolted out like steam. He managed to find me in the supper-room, and I could not think what was the row with bim. I gave him some brandy, which he wanted badly ; and then he told me what he had seen, and begged me to go and see what I could see. ' Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go aud inspect a ghost, and I hesitated a little. But then I concluded either that they had been mistaken in telling us that Ferguson was dead, or else that Charlie h»d been mistaken in thinking that he had seen him. So I put on as calm a face as I could and made straight for the spot. I went in airily and casually, only to find there was nobody there but Miss Waterfield. She was leauing back on the sofa, with her hands behind her head, look ing up at the electric light.' ' Didn't she seem upset ?'' asked Curgenven, ' or startled ? ' ' She looked nothing, as she always did,' was the reply. ' There was positively not one sign about her that could tell anybody anything. She looked, if anything, a little bored.' ' That is quite the correct expression for a inrl tn WMr.' nVlRPrVf.il nilrrrmivpil Cplpr1.inrr n cigarette from the box on the table, ?' when her dead lover has returned from the grave' to meet her on the anniversary of the day she rejected him. I suppose you catechised her ? ' ' My cross-examination was very skilful, for I led up to it gently. I said I didn't know she was all alone ; to which she replied, ' Didn't you : ' — which is a chilling sort of answer, and one at which she was very great. I could not for the life of me go on to say that I had been told a ghost was sitting out the supper dances with her. I made some general remark, whioh she received with a polite ' Indeed ! ' displaying no interest of any kind ; aud then her mother suddenly came iu. Her mother is talkative, and an idiot, so I fled, leaving the secret be hind me. ' I'm bound to say that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the story later on in the evening when several glasses of champagne in tervened between himself and the facts. He made out that Ferguson's whole demeanour was corpse-like and supernatural, and added a sug gestion of a bullet-wound in his forehead, im plying suicide. However, other people were in clined to be less impressed, and hinted that the Secretary had been sampling the drinks before supper. Young Haliburton, when he was next in London, made inquiries at Ferguson's club whither Charlie had posted the card for the Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said be had heard nothing of Fergusson for several months, and that he had left no address to which his letters might be forwarded. He showed Hali burton about thirty letters for Ferguson, and Haliburton eagerly searched through them to inTrif « f trvri 'Riff ? fcllis Wn-5 Si VPfV strange feature in it — the invitation to the ball was not among the letters. Wasn't that curious ? ' ' It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out somewhere beyond his Club.' ' Shortly after this remarkable apparition, Miss Waterfield went away .from Littleborough. I think she went abroad to learn some species of musical instrument in Germany. 1 believe music interests her faintly, much more than lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise man in the Club once said that if Ferguson were really dead he considered Kitty Waterfield morally guilty of his death. Upon which a still wiser man suggosted that he should go and tell her so.' _ ? Captain, fo'i'enven .considered Wickham'* „«ui/an excellent one, ana iu remained an ex cellent story, in his estimation, until one day he hapened to'see in the paper the marriage, tele graphed home rom Africa, of a certain Mr. Duulop Ferguson to an officer's daughter in Cape Town. Then he recollccted that the name was nob a very uncommon one, and that the Littleborough psychical researchers had not very conclusive evidence that theFergueon who appeared at the ball was the samo Ferguson who was dead. Charlie Davidson and Wickham both maintain that the man who has just been married is auother person of the same name. Others, however, hold that Ferguson paid a flyiug visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with liis hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Waterfield comes back to her native town certaiu bold spirits havo resolved ts cast lots to decide who shall question her and find out the truth.—' Vanity Fair.' 