FICTION. THE HIGMWAYMAN'S GHOST, [BY J. J. SANDEMAN.] "Towards the end of this wonderful performance the ilandlord had turned his back. Shaking like a jelly I had the handle of a toddy ladle between my teeth; and I thought poor Mr IHannie in his endeavours to keep from laugh ing, might have well passed for the half-strangled highwayman. The effect on the rest of our party was far differ ent. Mrs HIannie and the landlady looked frightened: perhaps in the case of the latter it was fear of M'Gregor sitting down on her-which he came near doing more than once. The brothers, who were heavy drinkers, sat with very solemn faces, possibly under the impression that they had delirium tremens. "No sooner had M'Gregor finished his story, than Mrs -Halunie got up from the table, made a curtsey, walked to the door saying, 'Don't be long, Hannie dear,' and left us alone in our glory. " Our landlord, at the request of the brothers seconded by Mr Hannie, brewed us another bowl of punch; then pleading business, he followed his wife from the room. In a little while my companions became rather noisy, but quieted down on Mr Hannie kindly volunteering to tell us a ghost story that would keep us awake for six months. " 'It's about a frightful murder,' said Mr Hannie with some gusto, 'but as it is necessary you should under stand the ghost part of it, I'll follow M'Gregor's example and illustrate the whole business.' "The old gentleman approached the sofa, and placed the two hard round pillows lengthways end to end to represent a sleeping mau, then undramatically seated himself on the dummy to. give us some introductory particulars. Above the sofa was a bracket supporting a bright green shepherd and shepherdess in china. They each had hold of the same crook, and each carried under their arm an extraordinary looking specimen of the sheep family. Mr Hannie sat directly under the bracket, and when he kept still the shepherd and shepherdess appeared to be standing on the top of his head, like some curious insignia of royalty. "' New,' said Mr Hannie, stepping towards the fireplace, ' I'm going to commit the murder.' " He picked up the poker, stuck it under his arm, and, somewhat to our alairm, walked in front of M'Gregor, but it was only to have another drink of punch. Then, with long, stealthy, and rather unsteady steps, he drew near the sofa, but stopped before he conimitted the deed and said,' When I strike you must imagine the pillows clh4ching at the air, and shrieks, and grd6tns, and blood spurting all over the place, and all that sort of thing.' "li He made another stealthy step, swliig the poker round, and knocked the shepherd's head clear across the roomt. 'That's spoilt it,' said Mr Hannie. Whether he meant the china figure or his performance I don't know, for he continued, ' I won't go through it all again, but just finish off the man.' With the poker he lunged furipusly at the cushions; one fell on the floor, but nothing daunted he re placed it, and then commenced thrash ing both until clouds of dust began to fly about the room. ' Now,' said Mr Hannie, leaning on the poker with one hand and wiping his forehead with the other. ' Now he's dead or ought to be. What was that ?' " Two low distinct knocks had been given on the door. A dead silence followed,and they were repeated. Irose to see the cause; and confess that for once in my life I felt I had been taking too much punch. Bracing myself up, I looked as solemn as possible and partly opened the door. "Never shall I forget the fright I received; there in the passage stood a tall, ghastly-looking object, draped in white with a shawl drawn closely round its shoulders and a candle in its hand. " Then the ghost spoke, and this is what it said. 'Hannie, dear, when are you coming to bed, I am so frightened I've held the clothes over my head tillI'm nearly smothered. I shan't goback withont you.' Like a good man Mr Hannie hastened to obey and carefully laid the poker on the table, under the impression that it was a toddy ladle. " When he was gone thebrothers proposed another bowl of punch; but M'Gregor, who now looked very solemn indeed, informed them that, in the first place, he was purposely keep ing his head as clear as possible for what might happen during the night, and, that, in the second place, he feared that I had already drank enough for a young man and he would at once help me to bed. "Mr M1'Gregor's assistance was of rather a novel character. A fine old stairway wound up to our rooms, and I distinctly remember that he tried to induce me to walk through the wall, e under the belief it was a door. On the t landing at the top of the stairs, and d only a few feet from them, a tall, top. t heavy-looking cupboard was placed . against the wall, and facing the F further side of it was my bedroom . door. Very much to my annoyance,.I I had to reconduct M'Gregor part of r the way he had come, for it suddenly u dawned on us that he slept down stairs. After undressing I pulled up my blind to see what sort of a night it T was, and with a sigh of satisfaction t turned into bed. "I do not know how long I slept, t but a sort of nightmare awoke me, and f with an uncomfortable feeling I looked I round the room. Then the crowing a of a cock increased my nervous- I ness a hundredfold, as I thought of the highwayman's ghost. Then all the poultry in the neighbour- f hood conversed for half-an-hour, and all became silent again. But the cock at the Red Lion had not done yet, and t tarted once more. In despair of sleeping, and in no very amiable frame 1 of mind. I sat up in bed. Yes, there was the author of my troubles I HeI was white, and standing on my window- t sill. I suppose I was hardly awake, but anyway, forgetful of the interven ing glass, I suddenly stretched out of bed, seized a topboot, and hurled it furiously at the offender I made a splendid shot and hit the cock, which proved to be the ewer standing in my basin, and knocked it smash through the window. 1 In a moment there was another crash, as the ewer went with a terrific noise through a skylight below. I heard doors banging, women shrieking, and men swearing. Anxious to calm the storm I opened the door to rush on to the landing and nearly knocked my brains out against the cupboard, which turned over and went down the stairs. 1 Being full of china the noise was like an earthquake ; and in another minute came the climax, as it reached the passage below and burst open, scattering the contents in all direc tions. "If the highwayman's ghost was anywhere in the vicinity the sight that presented itself when I looked down the stairs would most certainly have put him to flight. The landlord, with an awful expression of fear on his face and very little clothing on his body, was standing in the midst of the broken crockery, looking upwards as though he expected more; his wife was close behind him, holding her hands to her ears to shut out the noise of any further little dirturbance I might create. Mr Hannie, having run against an open door, was sitting in the passage holding a petticoat over his knees; while his wife hung round the neck of one of the brothers, her unhappy supporter unconsciously hold ing on to her hair. "'What the devil, sir, does this mean,' thundered the landlord. "' I-I thought it was crowing out side my window,' I replied peering over the banisters. "' He's gone mad,' said the second brother, appearing with a blunderbuss in his hand. " Hurriedly pulling on my clothes, I. descended the stairs and tried to explain matters, Suddenly it flashed through my mind that I had seen nothing of M'Gregor during the ex citement, so, with the landlord's per mission, I took the small nightlamp that lighted the hall and entered the haunted room. "The bed was empty, but a shaky voice cried from under it, ' Oh, good gracious ! What's he done ?' "' What's who done? ' I asked. "'Why,' gasped poor M.'Gregor, as he wriggled into sight, ' I didn't wake up in time, and I suppose the high wayman's ghost was offended.' "In conclusion, I must say that there was a very marked coolness between my fellow passengers and me during the rest of our journey to Lon don." 