THE GHOSTS OF H|S,L1 : | Bl ftKBA:GREaORT PRBtAT."" ;:i:- I Faterson Miller etoqd by the fire and eonteni- platsd th# wide expanse of his shirt bosom in the mirror hhoye' the mantel. ! He was, atlired iii: a dross suit.'or,' as' ho would 'have, expressed "it himself, his 'ievehitig , oloth'di;" :'.Thsy' were made In London 'and Poole was reepohhible for tlieih,; to that from their style and but there. was 'no appeal ; nevertheless to-night they made- blm vsgucly uueomfbrtabla ; thbr'o seemed' bo milch more white exposure than usqsl.- He folt ln a way as if. the broadcloth had retreated; aiid left hie hoart open to tho gaze of all men.' He put ths idea from him with the refiootibh' that tho pattern of the Yest was new, and that diamonds, in' whioh' he "hail formerly disported himself, wero no longer fashionable. His general atti tude towards himself was one of congratula tion, and, considered suporfioially. He' had every inducement to untune it. He had lived only 42 years ; but iuto them lie had paoked' 80'years'of success. I'oopls often'said "of liim-'that'lie lied never foiled in anything. He tyas'n'bapitalU't' who bad made bis oapltul, and a social; lion who roared alter a manner enlirely' lifs'owliV'i' fib- had the charm of novelty'/as, well, 'from'' tlie New York standpoint, ;for liis'liomorwia iH''tiieI West, nnd.ho did not Tail to givc hiquiiilf' thg benefit of the Faclfio' effectiveness.':.' Ho'wa! now waiting for" his'.frieud, Raymond- Birksr. They were going to a gtand 'reooptibii, tvhere Mr. Miller was 'expected to"roaV;>ati»fo'otbrlIy: and inhale the ncouitomed.'amount riflinbehss afterward. ' T . Barker was a shrewd fellow," fur whaBfi oplnion ho lied ouniidorable retpbot. ' "'Yob liave w.on' your great position';'" he was ; w'ont" to/observe' to the millionaire, " iiy your' wdndbrTuieonimand of men." ' It seemed' su'bh an easy sblutioi! that I'utsi son never qucslione'd ' it; " - Now" id' thiB'in- terval of enforced, wa'itliig, ;idea» 'thruVt' tlibm." selves into, lijs braifl wliioh lie 00 nok drive away. ' Perhaps tho afbiemtntiontd shirt bosom waa responsible' for it all; sinco' lt" brought IHii lioiirt in evidence, and' tho lieortk'iiatufaliy suggesled -women. He diil! notiearb' td' thmki about them'at;:atl, he said-td; iiii'nself; for, they had playqd' bo ' unimportant , a", part in his life. ."Command over men," that, was'an' iincf'udua phrase, and ho would stick to it.' Was it, true, however?, ' Hs glanos'd agaiii nt the mirror, in stinctively expecting to see the sympathetio twinkle of his diamond stud, whioli had. always given him an approving wink. Now the un-; adorned linen refused to oo.-dpeiatO: .in "auy fohemo of self deception, iiy sorts odtLpfocsss of rtasoning his mind reverted to the days of Lis youth, when he had bscn glad to cover his manly ahest with a cruder but more plo'tbreiquo envelope; when, also, his presont pinuifcld 'woe tho aomo of his iIieamB. His great fortune had been mado by three aucoeesivd atageii. .. First, tho Land and Irrigation Company, of Lower - California; secondly, the Coluibbia aad Oregon Central. Railroad ; thirdly, the OcoidentBl. Steamship Line, Ho saw himself 'oh'iiis 32oU birthday riding up to an old stone gate belong- ing to one of' the greutoat haciendas on the Puerto coast. Ho was employed aa a civll bngi- noer on the e&tats;, and' his personal 'exnc'ricuoe of money wasboufined strlotly to his salary. Tue'.ranbh houso was long aud low, .with a : small ohape.l. near by,' and numerous blustering buildings; partly frame, pnrtly adobe, Strewn: around;-: 'strewn around " exaotly suggests tho pioture to the Anglo-Saxon hiind ; for regiv- larity of any kind It foreign to tho rural Call- fbrnia distriota whore Spanish iufliicnoe prevails. Ho could remember the Woiuioi ful halm of tho Rir, tho fftint u&lfc; stu oil of tho nolghbotiug oooan— tho old world clmnn and quiet of it al). Ho knew tlmt Lower California lost itsolf to the northward in the great whirlpool whioh we call the United Statu, and he definitely folfc that he did not wish to roturn to it aa poor a'a he had left. He did not return until he waa prepared to make a triumphant entry, and the lover whioh railed him to viotory wa found in tlie old haiconda, He aolcnowlodgod rather rue fully to liimuelf that his flrat start had ooine to him through a woman, She camo to meet him oa that /August aftomoon. tho 8 dPrng:Aher;:iiko \\.y&x;\ AiSl Au aSUl sweetnesa .in .her;>yW which wr««»firll I .uponliim. ; Dolores La Paloma was hor'/"11 1 which, being translated, moans tf1B so, ®e' I ths dove.;' She hold A', crueifix in li«,-i x 01 1 bho had 1 come direotly from tho chapsl. 4'" 1 altogether, he did, not seem a suitable toil,"1 commercial manipulation, and vet if , l" B just this that he designed lior. sh. " riel, est widow that h.Bhad ever known ! 1 seemed a pity to let suoh a ohance cross Li, 9 in vain. He fait hu way dolioit«lv i«rr I her property in tho daytime, white I guarded love to her in the evening. Sho dift E unders and his line of sentiment in tho ie E he shifted his point of attack. Her heart i i dead in the ooffin of the' old hidalgo li.A ' I band , ; .but hsr apul was still ahovcou 1 could be worked upon. Tliere was n." ,, 13 1 American born who did not yearn to organi.w 8 stock company ; and . Paterson Miller „ H exception to the rule.. He had tried to' inter.,! fl a number oLmen; in liis cnterpriec, but i Z I laughed him to .eorn. nnd CTlloil him daring, I unpraotical. His plnna involved i'rrieslini ;!J I needed much money to exploit Doiore" I sesaed tho mopoy; and he tlie desire toueeit, I IVliy did not Raymond Barker come ? Ti,,.. fl was no reason why "this" dead nnd cone i,„,. I should haunt liim to- night. . lie had madehh I money bythe' -'command'of men," and it «.;.! I him to" find an earlyim'omor'y that did not hn, I it'out'V'He bould'not get- away, from it. so P. I went bh with'h'is'remliiisienoes;' ' : - I Kill, I .Dolorei hs he Skjilaitlhd'to'h'st'his grand nt! I relifeldn- jiud'Yeii'bf ; fnto d?ecrt pE I ife n.ooseary tbie! I reach realisation I hi - « r ' %?aJ, an9'possibl» .good fired bl I nation nAliiVEiiglUb,' be traded qdmi I the nobUat elemeiiU fbefnaturc for his own I selfish fenda,1 ! HeV'drbw5' wdrd' pictures of tie I beiiefitd to a'ocriie to the'poor »uii needy ha I ftftcr chapel, and fl senc liumlreds pf Juatlves to ' worship in iiiem . I .he arrangid himsolf ;the widow as centra! I .fifiMrw "Of; obhrityahd.j hcneficcnce, around whioh thli tranicendep tat. colony should ri I p.'Fi.ublly. sKe.saidj.VMyfrfend, 1 trust you I uUefly;beqau'ao,you ars;eo';gobd. Tconld not ssrye'God'hotter than hy'.'making you the dis tributor ok some of "His" great-gifts to me. Yes .will, uso .any. .power .that you may have for others.npt, yourself.";. To bb brief, lis got the .bnpitaj'tq fotm Til's bompany';'and lio prored to Tlls .worlil nt large liow feasible were tha pliai wliioliTind'beeu obbdemned as visionary. Thi doner f blossomed iike. aTose, anil his oaloulst. ing.tbrift , mnnogejl; Dolores's money so mil that she lost little ' in, the .. venture oxcept hir faith .iu'i'ihuiiiah -nature. " Farms and storei, ealoona; 'and banks'," all " the . paraphernalia ol American, influx, ' foilowad in the wakt of the stupendous ..enterpriee ;,..biit .whera were tho oli'apels end. the kneoling 'natives ? '"'Dolorw'.k<id,'Uit)t.!«igafo'jiiid sgain in regard to hie original pro'missi', hut ho put her off with tbe sauve, non-ooinnlittai .answer, employed ia trying 'sjtiiatibhs fay, 'men,' in his class. All tbii .wasf ycars'ago; yot ay'en to-night ha could see her loprbachful eyes ahd .Tienr the hnipleis in- digniitibn'ihher, partiugiybrds, "You have ho- tra'yed'me."" " " -..peoidedly; ymond|,B.arksr;muat be dead. He almoxt lioped ho.waL : .Ho left, tho fire with the .in tention of- getting: away -from the mirror, but with the blatant truckling to porsonal vanity so eharaateristio., of American; hotels, lie found another pier glaad. of excellent quality coafront- ing !iim:on the opposite walL;.- " "Well, "said the mirror, inexorably, V Dolorss La Paloma gate you your, firat start— which was not exactly eoin- mand of men, ,:JIow did you makekbat splendid deal on.ths.Uolumhia and.Orsgon Central?" . IL Onoe' mors1 a Vision ! arose, and lie saw a girl standing.on the- mouutain:aide. i It was easy to tell tliat she' was lexbtiopand -not the natural pompanlbu of theasumao and goklan rod around her! i:Her.-.haudiiwere-full:of the brilliant blu- roms; and . Patsrson Miller. was talking to her. He wss clad-in an outing ooatumo, positively wliblimo as an'- expression of -effective humbug. 'His spiendidunasciilint beaiityiwae of tho Greek :typc; ' Ho gave' one tha 'itnpreesion of belonging by right tu the'-Olyinpio: games, :.and regarding the niodernJflannel and straw as araero ioai- queraile. fr'Thei girl thought,': " Can -thiB Simple and kindiy gent Ionian, .who aeeins to take as pride! in .llis ricbek; 'be : really Paterson lllller, wljonv my father-' considers so dreadful ? I em suf eTlint-wlieii. the ikuowo'hiin better lio mil olmngo his oplnion.'.'.i: .sjl.syiv I utAlouU-'shct'said:: " Youi muat como to eee us wheipwe all get baok to San Frauoiaoo lo the 'autimiiwiBirii.-iiii 4«Hjr, ;A .i' "-' , f' Bualncaaigroatly absorbs ms," ho eaid but I alwayd'take an; interest in' young girls. Tliey mako me think of a' dear little 'sister whom I loel." . iff 0,, Paterson. Miller-l:r .'Paterson Miller I . lja never: hadea sister. jCould ybu not leave the flank.movomenfc of tlie siiter rolc to the lady . Must you even. borrow. feminine thunder to isw youtHoif from blame or. annoyanos? .would guess that you. had left tho Pacifio coaei for the eipresa. pufposoiof, learning tc know this giil ou nndiiformal footing?.,! : . jClld ICingthan her father, qwnsd the contiol- ling interest in the Columbia and Oregon L«u- tral- Railroad., , Kingman .was a shining light W tho,; YfJLO! A. '.Hebtid inherited liU. money, and so had'not undergone" the hardening proem o.f. making it.. ' . „ s. ' ...Miller understood quits. praotioally that ne wpuldliay.p hb ohanoe of winning tho confluence of tlrt old gentleman in San Franoisoo ; b'Siut'i it was not .wholly on a business basis tint oi bni-ed to moot him. The younger oapitshit nw nsrer pashed himself sooiully — lis was incspsoii of hiid,form— ho aoooroplishod his purports u. mors subtle but less sorupulous means, in"' was nothing to prevent his hsppeniog upon and Miss Kingman in the distant Adirondack, where .h? would seem to. them a person trora homo, separated nl«o ftoin that personal onviron- Tncut to whioli thoy mlglirhav oMeqted. lis walked with the ladies, rodo with tn oarrlod Mrs. Kingman's riumsrous wraps listened to tho hintory of ail her relation!. _ . IVhon lis lofc tlis mountain retreat »» Kingman repeated: "You must be eure «nu us see something of you at home. , . , Then he played his winning card, which him out from all responsibility in the futur " I shall resoh California muoh sooner tn»o you will. Suppose you send mo your enrd , . you wisli mo to call." Hs bsstowod ins » upon them, and left tho poison to world . One yenr from that time ho stood on the of an ocean steamer, bidding good-bye to - p little Elfio Kingman. Ho hadbeoomo a 'riina tiro family, and tho treated adviser of hsr wa in husinosa. Tho inner worktugs of tho u« lumbia and Oregon Central were cryeto I hitn now ; but tho prloe of this informstt 9 hear» A3 the bright' color left | a «nJ li.r spirits her paints, t«rcB«-» hin.. Peterson Miller advocated ; I PP0 »i? If France, which hod the great j I nf Usi t.iV far from him. i 1 orJlorehidpisMdUt lips, for ho fi ho4" hU5 hia sntbmon, ye: ho had 1 J"i't ffom tha tat that hia brotharly atton- I Knt tha anfn?. of exiatecce to h«r. ; I "S'ltiHii hjr'nitif-al part in hia game of wa3 accessary to sacrifice her. j I tea Stramar with th r«at of bar I Bf , W.U with an enormous quantity of cut I Ititfl'. ;ch ila steward at bar raqneat i !o,,r'.'i. thr-T orerboard wban the boat cash I p»»WH#-hiU oo: bid hand to her, bat by I " ."final instinct abe turned away, and he I 'H i,, eras the aantenee he cnnld nok ;;;Vcnha»a betrayed me r I 1 ,11 hrs araat "conp" od.tlm. ."Columbia Jo 5"nc/l KaifrolicooIAkall he I to the ' command or.men.T- ,H« had I ESa Kiapaan._for yaara f be .hoped, be I J'caid never ice her again. .... .. . it nlaved the eery de»tt . -ailh. a' w being to t aft.r harimj dreaaed for the iTiticg. ' .. : ' hl . . . . in order to aroid mirror,, ha- fiiad. his gaae on theg!o»iiisccala in the srata, h?» e«n then I, eoold not get away -from hm- paat; the iunthsnd heat auggested a fire in hia own lil, which was not quite horned out. now had be captured the .presidency of the ineoiporated Occidental Steamahip. Linel_ He I Lu tha voangest preaident .. known as .being at thaheadof each a company., and h« cwinej, Abraham Sawyer, rsaigned. Sorely this lime it wai tba command of men ! Belnccank mtraory refused to call a crowd of his own sex u risible factors, and insisted upon conjuring up the graceful SsureoC a womam. Vfhat was the figure doing! Presenting 3fr. Millar toiJIr. Sawyer. Worst of all, it ia Siwver'a wife. ... Ooce mere be played the doable business and domaitic drams, only with: a heasfer hand, for Iflhia woman btaaks bar heart she will, say nothing about it; Herevelledin theromantic whan there was no ruE' ' " " babella Sawyar. was a mature woman ; aba get took out "for .herself! Who slowly insi nuates the idea of ratirament into Mr. Sawyer's Bind! Whokeapa Pataraon Miller, before hia mental retina? V. Snraiy, the woman who. is. always about an old man has wonderful power' to infiuence him I Only a scoundrel takes advantage of such things ; that is, when he knows about them. Mr. Miller took good care not to . know too much. It is quite true that Abraham Sawyer named to take the initiative. , Hei offered to propose Paterson- as bis; successor and paid, a glowing tribiita to bis ' business ability. He fnrthormore added : — " I conld not have apprs- ' elated you 10 wall had I not grown accustomed to ' poor daily society as onr'mosi' familiar friend At any rate, the deal waa made these years "a go, and Isabella still remained charming. / , Retirement had acted badly upon Abraham Sssyer. Old age fell suddenly upon him, and be could not, like tha" Latins, " enjoy his ease ' with dignity." Leisure and dignity were things that he had never had 'time : to cultivate, . and now that bo wanted them ic'waj too late to begin. He bought a grand placa near the Golden Gele, snd made several attempts to amnse him- eilf with fancy farming, "bat pescfiei were fiat niter epeculating in bonds; and Angoragoats.no matter how long and soft their hair, failed to use tbeplaee of tha balls and hears in his old familiar stock market" . Iisheila led rather a dreary. life in this li ttle gteen paradise, and it was bat natural that ahe ehoald turn for sympathy to Paterson Miller, to forther whoee career she had sacrificed' herself. He honestly tried to aoarhe her intense suffer ing by hit own specious plausibility. He temembored a certain i night when the anguish of her 100L bad cried aland, when aha bada him redeem his promise to take hereaway from, her huhond, across, that broad-ocean which was rolling at their feet. He .answered that thing meet remain as they were, that they hath' had a petition to maintain, an example to- set for the world in which they lived, and 'much more twiddle of tha same kind- He thought to him self boar very dull it would be mooning around Venice with Mrs. Sawyer, or joining the great trraj of the declasse oa the Riviera. The vary idea of it made, him. sick, and -he spoke more decidedly. "My. dear.- you must be patient U is as hard for me las it ia for yqu.1V . She turned upon hintat this add gave him hia lint taste of feminine, invective. ' " Yon have thought only of yourself," ahe cried, . "I have wonhipped a living lie all these years. . I have ucrificed my honor and lift, my. intellect and heart, to your ambition,.; I have, no redresa on beaven or earth. A crime lite mine appeals .to neither God nor man. In the universal desola tion I have a j oat- claim upon nobody but yon. Ion have betrayed met" . >.. The laat four words seemed to have taken the I El®8 0' 'k8 phrieewith which he itarted out 1 he 'betrayal of woman " was hardly as eatia- factory as the " command of men." - _He felt as if tfie mangled corpse of Raymond oerker would be an 'exceedingly pleasant spec- wcle. As if in answer to hi blaodthirsty knock ""lb gentleman entered after a slight "Sorry I ki'pt'- yon waitrhg, old boy, bo tit vis unavoidable. It seems -to ma yon look a little pale tonight." ' - It ia the d — — d draughts in your hotels," « iv"0B liar- re plied, gloomily. "There Es like the Pacific coast, anyway : they : . E, V1B ra a bqtelln New Tort" the Eastern men smiled.- Many things are ftrgiric to capitalists." » - "will feel qaite at home'to-nfght," he »JOi becadsa there will-be a'nnmber of Sau afraociverana at the receptfan. ' You may meet one old friends; »' ' :.t Tr sty >.- . , H'-l friends-are" like-' draughts t they blew "navory places,' and make me nervous." - "TA.tn »sri!oaBIdcompanian;ia the "Rar„"?lT.Kf8 tjtom'tq their destination, but awL,?''-,?""' w" an.' adept in'amdotbing felt L. hurnor of the rich, and MiHer soon in jfi ' , ce 'he baHrooru, surrounded by Ihiirn u K " B flattery, Paterson Miller Tn E recovered himself. ;; ' ! a »"Plict did >as , invitod; to ' join a be .fJ" 0B# hf tha music rooms,' ' By the door' n7a Kr2P thafstdr'tled him." i " ; " " : ,hl ,'r , Hefoma leaned back la an easy illvhi'ii 88 mantilla- veiling hair that was 'islfuL Brey aB 'hading' featares wan and tiid'i.?'Q?nua 't00 beside her,- still unmar- nn,'»f 1, Jfarw! and subjected to that Ioneli- lotsil ,, "'"'-Which cornea to . women .who have slanln?11! . order that hia cop might he tbl, , 'eIy fruhella Sawyer made a third in baek f«n!El ,s kut accusing galaxy. He fell self i« "5 or aa>h'fl, understanding him- Ihr-iu- _ , feHy . was— his callous organism nil, lt ',aVwith a sense of. pity for them thM.''''?. 00 ' ent«r the room, ' and the false command of men," faded for aver from his brain. He could not fac- them, for 1 cral 4114 "£ Iiie-:ri7rl" 3mo' 