THE HEW GLADSTONE. '. *; WHITING of Gladstone's imperturla-" bil'ty during the general election, Mr. -. H. W. Lucy, in his London cerré» epondence, fays :-" It is imposs:ble to avoid reflection on tV.e altered cir- cumstances under which tha vetara» statesman lived and it'll worked. In .. ' obédience ts bis own injunction ina famous peroration fae bad been wise ' and wise in time. Bad be no% at tha ' close of the long session tbat saw tba Home Bale Bill carried through tha Commons and hewed to pieces before the Lords, ret'red from the pol tical arena, he would have found himeef at tba cl se of hiB little holiday in the Baltic face to face with a fresh and stupendous contest. As it was he could read his paper with all tha comfort! and healthy interest of the man who had no responsibility for Ministerial action or the conree of political events. Net for him the. anxious confabulation with Cabinet colleagues. Not for.him the slow arrival at momentous decisions. No more Midlothian campaigns for him,nor any more the anxious watching of the rising or falling poll, with the alternate issue of embarking him once more on a troubled Ministerial voyage, or in drifting him out to the havenlee* sea of Opposition. As after landing from, the Tautallon Castle he drove through the crowded streets of tbe city he most have felt whai marvellous change was wrought in his condition. Three years earlier, driviig through London, tho metropolis throbbing in anticipation of a general election, his carriage would have been followed by an exciting crowd, some cheering, some hooting, according as conscience and conviction dictated; Now as he passed along at tbe slow pace necessitated by the city traffic, people on the pathway?, recog- nising the familiar face and figure, stepped, to look. , ' There's Gladstone/ wd they to each other, and lifted their _ hate in mute, respectful salutation, i There waa ; parsing through ..the city etr ets . not tho strenuous statesman! round"whom' for; mere than 50 years the; turmoil of. political warfare had raged. It was only bis ghost-a «raith that bad ncthing to do with election conteste or with nsajorities in the House of Commons or tbe country." . I The draging of the St Albans con saltation will take place on October 24. Great wreck was made among the banners and bannerettes carried in the Eight Hoar procession in Adelaide. Only twp banners-the Seamen's and the . Carriers' (the la'ter made of > leather)-came through the gusty, ordeal unscathed. ~ In the Police Court this morning, Mr G. A. Mille, «T.P., presiding, two "drunks" were fined in small amounts. Melbourne wiro : At the District . Police Cpurt. tc-day (Monday) John Brandel!, sen., of the Queen Victoria Market, was fined £20 and cost) for offering for sale for human consump- tion beef which was unfit for food. Auoklaud wire : Arrangements have been .concluded between Messrs. Huddart and Parker and the Union, Steamship Company which will have the effect of terminating the present ruinous competition in fares and freights. Weekly sailings are to bo continued between Sydney, Auckland, and the East Coast ports with alternative vessels, while the Union Company will run a third steamer oa v the East Coast between Dunedin a»d j Aookland.. Fretwork wood ; great varietys, Prest ?ad Hocking.* - 