Jottings by the Way. Mr. Wragge is something more than a weather prophet. He is surely a genu- <*> ine Isaiah, or the duplicate of Joel or Malachi ! A late deliverance of his with " Uk" for a text, reads like a ser ; mon—certainly the last sentence or two would have done. Elijah credit. We (eel . that meteorology has taken a new direc • tlon; and that those who in future would measure the rain or feel the pulse of the •weather must be devout men. .The Wragge standard is a high one.' Take this utterance, for instance: — "No drought could last under these circum stances, which are brought about by the operation of physical laws, as the sun, by the earth's revolution, increases his southern declination in strict accord ance with the grand economy of Nature.'.' Weather prophecy on such a plane needs a cathedral and choristers behind it to do our Clement justice. It may happen that Mr. Wragge loves a sonorous sentence, and relishes the taste of strong words. Some men are built that way. They would pile up their eloquence upon a barrel of pork by way of grace rather than lose the enjoy ment of forcible language; and they may be trusted to clothe the dry bones of .ita tistics with solid flesh. This does not imply that they feel all they say. The . itch of speech catches them—that is all. So with Mr. Wragge he may be unable -to resist temptation; and when called upon to render his daily dish .of weathor cannot help garnishing it with flowers and fern leaves. The critic, who is re minded by the following of the Japanese Club at Thursday Island, has no soul:— " Thus it is that factors which have operated as secondary laws to cause a prolongation of the dry weather have at length to give way under the inevit able and standard regime of the ' Infinite and Eternal Energy from Whom all things proceed.'" " Reggy" writes to the Melbourne " Herald" :—" Can you please tell me if it is true that Lady Brassey rides a bicycle ? I am a boy 12 years old, and I have five sisters, and I won a bicycle two months ago in a raffle in Chapel street, and ever since my sisters heard that Lady Brassey rides a bicycle I simply can't get a chance at all. They take my bike-out into the yard, and — well, I should just like you to see what happens. However, I ain't going to stand this sort of thing any longer. If you can't say In'your paper that Lady Brassey don't ride no bicycle, can any of your reporters send me word about any thing to stop a lady from riding a bi cycle ? My mate says to try tacks, but I think our Nell's too fly to sit on a nest of tacks. I should be obliged if any per son can tell me something, if it only steps. three of them, I would have * chance." Melbourne "Punch," In its last issue, sets some fun out of a streak of light ning. It was a Victorian streak. The lightning ran down a chimney, cut the leg off a safe, split the kettle, set fire to the wall paper, and stripped the coat off a man who was sitting at the table. This is nothing to* the performances of a streak we once heard of from a hairy man from Omeo. The streak of light ning struck his hut, and entered without knocking by way of the roof, tattooed the figure of a mermaid on the forearm of the occupant, turned a frylngpan inside out, cut up, a loaf of bread into slices, carved a round of salt junk, and made the lot up into sandwiches, stripped the cat bald, and shaved the man who told us the tale. After which the lightning passed out and killed a cow, which it carefully skinned and quartered, and when last seen it was chasing a horse over the hills. We were very sceptical at first, but the hairy man showed vs the mermaid on his forearm, which, of course, left us no room for doubt. In the early days of the century we are told that soldiers sometimes wore their boots continuously until leather and flesh became one. With no opportunity for chunging foot sear the unfortunate fighter at last found himself with a new skin, and even when the soles wore down the uppers remained. An example is given in the biography of Colin Camp bell, Lord Clyde (Macmillan), who, at the age of 18, served under Sir John Moore in Bpain :—" For some time be fore reaching Coruna he had to march with bare feet, the soles of his boots being completely worn away. He had no means of replacing them, and when he got on board ship he was unable to remove them, as from constant wear and his inability to take them off the leather had adhered so closely to the flesh of the legs that he was obliged to steep them in water as hot as he could bear, and have the leather cut away In strips—a painful operation, as in the process pieces of the skin were brought away with it." The Queensland aboriginal Is learning the ways of his white brother to an extent that would appear marvellous to the ethnologist who believes that the Australian black is the lowest in the scale of humanity. Mr. Andrew Petrie tells .a story which illustrates this. Not long ago, while waiting for a train on a Brisbane railway platform, he was accosted by an aboriginal acquaintance who had at one time been a tracker, and spoke excellent English. The " nigger," who, by the way, was a fine-looking man, had a grievance ; he had not re ceived a blanket at the annual distribu tion of the Queen's bounty, and he wanteU to know the reason why. After a long argument, in which the ex-tracker earnestly and convincingly set forth the claims of his race to special considera tion from the white man, he wound up with a terrible threat. "Well," he said, "if I don't get a blanket next time the Government '11 hear about it; I'll join the Labour party." If " Table Talk" Is to be believed, Mr. Seymour Allan is still in Sydney waiting for his £1000 damages. We are told that " the bailiff remains outside Sydney •Truth' office. Whether he will ever get tired and give the job best is doubt ful. He has taken root ; hail, rafn, and sunshine could not move him, and there are indications~that he will still be found there when the Millennium comes round; unless he gives up the ghost in the mean while. The proprietor, editor, and staff, quite enjoy the fun ?*«& being hauled up through the window, and their ceaseless Jokes rankle in the breast of fh* poor bailiff to such an extent that murder is often observed in hi? eye. It appears an easy matter to obtain judgment, but a hard matter to execute it." During the Chltral campaign soldiers in the -Hying column were in a bad way through the scarcity of tobacco. The precious weed could be obtained neither for love nor money, and at last some of the men got desperate. Two at any rate determined to make a haul. They noticed that one of the field offioers smoked cigarettes in his walks about camp, so they followed him for the " fag end." "We are told that this ofllcer—an energetic one—" walked all over the camp frcm end to end closely shadowed by the two conspirators until they were tired out. Still, so badly did they want their smoke, they followed on. They saw the cigarette, which to their disgust had been relit more than once, was getting extremely short, and knew it could not last much longer, when, to their utter as tonishment, the officer, after quite extin guishing it by pinching the end between his finger and thumb, put it in his pocket. Words will not describe their feeUngs when they returned and related this in cident to their companions." «T hl old ldentlty l? usually an estab lished institution ; and in many of our colonial towns he frequently finds himself on friendly terms with the few remaining aborigines. They look upon him as one of themselves. This applies more par ticularly when the old identity is a good fellow, and when his manly charac teristics are well known. Brisbane af fords us a capital illustration. A one eyed Johnny entered Mr. Andrew. Petrie's office lately, and in a husky whisper demanded his attention. It was a monument he wanted. In tones, in which emotion was royal-blended with something stronger, the dusky mourner said that he desired to keep green the memory of his late dear depart ed spouse, Alma. "Look here, Andrew," he said, "mine thlnkit doem this way. Mine get 1m money-box with hole longa top. and scripshun liss for tousan pouns. You keepem half, glbblt me plenty too, and putem up toomstone longa Alma. My word, plenty fella gibbit me money longa toomstone !" Now this was intelligent, to gay the least. Our darkle had thought it all out, and would proceed to business in stanter. With an impressive smile at " Andrew" he announced :—" Mine get em half money. Olbblt you half and then pay rest byem month." He had fathomed the subscription list dodge to Its last wrinkle. But about a fortnight afterwards the sable widower presented himself again at the office, still a mourner-but not for Alma. That ami able fallacy had exploded ; or rather the " toomstone" plan had worked out Into something fresher and more pro mising. As a mourner on his own account, this time, he explained gloom ily that he had lost the money-box and the " scripshun liss" too ! No expla nation was offered as to the where abouts of the " scripshuns" ; but that was probably a detail hardly worth men tioning. The blackfellow who could not work the money part of the sub scription scheme would deserve skin ning. To lose money-box and list was of course vital—the machinery was gone. However— Turning his one eye upon Mr. Petrte with baleful emphasis, he ejaculated. " Look here, Andrew—mine wantem nother fella wife. White woman this time I thlnkit. Spose you and me go longa Sydney, look out new fella wife T" This last was uttered with an Insinuat ing smile which ran a mark across, his face like the first cut in a watermelon. " Andrew" was somewhat dubious in spite of the Illumination thrown upon the subject by the expansive smile, so his Interviewer continued coaxtngly :— " Tou askem wife, Andrew ; and if any fella cheekem you, mine knockemdown dreckly. Tou know mine good fella longa fist, and that help pay for toora stone. Mind you glbblt big fella toom stone with woman longa top. Y6~u fine fella, Andrew. Tou native all the same me. Tou got em sixpens, Andrew ?" The Thursday Islanders seem to Buffer so much from loose chatter that a cor respondent sends along the following re cipe to tjie " Torres Straits Pilot" :—" A certain cure for a terrible disorder of the mouth, commonly called ' Scandal,' la— Take of ' Good Nature' loz.; of a herb' called by the Indians ' Mind-your-own business ' loz.; mix this with a small de coction of ' Charity- for-others* and two or three sprigs of ' Keep-your-tongue within-your-teeth' ; simmer them to gether in a vessel called ' Circumspec tion' for a short time, and it will he ready for use. Application—The symp toms are a violent itching In the tongue and roof of the mouth, which Invariably takes place when you are in company with a species of animals called ' Gos sips.' When you feel a fit of the dis order coming on, take a teaspoonful of the mixture, hold it in your mouth, v/hich you will keep closely shut until you reach your home, repeating tha dose as it may be required." The Cairns " Morning Post" seems to have been caught on the raw by the Chinese Opera Company. This Is the way one. of the staff lets fly :—" Hark at the wretches ! Listen to them ! We live within a hundred yards of the Cairns Divisional Board Hall,' now occupied by the Ah Fat Chinese Opera Company. For the past two weeks this wretched lot of ghoulish Asiatics have been playing a ' Short Season,' and one greasy-looking tragedian this morning shivered our sen sitiveness by blandly remarking ' Cairnsey welly nicey placey. Plenty Chineeman, plenty money. Opla stay flor week more.' Four weeks more ! Before the expiration of that time we shall have sought our last little 'ome in the peaceful seclusion of the cemetery. Such is the conclusion reluctantly, forced upon us, f6r no mortal could sustain life for six weeks within 100 yards of a Chinese opera." Then the writer explains. He evidently suffered the torments of the lost for a season : —" The hour is 11 o'clock on Tues day night. We have just dropped our weary pyjama-clad legs over the side of the bed, turned up the light, and let out a volley of curses that for pure un adulterated lumplnesa would be hard to beat in any part of this wicked world.' We have vainly tried for the past two hours to go to sleep—but no, John China man has ruled otherwise. Ye gods, listen to the row ! All the devils in hell -'on the Job' simultaneously could not produce a more diabolical combination of sounds. And that's the sort of thing the people within a quarter of a mile of the hall have had to writhe under for the past two weeks, with every prospect of another four weeks* agony. There they go. Oh, that lovely orchestra ! Five minutes amongst that lot with a decently weighted stick would be cheap at a fiver." The residents of Adelaide have re cently been treated to a little excite ment with a bolting butcher's van, and the list of curious escapes is thereby lengthened. The "S. A. Register" says that the horse attached to this cart carried his cargo of meat " pleni Bed"— full butt—towards the river. "On reaching the Eighth-avenue the animal attempted to turn the corner, but the impetus gained was so great that the cart swung on to the fence, laid it flat, and horse, cart, and meat turned a somersault down the embankment. The horse was landed on top of a tobacco* tree, and the cart continued its course down to the river. Strange to say, not withstanding that the fall was about 25ft., the horse was unhurt, beyond a few scratches, and the only damage done to the cart was the breaking of one rome-board and a meat-tray. To give an idea of the wonderful escape the horse had, it may be added that It was impossible to get horse or cart up the same way that they went down on account of the steepness of the embank ment" In Melbourne last week Mark Twain was entertained by the Torick Club. In the course of his speech, as reported by the " Australasian," he said :—" There is one fact he brought out happily whloh stupid people who speak English lan guage all over this world are prone to overlook or to ignore, and that is—let us chaff and jaw and criticise one another as we please, when all is said and done, the Americans and the English, and their great outflow in Canada and Australia, are all one. (Loud cheers.) Tou have not stayed at home all your lives, and you know that Bentiment which I have felt so many times. I have been around a good deal here and there in the world, and there is one thing that I have always noticed, and which you must have noticed under similar circumstances. Let one of us be far away from his own country—be it Australia, or England, or America, or Canada—and let him see either the English flag or the American flag, and I defy him not to be stirred by it. (Cheers.) Oh yes! blood is thicker than water, and we are all re lated. If we do jaw and bawl at each other now and again, that Is no matter at all. (Laughter.) We do belong to gether, and we are parts of a great whole —the greatest whole this world has ever seen—a whole that, some day, will spread over this world, and, I hope, annihilate and abolish all other communities. (Loud cheers and laughter.) It will be ' the survival of the fittest.' The English is the greatest race that ever was, and will prove Itself so before it gets done— and I would like to be there to see it. (Laughter.)" Dr. Morrison's book, "An Australian In China," is a mine of good things. We have already given extracts from It, but here Is another which shows what the doctor thinks of the Chinese. He has a decidedly friendly feeling for John, but he holds that there is no room for the Celestial in Australia. He says em phatically :—" We cannot compete with Chinese ; we cannot intermix or marry with them ; they are aliens in language, thought, and customs ; they are working animals of low grade but great vitality. The Chinese is temperate, frugal, hard working, and law-evading, if not law abiding—we all acknowledge that. He can outwork an Englishman, and starve him out of the country—no one can deny that." • We knew all that before, but Dr. Morrison is speaking: of the Chinamen, who do not know. The John of our acquaintance Is rarely a good sample. He cames from the flotsam and jetsam of the Empire, not from its best stock. Of the true Celestial the doctor says :— " To compete successfully with a China man, the artisan or labourer of our own flesh and blood would require to be degraded Into a mere mechanical beast of labour, unable to support wife or family, toiling seven days in the week, with no amusements, enjoyments, or comforts of any kind, no Interest In the country, contributing no share to wards the expense of government, liv ing on food that he would now reject with loathing, crowded with his fellows ten or fifteen In a room that he would not now live in alone, except with re pugnance. Admitted freely into Aus tralia, the Chinese would starve out the Englishman; In accordance with the' law of currency—that of•• two curren cies in a country the baser will always supplant the better." " Insomnia" writes to " Modern So ciety" :—•• I have employed one of those dreaded watches of the night that come to most of us at. times by arranging the Jist of members of the new Cabinet on a plan which, though certainly not origi nal, is still fairly novel. The task being done, Joy (i.e., sleep) came with' the morn ing :— Lord Asbboar N c Bir M. Hicks B Bach Mr. W alter Long Lord Balfonr of B urleigh Lord Oeo B ge Hamilton Mr. G O sohen Lord Cr O m Sir H«nfj JiMm Lord Hal S bury Mr. Aker 8 Dooglai LordLandsdo Woe Mr. BitchiE Duke of D E tonibire Mr. Jose P b Chamberlain Lord 0 adogan Mr. Ba L foot Sir M. W. Ridl E * Lord S A Uibory . Mr. Ghapli N. This story has been told already, but not by.Mark Twain himself. He said to a " Melbourne Herald" intervielwer :— " W. T. Stead, who is Interested in palm istry, asked me to have my hands photo graphed. Well, I did, and Mr. Stead, without telling any one whose hands, they were, had them submitted to four people, who professed to be experts.. These four furnished reports about my hands. Three of them were of no con sequence whatever. They were right out of it. But the fourth one made a remark that made me think deeply. She said, ' The owner of those hands has no sense of humour !' Well, you know, this made me wonder whether I-haven't been deceiving the public for the last thirty years or so ; and, worse still, deceiving myself ! It Is things like this that make a serious man muse." An enthusiastic speaker at the Hackay conference of cane asked :—" What will future generations think of us, when they have water laid on frdm artesian bores or wells and dams or reservoirs, for not having the Intelligence tb do. likewise ? We have the only sure and safe way of cultivation at hand, granted by an ajl-wise Providence; the sun over head to give heat, and the water under foot to give moisture as required. Were it reversed ; were the sun under our feet and the water over our head coming down unremittingly every twelve hours, then indeed there would be an excuse for our ignorance of agriculture. But we have all the material that an intel ligent community requires to make the earth a Garden of Eden, bringing, forth food and raiment in plenty fos.tfae,atarv ln« millions." -•„..•?< A good idea is obtained from the pro* ceedlngs of this conference of -some of the difficulties planters have to contend with in hiring Kanakas. One farmer said that " he was the unfortunate intro ducer of many islanders who are sup posed to be medically examined, but among whom we get many sickly islanders foisted on us. These boys have been examined by the health officer in Southern ports. Among others, he said, received from the' South, as a new arrival from the Islands, a boy with half a foot, another with a contracted hand, neither of whom are labourers, but since they are here he must keep them. By the same ship that brought these boys was a boy suffering from a disease that should have precluded his arrival here, and from which he was com pletely useless, for six months before he was cured." This planter seems to - have passed through a bad patch of Kanakadom. The Mackay " Chronicle" says :—" Another boy, with an abscess on his back, has been in his (Mr. Paget's) employ for eighteen months, who, as Professor Shelton says, 'Turn up with unfailing regularity for his salary.' He (the speaker) cannot get rid of him as he is incurable. He has been taken to the hospital, but all to no purpose. We evidently must keep him here for the term of his natural life, and he (the boy) has told Mr. Paget he came here to be doctored, 'Me savee this fellow lump no good—me go long Queensland plantation look out doctor.'" The "Thunderer" of British jo.urnal- Ism considers that the comments of the Indian Press on the Chltral honours dis pensed to the native troops merit at tention. Of the acts of daring and of the even more splendid examples of endurance by which those honours were won it is difficult to read without a thrill of admiration. One Sepoy who received the Order of Merit has had no fewer than thirty-one wounds, " pro bably," says the " Indian Daily News," " a record number." Another, shot In the defile where Ross's party was cut up, quietly felt out the bullet in his body, and with both hands forced it, careless of the agony, to the surface. When at last he could get it between his fingers he pulled it out, and then, streaming with blood, he shouldered his rifle again, and did a march of twenty one miles. 