TURF TOPICS. THE FLEMINGTON CARNITAL. Racing at Moorefleld. SELECTIONS FOR V.U.C. EVENT.'. Randwick l'robabllitles Nest Satnrdny. (Bt ' UMPIRE.') Local racing was not much affoctod on Saturday by the absence of sporting men in Molbourne, and tho assemblage of people at Moorenold was quite satisfactory to the proprietor of the Boaside course overlooking Botany Bay. Cricket match and Floming ton racing tolegrams from Melbourne were posted on the notice board, but there was a little impationce at their not being to hand; is promptly as might have boon poBsiblo. However, backers got news of tho New-, market in timo onough, and when it came it was a staggerer, for Laundress waB a 60 to 1 chance, and practically unbacked in Sydney. Tho downfall of Tho Harvester waa another blow, but bookmakers were correspondingly satisfied with the turn avonts were taking. Results at Moorefiold were equally satisfactory to the pencilling brigade, for thero Bhould have been a balance of profit on the day's transactions. Although tho sun was hot, a cool breoze made tho afternoon pleasant, and the racing was decidedly interesting. ? ? - ? Juvenilo was picked out when tho weightB appearod as having a first-rate chance in the Tramway Handicap, and ho wou right onough, although suffered to go out at 7 to 1, whilst Bethel and Marie May monopo lised nearly all tho betting. Juvenile is rathor smart, and with 31b added to his handicap weight and the ser vices of Moran, won all the way. Mitro's form was disappointing, but he is an uncortain customer, and Bethel ran off at tho home turn when. hor chanco looked fair. The hurdle-racer Waratah added another flat raco to hiB list by winning the Welter Handicap from Sir Charles and Hose Stella. Sir Charles ' waa , again favorite, and although ho ran prominently throughout, failed to finish with Waratah, and Buffered a head defeat. Cadet's chance was ruinod by his being driven on to the rails on two occasions, and it would certainly ho more satisfactory if the stewards made a point of thoroughly sifting occurrences of this sort. The wrangling and bumping which goes on bo frequently.will not bo Rtoppod, until thoso in authority take notice of it, and come down lfeavily on offender!/: '''The 'protection of othor riders and the safety of a whole field is of more importance than the dis couifituro by disqualification of jockeys who rido foul and glory in it, and if stewards would lay themselves out for thoroughly sifting this abuBe, their work would be valuable. ''It is no use waiting fora complaint; jockeys won't complain. If they do any thing, it is generally in tho direction of taking summary action in the way of assault and battory on tho offenders, or in' waiting for a chanco to pay off the score in the samoway as it was incurred, which is equally objectionable: Harris weighed in after the melee with one of his boot-tops torn- nearly 'off by contact with tho rails, There is an opening here for action by our stewards, and- 1 hope thoy don't wait for a serious fatality before looking into the foul or reckless riding question. ; . ? ? . ? On form the Kogarah Stakes looked a fair thing for Crystalline, and tho mare won comfortably from another South Coast representative in Excolleuco, with Trillo close up. The latter is on the improve. The Bandwick-trainod Violet was in great demand for tho Moorefield Handicap, but she only got third in a very good finish, of which Glondpnnon got tho hotter by a neck from Pharamond. Lustre finished close up, affor making most of tho running, which may account for hor not Btaying the journey ouc better. Euroka, looking well; wkb a runner, but the field was not particularly strong. Ulendonnon in suited by distance, and improved on- his effort in tho first raco of tho day, when he finished third. Tho Selling Kaco endod in Tho Markeo beating ? Incigna, Waltier, and EucalyptuB, though he only won by a head. Eucalyptus wa3 crowded ou the rails at the turn, arid intorfored with. Mr. Joe Abrahams declines to own Tho Markeo any longor, and announced that he bad nothing to do with it when Joo Cook bought the goldlng at .£31. Backers were quito astray in calculating the chances of tbo Stewards' Milo. Violet was inado favorito at 3 to 1, with Clivo, Waratah, and Bethel next in roquoet, but Oddfellow II., taking charge at the six furlongs, led the rost of the way, and won ratheroasily. It waa hiB second run for tho day, and, liko Glondon non, ho improved on his first effort by win ning. Bethol ran forward nil the way, and Trillo performed rospectably, but Clivo, running wide on the outside, didn't show any of the dash that characterised his lino performance at RoBohill, whon he downed a good field. Tho only item which engagod theattention of the stowarda during tha day waa an investigation of C. Parker's riding of Violet in tho principal event, bat. thoy woro satisfied with what thoy heard about it. Tho mooting was capably man aged by Mr. Jolly and hiB usual staff. ? ? ? ? Two days oxporionco of racing at Flumlngton has givon backers especially something to reflect upon. In a sprint raco liko tho Newmarket, with five and thirty starters, it is often the unexpected which happons, but the victory of a CO to 1 outeidor Is a serious aspersion on the judg ment of tho punting fraternity, by the in vestmonta of whom the rate of odds are practically regulated. Many good judges gave Laundress a chance whon the weights were first issued, hut in looking for somo ondorsdment of tiiat conclusion in training track work or public form in the interim, they havB been unable to find it to their B»tl»f notion. Readein of the Befbrbk have bean advised of the merits of Laun dress, hownrer, all along, for it will be recollsot«d that on the first appcaranco of tha'Newmarket Handicap weights a review appeared In this column, in which ton horaoa wore plckod out againat the large Hold, Laun dross nnd Vnnitiu among them. Th* winning performance? of L&undrtss; wer« alio quoted, and our M«lbourno cor' respondent also informed his readers that tho mare would bo very dangerous in the narno isBUO (January 23), aud stuck to his opinion to the last. LaBt wook I soloctnd Lanndreas to got a plucu, and thoroforo do not join in the gonoral astonishment at her victory. In tlni Standish Handicap, wou by Fortunatus, this maro gavoan oxhibition of hor pace which attracted tho notice of a good many people, who marked her down i as a likely Newmarket winner. Hortrainor (Carmody ) has let the touts sue vory. little of her galloping abilities, gonorally sending hor along boforo clear daylight at Caulfiold, and her gallop in tho Oakleigh Plate, won ? by Whakawatea, whb prohably just about what she' wanted to mako hor chorry rlpo for tho Newmarket. Sho is by tho Mel bourne Cup winner, Shoot Anohor, and was bought as a youngfiter for 7gs. Carmody trained Glenloth when he won the Cup as an outsider in heavy going, and' seems to bring'olt' his successes, unattended' by tho public support. ?? \ \ ..\ '. «. In picking- out .Cromo d'Or to' give Challonger ail oven' battle, and in saying, ' I Bliall iiot'put tho Sires' Froduco Stakes past his- capacity,' I '.was forturiato in; hitting tho mark; but it lievor.occurred to mo that Mr. M'Swoonoy's gelding would begin by opposing my selection, Waterfall, for tlio Hopeful, Stakes and then success fully oppose' Cliallongor. Tom Payton'B luck in .getting rid of Crome d'Or at tho wrong time must bo vory galling to that painstaking trainer, hut.no doubt Kelso is entitled to a!doal of erodit, first for adviB ing Mr.- M'Swoeney to purchase, and than for keopiug the gelding in Buch capital trim. aB.He evidontly is in. Cromo d'Or was an erratic youngster, and cost lm former owner and others a nice round sum' before he.was hustled out of Payton'B 'stable as an unmanageable brute. -It is jokingly said that Mr.- William Kolso has a knack of ' whispering' varmint or cranky '. horses, but it is a noteworthy fact that when ho 'buys, a' horse ho soon gpts a race or two out of it. ' Mr. Oxonham's colt Waterfall, by Ningara from Little AVanzor, and therefore half-sister to The Gift, has now been made to pay a high penalty for his defeat of Creme ;d'Or;; and waa given 9st 91b to carry, in. the Junior Handicap in conso quonco. ? Mr.Dakiii'thuB ; estimates him at within 71b of Challenger, anU reckoned there was 131b between the latter and Mr. M'Sweoney's gelding. When tho two year-olds are niusterod at Raiidwick I do not despair of finding something to make tho V.R.C. ? Meeting performers . shift along. ' '' . : ', . ' \ . ' ! ?'. ? ??? ? ' ? - ?' .* . :???? '.??? Tho Harvester's (showing disappointed most people', and the privatoly^trained PieBton.gavo.a first-clas3 exhibition of his 'jiowors as a racehorse in winning the St. Loger in record time. He is by that suc ceasful !sire !Kobiiison CruBpo, from Blue Eyes, by Savanaka from Blonde, by Praetor from Bruuotto, by . Conrad (imp.) from Thyra, by -Lucifor (Imp.) from Swortha (imp.), by Flying Dutchman from Patience. Tho Messrs. Millor liavo scored' decisively, and desorve their succosh; but Mr. S. G. Cook must feol u ltttlo dis-. satisfied with himself for not accepting tho JB4000 which it is reported wan offerod to him privately for The; Yeoman's half brother by Sheot Anchor.1 Preston's timo, 3min 13Jsoc, was tho boat yet mado in tho race, the' former- record; being held by Abercorn at 3miri ?lG}soo, on whioh occa aion he defeated The Australian Poor. ? ? ' : ? ? Bessie Macarthy started a firm favorito for the Newmarket, iv natural consequence of hor high-class performance in tho Select Stakes: at Caulfic-ld, and no doubt would liavo prevailed' if another furlong or. so had beentackud on to the journoy. Vanitas ran well for Now South WaloB, and Mr. Sam Fielder had bad luck to run' two seconds for races liko the Oakleigh Phito and tho . Nowmarket, going under to Whakawatea and LaundreBs on tho re spective occasions. Tho Martiui-Honry gelding' is a smart sprinter, and may yet get to tho front in another important raco. His forin has been very consiBtontsinco he won tho Carrington Stakes. Mr. Oxen ham's colors were promiuontly carried by Solauum, and, next to winning himselt, the leviathan ponciller would no doubt' be little discomfited by tho victory of an outsider at 60 to 1. Whakawatoa's lame ness interfered with his chance, and ho evi dently did not do himself justico, but anotbor rcpresontntivo of this colony, tho galloway Mohican, ran his share .of tho race by taking a lead in the first few fur longs arid then giving way to bettor cattlo. Carnage's revival was auothor staggerer for backora, who pinned their faith to Patron, notwithstanding that. the son of Grand ^Flaneur was hardly at his best. Donation ran woll in this raco, but Carnage's wrotchod showing at Caulilold was no encouragement for auy.ono'to stand him. Tho St. Al bans stablo horses have been puzzling tho public a good deal one way and* another. After the impression got current .that Bradford was the host representative, a commission in favor of Havoc .put a now complexion on. affairs, but neither wou. With Steadfast the colors woro more successful, that long expected half-brother to Lochiel winning the Brunswick Stakes rathor. easily. Volney was favorite, but appears to have injured himself whilst galloping in tho race, for ho was unable to finish near his horses. Mr. M'Swoeuoy did well, howovoi', in winning tho Sires' Produce Stakes; which, following his buccobs with Arihi in the Maribyrnong Plato, shows that ho bids fair to be about occasionally with a good one. His trainer, Mr. W. Kelso, also bcoios his Bocond classic victory, and throatans to bo as dangorous in tho leading ovoutB as ho has been for some timo prominent in pick ing up handicaps. It is worthy of noto that moat of tbo winners at Caulfield were sired by imported horses. Challenger is by EiridHpord, Mr. \V. R. Wilson's Isonomy horso ; Bussio Macarthy, represents the Irish-bred Ingo niat, Barbarian being by the same sire ; and Whakawntea .added to Apromout's. record. PickloB* sire, Invormay, is a Colonial-bred horso by The Drummer, whilst Sternchasor iB a son of Nordtmfeidt. Oil Saturday Aus tralian Biros scored. Steadfast and Carnage representing Nordenfoldt. Mr. Uordorn's stallion has not done so well with bis stock of lato years, his transfor from New Zealand to this qolony having had, apparently, no good effect. Watorfall iR by Niagara, Preston by Robinson Crusoe, Laundress by' Sheet Anohor, and Cr'emo d'Or by, Marvellous, tho latter being tho only imported airo to be credited with a winner last Saturday. ' . ? ? ? ' [Br Wirk.1 (took oub own cobrkspont.) Melbourne, Tuosday Night. The V.R.C. Autumn Moetine was con tinued to-day under rather unfavorable auspices as regards tho weather, a galo of wind blowing all day long, bringing up clouds of duat. The attendance was vory disappointing, probably one of tho smallest aeon nt Flnmington at an important meet ing. There were only two runnera for tho Maiden Plate, but thoy provldod a good race, Maroon, tho favorite, only getting home by rrnack.' The general opinion wan that Maroon won ensily, but ho appenrnd to mo to liavo all' his work cut out to win, imd ha more than once tried to shirk it. Challenger provod what a good colt ho is by carrying the heavy impost of Dst.iilb aud winning tho Ascot Val'o Stakos uasily, the high-priced Onward, full-brother to Consequence and Moorito, running second. 'Cromo d'Or shaport badly on this occasion, and Kallara, the- Normanby, Slakes winner, run abBolutely last. Tho Hurdle Race went to Associate, who was formerly trainod by W. Yeomans in tho Wagga district, but is now an in mate of ,f. E. Brewer's stablo at Caulfiold. As sociate wivb last most of tho way, but he came with a ^ood run in thn concluding half-mile, arid won rather comfortably at tho finish from that smart maro Noli. Bischoff was well backed, but ho agnin ran disappointingly, and he is evidently not as Kood as ho looks. Whalobono foil in tho Hat leaving- tho atraight, but Ferguson luckily .escaped, injury, though lio had a narrow eacapo of being kicked by As jociato. ';?;.''.':'.? V ?;i';) '.?.?.;.-l''!..'v.V---i.': ' ' The field for thejAustralian .Cup com-, pi-iBod fourteen runners,7 and- bo heavily. wiia,HayOc'.backod'at the ?last^mom'enf that, lid wont'oiit.aiitroiig favorite atli to 1, Preston going^ biic'k to 0 to 1, at which price 'Donatiftn! w|i.r'was backed tb_ win. a big stako, also figured. Idolator also mado ii forward move, being well supported at 8 to 1, and a- fow atuck to Tho tfarvesW, who was at 10. ,?&''!. Thoro were , -a numbor of changes in the race, first ono and then the other'' leading; but 'Donation made an injudicious run at the abattoirs, arid at tbo home turn lie was under the whip. He ovon then Unishod second, his fine condition enabling him to last out tho race. If over there was aone'horso race, however, it was thiB year's Australian Cup. . Havoc simply played with his field after entering the straight, and eventually won, hard held, by a couple of lengths. He was only cantering tho last furlong, while all tho others were hard at it. That he is a racehorse of the first water 'there can be no manner of doubt. But ho bus always been a hard horse to train, as was also his three-quartor brother, Trenton, - and his full-brother, Zaliriski. Mr. 'Wilson gave something liko 220OgB for him as a yearling, and fora long timo it looked as if he had made a bad purchase, but ho won a good raco'with him at 'the V.R.C. .Spring, Meoting, and landed a fine stako in bets over the Aus tralian Cup. People thought, after Carnage's fine form on Saturday, that Mr.' Wilson had mado a mistake in scratching him for the; Australian Cup; but, as the sequel proved, he knew what lie waa about all right. ' The St. Albaha team this season is very strong, and Mr. Wilson willprobably capture a few more races in tho near future. Doriation might liavo' ni ode a better fight of it if liettoV 'ri'ddoiii but under any cir cumstances bad not the ghost of ' a chanco of dofoating Havoc. Tho Harvester caused a Btirpriso by running so proriii nontly. Ho was ridden a peculiar raco, for six; furlongs from homo ho was abso lutely last, and in tho end ho was going well' within himself, - Thoro can bo no doubt: that thn St. Lngor- running -was all wrong, and The Harvostor' is no doubt uoarly as good as his' admirers have all along thought. Porhaps ho may show bettor form iu tho Champion on Thurs day. Preston, after' looking. dangerous, at tho tuni'dicd awayTTjiiV Idolator' ran' well, and bo did Straightfiro.- Stornchoser was ono of tlio disappointments of tho raco, and he was ovidently short of work. Tho Junior Handicap was anothor runaway victory ; tho smart Dunlop colt, Ayrshire, loading all tho way, and winning hard held. Ho is trained at Mordialloc by the vetoran; B. Howie. Tlio St. Albans s'tablo ran second with Slumber, a full sister to Dreamland. Tho Bourko Handicap pro vided a grand race, four of them in a lino a. hundred yards from homo, but .Eirids fordo eventually forged ahead, and won by a length from tho unlucky Tullamore, Solatium, who was woll backod by Mr. Oxonham, running third. ' ? ? ? * Mr. W. R. Wilson muBthavo boon highly pleased with tho day's proceedings, as in addition to winning two races himsolf, two other winners, Maroon and Eiridsfordo, are by St. Albans sires. - , ? ? ? Tlio boolcs had a vory. bad day, fivo first favorites winning, while Eiridsfordo was also well backed. Thoy are likely to ro mambor Havoc's Australian Cup day as long as backers rombmber Laundress' Now market Handicap day. ? ? ? Tho racing in Adelaide this Autumn should provo intorosting, and it ia oyidont from tho'publishod programme of ovonts to be run on' May 4, 8, and 11, that the A.R.C., is adopting a progressive policy. Tho chiof handicap events to. bo run at Morphottville aro tho Goodwood Handicap and tho Adolaklo Cup, tho former having. '100 sovs added money, aud tho latter 1000 sovs. Perhaps a few New South Wales horsos will bo found in tho entries, which will close on tho 11th instant; ? ? * The Rosohill Club received a satisfac tory rosponso from local .owners on Monday for tho, lloBohill, Stakes and Cup, to bo run on the 21st and 23rd irislant, and tho two days' meeting looks like, proving an at tractive fixture. . It is a sign of the healthy tono of 'racing in this colony whon ono of our proprietary olubs-sces fit to launch a 2S0 8OVS stake for its. principal raco, and a good meeting looks liko au assured result already. ? ? ? Both tho V.R;C.and the V.A.T.C. olubs aro determined to do honor to thn retiring Victorian Governor, Lord . Hopetaun, and will hold a racn meeting each at Flomiug ton and Caulfiold as a compliment to him prior to his roturn to England. On tho 10th inst. tho Caulfield programme will b« run, at whioh the principal events will bo the Federal Stakos and the Hopotoun Handicap, 400 bovb. At Flomington, the Hopotoun Cupof COObovs. and the Coun tess of Uopetoun Bracelet Stakes are tho special items, and no doubt sporting folks in tho southern colony will appear in force to give both meetings a reprosentativo character. ? ? ? Successful rosultn attendod tho Ler derdurg Bale on Friday last. Buyer? from tho Sydnoy aide took a decided lead in bidding for the most valuable of tho inaros, aud as n. result several of Mr. Wallace's dames will bo transferred to Now South Wales studs. Mr. Harry Dawaon was buy ing freely, but of tho destination of, hin lot I am not at present aware. Mr. H. C. Whito's Htud at Havilah is to havo addi tions in the woll-brod mare Clare, by Richmond from Lady Wilton, Loyal I'oereas, and the Apromont maro Sierra, and Mr. H. L. M'Kellar waB buying for the Kirkham stud, Rotting tho St. Albans mare Marchoaa and a Cnrbino colt, and thn Apre mont mare Ravenswing, whilst the Messrs. Ealeu secured Cartridge's dam, St. Odille. Othor New South Wales buyers woro Mosnra. J. Mitcholl, John Lee, M. H. Devlin, J. Leeds, and Mark Thompson. Tbo young stock sold vory wall. Mr. Justin M'Sweonoy haa also boon buying, and secured a promising brothor to Port«ea, ns well as nevoral other good onca, The ial« of tbo L«rderrlor(r ktud rocalls other clearances of tho same kind, tha most notable being that of thn Maribyr nong stud eighteen yearn ago, when high»r prices wore realised, total .£64,000, whilst) tho Lerderderg .total waB but .£25,000, in cluding tho JJ1 3,650 paid for Carbine Tha Hobartvillo clearance should run into big figures, and no doubt other studs will bo much strengthened by the transfer of the woll-bred mares sold.- Particulars of tha Molbourne salos aro given in another . column. ., ? ? ? i That handicappers, like doctors, very often differ, is illustrated in tbe different manner that Mr. Scurr treats many of tbe horses that have come under his notice in tho races to bo run at Randwick next Saturday. Notablo inatances are the im posts ou Bogina and Clinker, and in tha framing of tho High-woight Handicap all through it. Tho meeting next Saturday is liknly to bo a successful one, as tha patronagoof thd public to local racing ii not falling off lately, and a visit -to head quarters will not bo out of-. place.- Tha.' events may work out Bomewhat as fol lows : — HURDLE RACE: ' CADET ? -'? ... 1 . Wabatah ? ? ? 2 ? Oqbk ... ... ??',..? ?'?' ... : ... , 3 TOCAL STAKES,': LITTLE AGNES or ALL' THERE 1 Auuea... ... ? ... 2 MlTBB... ... ... .... ... 3 JUVENILE STAKES : BOB BAY or FORT ... ... ; 1 Patrona ... ... ... ... 2 ; * Locn Katrine ... ... ,...- 3 HIGH-WEIOHT WELTER : THE ABBOTT or HOPSCOTCH 1 , Ebony ? 2 Clinier ? ... ?' ... ,8 LAWN STAKES : ;j TRIDENTATE ? ... 1 ? PlIARAMOND ... ' ... ... ... 2 FLoitsiKor Patroness ? 8 ? ? ? ? Handicaps are not out yet for Than-' day's racing at, Flemington, but the fol lowing may not be put of placo for the events named :— CHAMPION STAKES : HAVOC . ... ? '... 1 ? The Harvester ? 2 Patron ... ... ... ... 8 '??;-'?' ALL-AGED STAKES : '; WALLACE ... ??' ... ?... ... 1 FORTUNATUS ? 2 ; Hova ... ... . ?„. .... ?;???„: -:8: steeplechase : courtier ? 1 Masine ... ? ..;;... . '..; '2 The Indian ? 3 LOCH PLATE i , HAVOO ? 1 Patron ? 2 Carnaoe ...,,.....'. ... 8 