Mistaken for a Ghost Henry Grant has not been heard from rbf? two weeks. Hero's his last letter. Go anfl * look him xvp, and the money he had -with, him.' It was the longest speech I had ever heard old Pai'k make. I knew what it meant. I was to disappear immediately. Henry Grant was the travelling collector of tho firm. His last letter was written nn ^ fourth day of the month, and dated from Hiramsburg. So it came to pass that I was suddenly changed from an entry clerk into an amateur detective. I reached Hiramsburg at 12 o'clock, just in. time to partake of the dinner of a third- class country hotel. In the five-minutes' recess between order- ; ing my dinner and getting it I contented my self with producing Grant's letter and study ing the postmark. But presently I throw down the letter. I had not at first noticed the sharp featured young man who had seated himself beside me. Perhaps I never should, in a selfabstrac tion, have , remembered him if I had not cha'need, as I lifted to my lips my cup of ? coffee, to look over the rim thereof at him at a peculiarly interesting moment. The last letter of the absconding Grant lay ? between us, and as I first caught the young ' man's movements, his eyes were fastened.' fixedly upon it; then he quickly shot an iii- ? quiring look toward me, but, though I had not been a detective before, I was blankly staring at the wall now. I finished my dinner, but still I somehow felt that this was a good place for a detective to be ; I wanted to see more of the- young man ; perhaps to be favoured' with tho sound of his voice Rising in. an abstracted way from the table, I suddenly turned, in a hesitating, absent minded way,, and stammered, sotto voice :? ' I have almost forgotten whether you or I \ have left this letter here.' 'Never saw it before inmy life !' beejacu lated, as if the words bad so long been.ready in his mouth that they had got stuck to gether, i ' Then,' says- I, as graciouslyas I could, : 'you're not in the post-office nere ?' . ' Well, suppose I am ?' he nervously an swered. ' I wasn't there that day.' ' ; 'What day?' ' Tbe day postmarked on the letter,' he stammered. ' 0, yes ; I see !' was my mysterious utter ance as I left the room. )i % The hotel clerk, remembered young Granr*s|f--£ very well, and the register showed that he had started on the morning of tbe 5th for Lanton,. ; a small town seven miles to the east. I determined to ride to Lanton at once, but was delayed at the livery stable by the talk ing abilities of tbe proprietor, who not only was moved to tell me all his own history, but also tbe pedigrees of bis horses. ' But I've ordered Sam to saddle you the ? best roadster in the lot, except, always except, Dave's black.' ' Dave must himself belong to tbe blooded- ? stock of your town?' I ventured, as I noticed the old man bad already alluded to him.' ' Well, Dave's bright, but he's only a post office clerk, and hasn't bad the black more than ten days ; but Sam will treat you right, . and I must go off to dinner.' Sam did, and I rode thoughtfully on toward Lanton ; so thoughtfully that I didn't notice the black clouds forming until peals of thun der sharply crashed above the tree tops. Seeking to wrap my cloak still more tightly about me I bad suffered the reins to fall on tbe horse's neck, and trusted to his I instincts and knowledge to keep the road. H Suddenly I noticed from the narrowness of n the road that we must have quit the main H path, and tbe next moment I was halted be- H fore a delapidated hovel. n Leading the horse to a sbed in tbe rear I H unceremoniously entered the portals of the, Hj deserted bouse and looked about me. B The only inviting object in all the bareness ? H was a ladder which looked as if it migbi; lead B to some otber place. H Speedily climbing it and pushing upon a B trap door I found myself in an attic,- in one H corner of which was a straw mattress, and 0 lying thereon a cloak and bat. 9 I threw my own rain-soaked cloak and hat H away and ingratiated myself into the dry B ones. . H As E stepped to tbe window to read the ? H eaden: clouds, I was wondering if tho post-- H ffice olerk, who was away on the 5th and ? ? bought a fine lioi'se so6n afterward, and might B have opened Grant's. letter, but didn't want to be suspected of over having seen it, could have -the wicked nerve to waylay Henry Griint in this- very bouse. But before I bad.-.proceeded further with it the- door of the lower room was burst opon, and ;a» gruff voice was cursing the stupidly of. tbe ostler in giving tbe black borse to a tramp - and 'leaving tho sorrel for him. 'So that youngster is upon my trail, and suspects me, perhaps', of having opened Grant's letter ! Let him suspect !?: If I once sink tbe hat andlcloak the- scent of tbe blood- B bound can't overtake me !.'-. . I ; Then I heard apair of heavy boots scrambling ? ''up- the gladder, . and instinctively:! feltfor my ? revolvei1. . H In that moment' of dire need', I recollected. ? that my only weapon was left in my clonk at ? tbe otber endiof the room. ? But before I could take a stap a strong arm. ? pushed back, tbe trap, door, and the eyes of B tbe young clerk were staring.- at me.. I Tbe bat, which was much too lai'ge for me, ? fell over my forehead, until it almost hid my ? upper features, while the riding cloak coveied ? my entire figure, but-I instinctively felt, as tiros ? I stood, statutc-liko, that tlie staring eyes were ? seeing, little of mo'.. ? . ? But tbeface lost its last trace of vitality, H the bulging eyes closed,, the lips gasped, ' 0,. ? beaven.it's hinv!' and before I could dasli ? away my- lethargy the form o£ Dave Bennett ? sank lifeless from, sight, and the heavy trap ? door closed baek with a dull clang. Ho was ? dead when I reached him. H I found tbo name of ' Henry Grant ' upon H the- inside of the collar of the cloak, and I B knew that bis supposed ghost had avenged his ^ M fbnl murder. ? H MAITLA.ND: Printed and published by Thomas H William Tucker, John Thompson, ana h Christopher Eipprr, ab bhe Maillawl Mercury M Gonwnl Printing O«lor-. cohv.t of Hijjh 'Q« B Hunter utrGOts. H 