? DR. BEVAN has ceased speaking of Paradise as "thetieltor land." EVIDENTLY Tariff Reform is a thing "' Age cannot wither nor 'customs' stale." CHURCH - STREET, Richmond, is a veritable "butchers' row." In one block close on thirty doctors and dentists reside. AXLES have been the main subject of discussion in the House recently, and the moderates have triumphed again. Their motto is to be either " I axel" or " Axel-sior." THE Hon. Thos. Brunton's large flour mill in Spencer-street has at last found a tenant. The new occupiers are a firm of tjbacco growers from the land of the Stars and Stripes, known as the Congress Tobacco Co. "THE exportation of pork promises to be one of Victorii'6 most profitable industries," says one of the dailies. " An industry, in short, that, may be expected to make Horsbftin the Chicago of Australia." Horsham, in short, is going to the pigs. THET found the squatter sitting on a stump in the centre of the home paddock groaning and tearing bis hair. At his feet were the tattered fragments of a Melbourne paper. " Whatever is the matter, man ?"' they asked. " Just my cursed luck " lie groaned; " just my blankety blankluck!" " How ? Why? What?" "Why, don't YOU see? Australian rabbits selling in London at a bob a piece, and we've just abolished the plague on my dashed run." ONE of our largest Melbourne millers entered into a contract with a flom agent before the rise in wheat to supply him with flour at a certain rate per ton, cash at two months. The quantities to bo delivered when required. The flour buyer is now making a very good thing out of his bargain. He is selling the flour to the miller s customers under the present market rate for cash, and is thus making things rather unpleasant for his contractor. The latter evidently realises this fact for last week he made the flour buyer an offer of .£2000 cash to be released from his engagement. THE Australian boy reads his newspaper from a very early age. He becomes acquainted, therefore in a sort of fashion, with those grave matters of politics wlnci: his elders discuss with such eagerness. Hence the following incident, which occurred in one of our State schools a day or two ago. A reading class was in progress. The word " duty " came up in the course of the lesson. " Now," said the teacher, "what is the meaning of the word duty?" Up went a grubby little hand at the back of the class. " Please, teacher, 1 know what it means !" " Well, Johnny Jones, what does it mean?" "Please, teacher, twenty-five per cent. I 'eard father say that that was the proper duty !" MEMUEES of the Royal Agricultural Society object to the presence of the President of the Trades Hall Council at their yearly luncheon, not because Mr. Bishop, of the Bottle Makers' Union, is believed to have an enormous appetite, but simply on account of a laudable desire to have no truck with Lygon-street, where the farmers' enemies most do congregate. However, King Working-Man's representative is to have an invite, but it is evident that his fare at that luncheon will consist mainly of humble pie. VETERAN George Ccppin has seen many of the varieties of this life. Actor, theatrical manager, violinist, hotel keeper, racehorse owner, mining speculator, bank director, legislative councillor are some of the positions he has filled, generally with credit, during his long association with Victoria. He is another instance of the close proximity of the church to the stage through possessing a clergyman godfather. George's father was an actor, and several of his own progeny have a bent that way. A '• SPORT." ON Friday last Judge Molesworth granted a certificate of discharge from his debts to Josiah Capes Reeve, nurseryman, of Brighton, whose estate had paid 20s. in the £. The Judge regretted that he could not make the certificate an ornamental one :— Josiah Capes Reeve, As we fondly believe, Though your nursery lot was a hard 'un, Right cut from this hour You will rank as the flower Of Judge Molesworth's peculiar garden. You are one of the sort That the folks call " a sport," And we fear there is not the least danger Of rivals or ties In your right to the prize As a charming botanical stranger. OE farthings and pence, In a musical sense, We have run the whole gamut and round, sir, And cherish the man Whose remarkable plan Is to pay twenty bob in the .£, sir. Certificate, eh ? By the Pope, sir, we say, Till such things are entirely abolished. The oue that you hold Should be lettered in gold, Be rose- scented, gilt-edged and French polished. But while waiting for this, As it can't come amiss, PIJNCH pronounces your method First-chop, sir, And exclaims with a force, That the Court will endorse, Josiah Capes Reeve, Go uptop,6ir. WHILST the Hilaria was burning a hilarious farce was enacted by the Naval Brigade. Our doughty mariners were called upon to sink the blazing ship, and promptly rose to the occasion. Guns were brought to bear and broadsides poured into the ship at short range, but the Hilaria didn't seem to mind it in the least, and after all recourse had to be made to a mosaic auger and a man of peace bored holes in her and let her down. The moral of all this is that a regiment, of carpenters, armed with brace and bit, would be more effective against an invading fleet of Chinese junks than our Naval Brigade. John Hancock should have been called in the first place. John, we think, could bore a hole in a double-plated, chilled-steel ship of war quicker than any other contrivance we had ever heard of. THB Czar's life has been attempted again. His Majesty having gone back on his promises of liberal reforms, the Nihilists are polishing up their bombs, and plotting the speedy lemoval ot Nicholas to a highersphere. Nicholas is naturally much distressed; he does not mind Mug mildly admonished, hut he hates to be blown up. No one will envy a Russian C/.ar his < utnl life. NOTHING NF.W. " There's nothing new beneath the sun !" In grief this truth we -utter. At a suburban hash-bouse grand We've boarded for a fortnight, and We're thinking of the butter. Mil. JUSTICE SiJirsos. of New South Walts has just refused a divorce to a sorrowing wife, who pleaded that her husband " abused her, and threw the Bible at her during family prayers." This is another assertion of the rights ot manparticularly his right to admonish his niie with the Scriptures. Some people are content to Hoor yoti with a text, but this gentleman pi opined to bring his wife to repentance with the whole book. We can imagine such 8. wife well supplied with bumps of veneration, all raised by too-earnest, an application of the Scripture.-,, bound in half-calf. Imaginary conversation. Visitor. — " 1 Jo you find the Bibie influence you very much in your domestic life, ma'am ?" Lady |of tiie House.— " Well, sir, I,am very much struck hy it." A VERY dapper little bagman, well known in the rag trade as representative of a leading house in the Lane, was up Ecbuoa way last week, when without his knowledge the head partner arrived in the town. Tney both resolved to return liomu by the same train,"and being pressed for time, the principal called a cab to carry him t~. the station. The commercial traveller, who was staying at another hotel, had previously engaged this cabty who was his regular man whenever he went round with his sample cases. Cabby, of course, refused the head of the firm, and duly conveyed the bagiu»n to the^station. The principal and the representative, liappe.ned to get into, the same carriage, and imjluplly expressed surprise at meeting each other. Then cabby, coming to the window to speal^ "to hie regular customer, called out: " I've put yjrar parcels and samples in the goods van, sir! Theresas'a bjnke wanted me to take him, but I knowsja'^entleinan when I sees him, so 1 stuck to you." Tji'e," blofc'e " stared at his employe, but said nothin'f. bupthe traveller, when telling the tale, thought he would have "Caved" in at the critical moment. BRUNSWICK has got a ghost, spook, or spectre— no ordinary vulgar turnip-headed hob-goblin, mind you, but a luminous banshee that careers round on a dim, phantasmal bicycle, and scares young women and old men into vigorous fits, and is quite intangible to the sceptical and irrnverend pursuer who, essaying to grapple with the dreadful visitant, grabs nothing but the clammy fog, and receives in his face a blast of sulphurous fumes that makes him wish for the moment he bad said his prayers the night before. A rhoston a bike a neiv idea, but we suppose there is advancement in spook land as well as hen 1 , and that the ghostly New Woman does an occasional 6pin. in a rational costume, on a visionary road racer, along the Meads of Asphodel, and is guyed by the vulgar spirits of defunct larrikins. Will Countess Wachtiiieister, the boss theo&ophist; now in Australia, please explain if this is thus Clunes once had a ghost in which half the town believed, and which was the means of boomiug Spiritualism to aw extraordinary extent in that town until it was caught in the act of stealing ducks and was sent to gaol for six months. Then Spiritualism relapsed again. Tin- H-'f.Ws introduction of the Linotype has it • s ,'i-imp isitors. some of whom have been n I i.<\- p:ip"r for 17 and IS year. 1 . Mi:. V. \V. MOCI.E. the n<»w V.A.T.C. secretary, . ,I WIT .jenial and most unassuming officer, nf frill.which will strengthen his popu .I,,, ,,„,,.Mno-niililic Prior to entering W,U> • V.A.T,r. oJli ^ a.; 1 -. he WH= in til surance business, Ho has a g.iod knowieii-re I eing ethics. T5 .:SI>F« UNTO CAKSAK. KTO. THK temperance party in New South Wales i slid to imcxtn'rieocin , ^ much difficulty . in finding - entlcm-n 11 sufficiently moral," and at the same time •• --ti-i.-rly teetotal " to stand as the candiat-s Of the party. 11 is rather a-nusing to note that li.o rabid cold water apostles who would not think a mail smirt enough to manage a grocery store for t-'nein, simply because he > had a good reputation as a churchgoer and never tasted sir Wij drink, are quite satisfied that such a man is .imin-ntiy fitted to run the country. We have no fear nf'beins considered irreverent in ridicnlinu sui'h cant:— Warned. please, a candidate, a man of lofty mind, W ::.•=•<; eves are goggled at the stars, whose talk i- all of heaven, Who r.iD in worldly weaknesses no spark of interest iind, Wu.:.s" thoughts are never tainted with a touch of earthly leaven. Ho must be a'honoured teacher at the Bethel Sunday School, ' a- a .->»!<•' 1 elected preacher—one who's glibly Hut iu lui-ines- matters m°relv he may be a dunce and fool. If uss-'riive a- his morals and aggressively teetotal. i'.o' we want a saintly man Nor.e by mundane mutters vexf, Hut a verbose chap who can Preach for days on any text. Aud rn!" this wicked, wicked world by thinking "f the next. lie nui-t know all Wpurgeon's sermons, and a lot ft fwukey's songs, Aud eiii-'Ugh of figures, maybe, to tot up a big rolieetion : Hut lie ue.-dn't know a word of Mill or economic of !'••.,:.• •!t eetrade. or the ethics catechism, and look pal and pensive, too; And he'll always have a verse to point, a tale, ur cap a saying ; Iiut h" il know no more of finance than New ' iuinea niggers do, And •'II seek to brighten commerce by a policy if praying. Wanted, candidates a few, WIIOHII statesmanship will flout; Who will show Ui what 11 do When depression is about, • pointing sadly skyward as the easiest way lad cyclists do not write indignant letters •rs when they are insulted by male lump; when taking a constitutional on wheels. lew people in Albert Kil'k the other day had •oof to tne contrary, and enjoyed it immensely, advanc'd woman in bifurcated garments, , , .-, ., p-dailmg a munificent machine, was sailing gaily a onu pa,! the barrack-room in the Park, when an ovvr-rown yanoo-one of three-yelled a brutal insult alter her Tne rider turned her machine, nt up to tne group, dismounted, carefail r.inded bike against the fence, t and left in the tace ,,( the harracker-good. scientific luffs, straight- from the uMer, carrying plenty of weight, and leaving ir marks behind them in the shape of a swelled e a,„l bleeding lips. Then the advanced wourtii ni'Utited her bicycle again, and scuttled aiv.iy St. Kii'ia-wards, and tbe writer envied her tiie hreeyy exhilaration she must- have felt in her DntiS'i tiie Munro-Shiels regime Sir Frederick H.u'l'--' -I. Minis.ter of l.iefeuee, Commander Collins and Jl.tj.ir-'.Jeneral Tullooh were secretly inspectneadquarters of various ; Melbourne comrno the trig •j applied at.the ho KH of awrge n'. maior for the keys of h ,cr.ll-- i , .in aoj'-'iuing. 1 ne sergeant was not a, home,- •i had ielt strict orders with his beautiful d.-iuuTiiter^a recent and valuable singing acquisition to a (.-"Main gay Co.—not to give the keys r-,. any nailers. This she informed Commander C'iiuiv "llut-you evident]}' don't know who I am. 1 ni the Secretary for Defence," said he. " I chii'l .Melp that,"she replied in herswe?testtones; ' 1 iiave my urlers." Collins trotted back to his ja'is wuij his refusal, ami he did not forget a i-ui'isv of the, girl's beautv. "Oh! damn it," . , , said me General, " she must ;g,ve_up. the key?.'' He tried his luck with similar result. Then < ',,lonel Saigood sauntered up to the door. ' Will yon L'ive me, Sir Frederick Sargood, those i.i.-ys .-" i.e said. The girl was obdurate. " I cannot diioi.' .v iny fathi-r's commands !" The three warrior- Lad to own themselves defeated, and for i ;ijl-iU nour kicked their heels on the verandah, Hb'-ii ih" 5.M. appeared, "A nice sort oi dsugnter yon have, 'said Tulloch ; "she would i: it jive u- tne keys." "Quite right; I told her , n .: to ply. Tne superior officers tried rien 1 .., but tney could not, the situation em as being too funny. They saw in: drillrooiu. A few days afterwards ni ii blue letter, andlnisjthoughts of disr>- quickly displaced when he found a jphinenti7ig hnn upon tfae condition of with a postscript in Sargood's writing : ipiner in a paragon !" Hruu HAOKNNLO' 1 H is a very clever and astic scientist, and he is • at present • r a brilliant experiment in the Old Country. He has an idea that creatures of all kinds gain their colour from tlieir surroundings Herr Hagenbloch has constructed a large cage, in which he has placed the young of many wild animals. This cheerful enclosure contains 12 lions, 1 tiger, :l bears, 3 byjrDas, 4- cheetahs and 1 do". dog. The ins herr's nerrs ™»k idea is that """ all these animals WUI grow up as a family party- ,The^ herr is sanguine, and wo do not doubt tha* he will come out all right in the long run, but he will prove nothing. He hasn't got the real vild animals in the cage. Let hiin put the editor of the Argus aud the editor of the Age. in the den, and feed them on tariff bones, and if the t„-0 anjma]6 COmeout alive we will back down an(j admit that the wildest of beasts can be tamed .... - _if they are caged. ,. Theke is a pitiable case in the Kew Lunatic A ]ua) and bo js considered to be a hopeless CR5V. ' Tfae J.lit3 ^lUUSlJ ^ lament>ablo 1»UJCI1W»U1U circumstanco VIII-U'UOI'I'UVV about ^^ . this incurable is that his malady is due to bis having spent an unnecessary penny a day. It is impossible to learn from him whether he was a regular subscriber to the JJI-JMS or to the Age, but whichever it was he was in a weak moment tempted to get at the truth, and so he took the olkcr paper—whichever it was—for a quarter. Unfortunately this occurred at the very time when the Tariff discussion came on. He read that sulphuric acid must be protected as the national drink of the country. Then an hour later he learnt that sulphuric acid was sapping the vitals of the coiony. Then he learnt that wool was all cotton, and the ^je told him that all colonial cotton was wool. His intellect tottered for a while, but when it came to candles it gave For an hour a day he wanted candles to eat. That was after he read the Age. Then he saw the A rgus, and raved like a lunatic to stab himself with a candle as the curse of the country. \- • He was arrested in a state of lunacy, and it is expected that ho will be allowed out as soon as the Tariff is passed or the nen-spaper offices closed. THERE was an amusing little incident in the Assembly on Tuesdav evening. Hamilton rounded on Hancock in good set terms, and practically told the i'VotscrsiV leviathan that he could go to Hades. It was well deserved. Since Hamilton has had the courage of his opinions on the tariff question Hancock has been going round accusing him of " ratting " on the Labour Party's programme, and hinting that his seat at Bendigo would be threatened unless he repented. ' * Outtrim, who followed Hamilton in the debate, was making some remarks about this little quarrel, when l'atterson, who was lounging on the front Opposition bench, growled something about Hancock that sounded like an expression that he "didn't care a damn "for him. The remark was only clearlv heard by Opposition uieinbers, who set up a roar of laughter. Chairman Mason rose, poised his eyeglass on his nose, and asked "Order " iu his most dignified tones. The House became at once subdued. Everyone expected to hear a grave rebuke to 1'atterson for his remark. The dropping of a pin could have been heard in the silence. But Mason was only joking. "Mr. Outtrini '" he Eaid—and the hon. member went on with his speech. THE bitler cry of the contused , passenger 0 travelling last trains, particularly on Saturday nights, to Kensington, has been heard in the land, and awakens a sympathetic chord in tbe ,]earcs ot a„ subur!)an residents, who occasionally h tho v )ty ]atesttraln outward bound, and are C11D ,leii ^jynil^toshareacarriagewithapush oMfunkl.n rou„lls;who, ,vlth the true dingo-like instinct> allrllyS o g0 ja packs when in quest of prey, It is not the pleasantest thing r in life to come into . . . a v n , hj ; to ..8touEh» a peaceable citizen who- devoted tho re'at„r part of h)6 hiis . t0 acqairing efficiency as a puncher and „ slu%.r •• i,^ in a ral]wav carriaee one i6 boxed in w^th tlic brute, aud compelled to accept his loathey attmtions, along with the obnoxious odour of him, and the disgusting language he habitually us s,ort)S ep.utof tbe running train and walk. That this latti r alternative would have been much the safest to follow in several cases has been demonstrated when the victims of thaiptiudvH "plug-uglies,"as tbeAme i,atscall tllls clasSj afttr resenting the insults of ti;e -W;),." ]iave been set upon and unmerciby VheiriIlinoro"M and altoMther htful fellow t-ravellers. 