CHAPTBE XXXIIL A STBAKGBB. I am a most poor woman, and & stranger, Born out of your dominions. — Shaeespea.be. It _ was no ghost ; only Dolores Challis leaning on her husband's arm now, and looking as blooming and bright as though there were no 6uch thing as sorrow orsuffering in thisnether world. Many eyes followed her as she went down the church. some with wouder how the curious colored costume with its dashes of bronze- green and peacock-blue could be made to suit the brunette - complexion and rippling black heir of the captain's wife ; but it was neither the beauty nor the dress that the strange woman looked at. ' It is !' she muttered ; ?? I am sure of it, and yet if the story I have beard were true, she was wotse off than I am. I most know whether I am dreaming or not ' She laid her hand suddenly on the arm of a woman who was sitting beside her, who shook it off snapishly, as short-tempered' women with suspicion of pickpockets are apt to do. The poorly-clad woman shrank bait, perfectly understanding the ges ture. * I beg your pardon, madame I' she said with a slight hauteur that did not sit badly on her ; 'I meant no harm. Will you teUi me who that is ?' There was a little delay at the door, and: the bridal party were gathering there in a, gronp. ' The bride,' the woman said. .' Oh, yes. she's, or rather she was, for she's my Lady Allardyqe now, Miss Lucy ChsJlis, a sweet young lady. , Fve known her ever since she was the height of tiie table, bless. '- No, no, I don't mean the bride. Tha* lady— this one looking this way on that dark gentleman's arm. Who is she 7' ' That one ? Ob, that is Mis. Paul Challis.' ' Mrs. Challis ?' 'Yes' ' And yon know her, too f' 'Yes.' ' Have you known her all her life, like the other one ?' ' No. Why do yon ask ?' ' Because— — Bat I cannot tell yon why here. Say, did you know her before she was Mrs. Paul ChaUis. Who was she ? How long has she been that man's wife ?' ' You might say that gentleman, I think ! Why do you want to know all this?' ' Oh, tell me, and do not question me. I am foreign, and perhaps ask you rudely, but I do not mean to. Tell me who that lady is — who showas before she was married to him. She indicated Captain Challis with a look, and the woman shehadspokra to, a respect able, elderly lady, answered her now. ' Heaven knows '.' she said, ' I don't. She has not been married many months. Do you know her ?' ' I don't look much as though I knew fine ladies, do I ?' the woman said, with a harsh little laugh. ' I daresay I've been mistaken; thank you all the same. I thought hers was a face I knew.' She pulled her thin shawl tightly around the strange-looking child, rose quietly, and went towards the door, the woman follow ing her. ' I won't lose sight of her,' she said. ' As sure as my name's Minta Trent, she knows something, though she did shut her self up when I asked her. I don't think she mad.' The beadle did evidently, for he was eye ing her suspiciously as she was leaning against the railings outside, and laughing in a half-feeble, half -jubilant fashion, that was ghastly to see. ' I've found afortone,' he heard her say. ' A fortune, littld one, do yon hear ? We won't starve any more, baby, or we'll have our revenge, and it will be sweet — sweet !' ' Come, now, none of that,' the officer said, patting his hand on her shoulder. '' We can't have you kicking up a row here. If you have found a fortune take it and go. You look as if you wanted one. ' ' Aye, don't I ? WeU, I've found it— found it in Mrs. Paul ChalHs's beauty and braveries. Where does she live ?' '* I don't know that it's any of year busi ness. Be off oat of this, I say, and don't play any of your mad pranks here. There's a policeman coming, and hell let you know what I mean.' ' I'm not mad,' the woman said, more quietly. ' A little dszed and giddy with hunger, perhaps, bat no more mad than you.' ' With drink, more likely, I think ' he said, roughly. ' Get alone with you. We don't want any tramps hanging about here.' She did not resist any longer, bat stagger ed away from the support she had been leaning on wearily enough, ' Shell get into the station soon, and the best place, too,' he mattered. And then he went back into the church to put things straight and lock the doors. What became of the woman, so, that she was that she was gone out of his dominions, mattered nothing to him. She did not go many yards before she staggered dizzily, and was obliged to catch at a doorpost to pre vent herself from falling. '? Not a penny, 'she murmured. ' Not a crumb, and I vttrnt eat. Can I beg, I wonder ? I have never done it yet. ' Oh,' good lady, a bitof bread, or « coin to buy it for heaven's sake !' It was Mrs. Treat whom she addressed, bat in her weakness and weariness she did not recognize her as the person she had spoken to in the church. ' I did not think you were a beggar,' Hie good woman said, rummaging for h penny, and surveying her with interest. ' I am not. It is by accident you see me like this. Give me a mouthful of food, for heaven's sake!' That need was uppermost now. She conld feel nothing bat the sick craving for something to eat, which is . so awful when there is nothing to be had, and Mrs. Trent took her by the arm and led her to a coffee shop at the corner of a street dose by. *? I'm only a poor woman,' she said. ' but I can do that mueh. Come in here,' She was a goodhearted soul, but she was curious too, like the rest of womankind, and the way this stranger had looked at Dolores, and the questions she had asked about her, had made her suspect that here might be a due to the former history of the woman the woman who bad once lodged with her. She watched tile stranger eat and feed the child she held in her arms till the color began to come back to their faces, and the light to their eyes. ' Heaven will reward you,' she said to Mrs. Trent. ' You are a good woman.' No better than my neighbours,' was the smiling reply. ' Now won't you tell me who you are, and how you come to be wan dering about London in this fashion ? You're foreign, I can see.' ' Yes, I'm a Swiss.' ' And a widow ?' _ ' No, I have a husband, such as he is,' the woman said, with a shrug and a sigh. ' I came to England to him, for he has not sent me enough lately to keep body and soul together at home. I sold all my clothes to come, and now ? ' ' And now it will be all right. Yon will, be together.' ' No, that is just it. I cannot find him He has left the address he gave me, and they don't know where he is gone. We were once better off — in a very different way of life — but I shall not need to starve now. I can get money.' ' How ?' ' From a lady you call Mrs. PauTChallis. She will help me.' Mrs. Trent made no remark, but paid the bill, and waited till they got into the street once more. ' I don't Eve far from Mrs. Cnallis,' she said. 'If you like to come to my house and wait till you can see her you are wel come.' The woman. looked ether suspiciously^ and thought for a moment. ' You have a motive in this,' she said, 'You English people don't take strangers to their houses and entertain them without one.' * ' We may be entertaining angels . un awares,' Mrs. Trent said, with a smile. ' But I had a reason. You seem to know Mrs. Challis, and I would give more than shelter for any news aboot her. She lodged with me once for awhile. ' ' Widi you ?' ' Yes. The captain and the doctor brought her to my house. The storvs well-' known enough. Bat I want to:know where she came from.' ' AD I know is soon told,'* the woman said. And Mrs. Trent hurried hereto her com fortable little home, thi«lriTig that at last she was coming to the queer mystery of Dolores Zueta's former life. She was a shrewd canny woman, in her-w*y, bat she was not quite so shrewd as her new ac quaintance, who) in an boor, in the coarse of conversation/managed to extractfromher all she had ever known concerning Dolores., and to tell her nothing in reply except **-*+? she had known Mrs. Challis and her mother in Italy. ' If you wiUfgive me a shelter here till I have seen her,/she will help me to pay you,' she said, ' aoid perhaps to find my husband, too. He is not dead, I feel sure of that, and he is not a bad man to me, only care less.'' Mrs. Trent- wasidisappointed, bat a little relieved. It was true, then, that Mrs. Challis had come ^from Italy, and that her mother had been & gentlewoman. She little thought that she had been reckoned up fey this stE&ager;, who proposed to make a convenient/tool of 'her, and tell her just as much as she c&ose; and no more. She was communicative enoo&h;, aboot herself. Heoaame -was Marie Lescouzs, and if she couldjoue find her husband and com municate with Mrs. Challis, who.ahe was sure would'befriend her, she should do very well. All she wanted was to^et a living. She buLspent every penny she had, and did not want- to ask for charity -fxom any one. ' Yoaaretquite-sureitis Mrs., ChaUis you want?' Mrs JTrent asked.. There bad: baen » littlerfitaitat the iwme of Zuet4U,*nda puBded took^ttat had not escaped faeeob*arva$on. _ ' Quite. If you doubt me wQl you go to her for me P I daresay her servants woold not let me in. - I am not1* handsome object in my present plight, and they might think me not a fit visitor for a lady.' . ' Maybe it would be aaweU,' Mrs. Trent replied. ' They will let' me in, -because they know me. What shall I say to her?' 'Only tell her that Marie Lescours is in England, andis.oomingtoseeiier. That will be quite enough. She will not ^refuse me.' '_ ' ' ' You'll have to wait till eVenibg. They won't be back from ihe 'wedding ontill then.' ., ^^ ' If it was midnight she'd see me if I chose to insist npoa ft,' was the 'odd' re ply. : :. ? ?: And Mrs. Trent coold get no moie.oat of her strange visitor. - Towards -five o'clock she saw Captain Challis's man pass the win dow, had bailed him'. ' Have they gotliome fromthe Crescent, Holmes ?' she asked, 'they' meaning bis and his wife. ? :, ? 'Yes.' '. ' ' They are early.' ? ' ' Yes. Mrs. Challis isn't welt. She was almost fainting when they came&pme; from church. She just Biased , to see Lord' and Lady Allardyce drive away, and' then she -went borne.' - ?'?.?', '.'*''' ' Ah, she's full of fancies just now. Is she well enough to speak to me, Holmes?' ' I should think so. ' She . *eems jiretty much as usual now:' - . , *. - Mrs. Trent presented herself. at the cap tain's house as soon as she was ready,. and was taken upstairs 'to Dolores's boudoir. Certainly Mrs. ChaUis did look very, pale, and she started violently ^hen tie door opened, but recovered 'herself when she saw it was Mrs. Trent. . ' ? '? ? ?'. ' Oh, dear, is it you F' she said. ' m terribly nervous to-day, and 'I didnt who Susan said. I think lam not quite equal to gayety. ?,-??? *? Perhaps not, ma'anV1 Mrs.' Trent 'repli- ed, bat I wanted to see you particularly:' ' I am quite well enough to see you. Sit down. Captain ChaUis won't be borne for one hour at least. . Ie it anything I can : do foryou?' -« -: .'? '. ? '' c ' 'Not for me, ms^uq. ? I came for another person. There is a woman at my house who wants to see you.' ' At your house ! / rWhp is' it '?' ? ' She says her name is Marie Lescours, and ? ' , v' j * ' Marie Lescours..!!;' . . ? The voice was Mrs. ChaUis'*, bat . the tones were «o harsh and broken that ' Mrs. Trent stared at her fir dismay. ' Every ves tige of colour bad leftherf ace and lips; and and awful look of horror had come into her eyes. .--'? -. . ? . . ?? ' Marie Lescours !' she gtsped again. ' Then it was no .dream ! ; 1 did wee her!' r - ' ; 'I daresay yon did, ma'am, at thechnrch. She saw you. She was in great want and misery, and I took hex hotnewithine. She said yon would help her if you knew of her being «o badly off.' _? . ? . ? 'No, no, keep heraway ! Don't let her some near me. Her-ritory-is aUa lie, X tell yon— like the story.- the others' told In Paris. All a trick to make my husband v hate fne, and throw -me oat;apon the world- mgain. Don't let me nee hen or I shall kiH her, may be. Ha! ha!' Her voice rose to » shrillness that' warfel most a scream, and «he .burst 'into hysterical tears and laughter. , I-.. „....'? ..'''.' Mrs. Trent knew what to do. and soothed and quieted her tHl«helay1aacknher cush ions, very weak and. languid, bat herself again. . . - - ' Dear me, I must lie stupidly weak and nervous,' she said, - presently. , ' I- don't seem to be able tojhear the slightest 'tiling. Have I been talking aihy nonsense ?' ' Nothing that anyone could understand, ma'am,' said Mrs. Trent, gravely. '''You seemed startled and frightened when I mentioned Marie Lescours^ that was 'Oh, .yes. I was'.startted: I never thought to see anyone connected with toy old life again. Poor Marie! I shall be glad to see her. Will you bring her here, Mrs.Trent?' . ' When,ma'xna ?' ' Now— dheetlyr-stais evening;*. Sow I have beard of her X shall not dees tffl I see her.' . . ' . - She seemed feveriUily eager ior the inter vei w, and Mrs. Trent hurried bade to her guest to teU her of her sccess. 'She wfll see ir.e: of course, and help me. Yes But how mueh, I wonder.? A little will not do! Mrs. -ChalliswiU have to be my milch cow, sad, woe betide her if the supyly is not - generous and to the fnlL' ' *'? _ ?.?—?.?'?-? - :. j^, . Marie Lescours did hot speak theseword loud,, bat «he thought them as she walk ed by Mrs, Trent's side to Captain ChalhVs house. 