IiOndon. [fbom oor ov, s correspondent] \- November 33 ' 'MR. JIANTOJf,' ? Tlio death of the Dowager Duchess of Monfroso rcmovoa a well-known figure from the turf. * Corolino, Duchess of Montroae, was a daughter of the second Lord Deoios. Close on 60 years ago1 when a girl of. .18, she married, the fourth Duke of Montroae, father of the present duke. Their married life lasted 3! years, when tho duke, died, and two yeara later the duchess married Mr. Stirling Crawfurd, who - left her a second time, a widow in 1883. ' The third marriage of 'Mr. Manton' was one of the matrimonial sensations of 1888\. She became iho wife of Mr. P5. Milner, a relative of Sir Frederick Milner, who was ; at the time engaged with a firm of stock-bpokers in the city, and was only 24 year^ of age. By this marriage . Mr. ','Harry.' Milaer became stepfather: of a' duke many years his aeniori \iind father-in-law of Lord Breadalbane;. EoAl Grevillo, and Mr. Mnrriiy; of- Polmaise. ;.: It was charac teristic of ? ' Mr. : Manton'' that her third honeymoon ?'? should have com menced with a visit to the Jockey Club box ? at Newmarket. In spite' of similarity of tastes tho third wedding can hardly -be said to '? have beett a success.' ;- Since. Mr;, Crawford's death, ' Mr. Mantdn's'. Bporting speculations have nbttieen f6U6w(|d by fortune, and her finances were at ja vory low ebb in deed. 'When she m'drried Milner, an ;: -'? annuity of £3,000 a year was appointed . for him, and lost year his wife en croached upon -this, and ho had to take legal measures to protect himself ; this caused one/ of the society scandals of,._ the day. The marriage in many ways did not .Jam out well, and frequent quarrels .between tho pair wore the re- ? suit of the little rift I within the lute' which soon showed itself. The alliance . between Lady B'urdett Coutts and Mr. Bartlotthas had very diflerent domestic effects. Owing to temperament, and a policy of mutual forbearance, these two make apparently the happiest couple and are constantly abont together. :.';. . BEEBBOmi TEEE. Ono of the best and most convincing speakers of .the day is Mr. .Tree of the Jiaymarkot Theatre. Ho is one of the . busiest men going and as usually is the case, he yet finds time to collect materials '. for a' speech on the ' Sunday Question' which he delivered last Sunday at the ' Queen's Hall. Ho gave a few articles . in the Transatlantic Code collected by /v Dr.' Hessoy. — 1. No one shall run on ; the Sabbath Day, or walk in his garden . or elsewhere, except .roverently to? and i from meeting. 2. No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep house, : shave on the Sabbath Day. 3. No woman shall kiss her child on the i ; Sabbath. 4. If any man shall kiss his ?, , wife, or wife her husband, on tho*!' Sabbath, tho party in fault shall bo ': punished at the discretion of the -. Magistrate (laughter). _ Mr. TieoJ described London as a well-orderod cemetery, with hero and there some 1 uneasy ghosts flitting about HWein this Society aro, in our humble way, only fighting ono great skirmish of tno outposts in the war i against cane, and on our banner in that engagement we might' engravo this manifesto :— We regard tho vacant hours of Sunday as a great waato of opportunity and a great' danger. And wo further think that the great mass of tho people, to whom tho public musoums and picture gollerios belong, should not be, as they now practically aro, debatrod from en joying' their property.' slavin nEDrnvus. Frauk Slavin has boon living low for soino time now ; 'ho found tho Jermyn street hotel no good, and gave the* businoss best, aftor somo years! trial. Since then ho has, I suppose been living by 'his wits, and ro- iding with ^ the parenls of his wife. Now he is off to tho land of tho diamond and the j ostrich, and as a sort of preliminary canto?, ho boxed, oight rounds last night with tho 'amntour champion,' Steer*. Frank made a, mistoko in becoming surety for tho persons connected with nhatiokn^ttas the 'Cutlass Case,' who amused 'themselves by attacking ' certain, other -'men with cut lasses; Frank had to ?to-p up tho £200r or t.^ suppose thatygurariend Pony Mboi-i\i. did so. V^^3^ i==^ ' '?- * 