CHAPTEE XLV1L A MEETING. Love ! Oh, no, no ! Though m his wife, bound to him By Mtcred duties and most holy vow«, I should have loved him well, and never, ? surely, In poverty had I forsaken him ; But being left, I felt an instant joy That I was free. — Miss Mitfohd. Among the anxious people that wait ed the return of the Patagonia from Demerara with keen expectations were Marion Judd and her father. Isaac Judd was part owner of the ship and a personal friend of the captain. They had known each other when they were struggling boys, with no one to help them in their fight with the world, and they had kept up the intimacy through oat their lives. The ship never came home from a voyage that the captain did not bring some thing Tare or pretty for Marion or her father. They had heard all about Martin Hill, and how he had picked him up, and' the story had set Marion think ing whether it were possible that the stranger might be Leonard Hastings. She had told no one of her fancy, but had wisely waited till after the inquiries wousn we captain maae. j/nere was no reasonable doubt then that the young man was what he represented himself to be. Martin Hill, who had gone out in the illfated Irene, was a person answer ing in every respect to the description of the rescued man. He had no friends to trouble about him, or anyone interest ed in his welfare in any way, and Marion, when she heard the facts, ceased to tr- ~Me herself about the matter at alL When they heard from Captain Brook of his coming return, he announced also that he should bring Martin Hill back with him. ' I can't make the young fellow out,' he wrote. ' Perhaps when we get to England we shall know more about him. He etill presists that he has no friends or home, but I believe he has and that for some reason or other he is afraid or ashamed to go near them. He is doing well out here, which makes me wonder at his wanting to come back.' It so happened that Isaac Judd and his daughter were in Liverpool when the Patagonia reached home, and they made their way down to the docks to see their old friend. A6 they were being pulled to the ship, they passed a boat with two or three persons in it, being rowed to the shore. A young man sat in' the stern very much muffled up, with enough of his face visible for Marion to see and recognize. With a little cry, she grasped her father's arm. ' Look, father ! Look there 1' she cried. ' Where, child?' he asked. ' There — in that boat. Did you Bee that man? Oh, do look, before they are out of sight. «* Who is it ?' he said, bewildered by the suddenness of her appeal, and not quite knowing where she meant him to look. ' Leonard Hastings, father. See, there ! In that boat.' ' By Jove ! So it. is !' he exclaimed, looking in the direction of her point ing finger, and catching sight of the person she was looking at. ' Here ! hi ! Stop you fellows ! Stop that boat, I say ! I want to ? ' But the boat had shot past before he could make himself understood, and was already out of sight amongst a crowd of craft of all sizes. Isaac's per turbation and Marion's pale face did not pass unnoticed by their friend the cap tain. When the greetings were over, Mr. Judd tqld his friend what they had seen, and described the boat and the man. ' Why that was my boat going ashore with Martin Hill,' was the instant, reply. ' Are you quite sure f' ' Quite!' Marion replied, unhesita tingly. ' I could not mistake Mm I should know him anywhere.' ' Yes,' her father said, dryly ; ' we arenot likely to forget him. That* s the young1 fellow that was going- to marry my girl here. Oh, I sha'n't hurt her, speaking of it now. She has got over her heartache, hav'n't you, Marion ?' ?' I don't know that there was ever any real heartbreak, papa,' Marion said, gently. ' There was pain, and mortification, and sorrow, of course ; but it was for the best. I knew that from the first I was wrong, ever to con sent to it at all.' ' Ah, our young ones axe often wiser than we are,' said Isaac. I could see nothing in the affair but the grandeur of being connected with high folks who didn't care a pin about me or mine. It's as well as it is, maybe.' Much better, father dear,' Marion said, quietly. ')We won't talk any more about it. The earl and his family are our very good friends, Captain Brook, and I think it extremely probable we should have quarrelled long before this if I had been Mr. Hasting' a wife. It teas him I saw. What shall we do ?' ' Write to Lady Geraldine and tell her,' Isaac Judd said. ' Maybe they know, and he is coming home all square and above board.' Marion shook her head. ' No,' she said, ' I know he is not. In the very last letter I had from Geraldine she was in^great grief because the earl would not, even now, when Lord Fourness is dead allow -them to* to speak of Leonard. - He is just as hard and unforgiving as ever.' She did not know that the earl's sil ence and sternness were caused as much by his deep feeling a about his son as 'anger ; she had no idea of the yearning after his miam-ng boy that had. taken possession of Lord Templestowe's heart. If she had she would have gone straight to London, and t'u him she had seen Leonard. Her main feeling at the sight of him was fear. She knew he was liable to arrest for what he had done, and had no idea of the endeavors Lord Allar dyce had made to have the affair hushed up. There was really no danger in Leonard' return — for it was Leonard she had seen. The Jew Levy had disappeared, and was supposed to be dead and no cue else had any interest in the matter. ' 111 go to London, father,' she said. ' Maybe I can help to make things straight. I can prepare Geraldine, any way, Lady Templestowe is so nervous. It will be an awful shock to her.' ft was -quite easy for Marion to go to London — she had friends there were 6he was always welcome — and her going would not seem to have any special re erence in Ancrht: Iwirrmd Y101- Awn *Knfri« ness. Her arrangements were soon made, and she was ready to start that same night. Her father saw her off, wishing her good speed, and little dreaming what manner of travelling companion she was going to have. At a station about twenty miles down the line from Manchester, a man got into the same carriage with her, bo evidently choosing it because there was only one person in ic, that she felt rather alarmed. She was thickly veiled and shrouded in travelling -wraps, and he had his hat down over his eyes, and a muffler on, so that she could not see his face. He was very silent, and as the time wore on she felt more at ease than just at first, when she had been very much uuuiea wj asK. we guara. uo put ner into another carriage. Soothed by the drowsy rattle of the wheels, and a little tired as well, she fell into a doze, and lost herself, being only concious that she was on a journey somewhere. Suddenly she sat up, wideawake, not knowing what had roused her, to see her recreant lover Bitting opposite her. He had taken of his travelling cap and wrapper, as though, he were too warm, never drmmingfcha tfaet silent lady op posite to him would know him. Marion could not repress a slight ex clamation, and he started up with a wild fear on his face. He had thought him self safe from detection, and here he was found out before he reached London for Marion, in her astonishment, had ut tered his name. She threw back her veil when she saw the blank look of dis may tnat came over nis features, and spoke to him. ' Don't you know me, Leonard V she said. He stared at her in bewilderment as though he had seen a ghost. 'Marion !' he exclaimed. ' Is it really youP ' Yes, Lord Fourness, it- is really me — Marion Judd.' He looked puzzlsd for a moment at the title. It was his, he knew ; but it was the first time he had ever heard it applied to himself. ' Yon will not betray me ?' he said earnestly. ' Betray you ! What do you mean Y' ' I ought not to have hinted at such a thing, I know. But I fear everybody. You will not tell anyone that you have seen me ?' lf«l«B«rk1~l AWfilnj? ^-ftA-nswW nltAnriin «*i£-1*A'M *m»i*wu a-uuMs\«» VUVUgU OU.'G VTA0 labUCl alarmed at the vehement way in which he had spoken. t ' That is precisely what I was going *to do,' she said. ' My father and I saw you to-day as you were being rowed a shore from the Patagonia, and I am on my road to town to break the news to dear Geraldine.' ' Then you are friends ?' ' I am proud to say we are. Your mother and sister are most kind to me.' ' I am glad to think it. Bvt Marion — Miss Judd, I should say — they mast not know yet that I am not d±ad. Will your father be silent? Will he not speak ?' ' My father is discretion itself. He will not open his mouth till he hears from me. We agreed upon that before Heft.' ' Then keep Bilence for a day or two, tall I can find out whether I can show myself safely. Do you know what I risk in coming back ?' ' I can guess.' ' It may be that I should be arrested at my father's door. I am a criminal, an outcast, a felon,' he said, bitterly; 'and if I thoifcrhfc ?fcha.t. wnnld barman wonld turn my back on England again, and never seek to look upon my mother's face again. The sea would not have me, We were burnt out and the fire spared me. When I read of my brother's death in an old paper, two months old at least, I could not settle down any longer where I was. I think I should have come if I had known a policeman was waiting to arrest me the moment I landed.' The passionate home yearning was to be seen in every line of his face as he spoke. Marion had come to dispise him utterly in the days that were gone by — he had blighted her life, made her a thing to be talked about and pointed at in a way that most women would never have forgiven — but her feeling for him was nothing but pity as he sat there before her with all his humilit ation fresh upon him again. There was room for pity as well as blame in any thought of Leonard Hastings. With all his wickedness he was not wholly bad. His faults were partly those of his bringing up, and he loved his mother passionately in spite of hie misdeeds. How he had longed for his home, and to see those whom he had sinned against and wronged, during his. enforced absence only he himself knew. Marion could guess. She was not hard hearted, and she spoke gently and kindly when she answered his wild words. ' I hope that you will be safe,' she said. ' It was to warn your mother and sister, so that they might be able to think what to do, that I was going to London.' ' I don't deserve such grace at your hauds,' he replied, sadly. ' I deserve nothing at the hands of anyone but con tempt ; but it would make my burden lighter to bear if I could think you had forgiven me. Nothing can undo the wrong I did you; but if you can ever think more leniently of me, or ever be lieve that I am not all sinful, and come to understand that I was sorely tempted and tried almost beyond all bearing, I think there would be some pity for me in your gentle heart.' ' There has been nothing else but pity for a long time, my lord,' Marion replied kindly. ' For a time I was angry and sore — I should have been more than woman if I had not been, I think — but I have come to look on my escape with thankfulness.' ' Your escape ! From me 7' ' Yes, my lord ; from you and your title. I was fitted for neither. It would have been a great mistake.' ' You. are fit to be a queen, Marion. Forgive me for calling you by the old name ; it slipped out unawares. I have no right to call you anything but Miss Judd.' ' No right, my lord. I am only 'Marion' to my intimate friends ; I can hardly rank Lord Fourness among the number. I have felt nothing but thank fulness since the sting of being left and deceived has worn off, that you did not carry out your intention of making me jour wife.' ' I would have made you a good hus band. You should not have had an un gratified wish.' ' I am sure of that ; but ours would have been an unhappy union for all that If I was fitted for the position to which you were going to raise me, my father was not, and nothing should have sep arated me from him. He would have been unhappy in the thought that be could not be at home in bis daughter's house, and I should have been miserable at seeing him so.' There was a quiet earnestness in her voice and manner that let him. see better than a thousand words would have done that nothing could ever bring about the old state of affairs between them. Marion Jndd had buri ed that miserable past, and declared she would never marry — would never think of matrimony ; certainly no per suasion of Leonard Hastings would have any effect in inducing her to change her mind. ' I may -trust you T' he eaid, after a pause. ' How ?' 'Not to tell anyone that I am in England till I give you leave. Yon do not know the danger I am in on British ground'' ' You might trust me with your life,' she replied. But the secret is not ours alone. The captain of the Patagonia knows it. In our surprise we told him.' 'It can't be helped. I shall soon know whether I can go home with safety. Are you going to my father's honsft ?' 'No. I am not quite intimate enough to go without an invitation. I am going to some friends of my father's, homely people who are always glad to have me. I shall return to Liverpool at once, if I may not fulfil my mission.' ' Don't do that. Stay in London till you hear from me. I may want help in making my^presence known at home. Will you be my friend, my mediator, if I need one.' ' I will .'' she said. I will do any thing I can to help you.' She held oat her hand, and lie took it warmly, It was a firm, friendly clasp that met his own, and he knew he might rely on Marion Judd's clear head and warm heart whenever he wanted any aid that she could give him. It was only a woman's hand, but it had a man's strength and a woman's gentle softness. It was the hand of a friend, and the knowledge that he might rely upon it in any need made his heart beat lighter than it had done since he left Demarara 