Mew Publications. I George Meredith's 'Diana of the Crossways' has just been added to Ball's Indian and Colonial Library cheap series of novels. 'The Crossways' is the name of the country residence of the heroine of the story, Diana Antonia Merion. The author's name is a sufficient recommendation of any work he may publish ; but we venture to think as a typical young lady the character of Miss Merion is somewhat overdrawn, and does not do justice to the sex. Of course, she is beautiful, and very few who meet her, of the opposite sex, fail to fall desperately in love with her. But love, as in many another instance, is a wayward thing, and partly through Diana's capri ciousness, and partly through the mischievous machinations of ner guardian, Lady Dunstane, Miss Merion marries the man least suited to her as a help meet. Having inexplicably and voluntarily bound herself to this man, discarding those who would have been better suited to mould her character, she soon learned to loathe him. Armed in her later en lightenment as to the laws of life and nature, she dashed in revolt at the laws of .the ^prld when she thought of the forces, natural and social, 'which urge young women to marry and be bound to the end. Her husband she regarded as a foreign animal in her kingdom. Her experience awakened a sexual aver sion of some slight kind, .enough to make her feminine pride stipulate for perfect peace. But this is just what she did not attain. By an artifice of a doubtful kind she aroused the jealousy of her husband, and the result was an action for divorce, which resulted unsuccessfully. She, however, never lived with her husband again, nor would she visit him on his deathbed. Notwith standing certain morbid feelings iu regard to the marriage state, which many women of the advanced type appear to cherish at the present day, ghe eventually entered that state a second time, marrying the man who most loved her in her youth, and who she then repelled, but who makes a more successful and congenial companion. So all ends well. Me.' C. Stuart-Cansdell is the author of a pamphlet, 'A New European- Australian Route,' in which he advocates a transcontinental railway with canals and other attachments. It is the pros - pectus of a company formed to undertake the mighty work. Messrs. Gordon and Gotch are the publishers. Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden forward us (through their Sydney agents, Messrs. Angus and Robertson, Castlereagh-street) a copy of a new novel just added to their Colonial Library series. The story is entitled ' A Veldt Official,' and this in itself proclaims the scene of the plot to be in South Africa. The author is Bertram Mitford. The hero is Roden Musgrave, and the heroine Mona Ridsdale, a young lady who is . staying . with some friends at Dopperdorp, at which place Roden holds an official position in- a ? -law ? court. Mona'a character' is one of contradictions. She is a perfect specimen of womanhood, but her facial expression leaveB an uncomfortable impression of unreliability, and yet her face is at times wondrously attractive. Roden falls in love with her. She first attracted, then repelled him ; at one time seemed disposed to make much of him, and then to turn suddenly, in the most capricious and irresponsible manner, to lavish her favours on another, by name Lambert, who is somewhat of the villain. Roden meets with a serious misadventure whilst hunt ing, and Mona proves a capable and clever nurse. Then, as time goes by, Mona, Rnden, and Lambert are 011 the way to England in the same steamer. The Bhip is wrecked, and the author describes in very graphic and powerful language the incidents of the catastrophe. Every one but the three persons just named are drowned. Mona is borne upon the water by Roden until presently the ship's hatchway is found floating with Lambert clinging to it. Roden owes Lambert a grudge, and the timber will not float the three. Lambert is cast into the sea. In their terrible straits, with shoals of sharks sur rounding them, Roden, to save Mona, gives himself to the sea ; and afterwards Mona is picked up by a passing ship, but dies before restoratives can be applied, and her body is consigned to the deep. The story abounds with excellent description of the settlers in South Africa, and there is a thrilling description of an onslaught by Kaffirs on the white settlers, during which Roden makes a hairbreadth escape. The story is an admirable one, full of stirring Incident and adventure. Chapman's Magazine of Fiction for June is so full of good matter that it is evident the publishers intend to make a success of their new periodical. Apart from the two serials and the detective Btory, which are very good reading, the fiction is excellent. The most remarkable contribution is Mr. George Gissing's tragic story, 'His Brother's Keeper.' It deals with the conflict of two brothers— one an aggressive agnostic, and the other a religious enthusiast with a touch of madness. The two men debate in public and the story ends with the at tempted murder of the agnostic and the entry into a madhouse of the other brother. It is a tragedy of great strength, written with singular force and vigour. Although his tone is pessimistic, Mr. Gissing is one of; our foremost short-storytellers. ' The Microbe of Pessimism ' by ' an unknown writer,' is amusing ; Mr. Crockett's ' Under Cloud of Night,' characteristic and readable*; Frank Stockton's ' The Bishop's Ghost, and the Printer's Baby ' imaginative and entertaining ; and Richard Pryce's ' The Rousing of Eve Garland ' surprising and a little painful. The magazine is published in London. A copy is sent us by George Robertson and Co. The Australasian edition of the Review of Reviews for July contains an article by the Dean of Dunedin, who deals with New Zealand in the series of articles on ' Musicians and Musical Taste in Australasia.' The New Zealand music of the future is believed in Wellington to be with Messrs. Barnett, Hill, Jones, . and Hoben. Mr. Ernest D. Hoben, brother of the musician mentioned above, writeE on ' The National Game of Maoriland,' which, according to this authority, is without doubt Rugby football. The character sketch of the month is devoted to the Right Hon. James Stansfeld, M.P., G.C.B. We have received from the Department of Agri culture the ' Bulletin of the Proceedings of the Con ference of Vine and Fruit Growers ?' hold in Sydney during February last. Also the ' Bulletin of the Conference of Delegates of Agricultural Societies' heldin the following week. Each contains a number of valuable papers, which will be more fully appre ciated now that they may be read at leisure. Both the publications are to be obtained from the Govern ment Printer. Messrs. Jaxrold and Sons, publishers, London, forward a copy of a new novel which has just been added to their very excellent ' greenback ' series — by greenback is meant a novel in neat green cloth binding. The story is a somewhat uneventful family chronicle by Curtis Yorke, who is the author of several stones previously published. There is little or no plot, and the incidents are by no means of a striking kiud. It is a plain story of everyday life, and will be read with pleasure on that account. 