TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. Br " NUN'qPAa: Dokmw." A Xm 1 Revelation out Flemington wav on Uai.'o Day*. A Health Y Sign of the Times, t..>o, inasmuch as it proves po >pU> liavfi hecjms seiz'vl of the position. In- days of yore, when tho sjrami stand and straight run were parallel to the Saltwater River, tl)p approach to tlifi course was down Smitiifieldroad. ] hox't know whether it was known as Smith, field-road then, or whether it was known as any road at all except " the road that led to the abattoirs" Anyhow, it is known to the. initiated as Suiithfield-road now. It runs from the Racecourse-road (opposite the Pastoral Hotel) down to the bridge over the Saltwater River. Consequently, it runs between the Y.K.O. demesne and the City Abattoirs, and at the back of the southern scraping sheds. Wki.l. (iui'iDff the two days of the late Y.K.O. Grand National Meeting both sides ot Suiithiieldroad, near the scraping sheds, were packed with all manner of vehicles—from the swell turn-out down to the little pony cart of the coster. You see, it. saved haif-a crown admission money for the vehicles to those who only wanted to patronise the Flat; and on steeplechase days ] don't know but what the FJattites have a bit of a pull over the reBt of the assemblage, in so far as seeing the real merits of the contestants is concerned. WhethkI! or not. the baldheaded fact was in evidence on bot.ii Saturdays that the Flat waE patronised to an extent never before known in the ariuals of cross-country events in Australia ; and therefore I deemed it my duty to make inquiries in this special connection, with the result that I am able to place before you an item of news that otherwise you mi»ht never become seized of. The whole tiling resolves itself into the fact that Hilf-a-Orown is Hilf-a-Crown these times. Althhi'uh Mr. A. M''racken's four-year old colt K\lv.m Prince (!)) not home in advance of Ripple (In -I in the two-mile "pen Hurdle Kaee, if was only by an " eyebrow." so to speak, as Mr. Miller's liiare was lapping liiin in the last few strides, and I entertain very grave doubts as to the gatoeness of the son of Glorious and Sylvan < lueen when anything comes alongside him and pinches him. Th e terrible cropper Sunflower came at the last hurdle certainly interfered with Ripple's run: but at. the same tinH it appeared as if C. F. Robertson had mtde his run a bit too late, or it may have been that he was interfered with at the time he was preparing for his supreme effort. ,loe Touilin certainly rode an exceptionally judicious race on Sylvan l'rince, whom he took to the front, only allowing lVlonius (at the back of the course) and Sunfl iwer (entering the straight) to get on anything like terms with him; the remarkable feature of this matter being that both of these fell immediately afterwards and broke their necks. "\Yhkn 1 was up in Sydney " assisting " at the A..J.C. Autumn Meeting at Kandwick last April, I nearly got what little hit of wool I have got left off on two or thre^ occasions at some of the Sydney Press bovs for their oracularly expressed opinions that " Bertie Holmes couldn't ride a little bit." Aiteu Bertie squeezing home the second time on Malachite, though, 1 got Rowley Pickering and Ton) Power to retract to the extent that he might be able to rid J a little bit now and again ; hut in the Sydney Cup his riding of Cobbittv was below mediocrity. Of course, it is not to be expected that a Victorian boy could ride as well as a locally-trained lad on the right-banded going- at Rindwick : and, as the Sydney Cup was contested under peculiar circumstances (the going being " greasy " after the rainfall, whilst Oobbitty had a peiirhunl for sprawling about in the mud), 1 was e intent to let my fellow scribes en joy their opinion as to Holmes' ability, with the simple remark that 1 thought they would change their ideas thereanent in time. Asn I only wish iny oydney cousins had been down here during the Grand National Meeting to witness Bertie Holmes' masterly displays of horsemanship in tlii, four events lie rode for Mr. S. G. C )ok. His manipulation of The Pdiisienne (7.9) in the, Luvn Handicap, of six furlongs, was worthy of the palmy days ot Tom Hales, and what more rould he said tiian that >'i doubt JJolnws had a rare good bit of stul)' under him at the wei„'lit; the tune in which the distance was traver^-d ilmi". ]."i-:cc.j pines that beyond the shadow of a duiibt.: but the Rtnadiness with winch b,u ki-pt her wiriiiu stiiking distance of the leader {Miss Gladstone) until well within a furlong of borne, and then let in-r out with one "swish" that r nstijed i j, !<u-y, pioved ijiui to be amongst tlie foremotl [..ckcys jn Australia in tint main (^qential for successful horsemanship—a Knowledge of Pace. Pouit Harry Underwood, who got. a terrible shaking up when he came down with Sunflower in the Open Hurdle Uace, tried what a Knowledge of Pace could do in the Grand National Steeplechase, as he kept Dart in the extreme roar for fully half the journey, depending on the Gipsy King gelding's dash of foot to beat the opposition home. Hut although he was quite right as regarded 10 out of the 17, he made a bit of a bloomer as far as Daitino was concerned, the aged son of Swiveller and Butteifiy II. fairly romping under his apportionment of list. JOIb., and winning in a common canter by five lengths in Gmin. do-Jsee.—the Hccord Time for tho Event (beating Redleap by a quarter of a second), and being Fourteen Seconds and Three-quarters Faster than he won in last year, when lie had Two Stone Seven Pounds Lssson His Bisk {!!.:! to 11.10) ! It was a Great Performance, of a verity ; but the fact that Dart could finish second after play- 'possum for such a distance is confirmation strong that our cross- country talent in general is at present mediocre. So must the strength of the opposition to Tho Admiral in the July Handicap have been There were ten of them, and the aged son of Richmond and Footstep had lOst. Mb. to carry. Tho Admiral is such a wretchedly slow beginner that with such a weight lie should never have been given a ghost of a show in a mile dash ; but as it took lmin. -Hiijsec. to negotiate the distance, it was small cause for wonderment that he should treat Carlton 1), Mountaineer (7.S) and the rest as if they were hacks. And Damper, who finished Absolutely Last, is a notch or two above a hack, dontcberknow. Since being utilised at the stud The Admiral has evidently returned to something approximating his two-year-old and three-year-old form, though, and as Mr. S. G. Cook always maintained that he felt satisfied he would prove as good a horse as ever ra*:ed in the land if ever he succeeded in bring-ing him fit and well to the post, it must be conceded that his prospects for either of the two Cups (Caulfield or Melbourne) look extremely roseate at present. At the same time it will never do to place too much reliance on Saturday's performance over that special distance of ground. For if ever The Admiral proves himself to be as Great a Racehorse as Mr. Cook once considered him to be, it will be over more than eight furlongs of ground ; his marvellous run in the Doncaster Handicap (won by Delaware in 1 40) to the contrary notwithstanding. Caulton appears to be on the improve ; but ho is still a very far remove from the colt who conceded The Harvester 101b. as a two-year-old (fi.4. to ?.s) and ran him a dead heat for the Nursery Haudicap at Caulfield, when the four furlongs and a-half were skipped over in 57isec. Glkkvikw (!l.4) screwed his tail about in a most diverting manner as he was indulging in his preliminary for the Open Steeplechase, of two miles; but he failed to screw his head in when opposed to Contusion (9.12) towards the finish. Confusion won in 4min. 17}sec., or 7] see. faster than Baltoro's Maiden Steeplechase, Mercury again gave a splendid exhibition of jumping during this event. The Australian Leviathan and Leader of the Ring—Mr. II. Oxenham—was runner up in the Billiard Tournament played out at the Sydney Tattersall'6 Club on Tuesday night. Although tickets in the St. Albans Stud Distribution have been going off of late at the rate of Teu Thousand per Month, and although Mr. George Adams, the manager of the distribution, fancied he could see his way clear enough to fix a date in the immediate future for the drawing, Mr. W. E. Wilson demurred about consenting thereto lest by any possibility shares were left on his hands which might secure prizes. This extreme carefulness on tho part of Mr. W. R. Wilson to avoid the possibility of any subsequent cavilling or fault-finding caused some individual signing himself " Subscriber " to write to the Age last Monday, complaining that the drawing might possibly not take place before Christmas, and having started out with that as a premise, he then wailed forth :—" Why Should the Subscribers Lose the Use of a Season's Racing ? Or, to put it another way, Why Should Mr. W. R. Wilson Have the Free Use of the Stud, and Also the Subscriptions,|for Nearly a Year?" "Nearly a Year (V is simoly l).<JiciouR! Almost as .good, in fact, as " Subscriber's " winding-up sentence, to wit:—" I think the subscribers are entitled to a More ^Businesslike Arrangement—something Fairer Between Man and Man." "Between Man and Man," quotha? No, no, " Subscriber !" Not Between It an and Han, surely ? In your case it would almost present itself in the light of being between Man and Poltroon, as there's Very Little Manhood exhibited in such an effusion as yours. However the Age people allowed the dastardly innuendo to disgrace, the columns of their paper passeth understanding. Me. T. W. Moui.Ehas been appointed Secretary to the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, and the appointment has received the hearty approval of all racing men. Mr. " Tom " Motile has served quite an apprenticeship in the V.A.T.O. Secretariat as clerk, and will carry out the onerous duties of his new position with dignity and ability. All the Press boys are convinced that the mantle of the late Hsrrie Smith will rest squarely on Mr. Moule's shoulders, whilst at the same time fervently hoping that he may never drop across that historic "Screwdriver" in the pockets thereof. They never forgave Harry attempting to screw up the windows of the Pres6-room. Heigho! We horsey men will have to foregather at Caulfield again on Saturday, and I am pleased to be able to chronicle that there's every probability of Mr. Thomas P. Power having r.ufli jiently, recovered his buggy smash-up at Lilydale some few weeks ago to be again amoigst us. Given a fine day, there's sure to be a rattling afternoon's sport, which may possibly eventuate somewhat as follows:—Two-Year-Old Handicap: The PAiii-iKNNh or Thk Chkvalieii. Hurdle Race: Stlvan Prince or Rosestesi. Murrumbeena Handicap: The Admiral or Cablton. Handicap Steeplechase : Floater or Oami'ASI'e. Kambrook Handicap: The Mkhet Girl, Bung 13unc or The Moon. Sandown Park will well repay a visit on Tuesday, 30th July; a notification in the advertisement page on back directing attention to the fact that there are half-a-dozen events sot down for decision ; that the entrance fee is only the gentle " half-sov.;" and that entries close at Ilaydon's Rieecourse Agency, Bourke-street, on Monday next. Messrs. Oxenhain and "The Count" repor* business on Spring events going on swimmingly, a large number of doubles on the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups being taken since the Grand National Meeting. On the two Cups the following doubles have been laid, starting with The Admiral—5000 to 5 each Atlas, Dreamland, Harvester, Havoc, Patron, Devon : 5000 to 10 the two Admirals; with Eiuidsfordk— 5000 to 5 each The Admiral, Atlas and Delaware. With Hoi-skotch— 5000 to 5 each Mahee, Dreamland, Auraoia, Harvester, Havoc and Bruin. With Brilliant— 5000 to 5 each Preston and Dreamland. Straightout betting on the Caulfield Cup.—1000 to 50 The Admiral; 1000 to +0 each Atlas, The Heroine, Eiridsforde; 1000 to 30 each Reunaif, Brilliant, Best Bower. Laundress, Vanitas and lalanthus. Victorian Derby.—Very little doing; 7 to 1 best offer on the field. Melbourne Cup.—1000 to 50 offered on the field. Dreamland favourite ; 1000 to 40 to 1000 to 10 others. At the present time the Two Cups "all the go," which being at 1000 to 1 are meeting with plenty of public support. 