Sermon for Sunday. k j Hospital - Sunday. ; Br Canon Wilbebfoiioe. ''Tlio Sonship qf Humanity " gave to Canon Wilborforoo a lofty, and interesting tbemo for hospital Sunday at morning sorvloo on Juno 10,- In tlio Church of St. John's, Westminntor. Himself a disciplo of suffering, who, somo yearn ago, wus snntohod from tlie grave whon all liopo had apparently departed, it was natural that tho world of suffering should lay special claim to Ills sympathies,- mid not? less natural thnt ho should ourry liis thoughts to a high altitude. Taking tho scono ot tho Transfiguration ns liis starting point, lio said that to overy mind giftod with tlio faculty of imagination, to overv lover of tlio pioturosquo and tho beautiful, to any who may hnvo Btood iipon nn Alpiue glaoior or ga-zod upon a snow mountain -glittering in tho sunshine, tlio scene of tho Transfiguration of Christ upon ono of the lofty snow peaks of Mount Harmon in Northern Galileo must ho full of reverent suggestion. It was not a miraolo except in the sense of Whittier's well-known expression, "I know nothing but miraolo." Tbo body of tho Man Christ Josur was formed from tlio atoms of tho natural world, like our own, a part of tho eternal flux of matter, of tho oeasoloss aotivity of tlio ovolviug forces which manipulate mutter in this planet. Tho scene of tho Transfiguration was tho momentary coming into manifestation of an otoriml truth. If our eyes woro opon to tho supernatural of tho common prooossos of nature, wo, too, should porcoivo tlio growing forth of tlio Slicekinali of infinite mystery of which wo nil nro part. Bountifully has Pope expressed tlio truth of tho inraunouco of God m fho natural world : — " All tiro but parts of 0110 stupendous whole Whoso body nature is and God tho soul." To know that in Him wo "livo and move and liavo our being " is to feel that our littlo lives nro safe as piu-t of tho umvorsnl life— it is to bo absolutely certain that death will not put an end to our continued development. Suuh bril liant unveilings of tho powors by whieli wo u'ro surrounded uro never moro than momentary. Tlio universe of visible matter is truly palpitat ing with the prosonco of God. Tho human race as tho highest lifo of tlio visiblo univcrso is especially tho Shcckinah or Tabor- naelo of God, und tlio nbsolutoly per fected manhood of Jesus is essontiiilly tho fulucss of Him that filleth all in all. Ho is tho perfect Mediator, or mooting-poiut, botwoon God and man— that is, between universal life and conditional lifo. "This is My beloved Sou, the most purfeet solf-utterauco of My inmost heart and character, Hear yo Him !" Thus tho preacher in his realisation of whut Goethe called tho "uwfulness of lifo." Proceeding to its application, ho disoornod from the Clouds which besot tho vision, tlie clouds of domostio trouble, physical illness, moral failure, that " there i3 no royal road o chnraoter." This slinrp disciplino is tho idontifieution with tho truo Sousnip. Every perfect lifo emerges only from tlio 'stem disciplino of tribulation, temptation, uud disappointment. Iu tho anted drama of His lifo you are assured that tho truo lifo of man is only tu ho built up in tbo oncountcr botweon good und evil. And who soever beliovoth in liim, not as a theological expression, .glibly uttered, but ns a Divine friend to ovory brother in tho race who erics to Him, will not loso ids faith, because the oloud settles on liim. " Again uud again, in tlio great hospitals of tlio world, I liavo soon tlio eloud sottlo down on a life, where ull seemed bright und fuir; und iustoud of totalities, or despnir, or rebellion, u pouoofitl serenity in the midHt. of pain nnd loss and sorrow luis token their place, tmeeablo to thut voice out of the eloud. whieli said, ' This is My . beloved Sun, hoar ye Him.' Christianity is not a kind of lofty smitiinentulismi It is practical work. We hear tlie restless Inurnuu- of suffering multitudes — the siok. tlio poor, tho needy, f ho deenivod, tlio doubting, tlio demoniac. Tlie spirit voioo from tlio ehnul reaches down to tliom ; tho definition of Son- ship embraces them m nil thoir alienation, and though weak, degraded, debased, demon- poKKOssod, tlioy aro yet personal spirits tuber- naeled inhodilyforiiis. Tiiis.suiroringlmmaiiit.y, this aggregate uf limnun brings, this totality called the race— this, this is, My beloved Son I Hear them ! Hour thorn cry for help ! Hoar (ho piteous appeal of a creation groaning und travailing in pain !" It is but: as yesterday, Canon Wilherforoc continued, that "the thoughts of men thut widon with tho progress of tlio sun " begun to profess acknowledgment that individuals of the rueo wero nil monitors ono of another, that fho everlasting ages, oulminutiiig in tho Now Testomont, affirm with ono uceoi'd flint humanity, tlio human family itself, 111 nil ages, "in all conditions— the sum toiul of this throbbing liumun flesh und blood, illumined witji its heroism, weighted with its crimes, soiled with its degradations, can ho nothing less than tho Divine Spirit individualised into separate con scious entities, uud therefore thut immunity is tlie Son of God. Tho union of man with man, and of humanity through Christ with God — und so with God's boundless resources of lovo nnd power — is a union whieli eannot bo broken. What is man ? asks tho Psalmist ; and tho Holy Ghost puts in his mouth tho answer, an answer which flashed into the- mind of Pluto, "Thou hast mado him for a littlo while lower thun Divine, that thou mnyest crown him with glory and honour." Tho creation of nmh is tho conditioning of Divino gonoration ; it is tho Father sacrificing Himself for "a little wliilo" to find Himself ultimately in overy Christ horn into tho conditioned stato. Mark, then, tho dignity nnd responsibility of lifo. What is called tho snlvution of your soul is the realisation of your Sonslnp. Tho working out of your salvution is tho working out of Diviuo Sonship " with four and trembling." It is your ono important business in tlie world. And if tompted by ill-rogiilutod desire and unimal appetite, you can see Jesus, tho porfect Elder Brother of tho race, who passed through temptation, suffering, and glory for you, but — thank God ! — not instead of you. Ho is nut ashamed to cull you brother. Wo liavo withm us an ovolviug spirit of resistless power slowly transfiguring us from within, training us, ovor unfolding and perfecting all our faculties, moral, spiritual, and intellectual, in conscious communion with tho Divino Friend , of humanity. Tho divinity and the humanity aro so interwoven that it is im possible for man to help his fellow man without doing it also "unto God." It is tho irresistible argument for tho appeal mmlo to tho rcspeotnblo mid olcan-living mem bers of society to como forth in tlie battle aguinst tho publio sources of temptation which blight and ruin tho lives of thousands, tho despair of a weak and erring Immunity left wallowing in tlieir temptations and sins by tho indifferenco or timidity of tho more influential members of tlie family of God. Precisely tho sumo obligation, Canon Wilbcr- forco concluded, rests upon us in dealing with tho mystery of puin. It' is puvt of tho Divine education of thoso wlio are mado " for a little wliilo lower than God." Wo must acknow ledge that tho world's suffering bus boon a great element in tho production of human character. Wo cnunot toil to recogniso its educational, saorificial, remedial . operations in thousands of cusos. But wo know ulso that one of its very purposes is to elicit tho eugor anxiety of mombors of tho raco in pity und love to alleviate tho sufferings of tlioir brethren. Our English poet says : "Paineomos, hopoless pain, God knows, And wo know, again and again ; But' 0' en pain lias its intervals blest, When tis Heaven to bo freo from pain." The_ " intervals blest!" How can they ho uttainod oxcopt by providing tho best modicnl assistance, the most skilled professional nurs ing, tho ublost surgery withiu reach of tho poorest olusses of tho comuiunity. Hospital Sunday is tho saint's day of tlio healing art appointed by tho common consent of widely differing communities of Ohristiuns to bo kept holy and sanqtifiod by liboral gifts. Think of tlio thousands of healing hands thnt uro ovory- where laid soothingly and remediully on God'B Son humunly through the instru mentality of our hospitals, involving an expenditure of £1,009,090 unnuaUy da- rived from prlvato generosity. This forms a grand equipoise to the gloomy pessimism of tho nineteenth contury, -and a splendid testimony to the determination of the human community that physical 'suffering shall be alleviated to theiutmost ability of . human .skill. Giro then, bo demanded, not merely as a congregation, but as ludividuals conscious of 'their responsi bility, ricognising in tho call to alleviate paiu undsufl'orlug a Dither's appeal '-to our'hourts to acknowledge and uot upon the brotherhood of humanity. . 1 