Nocturnal Bombardments. A Braidwood Mystery. Clod Throwing Extraordinary, For some few weeks past considerable excitement has prevailed amongst resi dents of Sir-mile Flat, VVarri- Bombay, and Colombo, writes the Braidwood Dispatch, by a series of extraordinary occurrences, the origin of which is aB deep ana impene trable bb ever, notwithstanding the most oareful and rigid inquiry, although there are people who refuse to believe anything else than that they are the result of super natural agency. It appears that a miner, named Cunningham, and a mate lived in a hut belonging to Mr Terence M'Gratb, of Colombo, which is situated close to the Shoalhaven River. They had occupied the place for some time, when all of a sadden one night the build ing was bombarded with clods from an ant bed which had been picked up by Canning- ham, and which is situated about 100 yards from the hut. The pieces of hard mnd penetrated the cracks between the slabs, although how Borne of them could get through it puzzled them, sinoe theW were larger than the opening. ThqV\\( naturally looked about. to tWfr' Find the Author " of the throwing, but without success. When they went outside, tbey aver — and their testimony is since corroborated by a number of other witnesses — the clods hit the inside of the building. On the following night a repetition of the busi ness occurred, and the men became somewhat alarmed. They told some others of it, at the same time expressing their belief that the throwing was the work of a ghost. These persons visited the scene, and found the facts exactly as stated by Cunningham and his mate. The story spread, and others, viewing the matter as a joke, likewise visited the place with the assurance that tbey at least would discover the origin of these peculiar occurrences. They left in the same happy uuuuiuuu ui uijabiuuai'iuu as iuuhu tvuu uau preceded them, although they went with gnos, which tbey fired iu the direction from where the throwing proceeded. And here we may remark that the clods thrown strike the but in almost exaotly the same place every time, between two slabs near the window. On several occasions no less than 13 people have been on the lookout at the same time, forming a sort of semi-circle roond the side of the hat where the throw ing ocoars. Tbey fired their gnns, loaded with shot, into the bu3bes of the trees snrrounding the place, with such good effect that there is not a tree or log within a couple of hundred yards of the but that is not riddled with shot. To make sure that the clods came from the ant bed, a number of them were marked with charcoal, and these have been subsequently Found Inside the Hut, perfectly unbroken. The spot is plainly within view of the watchers and any one visiting it conld easily be detected, and to make assurance doubly sure the watchers have actually placed cotton thread on small stakes right ronnd the bed, but thiB line was not broken or touched, showing that there was no possibility of any one sneaking up to tbe bed, throwing the clods and running away. Altogether the pro ceedings are most mysterious. The moBt peculiar tbing about the matter is that the clod throwing started simultaneously with the disturbing of the ant bed by Cunning ham. And what is still more peculiar, the presence of this man in the hut is abso lutely necessary to produce the " manifes tations." Without him there is no clod throwing. Many sensible, level headed men have visited tbe spot, and although loth to believe that tbe throwing is done by any supernatural agency, they are absolutely unable to acconnt for the pro ceedings. The throwing usually com mences at about half past 10 o'clock at night, and continues sometimes till day break, although as a rule it only lasts for a conple or three hoars. 