A MontanaDitofce "SMif (Bf W. L. Alden, in The Idler.) 1 Yon saw that * toll chap standing on the tatr platform of tbe express when she went through here this morning P1 said the Jericho station master. * He's the Athensville Bap tist preacher, and htfa on his way to Ohioago to give bis testimony in the great divorce suit What! I never told you about any divorce Bnit P Well I you surprise me; for that there divorce suit is just the biggest thing of its bind we have ever had in tbfs seotion of the country. ' That Baptist preacher hksn't any thing to do with it except to swear that lie married the plaintiff and the defendant.' There's nothing crooked about the Rev. Mr. Humphreys. He's as good as they make Vm,( though. I ?ay it myBelf;. and 1 don't think much of Baptists as a general thing, \ baring been brought up a Methodist, though ! resigned from them when I was made conductor, which4 Is a berth that a man can't do anything with unlees he oan swear a blue streak when the ooo&aion; arises. ; * This yer preaober took charge of the Athensville Baptist Church a matter of five years ago, and being a Wonderful man for managing a church and making it attractive to, the general publio, it wasn't long before he bad tbe largest congrega tion of any ohnrch in the place. That year the people built him a new church twice ae big as the old one. It stands on the bill about a mile out of Athensville, for when it was built it was calc'Jated that the town would grow in that direction, which somehow it hasn't done. ' I tell this jcst to show what on enterprising man the parson was. Be insisted on having the tallest steeple to Mb new ohuroh that oould' ba found anywhere in Montana Ter ritory, and b'goBh 1 he got it. People used to come -from miles away to olirab up in that steeple and see the view. There wasn't any view to speak of, tbe country being too hilly in those parts to have much soenery, but for all that people^were anxious to say that they had been to the top of the steeple. 'There was an old maid in Mr. Humphrey's congregation who waB more determined to get married than any woman you ever saw. She was one of those thin, persevering-look ing women; and a mighty dangerous eort they are. MIBB Payson, wbich wae this lady's name, was bound to marry a young man by the name of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was about as sensible and well-behaved a/chap as there was in all Athensville. - -Of course, he didn't have the .least idea of marrying the woman, but he was one of those good tempered ohaps that are always Afraid to say "'no*' when awoman askB them to do anything. Good temper is the ruin of lots of folke. It's kept me down, I know that. If I'd been one of these crusty, rampageous fellows that never does a kind action if be can help it, I should have'been superintendent of this rood instead of being only a station-master at one of the smallest stations in tbe Terri tory. Never you be too good tem pered. Of the two it ruins more men then whisky. 4 One day, Miss Payson she getB young Halsey to takeier npinthe steeple of the Baptist Church. You see, visitors were always going up that steeple between the hours of ten and five, during whioh the eexton stayed at the church to attend to things and see that everybody con ducted themselves as they should, five o'clock he looked,up the door that led to the steeple, :aad then he looked up the church door and went' home for the night. MiBs Payson and her young man went .up the ^ steeple about three O'clock in jthe,afternoon, but she said i she enjoyed it so much that Halsey waB ,prevailed upon to stay there with bet a good deal later than he had intended to stay. She kept him pointing out'all the houses in the town*Slid eVeryiill and vjile-in thai whole neighbourhood j and wiion she! finally asked him to look at hisi watch and tell her the time, ebe was, j she pretended, dreadfully alarmed ! find that it was half past fivej Halsey ran down the etairsand found j that the door was locked, and no body waB within hearing. The sexton ' had forgotten there was anyone up j steeple, and had locked up and! gone home at five o'clock# .as nsual. Halsey come back and told Minn Pay. son, "who burstIntoTSmj*^HiTlaidr that her reputation yr&s; ruined. She Halsey. wonldihiave: tojipsnd the night'in the steeple, 'Unless ire-woe willing to jMp 'OTV^f ttelinin^ow break niB neok,"and -ehe would rather die a thousand "times than let' him do that. : . r ;r, _ Halsey was considerably soared' himBelf.lor he saw that, unless he could invent some way of getting Miss Payson out of that «teepls,.<he would have to many her whether he wanted to or not. He thought the matter over for a while, Miss Payson weeping her level beet, andresting her head in a forgetful port of way on his shoulder. Finally, a bright idea Struck him. There was the bell rope, whioh was a afoul one inch Why shohldn't be-lower Miss Payson the ground with it,land then slide down it himself f He explained Mb plan to theladr, bat she didn't eeem to like ii ,8he iaI3 riie was snre the ropewould break, or that he would drop it, or that she would be killed in Bome Bort of way if the experiment was tried. 1 No/ Bays ehe; * I will remain here, and trust to your honour as a gentle man to defend me from the eneers of the heartless world. I really haven't the courage to allow you to lover me down this awful height with any rope.* * Halsey wouldn't give ear to lier ob jections, and argued with her a long time, Xt wasn't until he accidentally mentioned that the steeple was just chock full of mice and rats and bats and such that Miss Payson consented to try the rope. Even then she was a mighty dissatisfied woman, and came very near reBolving that she would take the'TiBk of. the wild animals rather than lose euoh a first-olaaa chance for capturing a desirable hus band. Halsey rigged np a sort of seat for the woman^so that she could ait in the bite of the rope, -with lash ings around her here and there, and couldn't fall-out if ehe wanted to. Then he got her to stand on the win dow ledge, and lowered away. Miss Payson shrieked a good deal at first, and begged Halsey to let her come back and die eloBe to him,' but he wasn't going to have any woman dying around his neek if he knew himself. So he lowered her down gently and easily, encouraging her all the time, till he found that his rope had .come to An end. It wasn't quite , a> long AB he had suppoeed that it 1T, and the upshot was that there was Mies Payson about thirty feet from the gfound, with no possible > way. of reaohing it unless Halsey rphonld let go his hold of the rope. ' He thought of letting go of it, but, being a humane, good tempered man, as I have, said, he conldn't bring himself to do it, since the result would have been that either Miss Payson would have been killed or, at least, moat of ber limbs would have been broken. So be made the end of the rope fast to a beam, and called out to Miss Payson not to lose cour age, and he w>uld soon think of eome way of getting her out of the diffi. culty. ^ She begged him to draw her up again, and he actually tried to do it, knowing all the while the conse quences would be if be succeeded; but he found that be didn't have the necessary Strength. Mies Payson waB heavier than she looked to be, though ehe was mostly bones ; but she was a good seventy-five feet below him, and it would have taken two men of bis strength to have hoisted her into the steeple again. He pulled at the rope" till he was pretty near exhausted, for he naturally felt a little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that he wasn't strong enough to do. However, he had to come to it at last, and tell her that if it waa to save both their lives, he couldn't manage to pull her baok into the steeple. So she eettled down to cry and he settled down to smoke a pipe, with a view to clearing his ideas. All of a sudden he saw what he ought to do, and wondered what he had been such an idiot as not to have seen it before. There wae the bell just above his head, and all he had to do was to climb up and ring it by swinging the clapper from side to side till the alarm ehould briug back the sexton. with the keys. By this time it waB getting rather dark, and Halsey set to work at that bell, and kept on tolling it plow and regular, for that was the only way he could' manage to ring it.' «It's the custom with us to toll the bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on the bell as the deceased had lived'yeam. When Hasley began to toll the bell the AthenBville people listened to find out how old the deceased had been. When the strokes had got up among the eighties, -they allowed that the oldest settler in town must have died very sudden, for he had been seen drunk #.s usual and in perfect health that'afternoon, as late as 3 o'clock. But the bell kejjt on, and bimaby, after it had tolled'some two hundred and fifty times, and showed no eigne of stopping, folks began to think that the sexton had just happened to hear about "the death of MethuaalaTi, and was notifying other people of the fact. * Yon may ask why didn't some-, body go to the church and find ont what the bell .was ringing for. Weill for one thing it was just supper time, and nobody felt anxious to. take a walk of a. mile or two just At that hour. Then, too, it had been said that; the. Baptist churchyard wab haunted, and there wasn't any general desire to interfere with ghosts in case they .should have taken a notion to toll the bell. The' tolling kept on till Halsey had tolled the. believer four, hundred times, and then the Bev. Mr. Humphreys arrived on the spot.j and when he heard Ming Payaon's .voice somewhere in the air over his head, he was considerably startled, though not being A believer in ghosts he wasn't the least bit frightened, . How on earth did yon come up there, ma'am P * asks the minuter. .-And what- are .you tolling the bell fori" - ... i.:. \ < Miss Payson explained what wai> the matter. She said that Bhe and Mr. Halsey had come to the church in the afternoon calculating to find the parson there, and to get married' that, not finding him, they had gone Into the steeple to see the view, and haft Accidentally been locked in. She was sure that she couldn't live many minutes longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Mr. Humphreys: would marry her to Mr. Halsey without an other minute's delay, and Weave her reputation, even if it didn't save her life. Tbe minister wanted , to send for help and get her eafe On the solid ground before marrying her, but she said that she "mast be married before she could dare to fade any of Her townsmen. Such, she eaid, were also dear Mr. Halsey's views, .and it Mr. Humphreys had the feelings of a man and a" Christian, let alone a Baptist minister, he would go ahead with the marriage service. ' Mr. Humphrey's finally consented, and called out to Hasley to nod when he should see the minister wave hie right arm, that being the only way in 1 which Hasley could make the re* ; eponses, seeing as his voice didn't fairly reach to the ground. Having arranged this satisfactorily, as he thought, Mr. Humphreys want ahead, and in about two minutes hehad Miss; Payson married to Mr. Haleer. .Tuet then the sextou came up with the keys, and knowing. where lie could lay his hand on a length of rope, he took it up into the steeple with Urn and bent it on to the bell tope. Then lie and Mr. Hasley lowered Miss Bay son -to the ground, and oatne down the stairs together, vYon'll find your wife .waiting for you in.the .grave yard,' says Mr. Humphreys to Halasy. 'She's naturally a little «roited, and she's, res ting on a flat tombstone.' - ' If. you . mean Miss Payson,' says Ha>eey, 4 I can't understand why-you c.vll Jier my. wife.' 'I call her your wife,' says the minister, 'because I have just married fou two, and I don't allow no man to question the binding character of any marriage that I bare a hand in.' ' Married us!' cried Hulsey. ' When and : wliere? This is-the first time 1 have heard of it.' - ' Young . man,' says the parson, 'thish-ynr's a serious subject, and I don'l approve of jokes on either wed ding* or funerals. Miss P&yflon; told mo, iwlien slie was swinging there in the 'air, that you and she wanted to'he married I he worst way, and no 1 married you.' If tin re's any mistake, I'm not to b!am». I've done my best, as minister of the Gospel, nod if you don't like it, you can go to the Divorce Oourtand see if you can get it altered. I'll tell you candidly that I don't be lieve any Oourt will listen to you, for my marriages are ironclad and bullet proof every time, and worth a good aiglij ntore than (he five dollars that I'm jailing for you to pay me.' ' Well, Hash'y lie-went home pretty madj -without, waiting to see MiBs Payson, and the very next day he begins a suit £t a divorce. That's the great divorce suit I was telling you, about when I pointed out the Rev,. Mr. Humphreys to you. It's been dragging along for four years. Sometimes it's decided in favour of Miss Fuysnn, and then its always appeal-d, and has to lie tried - over again. Miss Payson, she xticks to it that^Halsey has agreed to marry her, and {that he understood perfectly well everything the parson said while the ceremony was going on. The pirson says that Halsey nodded as; was agrcfd upon when he asked- him if he took: Miss Payson, to be bis neJded wife, ar.d all that sort of thing, and thatflalsey had hold of the rope that was tied to Miss Payson, which was all tjie sirce as having hold of her hand. On the other hand, Jlalsey swears that he never meant to marry the woman, and never knew that a marriage crrmony was being gone through, but that he just nodded out of friendliness when be saw the parson waving his hand at hint. The evid* ence, as you can sep, is pretty straight against him, aod when he doos happen to get a verdict it costs him a powerful lot of money, for our jurymen are mighty honest and high toned, and Xt taksw a gond deal , of money to induce tlietn to see things in a'light favourable to Halsey. Tm in terested in the case because of its importance, for if the courts finally decide that a man can be married to a woman when be is seventy-five feet abovp her, and don't know what is going on, none of us is .safe; and first yoa know sime woman that ia rushing through here on the express will be married to rae while I am selling tickets in my office, and knowing no more about it than a child unhung. Well, there is no use in sitting and dreading dangers that may never come to-time, and I suppose if it's a man's fate to be married lie's got to" knock under, and there's no good' in worry ing himself over it till the time comes.' 