CHAPMB IL MAfiflAlflTi CAT-DAS*.. j «' A charming picture of girlish grace j Set in a frame of floweis.'* I 'The. Apollo Theatre,' devoted to' | buffo and ' variety' entertainments, was a large, handsome building in the Strand. The ''-enterprifiing managier,' in ihe iangoage of the newspaper para graphist,.' had «pared- neither trouble nor expense in rendering his house comfortable and' attractive.- The in terior was elaborately and tastef ully- decorated ; the plays and ballets splen didly mounted ? the lady-performers mostly pretty'; the dancing at high par, and in consequence, the ctalls-'Were crowded by ihejeuneste doree ~ the stage door had its nightly -crowd of the pime sapient youths watching the departure of the nymphs of the foot-lights', and the Apollo was generally popular. So was its manager, George — or as he was moro often- called, ' Geordie'-— Eufiton, who, to' do him credit, if hie acted -on the famous couplet — ' The drama'* law. the drama's patrons life : And he who lives to please must please to live.' yet was kind, generous, and jovial, add if he looked upon theatre management from * purely business point of i view had a much clearer judgment then.; that -possessed by not a few of the aristocrs UehabUitetot the Apollo boxes' and. stalls- * ' For a week past, the paper* and flaming posters outside the theatri &fid; on ' undwiches,' had announced! that 'to May — .would be produced anew ballet- dwertissemeth, in which Mdlle. Margarite Caldarai from the la^erki Opera, -Vienna^ would make hee nr&t.; appearance in rimjiana. .. : Further ? interest was evoked by rumors, of which the . ' enterpnaing managed' had riot failed to make jeapi- ' t&L; that the approaching- d*b%tante was remarkably- beautiftilj and ' htfr ^tyle of dancjijg- eitflSrely unique, and a longer hne of carriages and cabi thanfasual lined — : — Street-On the momentous even ing. ' ! \- In dne oourae Lord de Ltsle'e broug hacm drew up; just ^keli the Curtain was falling on the farce. My Lord had ateured Miss Esmond — truly enough —that it was'' unmercifully atdpid.' The earl handed out, first,- a tall, patriciaD-loo'king dame, in WftcitHrislvet and dfanionds, iii« mother, Lady Sabine by a second marrmge,- aadft.eacond a widow ; next, a fair, pretty . girl in blue satin and pearls. -' . : . ' There go some jolly swejHa!';com- mented an irreverent Arab, .one c^f the usual crowd that collect outside theatre doors' to see.' swelldom' enter llypium just as. 'swelldom'- collects at another door later on to. see Elysium come out, ' My j ain't we somebody ! that'4 all ! Wouldn't I Uketo be a dandy -cove like that 'ere, an, come every jhight to the theaytur iu a broom, with a fioirer.in my . button-'ole' and all the chaps a scrapin.' to me.' *' You don't care for this kind of phty, do you, my lord?' chatted pretty little Klsie Esmond, in her sweet high-bred tones, as they crossed .the veatibule. ' 1 am afraid you will be bored. . She had not the least idea of fishing for a compliment. This was her' first season— scarcely yet. commenced-^- and she was as fresh as a daisy. ? : ' Bored'? Miss Esmond,' said the gallant ' ndble, '''you ? forget — T d^d not look to the 3t«g6 for this ecejmng's pleasure.' ? ' I wonder how many compliments — hot one of which you mean — yon utter in the twenty-four hours, -Lord de Lisle?' ' I scarcely know how to ' ana wer eo severe a question, but I can pledge my conscience for meaning one that Lhave uttered to-day.' - 'Your conscience! Well,1 ? I - :will tfaink_atoout accepting such a pledge,' laughed Elsie. : And as at this moment they reached the box, she remained possessor o£ the ?lait word; the lightful herit*ga of her.1 ?sft: '. ....... ?' . ' : :'' -Elsie's brighheyts travelled fraiikilyv all over, the. h^mao, ead speedily oh(serv-;' ed that in e^ery direction operft-pfcese* converged upon the box they eceupiedi T^e house waB,^uite full ; all the bo ^ and stalls, as .wejl M pit and gallery. were crowded, a«d through Lady Sabine inclined her. headin her stately feikion- several times her son knew v. great many, more people tb«i she- did, and; exchanged bows with numerous indivi-, duals io: the boxes and stalls. ?' . ? Lady Sabine rarely attended i-' buffo: performance.. 9er. .fair, delicate, face: which still presented at fifty mroh'of: the beauty of youth, -was often seen at the Lyceum and the Prince of Wales ; butshewaa almost a stranger to th«r Apollo, and only came here to-night to please Sisievwho wanted to see 'every-( thing/' anti knew- from, heaway *l-m* what' this Btyle of thing' waeUke. She -who- was eager to learn, who'; everybody was, and ask questions (witb- the simplicity of a child. ?; She found Lord de Lisle the best or; informants and the most delightful of j companions. He told her the' people's names, and who they were, ? with sometimes an aaecdote, or an, epigram, or some hsppy turnof descrip- ; tion, filling her mind with delight and : wonder ; for, as she said, he aeenied to1 know.everyone and everything. ?? ' Now,' 6he. asked, at length, ' who it that, gentleman in the.stalls, who look ed up to you with such a wicked laugh y ' ' That is Captain Trega?o*j, of the :Life Guardsman old' friend of' mine.^ I shall have the . pleasure of introducing him to you ^presently. Miss Esmond. He is the eldest son of Mr. Tregaron of that iBrin'CoriiwalL'' « One could guess hi* eoufftry by the name; and who iB that man in fhi hut rowofrtdto? H«b»*k£y*aidiiai:'* ifogida Li≤ followed tiu- direction of Elsie's innocent eyes, and his brow contracted slightly. He knew the lady quite -well as a famous burlesque actress; the man seemed about forty — a fair, goOdlooking man evidently a gentle man, but with that in his face which, to the experienced gaze, proclaims the row*. ' That is Langton Desborough,' said the earL Lady Sabine looked, and her lip curved. Sue did not know Deeborough's companion, by sight, but her character ?was manifest to her. at once. Elsie asked — . ' ? M ' What is he ? I don't ii*e his face. . ' My dear,' said Lady Sabine, 'he is not in good society. He is well-connect ed, but has sunk into Bohemia — a con firmed gambler. His house -is really a gambling-house under a transparent viel. He has been the ruin of many a, good man.' ? Elsie's- sunny eye3 were clouded for a moment, and she said — f B«w very shocking ! ' but one could not f'.'--l very unhappy over the ruined fortunes of unknown youths in a pretty theatre, with the anticipations of the fairyland presently to be revealed when that .nagic curtain drew up, and the actual presence oi & handsome, brilliant companion, who paid the most delicate attention, and imparted information in the sweetest of voices. So Elsie turned to the programme. ' I hope this new .dancer is pretty,' *b* said: ' If-She .is I ehall thro* my bouquet at her.' And she Jif tea to her face the little circlet ot choice exotics ' Look how many bouquets there are in the stsJle. But I don't suppose they are for Mademoiselle Caldera.' ' Some are for- Miss Deinorest. She is a great favorite,' said-LordTie Lisle, glancing down into the stalls, and with the ghost of a saile as he met; for s, moment 'hi» ^brother's eyes. He knew ' Daisy' could hot .goVbelow .the surface of his worda. 'Is she? W«1L 1* shall keep my bouquet till I see what Mademoiselle Gaidars; ifc like.' The bell rang, and Fhilip de Lisle settled' himself! with a secret sigh, to nearly two hours of endui\ince, only relieved by the waits, for Ehue was sure to be as absorbed in the opera as he was to be bored by it. Miss Deforest wa* well enough at a Richmond dinner, though vulgar at her best, but she could neither act -or sing to suit the carl's critical jadgiuont, and though the bright eyes of the heroine of the. opera were more often directed to his box than to the actors with whom she divided the stage, he made no pretence of interest in her perform' mance, but sat at graceful ease, leaning his elbow on the front of the box, and his head on his hand, perhaps philoso pbisimg on his young companion's great delight in what was going on; possibly envying- her. ? ''I am very silly to like it, I know,' gaid Elsie, laughing, when the curtain fell on the first act, *s she turned to Lady Sabine; 'but, you see, I am' a novice to theatres. I have seen so few. You and Lord de Lisle are 'used ap' by rthia time, I.should think. Now, do you call Miss Demorest a good actress P ' ' No; critics praise her, but they do not believe what they write. You shall dome with aae on Thursday to the Prince of 'Wales's and iheii' you will really see soine good aeting.' «'Gh thanks! I should THee. trial, Lord de Lisle; do you think any- at th« Bfctiagteret^a'?' ''* . ; Some of it is passible, Miss Esmond.' -? You are so awfuliy particular }* said Elsie- ?' You quite frighten ine. You seem to have seen 1i.ll the actors in the world.', .. ? ; ' 'Dcn't say I frighten you, . ! Miss Esmond, or you will nrnke-me wish 'aH the actorsui the world' had never, been born. You asked my , opinion you know, and 'could I speak anything but t-rpth to a- lady P' Eleie raised her brpws. . .- 'I don't tnink you often do speak truth i» 4 lady,' she retorted, saucily; 'But I don't like Demorest. She is very pretty.or she looks so on the stage ; but she stared at this box continually, and you looked so -indifferent, my lord,. I saw her ix«jwn more than once.' , ** Did she ? ' /said the earl, amused. ''?I am' sorry I cannot get up one pang of remorae' — and he wondered languid ly whether he should find on his table to-morrow an invitation- to Miss 'Demorest's supper party that evening, -Or. sriiher smart abuse for his conduct at the theatre. ' Miss Esmond,' he added, ' I want to introduce to you my friend E«rtie Tregaron,' and he signed tn Treo-aron to come round. \- The young man obeyed, nothing loth, and Elphinstone told him ' not to hang beck if they offered to keep him, for Miss1 Esmond was awfully pretty.' So Captain-Tregaron was introduced a daisy,' and ropui was made for- kiin between, h«r and Lady Sabine, and; that theatre box -became to him fairyland. ' The curtain fell on the last act of the opera, -and Demorest had been recalled onceyand, to her ;chagrin,v only three fcpi*qW«b*d been. [thrown to her. She gj&icte;$i vpp to the earl's box but Captain Esfepiion. made no move to throw .the ma$$' flowers he held. As the actres3 reti^i, he turned laughing to the eart ?eiKor Demorest,' ha said- ?* It is evident that most of .these- bouq^et^^ have be«n bronght '6tf spec,' tik& tons:' If you \rad jouk: J»efe what will £e-^-m6 of them? You must know. Miss ?i^ulon'd,' he added, in exphination, 'de !£ikvg3a-OTa'wa.ger *fe*t'-this Mademoi sella^Sldafa wouttfbe nothing out of ??^Ffestlfion:!' '.eieloJinedl Elsie; 'but 'sj^f^^e yc^'dwagree; whosnall dcaide ?' ?^'^WiUfoV- bdumpire, Miss Esmond?' said the earl, directly ?*Oh';'no— I am no judge.' ??'If you were not, a lady's decision 4?ouM turn dofeat'into victory,' I fcould not decline after such a prefcigr speech,' said Elsie, and lifted her finger as the curtain ran up: then' under her breath, ' Oh how beautiful: ' The stage represented a mountain glade, with- a background of purple wooded hills,- and with the rise of a curtain a troop of ballet girls all flash ing ' a.n-1 gliittering gossamer and spangles' come down to -tB*» front to the sound of a quick dance measure. Then one emerged from among her companions, and taking the centre of the Stage, commenced,-aniid a salvo of applause, a vigorous pas senl. (To be continued.) 