oTr-. . WHAT JANE SAID. V\ Spirits 1 "Wbosfc teat is near the throne, ye ? J SCENTC L jCantam Irs. Fane at supper in their Flat, jjdijfewrfoed fiom the play, and cosily dis cussing it.) Mrs, Fane: Yes,i I liked the play hugely, but I think I like our comfy little supper quite as much ; and really, dear, a flat has great points! I am completely reconciled to it now. No fear of burglars— no running up and down stairs— no draughty passages— and I must say, Claud, we might be in our own house-the peoplc are so quiet. One never hears them, or even meets them— eh, dear? Captain Fane: One certainly never bears them. But " there's no one above us aud no one below ui," is there? Ob, ah! I forgot that beautiful lady with the golden halo that I meet — sometimes— Mrs. F. (excitedly): Oh, do you, Claud? You never told me. "I've beard so much about her ; Fm dying to see her ; and she bts ucb a pretty name— Datura Delofme. Is she. as pretty as her. name? - .B:' v. . Captain F. (nonchalantly) Really, my dear child, I can't say. ;I only glimpsed at herein passing. (Mentally) I must say 1 was not in a hurry to pass. Mral F. : She -has a great many-visitors, I believe, and that is what's so odd, I never meet nor bear them. Cantain F. Yon co out. once in a bine moon: and'hardly ever later than— ; ! Mrs. P.: That's true; but, Claud, : you are wrong. She is not the only. one. Tliere is a man above us, a veiy quiet man ; very- good and all that sort of thing. He never goes out. Captain F.: Dear, dear.!' That's very sad. !; I hope he takes something for It ! - ! :-V'V Mrs. F,: Oh, I don't mean that ; I -'mean be never goes to theatres — " vV , ;..vA Captain F.: Nor even music halU-T r/ ;.'- Mr. F.: Don't beflippaufe! Hr. goesto bed early, and Jane says— Cuptaiu F.: My dear ! You surely don't gos sip with the servants about our co-flatters? Mrs. F. : Of course not, Claud, but Jane i uoh an old servant, and I oannot lielp.her gossiping with me, can I? Captain F. : You know best, dear, Mrs. F. : Have you only just found that out? Captain Fj WeH, not exaotly, but I don't1 alway say whafc'I think— Mr. F. : Or think all you say? Captain F.: My dear child, you are gettiug out of your depth. Mia. F.: No, my deat boy, your still waters don't run very deep, and they are pretty trans parent, ; Captain F. : Thanks; but— ;what< did Jane tell you about the fair Datura? Mrs. F.: Fie! I am- ashamed of you ! I thought you bad a sou! above servant's gossip ! Captain F.: So I have. But "Jane's such an old servant,'!1, you know, and generally speak words of .wisdoin. She's perfection— morally . I mean, nbVpbyBically. Why should suchexcel- lentiyoung Women be so wide and flat, aud have '»imb3arge feet ? -__ ! ' Mrs. F.: My dear Claud, it's procidentia!. Captain F.: Less likely to trip,' ah ? "But— Twfit did Jahexaay.?;L._i:iftr. . Mra. F;: It you'say suoh horrid things about her— - ' Captain F. : I won't— tell me what she said about the fair — Mrs. F.: Miss Delorroe ? . Captain F. : Oh, abe's a Miss is she ? I fancied she was a widow ? Bin. F. : What on earth, made you think that ? Captain F.: Can't think— didn't thiobnfy" brains are too busy solving the rhyatetybRtbeso. sandwiches ; what the deuce are tney made'of ; —pig or goose? ./ / 7 airs. F.: Neither, and I decline 'to reveal tlid' secrets of the kitchen. Captain F. (coaxingly): Yes, you 'will ; at any rate you will tell me what Jane siiid— - Mrs. . F. (thawing): Don't interrupUtben-f j you never oan keep to tho main point. Know! then that tho roan above is very religious, and Janeaayfl — v/Mpbmii j?, i cn , gu uu. Mrs. ,F. (freezing again) : Not if you are going .to ridicule every thingT sHy, Capt'ain;F;VRidioule? I dont see anything the least ridiculouayet,' '' Why shouldn't the man be religious if he likeB-does Janu objeot ? ; Mrs. F. : Ratffer. -vYou see he's low ohurch and Jane is the blglieVtof, the high, ' Captain F.: Indeed ! I ain.sorry to hoar that I ought to have known tlili'before. '. Mrs. F.j Why ? . Captain F. : Because I should not have taken this flat. Mrs. F. : My dear Claud, what has the flat to do'wlth religion ? Captain F.: Very. little, I fear, You plumb deeper than I thought, my child, Mrs. F.j Don't be absurd I Do tell me what you ore driving at ? \- Captain F.: I never drive — if I oan help it. Get omnipotent golf out of your mind for onoe —till to-morrow, there's a good girl. I am talking about — flats, Mrs. F. Oh, what li tease you are ! : And pray what -have flats- to- do- with - high- and- low oil u rob ? . Captain F. : A great deal, I am sorry to say. All tho ohurches roifnd hero are broad,- and you really ought t o have consulted 1 Janet 'How j eould I dream that so broad and squat a body could cootain so elevated a soul ! Width at Mr. F.: Ob do atop, or I will not tell you f what Jane said— I don't, think I will any wsy i (rising) ; it ls . impossible! tofUalk to a njan who won't be terioua for one jnocoent. I am goiog to bed. | CaptainF.: Nodon't. That'showioglnimuc. I hate animtt in anybody's wife— etpfclally my; own. Sit down. I must have a smokej; aud do tel! me what Jane said— (bell rings furiously, grest clatter of feet on stairs, shouting, Ac.. Mrs. F. : Ob, Clattd. do be quick; the ser vants are in bed ; you must answer the door ; what can it be ; something very had ;fat this time of nigh ; oh, do be quick ! Perbap the bou-eis ou fire. ;I am .»urc I smell smoke. Be quick. O what a time you are 1 | ; - \ Captaio P. (rising leburely) : My dear child,' becalm; .2 am. I am goiog. (Goes. Mrs F. following excitedly, he opens door— no. one! Front door baugs loudly.) There youseql I told you there was no one there. - ' ; , 31riF. : You did nothing of the kind! How can you tell such stories. ; Captaio F.: Easily. I have a fertile imagina tion. and if you were as keen a thought reader as you assert— j . Mrs. F. : I asserted nothing 1 ' Captain F. : Pardon me, my dearest, you said the house' was on- fire, iu fact -you were sure Mr-. F.: Ob do be quieV! What then do you think was the matter ? CaptainF.: I don't know, but it was the matter in the wrong place, and it rang our bell. Mrs. F. : Doe your fertile imagination lead you to think it was ghosts ? Captain F.: It was spirits certainly, high spirits probably. .. : -Mrs. F.: ' But 'spirits don't slam doors or ring. \v,'. CaptainF.: No knocking is more in their lioe, and as. a rule tbey don't cotne from above but from below. Birs. F. : Wei! ic is a roost extraordinary thing, you - must own to that ? CaptainF.: I do. I hope it will remain so; I prsfer ordinary things as a rule. Mrs. F.: You mu»t speak to the porter to morrow. - CaptainF.: Certainly, I always do. I never miss passing the time of day, as Jane says. By- the bye you' were just going to tell me what Jane said. Mrs. F. : I shan't now. lam too angry with you. CaptainF.: Whydear child ? Mrs. F.: Because you make fun of every thing, and you never take any trouble about anythiog serious, like this for instance. CaptainF.: Come now, what is there serious about this ? Be reasonable dear . child, be reasonable. Mrs. F. : Supposing it had been a fire, and we had been burned in our beds. Captain F. : I don't see how that could have been, unless we had got into them for that pur pose. Blrs. F.:. Don't talk in that cold blooded way please; (Going) Captain F.: Don't go, I will be good, I will be serious, only cotne back and tell me what Jane— —(the closing door arrests his farther speech). - - SCENE IL ' (Next moraine. Captaio Faneputting on'over- : oust in vestibule. Blrs. -Fane in elose atten- \- d«bce.)J . M«. F. : Don't forget to ask the porter about 'last-night, Claud. . 1/ have spoken to the ser vants and Jano 'saya7-(but Captain F. is already halt way down: the staira). How tiresome of Claud! . He . never waits to hear what I have -to say— always in such a hurry — though he only goes J to that stupid old olub and sits in that rihtik'e,' no wonder he's -getting the color of a kippered heiring ! I'll send Jane to the porter to tell him he must prevent a recurrence of la«t night's— (enter Jane). Jsiis, I want you to go and find out from the porter the cause o« that runaway ring last night. T told your master, but he may forget — and .really— unless we make a furs they will do it again.. 7- Jane, (with a .tors of her liesd) : Oh ; I know well enough who did it, some of Miss Delorme's young men— nephews indeed. Regular radicals I call them, shouting and tinging for all the world as if the place belonged to them. I don't hold with these new-fangled Flats — it's my belief Fists ari n't respectable— but there— the master must know what he's doing or he wouldn't have brought uh here. . Mrr. F.: Of course not, Jane, the Flat's all right. ' Jane : Is it ? Exouse me, BI'm, that's all you know abuut it, and blrts your innocent little soul,- that's all you ought to know about it— but .i—I know better, ond in my opinion, it's as dark and smelly as the parson nays a place that it ain't nice to mention is— and certain am I — it's as notsy. Never a wink of Bleep do I get all night'through them 'busHes. I wish the horses could strike like Christian- — that I do. It's shameful sever giving them no rest week days nor Sundays neither, and then them nephews of Bliss Delorme's— call herself a lady. I'd nephew them if they weru mine. (Jane pauses for breath.) Mrs. F. : Now, Jane, just run down aud find out exaotly who it was, and tell the porter to go to Mi»s Dolortna and tell her it must not happeu agaio — or the maatet — (pauses, for she knows that Jane also, knows the master's talont for masterly Inactivity),;. Exit Jauo rapidly, SCKNE III. '(flaine evening. Captain and -Mrs, Fane at /dossyt.) BlrsF. (eagerly) : At last we are alone. You came in late'a? usuui, so I have had no time iu "t6)lfyoju aboutjlast night. Cftptaiu/Fi (peeling pear slowly) : Last night? ._MrH..F£t Yya ; last night. I believe you have yotjanlhtiorgotten nil about tlmt boll ringing episw&-Don't deny it. I see it in your face. What you men think abuut never to remember anything— Captain F. : We never think, so we huvo nothing to remember. Fault lies with the crammers— they forced us — and you know forced plants— Mrs, F. : Oh, it's all very well to lay it on them. How you get along rit all puzzles me, ns you never take any trouble nbout anything. Of course you never said one word to the porter? Captain F. : Yes, I did. Mrs. F. (delightedly surprised): What did you say ? Captain. F. : I said — ho had forgotten to ole&n; my sp&tH.; Bits. F. : OIi, Claud! And was that all ? Captain IF.; All? Of course it was. You wouldn't have had mo swear at the fellow, would you ? Blrs. F, : Ob, how tiresomoyou are, yon know I don't mean that. Didn't you apeak to him about last night? CAptain F. : About last night? No-o— why should 1 1 He can go to tho play himself— ho doesn't want mo todesoribo my impressions— surely. (A pause). Come, don't bo stuffy, Kitty,' there's a good girl." I reallywlll spealr to the porter. Forgive me this once. Blrs. F. : I am always forgiving ; seems to mo it's the one occupation of married life, on tho wife's side. Captain F.: And what occupation can be sweet i ? It is turely better than being forgiven, speaking forniyself, at least. . ... Mrs. F.: Then don't do anything that wants forgiving. Captain F.: Rather insipid, as Uncty Dick said, " some, perrons' commit follies, sotns com mit' crime«; j' beli«y«there are a miserable few who, commit what preciouk slow iomjiaby ' thejf "mu«£: TO;J"Cbme; a truce (waving 'dinner napkin). Flog ufjtroce always respected in warfateyyu knubr! - what; were you going to tell me ?/;, ; _ 7!T. V. j . Mrs.. P.: Give me that "pear, its too good for you, TbanWyVell, its a long story. |l sent Jan to the porter,' told her to say you would make s fur's if our bell wsfc ruog again. ? CApiain F. : I should rather think so, nbem ! Well ? ; i. Bfi-. F.: Well, porter vrent strajgbt to Miss Delorme— '"CAptain F.: Bold mau ! ; 7 ' r Bits. F.: And told her straight out her nephews, had rung our bell most diigract fully, and thatyou Veie;yery:angry and.— j Captain F.: Yes."; 7 . Blrs. F. (mothering a laugh): And Misa pelpruie'>tared; and then got angry too. ; t Captain F. : Good woman. ' . - v Mrs. F.: Yei-. but waitJ She was furious, not with' her'nephewv; but with the porter. Captain. -F.;. Four- man. That's always the way ; yon women have no seose of justice. : Mrs. F.: Be quiet, or I will tell you no more, and please lei your sense of justice keep you from judging us until you have beard all. It seems B!i» Delorme's nephews bad not been there at all that evening. Captaiu F. : Bad nephews. But who bad — Mr.. F.: No one ! Captain F. : But who rang our bell then ? Bits. F.: Didn't you say they were spiritB. Well, for once you were right. CaptainF.: Ab (boldiog wine glass to light), that's a rare treat. But (drinking off conttuu), explain pleae; I'm still at sea. Mr. F.: Well, the porter then went to the man above— — Captain F.: Which man? 1 Mrs. F.: Ob, don't be stupid — the one above us, who never goes out — not the one above Miss Delorme. He never has any one to see him, and he never complains— he has only the roof above Arm you know— no he can't be disturbed. Captaio F.: Odd, I thought sound ascended, it used to when I was at "the shop." Mr. F.: Well, it descended for once, when our bell tang. But to continue, ahem ! Tho porter apologised to the man above— our man — aud instead of his gettiug furious as usual with Bins Delorme's nephews, he got red and looked silly. For it was he— the recluae — who bad had friends to dine— an unwonted piece of dissipation and — Captain F.: Ah ! now I begin to see land. Capital, capital Spiritual friends— of course. (Enter servant with a note). Mrs. F. (looking over bis shoulder) : A strange band— and a note too— do open quick 1 Captain F. (leisurely slips knife into envelope, draws out note and reads slowly): "Dear sir grieved beyond measure to hear you Buffered annoyance from my friends last night. .....two middle aged barristers in large practice." Um-mnice gentlemanly t-urt of note (reads). " I may add— that I specially desired them not to disturb any one—' . Hum —"Go home like respectable devils in pe«ce, and don't . lark with the watch or annoy the police." Mrs. F. (who has -resumed her seat, esgvtly drinking in every word): You don't menu to say that the old man has dtopped into poetry? Captain F.: Not likely— don't you /know Ingoldsby when you hear him ? Mrs. F. : Mamma never would let us tead him. But— Claud, it is a nice note, and \oti tnuNt answer it at ouce and say we didn't; timid iu the lea»L 7/J . Captain F.; Quite 80, and to fact we , should like it to occur again, eh, dear? Mrs. F, : You wouldn't mind ! (getting blotter, pen and ink). There, Claud, write at onoe— befuto you get sleepy— you know you will never do it unless you do it now , , Captain F.: What a little fidget you are ! A fellow can't write after a good dinner, and fizz, and— a row with his wife. Let me do it to morrow at the olub— Mm. F. : Never ! Do it at onoe and I'll send Jnoe up with it — to put the poor roan out of bis misery. Fancy— when it is he i who haw always made a fuss— to have his own friends turn and rend him ! ; \ : Captain F.: Wouldn't give much for; those bouuding barristers' chance of another dlnnet — in the realms above— us, Blrs. F. (imperiously) : Write— or— CAptain F. : Well, if I must, I must — but don't for heaven's sake look over me. Mr>. F. (goiug towards fire) : Yery well, only write a nice note like a dear boy (mentally) like a fchoul boy rather ! Captain F. (scratches away for a few minutes, then mumbles, cigar in tnoutb) : Here, will this do? (reads) : — "Dear Sir, I am obliged for your note. I assure you no apology was needed." Blrs. F. : O Claud ! how can you say so?' Captain F.: Because it wasn't—/ didn't waut one — shouldn't have bad to write thi«: rot — doo't interrupt again please, or I'll ohuck the whole thing into the fire. (Reads) "Of course boys will be boys, and barristers will bo barristery, And we cannot expoot ! from barristers, especially when they are in: large practice, the staid and subdued manners we are accustomed to in tho army. I am, dear sir, yours, Ac., &c.;" (Complacently folding uoto and closing cuvelope) " There, say Thank you, hubby dear." Blrs. F. (aghast) : But— you aren't going to send that? I.m't it rather like running down his friends ? Captain F. (ringing bull) : Running them down ? I should rather like to havo run them iu; they did the running down themselves, AU well! spirits generally return to the lower rcgiuus with a great deal of noise, and leave & smell of brimstone behind thorn,; l'er- hapa that was what you smelt when you uiougtic tiie nouso wns on nroT (Enter Jano.) Jane — pleaao take that note to Mr Barlook's flat. There's no answor. 5 Jauo : Yea, sir. (Exit Jano.) Captain F. (Putting arm affectionately round his wife's waist.) : Iiy-tho-bye, Kitty, you never told me what Jane said. JAQUKS DB BQYS. 