4 ONE LAW FOR ALL Br LADY COOK, nee TENNESSK C. CLAFLIN Our glorious cause is like that grain of mustard seed which, once sown, grew into a noMo tree, whose projecting branches overshadowed the whole earth. W« have had too many instances during the past ytar of the unequal conditions which customs and laws apportion to women. Cases have occurred, and very recently, in which husbands have slain the seducers of their wives. In each, apart from its merits,|the slayer was generally applauded. In the last recorded, he waa acquitted by H jury, and left the court exulting in his pet. But, let a woman kill the female seducer of her husband, let her shoot, poison, or stab his mistress, and she becomes a common malefactor for whom judge, jury, and society have neither admiration nor pity. Plaudits for the • nan, the Bcaffuld or penal servitude for the woman. ISOW, we do not advocate that women should be permitted to murder. We simply point out the different meed of "justice" awarded to each for a precisely similar oOTcr.ee. Again, everyone knows or ought to kii<>/r that it is a common thing for a man io have one or more mistresses on whom he bestows his attentions and his wealth. S'>me people talk as if this wcr^ only a Continental practice. Would to God it were. But the chief difference is that here men have their mistresses secretly, and on the Continent opeuly. In both t places they ketp a wife for profit or reputation and a mistress for pleasure. The wife is encouraged to econom ze, the mistress to be extravagant. And often the m:stre<ss can only be afforded through the careful expenditure of the wife. Nor is this confined to worldlings. How many a canting hypocrite goes through the little farce of religious observancesjand home decorum during one part of the day, and is locked in the nrms of a lewd women for the remainder ? If Asmodaus would lift the heuse-roofs for us during any twentyfour hours of the year, and permit us to look down on all going en in this great city, what do my readers thiuk they would see 1 But if presumably reputable women took to polyandry, what would be said of them 1 Or even if one depraved and aborretit creature so sinned, would not society throughout the length and breadth of thia Christian country atone her till she died ? Women made allowances for the failings of men. How are these kindnesses reciprocated ? Wives are con- stantly seen to their husbands in all misfortunes that may befall them. Their large hearted nebs and loyalty impel them to follow with true sympathy even to the foot of the gallows. This is all as it should be. But let a husband stand by his wife in her errors and crimes, let him sit near to watch aver her say in a court of justice, when she stands a prisoner, and the world will wonder how any modern man could be so foolish or so chivalrous. What is expected from a woman surprises us in a man. The mam who is unfaithful to his wife looks to her for forgiveness. Her charity covereth a multitude of sins. Rarely doss she remain ebriurate to his expressions of penitence and amendmont, and her generosity is very frequently tested. But the sinning woman expects no pity, because it is so seldom accorded. For her to fall is to be condemned, aud to be condemned is to be expelled from home, husband, children and caste. What shall we say then to these things ? Is it from her inferiotity or from man's injustice, and the far more due! injustice of woman to woman, that what is venial in the one is as the bin against the Holy Ghost in the other ; that what is loyalty in the woman is meanness in the man ; and that he may with impunity do that daily which would be moral and social death to her to do once in a lifetime. We protest against the assertion of her inferiority. At each point her conduct proves the contrary, and other circumstances give force to our argument. We would by no means excuse immorality in a woman any more than in a man. But we plead for equality of judgement. 4nd we protest against the loathsome hypocrisy that publicly requires women to be chaste and privately dehauchss them when opportunity occurs. W* protest against the law whieh divorces a wife for adultery but refuses to divorce the husband for the like offence. We protest against all systems of morality which are m>di6ea by sex, and against all legislation which refuses a complete separation lo those who are divided in heart, and whose legal union is rendered intolerable through mutual weariness, opposing sympathies, disgusting habits* or general incompatibility. Such couples are already divorced by the eternal law of nature, a law superior to any formulated by priest or layman. The existing marriage law. the laws of primogeniture, bastardy, and inheritance, are so framed that, instead of being moral safeguards, they offer the greatest incentives to immorality. We are wise in many sciences, strong in invention, and rich in discovery. But the one of most importance, Social S:ience, has comparatively few students, and is little understood or regarded. We require searching and thorough examinations of canditates for any office of our public departments, from a rural postman to an attache,' but from those who make the laws .and rule the Empire we demand no proof of knowledge nectssary to their function*. A prosperous butterman from Cork, an inexperienced scion of a wealthy house, or a youthful candidate of a great one, a butcher, baker, grocer, ploughman, or raw mechanic, is as eligible for the suffrages of parliamentary constituencies as the most devoted student of social science, as a Caires, a Mill, or a Spencer, and perhapi would stand a fairer chance ef election. Thus the vote ef an ignoramus may nullify that of a philosopher ; the shallow—who are always most numerous—may sweep tho profound ; the superficial men of narrow vestry ideas outvote those whose penertration is deepest and their views wider than the wants of a class, It is no wonder, then, when any bigot, faddist or tyro, who can worm himself into tho House of Commons, becomes at one s fullblown legislator, that our laws are often conflicting, unreasonable, and .unjnst; that our foreign policy is a game at shillyshally, and our home policy a constant wobbling from reason to unreason. Good government requires clear and nndeviating views of equity and social needs. In this way alone can we be strong abroad and happy at home. If those who legislate for the education of the masses would also apply a necessary educational test for themselves, the House might become a most powerful lever for the elevation of society. We want men of cultured mind and noble independance in our Houses of Parliament, and especially in the Lower House, and not mere owners of wide acres or big bank balances, nor graedy brewers and lawyers making " M P." a stepping-stone to personal ambition and sacrificing the country to party exigencies. The women voters of New Zealand have just given us an object lesson and shown how men ought to vote. When it shall have been learnt here, our cause will bs full of fruition, and our moral perceptions will be cleansed of the errors that now cloud them. Immorality and injustice will no longer flourish under specious names, nor that be thought good in a man which would be evil in a woman. There must be one law for all, one rule of right, one measure of capacity, and privileges to stx and sex alike 