SODAT.1W OF THE CON FRATERNITY. Concert at St. Joseph's. The members of the above Sodality gave a snceessful variety and .dramatic concert at St. Joseph's Hall on Monday evening last, which was well attended The Bohemian orchestra, underdirec uon ui jjjlt. w. jjttue, openeu proceed ings by playing BlaHfcbtean's 'Cleo- patra ' in first-class, style. Miss S. j Scotson sang ' It was a dream,' in a manner which found favor with the audience. Mr. Y. Cameron contrib uted ' The wolf,' which was capitally rendered. Miss Florence Fitz Gerald's singing of 'Annie Laurie' was first class, and she had to bow her acknowledgements to the audience in response to repeated calls. Mr. G. H. Nedwell's recital of 'The bachelor tax,' deservedly earned an encore. Miss Farradell sang ' Eillarney ' in a pleasing manner, and Mr. H. Blenkarn did full justice to the song, 'Out. on the deep.' The- first part was con-, eluded by/ a representation of the chambers scene feom -Uie -tragedy of *?' XTamie$jw 'lir. '-G. S. Nedwell, as Hamlet, gave a capital rendering of the part, and Miss C. Milton as the vjuceii ui ? ji'iimn.rK, was a genuine success. The minor parts of Polonius - and the Ghost of Hamlet's father, were creditably played by Messrs. L. and D. H. Dureau respectively. After the usual interval, the second portion was opened by the Bohemian Orchestra with a capital rendering of Felix Bums' well-known waltz, ' Trip away,' which richly merited an encore. The one-act comedy ' A rough dia mond,' which was played by the Sodality Dramatic Club for the first time, was then presented. The. piece bristles with humorous sayings and smart repartee, and the embarrassing situations which husband and wife find themselves in, successfully appealed to the risible faculties of the audience. Margery, the precocious wife of Sir William Evergreen, found a graceful and altogether charming representative ] in Miss Annie Bafter. Her- naive j manner and ouaint savings were i greatly appreciated by the audience, and she is to be congratulated on the thoroughness with which she entered into the part. Mr. D. Dureau, as Sir William, played the part in his usual painstaking style, - his enunciation being especially good. Mr. J. Ward, as Lord Plato, admirably portrayed the pomposity of manner common to 1 ? .3- J..1, ? 1—1. — ? ? lUiUS) uufc.es, u-um ma.nagci.Oj ueuu collectors and others of that ilk. Mr. J. Lynch, as Cousin- Joe, created roars of laughter with his comical say ings and admirable by -play. His kissing of Lady Evergeen was worth going a long way to witness. The ' smack ' with which Joe saluted her ladyship could be heard in Beach street. Mr. L. Bureau, as Captain Augustus Blenheim did due honor to the part, and Miss Bose Kennedy, as the servant, had little to do, but did 1 that little well. lady Plato fbttnd ji, : capable ^representative in Miss B. ( Kennedy. - The piece, which was pro- 1 duced under the sole direction of Mr. G. H. Nedwell, professor of elocution, was splendidly played. 