THE TWIN SISTERS. CHAPTER XXX. MORE DELAY. The little wooden clock ou the mantel, with n" llytrap of ciit paper, iu green and pink, woven around its face, had struck eight the nost morning, r.iid still Mrs Alroyd sat behind tlio coiToo tray, iidgetiug impatiently with the spoons. "She is generally pretty regular,' said Mrs Alroyd. * 1 don't sco what mslccs her no i:itc this morning. 1 can't sit here, all day, any way. Jlere, I'riseill;:,' to her maiden sistor, who helped to keep house, and took in dreseinakiiig besides, 'just 3-011 sit here, to keep JJri'lget from pickiii' in the sugar, while I run up .staire to Miss Morten's room. She must have overslept herself.' Sirs A Iroyd knocliedat the curlasned ]ai!O of glass, iirst gently then noisily. * My patience,' thought Mrs Alroyd, ' who on airth is she talkiu r to?' Aud then, driven by desperate im patience, Mrs Alroyd opened the door and went iv. 'Mi !:s Morten! Why, bless and save us, s!:? ain't up yet! 150 you sick this moriiiu'r , ?Is it, your' sho asked, softly. 'I thought it was my grandmamma in tho Mr? Airoyd looked around %vith s jiervous start. ' 'J'horo's no one in the room hut our two selves,' she said ; ' but who was you talkiu to when I knocked?' * 1 ?js not talking, , Gertrude replied, smiling; 'I was thinking; but I did uoi speak." ' Thoughts is pretty loud at times, then,' said Jim Alroyd, shrugging her shoulders. * Come, ain't yon going to get up and have somo breaking 'i' * 1 tried to get up,' .said Gerteude, nicoKly. and then tho room swam all around mc, and i fell hack 011 the pillows. And my head aches—oh, it ache.i mo hard !" ' llavo Home tea," said Mrs Airoyd. ' Sα,' said Gertrude; 'it will'bo better soon, I think ; it was that long walk down the very edge, of the canal, and we stood side by side, and saw our own shadows rellected. 110 said it was the spirits of the water coming up to I-jok nt us. Wasn't it a pretty idea?' " Good gracious !' cried Mrs Airoyd ; * what are you talking about?' " 15ut you mustn't tell her,' said Gertrude, suddenly grasping Mrs Alro\d't> arm, with energy that made tho good woman start back. ' Promise mc you won't tell iiK!:r' ' Dear mc! dear mc !' cried the land lady, wringing her hands, '.she's madder than the .March hare '. Il's small-pox, or typhoid fever, or something c'so dreadful.' i'rissy. Prissy' There, there, my dear!' to Gertrude, lie down again, and bs quiet, that's a dear one!' ' You arc going to deceive mc ! You have not promised vet :' persisted Gertrude, with burning eyes and crimson cheeks. " Yes, yes—l promise ! Anything to keep you quiet!' said Mrs Alroyd. ' Prissy" to her sister, who had gone upstairs on hearing her frightened call, * tor thedoetor. .Miss Morion's ill.' ' What's t'ie:uatler?" cried Priscilia, peeping over her sister's shoulder. " Why, she's crr./.y, and 1 do believe it's the spotted ioicr, or some o" them malignities !' cried Mrs Alroyd. " I >id ever poor woman have such Itick as mc ' There won't he a boarder stay in the hoii.Mvaml mc just hired it for another year!* * Don't, be- silly!' said Priscilia, leisurely tying 011 her bonnet. ' I daresay it isn't nothing hut a hys tericky spell; hut you was al.vays frightened it a cricket jumped.' And away went Priseilla, presently rcturniug with tho nearest druggist's assistant, a lanky young man in spectacle.-) and very s'iabhv garments. To Mrs Alroyd's intend relief, he pronounce*! it nothing more than the natural consequences of overwork, reacting on a constitution ii.iturallv delicate, a::d impaired by recent ill ness. " ."isie'il do well enough,' he said, " if you'll see th:it she. takes these draughts and powders regular! v, ami keep her perfectly quiet.' ' Hut she's deliriius.' cried the trembling .Mrs Alroyd. : .Let her talk, and don't contiadict her,' said the druggist's assistant putting on his hat. ? She'll soon get over it. You'll keep as still as possible, won't yon, ?-liss—Miss * ? Morton, , suggested Prisciiia. 'Miss Morton, because yon know, you'll get weil all the quicker,' soothed the lanky young man. *>.'o,' said Gertrude, gravely; "I must get up and go to him." * You mustn't do anything or the kind,' said the young man. " Who's " Ah!' cried Gertrude, clasping both hands over her eyes, ' You v.aut to pry" into my secrets and discover it all"; hut you shall not. I will not tell a word !'* ?All right—all right,'' said the young man. 'Justt'ou see that she takes the powders as quick as they come, Miss Priscilla, and don't let her be disturbed. As for her getting up, of course that's all moonshine' The druggist's assistant took his leave accordingly, and no t-noner had his footsteps clied away on the stairs than Gertrude sat up in bed. 'Give mc mv dress, Miss Priscilla, , she s:id. ' Quick ! before the dread ful faint ness comes over mc again. You are :t woman, anil you have a woman's heart—you will help mc ! Don't let her come uear me,' and she glanced distrustfully at Mrs Alroj'd. \- Well, if I ever! , "cried that lady. ' Mho is cross, and ugly, aud old, :uid her skin crackles when she niove3 like away from the landlady; ' but you are f tnoro mcrcii'ul. You will help tne " 1 ' Help yotj to do what V* aekcJJMiss I Friiieilhi,"moved by the girl's voice u£ I carnoit entreaty. ? 'Togo to him—my husband.' j ? I'oor dear, lie down again,' coaxed ?-I'riscilla. 'You hain't got no hus band—you're n i:iugio woman, like use.' 'That is all you know about it,' eaid Gertrude, bitterly. 'X havo a huiiband, asid .1 ivedding ring, tou, but I lost it—you know when —when there v/cs that dreadful erenh, and fall,.and v.l.on—oh, my head, my head!' And idle sank bar!; almost insensible. ' There!' naitl Mrs Alroyd ; ' She'll ki! : herself i J you let her go on so. Didn't the doctor tell you to keep her MUiet?' ' Well, ivliat can a body do ?' pleaded Miss lYiscilla, 'Slic's so innocent and soft-spnkcii like, you can't snub he: - 1:0 uiore'll you could a baby.' 'Oh, pshaw!' said Mrs Alroyd; * she's as ctrar.y' as Bedlam, and you're nigh as had for listening to her. I teA you what, I'rissy, you'll have t bring your sewiii* up here and sit.' ' Well, I'll do that,' said good natured Prisoilla- 'Poor creatur', I feel vtirv sorry lor her. Aud no did Mrs Alroyd, in spile of the depreciatory adjectives that poor Gertrude had bestowed on her. ? They're inoro'ii half true," thought Mrs Alroyd, :is s!jO went doivn to her necieeted breakfast-table, ' and if tljcy wassj't, why aho ain't to ba held re sponsible for all she'says just now. 1 won't lav it up against her; anyivay.* -ixiiM I'riscil'r. expected a trouble some time of it with her patient; hut Gertrude feetiied to have forgotten all about her anxious desire to go .some i wli::rc, when nhe resumed her neat at thb girl's betlwiile. She talked in erssaiitly. sometimes c-oiiiprehenaibly aometime.s i:ot, but about people and things of wliuiii Miss Priscilia had never heard, aud towards evening ahe grew quieter. 'How still she ties!' thought the I good-hearted dress-maker, as she j leaned over her to watch Gertrude's j pah; face ou v/hich the gaslight ] flickered yelloivly. 'And nhe don't j hai-dly brt-atho ! She might alip out !of tho world at any minute now, aud I nobody be the wiser for it.' j The* second day Gertrude lay in a j kind of stupor, disturbed by occasional I bu:'->!s of incoherent talk; but the I crisis once orer, k!ic began gradually ! to improve. j ' Have 1 been very Kick ?' she asked i Mi? Priscilia, when she ha-1 realized tho position of affairs. ? Well, I wouldn't like to be no worse,' said tliat lady, iiodilinu her j htT.d over the emery-bag, as sUo drew a rusty needle through and through i "? j ' Slut I am better jiow ? ?Of courso you are. Good heavens ! if you could oak' have heard yourself tafk ?' i fertrude glanced suddenly up, with : apprehensive) eyes. ! " i)id I talk much?' i ' 1 guess you did," answered l'ris- I " About what ?" j 'That's thu ijucore:;t of all,* said j M:ss t'riscin.i, iaugliiug. ' You was I ju-;t wild to bo let got up, so you cj:iii! go to your liusijand.' ' To my husband," Gertrude breathed shcrt au"d fast. ' 15ut that—that was ! bt-'-aus? I was delirious.' ' 'Oi course it was," assented iier j co::ipai:ion, ' 1 iiimn well enough ihere ! wasn't no sucii person, and I Ut'ul you *?>, hut you stoo.l 4>ut there was, ami that you" had a iveddiiig-ring once, but lost. i"t.' And M'isx Priscilia throw back her he.sd and laughed lotig and louil. Ger truJ': tried to huigli with her—but there was little merit in the sound, of her voice. ? IFotvever,* slid Miss Priscilia, 'veu're tloiti* fatuously low, and you c;;:i go out to Aladamo Clarice's again in three if \\-ou're careful, the doctor says.* ' Not before three ? oh !' cried Ger tr::.ie, half starting out of her position of repose. ' I must, I must' VTou do: 't know hmv much depends on it.' ? Xo-.v don't ttorrv,' raid 3liss JL'ris ciU::, soothingly. '"They're getting on nicely withoutVou. I s ?lav before yesterday, and she's sorry vu'ii'ro ill, but faoriea you'll be better ? Hut ' Gertrude's voice broke down. ? Xmv vota're cry in* again—dear, dear, that "ain't the* way to get well, fveep quiet ami don't fret. Why, you couldn't walk across the iloor without gettin' all of a tremble and vou'rw white as a gliost. You won't gain nothin' by liurryin' matters.' And Gertrude was obliged to con cede to herself that then: waa much good sense in what Miss I'riscilla said. 8lu; must wait yet the thrco days— would there be no end to these sicken ing delays ? JSometimcs she felt as if sU?: must see Victor, at whatever risk, and cast the burden of her feara, her tri:?ls. aud her solitude, on tho lie-art tvi'.ich was bound to sustain and cherish her. ' Misa I'riscilla,' slie said, in one of these tits of wild yearning, * would 3"ou please get mc a bit of paper and a pencil and an envelope? i waut to write a note.' Miss Priscilia brought the various articles, together with a damaged atlas, to serve by way ox a writing de?U— but Gertrude, after bitting sonio time wiih the paper before her, laiifc* it I r,u!etly ou tbo bed, closing her weary " ? Why, you nin't writ nothin*,' said Miss Priscilia. craning her long nock to see the spotless sheet of paper. 'No, , said Gertrude, quietly. 'I have changed my osiud.' ' I never was'iio great letter writer myself,' said Miss I'riscilla, sym pathetically —and T'irs Alroyd, coming nj- at that moment with a bowl of iiL-.-f-tea, the tjuestion of corrtv pondence tvat; dropped. Gertrude nto .-vml drank, equally without appetite or remonstrance, whatever was set before her, and, ' thanks to Sirs Alroyd's nutritious concoctions of chici:e?-tea, beef broth, and nourishing'tit-bits, her Ktrength returned to her rapidly—.it least a BulUcieuey or strength to warrant her ?joing out unco more. On the fourth day—a brco/.y morning, with while clouds chaiiiifj each other oscr th& blue concave of the slcy, she dressed herwclf sloTV'ly, and not without uiany pauses. ' Are you suro you're > to venture on the walk ?' said JHiss i'ri.sc-illa. ' Quite bare,' Gertrude replied. ' Let mc go with you ?' ' But Gertrude declined this offer, and set bravely lorta l?y herself. C?!.M'TEB X-VXi. the sovxii fir Avi:i>uiNi; i;ki.i.s. What a glorious winter morning it was ! Kven Gertrude, weak in body, and dispirited in mind, could feel its invigorating influences as ahe walked slowly: alon;;. There was :l iirinly picked body of snow in to middle of the street, although every vestige of it had long been removed from the pavements, and merry bells went by, while fringes of iciek;* hung from iron balcony rails and stately eaves. The cold glittering Hiiubhinc seemed to brighten every thing up, although it was scarcely warmer than the reflection of an Arctic iceberg; anil the frc*h wiiul, high charged with oxygen, mvept by with a touch of saline vigour in its breath. "Am 1 far from Lowiides-P')uare ?' a-d-ed Gertrude, timidly, of a giant policeman, who. with hi.s !i::iiuh in his [nickels, was seemingly intent on watching the stream of wheeled and uncovered vehicles sweeo l>v towards the lark. ' Half-a-dozen streets furder on," said the policeman without looking rosmiJ. Ilalf-s-dozen Mtreels! Gertrude's heart sank, and her over-wearied muscles almost refused to support her. Shu could not ride, for she had not taken the precaution to carry any muner with her, and with slow, uneven stops ?he pruned onward, almost wish ing that hlsc had accepted 31iss t'ris cllla's offer of companionship, .fust at that moment the bony ar:a of the spinster to lean upon would have been an indescribable comfort. Hut she consoled herself with the rejection tiiatshe should soon be there, and tniU'd on up the broad, brilliant thoroughfare, which was all alive with peoplo. In her unsophisticated innocence, Cxertrudo wondered if it were not some gala day; but no one noticed her. an?l she was grateful for this obscurity. A street or so farther on sh? came to a church—a stately mass of gns:iite, with its turreled spire, .seeming to point upwards into the dazzling Glut', into whose wideoped portals people were hurrying, while the street iv front was nearly blocked ni> by car riages, which extended round the corner in an unbroken line. looked longingly under the arched doors, with a yearning for some place to rest, and the sick giddiness which crept with alternate flush atid thrill through her frame decided the matter. ? I could not sii Jmv:t o;? the fcerb sttjiie t;> rest,' she thought, pressing her hand to hvr .side, * but the gates oE God's house are open to all. Xo body will see mc if I creep in hero to rest for a few minutes. , A man standing iv tho duorv.ar with a knot of white ribbons in his button-hole, looked hard at her as she entered, but he made no movement to detain iser, and slipping out of the broad aisle as soon -as possible, she sank down into a crimson-cushioned pe.".", whero the gold and amber lights oJ a Gothic window played fitfully upon her face The mere act of repose acted on her wearied .-lenses like a cordial, and after a moment or two of grateful quiet, with her head bowed on the craved edge of the nest seat beyond, she looked up once more with something like curiosity at the briliiautly-drcsycd throng in the church, and the white, glittering group at the altar. ' It i≤ a wedding.* she thought. And all a. woman's natural interest in the contemplation of such a ceremonial throbbed upwards in her heart as she leaned a little forward to get 3 better look at the white-robed bridesmaids and tho veil-draped iignre in the centre, whose orange blossoms and tuberoses scented all the building. Even as she looked the ergau struck up a peal of triumphant music, as if all sweet sounds and harmonies were clapping their hands in unison. There was an instantaneous stir and turning of heads towards the broad ais!e, and the bridal paity began to move lrom thealtar. Does the woman exist who can look upon a bride, with the glory of bride hood newly descended on her head, without a tender, sympathetic emotion? Gertrude was no exception to this general rule, and she half rose in her seat to see the fair face under the snowy chaplet of buds aud blossoms. for it was very fair, with delicate pink shadows on the cheeks, and long black ei'elashes drooping over the beautifu! dark eyes, while the jot black hair, 1-joped back with trails of white iiowers, was artistically arranged by no unskilful hand, i'earls shone v.hitely around her slender throat, and the dress of some heavy corded silk, banded with satin, and knotted up here and there with clasps of pearl;-, uiadi' a soft, rustling sound over the velvet carpet as ehe walked. 'How pretty she is. thought Ger trude, ius-tinctively drawing iv her breath a=* tho lovely picture advanced. And with a not unnatural impulse, her nc.tt glaatrc was towards the bridegroom, whose tall Ktp.te!/ ligure made so appropriate a contrast :o the petite beauty oi" the fiirl !>e had just vowed to * love sud cherish* until death. Sho sprang to Lor feet with a low, sobbing sound, which vrat> a half gasp, half hysterical breath—the bridegroom was her own husband, Victor Gal braith ! 'Am 1 dreaming?' she>.sked her self, looking wildly around. ' Is the delusion of the dreadful fever still upon mc :'* And then, touch* ngtho l.iiv- trhiiined .sleeve of a:i elegaiilly-ilressed lady, v.'iso sat in the pew beyond, she whis pered— "Tell mc please —are (hey married ?' The lasly turned haughtily towards the pale, shabby-dressed giil, as if not well pleaded at the interruption. ' Of courso they are.' Gertrude's lirst impulse was to spring forward through the crowd, and Hinging herself iv front of Victor Galbraith, charge him with tlie foulest and basest of crimes—to push the fair voting bride aside, and boldly claim as her own, and hers alone, the placa at Victor's side. He, her wedded hus band, to dare unite himself with another —to thus set the laws alike of heave!' and man at deiiance ! She crowded herself down a side aisle, heedless of whom she jostled, careless and indignant glances of eritica! remark—she nuist reach tht church door before the bridal parly did. There, in I lie sacred shadow of the sanctuary, she would claim her ovvir ami dispossess an impostor of her fancied empire. But when she slopped, panting and breathless, beneath the heavily-arched ornaments which overhung the wide doorway, almost face t,? face with Victor'Galbraith, the courage ebbed out of her heart, aud tho strength deserted her troiabiing limbs. ?She opened her white lips trying to gasp out tlie words, * JHy husband !' But no audible sound issued there from. Sho would fain have hurried forward to throw herself in his patli ivav, but she could not move any more than one in the dreaded bonds of a nightmare ? And the milk-white garments of Victor Gaibraith's second wife rustled against the, very skirts of t!iu true wile, and Gertrude could make no vuutid, Sitter no word of warning, as she stood there, white, ami trembling, and motionless. But, chancing t right hand ay he neared the church door, Victor (ia'brailh suddenly Btart'jd and grew pale. Aurora felt the movement of tho arm upon which her own gloved hand rested, and looked inquiringly up. 'Nothing, daniuy!' Victor whis pered, replying to her glauce, 'nothing! I thought for an instant that 1 saw a familiar face ; but I was mistaken.* Tho ,-econd glauce had revealed nothing but a blackdraped ligure, covering in the shadow of a iloiver wrcathed column, while a hit lady, iv fjolil spectacles, with scarlet cactuses nodding on the edge of her black velvet hat, occupied the kimco hin imagination had filled aa instant ago with a faco over which the peacei ul snows had '.voven their frozen shrouds weeks ago. i'or he had fancied —what an absurd Hex —in the one second of his hallucination, that the ghost of the beautiful girl he had wooed aud won amongst tiie Highland hills aud gorges had risen up en this his wedding day, to cast a blight over tho future open ing so brightly before him. Pshaw ! that was over and gone ; not all the ?years of delay and outward mourning which the most rigid custom could exact could avail ti> undo the past. Why not forget it, and close the gates of memory forever on its dim, shadowy reminiscences ? Strange thoughts these for a briJe grooai ou the day of his bridal, but they passed through his mind in less time than it would take to read them, or even to analyse their ilectuig links ; aiid when he placed Aurora iv tho carriage, whose white velvet, c-ushiou had been upholstered specially i"ur this festive occasion, they were forgotten. Aud Gertrude, tfie forgotten love, the superseded, as she leaned, sick aud' fainting, against the church pillar, could hear Judge Galbraith'a hearty, genial voice answering the congratu lation of some friend. ? The happiest day of my life, my dear sir—the happiest day of :uy lite '. My st.n has married the woman of all otiiera I should have preferred. I hav'u't a wish left uiigratilicd now. Like a dark apparation, shrinking, as it were, from the cheerful light and glow of the outdoor world, Ger trude crept out into the air, 3nd hastened, with a strength of which sho had scarcely believed her weak limbs capable, along tiie street iv the direction taken by the wedding c.'ir raiages. mingling iv thecrowd gathered round the doors of lira Criaudou'j house. She reached the spot just aa the ; first ctjuipage drove up, and once again wi'.ii hand hard pressed to her heart, and her eyes glittering under the of her hat like coals of fire, she saw the beautiful young girl who had taken away the heritage which should have been hers ascend the carpeted steps, beneath the wl-.itoawn ing spread from door to kerbstone, leaning on Victor Gaibraith's arm. ' Don't piir-h so." muttered an old crone. :is Gertrude leaned forward, but >[ie neither heard nor needed the words —:-!u? was intently reading the ps-jo of her husband's face. Xo tender sadness there, as if even at tiii? rapturous moment hie heart went b:iek to llio past with something o£ loviug regret—no coiiKcieiice btrickeii shadowrouudthe Apollo-lines of hU beautiful mouth ! Gertrude louked in vsrin, if ahc expected to sea ;;u?;ht of this. A husband's hr.ppy, I>roud devotion, in tbo exultant bron of oue who has gained tho dtarent and irust precious object of his life, that was all the wick searching cj'es kw. * A pretty couple, beii't they?' criea an olrl bcf;i"ar woman, i" cniclied accents. 'All, happy's tho bride tho sun shines on ! But"the cost o' them posies on her gownd would ha' kept mc in drink fora year! iSut there i>in*t no UNO {jrumbliii,* and I was n VouiiK bride once, though u<> one ivoald hanlly believe it to "look ."-t mc now. Ilam't got r. penny about you, eh. my jiui the pn.lt; youni; f;irl to whom she addressed herself only wrapped Ikt shawl closer about her, and vanished iv the press and throng. (To lie coniinued.) 