COMIIETE IX ISIS ISSUE. pTow Fiest Punri-HKU.j Adyeatnres of Dora Bell, DETECTIVE, HBS. GEOBGE COBBETT, Author of " JLdreatares of a Ladr Detective,' "The ifysterj of FeEsmere," "Bdiind the YeU," &c.;, &e.;, &£• [Ail Quebsslisd Bights Beseeted.} "Now, Miss Bell," said my uncle to me one day, "I hare a nice little job for you. certain Mr. Flowers, of Kite street, City, has "had no fewer than fire different thefts from his hones within three months. The thief seems to go very cunningly about his work, for, so far, he has proved absolutely undetect able^ although the police have had the matter in hand from the first." "And of what nature are the things that have been stolen ? " I asked. " Well, their variety would be amusing, were it not so perplexing,'* said Mr. BelL "The first thing that was missed was a small scrip-box, containing a recently executed wfil, and some important trust deeds. Mr. Flowers, I should mention, is a solicitor, who resides in rooms over the premises in which he carries on his business. Of course he was in a great state about losing such responsible property. But not the slightest due to the perpetrators of the theft could be discovered. ^ "' If it bad been my own property that had been stolen, X would not have minded so much,' said Mr. Flowers. 1 But trust deeds! It is too dreadful.' "Various theories were promulgated as to the nature and motives of the thief, the most feasible one being that someone, hearing that a relative had made a will, had conceived the idea that it was inimical to his interests, and had resolved to steal it from the solicitor with %whom he believed it to have been deposited. As, however, the abstracted will was that or an old lady who had no relations or friends who could have expected her money, even this* theory suffered from objections. "In a few weeks it was exploded altogether, for a second robbery took place at the house of Ifr. Flowers. Th™ time it was the greater part of the silver plate that was missing. Ex perts were all agreed that the thief knew the whole of the interior arrangements of the establishment. Clerks and servants were all subjected to rigid cross-questioning and watch ing, hot came ont of the ordeal with flying colours. Mr. Flowers, in fact, considered them all ahove suspicion. But it was natural that, for a rime, the detectives should hardly be of his opinion. " "Very soon robbery number three was dis covered. Mrs. Flowers's watch and chain had disappeared. ' Two days later three bank notes * of £10 each were missing. These Mr. Flowers was .sure he had first locked in a cash box, then in the office safe. After watching the depar ture of his two clerks and the office boy, be carefully looked to the safety of the windows, to which some patent burglar alarms bad lately been attached, then he locked and double locked the office door, taking all the keys up stairs with him, and patting them under his pillow, " Yet, strange to say, on entering the office next morning, before the arrival of his clerks, he found the notes missing. All the doors and locks were exactly as he had left them, yet on opening the cashbox it was found to be empty. By this time both he and those in his employ were thoroughly scared, and one of the clerks told roe this morning that he and his colleagues had. only refrained, from giving. Mr. Flowers notice to leave because they feared their reluctance to stay might he construed into a virtual admission of their own participation in the mysterious thefts. . " This morning matters reached a climax when.Mr. Flowers, oh rising, discovered his' own watch to have disappeared as completely as that of his wife's had done. I was sent for to see if I could throw any light on this strange affair. . I found - Mr. Flowers looking the picture of rage and mystification, and his clerks were sulkily proceeding with their work, their expressions almost indicating a dawning dis belief in the extent of their employer's tosses. The. office boy struck me'as looking rather jubilant. He evidently revels in the* sensa tional. " In the more private part of the establish ment things looked no better. The lady of the j house -was in hysterics, and the housemaid Teas packing np he? clothes, and knowing that if they locked her np for it she wouldn't etop any longer in a place that Teas haunted. Asked if she had sees anything that could -warrant her assertion that the house Teas haunted, she replied that nothing but a ghost oonld take money and jewellery out of locked-up places without having been near the keys, the latter being invariably found where they had been put- before the master -went to bed. "I managed to persuade the housemaid mto a more pliant frame of mind by. promising to bring her an associate to help in the work, and keep the cook and herself company until all the mystery had been made clear. The cook was easier to deal with, for she had arrived at ft pitch of unbelief that was positively amusing. '"I'm about sick of all the loss and bother there has been lately,' she said. * And I won't be worried any more over it. Ifs my opinion, that there ain't never been a single thing stole, and that the master's trying to get up a sensa tion all for nothing.' " 'Bat where are the things if they haven't been stolen r' I asked. " 4 "Well betwixt yon and me, X think there ain't two ways about it. I've lived in families before where they was pretty hard up for ready money sometimes, and were only too ready to do it.* Do what?' " * Why, pawn 'em, to be sure.' " 'What, pawn banknotes ? * " *2iOf the hank notes haven't been pawned. There's no need of that. X expect they've been paid away for something on the quiet. The master wouldn't be the first man that had secrets from his wife.' "'And how about the papers? You don't marine anybody would take them in pawn, da your' "(Humph. As if that wasn't a part of the bamboozlement! Tou don't throw dust into my eyes too long. * " With this remark the cook clenched the conversation, and I must confess that my th oughts had wandered for some time somewhat in the same direction. The incredulous look* of at least one of the derks also bore out the cook's reasoning. Still, if the object was merely to bamboozle his wife, why should the owner of the property said to be stolen make' such a fuss, and go to such an expense to bring about an unravelment that could but be Smmfoal to his own interests, if he were playing a doable game? The whole case is as complex and awkward as any I have come across, and I want your help in it." I had listened very attentively to my uncle # story, and had already framed my own idea of the duties expected of me. " Ton wish me to keep a careful watch upon all the people in the Plowers establishment, while professing to discharge domestic duties r" I suggested. "Precisely,1' was the answer. " Both Mr. and Mrs. Flowers approve of the plan, and yon are expected to-day." A few more preliminaries being settled, I prepared myself at once for my new duties, and found, on arriving at Id Bate street," that X was supposed to be a temporary housekeeper, vice Mrs. Flowers herself, incapacitated through trouble and anxiety,- consequent upon tho mysterious series of robberies that had taken place in the house. The poor woman's incapacity for supervising the daily routine of her household was not feigned. She was really so ill and upset that X advised her to put herself under the care of tho family doctor, who would give her something to quieten her nerves. Meanwhile, if she wonld lie down and rest, I told her, I wonld see that things were so conducted in the kitchen and elsewhere, that Mr. Flowers should miss nono of his accustomed comforts. It was with a sigh of satisfaction that she yielded herself to my arrangement, and X also found the servants easy to cope with. The principal topic of conversation both in parlour?* and kitchens , was the facility with'which it seemed possible for somebody or other to tako what they pleased out of the house. Before bed time I had gleaned every possible item .of information relating to the mystery, and had formed my-., theory as to the true state of things. After office -hours Mr. Flowers fastened his r lower premises np with all posriblo care, ^and as soon as I could do so without being . observed by the servants I carefully examined all the fastenings, and satisfied myself that tho individual who entered from without would bo very clever indeed. He would, in fact, have to be of the shadowy nature attributed to tho thieves by the housemaid. At twelve o'clock everyone in the house, ex cept xnyBelf, had gone to bed. But, . so far from retiring to rest myself, I had resolved to keep careful watch all night. I had wrapped a thick woollen shawl round my shoulders, and stationed myself so that I commanded a full view of the doors leading from the various bedrooms. Lest I should bo observed myself, I X took advantage of a portiere which shrouded i a recess used as a wardrobe, and anxiously kept the stairhead in sight. j I am not of a nervous disposition. But I confess that I felt a "wee bit eerie" as the big hall clock chimed the hoars and half hours, while all else in the house was as still as death. It was therefore with an intense feeling of thankfulness that I at last saw Mr. Flowers emerge slowly and cautiously from his bed room, carrying in one hand his hunch of keys, and in tho other a lighted candle. He went straight downstairs, and, holding my very breath through fear of betraying my presence, X followed him from the bedroom floor to the drawing-room floor, thence further downstairs to the basement. Finally, walking with a strange rigidity which would have struck me as awsome had X not conjectured its cause, he preceded me into the cellars which underlay the whole building. \- A minute or two later he was opening an old disused cupboard, into which X saw him - place two rings that he hadbrongbt downstairs with him. It was a dear case of somnambu lism. But I* dare not wake him there and then. Only pausing for an instant to consider what was_ best to be done next, X noiselessly harried upstairs, entered Mrs. Flowors's bed room, and roused her from a heavy dumber. I had scarcely succeeded in making her under stand me when we heard her husband coming upstairs again. Almost beside herself with alarm, she jumped out of bed, and, in spite of my caution, gave a loud scream when she saw the glassy and expressionless look in her hus band's eyes. A moment later there was a somewhat wild scene between the two, for Mr. Flowers was rudely awakened, and could not understand my presence in liis bedroom at first. When at last he was made to comprehend the state of affair he expressed himself determined to get to the bottom of the mystery at once. I retired until the pair had arrayed themselves more decorously. Then the three of us ex plorcd the cellar cupboard together, and, just as I had expected, wo found all the precious things which Mr. Kowers's anxiety had caused j his sleeping senses to put in a place of safety, of which he had no recollection when awake. ■ The shock of his sudden awakening did him no harm. But it cured his somnambulistic tendencies, and there havo been no further supposed robliories from 15 Kite street. [ent> of "doba. bell" semes.] 