Oar'Romance Column. A GHOST STORY. One morning Arthur Hey wood received a strange letter. It was from bis maiden annt, Miss Maud Haywood. 'Come at once,' it said. 'I am going to die, and I want to leave yon my property. It Beems right to see yon first.' Arthur had never met his Aont Mand, who lived by herself in a bandsome country residenbe. She bad in. kerited it from her mother, while the boys—her brothers—were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father had been the eldest, and all he had ever said of his sister Mand was that something she had done in early youth bad made them all angry, and that they never saw each other, and, for his part, he never desired to do so And now, when Arthur Heywood was quite alone in the woi'.d, this aont had written to him. H« expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beaotiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lemps. scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, end held out band to him. • You are a Heywood,' she said. 4 You resemble your father, bnt nbt so ^fllflttt. r ~~S3im, %as~iBtern to "cf&eT;^ And your mother Is gone, too. Well, she must have had a hard life of it, unless be was kinder to her than to his sister. 'There, don't speak. I shall say nothing bat what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Gey wood. You shall have it. I think yon will have to wait a few months. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, but it will be as I say:' * Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and above all I hate hypocrisy. I have made my will in your favour. Stay until the last.' With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty-year-old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though he had been a Echool-boy. It was a large room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the sama time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood on the mantle-piece; he lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. ' It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies,' he said. ' I shall sleep it off.' And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which boor, the proper one, as we alt know, for the ghost-seer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curiocs sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey staff, over which was tied white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a servant of eome sort, and it was Arthur's impression that his aunt was ill. ' Have you come to call me ?' he asked. The woman came a little nearer ( Yes,' replied a voice, which made bis blood run cold; ' that woman is dying.' ' My aunt ? ejaculated Arthur. ' Your aunt,' replied the figure. ' If some one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I want her hung.' ' This is a lunatic,' thought Arthur. He started to hie feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circnmstances, but the woman wa3 gone. He went to the door. It was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times. Each time the strange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood hnng, and declaied that if it were not done it would soon be too late. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dreBm. even lad she been in strong health. There was no one else to speak to. But the thing seemed so carious that Arthnr made e record of it in a sort of diary he was in the balbit of keeping, following it, by some reflections upon Taftrewna. At last, however, he was awakened, not by a ghost, but by a rap on his door. His «unt was dying—a servant had come for him. "When: he reached her room she -was insensible. She never spoke to him again. He could not momn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but be showed every, mark of respect possible to her memory. The funeral was .largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited do one in the neighborhood ; and in dne course of time the will was read. It lefteveiy thing to ArthurHeywood, only eon of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood, and with bqt one proviso : Tlie .garretshoald remain as it was, fastened by bo|t and lock and bar —never to_ be . opened on any pretext whatever. * I do not choose to say why,* wrote tbe testator. * Unless my nephew will agreae lo this, lie cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made cf tbe house.' But Arthnr had no" hesitation lo agreeing to this whim of hisdead aunt, who, ddtttei^ta the garret eome tressnres of her youth which she did noT wish to destroy. And be took ^possession of the estite, and sow *narri«d and brought hocne a wife. Y**tk brought them * family, and J f still the gariet remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper ; but whenever Mrs Heywood made this remark, her husband would reply that ' the estate would be a greater one.' Who will ever know T she wonld urge. * Who cares V * A codicil which I have never seen remains,' Arthur would reply. ( Who knows what might happen ?' And so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard's chamber. The cnystery was greater, however, to tbe children, and when the eldest boy was ten years eld it had occurred to him that nothing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which mi^ht be hidden all sorts of wonderfrl treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers had left near the house, he gained the sloping roof, and reached tie dormer window. Perched on the sill, he peeped in ; but at tbe moment the ladder slipped. He remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, -and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade the opening of the garret door, one of them bade the ?hild remain where he was until he came, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door was soon broken in 3 the window opened, the child rescued. 'ii: te the woman, who until now bad forgotten all abonther boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like abed. Upon it, what? To approach, to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the work of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap npon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from borne at the time. When he retained be found the long sealed garret door opened, heard his wife's story amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed with horror and astonished. The skeleton apon the bed wore a grey dress, the white cap, and had the straight black bair of the woman who had appeared to bim thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the explanation be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had gives Arthur possession of tbe estate. The codicil had been enveloped and sealed by Miss Maud who alone knew the contents. It contained these words : ' This paper will only be opened if the garret is opened also. In that case my secret will be known to those who are of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She was well known in the neighbourhood. and but for letters which I wrote myself and exhibited to curions folk, the truth might have been suspected at the tima. 'Jane came to live with me as housekeeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I was betrothed to s man adored. My brother Bnpert hated him He placed Jane Jarvelle in my house as a spy. She intercepted letters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken off and my life embittered. My lover left me with scorn believing a false tale, and married another. One day I discovered Jane Jarvelle's treachery. I went in search of her. I fonnd her in thegarret. There we had a scene, and there I murdered ber. I stabbed her to.tbe heart. She lived only long enough to shriek : ' I will haunt the house till you are bang for this V ' She has done it. I have seen her, But I shall not be done. Tbe secret is all mv own. I locked the garret, dis- missed my servants ifea body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie. ' My brother, Rupert, cross-questioned me, and made great search for Jane Jarvelle ; the others were never good to me, Oars was an nnkindly race ; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left aR. Let him pity me. ' Driven by desperation to an awfal crime, haanted by the ghost of my victim, never at- rest, never at peace, parsued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows, and assured of future punishment, what has my life been ? Again I say—pity me, and pray for me.*' 