' Xing JFredei'icTc's Ttuse, j A Story of Three Mysterious Oold Pieoss— Tho Reward Rcorived by a Dutiful Son. 1 How tbo Dear Old Mother's Letter Touohed the Hosrt of Her Sov ereign— -DAys of Pciiao and Plonty That damn Heaauee a Lad Honored His Mother. One summer morning, a great many years ago, a boy was lying sound asleep on a benoh in one of tho rooms at Sans-Souol (tho country palace of tho King ol Prussia) with nil bis elothoa on. Very gay olothes they were, from the trim blue jacket, with its embroidered ooffs and shining braes buttons, down to tbo smart shoos, with their well- 'polished steel buohles. But the poor littlo fallows faco was Dot as gay as his dress by any meant). It looked sadly pale, and aa worn and tired as if ho had been up all night. So indeed ho bad, for tough old King Fredoriak, who aonld work from four in the morning till ton at oightwitliout seeming a bit worse, sometimoe forgot that hit) poor lit(le page-boy waa not ae itrong as himself, and would often keep him on duty till Karl fell asleep from Bbeer fatigue, just as ho appeared to have dona now. All at once a bell rang sharply in the noxt room. At that signal tho page ought to havo jumped up and gone in to receive his orders for the day, as he had to the firat thing every morning, no matter at what hour ho had gona to bed. liut bo waa so fast asleep that he never heard it ; and tha bell rang again still more sharply without any answer. Then tho door of tho inner room opened, and ont came a very' Btrange figure in deed. it was a small, lean gray-haired old man in a shabby uniform ooat and a pair of long riding boots, which looked as though tbey had not been cleaned far a month ; and as if he were not untidy enough already, ho bad smeared the whole front ol hie coat with snuff, whioh fell off in flakes whenever he moved. Hie faoe might havo been carved in stone, so oold and hard did It look; but in the midst of it thero gleamed an eye so olear and bright and piercing that it soemed to go right through every one upon whom it rested. But for. this commanding glanoo ono would mast likely have taken him (or a beggar, and have wonderod what business such a slovenly old fellow oould have in the palace at all. But in reality this queer, shabby littlo old mau was no other than King Fredoriak ol Prussia himself, the greatest Goneral and statesman in the world, and famouB through out all Europe under the name of "Frederick tho Great." Ooe oould ecu by the Hash of hie oyo and tbo set of hia hard old month, as he oame striding out, that ho was very angry at being kept waiting, and that n terrible scolding awaited the poor little page, who lay sleeping there eo peacefully, knowing nothing at all about it. But as the King's eye fell upon the lad's anaonsoioua face his mood eeomed to change, " Hum 1" muttered be, with the very ghost ot a smile flickering over his iron faao. "How famouoly the young dog sleeps 1 I only wish I could have euoh a nap now and then. One can sea that ho hasn't got to worry himself about governing five millions of men, or carrying cn war against fivenationB at onaa. 5a I what's this ?" A erumpled sheet of aoarsn paper, whioh seemed to have dropped from Karl's hand, was lying on the floor beside him. The King pioked it up, and these wero tho first words that aaugbt his eye, written in the shaky, straggling hand oi a very feoble old woman : " I thank you much, my dear child, for the money that you havo bo kindly sent me, wbiah has been a great help. Take yonr old mother's blessing for it, and see that you always do your best to be a worthy and faith ful Bervant to our master, the King, whom God blcsB and presorvo." Ae ho read that simple message the soldier-king's grim faoe softened as no ono had ever Been it soften before. Perhaps the memory of his own mother, dead years ago, roeo ap in hie mind onoe mora ; perhaps ho wae touched by the old woman's prayer for himself, or by the discovery that this had been tbo boy's last thought before he fell asleep, " Were all my eubjeote like that," he mur mured; " 1 should be the luaUiest King in Europe. And so he haB been saving money irom hie wages (and poor enough wages they ate, I am sure) to send to liis mother I Well done, my boy ; thou art a true Prus sian 1" At that momont Karl movod slightly, as if about to awake. The King noticed it, and a new idea ap peared to strike bim, whioh muet have been a droll one from the momentary twinkle that lighted up hie stern eyes. " Yes, that will be the . hcBt way," said lie to himself, " and a flno surprise it will bo to bim," Stepping baok into the room whence ho had issued (whioh certainly had very little "royal luxury" about it, for it was almoBt as bare ob a oattle-sbed, with no furniture savo a battered deal table and a broken ohair). Frederick hunted in the table drawer till he rummaged out a woll-worn writing oase, from ono of the pookots of whioh he took tlireo gold ooins. These ho slipped into the page's pookot along with the letter, taking great oare not to awake him in doing eo. Thon be rang hie bell violently and oalled out: " Karl, oome here 1" The sharp, Btorn voice effectually roused our horo, who started up at onoe, and drew baok in dismay as he eaw Frederick's keen cycB fired upon him. " Pardon, your majesty, pardon I" stam mered he. " I wss — " " Never mind about that jnst now," inter rupted the King. " Oome in here and get your orders." As Karl sprang eagerly toward to obey, the money, whioh had been put losely iuto his pooket, rolled out again, and fell ringing and drinking upon the floor. " Hollo, yonng man I" oried Frederiok, " you ought to be a good deal rioher tban I am it yon ean afford to fling your money about liko that," "Oh, sirol" oried the boy, imploringly, " I don't know anything about this money, I don't' indeed I Somebody must have meant to rnin me bjr putting it into my pooket, and then saying that I had stolen it." " No," said the' King, gravely, "that money ia-God'a gift to -vou, to help you in assisting yonr mother. Write- and tell ber that I know all-about her, and that I'll take oare of her, and-you, too." -And King Frederiok kept hia word, 