A PILLOW TRAGEDY. The Belated Confession of One of the Guilty Conspirators -? ? »—? - 11 Our village was pretty small when I firat came to. it. But then, as far as that is con cerned, I:was pretty small myself, and so in , every way suited the village. In thinking over my- own youthful days it' seemed to me a pity that the history of thai village should KO unrecorded for want of a historian. So I propose, in laok of a better person coming .'orward, to write some of tha particulars of the history of this quiet village. I shall call ; it Bruceyille, because thai waa not its name, and yet it ia near enough the name to be recognised by any of its eminent citizens, while the assumed title, I hope, will proteol .?so if an exasperated populace should under- \ tike to bring a libel suit against me, or to take into the courtB of law any of the mi;} deeds that I shall have the painful dqty-*t chronicling or confessing. ? j It is generally supposed that the yoiihg men, or boys, rather, of the oitiea are vlry much worse, as far as pure wiokedness »ia ccnoerned, than the innocent youth who 6 ;- fiidso in the country or 'in a small village j 3Iy own esperienos does not bear out thll ! popular idea. If there exists in this world ! any gang of youngsters who more richly de~ j serted the cells of a prison than we did 1 1 have yet to hear of them. I had some as- i pirationa myself to being the leader of this gang of boys, but I have to admit that there ?were many among us who could astoniBh even me in suggesting new and entertaining i crimes whioh were to be committed on the suffering inhabitants of that village. The village now boasts of a very fine brick school, and I balieve there is a principal there and assistant teachers, and a great i many other things that were not prevalent ! when I was a boy. X went to the first Bchool ' that was ever opeaed at Braceville, and that wub toe nrsi Bonooi 1 6ver went to myself. ! The teaoher was a young woman who had \ amassed a great deal of knowledge ap- i parently; at least we thought bo at the time, I and the people of the village rented the ' lower story of a residence for a sohool-house. ; I have rather dim recollections of my struggle ! with learning through the first book. I ! vaguely remember being trounced once or twice, bnt I have no reaolleotion as to what ! ihe trouble was. I know that even at that i early time I was marked as being a boy who, il he bad kept on in the way be bad started, was going to develop into a veritable monster { of wickedness. I can remember thai there ? wbb a certain feeling among some of us that ' we were not at all the favorites of this ! teacher, and I believe to this day that the teaoher did not have the tact to conceal het . preferences. This partiality was brought to a climax one summer's day by her inviting nil her favorite pupils np to her house, or i ♦he house of her father, to engage in the ! ?vild dissipation of games and cracking nuts, j end such like hilarious enjoyment. Four or. : ve of us were not invited, and that night I ! went early to bed. When the young scoun- '? drels of the village wanted to start out on a i career of depredations we always went to bed i early. ' Each of the boys had a particular j vriy of getting out of the house unknown to the other inmateB, and my own means of j exit wae crawling through the window on to I the kitchen roof, getting down that on the ! lop of 5 board fence, and then from that to ! (L-- ground. We always collected eaoh cithor by mysterious whistles, imitations from the whip-poor-will or quail, and in go ing to our rendezvous W3 Bkirted along the !cnce or in the dark shadows of buildings, crouuhing down with our caps drawn over oorftyoa. This was to avoid possible dis covery, although there was no person in oar» ' tioa that would have thought anything o£ it ii he had met us right in the middle of ibe street, anyhow. Still, there was a cer tain delight in making a sneak for it, and on t- is particular occasion four or five of us had . gtttb&reil; for the purpose of breaking up that party r.t tho teacher's houBe. The teacher b- longed to a large family of pioneers who had eca'.tered around that neighborhood. Ai 0 number of the family had the same . names, both first and second, various adjec tives w:tc used to designate the particular one meant. Her father, was known aB '? .Sr.Bfflpy ' John, because be lived on tha othnr side cf the swamp, about half a mile c.Et'Jit irora the village. Another relative Wi.s called ' Hilly ' John because he lived on the brow of a bill. The swamp through whioh v.'o hail to oass to get to Swampy John's house wes a weird, lonesome place, whioh took at least six fcnye, together, each protesting that he wrb noi the least afraid, to cross it. Any f'ogle boy, or any two of us for that matter, would hB7-2 willingly choSen to go to perdi tna ratusv than to cross that, swamp in the '.light tir&&. But the main road that passed 1 Ji.rouglj she village led through the ?wanip, apA thV first house on the other side was Swampy John's. After a whispered consulta tion il was resoived that we should mak.- up a swamp ghost with which to scare tho lite out of the teacher and scholars. It may be menMonftft that on the occasion of this party tliH iwiehir'g father and mother were away visiting fcoruewhere. and would not be back ihbi night. This we had learned from tbo fetunnfe invited pupils, who told it as an iodicniiou tint joy would be unconlined =ind that there would be no' older heads present to interfere with the amusement. The ghost j was made np as follows: A pillow wa- ! taken and a string tied around the middle oi ; it. Then black pieoes of cloth were pinned i to represent mouth, nose and eyes. A pieoe i of red flannel was pinned to the blaok mouth Bo_that it huDg out in a piotureeque fashion and added io the attractiveness . oi the pillow as wa had fisedit. A rope waa then tied around the centre of the pillow to give it a general resemblance to a man being hanged, and with this all the conspirators started along the road that led through the big swamp. The terrors of the swamp may be understood when I say, as we passed along the lonesome road that was cut through it, we all became terrorised at our own pillow, and one of the weaker brethren became so frightened that he started back, but realising the fact that he would have to tread the rest of the fearful way alone he stuck to us. being less afraid to be in our company even with the frightful ghost wl* had with us, than go back to the village alone. When we cautiously climbed over the fence and got into the yard that surrounded Swampy John's house, we crawled up along the fence to the residence itself. Of course we might easily have gone in by the gate and up the walk, but that wouldn't have tasd the daredevil effect that we wit.'? . to produce even among our selves. Trie house waB gaily lighted up, and .the noise of revelry could be. heard. The curtamB in the front had been pulled down, but the aide window was ourtainless, and there we arranged our nefarious business. A pole was stuck up against the house, to which the rope was tied that suspended the frigbtfnl- IooJjing pillow, and the pSlow was then swung to and fro, so that it would beat gently against the window-pane. The effects of a irreat . scheme are never noticeable until the soheme itself is tried. We now saw that we should hava brought a sheet with us to wrap around the lower part of the pillow bo as to give a more realistic view to our ghoEt. Taking down the pole again and lowering the ropa EomewhaS, it waa so ar ranged that the head of the apparition appeared just above the window-sill, and there was nothing below to intimate that the ghost came to an abrupt conclusion, and no thing to show an investigating person that it was a pillow and not a ghost. Over the siil of every window a conspirator was peering in to see who would first notice the apparition at tho uncurtained pane. When it was dis covered an unearthly shriek rent the air. I never knew who it was that aaw it first or who it was that gave the shriek. Bu4 instantly every eye was directed to the terrible spectre^at the window. ? One universal howl went from the gueBtB. The little girls and little boys clung round the skirts ,of the | school mistress, and Bb.e — for she mifet have \ been only a girl herself, although we thought j her at that time the embodiment of old aye j and wisdom — was just as frightened as the j rest. She stared at the apparition with dilated | eyeB and white face. I had a very good view , of her and I thought for the moment she ! was going to faint. The children all around ! her were screaming and crying and howling j for help when there was no help. But the i Bonooi ma'am was clear grit. Like the other lady of the adage, she did not believe in ghosts, but Bhe -was afraid of them. . She knew the lonely situation of the house and realised the fact that it would still bean hour or two before the first of the parents came with lanterns to bring home their ohildren. She knew that if the children were not calmed down there wouldn't be any of them to bring noine before another ten minutes. So she qnickly shook her skirtB free from the dinging youDgsters, and for a moment we thought that she was going to come oat and scatter us, and then our hearts stood still. She sprang to the door and threw it wide open, and the next words she spoke struok terror into the hearts of the villainous'conspirators. ' Here, Tiger I Here, Tiger I' she shouted, and a great big dog bounded in from the the kitchen, while we broke in dismay for the fence at the road. Then there were screams and yells from an entirely opposite party. Tiger, who was a great, big, brutal animal, sprang out into the darkness and instantly followed the fleeing mob. He took away moBtof my wearing apparel as I scrambled aver the fence. Every one of us Buffered cnore or less, and we ran the whole way through the swamp road into the villiage. Fhen we thought with terror, at least I did, ;hat the pillow was still hanging at the window. The next day the question in the quiet ?illiagej was : 'Who lost a pillow?' The j people of the village were scandalised at the j iratrage that had been committed, and j :very one counted pillows. Alas ! and alas ! ' n our house there was one pillow short, ami nany a time next day I wished I had that Tillow to sit down on. j ' At what age were you married ?' she asked, inquisitively. JBut the other lady was equal to the emergency, and quietly re sponded, ' At the parsonage.' A formal, fashionable visitor thus ad dressed a little girl : ' How are you now, my dear?' 'Very well, thank you,' was the reply. The visitor then added : '2Tow, my dear, you should ask me how 1 am.' The girl simply and honestly replied; ' L don't want to know.' 