CHURCH ASSEMBLY. DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. ADDRESS BY THE BISHOP. The third station (spec [?]al) of the sixth Church Assembly of the dioce[?] of Ballarat was opened in the City Hall at noon vesterday (after Holy Com munion at the Cathedral Church) The following members were pre9-nf—The president (the Bishop o( Ballarat), in the chair; clergy— the very rev. the dean, Yens H. E Cooper c G Mlanby J. 0 P. All nutt, Canons Mercer and Radcliff, Revs J W Arnold. iJ C. Atkinson, H F. Barker, H. H. Birren. E G Bafr, F. A Booth, A Brown, J. O. Carmichael H J o*rr, J B U Chaplin E J >! Davies B H Davies, ,J, W Davison, 0 Hams K, Haywaid, R. Hnsken, C Hudson, C M Lowe J H M'Farlane, r G F.Mav.J Moody O. M'George, F 8. Poole, A J, H Priest, W. Puttoob. Rev K A Radcliff, 0. T. H. Kupp T. T. s hort, W. Swinburne, F Thorpe, K Thwaices. and M. D. Williams, Laity.—Hon, E. Morey; Messrs R Weldon. F Hammond, W. Turton, E. J. Webb, P. 0 Downes W. H. Matthews, E. P. Date. R. K Chapman, W. Ardhe, T A, Uthwatt, O H. Abrams, H, Bnnd, F H. Tut hill, W. Lakeland, R Otbbing*, H. A Nevett, J L Archer, J Kicardson, W Robertson, O Crocker, W. Owen, W. Seeley, H. D Cane, J. A. Wilson. W. H H Eyrea Apologias were received from the following: Clergy —Canon Morris. K*v«. W Wilkinson D Wr Iff ley, J. B Stair, H Hcffernan, W. H. Geer, J. W. Griffiths W. P Howell, J. A. Ball, J. Kirkland, J F, lucker, J W Bentley, and J W*gg. Lilly—Hons H. Cuthbert and S Wmter-Fooke, Messrs W. H Michael J O Manifold J. H Gearing, H*. Silvester, K. H. M'Kee, W. s, Vernon, W, H Bulluant, A. Greed, J. Weatherley, 0, Powell, R. S Bree, F. B Salmon G Chapman, and T. D Nicholls. PRESIDENT’S ADDRESS After prayers the president delivered bis address, ai follows Brother Churchmen,— I tender you special thanks for your presence at this, the second session of our assembly held within the short space of half a year; and 1 am *ure you will concur with me in the earnest prayer and hope that, by God a ffood hard upon us, its proceedings may yield results of lasting value to His chuich la this diocese. Occasion of c bssion You might be sure I should not inconvenience you by a second citation so soon wit' ou strong reason, but I discerned this In the peed of obtainingyour formal consent to certain arrangements in connection with the suffragan bishop You passed a bill last May creating that office *' in accordance with deter mination of general synod;* but the providing f »r its maintenance has been found t) involve—as essential to the pnmats's consent required by that determina tion—the further creation of two new kinds of in cumbency at Warrnaraboo], I was urged by some to presume on your approval of this on the ground that the proposed step onlv carried into practical effect a | purpose you had deliberately sanctioned, and the primate will have accep ed my undertaking that your approval bhnu and at some time he ob lined; but to give any such pledge seemed to disrespectful to this bouse, and, indeed, quite unconstitutional. The ouiy 1 alternative, tinder me oircum t*nc*«, was to hold, prior to the consecration of the suffragan, a special •e«MOn at which your consent might be asked; at which advantage might also be taken to transact ceitam other business that might suffer by delay. 1 Tns Nbw Governor j For instance, church people in tnis diocese will I welcome the opportunity of prompt y tendering, by resolution of their representative Lhurcb Assembly, th-ir loyal and gratified welcnm* to the otstinguished ! nobleman chosen by Her to represent her in this colony, in the phce of the nmguUrly successful predeo-ssor of whom we had taken leave j jst before last session. One could wish that soma act of public worsnip (such as is contemp ated m Adelaide) to comp uned an incident of so great and widely recogoli’d importance as the advent of a Governor 1 am isautr g a thanksgiving prav er for use daring the octave with reference to this event, as well as to the consecration service on All Saints* Day. Changes ih tub Diocbsb There hare been reductions in oar roll rf clergy since the recent session; her. A. K. Coote has migrated to Perth; and Rev W.n. Curzon v iggers(witb much demonstration of good-will and gratitude on the part of Ballarat Oity and Town) to Auckland; and Rev. * Allamon has resigned St. Arnaud (owing to the effect of the climate on his family), and under taken (or a time at any rate) the duties of Austral asian miss oner, under the auspices of the Church Parochial Mis lon of England A whole-hear e 1 mis sion priest, of singular energy and devotion, he hat done remarkable spiritual work during the three years he bar spent m th* diocese Against this leakage can be s c a comp cuously valuable accession m the advent to the charge of at. Peter's, Ballarat, of Her. F blaney Poole, a distinguished clergyman of high culture and mature and varied experience, from Adelaide. Ws accord him to day a very hearty welcome indeed to his seat in this assemb y I am thankful to say he has undertaken the chief editorship of our Chronicle Tub Rbtirino Dear. But I hare not yet named the impending removal ct our dean; who, coming to us amid a whirlwind of Joyous congratulations, and coming to u«, as we all confidently hoped, to suy, on 15th May of one year, leaves us ou Jlst October of the next. Too short a sojourn altogether. What are we to say of surgerv like this, which removes at a stroke from its leading and honored place in our body no palsied or infected limb, but on* so strong, so Inc nae in its vitality, so vigorously effective for every kind of work! Well, we all -h ill feel that to discuss the pros and cons, of this change that has befallen so unexpectedly 1 our Cathedral Church and leading parish would be unfitting now, in the highest degree. From the very bottom of hearts profoundly grateful for splendid service rendered here for 17 month* if some what sad and sore that th* ** silken bond *' hardening so swiftly into “hooks of steel,” should be sundered again so speedily we wish the buhop elect showers of every kind of blessing for himself and his dearest, copious fruit from the heavy labor that awaits him, an ever mounting flight, an evsr-winning race, an ever c)os*r walk with God and deepening insight into those things “eye bath not seen, * chat with ever qu c Ghost he may go on taking of the things of Jesus and showing them to men He parses up from us to work of the highest order in th- church of God to see hi* name inscribed a* the latent in the gleaming roll of bishops of historic and Catholic Christendom. If he hardly goes up as he came hither * in a whirlwind of joyous con raculation,” nor into Heaven, as yet, he leaves those b-hind who feel minded to rend their clothes, as though Israel's ebanotry and cavalry were being pvrted wuh Ah I nny his mantle fall on some one fitted, as Elisha proved, to share chat title. The only unku and thing 1 ever knew the dean to do was to make us love him so much when we were to lose him ho soon. But go to! It is the poet of Christian manhood that sing*.— *' 1 feel it when I sorrow most, 'Tis better to hnve loved and lost Thau never to have loved at all *’ Tub Sdffbaoax Bishop. Thank God we do not loan our other, the senior bishop elect, \rchdeicon Coop-r Seldom can it have been given to a blabop a* bis years advanced, and hss consciousness mournfullv deepened of the limitation of his own gilts, and of his inability to evoke that enthusiastic co operation which he once hop*d to command in response to ernesc toil, to see summond to his side of it may be so with me) amid the accl imatinu* of the diocese, to share the heavy burdens of episcopal*, so good, so able, so wise, and so widely trusted and beloved a suffragan. Of course, I mav not as*ume that he will be con secrated on Friday, a* it hinges on your acceptance of a certain bill, to which I bare before adverted and yet I can hardly doubt it, and sure I am that this great atep, if taken, will by God** good grace bo the beginning of mare work done, better oversight, and a greatly stimulated dioceun life. The planning * t the *rea of the suffragan’s work you delegated to the bishop in council, the question of his title to my own deci former, a i area ha* been defined which shall be set forth m th* Chronicle, Archdeacon Cooper will re sign the Ballarat a chdesconry (v*hich will be con siderably reduced in *>ze), and I shall ask you to con sent to its being “put” for the present “into com mission ” 1 mean to my appointing a commissar* to fulfil the duties of the office md enjoy it* privileges without permanently assuming it or using its title. This last the clergyman 1 should commission abso lutely declines, but when I tell vou th it it is Canon MeiCer, 1 feel sure the arrangement, as far as my selection is concerned, will commani itself strongly to the house. With regard to the suffrages official title, I decide that at present It is to be this— ** The suffragan Bishop of Ballarat '* With the strongest inclination to surround my worthy brothei »s portion w th every legitimate circumstance of dignity, 1 see that the con ferring of a territorial title involves consequents for which I decline to make myself alone responsible and I purpose If the opportunity is allowed me to bring tbu question, os well as the pending one of intro diocesan cinonries before the general syuod at its ap proachiog session. Other Chadors Before passing to other topics I would mention here that I have asked Rev. J. W. Owen, of Adelaide, to serve Christ ( hu«ch, Ballarat, as acting vicar after 3l«i inat. to the end of the year. He tea gentle man of proved ability and high character, and l commend him to the cordial and grateful welcome of the clergy and luitj in stepping into this important breach for a while, at our tun* of urgent nesd No appointment of a permanent successor to the Deau-Vicar has been made. Nor, under the head of "changes,” can omit reference to the falling asleep, on 30th ult, of my dear and warm-hearted, and profoundly respected friend, Cecil Pybus Cooke, JP, father of the Hon. S. Winter Cooke, advocate of the diocese. He had made West Victoria his home since April, 1839, and the day is far distant when it will forget a pioneer resident so kindly, so generous, so thoroughly and unfalteringly Christian in temper and in life! His demise unseals my lips, closed on some points by pledge to him during his life, and I may mention now that certain benefactions towards church work, announced from time to time through me as from "Delta,” were his gift. Together with his late admirable wife, Mr Cooke bequeathed £2000 for endowing the Condah parochial district; in which he had already been the means of erecting two churches, one in memory of his wife; besides bequests towards a church at Branxholme, and the Ballarat cathedral O for more testamentary donations of this sort to the church's work. Church Buildihq c xnci Last Session Splendid additions have been made to Camperdown Church, and the endowment of That parish, by the Manifold family (the former in memory of the late Mr and M»s John Manifold, of Purrumbete) eliciting o’ber memorial gifts, whll** on the 2i r h instint, i d-dioafced a charming church erected -fc G>oh Alvie, in the Uolac district, in raising and furnishing which \ leading part—among other generous local helpers— had been taken bv a daughter of the late Mr Mani fold, Mrs Stuart Murray The sudden death of Mr T. P. Mantfo and by accident in the saddle n so recent, and has caused such wide and well deserved regret, that 1 need not dwell on It. It removed a mo*t estimable and generous member and promoter of tbs church in our diocese. Ths Church Ri uhiox Conteovirst. My synodal address last May proved the modest occasion of no little controversy about church re union; If It be your pleasure we will avoid re-opening it to-day. I think you will all have approved my firm refusal to be drawn into newspaper warfare by Archbishop Carr; and I fear the copious public corres pondence. both here and at home, sb ut re-umon of the chinches-including the Blshopof Routsletter —will have done little in furtherance of thstobj c. No man id his senses can suppoes it feasible, to ioi g as hall of Christendom claims abiolute authority over the other half, without the least ground the latter can discern In reason, revelation nr blitory. Not a few letters reached myself at ths time— mostly very gratifying; one Roman Catholic, t o«ever % —a very interesting and earnest minded corres pondent, but rather Ignorant of his own eburoh'a actual teaching—*snt me triumphantly an authorised list of English converts to Home during ths century, a study of which, i may say, agree b'y disappointed rat, and further told ms he had noticed that Atgli cans were “destitute of am affection (or their church.*' I asked him to explain In thatoaae, how it was that, for the last recoided year, irrespective of all Income from trait (unde, and of all contributions Mot | by xn mbere to cnurcb societies, which cannot bo I traced (an immense deduction), Anglicans throuzh | out the world voluntarily contributed for promoting I their churah £15,013 365. 1 beard no more from him. I Ibis wonderful figure may be gathered from the I authoritative** Year B*K>k of the Church of England," | along with other splendid (act* disclosing God a bene* ! diction of our church's work in these day *, especially i at home, which mike one very thankful, for the i nation's safe, for the astonishing defeat of h*r assailants at the last election there Advices from I sagacious observers In the mother country tend to 1 show that aversion to further assaults upon the I nation’s Church was no inconsiderable factor in the extraordinary uprising that took place against the | late Ministry, but to return to Victoria. Changes in Diocesan Administration i Two alterations in diocesan administration da*ed from our recent session—a new m-thod of replenish log the Home Mission Fund and a n-w Patronage Act. Tne results of the former are not fully knoAn at present, but the indications (with noble exceptions) are nowise as favorable as 1 hoped 1 can onlv ex* press my gratitude to the archtducoml council for Che way in which they have tried to grasp thU bust oesas, and work a scheme which should keep the fund reunited without the employment of an organising secretary, and appeal, with all the earnest* ness 1 can possibly command, to every true church member, to take a personal part in miking Che family envelope system of collection a success If all will do that further paralysing of our wcrk by reduction of Che granti in aid will be totally unnecessary, but all turns upon the * all." As for the patronage act, I must take heed what I say, but I cannot report favorably so far of tra practi oil walking, fhe houuemay rememberthati expressed I tbe hope in roy address last May chat all nominations 1 might be vested in the bishop, suggesting as a check on him a veto by two thirds ol the local managing body. Tbe bouse vested all nominations m the bishop but in the course of the debit* it was ar* ranged to alter the provision of a veto by two-thirds into a requirement of express approval by an absolute ro Jjrity. 1 did not conceal my demur to this, but the house bad been so generous in th* other point that 1 couid not oppose it 1 fear, however, that this plan will not work Most willing to submit to a two* thirds m»j inty against my nominee if the local body feel an objection to him, I find it a totally Uiff r**nt thing to be obliged to secure an absoiut* majority ready expressly to approve nf a man of whom they may know nothing either way. Practically the pUn transfers nomination into their hands, while the very mischief I hoped to see pre* vented —1 meau the demoralising negotiations be* tween possiole candid »tes and committees—«eems rife under the present arrangement. It would not be respectful to this house to suggest alterations in tbe act so soon; but 1 make my appeal to the clergy, with whom rests tbe powsr of greatly diminishing the evil I bave/indiQited J do not hesitate to say that the only proper course for a loyal and prudent clergyman to take when commumcit*d with by committeemen about a loctl * icmcy is to bay—**ihe nomination to the vacancy resting with the bishop, 1 must courteously decline to correspond or communicate about it with any one but or th* archdeacon." Fven this will not enttiely mset the Oise, but it is the right course for honorable men in tbe circumstances; and the clergy may real assuied that—as all right-doing is certain to do—it will serve th-ir true interests far better ih the end. And 1 hope that committees will oome to see, that their privately negotiating with clergymen »bo it vacancies is exactly what the statutory provision t of a visit by the archdeacon to confer with them, was designed to render needless, and is certain not only to embarrass their bishop—ahich may seem little—but to degrade their clergy, whion is much. The past six months offer abundant further mate ial for comment, and it seems heartless to way nothing of the massacres ia the mission field, the advent of, and vigorous inception of work by, tbe new Bishop of Adelaide; and toe alarming aspect tf international affairs in connection with Lnma, Turkey, Africa, and the West Indie-. But time is scant, and we must confine ourselves to matters relating to tbe church, touching first on one or two impending events affecting her, and ciosiug with a word or two on the immediate engagements of tbe session The Bablt Future General synod meets, domino volente, next year— in what mouth I know not, having as yet received no citation. My summons to the great Lambeth coo (erence of lfc97 has been received, its month is July. In 1893 the Australian diocejes have expressed their willingness to forrgaher at for a church congress, ms proposed by me at the close of the U*t; and 1 «hou and be grateful for a resolution of this house formally approving this arrangement, and appointing a committee to give preliminary consideration ro details Meanwhile I rpc*ivtd, on 9ch i mtanc, an official communication from the Bishop of Melbourne announcing an ad* dttional gathering—a Melbourne diocesan jubilee— in 1897, to which the Australasian bishops ure to be invited, when an appsal h to be mad* to raise a central fund for promoting tbe endowment of parishes. The bishop's letter endorses and conyeys to me a specni recommendation in tbe jubilee committeb’s report, “ that the Bt*hop of Ballarat be requested to take part in the movement," which, howe\ e<, is to bs a diQC'SAti one, Utnble to suppose that I was invited merely id mypirsonal capacity 1 felt I could not answer represetativ*!y for my diocese without consulting the council; and they have requested me to bring the Bishop of Melbourne s letter b«-fjre this house—to which he tells me he has no objection I therefore cons lit you, not as to whether 1 aba I preach or sp?ak at the 1 capital few o y ears hence—which 1 hope 1 have volition enough to decide for myself—but whether vs a diocese we sb uld celebrate, shoulder to shoulder with the l senior diocese, the fiftieth am trersary of Bishop , j Perry’s consecration as first Bishop or Melbourne. I This question is of importance. It was rai edatour | last session, and left to stand over, but it now presses for decision The council concurred with me id seeing serious difficulties in tbe plan as proposed, in 1897 the bishop* are summoned to Lambeth. Several, doubt* leas, will go, and will bs sorely pressed with duties up to the mttanft of their departure and from that of 1 their return. If, in hops of their attendance en route t > England, the t elebration be fixed at the beginning of the year, ft will not only (In ail probability) suc ceed general synod by a very short interval, but will precede the tru* anniversary by severs! months Besides, if the bishops are gathered in Victoria in 1897, what are the prospects of a Bvllarac church con* g ess in 189S 9 Would it not ba better to have a * Victorian uhurch jubilee" In 1893 a ye»r after the Lambeth conference—the fiftieth year after Bishop Perry’s landing—with gath-nn.s in Melbourne and a congress in Ballarat? buch questions might fitly be discussed by the inter diocesan < omtniuee. It may b» the mind ol this house, however, that our jubilee Celebrations must be deferred till 1925 YuU cm easily discern what my own leanings are, but 1 wish the question submitte i, without prejudice, for settle ment by the wisdom of this assembly Present Business This brings me to my closing par izr*phs. The chief rawm and ttre of oar ssseion, si we have seen, is the Warrnatnbool incumbencies oil] Besides this, there are two measures retaking to the OW.O fund paired In the recent Melbourne Church As* s*mbly, which, as the fund Is interdiocesan, need pv-smg al*o in our own Lost, but, as 1 fancy this bouse will admit, not least, 1 have to invite its most serious attention to a report from the council of the diocese with reference to th“ condition of the endowment and house pro perty of the e*o Of course this is a question that affects me personally and very closely; but it has a very much wider bearing than that. In tbe natural course of thing*, my personal concern in it is not likely to )a*t wry much longer: and s looking to the early future, I would gantly and respfCtfully point out to you that, unless bishopric endowment matters are Met right, you will be likely to find no small difficulty m getting such a b shop as you will want for this important dioce-o Much of the endowment has been hop*le9'ly lost through the impoverishment of the col ny,*nd tbe arrears of interest on some of the investment* are most alarming. I et m* nay that I do not think any of tbe managers of the fi lancial affn a of Che diocese are fairly to be blamed for this But thp situation is very serious, and must b- faced, grieved as 1 mm that this bouse should bs harasseu with it. And 1 have n great favor to ask at its hands, namely, that m) retirement from the chair may be pardoned dur ing its discussion. I thi k opportunity might be tak«n to hold elections to certain vacancies especially Occasioned by the retirement ct the dean I have only further to remind you that to night, at 7 30. we bold choral evensong in the Cathedral Church, with sermon by Arcbdemon Cooper, that to morrow evening there will be • festival meeting in the Alfred Hall, the Primate nnd Ktenop of Mel bourne being expected to arrive by the express to tske port In it (when many roemb rs will doubtless attend at the railway to receive them), th-> bishops elect being the other speakers; and that on Friday, at 10 30, the consecration service will he held at .at. Paul's Cathedral. Melbourne. Heart* thanks for jour most kind attention I now declare our special session opened, and earnestly hope that Ik may, by Gods blessing, prove memor able, for work of grave importance wisely, har moniously, and expeditiously performed Several motions of notice were hand-d in, and -after passing a resolution as to hours «-f session, the as ombly adjourned till 3 pm. AFTERNOON SESSION. On resumption at 3 o'clock, an important report on the condition of the bishopric endowment fund nnd the Bishopsoourt property was read ba Mr Webb, but its discussion was deferred til! a Uter stage. The d**an then introduced a bill providing far the appointment of a rector and vicar to th* pa nh of Warrnambool. the appou tment of a ruling m bishop who should also be rector of Warnumbool, made !t ii cesxary that this parish *houH aNo bo erupted in tho provisions of the appointment act Temporary arrangements had been mid* (or its working, but in order to p-rmaner t arrangements of a special character, involving the creation of tbe offices of rector and vicar for the name pariah, it wan iTounri needful to consult the assembly. The dean i briefly reviewed (he bill and explained its provision* I Tbe second reading was carried The house went I Into committee, and after diocu-slon the bid was re* i p >rted with one slight amendment and unanimously parsed. The president expressed hia cordial sati faction at the settlement of thin difficult business it gave a second binhop to the diocese. The dean then moved a resolution providing fir early enactment of a consolidated act. putting on a sounder footing the inter dioce*an ol*>igy widdow and oiphans* fund, and embodying certain amending acts of the Melbourne church assembly relating thereto After thorough discussion, some of it of a teohmical character, the r**olurlan was cart led Tne hoiu- went into th* 'om endowments and property reports, the bishop leaving the chamber and the d**an presiding. The bi*hopno endowment fund proved to have been seiiouily affected by the con m- cul depression of the oniony. i Mr E. J Webb explained the pres*n* and future pro«p cts of the fund, and urged that an attempt be made to augment the present endowment. As regarded the biehoppcourfe property, the improve- : m»n*s which had nude from time cot m*h«d been paid i for by the bishop, but these payments would have to b** refunded in cans of vacancy of the s»e. He pro* posed that a loan should b« »ff*cted on ths Mrcmity i of Hisbopscourt to defray these liabilities He moved th- adoption of the report. Mr Nevett seconded but pointed out (be legal diffi culties in thew>y of rffectiog a loan frjm any other of the diocetan fund* Arohdeico» Cooper s»ld two questions were in volved, each needing separate solution, vie, hosr to and fray tbe expense of the improvements to the Blschopsoourt property, and how to replace the lasses in the capital of the endowment fund. The report was adopted. After discussion it woe resolyed— *• That in view of the lo«s of capital of ths 'blshop'in endowment fund, and the depredation and hravy loss of income, anpmntinf altogether to £4OOO nr £5OOO, this ae* eemWly resolves that an appeal be m*de to recoup the ■aid lose, and to increue theoipitalof the fund to £25 000." It was farther rreolv and that it be a recom mendation to the bishop In-councll to obtain the help of Archdeacon Allnutt and Otnon Mercer In taking the necessary atepe for the above object. After discussion of th** m»th n d cf borrowing on the properiy t the debeta woe adjourned. The president returning, the house adjourned till 10 S« Ibis morning. j festival service. 1 The choral evensong last night was largely at tended, and tbe sacred music, rendered by th* united Obnrch of Fngland choir*, was superb Prayer* were said b> tbe deaa aud Rsr. G. Hudson; tbe 'lessons were read by Canons daynun and Mercer. Archdeacon Coopey prs *cbrd from Romans xr., 1,2, J— “We, then, that are strong ought to bear tbe infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves. Let every man please his neighbor for bis gnod to edification For e>*n Cbnst pleased not himself, but, as at is wiitt-*n, the reproaches of them that reproached Theeare fallen- npon *’ He gave these words successively application to physical, intellec tual, moral, and financial strength, and the duty it imposed on itl pos —the infirmities of weaker one* Tbs reference to the needs of the Home Mission fund was pointedly made out, and a spirit of self-denying kindliness of manners, word*, and deed* earnestly enforced, the Ohnstly example b-ing held up touchingly as tbs pattern of a sympathetic manhood 