NEW SOUTH WALES. ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY. ST. MAGDALENE'S REFUGE, TEMPE. SPEECHES BY LADY DARLEY AND LADY WINDEYER. During the whole time Sir Frederick Darley has discharged the duties of Acting-Governor, he and Lady Darley have, in a particular manner, identified themselves with Catholic institutions of charity. Just as if it was to be, Lady Darley's last public appearance before surrendering Government House to " the Hampdens," was as the friend of the Good Samaritan nuns. Friday afternoon last (says the "Freeman's Journal" of 23rd November) was selected as the occasion for the presentation to the Rev. Mother of the proceeds of the Tempe ball. Advantage is taken of these occasions to hold a meeting of the supporters of the institution. This year the attendance was unusually large. Lady Darley, on arrival at Tempe, was welcomed by the Rev. Mother and the members of the ladies' committee. After the presentation of a bouquet "from the inmates," her ladyship was conducted through the whole institution. A meeting was afterwards held in the chapel. Lady Darley, who was loudly applauded on rising, said she had first of all to thank the Monsignor with her most hearty thanks for his most kind allusions to the small services she had been privileged to perform for this and other institutions. With regard to Tempe, she felt It only right to say that instead of receiving praise that day, it was her duty to express her own gratitude to the ladies of the committee who had worked so perseveringly and so successfully for the ball. She was, indeed, delighted to find that so large a sum would be available for the institution. It was not her first visit to Tempe—(hear, hear)—but she would sum up her observations that afternoon by saying that she had found, as on former occasions, perfect order, and clear evidences of the most kind and gentle treatment which the inmates received at the hands of the Sisters. (Applause.) It was a lesson to every one of the visitors. (Hear, hear.) Everyone, she was sure, was struck as she was by the tenderness and affection pf the Sisters for those who had come under their care. It was a wonderful work in which the Sisters were engaged. It was one of the most admirable works that could possibly be undertaken, and to succeed as they had done and were doing, the Sisters must have a singular blessing from God. (Applause.) Her own share in this work was so very small that she felt overwhelmed by a sense of unworthiness when she heard herself praised just now. It was in her power to do but little, but she hoped God would enable her to do something more in the future than she had been able to do in the past. (Applause.) It was quite true that she took the deepest interest in works of charity, especially those numerous works connected with the Catholic Church, and, of which she had seen so much during the past few years. (Applause.) She had; now great pleasure in. asking the Rev. Mother to accept the handsome cheque handed in by the ball committee, for £300. Lady Windeyer, who was most cordially received, said that, like Lady Darley, she had to turn off the compliments and congratulations from herself to others more worthy. It was right that on such an occasion there should be due acknowledgment of the services of those who had worked for the institution, and in recognition of this energetic work she was in a position to bear testimony to the, tender, loving zeal of^|irk,,Brennii^,iatt _i! ~ (Applause!j' ; "tf was to her a peftsori^l DleaMirer-.tt) help] in such a TAd&f;>4rley's sentiligg-'jjjl^eing able to lent as to the feeli: do Hpt^yhpwev^'-'^illiljlf'bne was. It was, 'iwiwevdi 1 , state in tffatiassemblage that the ladies of the committee worked in the most hearty way, and that perfect unanimity reigned over their meetings. (Applause.) She declined to accept any thanks personally, but she -would ask the company to express their; appreciation of the noble committee and the energetic officers. (Applause.) THE PLENAKY COUNCIL. COMMEMORATION SERVICE AT ST. MARY'S. The second of the solemn public sessions in connection with the Plenary Council was held at St Mary's Cathedral on Sunday morning. There was a very large congregation. The service commenced with a procession, in which the Cardinal and the other 20 prelates attending the Plenary Council, as well as clergymen engaged thereat, took part The Bishops who walked in the procession were the Cardinal (who was accompanied by his secretary, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, and other ecclesiastics), Dr. Carr (Archbishop of Melbourne), Dr. Dunne (Archbishop of Brisbane), Dr. Murphy (Archbishop of Hobart), Dr. O'Reilly (Archbishop of Adelaide), Dr. Salvado, O.S.B. (Abbot of New Norcia), Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland), Dr. Lanigan (Bishop of Goulburn), Dr. Torreggiani, O.S.F.C. (Bishop of Armidale), Dr. Cani (Bishop of Rockhampton), Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), Dr. Reville, O.S.A. (Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst), Dr. Byrne (Bishop of Bathurst), Dr. Gibney (Bishop of Perth), Dr. Dunne (Bishop of Wilcannia), Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale), Dr. Doyle (Bishop of Lismore), Dr. Hutchinson (Vicar- Apostolic of Cooktown), Dr. Higglns (Auxiliary Bishop to Cardinal Morau), Dr. Delaney (Coadjutor-Bishop of Hobart), and Dr. Gallagher (Coadjutor Bishop of Goulburn). The Very Rev. James Maher (Administrator of the Diocese of Port Augusta, S.A.) and the Very Rev. Anthony Strele, S.J. (Administrator of the Diocese of Port Victoria and PaJmerston) were also in the procession. Occupying , seats within the sanctuary were the Hon. Thomas Dalton and Mr. Thomas Slattery (each wearing the insignia of a Knight of the Church). Sitting amongst the congregation were the Hon. D. O'Connor, M.L.C., and Sir W. P. Manning. The musical service was much less elaborate than at the first public session. The special mass chosen wa® Gounod's " De PaqueSv" As the procession entered the church the anthem, " Ecce Sacerdos Magnus," was sung, with organ accompaniment. The Cardinal presided at the throne. The assistant priest at the throne was the Very Rev. Dean O'Donovan (of Bathurst), and the assistant deacons the Very Rev. Dr. Bourke, V.G. (of Perth), and the Very Rev. Fr. Shanahan (of Bathurst). Of the mass, which was Pontifical High Mass, the celebrant was Dr. Oanl (Bishop of Rockhampton). The assistant priest at the mass was the Very Rev. Fr. Walsh (of Townsville). The deacon and sub-deacon were the Rev. Frs. Walsh and Phelan (of St Mary's Cathedral). The Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran acted as master of ceremonies, and was assisted by the Very-Rev. Vincent P. Dwyer and the Very Rev. H. M'Dermott The principal solo in the service, " O Salutaris," was sung, I by Mr. j. J. Hinchy. The other soloists were Mrs. Tierney, Miss Devitt, Miss Stafford, Mr. Clancy, and Mr. W. O. G. Hughes. The mass was succeeded by an ecclesiastical, vocal service, which was unaccompanied. At the close of the service, the prel^te^ , and ^tber • epcleelastlcs returned in I procession to the presbytery. As they left the sanctuary, Mr. Delaney played Edouard Batiste's "Church Festival March," a composition marked by much dignity. The sermon was preached by Dr. O'Reilly (Archbishop of Adelaide). Dr. O'Reilly said that though their work was with the present and the future, though the business of their synod was legislation, that might benefit the living, and—as they hoped— might prove profitable to those who were yet to live, still they might venture to turn their thoughts backward for a moment and interrupt their deliberations in passing deference to the memory of the dead. The scythe of the grim reaper, whose mowing was of mortals, was always busy. His blade struck at random, it was true, but struck vigorously, and the havoc made was much. Ten short years, and yet they had to mourn sad and serious gaps in the ranks. To the roll-call of the Bishops three new voices answered where three others now hushed for ever in the dark stillness of the tomb spoke out before. Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide, were represented by fresh rulers. The Most Rev. James Alipius Goold, the Most Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, the Right Rev. Martin Griver, had gone the way of all flesh. A fourth there was, sage in council and as intrepid as he was sage, "who keeps them company; Dunedin was no longer represented in the synods of Australia; but by those who were privileged to know Dunedin's first Bishop, the memory of the Right Rev. Patrick Moran would ever be revered. Were the departed ones lost to them for ever because no longer here to share their toils and share their cares ? Forbid the thought The faith they held wo hold ; the hope they cherished we cherish ; the charity that was the life-pulse to their hearts quickens, we trust, our souls. One with them in work in the Master's wheat-fields, we hope one day to be with them in rest in the Master's home. The merit of those they commemorated lay in this: Raised to eminence within the sanctuary, they bore themselves in all things worthy of their high station. Charged with responsibilities of the weightiest sort, they supported with unflinching patience their burden to the weary end. They were high priests of the Eternal, and with the strain of the fulness of the sacerdotal. office upon them they so tried to rule their lives that they might win Heaven's favour, and through the mercy of its judgments be pronounced just They knew themselves to be pastors of a portion of that flock for which Christ died, and undertook that the highest proof of devotion to their Master was in the exercise of a loving care of the souls that were theirs. By a fixed law to the pastor's watchfulness and energy corresponded the flock's well-being. Upon his exertions depended its increase. Safety, it was true, was from the Lord, and if things prospered, the happy issue was to be traced to the favouring protection of His right hand. Equally true, however, was it that He who (was almighty worked through human agencies, and that without limits to its power. He chose to make its exercise often depend upon the human will. In these new lands it was no strange thing for the flock, through the inrush of population, and without, therefore, merit on the pastor's part to have an abnormal growth. Within the limits even of a single episcopate the faithful would multiply manifold.' The rapid accession of numbers would tax the pastor's strength to the utmost., and in providing promptly for the spiritual needs of the new-comers, he would have abundant scope for the display of his zeal. In various measures it was the lot of the prelates whose memory they recalled to be confronted by the difficulty to which he had alluded. If tliey met it, as they did, in the spirit of selfsacrifice and generosity, if they saved that faith and piety which but for their efforts stood In no small peril, and might have been lost, they had much to do with the growth that was granted to religion, and their merit was much. A life already existing saved from the jaws of death was a new life given, In Christ's kingdom, too, they must remember it was not heads that counted, but hearts.. A reckoning made by numbers merely was a fallacious calculation. In the spiritual sphere, census returns were not to be trusted much. The hearts of their people were sound to the core. Tlieilr churches were filled to overflowing with devout congregations, and their schools could scarce 1 lind room for the children who flocked within their walls. In their sanctuaries cohorts of exjSerienced and .zealots Levltes dispensed faithfully the sacraments, while outside, pursuing their way in every walk !of life, the throngs of faithful laity, strove to spend their days Christ's children should.' If the spectacle presented by their Australian Catholicity was a gladsome one, and gave encouragement, let them not forget to whom the felicltousness of the times on which they had fallen was due. To praise the dead where praisfe was due was, seemly. To praise those Who, lying dead, were in life worthy princes ot the House of Israel, had the commendation of the Holy Ghost. What wasTn itself good might not, however, have all the goodness called tor, and their thoughts were surely faultful did thev stop short at this hour at praise At the close of the service the announcement was made that the Council when sitting, had begged apostolic benediction of the Pope for themselves and their flocks, for all members of the Synod, and for the whole Australian church, as an a.ugury of Divine favour and of all heavenly blessings The reply from the Vatican was couched in the following terms •—" The Supreme Pontiff, hoping, through the assistance of the Holy Spirit, for abundant fruits from the second Plenary Council of Australia, cordially grants the blessing which is asked for —(Signed) Cardinal Rampolla." To give representative men of the community an opportunity of meeting Cardinal,Moran and.the other members of the Roman Catholic hierarchy now attending the Plenary Council, a number of leading members of the Catholic ^Church- Organised a conversazione, which was held on Monday night in the Town Hall. Over seventeen hundred invitations were issued. Among those present were his Excellency the Governor and the Hon. MisR Margaret Brand, the Chief Justice, Sir Frederick Darley, and other members of the Supreme Court Bench, the Premier and his colleagues, and the heads of the Protestant and Jewish bodies in Sydney. The hall was beautifully decorated. The entertainment consisted of an organ recital by the city organist. THE VINCENTIANS IN SYDNEY. On Sunday a new church for the Vincentian Fathers was opened and blessed at Ashlield, near Sydney, by Cardinal Moran, assisted by all the prelates taking part in the Plenary Council, now sitting in Sydney. The Cardinal said, in addressing the vast assemblage, that the ceremony in which they had just assisted, and the dedication of that very beautiful church, marked a memorable day in the religious history of Ashfield. Those distinguished prelates present that afternoon had come from the remotest portions of Australasia, and there was not one district that had not sent its representative to the Plenary Council. They came from the pearl fisheries of Queensland, and the goldfields of Western Australia; from the young congregations in cannibalistic and uncivilised parts, and from the nearer centres of civilisation in this colony. They all rejtrlced together that such a church was now dedicated to the service of God and to the honour of 'St. Vincent de Paul. Also, that the name of that saint was to be perpetuated throughout Australia. Sometimes men were puzzled when looking into the history of the Catholic Church. They saw societies arise among them from time to time, flourish, ana grow, and then decay, and they were puzzled that the Catholic Church, after 19 centuries of growth and vitality, was as full of vigour as when it came from the Saviour's hands 19 centuries ago. The reason was not far to seek. The Church was not like human institutions. These had growth and decay, but the Church was the work of God. It was a living society, that had come from the power, wisdom, and majesty of God. It was quickened by His divine life, animated by His spirit and cheered by His presence. The Divine Saviour came to impart His own diviue life to the Holy Church, and, though He had withdrawn His material presence from it He was still truly present, and was quickening it in the same way as when, on the shores of Galilee, He imparted His heavenly wisdom to those around. It was precisely in this spirit of the Holy Church that the prelates of Australia gathered togetherJta the Plenary Council. Th^-jWfl^iiofOcSpMi^o deliberate lK)liti^%fttets; l3ut t9 -jetmetuate the true-'light' and divine "faith and the blessings ofi jGWfeqwj charity, as well as those g&c;«• which WeWthe Divine iuh^rltafice.._pf the,-- CaW)lic Church. For thfs/^& Jv^VtWfl^-prelates were assembled, add !tfcey'rejoiced that on this occasion such a church was dedicated to God and to the honour of St. Vincent de Paul. St Vincent de Paul was, in his day, a shining example of what was best and noblest in his native land. He .was a pillar of the Christian virtue® and charity, and through his preaching and instrumentality the blessings of Christian charity were spread not only in bis immediate neighbourhood, but throughout the length and breadth of the country. So effective was his preaching that he had been selected among 700 to be the patron of the great works of charity that characterised the Catholic Church. Such a spirit they desired to see prevail throughout the Australian colonies. He .(the Cardinal), if he had time, would Peculiarly the Society of St Y^at de Paul was fitted for the colonies, but he was comto leave the gathering, and tKS 0311 u P° n the Archbishop of n t to take the chair. *>£ Melbourne said he offered: jthe Vlncentlam Fathers hi? sincere congratulations on the ceremony in which they had just joined. Their new church was u, beautiful and maguifieent. structure. He would, however, ]>oint out that, no mutter how humble a. church illicit be. it assisted in diffusing the benefits of religion, liven The memorial stone set up by the l'atrlarch was venerated anions the people for centuries afterwards. Their church was one of which the people of the district might well be proud. It was unique of its kind. The priests and people had generally been content to follow the old Gothic style, which, in many respects, was very beautiful and suitable. The type of wliich this church was a model antedated the Gothic. It brotight back to the imagination and memory some of the churches of the old Koman Empire. The old basilicas were peculiarly fitted for the wants of the people. It wtis Jd^ired .that the people ; the -jv&tA;^frg the ceremoniesJaha there were nb Obstructions or pillar^ tdJtotereertr-the. v,few. This idea w;as>&, fMnnWiJr-tMs phuflcli, ji.iid one tliat,'>the people wouM,' no doubt, appreciii&> ; ^here ^wSrt/also plenty of space fofcdijnabi&ifatton.; The Vincentian Fathers 1safl manifested taste in a. very considerable degree in selecting such a kind of architecture, and the building, when completed, would possess features of interest and utility such as would not be found in many other churches. The people of Ashfield were to be congratulated on the possession of such a splendid church. : A subscription list, was then opened, and the total amount received was between £400 and £.">00. 