Across the Border. I had been iuvited to Julia, Butler's wedding. I did not approve of its coming off bo soon after her aunt's death, There was indecent haste, I thought, in these marriage festivities 10 days after the funeral. But then I had old- fashioned ideas about some things. My judgment was not consulted. ' Come and see the presents,' said Alice, Julia's young sister, who was dancing around in a gleeful way. ' They are just lovely.' ' Not in here, surely?' I said, drawing back at the door. ' Yes, here,' she said, laughing, as she pulled me in among the other dozen or so of guests,' who were talking in a subdued way, as they examined the Dresents. I felt a cold shiver creeping over me as I glanced at the bed iu the centre ??.of the room, which was ? bespread with presents. It was no wonder I shivered. The room hart gruesome associations. It was the room in w hich llhoda Crump bad suffered agony from an incurable disease for a year or more ; and from that decked-out bed she had been carried to her grave only 10 days aeo. Somehow I felt too heartsick to examine the things. A glance showed me the usual number of cake baskets, butter 'knives, sugar spoons, and the like, and I noticed a handsome bronze clock on a small table beside the bed. That which held my eje, however, was a large crayon picture of the bride in a heavy gilt frame, which had evidently been en larged from a photograph. The picture rested against the table which held the clock, and beside it, on the carpet, stood a pair of old Bhoes, withthe toes worn open. I knew the shoes. They were relics of Bhoda. I had been with her a good deal during her sickness, and had often rallied her upon her affection for those old shoes. II They fit every creaEe and joint,' she would Bay iu apology. It seemed as if the shoes diffused a sardonic grin upon the tine company around them. The eyes of the portrait drew me with strange insistence. I had heard Julia called the image of her Aunt Bhoda as Bhe was at 25. Now, as I looked, Bhoda's eyes, as I knew them, sharp, keen, yet pathetic with suffering, Beemed to be looking through those of the picture mto mine. By degrees tbe whole face changed. The rounded outline of Julia's countenance was effaced, and Ehoda's shrewd, slightly querulous but kindly face appeared iu its. stead. I was awakened from my dream bv a question over my shoulder from a tall voung woman who had been looking at the picture when T entered. ' Very true likeness of Julia,' she commented; 'don't you think so?, I feel all in a crawl,' Bhe bent to whisper. ' I must get ont, it is so disagree able here.' - ' Klioda Crump died in this, room,' I said, briefly. ' \\)h, did she ?' queried the young woman : ' I believe she is here yet There's somebody or some thing uncanny in the room. Do look behind that curtain. Someone may be lurking there for the Bilver,' Bhe added, with a forced laugh. ' Nonsense,' 1 6aid, as I swept the portiere aside and opened the closet door which it concealed.' ' See for yourself.' She peered inside the clothes closet. ' There is nothing so get-at-able as a burglar here,' declared a woman who joined iis just then. Tbe others had filed out silently. ' I should suppose,' she added, ' that Bhoda Crump suffered enough in this room to be glad to get out of it, but I seem to feel her around.' I glanced at the shoes. 'Why are they here ?' I said inconsequently. She hurried out, but I was detained by some strange fascination. I stood by the bed staring into vacancy. Was it vacancy ? To my fancy it was peopled with invisible forms. I glanced at the por trait. Julia had now displaced Bhoda. But Bhoda seemed to be an active creature in the room, heading a band of 6hadowy followers. All at once I remembered what Bhe had eaid to me a week before her death. ' If I do not make things uncomfortable for that girl '—meaning Julia—' after I have got out of the body, it will be because I am not able to exert an in fluence. There is retribution in store for her '.. especially, and I believe I am to be an instrument. :'. I shall find help in the shadow land to carry it out.' While I thought of this a din from the shuffling of many feet seemed to fill the room. Three sounding raps on ttie headboard of the bed sent me hurrying out of the room, as if the Old Nick was after me. ?? . -; I went and mingled with the others in the par lours, glad of a little hilarity to overcome the buga boos. The wedding passed, off pleasantly enough. The pair left the house at a late hour to take a train to Chicago. While the rice rained in showers as they passed out to the carriage, I saw someone standing in the doorway holding up the old shoes and about to fling them. Julia turned qoicklv as Bomeone Bhouted, ' Old shoes for good luck ! ' and said with flashing eyes, ' Don't yon offer to throw them after me f' Ihe hatred in her pretty face made it posit vely ogiy. I lay a long time thinking that night, while James slept quietly. 1 could not get Bhoda out of my mind. She had lost her husband and her child years before and was called rather ' queer ' by her relatives. She had strange, abrupt ways and was not a general favourite. But I had always liked her. She was a strong woman mentally and I had often thought that she bore her terrible suffering with the heroism of a martyr. She had many good points. She was just to the last jot and tittle, but she did not know the meaning. cf the word ' generosity,' either in thought or act. She was unforgiving and unyield ing. ' Bender good for good, evil for evil,' was her motto. She had made her home for years with her married brother, and there had been constant friction between her and the members of the house hold. It grew worse after her brother's death, and 'the strain upon all, by her long sickness, seemed to cap the climax of disagreement. Jihoda. had held her own opinions about the other world. She believed there was no cessation of action after the breath left the body. She had never taken any interest in so-called modern Spiritualism, yet her views had a strong flavour of that belief. '? There is an invisible body, inside of this one we can see,' she used to say. ' People touch elbows with U3 every day, and we do riot feel, much less 6ee, them, except under certain receptive conditions. Is this so very strange ? Are we usually conscious of pressure from air or eiderdown ? Is there anything very odd ? in the belief in invisible jpeople ? Don't tell me we -go off at once when we get out of this body, if we Save any interest in staying around. I for one don't expect to be spirited away any farther than I choose togo?' . . ' She certainly hasn't left that room yet,' I said aloud, conviction growing strong in the darkness.' . 'That she hasa't,' said a voice near me. I started up. -Was it the voice of- Bhoda ? ' Did you speak to me ? ' James asked in a sleepy tone. . ' Oh, it was you,' I said, half ashamed of my credulity. ' Let us go to sleep.' But James was already snoring again. Julia's home was to be in Chicago. Her husbaud held a good position on a railway, and her outlook was prosperous. At first *he wrote of the pleasant home she had in the Lake City. Presently there was a discontented note in her letters. She was lonesome at nights, with Fred away so much. There was some thing strange about the rooms where they lived. She had been awakened night after night by sounds of shuffling feet and short chuckling laughs in the room where she slept. Fred had heard the same on the nights when he was at home. He declared the place was haunted. They intended to move as soon as possible. All this was recounted to me by Mrs. Butler, Julia's mother, as I had known the family for. years. One night about this time I dreamed of seeing Julia and her husband walking hand in hand up the gravelled path, shaded by chestnuts, which led to the Butler homestead. Though their faces were familiar, they seemed to be children in stature, and their clothes were in rags. In my dream I saw them go up to the front door and ring the bell, then, as it did not open, they went round to a side door and be gan to batter it. Within a week I heard that thev were both back to the homestead, and that Fred had lost his posi tion. When I went over to the house I found .Tula changed from a rattling, thoughtless girl of six months ago to a subdued, unsmiling woman, disin clined to talk much. . After a while Fred got another position o'. a rail road, though it commanded small pay. Julia re mained at home with her mother. Within four months her little girl was born. j I was &eut; for that night. ' Julia Eeemed to want j you here,' her mother whispered. ' She has the j queerest notions. She thinks her Aunt lthoda hauuta j fier, and that you will have some power to Jar the j ghost. Of course it is all foolishness, but Julia j knows she was not very kind to her aunt, and in her j state of health Bhe ib liable to notions. I am glad I you are here.' - I I went in and spoke cheerfully to Julia. Shs I looked beyond my shoulder nervously. I ' I want yon to stay round and keep her away,' 1 she said. ' The doctor would not uuderstand if I I told him anything. He would think I was crazy.' I ' No one shall trouble you to-night,' I said I soothiugly. 1 I had a whimsical idea that if Bhoda Crump was I indeed around, she would 'think it scarcely just to I harass the young woman in this her supreme hour. I And she did uot. ? Julia still remained with her mother. When little ? Grace was a beautiful child six months old she sud- I denly sickened and died. The doctor had no diagnosis I to reach the case. The child had been perfectly I healthy and was laughing and crowing in her M mother's arms, when the little form became con- I vulsed with pain, and before the doctor got there she I was dead. ? Julia's tearless grief was touching. I ' I saw a black shadow come over her face like a ? flash just before the -convulsion,' Julia told me. M ' It seemed like Aunt Bhoda's hand reached out to ? Bnatch my baby from me.' ? ' Surely not,' I said hastily. ' We must not be ? foolishly superstitious.' I It was not long after this that Julia joined her I husband m the new, though rather humble, home he ? was now able to make for her in the distant town ? where his work lay. They were only fairly settled fl when Julia succumbed to illness. Weeks of intense ? Buffering followed, during which Bhe was at the ? mercy of an unscrupulous hired nurse. Her mother ? would have gone to her, but her own feeble health ? forbade the journey. H The rest of this curious story hangs upon the old ? shoes, Rboda's wedding present, Julia told me all fl the circumstances three years afterwards, when her ? second child had come to cheer her heart. H She had never been troubled with the strange H nose. since the birth of little Grace, though it had M eeemed; to her during her sickness that some grim ^M relentless form was always by her bedside. But oje ^1 night, when she was convalescent and was free from ^B pain once more, she dreamed of seeing Bhoda. smil- ^H ing, at her bedside, while she held up the old shoes ^H and chuckled over them. In a jiffy she had them on ^M her feet, and was dancing around the room like a ^M madcap school girl, strewing small silver pieces on ^M the carpet after her, and Julia saw that the silver ^M . waB issuing through the open toes of the old shoes ^M faster and faster, and awoke herself, laughing at the ^H oddity of it. ^H A week later word was brought to her that Fred ^M had been injured in a railway smash up, and had ^M been carried to the hospital. ^H The wolf was soon at her door. How to gat bread ^M while the bread -wiuner was disabled was the qu«- ^H tiou. . ^H One morning the bell belonging to her second floor ^H rooms gave a resounding peal. ^B Y She hastened down to tLe.door as fast as her ^H weakness would permit, aiid .iound there a msn ^H standing, who was enveloped in a loose garment ^^m resembling the Boman toga. He looked tall and im- ^H pressive. His face was of chalky whiteness, and h:s ^H round, keen black eyes seemed to bore holes through. ^H her head aB he looked at her. , ^B ' Good morning,' he said, with a bow. and ^H speaking with a foreign accent. ' I will state my ^B business at. once. I am in search of a pair of dead ^H men's shoes.' ^H| Julia drew back, thinking he was a lunatic. ^^H ' I am perfectiy sane,' he said, with a peculiar ^H smile. ?' I repeat. I want a pair of dead men a ^H| shoes, genuine ones. You do not understand, l-et ^^^H me explain. I am before the public as a spirit mesmerist. I perform strange feats,, and am some times accused of being in league with the devil. In the course of my training I discovered by mere acci dent that by stepping into a pair of shoes which had once belonged to a man now out of the body I could become en rapport with his spirit. I could* call him up before an audience with all his spirit associates and make them provide entertainment. Some in fluence directed me to your door, and indicated the second bell.' ' I have a dead woman's shoes,' Julia Baid rather sharply. It was only that morning she had come across them in the bottom of a box packed by AJice. ' So much the better if they are genuine,' he responded eagerly. ' May I see the shoes ? ' Julia went up stairs and soon returned with them. The man in the toga took them in his hands and held tliem up. ' She suffered,' he said in a whisper. ' She was uuforgiving She was just, but not generous. She is an earth-bound spirit now, but she is progress ing.' He changed his tone. 'They are not my size,' he said briskly, with a glance at his own small, neat foot, 'but they are. worth 50dol. to me.' Julia's eyes were blinded by tears when he gave her the crisp bank notes from his pocket-book. '' It is foolish, I know,' Julia said at the close of her story, ' but I half believe that Aunt lthoda has engineered a good part of my life since Bhe ' crossed over,' just as she said she would. Ai.ter I had suffered enough for my heartless treatment of her, the old sho3s I despised were the means — ' ' Nonsense.' 1 interrupted. ' It is all your fancy. But what became of the man in the toga 'i ' ' Oh, he put up big posters, hired a hall, drew big crowds and made money, while the papers told of his wonderful powers. Perhaps he was a humbug, but he saved me from starvation.' — i\~. 1'. Sunday Jinan-//. ? 