ODDS AND ENDS. I fi [BI PAUL JONES.]g The inventive genius of Mr. J. Davies (our local smithy) will bring about a revolution a in the medical world. He has been recently i1 employed for a long time i? completing his work. which W ill'?rtlybe* introduced to the world.- ?'e sdar been endevosi keep his lret frif friends, - ut-l t bag within thbe earing' efa ?idy. na•as cance, tli: fat Is in the fre. Hi' rels] upon the latter':to kee tiles iuventid n stecet, i which shb tias 'done (as'usual by"elling hb a mother, who in turn has informed someone else, until at last it has reaclted me. "From what I can gather the new invention is no-. thing more or less than an nutonmatic medi cal man. A wooden figure of a man is pro vided with little drass all over him. labelled with the names of different ailnents. Yttu drop a coin into the slot in the particular region of the body where your own tin is situated, and out iops the drawer wills the proper pill or powder in it. He calls the figure 'Dr. Cure- all !' Hogan's ghost what will private practitioners may to this r kind of 'public practice ' No doubt they will hate it rother mote than they do hospt. talss. Several phrenologists who minanipubtted SJoe's cranium wthen a boy, all agreed that his bump of constructivenes was large and that there was ' something in his head.' " The modern fathions in ladies' boll dresses are becoming seriaius, and those bolster-like sleeves are something alarming. I thought whilst dancing with a lady at the hopital hop on Friday evening that aster she ha displayed her toile: to the company that it would hen fair thing if the would retire to the ladiaes' room '.nd unhinge sname and leave them with her cloak. However, thelimited t accomodation at the shire hall for ladies would prevent many of these adornments heing placed in ths cloak room. If the sleeves were made of waterproof material e they could ba used for water hbgs in summer s when the owners would otherwise have no use for them. Sq gents. will haveto put up with these legot mutton sleeves until sime thintg more sig~ih7 comas along. The sooner the better " ,The Duke of Argyll t the father of twelve t childreiii Aet t idg to his own statement, 1 therefore, he euitss to be pluaged in dire is pperty, Jr. l -has Jfets, written to a Scotch newspsper that ths ces6e of p.verty in the i flighlans'i siempyly rapid awt enoermous. incrrelis of-phis ualafii, due to the habit of is reekless breeding.' If the Duke I a nore. r ga for mso .locogslstency, ut leasºt he s might&av; A nb'chn re vutigttrity as this. tr lospeak of end's f llow- creaturets s if they Swere- pies, iound by altogether different moral obligations, from those- to. bh ob. served by htindowners,. comes well indteed I from the lips of one who claims that cultuie anti refineme t reach their climax in Iis n class. I have iheard of"the'Devill reproving r, sin, but never quite re.alised how ludierous re the-process was until seeing this instance of s. the father' of bht s duke's fasity repsoving ' reckless breedint.' The story that the i Duke for the third' time contemplates mar. riage remains uncontradieted.. The. futures tiduhess is Miss Ins Ersaine P'Neilk an, , extra b. deltbser. woman-to the Queen, and a niece of Sir John l'Neill.. The Itdy iq a e dhnushter of Malcolm M'N? illy the ymoaoeso )e brother of Sir John, audi wss born in 1874, e, being'tius'21. The MMNeills- are an ancient n- anti di- tinguished familty, who for many as generation's hav bhared with tile Camphbells n thei ownership of the west. rn isles. The at Duke was born, in 1'828& and is 72 years of /e age. He has been twice married. id Everyu daiy' itriigs, forth au.annou'omemcn d. that one or more of the l-egafratrsity hive nB been guilty of mnispprtpriating cliente' or emplbyees' monies. ruom thse whomt we e- wouidl excapot to display intelligence inthe . profassion in which they have gradusatentand d, sueesafully Dassed,. the opposite' is the Srulle, at t of la earn.. Lawyers 'are truly a well.proerted elas, for shi law al Slows theim ts. virtually escape scot flee. he Beyond heing suspended or- struck. of' the nl -olr of: attorneys, they receive no, further he punishment. A mai in, London, recently at 'was sentenced to three' years" imprs'tonenot he for stealin- ttfew potiuntes weight of mean. A of solicitor for embezzling £2.000' of trust lmoney was struck off the roll.. Thenvarieud degrissn f' slime are thus de fined: H?.e whe, steals a million' is only a finaticier ;. who stealls hlf a million is merely ey a defaulter ; who steas i hundred thotsand er is a rogue; who steal- fifty thousand is a S knave.. Bat ihe whlip.steals a pair of bortits",.ris lie tu.rmtin.o a t, s.l ,!eptl, ist ...cousn.drel anti e. be lynched.' as ne The constant drsp'of water Wears away the hardest stone; Th The constant gnaw of Towser ,to Masticates the tou ghest bone.. s The constant cooing lover ii. Carries off the-blushing maid' ; s And the constant advertiser Is the-one who gets the trade. ire am' ii-receipt of the following letter from Mr. Robert Hanning, which will no doubt be read with much interest by his numerous friends in Alexandra, and by those by whom he was widely known and respeeted when he ly was 'on the roads.'-' Coolgardie,. July' 11th, 1895. Dear Paul: I am forwarding you a few line in order that you may know the dead man has come to life. I am enjoy ing very good health-thanks to the cup im which cheere but does not inebriate. This g Coolgardle is a wonderful place. There ore ed thousands of people to. be seen in theo streets, in. both night and day. Three' brass hands are' playingevery night, and two theatres well. S atronsed. Iwould like tosee Lousy Hos. r 'sing and his beand over here. They would be Ssure to do. well as his boys are good players.. i Then there isthe extra, attraction in having of Wally Viningas a lefth-bandt-dtplayer. (I was vey srry to hear of .the painful accident which betelibim.) There are more people to bo b- seen in the streets here than in Melbourne. I would certainly advise any good mechanics 50 and labour-re (who are strong and healthy),. by and cannot obtain employment in Alexandra, ol to come oves'here. I am sure they would bs never go back without being 'ahead' of it i-n, a short time. There is slenty of work. A rai.t lne is to be eoentrifoTedlfi~ in-coiol- of gar~te to Southern Cross. -For myself; lam 0 driving a if-horse -coaeht, from Coolgardie to ') , Suthern Crosa;a distance of 130 miles. Wp r, i:hlage horses 'evsry 10 iniles; and yoti bet i we travel along. Ihbtudle frem -65 to 70 to hors.a every d'lay. We average from 18 to 'e 20 passengeeo,"the fare' being £5, with 301be. ebggage allowed-all over that weight, fit per lb. I habe met a few Alexandrane over E here-Harrio ?arras, T. Stillman, J.. Barry and e.eostalte Dlawson. - Deas 1Pe],-£ hope you don't think ! am trying he depopur late your grand little town of &lxandrea;, but I rosily thiank io ls only faiiff"you nan send sr alonig geod news to Old psld wb h o ' out of to Iarness ' to sdi so, as we ihuht lodk to new to plaieslff ttbwd.aftb 'd'eal a good hand to tthe ta.a The ehne0blpesy ]retdtyone and the hbuilding contae-s .ot-rich quart, which has been contributed by the ownereot the various mines t hwulsaout the Murchison district, so If thiner get-very bad, they will' be ahib to turn the gleesinto an asset by a putting' it thirough ' haiery. I think * Devon ought to Je. a good thing fir the next * Melboarne Caui. KInd regards to all friends. Bismuarek attribute, his ohls age ans pres ent physiqueas being due to the- fact that he has alwaya indulged daily in a cold bath. Why we have ?a restident Ia Alexatsdia'as'esls as the Iron Man, and who is as hard as nails 'to-day. My friend boasts of the fact that he never had a bath since lthe neae handed he himovertshis proud mother. What is poIson Sfor onU, however, is food .for another, and -'thins the world wags. -'' -" .- , Of late a large number of piublicans In the city and suhurbs of Melbourne have been fined for selling inferior and * light-weight' grog. Many of the hotels have been held in high favour with the publf. in the past, and tie patrons of those ho-telries must look aghast when they learn that they hbvo been drinking infe ifr spirits. One aun forgive a publican for dilluting hi, whisky, buth when he discov ra thaic he has beer, drinking white spirit in lien of the g.unino atiole it is time to give such places a wide berth. I have, often hoard about the stuff you are served with in bus' shanties, but the report of the excise offli e as of It e spirits supplied in some of the above hotels prompts me to - step in on behalf of the proprietors of our roadlway inns and sy, at least so far as Altixandra in coneerni t. that not one of them would ba gihly of off,-ring such vile ingre dients to the trv-.lhing publin as is now being serve td in aome of the Melbourne and suburban psi s. Speaking on this enestion reminds me of a story told by one of your local medicsa some few months ago. - A patient was a'gutuo with the doctoron the ne-esasily of his taking a stimulant: he urged that he was weak and needed it. Said he: ' But, duct-,r, I must have some kind of a stimulant :.Inm cold, and it warms m.,.' ' Preeisely,' came the di. ettor's ctty answer, ' see here this stick is cold,' taiking up a stick of wood from the tbox beside the hearth, and teasing it Into the fire. 'Now it is warm, but is the stick benefited ' The sick man watch d the wood first rend not little s puffs of smoke, and then hurnt into a flame, and replied : ' Of course Sot; is is burning t itself.' 'And so are you when you wine 1 yourself with alcohol ; youn tue literally I rsening up the delicate tissues of your t stomach andul brain.' Anal as, say all of uis,. a doctor. if the patient wa" served with the Starme kind of grog recently seized in the 1 hotels in tihe city ul sauburbs. 'The dilatoriness of *or Govewnment de Spartmnte fis a mattero4 evommon notorie y, 1 but I think the following case pnhtlished its ra -cent number of Tsus& goes one beittr u than any of oni Colonial offices :-Thel p English War Offlee hais itst solemnly pub lished this notice: 'The King's Own (York-. r shiro).-Lieutenntt J.. Ii:. Nohle (since- die cenased) is seconded for snecial extra regimen t al employment.' Thii is truTy great.. Apparently it took them- ea l?nog to at rtange, t for this man'h politmotion than he died it the Smeantime; whicht fact coming to' their ' knowledge they embody in tih it announce Sment, within, brackets, .s- a itsort of minor ou tnimportant point whtioh iy no means makes, Sle.niannounconsent unnecoeary. is Seeingthuat the Library Committee-aro he s. stirring themselves in the iut-restat (morallh )) y of its subscribers, I wowd respectfully rt erenmmend their attention to the following b. infbumation fiom anI Etglith soientific jour d nal :-' We liav' repeatedly adverted, iw in these coliumns to? the dinger oil hitrary books. io as the conv.yers oh diseas- form house to ig house. Tlia rist is greatly nugmentx", by is the- reader who- persists in wetting; the of flnger, with-thile month hef,,r tnrning. over ag cleaf. In foot,, the authorities- among the i- circulating libraries of Diesdin have bee Sconducting a series of u.xloeriments to de re terinenoif boona in- general, use beconme- at on medium-for the communiealiibn, otf- infetion.. Suniled' leaves were tubbeito fit withc dry a fingers andl then with- web ones: anti the-rei ta sniau microscopiully examinedi . No mi 4, crobe;,. or few,. were foundt on the dily nt -itgets,. liEn it is stated. thatu many were: y found onthb. other-s i The visit of: 'ihahzadk. N ,ru;iili, Khn n, hb seconil soontithe Amce of Algarnstan;, ite of cs-ud much. exciterne',t, iii London.. AlI though. the hai py. hiluenad' of OevWnttleen, t wifus,.i. hes tcontented himselfi en, this- cor vo .siont with hi inging only two.. r Oneo of the shi e-nmidiates-mzn nganinhet' e i"snag' when. a nvas-ing. a few days since.. ml i'hinking bto fhatter a mu,,tron ofl some sixty h mtners. ,ri:n who- habidl ti as many' tirinklest ire on hier frontitp-icoe an thoe wern' waltzes I at the lastb Cifluleellh diuno; hie aitroto?edl no. hier thus . he Vhereareeyou' going. my pretty maid '? er Ir'm going a.canviasing,.tacke,-he said:r, . ily What tre your politics,-my- pretty'maid I tab i'm In fatvour of tie duog.tax,.Jhek, e-e said. A ib. it known Jack is 'agin" to ' dux-tan.. uat Tho weight of: a million sovereigns newly, minted,.is 10 tons 14 cat. LJ-lbs.. Almillion, c pounds' worth of fise- h-co..c il silvenpieces Sof British, money weighs over 151. tons 10r ly owl.. 'Theso ernormoust weigits and values Smay be represented by a fewaioundibofbank. i AiuoAt'ihrb flit-raaliy, iardt?work- manyLJf- oar .A?xtý ra boy -'emti- to acioomiptishb su effcsi~lyl9s ties omEiofake a olga retU5', About 2;500 personm partook ofl tea, at tilet rectnt Ioutr"san Testival, held in. Sydney',.,: at which BishopiGoe was pr' se?it. In round numbers the membhers of the t(hun-r of; England in, the Sydney diocese ' number - 240,000, or not qpite half of. the total:for the ncolony, and, the number of.clergyunan ornlyr: 132,. or about one to every 1500- adherents, There is only ohnrchbacoomodation.forn abonuc. one.fifth of: those.. t Brides ought; to gladtly welcome tile dist m cearding of- theo orthodox fashionao. having to. . he carry a heavy bouqpet during the timea ihe ly eaves her home until site returas from the' ng marriage: con mony.. Instead o" the flowers,. w a prayer Book. has been-saubstituted.. . ty. A ladies Otango lthdgehas been estabthlishedxl up in-N.S.W., and is called '1lbs daughters off' its Dorry.' nlot order that the branch should be re tablishedi on agood- footiug,.seven.smale oi. i, case were selected from the most experiencedi ire members-of the various lodges,,by whome the, eli business was conducted.. S An improved, cap. foe riders engaged in, amping races has- just. been introduced into. Sthe Clelbourne market by Mr,. M. P. Gonsal ag dine.. It is-a stiflskall, mp oLsuffcient subs istance apparently to afford'considerablepro.. S'teotion to the heasds otf joek'ys who-may have' the- misfortune to- fall, and tie ordinary , cky' silk--sa fitsover it. As we anelikely sto have itli time out tIhe shire eleotibn day,. It mighn e as well for a few ol the oppositiuni tato procusa| fs w o' theme. -. 'It, . 