CICELY AND MADGE. CHAPTER XXXVII.— {Continued.) 'Oh, no, no!' cried Madge. 'Do leave me, please do, I am not well, I cannot do anything to-day !' Alas, if she had expected them to send him from her, she was mistaken. ' Not well !' he cried, and all his affected cool ness was gone, he 00 me to her and lcoked anxiously in he* face. ' Not well, my dearest ! What is fche mnf.htr 9' 'Oh, nothing, nothing ! It only means you must leave me! Ah, don't you understand— that I— that you must not be with me, that I am a married woman in the sight of the law, though not in the sight of God.' ' My darling, what change is this ? You are not more married now than you were in London, and yon had no such fear. Great heaven, you cannot think, because jou are here alone, yon are in danger from mei' ' Oh, no, no V* ' What is it then? Ah !' he cried, for some new tenderneaB in her eyes sent a ray of joy to his heart. ' Is it possible yon yourself have changed, that you love me, my darling 9' She hid her face in her hands, but he could see the burning blushes covering her neck and brow. ' My dear one, don't say one word, I see, I under stand, and I thank God ! But you need fear nothing, I know now that we cannot be only friends, and more than friends we must not be, yet there is deep joy in my heart, darling. Even this is something to live for! I am going, you need not fear me ! I will not come near you. I will send the lady I spoke of, who will connsel and be friend you. I promise never to see you alone, even if the chance offers after this.' He seised her hand and pressed a passionate kiss on it, and then, without anocher word or look, he left the room. After he had gone she ran to the window and watched till she saw his tnll form emerge and cross into Madison Square. ' Now, quick, I must go ! He means to he true to his word, but I dare not trust. I must leave this before he can do anvthinc to nrevfinr,' _ And with hurried, feverish bands she packed the little baggage she had, and rung the bell to make inquiries about modes of travel and time for departure. ***** Lorrimer bethought himself after he had left the Albemarle that he haa been so engrossed by Madge, he had not gone to his club, to which he had ordered Martin to send any news he might have by telegraph. He did not expect any telegram, hut it was Derhftnn nn to«I1 fr- aaa He went direct to the Manhattan and, to his surprise, found two cablegrams had been waiting tor him several days. He tore one open; it was from Martin : ' Certificate found. Wife was living after date of second He stftred at the message as if he could noc understand. ' Can it be ?' He almost forgotthat he had still one telegram unopened ; he was going away with it still in his haad, when he remembered it. He opened it anxiously, as if it contained a fiat of fate that might reverse the news of the first message. Fraught with fate indeed was it. Happy fate! Its words were : ' St. John killed by accident. Letter;' How he got from the office and to the Albernarle Hotel he never kt:ew, so iatoxioated was he with happiness. He pictured to himself Madge, darling Madge, aglow with joy as he had first seen her. When she should hear his news she would not believe it, and then it would be his sweet task to convince hor. His heart throbbed joyously, and all his blood coursed through his veins like liquid fire as he drove to the hotel, and hastily wrote a line on his catd and handed it to the hill porter who, looking at it, returned it. 'The lady went away a few minutes ago, sir.' ?' Gone ? Gene away ? Impossible !' He rushed from the man to the office, and there found that Madge had indeed gone. ' Poor, dp ar, mid girl,' he murmured, all his bright hooeB terribly dushed. ' Why could fate be so cruel as to send her wandering, when happi ness awaited her.' fpj-mw l-~ 1 ? J.1 ? ...uj. l_: ? 1.1 ? l. _i ? l ? 1 j ? i_n ? jlucu 11c ueouuugub liiuj ifuuu but; lliu uuuuuiuch procured information at the office, which would give him a clue to where she was gone. He found on inquiry that she had inquired about Philadelphia trains, and had taken a hack to the Pensylvania Depot. Lorrimer hastily asked the time the train would start, and found she hud gone an hour too soon, and that he would have time to stop her. Anxiously he endured the inevitable delays that beset the hack before it could reach its destination. Many times he believed he could have walked much more quickly — for it was before the days of rapid transit ; but common bense prevailed, and he Kept his seat till he found himself before the ferry, and then he sprang out, rushed p-ist every one, and there, bewildered, frightened, pale, and unutter ably sad, stood Madge, poor, forlorn traveller. Ah, it was good to see the rush of joy in her face, the glad little cry with which she started to meet him S3 he ectered the ferry-house; and then, remembering her resolution, hung back. But he was by her side, looking with happy eyes down into the little, sad face, that was so soon to light with joy. But he could not waste the bliss of seeing it, of telling his story in that; place. Taking her hand, he said in a broken voice : ' Come, my little would-be traveller ! I have news for you.' ' I dare not — I cannot.' ' You dire and you can.' Overpowered by something masterful in his tone, she' yielded ; and when they were once in the carriage he turned to her and said m a voice Bbaken -and trembling : ' My darline, you are mine ! Nothing comes between ug. Ton were never really married to that man! See!' He saw whe could not believe, and he put the written words before her. And then, with a low, joyful cry, she turned to him. ' My darling, my precious, my sweet little girl !' be cried, straining her passionately to his breast, and raining kisseB on her face, hands, and hair. Was there ever such happiness since the world began as that of these two happy people ? They thought not, At all events. ?CHAPTER XXXVIII. A wild night at sea and a brave vessel struggling ?with the wave, her saloon full of frightened men and women, who loik at ea.ih other in awe, as one tretnen'lous wave after another washed over the deck, and they hear tfu» ominous orders given above. The frnccl -hin Wilna is in dundly peril. Her .screw broke before the storm, and she is almost helpless before the wind nnd waves. One woman, with a wild, white face, is more terrified than the rest. She. spsaks to no one, she has not done so since aho onme on board at South-i ampton, and now she paces the saloon, her hands clenched on either side. ' HeavenB, what have I done ? I am not fit to die !' she mutters, and, rs one terrible souud after another reveals the extremity of their peril, her despairing face is one to strike terror into tho beholders. ' That unhappy womau has an evil conscience, ' one remarks to another, but she heeds nothing and oaly listens, and then tliers cr»m?s a cry : ' The boats ! TV-e boata !' and the doors are flung opon and the piesengers reach the deck, clinging to one another to save theroseves from being blown down. Boats — a hopeless effort in such The woman with tho white face looks terror stricken at them. ,,.,..„,_ 'I will not go in onp, I sbonid sinfc it, sne moans to herself. Then, grasping something in her hand, she asks a tall man near her, if he is a good crciminer. , ' No woree luck, for we shall all need our swim ming powers to-night! That man there,' pointing to a short, stout man, ' is said to be the best swim mer on board !' , , ,. Even at that hour Laura Perceval looked at the man who spoke with a kind of vague wonder. What a free conscience he muse nave : ou u«»i «™»»»i, ~~ swimmer, and so calm ! But she had something to do: she would not live through fchis night she knew. She felt whoever else survived the wreck ot tho Wilna, she would not. Holding on by anything she could grasp, she made her way to the stout man, who was a good Bwimmer, and addressed him : ?'Sir I have a packet here of great importance to a great family. I shall not see the morning light. Will you talre it ?' *' Many of ua will not see the morning light, I'm thinking,' said the man ; ' but I'll do anything if I live ? ' ' You will live.— I think it— I feal it,' she said in prophetic tones. 'Take this, and when you reach shore setd it to ita destination.' She handed a packet, wrapped in oilskin, to him, and he took it and placed it in his breast. ' I will do my best to carry out your wishes. If I live, it shall he doae ; bub don't you give up the ghost like this. You may get through as well as any of us. Stick to me ; I'll do my best for you.' ' I will drag no one down with me. I have done such wrong that I hope for no mercy. My doom is sealed.' (To ha continued,.) 