"ALL MEN ARE LIARS." JOSEPH HOCKING, AUZHOB or •Andrew Fairfax," " Ishmael Pengellr," &c;„ Ac. PubUthed by special arrangement wiik Utter*. Ward, Lock df Boicden, Ltd, ]~A1X SIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTEB XVI. CUSBBNT M0BAT.1TY. "Bfl not righteous overmuch: Be not overmuch wicked, neither ba thou foolish"—Solomon. The Calonal looked at his son-in-law for a few seconds, as though he ware in doubt bow to proceed ; then he eaid loudly— " Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy; I came to tell yon—come to fettle thing*. This is a very bad state of affairs ; I don't like it, ■ 1 have eiid so to Isabella dozens of times. 2 should like^to be alone for a few minutes with you." "Gentlemen,"I said, "there 1b another room at our disposal, if yon will be good enough to follow me." "Thankyon, thank you, young DanieL that in Br Huberts, and Mr—Mr llford j so sorry to trouble yon. I hope to see yon again in a few minutes ; especially do I want to have a chat with Edgcnmbe." As it happened, however, neither of ns saw the Coion£any more that night; but Stephen told nffi what had taken place. " I—I came with my daughter's—that is —consent," began the Colonel. Yea," said Stephen ; '* why has she not answered my letters ?"' " Oh, young people will be young people. Why, even old fellows like Pam get a bit huffy now and then, when we don't get onr own way—ha, ha i' and the C jlonel laughed uneasily. Stephen did not reply, but waited. " Isabella is a Tempest," went on the -Colonel,' " and she has a temper; all the Tempests have, I'm glad of it. Well, Stephen Temple, she didn't like your— nonsense, neither did I. And although my girl is breaking her heart for yon, she th nks yon haven't treated her well, and her Tempest pride says you' znnat seme gome—that ii—concession*." What concessions ?" "Just like_ a lawyer. Stephen Temple, you nail me right-down to one point. Well, she only wants you to be reasonable, and— and—you can be now—easily." "Yes; howl" "Well, iny friend Elgcumbe has weathered the storm, and haB brought ^ ship safely into harbour. Isn't that postiodP —eh? Well, he's a rich man again, to all intents ami purposes, and no doubt will give yon a goad kllowauoe. After, all, I m almost glad you acted as you did, and I ve said sinoe, < Stephen Temple was wise after allit wouldn't have been safe to take an allowance then, with all those—those—pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. Bat now it* ail oyer. You can hove a good allow ance again ; and when that is arranged, yon —yon oan take your wife to your heart once snore, and—and be—be happy. Come now, what do yon say 1" At first Stephen was staggered by the 1 barefaced sudaoity of the mas; he could hardly understand bow he could talk so. "Amito understand, then, that if my unble will give me a good allowance, Isabella Will consent to oome back to me?1' "Yes, dear boy. We want to see you happy, both Edgcnmbe and L Edgcnmbe promised an allowance when—when we parted some months ago, and I know he is willing to renew bis offer now everything is settled. Come now, say yes, and I'll order a bowi of punch on the strength of it." " And is this the only condition on which Isabella will oome back to me?" " Why, of course. Yon couldn't expect Isabella, a Tempest, and the wife of a Temple,"—here the Colonel expanded his cheat—"to go into lodgings and slave like the daughter of any DIok, Tom, or Harry. Wo, Stephen Temple; family is family, and blend is blood. Isabella Tempest Temple Edgcnmbe most do nothing unworthy her name; ehe must live like a lady wherever she goes. I am a poor man; but, thank fiod, I've taught her the rights of a lady." " Which is moBt worthy the tank of a lady?' asked Stephen; "to live in com parative luxury on money to whioh she has no right, er to live in comparative poverty on money honestly earned t" "What do you mean?' asked the Colonel. " What right have I to an allowance from my uncle?" asked Stephen. '*He has not paid his creditors more" than a third of what he owed them.'1 " The whole matter has been settled at a court of law; the law has passed judg-; meet," replied the Colonel, "and thus JSdgewhbe is free." *' The law his nothing to do with it Whatever the law says, he owes this money ; it does not belong to him, but his creditors." ' I respect toe majesty of the law," replied the ColoneL ''True, I don't like these bankruptcy proceedings ; they are— are—well, infra dig.; but tne affair is over; end what your uncle has now, is his own. Come now, Stephen Temple, yon want your wife, and your wife wants yon. Bet us settle things amicably." "I do want my wife," said 8tephen ; bat if she will come under no other con ditions than these, I mast remain as 1 am." "Bo you mean to say you will not tike this money ?' "Certainly not." The Colonel turned purple. " Befuse a ihonsand a year ?" he gasped. "Certainly, if it ia not my own, and does not oome to me fairiy." " Yon—yon blackguard!" he cried. " You marry my daughter, yon take her away from home, you low-lived scoundrel, then you discard her." " I don't," replied Stephen; " I will only too gladly welcome her back, if she will pome as a wife should." " A Tempest come back to lodgings such as yon can give her 3" shouted the Colonel; *' never! A pretty sense of faononr yon've got, to marry a -wife and then expect her lather to keep her." "You know it is a lie," said Stephen. " Ever since she left, I have sent her, as you know, every farthing I coild scrape to gether." " A paltry trifle!" " It was all I had," eaid Stephen; "and certainly net too sma'l a rum for yon to accept. Come, Colonel, don't make me think worse of yon than I think already. Save Borne sense of honour J" " You eay this to met" gasped the Colonel; " bat yon Bh≪ suffer for it. Bat I'll no longer breathe each polluted air." A little later Stephen called as back ag*in, and I knew from his pale, blanched face bow keenly he had been suffering. lie never said anything that night, however, and shortly after both his uncle and Illford took their leave, " Look here, Stephen," eaid Ilford, before they left; " don't make your life more miserable than yon can help. Make the best of this dirty world, my lad. Go into society and drink what pleasures it has. Give np these foolish ideals of yours, accept facts, and make the best of them." "Thank yon," said Stephen; and then he held out bis hand to his uncle. "I shall give yon no advice." said Luke ; 1' vou know what I thick, and what I will gladly' du for yonand I couldn't help \--seeing a icph of real affection shining out of 4he cynic's ay©*. For some time after this I thought I saw » Blight change for the better in my friend. That it", he looked happier. He seemed to forget his dark, gloomy forebodings, and was more like bin old self. Soring the time I had Ii\sd in Battereea, I had become acquainted with several well to-do families living at Wandsworth Common, and I was often inv itel to bouses at £J»ph*m Common, I had apoktm about Stephen to people I knew and had so inter ested^ them in him that on one or two occasions when they had invited me to their houses, an invitation had also came for my friend. Up to this time he had refused them; but when one day—about a fortnight after his uncle's visit—I showed him a letter, containing an invitation to a gathering at a house at Clapham Common both for myself and him, he told me he would he very glad to accompany me. Accordingly, on the evening in question, we started for Clapham Common. On our way I called to see a patient who lived in one of the streets at the back of Q.aeen's Road. She wgh an old woman nearly seventy years of age, and was troubled a great deal with bronchitis. Although the spring was now advancing, it was very cold, and I had told her that if she expected to get better, good fires were essential. When we entered the room which she occupied—for Stephen went with me—we fcund her sitting beside; the ghost of a fire, having Bold, as she told me, an article of furniture to bay coals. "Iwas'bliged to do it," she explained, "and 'twas 'ard; yon see, 'twas bought by my 'usband afore ee died. Poor Bill, ee didn't think'twould come to this ! Bit I'm a-goin* to start to-morrow, I am. Two of my old customers hev kept some things for me; so now, please God, I'll rub on all right till next winter," " What do yon do for a living ?' asked Stephen. '"I'm a laundress," replied the woman. " Ye see, I'm not strong enough to go out a-oharin' like X nsed to, and I takes 'ome the washln', and I does it as I'm able. I've got a good bit behind wi' my rent while I've bin poorly, and yon know washin1 is bad Ioy the bronchitis. Ye see, what with the steam, and the heat indoors, and then a-takin' back the things in the cold, 'tis ter'hle tryin', ter'ble; but summer is oomiu' on now, so I don't mind." " And how muoh do you owe for rent V asked Stephen. "I owe four weeks," replied the old woman, " and that at five shiliin' a week dc make a pound." \- *' And how much oan yGU earn when yon are in full work ?" '■ Oh, sometimes I make as much as twelve shiUin', bnt.it do seldom get tomore'n ten.' .' ■ Then how will you manage to pay your hack rent f "■Oh, 111 have to do it by littles, I will. My landlord hev bin patient with me, 'cause I've bin 'ere bo long and paid eo reg'lar. I can do all right in the summer. It's the winter I dtead eo." " And how old are yon ?" "Iwer sixty-nine last Christmas. Yon see, X'm sot so spry as I was, and my joints ache a goodith bit; but I'm goin' to try and keep out of the big house as long as I can." " A most respectable old woman,' Z said to Stephen when we left the honse a few minutes later. 11 Sober and industrious." " Are there many like her ?" he asked. " Oh, yes, many. Bsttersea is crowded j .with laundry people." 9^ •• And are they all as badly off as she 1 " Most old people are worse. You see, she's sober end saving," •'Saving?'" he exclaimed. "God have mercy upon them! It seems to me that those who drink and drown their care are best off." Little more was Baid about the question just then, and, soon after, we reached the house of Mrs Augustus Price. This lady's honse was exceeding popular, and that for many reasons. 'Pmt of all, Mrs Angsts Prioe was very popular. Mr Price, who had been, when in the flesh, an egg and butter merchant, had left her in possession of a considerable amount of money. She had set up an establishment at Kensington, and tried to be a leader in fashionable societybut somehow she failed. It is true that her money gained her admis sion to many desirable houses ; bat she did not climb to the position she wanted. She therefore removed to Clapham Common, where, although the people were not so highly connected as those in Kensington, she established herself as a queen of a certain order. Mrs Price, who was abont thirty five years of age, prided herself upon having many unconventional idea-. " I'm original, or I'm nothing," she often Baid; and so she sought to maintain her reputation by making her house a rendezvous for people holding all shades of opinions. And snoh is the power of gold, accompanied by an amount of beauty, shrewdness, and audacity, that she accomplished what she desired. "I'm a woman of open mind," she said. What are opinions ? A matter of tempera ment, education^ and associations. All sorts I of opinions shall be represented at my house." And, true to her word, all sorts ^ of opinions were represented, there. Toe High Church vicar and the Rwliosl Dissenting parson met there ; and, although each hated: the other's ways like poison, they pocketed their dislike and acoepted Mrs P, ice's in vitation, not owing to mak<-| an enemy of a lady who gave such delightful dinners, and whose cheques were so acceptable. The Scoclalbt also sat at her table, providing he were sufficiently respectable, as well as the rigid Conservative. Theosophists, atheists, agnostics, frocked curates, and believers in all sorts of New Jerusalems received Mrs Price's invitations. •' Let them be clever, well educated, well dressed, and—respectable," Mrs Price would sty, " and the more curious their opinions the better. They give life, interest; they are like a dash of absinthe in bad water." Mrs Augustus Price's gatherings, then, were of a cosmopolitan nature; and, as I expected, when Stephen and I arrived, her honse was fall of people holding very diverse opinions. _ Stephen immediately made a good impres sion on our hostess. She saw in an instant that be was clever, and his fine, interesting face, added to what I had said, to ber con cerning him, won her interest immediately. " You've. been asked in a most uncon ventional way, Mr Rdgcnmbe," she said ; * hut then I'm an unconventional woman— in fact, I hate what's supposed to be proper. Si you'll find people here holding all sorts of views, but mostly they are people of— brains. In fact, whatever elae_ I can dis pense with, I cannot dispense with—brain a. Money I oare little about, Bocial position doesn't trouble me, but brain6—I adore 1 So I try and make my gatherings feasts of reason. There'll be little or no dancing, and that kind of thiog ; bnt conversation on art, science,, literature, and—religion—all sorts of it, yon know." I felt the speech to be load, and not in best of teste ; but Mrs Price wss a fine looking woman, and she smiled very sweetly on Stephen, who seemed to appreciate her welcome. Certainly there was no restraint at Mrs Price's house. The people were chatting very freely, and the conversation was not of a nature which one too often finds in polite gatherings. Society small talk was at a disccunt. As our hostess had said, the people had brains, and thnB muBio, pictures, politics, and books were discussed with a greal deal of cleverness. I was glad, too. to see {hat my friend was appreciated in the ciroie. For m7 ova part I was never a gifted talker, and £ wondered why Mr Price oared to have me; but I soon saw that Stephen would become a favourite. Before long I noticed him in earnest con versation with a young lady, whom I cannot describe better than by saying she was straw-coloured. Her hair was straw coloured, including her eyelashes and eye brows, her ekin was straw-coloured, and the trimmings of her dress were straw-coloured —in faot, that was the ohief characteristic about her appearance. " I never go into ordinary society during Lent," ehe said, '■ and of course we are in f tae middle of Lent cow. I wouldn't go to a tl.ettre or to a dance for the world daring Lent, you know, although I adore theatrer and dances, as a general thing. But, of course, Mrs Price's evenings are different; they are eo serious, eo intellectual, yen know, and we talk on all subjects seriouely." "Are you a C»tholic?-' " A Catholic, bnt not a Roman Catholic. I belong to the Anglican Church, St Mary Magdalene's, you know. It's delightfalh high, of course. I hate low churches-." "And yon don't u&U; til's goirg ict< ordinary society «Oh dear, nry Of c mrse, 1 wonldn5 come htre oua Friday; bat even our curate, the Rev. Mr Gross, is here to-night, and I believe oar vicar, the Rev. Canon Tovely, is coming presently, so you see I'm quite safe." '' Oj, yes, quite safe," said Stephen with a smile. ' Isn't it delightful to see such trust and faith in car spiritual pastors and masters Mr E igcumbe !' said some one close to him. Stepuen turned and saw a man about fifty, with blear eyes and an iron and grey monstacbe, who had been introduced to him as Mr Hunter. "Delightful, indeed," responded Stephen, ' Rot that I am guilty of such trnst and 1 faith myself/' langhed the man, with a leer ; " bat I appreciate it in those who do, especially in Miss Coolie and he bowed to the straw-coloured young lady. "I'm a sad rake myself,' he went on; "bat perhaps I'll be converted at the eleventh hour—ha, ha !'' Before he could reply, alond voice arrested his attention, and it was the voice of a "The great thing needed." she said, "is that our social laws be reformed. For my own part I m a Socialist, and I'm proud of being one. Surely it oannot be right that three millions of people should be left un certain of the absolats necessities of life, while hereditary landlords revel in wealth they have never earned." " Oh," said Mr Hunter, " oar fair friend, Miss Hart, is at it again." " 1 have just been reading reports on the dwellings of the poor, and the condition of things is terrible, terrible in the extreme. Seven, eight, and sometimes a dozen people living in one small room. This mast be remedied." " What would you suggest ?" asked some one. " Wonld it not be well if yon set an example by spending a few thousands on model oottages ? Ton might immortalize yourself at the same time." • No, indeed,' said Miss Dart. ' ■ What is wanted, and what lies at the root of the evil, is the faot that the ground is not sufficiently taxed. Nay, I am, after all, dealing superficially. What is wanted is that landlordism shall be destroyed. Land lords who have a elearj right to the land to be compensated, of coarse." "Mies Hart is a stockbroker's daughter," said the Rev. Mr Cobb to Stephen; " she is a Socialist and a Dissenter. Her father made money by being sharper on the Ex change than other people, .and by taking advantage of other men's weakness and ignorance." Dinner was announced, and Stephen sat next to Miss Hart, who seemed pleased at having him for a companion. " Of conrse yon are a Socialist, Mr Eig cumbe 7' she said qnestioningly, after soup had been served, "I hardly know." replied Stephen. "Yon see, Socialism is a subject with serious issues. How do you define it?" ''Oh, the land being nationalized; rail roads, coal-mines, gas-works, and all thorn things mads the property of the people ; the House of Lords abolished, and all members of the Commons paid. I should insist on payment of members, or how cau we have proper representation, Mr Elgoumbe? Everybody happy, and just a lovely lime to gether." "It is a bsautifnl picture, no donbt," said Stephen, " only there is the fact of human nature that comes in." " Oa, I trust the people. I m a friend of the people, and I perfectly dote on the working man, Mr Edgcnmbe—perfectly dote on him. We had one speaking at the Advance Club last night, and he spoke splendidly. Oh, yes, I lore the working man; don't you, Mr Eigcumbe ? " ■' I'm afraid I'm behind the times, Miss Hart; but I'm glad to see you as enthusiastic;" and he gave her a loo5 which was not lacking in admiration. She was certainly rather handsome. She was not tall, bat well formed, and finely developed. Buxom and healthy rather than graceful, she was still fascinatiug. She was handsomely dreseedtoe, and on her fingers flashed costly rings, while on her neck hong a diamond necklace. "I am glad I have met one so full of sympathy towards the poor. It bo happens I am Interested in a poor old woman j rat at present. No doubt you will be able to go and see her ; " and he related the incident which I have described in the early part of this chapter. " No, Mr Eigcumbe, no," she said; " that is not my way of working. For my own part 1 don't think much of individual help. Clothing societies and soup kitchens are mere palliatives; they don't go to the root of the matter. And nothing can be done until we destroy the present system of things," " And meanwhile the starving must remain starving ? " " Well, yon see, we must work in our own way, mnsn't we, Mr Edgoumbe ? Oi course j ou are in favonr of the abolition of oapital punishment ? " Stephen shrugged his shoulders ; he was getting a little weary of Mies Dart. Before he could reply, however, his attention was diverted by a conversation which was being carried on at another part of the table. 