After Many Buy*. [Br Bmjb Onif,] (ContMMtcd,) Th«t night *1» Ulreretow medico was # addealrsommoaed to attend KrClotber, trho had met with a serere accident, * dry branch bad falkm ©n fchatrojiiojia of die ringed trees, and almost dashed ont faU brains ; it crushed his nose flat do»n,catbW^adf *«Bis|W)i ferehetd, and left the eyebrow hanging down «»er the face, and fractured tiw eknit across (116 16mp», i*WW VTM IV ?*»' W» branch fell on your face instead of the top of your head,' asked (he doctor. «I_I-that is r-lookad «p tfM I beard (he branch break,' groaued the sufferer. Hie wound wai a severe one, so he was taken to Ulreritone, where be slowly recovered, bat another atoreman was appointed, as Mr Clothier expressed a wish to go back to Melbourne when strength permitted— the Tasmanian air was too biting. Years passed rapiilf, and many changes came ; misfortunes came thickly on the agf d father of Katie Meadows, crops failed, losses came, and times grew bad ; the farm had to be sold to satisfy (he mortgage held by the bank, the blow told on the aged couple, who gradually drooped and died, leaving 'their only child to fight the battle of life single handed— slsue. Her sorrow wss deep, she bad sorrows that no one knew or suspected, but she was true grit She thankfully declined the hospitality that friends offered to the orphan girl in tier hour of need, she sought work to earn her daily bread. But what became of Jim Tracy 7 No trace of him was ever found, though in the early days of the Wj along rush a North- West Coaster who was driving a team on the roads there said a sweginan passed his camp one night juBt as a thunderstorm waB coming on who closely resembled Tracy, he closely Tracy, he looked terribly haggard, nod Mid his name was Joe Harrison, of Sydney, ' I wanted him to oatnp under the waggon with me,' said the teamster, but be said I ho should go on, that he rather liked to travel in a thunderstorm ; he started away In (he pelting rain mid thunder and lightning. 'Poor devil,' said the teamster. ' that night was enough to kill any man ' Zefthan, a party of the 'boys ' were at (the Post Office waiting till Lou Roberts would be ready to start for the crioket ground. Says one, ' Have you seen the new barmaid at our pub?' 'Yes,' says Ho. 2, ''She's tt grand girl, rather quiet and, and altogether out of the common.' ?' Quiet, is 'she,'' says the first speaker, ' why Jack the Masher was starting to make a bit too free there last night when she just stepped up to him and gave him one minutes straight talk. When Jack staggered outside he was as white as a ghost ; t never saw a man so knocked out, he says he wouldn't stand another minute I|k« it for Curtain and 'Davis' iitvef Mine. There*! no nonsense about the new barmaid.'' Another big find in Curtain and Davis' line, Jack Denver, a prospector who came on the field about six months ago, camped in one of the gorges of the Ring and rather shunned society of his fellows, had just Btruck it rich, hjs lode sesayed ap to a thousand ounces. Jast at lha time of the discovery a represents iveofa powerful Melbourne syndicate was upon the field, and visited the show 'Mr Denver,, said J he, i ifcWjnm £5,000 cash down and l| interest in the company we'll form on your show f is it a bargain ?' The prospector passed his handover his malted beard and said, 'gotHUnoBgli.'!. rrrnf-iijn ,; ' Very good,' said the dealer, 'come in to Ze&an; and we'll settle it at tAtse.*1 A ample of days later saw the business «ri8faetor% settled. 'NowvMr Denvlr,' said the 4ealert 'I suppose you'll setUddwwtt in ft nice fcome somewhere, and five the rough life of a prospector over F 'Ho,' said the prospector, ' Ell lire «nd die a rover ; 1 think 111 try Mada gascar.' 'Nonsense, man,' eaid the other, 'oome and try * whisky and hare alook M the new. barmaid ; she looks a lot too good for the business. Two whiskies, miss.*' The-pmspector moved ap to the bar as the barmaid placed glasses and decanter there. Their eyes met, the bearded prospector clutched the bar for support, the barmaid flashed, tamed pale, and sunk down as she faintly whispered, 'Jim.' ' Katie,' cried the other, as bounding over the bar, over turning bottles, glasses, everything, as he picked up the fainting figure of the woman he loved and bore her away. Jack Dearer, or to give him his right name, Jim Tracy, did not start for Madagascar, but instead, the Eoonya on her last crossing the Straban bar had Jim and Katie on board bound for Burnie. „ 