"■UNCLE CLAUD, YOU RE CRYING!" A wild and gusty night in Marcb, with the sobbing, moaning wind rushing round corners and darting into dark entries and tearing madly out again, like some remorse ful spirit searching blindly and restlessty for something it could not find. Overhead a sullen sky, with driving clouds ; under foot the rain- splashed pavement, echoing now and then to a hurrying footfall. Dr. Barton turned into the long f.vid som bre street in which his house was situated, and bent his tall figure to the wind. The street Was 'deserted, and ho paused for a moment - and.glancsd round, with a musing .smilo-upon hits lips. ; , : b' Just "inch", anight — tout years ago-^1. found-tii o boy under'my porch. " Let mesee wh,%t is the day ^ The fifteenth—15th March. The yeryday! Strango that I should think or itinow. I was coming home from old .•'Lady Waller's—dead now,-''poor-; soul! . jOf course I was. Just such a night!' , : ; He passedpn, and into his own warmly^lit .hail. . ; ■ - As h'e- removed hia wraps a trim maid servant! catiae into view. ' ' 'Hagi Master .Jack—ah—retired yet," Mary 'Not'.yet, sir. He got Miss Ward to hear his lessons all over again to-night,, purposely to stop jip, sir. Master Jack said as ke would stay up; to-night, sir,-to soe you. The ghost of a" smile fitted over the grave face of the doctor, as he turned to the dining room. .The.lamps on the table were turned very low,.but a cheerfulfire bvjrned on the. broad hearth,' and threw 'flickering shadows over the old-fashioned:3urniture and on the long,-full length portraits which hung on the wall. ! " : ' ■ ■ ! On the bearskin before the fire lay a child ■ —a boy; of some seven years—with thick fair haiii tossed about his face. He was clad in_a loo<jely fitting.sailor suit of brown velvet. His cheek rested on one small hand,' and the soft, childish face was turned toward the fire;;. The doctor parsed for a moment', with his hands clasped behind:his back, his head bent looking down at the child, with a smile on his face.; , ; 'Pour years'ago,' ho muttered. <lf I had turned him into the utreet s then—had sent him to. the workhouse, as my friends charitably suggested—how different ,it woilld all havetbeen:; Ho had made this dull, old: place a tome, and b'fe. a purpose, not a mere striving,!and striving, and endingin nothing, as some one says. And so the little chap has waited vp for me—on his -birthday night, too. I ought not to have, forgotten it. :I must ge{: that pony to-morrow. I expect the young rascal: will, ride ;asr;/w.ell jbs he Idotjs everything else.' .. . i j__He arpppedrsoftly into a chair, still room ing at tKe sleeping child. ' . : ;j The owning-of the doorafift the entrance o£ a servant to turn up the lights wo'ie- the boy. He opened ! hie eyes, and lay for !a; momentjjooking solemnly at the blazing, fiijo before him,' ~ : , _ ' ] The djac'tor spoke softly, alriiost caress ingly. I . - , : i .'Well, Jack?' ' _ : " ; :2 ' The eiiild ;started. up:and.sprang, toward him. Tlhe little firmly-knit figure', slipped between! ;tHe maiTa rkriee's,' -and drew:1 onp velvet-covered arnfarouad the doctor's black coat collpri iurnin^'up^hisg'iniJingf^ce'toVara the gra-ve oub atove him. • 'j ' I diau't see you, Uncle' Claud; Have you been here long ?. !\fiss Ward wanted mo to go tojbed, but I couldri't, yoar know," op my birthday, without wishing.^you good night.' j . :. ' AndjTO you;fell asleep here instead,{e!|, Jack ? Suppose I had: gone off again and left you, whattheii?! ' . ;i , - . ; J _itLBu± ^ou wouldn't, you knowy ! saidthe cliild, .scjftly, nestling Tripre?c!oseljr to him. j 'Ofwpr^e pot,'said' the' doctor, b&iifer; inglyVin; a tone whiirfi would, have surprised some of his patient? who only heard the pro fessional voice.' ' And this is yoar birthday, is it, Jabk? Seven years old, ,.eb:? Stand ivp here, sirj, andiet me loot at you. Up straight, sir.' f...., -• ■*: ; \\. ,. j lu truth, it was a goodly little fi'guro thaf: stood before tlie,doot.or and looked laughingly and fearlessly into'his, face'..- The small delicately and yet strong* modelled' limbs, the refilled face, with-its toueh'of graceful pride, and the, poise of. the litcle cu?ly li'esil carried Satisfaction to th8 heart of the man, who, wtyl'e hg.passionately „loyed the> child, viewed these- things with'a certain feeling of anatomipal pride. . - . ;.i ' j He sat quietly for a long time with his arm rou'nd;the little: figure,; gazing at a por trait of a young girl. A fair; ;;bright. face, with a .stringe) gravity in the dark greit eyes. •! ' He d^ew the'^boy more closely to ;him with a sjudden movement of his aria, and bent Jiisf head so that it touched the child's 'ctirls.ji 1 ■'If^slle had. lived;!' ;lie" murmured. 'If she hatljlived. Tercbance'it's better as it is, and'thejchild" #113-1^^1140;' ' ' Mr. 'Kennedy,! sir.-'" ; r Dr/Barton roused himself from a brown 'study,' into which he' had fallen' before the .firei and rose to: greet hia friend. ' Yery good of you, Kennedy, to come in. You lawyers are not: liko the kill- or-curo gentry..' We must always be at our posts; vou can: close your ofiice at a cortain time, and say1 good-bye to it all for a few hours.' ' And dream of coming litigations arul ob stinate clients, my friend,' said the visitor, stepping forward and shaking the doctor's outstretehoihand. ' Well every man to hia trade, yon know, Barton. I might throw in a little Latin, but I reserve that also for the officer ,Wha'r a night, to be sure! Thouaht I d just step round and have a_ chat. The women folk have a musical evening, I think they call it, and I eacapsd. xVmaleur music is like injudicious flattery; it grates upon ones ■.nerves. j And ive hav'ohetves, even :iu the | Kennedy laughed cheerfully and passed his hand over his clean-shaven face." -Theyrwere seated by this time, with the cigars and a spirit stand between them. _ ° I'vc; just seen that boy of mine off to bed,' I said the doctor, yawning ; ' it's his birth day and the young rascal must, of bourse, wait up to see me.' . '--Ah, I know! They always remember their birthdavs. -I've five of them,1 and they never ; allow nie to forget.' ,. _ : I ' Oh, the little chap didn't wait up tor that. i He knew I shouldn t forget him.' ' Mr. Kennedy winked solemnly, putting at bis cigar, and said nothing.' : • I ' Ye*, tiiiio jliw,' wunfc on 'tlie doetor. will: a half sigh. ' The boy's seven years'old to day.' ' ; .■ . . . -i —. ... . 'Counfing from said the lawyer in terrogatively. - —^From the timfe he came—to me. inat is, supposing him to havie been about three years of ago at the time. - Speaking profes sionally, that was his age, as neatly as could bB guessed.' ' . , • . , .-'-Ah! Well, he's a fine little chap—al though: you wouldn't take my advice about fiim, Barton.' •'■What, to send liim to the workhouse > _ • '-Either that, or endeavor to find out his people. You did neither.' ' ' I tell you now; as I told you then, Ken nedy, that be is no ordinary child—comes of n'o common stock. The people who placed hini there Aid it-witli a purpose. Tho matter bad, I should imagine, been c.ii'eiully con 'sidored, and'thoy know to whom they wer< "confiding hira. I knsv,; at once that he nai •"eutie blood in his vein:?, and—aau.i \'a "content to leave the vcRt./Thp-t boy, Kennedy v-;U tiirn out well, and I shall bo proua 0 'BlitlG b.iooa JI1 my »tiuc| ontent to leave the rest.. 'That boy, Kennedy will tarn out well, and I shall bo proud 0 { him. As proud of his manhood ii3 I am 0 I'bifr.nresent childhood.' ' ' If ho does,' said'the oilier with a short Lv.rib. • hc'il have your' training to thank for it. I-iftco any ohiid in suoh surroundings as these—in a refined heme, with trained servants to anticipate his wants, and no dis cordant note to jar on his life—and he must bo of a very poor stufi' indeed if he doesn't sliapo well. „ The little? beggar couldn't help himself.'/, ;'That has littlo to 'do with it, Kennedy. My csporienco' hats been1 a largo one, and young'as hp was when he: first entered - this house T.'kipw at once that he had been'well acd cjireftiilly trszincc!,.j and from. tl:o very, foirmatiotfdf.fafe.'childish limbs—tho yery con-, .tour of hi$ 'slnill—thaf he. had ;g6fi'd blood ia his vejii§. Ycii khovr, Kennedy,'1 pursued the:doctor more eagerly, leaning forward in his cljair, with his hands-on his knees, 'I alii fi boliovRv in these t Rings—ih—in fac';— in. heredity. I have good old blood in my veins,; my father was a man whose ancestors had held their place—the .place the old fcllovr •was obliged to sell at la'sf— for hundreds" of years.1 ; 'Well, what of that? Is it any good to you 1 Has it been of any use to you ! - Are you in any way a bettor man for it 1' 'Yes, I hope so. There is an indofinablo something in—in a man of breeding, -which necessarily is of material assistance to him in Ilia intercourse with his fellows—to aay nothing of his natural prido in his family name. 1 You know that you and J never agreo on that, doctor. You have no acres to bo proud of, and your birth was a question of fate—the kindly fate which led your father to cast sheep's eyes afc his future wifo. The blood which tells in this world of ours is the blood which runs in the veins of a genius—that grander spccies of creature that rises superior to birth and circumstances, and caros nothing for the conventional fluid which flows within him, bo it as 'old' as William the Conquerer, or S3 'new/'as the equally necessary fluid which'"animatesthe heavy.cav6ase of a Chicago millionaire. Blood ia nothings to him, he knows what he is, and he sings his BtJfigs, or otherwise makes his fiery mark on the roll of fame, and goes'oub again in 'some erratic-' fashion not usually approved'by the aristo cracy. You ought to be prouder of fche-facfc thai: your ancestors played fast and loose with this country'during the Wars of the Roses.1' . Dr Barton shrugged his shoulders and laufherl. * '■ 'It's useless to try and convince you, Kennedy;, So 'fa*'as tho boy is concerned, I am satisfied in regard to my fir^t judgement. As you know,- we could make nothing of his namejwhen he first came to us—some pet.j name'apparently—and I gavo him my old father's name, John—John Barton. It' is an old.ari'd honored name, Kennedy, and my boy worthy.of ib.. He has the right stuff in him. Markybir"'this,.Kennedy. So cer .tain-am I—and so jealous am I of' the name' my ancestors tore, that I would cast the child off-to-morrow, hard; blow though ifc would bo ^ifi discovered that his parentage had not —not been what I believe ifc to be. But: I •have,no fear in regard for that.' : 'That would be » frightful injustice 1 to the child !'exclaimed the lawyer, hotly. ■ '.Well, well,' said the doctor, waving his : haiid and smiling'gravely, ' it is a- matter we need not discuss.. The possibility1/is-ap- '• "very.remote.*' 1. ~ ; Jv ^ ' 35th men .were silent foL'a: time, arid' th^ driving rain sounded distinctly on the Win dows, .and the wind still sobbad-.ronrid '"the houses, like a lost thing. ' ".... , r. ' Four year3 ago, is it V said'the lawyer at •last, musingly. ; 'And just such a night. Do you remember? I came in and found you here with the child^ and n bonny little chap he ! certainly looked. Ab ! Barfonj? he added, ; laugningly,; shading his heart1 at tFe other . why the dickens don't; you 'marry, as you ought to have done, and take these sort of re HR^^iHes.'in .a legitimate fashion? You're had enoughpf them probably.' ' _ ' Tiianks ; this is about as much as I desire in that way,', said Barton, quietly, with a glance on. the portrait; ; 'Bytbe.'way, you found something on; the child, didn't you—an amulet, or something of the kind V , ., - . ..* 'Yes,'■ said, the doctor, > slo.irly •the half of airing of peculiar.pattern, such as I some times remember to have seen in Eastern b'Szaiars during my wanderings in earlier aays. They" are generally in the form, of a rope, of ipetmliar dark metal, and of twa or Mreo strands, the,strands'.laid side by side. This had evidently been a two strand ring (d>ey are rarely .s.een0in;Europe—'considered ^Imost valueless, you l^now), and, the* inetar . ' between' the strands being thin' and soft, the* ' two halves had evidently been-separated, leaving two perfect rings. One 'was lmn» by a ribbon, round the baby's neck.' ' Queer,' ejaculated Mr. Kennedy. ' How; ever, he's a fine little chap, - and talks liko a young Prince.; '-'That ought to be enough for anyone.' He pulled out his watch and el&n;'ced at it. I.must be. going, Barton, Even musical evenings don't last for ever, and I daresay the worst of the business is over now. 'Don't'you trouble to come out.' ' I shall walk with you as far as the end of the street,' said the doctor- as they passed into the hall. r * But, my dear fellow, it's raining like .» ; '.That doesn't matter,' infcerruped the doc tor;'' I'm used: to it. Besides, I feel restless tonight, and" a stroll—even in the rain—ia the" very thing I want.' . They put oh their overcoats and passed out. The rain had almost ceased,-but the wind howled mournfully. At the end of the street the lawyer paused and held out his hand. 3 ,. - 'Good-night,TBarton. ' This is my way, you' know. I suppose you'll turn back now.' ". ■ 'Y—Yes—I; thinly so. ' 'Goodnight!' . ' Good night'.!' -. - Dr Barton stood alone at the corner of the street, watching his friend's retreating figure'; butho did hot- turn back. vHe paused irre solutely for a moment, and then: slowly crossed the road and turned out .toward the busier, more fully lighted.streets. ,;. A. little crowd of people brushing hurjiedly'in - front of him caused ., him to., stop for-. a moment with his hands'thrust into his pockets, look ing after-,-them. .-They were following - a woman—' d jeering, staggering creature, dressed in tawdry finery. Even as he looked, there was a warning shout from the crowd, a;shriek from the woman, a hansom cabman standing up in his ' dickey,'with the reins tightly; drawn up against his breast and the uorse almost 011 his haunches, and the woman under the horse's feet, silent enough now. They pulled her out, and Dr. Barton pushed his way to the front.' ' Stand bade there ; I'm a doctor. Stand back, I say,' He.looked at her closely. Blood was trick ling from an ugly wound in her head. By his directions a dozen, vailing hands raised her up and lifted her into the cab, and the doctor directed the driver to go:to I he nearest hos pital, getting in himself with her. 'They'll know me there, although I don't think I've brought in a case myself before,' he muttered, with a smile. I 'Here, get these things off, nurse,' said Dr. B:irton, as fclio woman lay, still uncon scious, on a table. ;' You didn't expect to see me here again • to-night, eh Stumbled across a patient for you. Ah, that's bettor ! Nov.' wo can sec what the damage is. All,' he said, after a longer pause, 'ribs. Thought so, and some concussion. . What an awful state the crealure's in, to be_sure. Been drinking for reeks, I shouM think. Get these things off and get her to bed, and- ' . Dr. Barton had stopped like ono shot. . In passing his hand over the unconscious form,' he had touched a frayed and .sojled piece of ribbon fastened round the neck and threaded through the half of an Eastern ring of pecu liar dark metal. The cold dawn was breaking'over the still dffnrtcd streets when Dr, Barton paiser] through the hall of his house, and walked slowly, like one in a dream, up the broad siiiireaso. Ho entered his study and closed and locked the door. He turned up the "as and walked across the room to a little cabinet which stood. in a '-corner, 'unlocked '.ifc with .a key from Hie bunch he took from his pocket, ami .tiuw.opcri (he doors. "Within, on t(vo. shelves, lay some childish garments, thrown in:carelessly, it was easy to see, by a man's hand. , The doctor thrust his hand among the garments and drew out a little wash leather bag. With thin in his hand, lie turned to his writing table, and seated himself, and lr.id the little bag beforo him. For a long time he sat, hia hand grasping his chin, lost in reverie. ,;At last ho roused himself with a start, pulled the string, that held the bag closed,-and shook out its contents on the blotting paper before him. Then he took from his waistcoat a piece of soiled and faded ribbon, witli a ring attached. 11-need not have the trouble to compare them,'ho murmured at last huskily. 'Exactly alike. ; The halves joined, after all. Were not. hoc ravings, blasphemous words enough before sho died? His mother! My God?' The doctor's head fell forward on his clasped hands. He raised his head at last and gazed straight beforo him, with his hard, sot face white and haggard. ' I might hr.vo known. I might hr.vo known. No highborn child would be left on ri doorstep to tho mercy of another's varying 'dhimty. Kennedy was right. A pretty babe; 'reared in such refinement, would look ..well ehough and pass mu3ter. But after wards':—ho shuddered—' when he mixes with "his fallows—when his ovil blood tolls—when he li'ears my fathor'^honored namo and drags; it-iti the diisfc; -What a blind fool I hr.vo boon, twill 'end ' it. The nardg ia not' his. Ho" slsUlUnot keep it. . I will Sop Send ,'him to the workhouso, but he shall bo. put to .come middle-class fohool,.;arid;later: on I—I. will apprentice him to "some useful trado.' All 'the woary hours, until tlie household was pitir, Dr. Barton paced the floor of Ilia study! All the woary hours of the nest day he carefully avoided tho child and came home at night so very lato that tho little follow was inbed. When seacod before the firo in the dining room—perchance with a wistful recollection of the littlo velvet-clad figure of the evening before—a sudden thought struck him and he rang the bell. ' Send me the nurse.' The nur3e ontered. She was a kindly fac«d, substantial-looking woman. The doctor did not- look at her, but kept his eyes fixed upon the fire. Eow—rliow is—Master Jack, nurse ?' 1 He aeems very well, sir, but I told him as you were busy, sir. To-night he wanted to wait up'again, but I said as I was sure you wouldn't like it, sir, and Mi3S Ward said sc I too. sir, - ' Quite right, nurse, quite right.1 ■ - ,. . ' He's a dear little man, sir, . that: he a There ain't a boy like him in the three king doms—I'm sure there ain't, sir.'., i Yeai-yes—riurae,- that'll do, thank you Tho woman retired.from the room^ndth. doctor .'resumed his musing attitude"before the fire; ■ '.Four years ago. And lie is a fine boy, as she says. But that woman ! '-'No, no ! he ■canie nothing to me.-1 ■' • Dr Barton was seated'Kfc breakfast, and was gazing down a" long expanse of white- table cloth afc Master Jack. The doctor had: not yet summonod up couragd to give the order as he had intended, that Muster. Jack should be separated en tirely from him, and should take his meals in the" nursery: The little'figure had become": so mucfi a'part of his life he seemed to watch so eagerly, even now, for its.coming.0 But ho had tried to infuse a certain coldness into histonef!, and the child had looked at him more than onbe with a wondering reproach that had gone to the grave man's heart. ' In truth, the little figure looked so lonely now, arid its eyes were so pathetic, that the doctor s'aid quickly— '■ • * ' : - j ' Conic' up here, Jack. I want to speak to you.' I The boy slipped from his chtiir . witli a iilushed iface, and climbed into a Jseat-beaide •the doctor. For all his stern re^o^itipns^the man coqld not help'putting his'arm' 'around' the chiljl, ~ ~.r % The ljttle face cleared itf aii Instant, "and nestled Ijiose to the doctor. , - ''Jrtolj^fiid—didff^—' Thedoctorcpjghed. ' Do 'you remember, anything about anybody. rbofore you remember me and nurse'.?'..) ' I remeinb^sometTme3 at~night;,' began" the chil^, softly, 'wheajlam nearly' asleep, fit comes back—i-u little at a-time:' ■: ?•' What cornea back?' asked- the ' doctor hof>rselji, 'without' looking at him, and speak in" almost in a whisper. "... ■ 'A bigfigure, in a.very bright dress, wbo' used to hold me on his shoulder. I know I used to play with the bright buttoni on this", coat. And ho had a moustache—I know it must ha,ve been- a moustache used ; tb tickle mo when he kissed.me.' * . . I ' And! your mother? Do you remember .her?': *. . 'Kb, ,Uncle Claud. I can't remember any one elsej Did you know her ?' But, of course,v you: must liave done. How silly I am. Mas. slie'.pretty?' " •. • • v • v " : Still ^ith his arm.rpund the little,-figure the doctorrsaid, quietly^r"-— ..... > Very pretty when she knew you, my boy.'. She is dead, ysu know. I was with > her wtfen.; —when she died.' ' ' ... r Howj cfd'od you are. ':! Had a: dream last; night, 'Uncle-pla'ud,'' went3 on the child, in.' soft, tones.'; " T dreamt that Iwasawayj far awajj somewhere 'in the colil—and th:e' dark, and—and you were gone.; And when. . I stopped and cried out, I heard some one say,, quite .a liong way oil, out" of sight, "that text; of mine the nurse gave me the other morning:; and <1 mixed up so. - You remember that one; abuutvisiteth the sins of the fathers on the'' —why, Uncle Claud, you're crying ' - : .But.tlio .doctor, with a passionate gesture, • had caught''the little figure'to his breast", and covered the childish mouth with his hand. ? Barton's not a bad sort of fellow, you know, but he's very illogical at times and even rude,' said Lawyer Kennedy to a mutual friend the other day. 'I was talking to him the other night and happened to touch upon heredity—always a strong point with him. What d(j you think he said T 'Don't know, 1'iii sure.' : ■* He vyus awfully abrupt. Snapped me up iu a'moment. Simply said—' ; ' Heredity be hanged !'—"Yankee Blade." 