SPOOKS. The Rev. H. R. Haweie's attitude tn ward* 'modern ghosts and apiriluaJi^oj' is oo3 of strict impartiality, &n-l; hH would impress his view oq tbe uow frantic legion that id searching bieb and low, from tbo Strand— obiefly tbe Strand —to the Hubara Desert for 'maoifeata- tiorjs.' He told bU 8ydney audieoce ou Wednesday tnght last. tbat. be would uot swallow a supernatural chocolate cream without tbo moat rigid inquiry, but. oq tbe otber band, let a spectre witb a blameless past aod witb proper referencee come before blm, and if it can show wb&t; It been doing witb iU spare time sioce It tro'l this troubled eartb, Mr. Hawels will take it in and rauk it amoDgst such accepted facts aa rates aod ta&?8. aud bimetallism. Ooly, so far. be baa oever seeu a eboat, nor bave spirits epofcea uuto bim; and, therefore, without belog a sceptic, be is not an ardeot disciple of occultism. Still, there is a great deal to it, even If tbat great deal bas ootbiDg mnre for a baeis thao (he, belief of thousands ofseosibK higbly educaud, and acute people. Tbat tbis exists there can bo no doubt Mr. Haweta gave numerous iustancep. Professor Bldgwicfr, Mr. Sieiutoo Moses, Mr. Crook, one of (bo greatest of living cbemUt?, Profeasor Wallace, Oliver Lodge, and a Ruoeian savaot, whose name is a* unpronounceable at it Id famous — all these bave declared tbat there Is a great deal in ore io e&rtbly; cuaoi featatioQs of tbe occult than can be ex plained tatbeir philosophy. Ofoourse,eaid tbe lecturer, there is buuihug nud fraud coooected with aplrilualleno. But tbea there is humbug and fiaud connected wltb everythiotr. What was wanted was an 'open mind,' aod a discriminating mind. If nothing io tbe sbape of a spiritual visitation occurred to a man io hie life that man would be justified in believing, oq nix own account, tbat tbe theory of occultism required a great d«al ofprcviog; but no sensible man could r- |eci tow mauy iuai»uc«o mat eeeuieu iu show tbat in certain mind* tbe spiritual side was receptive beyond ordinary belief. He went on to quote many cases wbere it seemed impossible tbat tbere could be any mistake or trickery, aod tbeo a series of v'evs helped to arrest attention to tbe key-note of bis lecture. Tbeee were pbotograpba supposed to be taken directly under tbe agency of mediums gifted witb spiritualistic power. Iu one were presented two men silting at a table, sod between the m a shadow nf ligbt, typioal of the occult power. In another tbe ligbt took a more distioot sbape, and was supposed to be the bazy outlines of a human be4ng ; in a third, tbe mediumistic camera bad recalled to a sitter tbe features of bis dead brotbet. Mr. H&wmm; told tbe stories of tbeee pictures as they were told to bim, neither embellishing nor com* mentlng, but simply stating bis authori ties, wbiob seemed io he unimpeachable. Tbe address was thoughtful aod arrest ing ; it urged Inquiry as against wide mouibed credulity or ignorant Bcepticiem, aud It touched sensibly and with quiet faith oo tbe posnibiht ies of spiritual iern. 