REVERBERATIONS^ {By HlJOH SALTPTtTS,) In a lunaoy cm in the Supreme Oourt 4h» «th« day * warder, a big, burly, good- tempered looking man, who bad formerly «opght lame M»4 fortune m b plasterer. , The witness, •aid- the alleged luoatio had a mania for writing! "A mania for writing^ bed he 1" ' said the: Q.G:, " Buffering, from oaeoethes tcribetuli, eh b: That is what they are trying to cure with the la*. Heform Bill. Waa:the patient afflioteAwiteeoeorfto* ^ WrOnriKf Do yob knowwhat that is?. M te "1 a mania?" "Iduhuo what you mean, hnt ha *s| had a fanoylor writing nonsense—a.ktndot . f mania." "Why, it is almost asbad a s that dreadful word .Mesopotamia* .Bid you ever sg hear of that 7" The witness had not, and Mr, Symon gave him up. . • 1 If jou're lived upon a pittance, ( g And to save you know yon cant, 'SiSj You may think jotfte wytasky If you'vs got a wealthy aunt. Bat when the l&dy; emlrrfttw— • ' t'Sli " Not lo»t but gone before,' Take matters my ouletty, • , ' J: And do not go to law. '- ^ For wealthy aunta are rarities, . And do not always die . In time to learea legacy ■ :4 v? When poverty i» nigh. f. They're rather apt those maiden aunte if i," To leave tueir property Xo people who wqnw H oot "SoffittChasyouandnaee ^And whenyoQtftunthaagoiiefthOTOp ' - ;r^ AndUtfcyoanUhwcaahj ; wa.lt until jOfl hwdlt »> Don't otherwlseCbe raehl . : • It may Involve legalitlee, And In the end you'll.aee ■ ■ ' The lawyer's Aollared most of it For payment of hie lee. ■,? If I possessed a waldsn aunt Booked for a plaee aloft, - I'd wait until ehe'.d gone above, Nor prove myeelfeo soft " Aee'ertotryandflyhelore Td got my glided wings. Before the cup has reached one a lips There happen many tbinge. They nay thet joy never Mils— The risk I do not dread; A shock-say ton-or twenty thou, . Would never tum my bead. My oontoienoe! what a lovely imagination that diver, who, while foesioking at the bot- . torn of the Bosphorue, aayi he eaw a grue aome row of fifty students standing upright a, if inolaes.aH as dead as drowning could make them, with a big lump of lead fastened to their feet. I envy that diver his imagina tion, he is worthy of better things than slop ping about in the mud of the Sultans damp, burying ground. A man with a head so fraught with the ysBtt of invention should write a hook or study the law. Oh 5 he would make a beautiful lift -,I mean lawyer; hut , surely there muet be more than a half hundred corpses in the Boephorus standing around like ■ figures in Mrs. Jarlsy's waxwork show ; the Sultan's myrmidons have not been so relax in their duties as all that. I ehould recommend that diver to have another plunge and prowl . round ; he oould prospect, and start a lead mine by interviewing those anohored corpses. I see that Sample, the beroio fireman, who risked hie life to save others on board a steamer, has refused to aooopt the paltry sum presented to him in reooguition of his pluolt, and I am glad he has. Eight pounds! Great OiBsat's ghost! and they raised thousands for a big well-fed man for his ability to knook a leather ball about with a flat hoard! It was away up country, where water is soaroer than whisky, and the landscape is as barren as an asphalt pavement; moreover, tt was in a wayside pub whore this happened a while ago. He was a weary traveller, of con siderable tonnage, and the weather had been. a, hot as ourry. When he woke up in the morning he found what he never expected to see so far in the interior-a refreshing bath; so at breakfast ho oomplimented the landlord I upon his enterprise in having auoh an un wonted luxury. " I did not know you had so muoh water to spare up in this dry ommtty, • he remarked. "Wather, is it?" ^ . astonished landlord; " Wather, is it? It s a dale little av that same we has to spare; it a going widout a wash for days we are some times." "Why; I had a delicious plunge in yonr big bath at the baok of the I house," said the guest. "It was such a treat I wallowed in it tor half an hour. Holy I Vargin ! that's no bath at all; it's our reser voyer, where we store the wather we uses for oooking, an' drinkin', an' raakiu_ tay.^WV that's some of ut yez are dhnnkm now. Collapse of guest. This true yarn I me of one I heard some time ago. A i visited an up station where a relative was overseer, and being weary and dusty was glad to be told by one of the rouseabouts that they 1 had a sort of a, ehowerbath. It was a P"®)" tive BOtt ot a cupboard, but »he went into it gladly, and having disrobed was iookingabout , for the cord to pull and releaie the shower, when down from the planks overhead oimet I gruff male voice saying, "stand a httle bit more to the left, mum, or I shall mies yer, ! and down oame the contents of a bucket of water. Tableau! 