WAS IT A BUHYIP ? (BY CHUMMY ) Less than a month of Sundays ago I had mj first adventure with ghosts, and I must say the experience is not one to be envied. To start at tbe beginning, it was my misfortune to be riding up the Upper Murray road early on a certain Sunday night, carelessly admiring tbe surrounding scenery by the pale rays of the moon, and when about opposite Thologolong was startled by a noise of a rather peculiar kind close behind me, and just as I was about to turn round to ascertain from where or what this noise was proceeding, two (I don't know wbat) quickly passed me, and as I was not too well mounted and unarmed I did not attempt to follow in hot pursuit, as may be imagined, but wended my way leisurely along, thinking I had seen the last of my ghostly friends. Gaining courage I jogged along, and after a while, to further convince myself that I did not feel scared, I commenced whistling, then soon, after listening ever and anon for more weird sounds, I commenced singing, and I quickly heard the weird noises, from two distinct quarters. The one I put down to be my own voice, but I could only attribute the other strange sounds to be the voices of my former slight acquaintances. I pulled up my steed and had a good listen; I distinctly heard them (the latter) repeated two or three times. It sounded like a prolonged boo-oo. At first I persuaded myself it was only dingoes howling, but I had heard dingoes howling before, and soon found out it was not a canine voice. When these mysterious voices ceased I again proceeded, determined to lay the ghosts, if possible, this time; and as I approached the place where I had last heard them I experienced that peculiar sensation of feeling the presence of someone or something (I know not what), and I can justly say it is not a feeling to be envied by any means. Although I peered in every direction I could see nothing,nor was there a sound of any kind to be heard. So I again went on, and had gone only about three miles when I came to a sheep-men's camp, and one of the men asking me to alight and have some tea I accepted the kind invitation, and when we had finished our meal, as is customary in the bush, we filled and lit our pipes, and it was then that I again saw the two same figures pass me by. I do not think my sheep friends saw them, as they (two) had their backs to the road, and thinking they would only laugh at me if I tried to show them the apparitions I said nothing, and after a few seconds tbey were again lost from sight. I allowed them time to get well away before I remounted and rode on to my destination, which was now only a few miles. When I found myself safely in camp that night I told my mate of the whole affair, and the words he answered were short, sarcastic, and to tbe point—"D.T.'s or nightowls." I answered, " You be blowed." And we went to bed and slept soundly. [In Victoria the description of wild animal heard by our contributor is called "Tantagoola Tiger." —Ed] 