Do as adversaries do iti law Strive mightily, but eat anil drink as friends. Saturday, June 1, 1895. NOTES mo COMMENTS. THE Jist of birthday honors is only in teresting for the names which it does not contain. Those who have received dec oration are mostly unknown personally in N.S.W. Tlie Mayor of Melbourne who insulte l Michael Davitt is now a Knight, and the senior police magistrate of the same city is now a C.M.G. Sir Joseph Abbott is no longer a common K.B., he is now clothed in all the glory of K.C.M. G.-ship. But where is Mr. Reid ? Like wise that of Mr. F. B. Suttor? Mr. Toby Barton is still a plain Q.C. Mr. Eddy is not mentioned and Mr. McMillan is left out in the plebeian cold. Mr. Lyne and Mr. Copeland are nowhere, and a parliamentary clerk has been C.M.G.'d, and yet Mr. Tom Slattery is unrecognised for his advertised strategy. But perhaps the list is incomplete. There may be a few more knigbtships in the Royal lucky bag. # * * THE curtain has fallen with a dull sicken ing thud on the career of that brilliant but ill-constellated dramatist Oscar Wilde. His genius and his infamy are assured, and his vari-colored career is the most aw ful of object lessons to civilzation. To the mind of ordinary humanity there is something inexplicable in his sins. We cannot account for the causes of such capricious criminality. Are wo to blame nature for evolving Wilde, or punish Wilde for his outrage on nature ? There is something deep and dark and dreadful in this tragedy which warped a brilliant mind^ beneath the standard of the beast creation. The subject is an ugly one,and for the sake of poor humanity it is to be hoped that it never will be revived. The witty \ViIde made the world happier, but the wicked Wilde has made the world weep for very shame. # » * THE bone and sinew of N.S.W.-the sturdy yeomanry-have had a hard time of recent years. What with the depres sing droj> in prices, the small yield, and the continued dry weather their cup of tribulation and anxiety has been full to overflowing. Happily however the dark cloud is lifting at last and the signs of the world's markets point unmistakeably to a recovery in wheat. America is the largest wheat-producing country in the world, and the United States dominate the mar ket. Cables tell us that wheat has just undergone an upward movement. One day last week dealings in wheat amounted to 200,000 bushels which is a circumstance pregnant with meaning. This is 40 per cent, of the entire crop of the season. ? The artificial fall in wheat is now recog nised, and soon old-time prices and pros perity will return to the tillers of the soil. Better than protection, freetrade, federa tion, and other political or natural pro jects is the stability of our agriculturist, * * * THE Full Court has just been deeply delving in constitutional law and parliamentary practice and in innumerable technicalities touching the question of payment of members. A bar of intense luminosity and heavily briefed assisted the judges in the legal tangle. This expensive and superfluous^ investigation was one of the evils of our excellent system of civilization. If there be a flaw in the Act that defect is not due to inten tion. Parliament passed the Act in the spirit of a permanent principle and it should only be modified or expunged by the direction of Parliament. The virtue or vi piousness of payment of members was not the issue. Courts cannot take cog nizance of the propriety or otherwise of enactments. Of course it is right that everything should be placed absolutely be yond doubt, but it seems superfluous to fight over a matter which was passed in the spirit of permanency. What the public objects to is the wilful waste of revenue in briefing so many barristers on a few points of law. This is simply a mon strous system of subsidising a profession at the expense of the general tax- payers. The State can scarcely afford to lavish big businesses on Supreme Court panto mimes. * * HAD the Supreme Court sitting in all its Banco authority put the "stopper" on the darling principle of payment of members, many things of a large and grotesque character might have happened. In the first place there would be the ghastly spectre of the vanishing ghost-which is vulgar for pay. Then members would be individually liable for every vote they gave-a liability of ^"250 for every separate division. Further members' seats would be declared vacant and there would be no Parliament jn the country-a truly path etic possibility. Loss of pay would be a terrible melancholy contingency. There are times when £25 per month comes as a boon and a blessing to patriots as well as other mortals. The plethora of actions against members on the informa tion of speculative citizens would be an other gorgeous spectacle in jurisprudence. The labor members who specially shine in division lists might have actions against each of them, totalling at least a hundred thousand pounds. But it is unlikely that Mr. Sleath or Mr. Edden would be specially prosecuted for heavy damages. Mr. Newman, the Labour Member for Orange, has however a swollen banking account, and he would be reduced to in solvency in a few court sittings. The wealthy Freetraders and Protectionists would be keenly contested and flooded with writs. But the most awful matter would be the summary extinction of a Parliament which illegally appropriated national funds. Altogether their Honors in Banco had a mighty contract on hand. THE BOHEMIAN LECTURER. - This very popular and entertain 1113 gentleman, who has gained himself such a favorable name in Bowral and elsewhore, will produce his instructive and interesting " Cyalorama of the World " in the Bow ral School of Arts on Monday evening next, and oxpccts to bo rewarded by another bumper house. From beginning to end the entertainment is very good. The Bohemian Looturer ia a oapital com panion and guida, and the sights Bhown aro boau tilul. Ho will be osBiated by Mr. Alf. Bartlett, tlio wonderful whistling ventriloquist and character imporeonator; Mr. Oliver Lcighion, the clever young artist who iB well known to Bowral people; Mr. Geo. Vivian, inuBical director, late of tho Mel bourne Opera Houso; and Mr. E. li. Colo, another old favorite in his descriptive songs. Tha elootrial apparatus and lime-light effectB will bo under the able management of Mr. W. Ogle, and his assistant. SCALES AND WEIGHTS.-Senior Sergt. Fowler wishes us to direct the at tention of those concerned that he >vill be at the Police Court, Bowral, on Monday and Tuesday next for the purpose of test ing scales, weights, and measures. MR. A. STEPHENS was busy yester day completing the pegging out that was commenced ever so long ago by the in spector. Time seems to be nothing to some Governmental officials, but to the contractor who cuts his prices down in tendering it means a lot. We hear some steps arc to be taken to have a " spree " at the foundation-stone laying. A FORTNIGHT'S INSTRUCTION, -Color-Sergt. A. O. Duprez, of H Co., Bowral, left here on Wednesday to undergo a fortnight's special instruction at military headquarters, Sydney. Alto gether about 30 color-sergeants from the N.S.W. companies will be in attendance. A BOWRAL WELCOME.- Last Tuesday evening a number of friends met at the residence of Mr. H. Henderson, to give Mrs. Henderson, till recently a resi dent of Victoria, a hearty welcome to BowjaI- During the evening the Rev. Gerard D'Arcy-Irvine presented her with a handsome biscuit barrel, towards which many friends had contributed. In his speech, the rev. gentleman referred to the barrel of meal of ancient times, which wasted not, and hoped that the barrel he then presented would be at all timefi to both Mr. and Mrs. Henderson a reminder of the loving fatherly care that God has for all His children, an arm that is never shortened that it cannot save. Mr. Henderson returned thanks for the cheer ing welcome to his wife, after which hot coffee and cakes were partaken of. The party broke up at 10 o'clock. Those pre sent were the Rev. D'Arcy-Irvine, Mrs. D'Arcy-Irvine, Miss V. Russell, and Messrs. Arguimban, Allen, Corrie, and Russell. Mrs. Henderson's parents, we are informed, are sturdy Britishers, hail ing from Yorkshire. A long and happy life to the young couple is our earnest wish. I.O.G.T.-The weekly meeting of the Gordon Lodge was held in the Oddfel lows' Hall on Monday, 27th inst., Acting C.T. Sis. Osborne presiding. The min utes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence from the Grand-Lodge was dealt with-; two frici^s were proposed and initiated into, tne order. The general programme was the sisters to officer and entertain. The pic nic committee reported on their work, stating that owing to the wet they had engaged the hall; the lodge approved of what had been done. Three members applied for their clearance cards, which were granted. Bro, Wylie resigned his office on account of removing to Sydney ; a vote of thanks was accorded to him for work in connection with the order. The lodge closed nt 9.30. If you cannot obtain "Myfa Tea" in your district, write to I). Mitchell and Co., Clurcnce-stre! fc, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through tho local storekeeper.-a. 