The storyteller. THE KNIGHT OF THE BLUE RIBBON. BY THi: AUTHOR OK ' WVNUON VM'i:.' (Continued froto Saturday Issue.) CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) Milly could not leave Miss Chester ; but she would keep out of Walter's way whilst be re mained. He should not have the gratification of j boasting of his conquest any more, tihe bad thought him so different from tbat— her hero — so tender and chivalrous, and high-minded ; and, lo ! this illusion had been roughly dis pelled. Milly was sorry to part with it ; for it had been a pleasant com panion au tnese uay», uuu uuguiiuneu nor | weary life. And the wot st of it was, that she should oever be able to believe in her own penetration again, never be able to trust in kindly words, for fear of the ridiculo that lurked beneath. If only he bad boasted of his triumph to any other but Evelyn St. John, it would not have been quite so cruel, bat tbis was the ' very head and front of bis offending,' tbat he had cared to amuse the disdainful beauty at ber ex* pense. It was so hard, and she declared to herself tbat she should never be happ- again, as she turned her mournful eyes on the heaving line of breakers, as if tine tumultuous unrest of the white, seething mass of waters had a strange fascination for her. And this was how tbe gentleman wbo was walking along the shore, under shelter of the rock, first saw her. The forlorn litle figure, buffeted by the wind, and with such a wistful face turned seaward, touched him as -nothing had ever touched him before. He quickened his pace, and came behind her unperceived, speaking her name very gently and softly. Miily started, as if she had been stung from the mere shock, at tiret ; then, finding who her companion was, she coloured furiously, and said, in a tone of passionate distress : ' Oh ! Captain Chester, pray, pray, go away 1 Mi?s Chester will be so very angry.' ' Confound Miss Chester 1' was tbe irreverent reply. Millv was was too frightened to be discreet, or even to remember her wrongs. She was entirely absorbed at the moment in trying to get rid of him before anyone should pass by. Bat, then, Captafn Chester did not intend to be disposed of in this summary fashion. He coolly seated himself at her. feet, and added, with perfect tranquility, in which there was just a tinge of indolent defiance. ' I am very comfortable here, and see no reason for moving. It is quite time I got oat of leading strings, you Jtnow.7 ' Very^wel 1L then , I shall have to go,1' an swered JlilJy.fesuThedly: ' Not at all. .Come,' he added, persuasively* ' Do sit do^ and be' a little sociable for once* Ton * are £s ^diffibajt to caich as wiflo'the : wisp.' | Taking her hands, be drew her down to her former place again, and his handsome eyes were bo loving and pitifof as tbey took note of her pale looks, that she had hard work to believe iU of bim, after all ' I mustn't stay — indeed, indeed, I mustn't,' &he; cried, pleading with her cmn heart as well as with him. ** Miss Chester maybe asking for me. at this moment, and she will be dread! ally annoyed if lam not to be fonnd.'| 44 Oh I by-the-by,1.1 he (interrupted, .with ngw determination. ' Why weren't you at luncheon to-day?' 1 Milly looked down confusedly. ' I went for a walk instead.' . *' For what reason ? Ton are not in the habit of going tor walks just at luncheon-time.' ' Ihad a dreadfal headache this morning,' she answered, evasively, ' and I thought the air would do it good.' ' About the wor9t remedy you could have tried.' he said witb great decision.' ' Your breakfast this morning was a farce.' It had seemed to Milly more of a tragedy ; but it was only by the qniok, wistful glance at him he guessed her thought. ' A perfect force,' he went on, warmiog with I his subject. 'I don't believe you ate more than enough to satisfy a good-sized sparrow ; and then, instead of seeing that your head ache proceeded from exhaustion, and forcing yourself to take foo'1, as medioine, however dis agreeable to you, you start off on a wild ramble* that would tax your iU-cuglh considerably at the best of times, and here you are,' footing like a ghost. The end of it will be that I shall have to carry you home.' I 'Oh! but I shall feel quite strong when I have had a little rest.' ' I daresay. And oh, Milly !' — with the ten derest reproach— 14 you have been crying.' She hid her face in both her hands, and all ber self control deserted h;r suddenly. If, after all, lie were true, she need not despair. Siie wanted her hero back. She had felt eo desolate since she had been told to distrust him that the comfort of finding him loyal and true — WW peur, etsa'tf rem\\)chc, like tha Bayard of old— would counterbalance all the p.iin of Miss Chester's cruel charges. And she could not look at him and doubt this. It waH far easier to believe that Miis i Chester had tried to serve some mean purpose of her own, so that Milly weeping unrestrainedly one moment, could dry her April eyes, and smite timidly the next into the eirnest face bending so close to her own. ' Dear, dear Milly, they have been ill-using you. You will not tell me. I might have known that, but do yoa suppose I am blind and aeat { roor uttie darling v and oh arms en folded her tenderly. ' They shall not worry you any more. I mean to take you into my keeping from this very minute, and woe-betide anyone who dares to give my darling an ill word now.' He looked so fieroe and determined as he said this, that Milly, who was longing beyond measure in her heart for the comfort of such protection, yielded to the sweet delusion, even so far that she suffered him to draw her face to hiB, and seal her quivering lips with a passion ate kiss. Then she came to her senses again, and repulsed him with all her strength. 'Oh! Captain Chester,' she cried, distress fully, *? this is very wrong. You forget that I have no one to defend me.' 41 You have me.' 'No— no; it lis impossible!' she returned, witb great agitation. ' Let me go home It was an evil hour for me when I crossed the threshold of youv aunt's door.' ' Milly !' ' So it was— you must know that,' she went on, with a dreary, hopelcsn air. ' You have broken my heart amongst you. I wish I had' never heard your name j ' Milly : he repeated angrily, tbjs tnne, for it seemed to him rather hard, when he was ready to sacrifice all his prospects for her, that she should treat him so strangely. ' It is impossible to make men understand some things,' she said, with a kind of despair. ' 1 wish one could. I am so tired of talking ; and, after all, I hav-* only been wasting my breath.' ' Do you know why, Milly ?' ' Becan^e I am foolish, I suppose, and do not know how to r:\pKin myself properly ' ' Well, so far, you haven't been very lucid,' was the cool reply. ' And it seems to me that I have, also reason to complain of your want of comprehension However, I will put a plain question that you cannot misunderstand. Will you be my wife, Miily: yes, or no ?' ' Your wife ?' she repeated, incredulously ; and she leant against the rock, trembling and overcome (To be continued in Saturday's t*xue J 