A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON LONDON, Dec. 27. The last letter which I shall address to your readers in this eventful year is written while we are-expecting the death of Lord Randolph Churchill, an event which is not contemplated with indifference even by those who least admired Lord Randolph in either his public or liis private life. The swift blighting of a promising career, the sudden -collapse of a striking personality, the pre mature termination of a life in which the attainment of every legitimate ambition seemed not only feasible but easy—for the opportunities open to Lord Randolph were «s manifest as his talents—are decrees of fate that strike the least lively imagination. It is very-fortunate that Lady Randolph and his travelling physician succeeded in bringing | him borne. His condition during the voyage •was very-sad, his -speech. bSng^imirticalate. A fellow-paas&nfcor; 6f 'thfeiSnvnluNtold me yesterday thft the intelligent core ftrtd de voted attention of Lady Randolph to her husband srfere She admiration of all'on noard the ship, ahd^Won for her "warm eptnem and regard. wdofosympnthy is feitfSofr the Dowager Dueness ot Marlborough, whose favourite ohild was her younger -Son. The change in Lord Randolph's health and ap pearance was first noticed ufter the sudden death of his brother, which had a serious effect npon his nerves. I believe it is quite true that he became a prey to the apprehen sion that he also had a disease of the heart of the same unexplained nature. A second instance ot the melancholy proximity of marriage and funeral hells is causing much regret in the charmed circle of society, and Eaton-hall is the acene of it. Lady Henry Grosvenor, the young wife of the Duke of Westminster's second son, has died, two days after the hirth of a son, while j yet the sense of the wedding festivities on the occasion of the marriage that has made the Duke's daughter a serene highness is fresh open the place and its inmates. It cannot be said that Christmas is very bright in the very great world, for there is a rumour that the illness of the Dowager Tsnritrai (let us be correct lest the rebuke of The Times fall npon ns afresh) is something more than a "slight indisposition." The return of the Princess of Wales is postponed for the pre sent. The Dreyfus trial in I'aris has lteen talked of in London with a degree of interest which is seldom aooordc.l to foreign affairs in general society ; the chief point is the grant ing of the trial in a closed oonrt. I heard the propriety and the policy of this pro ceeding tunned for and against by two eminent <J.C's the day after the verdict and Sentence on the unfortunate culprit. All the considerations, on both sides, were ably ad vatfoed, save one, which was supplied by a quiet old lady who had followed the con VCtSatkin with attention, and at last re tnafkelh—" Is"It not possible that the risk of teaching other people how to set about doing likewise, if Gapt&Sn; Dreyfus's methods were publicly explained, may liave had a good deal of weight in the decision 1" The very next day one of thcC.C.'s who had discussed the matter ceceived from the old lady who had modestly intervened a copy of a letter which bad been addressed several yean ago to her httsblmd, U'barriater in " criminal" practice, In which the writer, a distinguished thief, who bad been successfully defended by the sdoresidd barrister, detailed the process of Ms education in larceny, petty and other wise, hy asanas of law reports of the trials of sntsmdentpniotiticnere, and wound up with the following sentence " 1 take thiB °P nhrtantlyofMprws ing also my obligations |o yosrwdf, ttOt only for getting me off, but forthe tip ytw gave me in your defence of —-(the»s«»8 of the interesting culprit in question was not divulged to me). The. dodge you pleaded that hchad not tried, and tnetefws oould not have done the trick, beosuse he wottld have been quite safe if he hsftttitdit, has proved invaluable ever since to your grateful and admiring client —— .The ariettas of the season are much like *hos6j*w«y.preoeding Christmas. and the theatrical entertainments do not call for any nlartrotioeon my park I am told that RohfinS has been very successful in is divided'On the subject fit the Norwegian " mastera strong party protests against " the corrupting influence ot the atheistic pessimist" being introduced into a theatre* loving town which has hitherto been pre served from bucIi works as '* The Wild Duck " and"Ghoste,"wh*dean equallystrong party is bent upon giving Miss Robins and her troupe a Warm welcome. We can very well afford to wait and see ; but there are certain seers, of experience in social signs of the mundane times, who promise us an " Ibsen theatre " in London as an accomplished fact for one of the " features" of the fast-coming " season," notwithstanding Mr. Clement Scott, I am writing a day in advance of the mail, because the press view of the Venetian Ex hibition at the New Gallery has been fixed for to-morrow, and my report of what I have every reason to believe will prove to be a spectacle of extraordinary interest and beauty must form the subject of my first letter in the coming year. The press and activity at the New Gallery, since the portraits have been turned out to make way for the Bride of the Adriatic, with her marvellous train of artists and artificers, are wonderful to be hold. I modestly stole in to the great hall on a dark day recently, " blotted myself in a corner"—a9 a dear French-taught girl once said, under the pleasing delusion-that she was speaking English—and looked on fasci nated at the scene—at the unwrapping of every kind of covering from mysterious mounds (for one could not regard them as pfereels), which disgorged tare and beautiful objects, ancient and modern—at the rapid and systemirtie apportionment of space, and the swift, silent toil of the deft-handed workmen who moved about in the enoumberment. A welcome novelty at the coming New Gallery feast of art will be electric light, which has just been laid on. Once again I have to make mention of the Christmas presents, and to comment upon the lamentable prevalence -of' • made in Germany " Specimens among the articles de hose—not that there is any lack of articles de Paris— and of "printed in Holland" among the illustrated books (especially in colours), and the large pictures which go with the illustrated newspapers. The best of the latter is Le Figaro its contents are English)—it is really brilliant. The Pall Mali Gazette Christmas number, of which, it is Baid, Mr. Waldorf Astor desired so ardently to make something "beyond the beyonds " that he actually gave carte blanche to his " young men " in regard to the cost of its production, is a bad failure. Its pictures are smudges, and with the sole exception of " the Laureate of India's " further instalment of the story of Mowgli, the man-cub, in a weird episode called " The Letting-in of the Jungle," there is nothing in it worth reading. Mr. Rudyard Kipling is in great force and favour this season. Mrs. Astor's death is an ] unexpected and lamentable event. But—to the flower presents of the week. London is I outshining Paris, I am told, in the] matter of etrennes of the floral and bon bon kinds. The use of flowers, living and painted, in decoration of every kind, is grow-1 ing to almost too great a height. It is quite usual now to have pale grey or cream-coloured walls covered with delicately-painted sprays i of varions spring and summer growths, and j faced all along the eurbases with long boxes, fin which growing creepers are set and trained i over a trellis-border and comer panels; while | palm plants and jardinieres, filled with glow j ing blooms indelicate mosses, carry out the j hothouse and conservatory- suggestions of the background. Baskets of all shapes and j dimensions, but almost universally gilded |-and profusely adorned with rich satin ribbons i (theflnestare fringed with gold and spangled), ! filled with white lilac, white roses, while i hyacinths, lilies of the valley, and other ex j pensive flowers, are the favourite expressions I ot the compliments of the season, either sent I singly or as the accompaniments of still costlier gifts. A beautifully-arranged shop in Crawford-street—Green's—is, I am told, the florists' temple of the day, and hundreds of people go to gaze at | the lovely spectacle behind the vast mtrine. Mrs. Williamson writes as follows of this fairyland of flowers "The fairies themselves have come to life i again. In one centre-piece for a dinner table you find them sparkling in white, skat ihg and sliding over a frozen surface, while I an old gnome is dispensing baked chestnuts from the usual old can. Here, again, is the j trunk of an old oak-tree hollowed out to hold mistletoe and holly, while half way up the tree runs a gallery formed of twisted branches, in which are an orchestra of gnomes, dis coursing sweet weird music to an audience of elves. There is a grand gnarled tree trunk which would reach to most ceilings, and would be the very thing for a baronial hall; from this is suspended a lighted lantern, and all is bright with frost. As a doorway de coration is a charming old belfry overgrown with ivy and mosses, and with a big white owl perched in one corner. This, again, sparkles with frost, and the huge bell is full of chocolates. But the flowers— here a basket brimming over with pale mauve orchidB and forked tongues of vivid scarlet in gorgeous contrast to each other ; there a big basket full of growing foliage, broad leaves of white and green, with here and there a flash of red ; and on the tall handle (which is tied np with broad bows of ribbfin) is a light bouquet of red pointsettias and feathery ferns. Even the smaller baskets, all white nnd green foliage, and tied up with green and white ribbons, Are lovely. Flowers are com bined with photograph-frames and with lamp-shades. 1 never saw more beautiful lampshades. One is palest pink gauze, trellised over with rose-stalks, nnd with clusters Of roses thrown Carelessly upon it. Another is soft amhet with groups of wind flowers and dandelions placed as though actually blooming there, every flower naturally erect. The Christmas table decorations are scarlet flowers, scarlet foliage, and lampshades and candie-shadeB all of crimson silk and gauze, caught up with sprays of real holly, which might afterwards < be replaced with poppies. ^ I have seen but little that is new in dress. Velvet gowns of various colours, with bands of fur round the skirt, are Btill m Vogue for walking costume, and feather trHfcming is the correct thing for bail dresses. I have seen a very pretty dress, which might have been taken from one of Lanerefs pictures, for a young girl. It was thick white satin, with a close-set rone of roles just above the hem surrounding the whole skirt; a similar garniture adorns the round bodice and the full short sleeve ; a girdle of ropes loosely encircles the waist, passes through a loop, end falls in two traits of unequal length oh the left Side. With this the young lkdy will wear "the old round " wreath of roses," each bloom 8)6$ intiny teem leaves, placed low hpfinher banded hair, for the bandeau has "come in" in spite of pretest and opposition, M everything always does dome in that " hails" from Paris. " . _ Books to be read are the Life of Pteen, by 'his grandson, the. Re Owen-nit is full ofg^ .storifei—i? ^^^iDawlA'and) 