THE TRINITY IN UNITY. DISCOURSES BY THE REV. W. S. CURZON-SIGGERS. Trinity Sunday at St. Stephen's Church, Clayton street, was made the occasion of some very appropri a te and instructive re marks by the Curzon-Siggers, M.A. The rev, gentlemen, in the morning, choose , * 8 a ( basis for hla discourse the story of ■Jacob s ladder, as contained in the 12th and verses of the 28th chapter ofGenesia, and in a most happy manner combated the various objections to the many Bible stories by saying that what we had to concern our selves about wa?, not so much as to whether these various stories were a recital of what actually occurred as the many useful lessons they were intended to teach; as for in stance, the story of Jacob's ladder was highly typical of the Three Graces—Faith, Hope, and Charity, for to ascend that ladder we must have faith in God the Father, our hope of salvation mast be in God the Son, and then, through the influence of the Holy Ghost, we will be enabled to bring forth the fruits of the spirit, which are patience, long suffering, gentleness, love, &c.; The whole discourse was a contention that what is re quired for our salvation here and hereafter is practical religion and not empty belief. In the evening the subject of the Trinity Was expounded in a moat able and in teresting manner. The preacher argued that the doctrine of the Trinity was by no means a modern one, but .was held l in various forms by ttio: oldest and most7pm-. greesive of the nations even before Abraham's time. The doctrine of the Trinity, as we have it at present, Is the outcome of cen turies of thought and earnest seeking for the light. Though the subject had been handled by many philosophers, yet it.was reserved for Martin Luther to pick out from the tangled skein of the doctrines of the <( im mensity of God and His connections with man” the conception we now have of God in' His Immensity above : man, and of the con necting links in Jesus Christ, flis Son, and the Holy Ghost the Comforter. 