CHRISTMAS LITERATURE. AMONG the many gilts which tlu> gods bestow upon us during the Christmas season there is one most highly appreciated : that of brightly written and richly illustrated newspapers and magazines. The proprietors and publishers of the great newspapers and magazines in London have established a healthy rivalry among themselves, and there is invariably a keen fight for the blue ribbon of Christmas literature. Everything which money can command is pressed into service, with the result that we are enabled to purchase for a few shillings a wealth of high-class literature and pictorial art such as was never contemplated little more than a decade ago. Then our choice of Christmas numbers lay between The, Graphic and Thg Illustrated London News, but now the selection is of such a varied and superb character as to be absolutely bewildering. Who can resist the magnetic attractions of The Sketch, ]ilack and White, Pall Mall Magazine, Pear',<; Annual, English Illustrated Magazine, Strand, Queen, Pictorial, and scores of others which fall from the press like snowflakes ! They appeal to our artistic perceptions, and capture our fancy entirely by their merits and beauties. Renowned authors and celebrated artists are eager to find a place in their pages, and those who are climbing the ladder of fame are assured of success when they find their work reproduced in the pages of a standard Christmas publication. Quite impossible is it to measure the educational effect which these annuals with their beautiful pictures have had on the public taste, but it must be far-reaching and beneficial in the extreme. A volume might be written on the marvellous strides which illustrated newspapers have made since The Graphic first modestly appeared with its rough woodcuts and crude sketches, but the artistic productions of to-day are sufficient evidence in that respect., and afford to observant eyes abundant food for pleasant reflection. Pictorial art is supreme, and the lesson learnt from a picture is often more sharply imprinted on the mind, and consequently more abiding in its effects, than that inculcated by the most scholarly article. The Continental papers are no whit behind their English contemporaries in the fulness and crispnessof their Christmas productions, indeed, from an artistic point of view, they frequently surpass them, the brush of the artist being allowed a freer play than that permitted to those who sketch for Mr. and Mrs. John Bull. And the Australian newspapers are learning the value of illustrations, and each succeeding year shows a marked improvement in their picture pages, while the letterpress is quite equal to that printed in any part of the world. It is worth remarking, too, that the Christmas literature is rapidly changing character: the old-fashioned ghost stories are fading away, and even the Christmas chimes are only faintly heard. Old Scrooge and Marley's uhost are being replaced by Pierrot and—leg?. Our Black Flag correspondent writes :— " Pich gold has been struck in the D< von Contois, situat<d about a mile east of the Aurora, and about two miles S.E. of Black Flag township. The lucky holders aie Messrs. Harris and Williams, who represent an Adelaide syndicate. The ground comprises three blocks containing an area of 42 acres. Several shafts have been sunk on the property, to a depth of 12ft., on a splendid reef fully 8ft. wide, carrying both coarse and fine gold well distributed through the stone. The latest development is a rich patch of specimens which have been banked in Coolgardie. I could not ascertain the probable value of the find as the holders are keeping dark until corresponding with their syndicate, but Mr. Williams showed me a specimen almost all gold. Ground has been pegged for about two miles." 