GHAFTElt If. THK WEJ«!i HOUSE, .GUKNEHSBURY. The Well House, Gunners bury, was the oldest building for many miles round The well from which it took its name in ages gone by had furnished a water supposed to be endowed with great healing properties. In the early part of the last century, it was a resort of the semi-fashionable kiud, aud delicate dames used to drive out from theie m Liisious in May Fat r, with the rise of the morning sun, to drink the Gunnersbury waters, but the water, it would appoar, lost its healing properties and its reputa tion, and the glories of the Well House de picted, never to return. After that, tho Well House passed through over a century of various vicissitudes and fortunes. _ It w is at one time the residence of a fair lady of tho period, who there held her mimic court every Sunday, and in the reign of the last of the Georges it was the property of tho fair lady’s son, who gambled it away, together with the rest of his belong ings. Litigation ensued, and the Well House, with all that to it pertained, was thrown into that abyss of destruction, Chancery. There it remaiuod until a few years pre vious to the commencement of our history, acquiring daily a more firmly established reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of its previous owners. Thu walls wero mere tottering stands of masonry, overrun by ivy and other creepers, the woodwork rotten. The ironwork crumbled beneath the touch, and the garden was, in smmmep time, one lovely wilderness of unt rammelled A day arrived when the Court of Chan cery, tired of its work of destruction, de termined to soil tho place, and Mrs Hill, Kndalie’s aunt, bought it for the prover bial soug. Bricklayers, masons, carpenters and so forth, were set to work, aud the ro. sult was a pretty, comfortable modern villa, provided with everything that could make life enjoyable. Mrs Hill had long been on tho look-out for such a place—quiet, secluded, situated on a road used by few people, and abso lutely uuovorlooked. The address was a good one, and the house had been so con structed that surprise was impossible. In case of danger, there was a little window on the highest point of the roof, from which tho approaches on all sides could be seen fop a mile round, and although attack was difficult, the means of escape weye well jrovided'for. At the same time, the Well House pre sented every appearance of the highest re spectability. The staff consisted of Mike Koan, the serving-man -whom the reader has seen, of an elderly woman who had been many years in Mrs Hill’s service, and of her daughter, who was equally devoted to the family. The next morning was as balmy as tho provious night had been wretched and rain-soaked. In the Well House, some of the inmates had been astir from about five o’clock, and by seven it would have puzzled the shrewdest detective to find in the place a proof of the burglary which had been committed by Endalie Vorpoint. The jewel boxes had been burned, the gold melted iuto ono lump, and the jewels tied into little packets, which were secreted upon' the person of Mrs Hill. Mrs Hill herself was driven shortly after nine to Gunnersbmy Eailway Station, where she took a train citywards. Mike then returned to the Well House, and depositing in his dogcart a lady’s port manteau and valise, sent word to inform Miss Endalic that the trap was ready. Tho young lady herself stepped into the garden shortly afterwards, as radiant with smiles as if her past night had been undis turbed by aught but the brightest and most innocent of dreams. Dross, face and figure were equally cliarming, and hei beauty'seemed to be rather of the frail and fragile order than of the kind which is im proved by muscular exercise. Had any body placed by the sido.of .those tiuy pa tent leather shoes the heavy Binehers she had kicked off in the hall, and even sug gested that she might have worn them, ho would have been thought mad. Eudalie jumped lightly iuto tho vehicle, and taking the reins from Mike’s hands, drove away in the direction of Richmond. She had passed every step of that road on the previous night, and it moved her pulse not the space of a breath to return by the' way aloug which she had toiled in the rain with her booty iu her pockets, and her liberty at the mercy of any policeman who might stop her. The morning paper had contained no announcement of the burglary, but that was hardly possible, as the news could not have reached Fleet (street in time. As sho passed the gateway of Benehief Lodge, however, she noticed a policeman stand’ng there, engaged iu conversation with what to Endalie’s practised eye appeared to bo a detective. “They’wfound out by this time that they’ve lost something,” she said to her self, “and are trying to look for it.” At that moment, a carriage and pair eaine dashing down the walk towards the road. Two ladies were seated in it-, both young and fashionably dressed. Endalie shot a sneorful glance towards them am’ drove on. “It’s no use, my darling Angelina,” Endalie said to herself, “grieving over those ear-rings. You’ll never see them j again. They’ll decorate some Eastern beauty, who’ll never know that you’re break ing that dear little heart of yours over them.” It is probable that had Lady Angelina I Ayot been aware of Miss Endalie Ver- I point’s self-communion, she would have | been inclined to feel even more spiteful than Endalie gave her credit for. Richmond Station was soon reached, and there Endalie took the train to Windsor, the faithful Mike returning with the heavy dogcart to Gunnersbury. A handsome, hale and hearty old gentle man, whose white moustache and short trimmed white whiskers labelled him as an old soldier, was waiting on Windsor plat form, in the company of a pretty young lady, whom tho flush of expectation had made doubly charmipg, when the train from town steamed in. '• The old gentleman’s eyes ran up and down the line of carriages, and when at last he espied the object of his searcli in the person of Endalie Verpoint, he pushed his way through tho crowd towards her with a vigor and energy which prophesied another thirty vears at least of healthy life. . The young lady followed quite as deter minedly but with less force of onslaught upon the throng. Then there came a scene of handshaking and kissing such as is supposed only to happen when young ladies meet who are really fond of one another, and who have nut seen each other for some days, at least. Endalic's belongings, together with Endalie and Miss Winnio Thevoney, were speedily deposited in the landau which was waiting outside the station, whilst Sir Peter swung himself on to a big chestnut, and was ready to play the part of atten dant equerry. Then the cavalcade set out for the Rook’s Nest, about a mile away. That Endalie Verpoint and Winnie Tlieveney were two as pretty young ladies as might have been found in the Royal Borough that day could not have been de nied by any man who had eyes, nor by any woman, critically disposed though she might have been. Endalie, dark, with a beauty,- but for her fair skin, of the Southorn type, with flashing dark eyes an. curly dark brown hair, setting off th most translucent of complexions; a Winnio, fair, dreamy, blue-oyed, of the I teuderest and sweetest Anglo-Saxon type. There was always that in Endalie s oyes which might have made a man afraid of the character that lay behind that hand- j some face, but that Winn'' was as good as she was pretty might lia j been read in every feature, in every li. •. And it was but natural, when one of these two charm ing young ladies was engaged to be mar ried'to a desirable young gentleman, in the person of Mr Christopher Churn, beforo the end of the month, that the talk of the moment should wander towards millinery and ladies* finery, towards dresses and bonnets aud the hundred what-nots dear to the female heart. Endalie was in her brightest and spriglitliest of moods. Things had gone very well on the previous night, and sho was then journeying towards a fresh huntr jng-ground, All plans had been most studiously prepared. All the traps were well baited. A tried and trusted confede rate, in the person of Reuben Mayes, the gardener of tho Rook’s Nest, had moasurod every inch of the ground, examined every lock and settled every path of escape. Every emergency had been provided for, and absolutely nothing seemed to be left to chance. Failure itself could not bring detection in its track. . And that was to be her last eoup—that ono danger over, she had promised herself repose and the life of an honest woman. Whether the latter would prove as in teresting as her presont one of excitement and crime she knew not, but for the moment she longed for it. The thoughts came and went, black, grey, and white, but the smile never left that handsome faeev How it affected her friend who sat by her side, in all her love and confidence, in terested her not. The Rook’s Nest was a pretty place, standing iu about ten acres of park-like grounds. It had originally been built by Sit* Rotor’s grandfather, a director of the East India Company in it3 most glorious days. It was a roomy, comfortable house, built modestly, and'with little view to out ward show, though it boasted of some ar tistic prejeusions in tho Gothic windows of the billiard-room and the library, the iron scroll-work which protected tho doors and windows, and the stone carvings, and especially in the marble glories of its colonnaded hall. Age had toned down the flaring red of the bricks of which it was mainly built, and a veil of creeping plants helped in the task. It stood in close proximity to the open road, from which it was sheltered by a couple of score or so of huge and vonerablo elms and poplars. The gardens and grounds stretched away at the back of the building as far as the eye could The brightest of laughter echoed across the sward as the landau drove up^ the gravel path towards tho verandah of the dining-room. ^’Happiness and good cheer and the comforts of an English home. And the dovo, at that moment, was bringing the hawk into her o«st M W hoaorei susit* 