THE THIRD Y0LUME. . ; by fergus iiumji. \- CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued.) 'On. Friday evening. Both lie and his wife are coming to dine, and stop all night at the vicarage. You may be sure Hllllston will put me through a thorough cross examination regarding your absence." "Refer him to Mr. Linton," said Talt, coolly. "I am writing to that gentleman telling him I am unexpectedly called to town on particular business. What that business Is Hllllston will be anxious to know. I don't thlnlc he'll enjoy bis even ing at all. A guilty conscience mars all pleasure." "When do you leave?" "By the 4.20 train this afternoon. I'll write you about my discoveries as soon as I tad out anything worth scribbling about." "You'll find nothing," said Claude, dole fully, "after five and twenty years." "I'll find out who Louisa Sinclair Is, and then astonish Hllllston with the ex- teut of my Information. Regarding Payn- ton, I am not so certain. That discovery rests between you and Denis Bantry." "I'll do my beat, but I am doubtful," replied Claude, and so the conversation terminated for the tlmo being. It loft a lasting impression on the two who took part in it. Talt duly took his departure with Dor mer, leavlDg Claude in possession ot the house. As he leaned out of the window of the smoking carriago, he said a last word to his friend — "Don't tell Hllllston about my going to Horrlston," be said, significantly; "but If you get a chance Inform his wife of the fact." "Why?" "I'll tell you that when I come hack," said Tait, as the train moved slowly off. "Give her the information, and observe the effect; it will astonish you." But Tait counted without his- host; he was ignorant of Mrs. Hilllston's powers of self-control. CHAPTER 'XXXI.— AN EVENING AT - THE VICARAGE. Tho Vicar of Thorston was a severe man, a trifle narrow . in his views, and impe rious of temper, but he was also fond of good cheer and hospitality— virtues which oover a multitudo of sins. Those who sat at bis tablo were sure of a capital dinner and an excellent glass of wine, for his cook and cellar were both undeniable. Report said that Mr. Linton was afraid of -his cook, for that good lady had a hot temper, and feared no man. Many were the bat. | ties between her and the Vicar, but being a perfect mistress of the culinary art, she . invariably came off victor. She had her faults, but sho was a Jewel of a cook, and was valued accordingly. On this special evening the Vicar had | assembled 10 people, including himself, 1 round his hospitable board. Mr. and Mrs. Hllllston were the principal guests, and . Claude was also honored with special at tention. An old couple named Densham, garrulous and pleasant, had also been In vited, and they, with their daughter and Jenny Paynton, completed the party. To : Claude was assigned Miss Paynton, v while : to Frank Linton was glvon the Densham damsel — an arrangement which was auy- I thing but pleasing to that jealous youug ! man, or indeed to Miss Densham, who ! thought the famous author a grumpy crea ture. He was too preoccupied to please her taste. Claude thought he had never seen Mrs. Hllllston to such advantage. She appear- I ed ill at ease, and . was haggard and pale jot face, . looking every year of her ago. Even the rich dress and splendid jewels sho wore failed to conceal the ravages of time, and in the neighborhood of the frseh beauty of the two girls she seemed an old woman. Sho felt this herself, for Claude noted that sho threw an envious glance at the blooming faces of her rivals, and survoyed her wan looks In the nearest glass with a sigh. To her tho party was pur gatory. Nor did tho lawyer appear to enjoy him self. He was moody and fretful, though every now and thou he forced himself to be merry, but his laugh was hollow, and the careworn expression of his face belled his untimely mirth. Sometimes he stole a furtive look at Claude, and seemed to brood over the young man'g changed man ner, for, do what he could, Larcher, deem ing his old friend on enemy, could not behave with his former cordiality. He was iU-sutted for a diplomat. Tho dinner passed off with moderate success. Frank was complimented on his book, and tho prosy couple had to bo told the main ppiuta of the story. This brief recital made at least three peoplo uncom fortable, for Claude raised his eyes to encounter an angry glance from Hllllston and a deprecating one from Jenny. They were relieved when the Vlear, who by no means approved of such attention being bestowed on a trashy novel, even though his son was the author, turned the conver sation Into another channel. Mr. Linton lilted to lead the conversation at his own table. "I wish to speak to you particularly, Claude," whispered Mrs. Hllllston, as he held the door open for the ladles to re tire; "do not be long over your wine." "I will coma as soon as I can," he re plied, and returned to his seat, wondering what she could have to say to him. Ho was not left long In doubt, for Mr. Hlllls ton entered into conversation as soon as tho glasses were fllled and the cigars light ed. This was the moment for which he-had longod the whole evening. "Why Isn't your friend Tate here to night?" he asked. In a casual tone, feign-: lng a lightness ho did not feol. "Did not Mr. Linton tell you?" replied Claude, prepared for this query, "he had to go to town on business." . "On business?" murmured Hllllston, un easily. "Anything to do with tho caBe you havo taken up?" "I can't say. Talt did not particularly state bis errand." The lawyer sipped his wine, looked thoughtfully at the end of his cigar, and pondered for a few minutes. 'He wished to speak of Claude's changed behaviour to wards himself, yet did not know how to begin. At length ho blurted out a question, straightforward, and to the point. This was undiplomatic, but at times human nature Is too strong for training. "We are not such good friends as of yoro, Claude — how is that?" "I think you can guess the reason," re plied Larcher, not ill-pleased to tight out tho point, for lie hated being forced Into doubtful civility. "It Is this case which lias come between us. I do not think you are giving mo what help you ought to, Mr. Hllllston." "I can give you no help," said tho Iaw- ler, drawing his heavy brows together. "You know as much as I do. No doubt your meddlesome friend knows more." "It Is not Improbable. But you can prove your honesty in tho matter by doing mo a favor." "My honesty, sir, has never been called Into question yet," said Hllllston, inju diciously losing his temper — always a pre lude to defeat. "And I have no call to defend myself to one to whom I have been a father. Still I am willing to grant you what you wish, in reason." "Very good. Then Introduce me to Mr. Paynton." "I'm afraid that Is out of my power," replied Hllllston, shaking his head. "You know the man's ways, I think. He is a- hermit, a misanthrope, and does not care for company! Why do you wish to know him?" - "For various reasons," answered Larcher, coloring, with some embarrassment. He was by no means willing to take Mr. Hll llston Into his confidence. His old guardian looked at him shrewdly, and rememboring certain small circum stances connected with Jenny, guessed, with tho skill of an experienced character- reader, how the land lay. At, once he form ed a resolution to further Claude's Inter ests In tho matter, hoping, and not un-' justly, that, should the lad be taken In the tolls of love, lie might stop further Investi gation of the case — an end whloh Hlllls ton much desired to gain. "Oh!" said he, not unkindly, "sits the wind in that quarter? Well, I will aid you. In a few days I will try and Induce Mr. Paynton to see you, and then perhaps you may succeed?" "Succeed In what?" demanded Claude, sharply, hardly relishing this perspicuity. ' "Why, In this love suit of yours. Aye, aye, Claude, I can see what you aim at, -old as I am. Well, she is a pretty girl, clever and worthy. I know of no woman who would make you a better wife. You have my beBt wishes for your Buccesa." "And you will introduce me to her fa ther?" , "I'll try to, but I won't promise confi dentially. Paynton is a strange creature, and may refuse to see you. By-the-way," added Hllllston, as though struck with a sudden thought, "what was my wife saying to you at the door?" "She was requesting me to speak to her In tho drawing-room. There Is nothing wrong, I hope. She does not look well." "Oh, nothing wrong, nothing wrong,". re plied Hllllston, easily, rising to his feet as the vicar moved towards the door. "She is fond of you, my dear boy, and is anxious about the cose." "Anxious about the case," thought Lar cher, as he followed his hoet Into the drav.'- lngroom. "That Is strange. She can have no Interest In It. H'm! I'll try the effect of Talt's destination on her. Ho said I would he astonished at the result. I am beginning to be so already." Perhaps Jenny had overheard the whis per In the dlningroom and was sufficiently taken with Larcher to be jealous of his at tentions to Mrs. Hllllston, old though she deemed her, for before he could cross over to where the lawyer's wife was seated, Jeuny beckoned to him with her Imperious finger. He could do nothing but obey, de- spito the frown which darkened Mrs. Hillls ton's face, as she saw, and, with womanly Instinct, guessed the manoeuvre. "Come and sit down hero," whispered Jenny, under cover of the music, for Miss Densham was at tho piano. "I havo not 6een you for several days." "That Is not my fault," said Claude, de lighted at the interest thus displayed, "you stay so much indoors. I have been looking for you everywhere." "Have you, indeed, Mr. Larcher!" said Jenny, with feigned surprise. "AAd why, may I ask?" "Oh, for no particular purpose, unless, indeed, it was to ask you for further infor mation concerning tho novel." "Hush! Not a word of that. I can't speak of it to you. I know who you are. Mr. Larcher, but I am Ignorant of tho tra gedy savo what I told to Frank, and later on to Mr. Tatt." "But you can guess r" "I can guess nothing," Interrupted tho girl, imperiously. "If you and I are to re main friends you must cease talking on that subject." "I'll do anything to remain friends with you, Miss Paynton," was the significant reply. "Then, taik of anything savo that terrible case. Oh, how I wish I had left it alone!" . "I'm glad you did not," said Claude, bluntly. "If it had not been for that hook " Before he could finish the sentence Jenny shot an Indignant look at him, and de liberately rising from her seat crossed tho room to whore Frank Linton was frowning and tugging at his moustache. Claude was vexed at his folly In thus drawing down her anger on him, but accepted his beat ing like a man, and passed over to where Mrs. Hllllston watted with an expectant face. She remarked on his tardy coming with some bitterness. "I see you prefer a younger face to mine," sbe said, drawing herself - up. "Time was when I had no rival to tear." "Dear Mrs. Hilliston, I could not disobey a lady. Besides — besides " "Besides you are in love with her. Oh, I can see that! Well, she is a pretty girl. So -you intend to marry her." "It is early yet to talk of marriage. I don't even know if she likes me." Mrs. Hilliston laughed, and looked at him smilingly. "Then you must be very ignor ant of tho ways of women, my dear," she said, meaningly. "A word in your ear, Claude. That girl loves you." "In two weeks! Impossible!" "I've known love to grow In two days," replied Mrs. Hilliston, drily. "Oh, yes, she loves you, and you love her, so you eon marry as soon as you choose." "First I must get Mr. Paynton's eon- sent." "I should not think that would be diffi cult," said tbe lady, looking at bis eager face. "You are young, not ill- looking, not badly off, and so I should not think Mr. Paynton would desire anything better for liis daughter. So much for the first obsta cle and the second." "I must solve the mystery of my father's death." Mrs. Hilllston's manner changed on the instant, and from being gay . she became severe and anxious looking, indeed, Claude thought that she paled under her rouge; but this might have boon fancy. '.'It is about that I wish to speak to you," she said, hurriedly. "I want you to stop Investigating this case. You will learn no thing; it would be no use to anyone If you did solve the mystery. Stop troubling yourself with slander, Claude." "Why?" ho asked, astonished at her earnest tone. "Because your conduct vexes my hus band. He has been a father to you in tho place of tho one you lost, so you ought to consider him a little. Pray leave that mystery unsolved." \ "If I would Tait would not. He is now even more eager than I to find out the truth." "Horrid little man!" said tho lady, vi ciously. "Where is he now?" The time had now come to try the effect of Tait's destination, and fixing his eyes on Mrs. Hilliston as she slowly fanned her self, Claude uttered tho fatal words "He is at Horrlston." The fan stopped, Mrs. Hilliston paled, but preserving her self-control with a strong effort, replied, quietly: "At Horrlston! And why?" \- "To find out a person not mentioned in the case." "Man or woman?" asked Mr. Hllllston, In a low voice. "Woman." „ Sho 6aid no more, but turned away her head to reply to her husband, who came up opportunely. He also bad heard the lost few words of tho conversation, and ignoring the presence ot Claude, husband and wife looked at pne another with pale faces. The shot had struck home, and Larcher saw that it had. CHAPTER XXXII.— THE DISCOVERIES OF SPENSER TAIT. Horrlston ' might fitly bo compared to Jonah's gourd; it sprang up In tho night, so to speak, and withered in the space of a day. In the earlier part of the Victorian era a celebrated doctor recommended its mineral springs, and invalids flocked to the cured at this new pool of Bethesda. Whe ther the cures were not genuine, or in sufficiently rapid, to please tho sick folk, it Is hard to say, hut after 15 or 20 years of prosperity the crowd of fashionable valetudinarians ceased to occupy tho com modious lodglug bouses and hotels of Hor rlston. Other places sprang up with great er attractions and more certain cures, bo the erstwhile fashionable town relapsed Into Its provincial dulnoss. No ono lived there but a few retired army men, and no one came, save a stray neurotic person in search of absolute quiet. Few failed to get that at Horrlston, which was now as sleepy a place as could bo found In all England. Evon Thorston was moro in touch with the 19th century than this de serted town. As Talt drove through the streets on his way to the principal hotel ho could not help noticing the dreary look of the chief thoroughfare. Many of the shops wore closed, some were unoccupied, and those still open displayed wares grimy and fly blown. Tho shopkeepers came to their doors in a (lazed fashion to look at the new visitor In tho single fly which plied between station and hotel, thereby show ing that the event was one of rare occur rence. There were no vehicles in the street Itself, save a lumbering cart con taining market produce and the doctor's trap, which stood at tho doctor's door. A few peoplo sauntered along the pavement In a listless fashion, and the whole aspect of the- place was one of decay and deser tion. But for the presence of shopkeepers and pedestrians, few though they were, Talt could almost have Imagined himself In somo deserted mining township on the Callfornlan coast. The principal hotel faced one Bide of a melancholy square, and was_ called the Royal Victoria, out of compliment to the reigning monarch. It was a. large barrack, with staring windows, and a flight of white steps leading up to a deserted hall. 'No busy waiters, no genial landlord or buxom barmaid, not e.ven the sound of cheerful voices. Cats slept on the; steps, and fowls clucked in the square, while a melancholy waiter peering out ot the window put the finishing touch to the lamentable dreari ness of tho scene. Tho sign "Royal Vic- rla" should have been removed out of very shame, and the word "Ichabod" written up in its place. The landlord was lacking in humor to let things remain as tliey were. However, Talt being hungry, and dusty, and tired, consoled himself with the re flection that It was, at all ovents, an hotel, and speedily found himself the sole occu pant of the dlningroom, attended to by the melancholy Walter. Tho viands provided wore by no means bad, and tho wine was undeniably good — and small wonder, see ing that It had been In the cellars far a quarter of a century, for want of someone to drink It. This fact was confided to Talt by the sad Ganymede. "Wo used to see a sight of company here," Bald this elderly person when he appeared with the claret, "but, bless you, it's "be Babylon tbe fallen now, sir. You're the first gentleman as I have seen here for a week." "Shouldn't think It would pay to keep the hotel open." "It don't, sir," replied the waiter, with conviction; "but master is well off — mado his money In the days when Horrlston was Horrlston, and keeps this place as a sort of hobby. We have a club here in tbe evenings, sir, and that makes tblhgs a bit lively." "Have you been here long?" asked Tait, noticing how grey and wrinkled was this despondent servitor. "Over thirty years, sir," responded Gany mede, with a sigh as though the memory was too much for him, "man and boy I've been hero thirty years." "I'm glad of that. You're the man I want. Got a good memory?" "Pretty good, sir. Not that there's much to remember," and he sighed again. "H'm. Have you any recollection of a murder which took place at 'The Laurels' twenty-five years ago?" "That I have, sir," said the waiter, with faint animation, "It was the talk of the country. Captain Larcher, wasn't It, sir, and his wife, a sweetly pretty woman? She was accused of tbe murder, I think; but dhs didn't do It. No, nor Mr. Jerlngham either, though some people think he did 'cause lie cleared out. And small blamo to him when they were after him like roar ing lions.", "Do you remember Jerlngham?" "I should think so, sir. Why, ho stopped In this very hotel, he did. As kind and affable a gentleman as I ever met, sir. Tie kill Captain Larcher! Not he! No more, than did the wife, poor thing. Now I have my. own opinion," said this wise person, significantly, "but I didn't take to it for five years after the murder. As you might say. twenty years ago, sir." "Who do you thlnlc committed the crime then?" asked Tait, rather Impressed by the man's manner. The waiter looked around with the enjoy able air of a man about to impart a piece of startling information, and bent across the table to communicate it to Talt. "Denis Bantry was the man, sir," he said, solemn ly, "Captain Lurcher's valet." "Nonsense! What makes you think that?" "I don't think It, sir. I know It. If you don'.t believe me, go to 'Tho Laurels' and ask tho old gardener, Dick Fental. Ho saw It," finished the waiter, in a tragic whis per. "Saw what? Tho murder," said Tait, with a startled look. . "Yes, sir. He saw the murder. I heard It all from him, I did; I forget the exaot story he told me. But Denis Bantry should have been hanged, sir. Ob, there Isn't the least doubt about it, sir." "But if this Dick Pental saw the crime committed, why didn't he como forward and tell about It?" "Well, sir, it was tbls way," said Gany mede, dusting the table with his napkin. "Dick ain't all there. Not to be too deli cate, sir, Dick's mad. He was always a softy from a boy, not that he's old now, sir. Forty-five, I believe, and he was twenty years of age when he was in Cap tain Lurcher's service." ''And is he at 'The Laurels' still?" . "Why, yes, sir. You see, after tho mur der no one would take tho house. They thqugbfc it haunted, maybe, so Dick was put in as caretaker. Ho looked after It for twenty years, and then .It was taken by a gentlomon who didn't care for murders or ghosts. ' He's there new, sir, and so Is Dick, who still looks after the garden." . "But why didn't Dick relate what he saw?" "Because of his softness, sir," said the waiter, deliberately. "You see, Dick had been, put Into a lunatic asylum, he had, just before he came of age. Captain Larcher — a kind gentleman, sir — took him out, and made him gardener at 'The Laurels,' so when Dick saw the murder done ho was afraid to speak In case he should be locked up again. No head, you see, sir. So he held his tongue, ho did, and only told me five years after the murder. Then it was too late, for all those who wero at 'The Laurels' on that night had disappeared. You don't happen to know where Denis Bantry Is, sir, do you? For he ought to hang, sir; Indeed he ought." (To bo continued.) | 