DICKENS'S CHRISTMAS CAROL. The Christmas carol as dramatised by Mrs Webster is rather a series of dream pictures than a play. Those who wish to enter into the spirit of the performance must for the time being place themselves in the position of Scrooge. The period of time actually covered by the play is a day and a night, although the dream pictures extend over at least half a century. The first scene shows the old miser sitting by his fire alone, having grudgingly given his poor half-starved clerk a holiday. It is Christmas Eve, and $e has shut his heart alike against the claims of kinship and of charity. It is at this juncture that the ghost or his former partner appears to him, and in a dialcgue, in which Dickens is at his best, tells Scrooge that, thanks to his (Jacob Marby's) intervention, he is to have a chance of redeeming the past. Three spirits are to visit him, the spirit of Christmas past, the spirit of Christmas present, and the spirit of Christmas to come. The curtain falls on the first of these spirits preparing to lift the veil that shrouds the things that have been. It is is perhaps superfluous to note that the scene of all the pictures that follow is laid on Christmas Eve. When the curtain rises we see Scrooge and his attendant spirit invisible specta tors of the first of the dream pictures, the old man sees himself as a solitary child sitting alone in a deserted school- room, while outside the Christmas waits are singing "Hark i the Herald Angels." In the next picture he sees himself as a clerk in the warehouse of old Fizzing. Desk, chairs, and bales of goods are all cleared off in honour of Christmas, and a party of merry folk troop in to dance Sir Roger de Coverley. In picture three we get the touch of romance, when the girl, to whom as a young man Scrooge had been be trothed, breaks off her engagement on account of the money.loving propensities of herfiance. In picture four he gazos with regret on his former love-now a comely old lady, married to one more worthy of her, surrounded by her children and grand children. This concludes the revelation of Christ mas past, and it leaves scrooge in an agony of remorse. In the scene that follows the spirit of Christmas present appears to him, and the old man follows her willingly into the land of shadows. First he sees his poor clerk, Bob Cratchit, enjoying his Christmas dinner with his wife and little ones around him. The central figure in this dream picture is Tiny Tim, the cripple child. He it is who strikes the first genuine note of tenderness in the miser's breast. The next picture takes us from the poor cottage into a luxurious drawing room, where Scrooge's nephew and his bride are entertaining a Christmas party. The guests are laughing over Fred's optimistic view of the changes he hopes to effect in " that stingy old beggar," his uncle. This closes the revelation of Christmas present, and in fear and trembling poor Scrooge awaits the visit of the "dark spirit" of Christmas to come. Three of the pictures that follow take place in a busy street. As in a dream Scrooge looks upon and listens to the mock ing laughter of his acquaintances and business friends as they cut sorry jests upon his death and funeral. He stands in the sordid pawn-broker's shop while the harpies who surround his death-bed pawn the things they have purloined from the deserted and neglected corpse. He hears Caroline and her husband rejoicing that his death releases them from the clutches of a money-grasping creditor. Then finally, by way of contrast, he is compelled to wit ness the grief caused in his despised clerk's home by the death of the cripple child, whom he had once classed amorg" the surplus population." Again the curtain falls and rises. This time upon a converted Scrooge, only longing for the opportunity to show his liberality and goodwill towards all mankind. He is thanking God that the vision of the past, present, and future is but a dream, that he can still" change the shadows of what might be " by an altered life. 