SHORT STORY. One Night of my Life ABOUT A MADMAN. ** Mr DARLIKG ALICE,— " I will try and be with you to-])iglit. ITy business takes me to a small town about twenty miles from your house, and I could not bear to l»e so near you without looking iato your sweet ey«s and hearing yon say that you are true to ma,BO I shall ride over in the afternoon, and God willing, «hall hold you in my arms to-night. " Youa OWN JACK." Having dispatched my day's business and leutthis letter to my sweetheart, l,tbe Jack therein mentioned, hastened to hire a horse for the purpose of riding the twenty miles which separated me from Alice, my; betrothed bride. As my business—which was that of a travelling apout for a prosperous house—obliged me to he often away from home, a chance like this to see Aliqe'waa very precious to me. ~ It was sis o'clock in the evening when I stalled out on my horse from the dour of the" inn where 1 had been stopping. In vain was it ihat the landlord tried to dissuade me; his account of the lonely and desolate road, and of the frightful things which had happened on it, of the murders and midnight horrors which hung over it, could not turn me from my purpose. Even the thought that I must pass by the haunted rock, ia the park, slone, and with no hope of aid, should I require it. that I must ride through passes which the village legends peopled with spirits and ghosts of the. departed travellers, could not deter inc. .. 1 Espiu-rod onward amid the dark forebodings of those assembled to witness my rash departure, my landIord's:propbesy of a sudden and violent storm ringing in my ears as I went. I treated these -sijperstitious talcs as merely the inventions of ignorant villagers, and the sounds which were reported to issue from the haunted rock, as, at best, coming from the throat of some human enemy, against whom a pistol would he most effective. There were still two hours of daylight before me, and as I rode along I was lost in thoughts of my sweetheart. I seemed to see her standing on her vine- covered porch, ready to welcome me with ber bright smile. The dainty figure, with its blue eyes and waving hair, rose before my eyes : and so vivid was the vision that I spoke her name half aloud. The sound of my own voice startled me, and, looking up for the first time, I saw that the sky was growing black, the wind was howling, and rumbling distant thunder was in the air. 11 had come—the storm which my landlord had foretold. I spurred on my borse ; a big drop of rain splashed over my face; the darkness thickened; and at the same instant through the gloom loomed up the outlines of the huge boulder, which a turn in the road had before hidden from my sight. A slight shiver crept over me as I recalled the tales connected with it, and thought upon mv own lonely situation. Something of tbis feeling seemed to enter into my horse, for as we nearcd the rock, shrouded in darkness, he trembled from head to foot. Using all my strength, I forced hiin past it, and at the same instant there sounded upon my ear a low burst of laughter, so peculiar in its tone as to send an icysh'idder through me. Asomething that was not human sounded in it. It was fiendish, devilish. Conquering my momentary weakness, I strained my eyes to pierce the darkness, in the hope of discovering the shape from which those sounds proceeded, but all was silent and deserted as the grave. The form must hare been swallowed up in darkness, for I saw nothing. A strange feeling of dread weighed on my heart, vague and indefinite, and the night grew blacker and blacker. The storm drew nearer, and my every effort was now dirccted-to gain some place of shelter from the rain. 1 looked in vain for a light in the distance ; all was black and desolate ; torrents of rain poured down, soaking me to the skin; thunder crashed, and my poor horse galloped as for his life. Once, between the thunder peal3,1 seemed to hear that same low, mad laugh in my ear, and, shuddering, I wildly spurred my poor horse. Just then a vivid' flash of lightning illumined the road, disclosing a hut about a hundred feet in advance ; a second flash enabled me to reach the opening which had once been a door; but the whole miserable place was in a ruinous condition. For years it had been abandoned to wind and weather. Fearfully I entered, and found myself in the largest of the two rooms which the hovel boasted. The ceiling was broken away, and the rain poured in upon the rotting floor,aud beat through the broken window. Nothing more fearful and more wild could be imagined, but still I welcomed it, and turning the poor horse loose outside, I passed into the inner room. A lightning flash illumined it, aud standing upright against the opposite wall I saw the form of a wan, his face distorted by a smile of wicked cunning, ana as the darkness fell again, a shrieking iaugh mingled with the thunder. Made desperate by the terrors of the night and of my loneliness, 1 struck a match and rushed forward ; but the figure was gone,the room deserted. Turning, 1 pass 2d into the first, room, but it wa3 equally tenantless. Tuli of wonder and strange forebodings, I chose a dry spot and threw myself upon the floor and tried to sleep. Vain endeavor; the figurehaunted me, and often, as fatigue overpowered me and sleep seemed on the point of relieving me, the memory of that laughter would ring through my brain, and I would start wildly up, to find myself lying alone upon the floor with the storm still raging without. Finally, quite exhausted, I fell into a deep slumber, which lasted I know not how long, but which was suddenly and violently broken by that same demoniac noise. This time I tried to rise, in vain ; a fearful weieht was on ray chest-. Straining ope n my eyes, I beheld in the light of the m-son, which now shone through the window, that same man's face bending over mine. Terrified beyond expression, I struggled to free myself of the creature upon me; but m v arms and legs were fast bound ; the same cunning smile distorted the face, and the leering eyes rolled as I struggled vainly. I strove to shriek, but the sound came not; a faint gurgle was the only result of my frantic effort. At the same instant the creature above me rose, and with chuckles and leers, drew forth a coil of rope ; nodding his head and gibbering, he arranged a noose, and with another blood curdling laugh, he placed it about my neck. My (tod, the agony of that moment, when I realised that I was absolutely at the mercy of a madman 1 Tighter and tighter he drew the rope, till my face grew black with suffocation, and my eyes and tongue started from my head. Consciousness was almost gone wben the pressure was slowly, steadily relaxed. and the maniac's features glarcd down upon me once more. I breathed again ; be had spared me; the rush of joyful feeling nearly overcame me. He marked the expression of my face, and, chuckling, drew the noose again, exulting to watch my face purple, end my eyes protrude. Twenty times I thought my death agony at baud, and twenty times, with a maniac's cunning, he restored my breath, and prolonged my torture. How he (.'hiichled and muttered to himself, wagping his fiendish head, and oh 1 my God, how, when I struggled to get free, wrestling in a-ony with death and torture, he uttered his inrane, exulting laugb. flow I longed and prayed for death ; how } hoped the madman would once draw the I.tioBe so tight that, when relaxed, my breath s-ould still refuse to come. Suddenlv his Strain seemed possessed with some "new jjlan. Slowly he drew off the rope, and, with one backward giance, left the room. At first, I dar-v.l not hope for life ; but when the time went by and still he came not. I began to think that he was goue entirely,and thatmy life might yet be saved. 1 struggled to free myself once more ; struggled and writhed until my heart nearly burst through my Docty ; but m vain, just tuen a now sound caught my ear, filling ine with unutterable dread. A fork of iight shot up. Yes, it wa3 true, the maniac had set fire to the hovel. And now I saw . his face grinning at me through the window. Making one last superhuman effort I uttered a fearful shriek. The madman leaped in at the window, and, at the same instant, another form followed him. Some one seized me. I knew no more. When consciousness returned, I was lying upon a bed in my sweetheart's own pretty room, and she, with tears ia ber gentle eyes, was watching my slow return to life. I learned afterwards, when my strength returned, that the madman had escaped from an asylum in the neighborhood, and being missed, his keeper, attracted by the sight of the (lames, arrived just in time to save me f.rom the horrible fate which seemed to await me. 1 bad fallen into a deep swoon, and from that into a raging fever, and during my ravings iRbouuh was learned to send me to the house which ha i been my destination when 1 started out the previous night. As soon as I was well ac:aiu Alice and I were married, and were surely happier than it falls to the lot of most mortals to be ; but never while I live shall I forget the agonies of that one night of my life. 