On a Charge of Forgery. [BY L. T. MEADE AND CLIFFORD HALIFAX M.D.] The study of human character in its many complex forms has always been of deep interest to the doctor. From long practice, he becomes to a great extent able to read his many patients, and some characters appear to him as if they were the pages of an open book. The hopes, fears, aims, and motives which influence the human soul are laid bare before him, even in the moment when the patient imagines that he is only giving him a dry statement of some bodily ailment. The even in the moment when the patient mind on body, and can do little good for any patient until he becomes acquainted with his dominant thought, and the real motive which influences his life. For the purpose of carrying on what has become such an absorbing study of my own life, I have often visited places not at all connected with my profession in the hope of getting fresh insight into the complex workings of the human mind. Not long ago, having a day off duty, I visited the Old Bailey while a celebrated trial was going. on. The . special -lase which was engaging the attention of judge, learned* counsel, ;■ a£§ twelve intelligent members of the British jury was one which aroused my professional acumen from the first. The man who stood in the prisoner's dock was a gentleman by birth ana appearance. He was young and good-looking—his face was of the keenly iirtfcUi^eut v&rdeiv- fhis; ©yes, were. • frank it» ,vj iteif "expression—his < mouth firm, and Ids Jaw of the bulldog orderaB regar'" olmtinacy ' and tenacity of' purpose, judged* iiiri to be abont twenty-eight years of age, although the anxiety incident to hiB croel position had-already. Blighty sprinkled the:hair which grew around Ids templeswith grey. His name was Edward Bayard—the crime hp ;w&b; being tried for, was forgery -—he was acpused- of -haying., forged a cheque for,-£5,000, and i saw from the first that the' circumstantial evidence, against him was of the strongest. I listened tp jhis able counsel's view of Hie case, watching the demeanour of the prisoner as I did so. He leant the whole timp with his arms oyer the rail of 'the dock, looking struct T)efore him without a festige; of either shame or confusion on his fine face. I observed that his intel lectwasi keenly at work ; that he was following: the arguments of his_ counsel with intense interest. I also noticed that once or twice his lips moved, and oh one bocasionj when a very difficult point was earned, there came the glimmer of a smile of satjsfactapn round his firmly-set lips. The counsel for the prosecution then stood tip and pulled the .counsel's argument for iihe defendant to pieces. The case seemed black against -the prisoner—still he never moved from his one position, The -crae was not finished that day. went away so deeply interested,. that I resolved at all hazards to return to the Old Bailey on the following after noon. I did so—the case of Ed ward Bayard occupied another couple of hours—-in the end, Hie ■jury brought in a verdict of * Guilty,' and the prisoner was sentenced to five years' penal servitude. I watched him when the sentence was pronounced, and noticed a certain droop of his shoulders as he followed bis gaoler out of the dock.' My own firm conviction was that the man was innocient. There was nothing for me to do, however, in the matter. A jury of his countryman had pronounced Edward Bayard guilty. He had iwen,;. employed in the ■ diplomatic service, land hitherto bis career had been irreproachable; it was now cut short. He bad metaphorically stepped down, gone out, vanished. His old place in the world: would know . him no more. He might .survive his sentence, and even live, to ;be-.an jold.man, but practically, for all intentssnd purposes, his life was over. lamnotgiven tosentimentalize, but I . felt a strange sensation of discontent dor ingfcheremainderoftliat day; in short I almost willed that I had taken up the law instead of medicine, in order that the chance might be mine to clear Bayard. That evening at. my club a man I knew weU began* to talk over the case. *Tt is a queer story altogether,' he said; 'It is weU who prosecutedj-is -in-love with the girl to . whom Bayard was engaged.' '.indeed I' ,1 ans wered; * I know no thi^wliatever .of 33ayanTs private his toiy. - * Until this occurred,' continued Tees ddj'jl would hav&trusted; Bayard, whom -I have known for years, with untold gold —the ierideiice. against him, however, has beeiilsd bverwtielming that, of course, he had not the ghost of a chance of acquittal; still, I muBt repeat,he is the last -man I should ever have expected to do~that -sort of thing/ Jrwas presentaijthe trial,' Ianswered, ^Ub^& 4he'^iory toa certain ex tent, but 1 should like to hear it now in brief, if I may.? ^ , * I will' present -it In a nutshell,' said Teesdel, in hisbriskway. ' LeveBen, the prosecutor, .is .a tolerably rich man—he >in« a house' in Piccadilly, where he lives with his sister.: = -Levesen .is guardian to a veiyjjeautiful girl, a ward in Ohancery— her name is lady Kathleen Church. She has lived "with LeveBen and his sister for the last couple of yeans, lady ffethleen friendB^hat ne intended to make the fair heiressVhis wife. She, is a very lovely girl, and, as she will inherit a large fortune when sfe4ttjMs her "majority,is of course attractive in every way. . Lady Kathleen met Bayard at a Mend's house—the yonng-pfeople fell in- love with each other, : anfl- beckme engaged. iBayard was rising in Iti ^tifession—4ie was far from rich, butj4^s& ;likel^ to do well eventually. Th^fe'ii<> Reasonable objection to the eng^ementj'cind Francis Iievesen did not attempt to make any. Levesen took Bayard npr—the iwo men .were constantly seen together—4he engagement was form ally announced, although the ^wedding pla^untflLady Jlath leen's majority, OtiejSne morning it was discovered that Bayard's banking account was augmeh^d^bothe taae-bf £5,000, that Levesen's accpj^jvas short of precisely that sum, tliat' a cheque had been pre sented by Bayard at Levesen's bank, with Iievesen's signature, for exactly that sum of monsyh. i •» forgery. Bayard" 'was arrested, prose cuted, . and found guilty. ; TTin version of thestoi^ you h4ve, dodbtleBS, followed in court. ,. Leveaen is in Parliament, and has a secretary ; Bayard was in money diffi cnliies. He asked Levesen to help him, and declares that the cheque was handed to bim ^byi Mr. Franks, Levesen's secre tary. Miere is no evidence whatever to support his story, and Bayaid has, as you know, now,, to expiate his crime in penal servitude. Well, 1 can only repeat that he is the last man in existence I should ever have expected to do that sort of thing.' ' We none of us know what we may do nntii we are tried,' said a man who stood near. ' The story is undoubtedly: a strange one,' I answered. * I have listened bare fully to the evidence on both sides, and although the verdict is evidently the only one which, could be ejected under the circumstances, my strong feeling is that Bayard did not commit that forgery.' 'Then how do you >account for the thing?' I wish I could account for. it—there to something Mddek which' we know noth ing About. I am convinced of Bayard's innocence, but my Jreason for this convic tion is nothing more than -a certain knowledge of chusacter winch from .long experience I possess. BayardiB not the sort of a man who, under any circum stances.wduld debase himself to the ex-' tent thing is repugnant to his character—in short; I believe him to be innocent. My words evidently startled Teesdel; he gazed at me attentively. ' It is queer that you, of all men, should make such a remark, Halifax,' he',said.. •You must know that character goes for nothing in moments of strong temptation. It was clearly proved that Bayard wanted the money. ■ ■Franks, the necretary,could not.have had any.possible motive for swearing to a lie. In short, I can't agree with you. I am sorry for the poor fellow, but I am afraid my verdict is on the side of the jury.' ' What about Lady Kathleen T I asked, after a pause. 1 Of coarse the engagement is broken off—people eaythegnl is broken-hearted —she was devoted to Bayard; I believe Miss Levesen has taken her out of town.' I said nothing further. It tru more than a year before I heard Bayard's name mentioned again. Walking down Piccadilly one day 1 ran up against Teesdel ; he stopped to speak to me for a minute, and as we .were parting turned back to say:— ' By tiie way, your face reminds me of I something—yes, now 1 know. The last time I saw you, you had jpst come from j poorBayard's trial—well, the latest news i is, thatLadyKathleen Church is engaged ^ to Francis Levesen—the engagement is j fomally announced —they are to be married within a month—the wedding is to be one of thebig aflairs of tho season.' .'Poor Bayard!' was my sole exclamation. I parted with Teesdel after another word or two, and hurried off to attend to my duties. A week later two ladies were ushered into my consulting room. One was elderly, with a thin, somewhat mascu line, .type of face, shrewd, closely set dark eyes, and a compressed mouth. She was dressed in the height of the reigning fashion, and wore a spotted veil drawn down over her face. Her manner was stiff And conventional. She bowed and took the chair I offered without speaking. I turned from her to glance at her com panion—my other visitor was a girl—a girl who would have been beautiful had she been in health. Her figure was very slight and willowy—she had well-open brown eyes, and one of thoBe high-bred faces which one associates with the best order of English girl. In health, die probably had a bright complexion, but she was now ghastly pale—her face was much emaciated, and there were large black shadows under her eyes. Looking at her more closely, I came to the quick conclusien that' the state of her bodily health was caused by some mental worry. The melancholy in her beautiful eyes was almost overpowering. I drew a chair forward for her, and she dropped into it. without a word. ' 'My name is Levesen,' said the elder lady. 'Ihave brought-my ward, Lady Kathleen Church, to consult you, Dr. Halifax/ I repeated the name under my breath— in a moment I. knew who this girl was. She had been engaged to Bayard, and was now going to marry Francis Levesen. Was this the explanation of the highly nervous condition from "which she was evidently-suffering ? '* What areLadyKathleen's symptoms V I asked, after a pause. ' She neither eats nor sleeps —she spends he time irrationally—she does everything that girl can do toundermine her health,' said the elder lady in an abrupt tone—* in short, she is childish to the last degree, and so ally and nervous that the sooner a doctor takes her in hand the better.' * What do yon complain of yourself ?' I said, turning to the patient. *1 am sibk of life,* said the girl. 'X am glad that I am ill—I don't wish to be made welL' 4 It is all a case of nerves.' said Miss Levesen. * Until a year ago there could not have been a healthier girl than Lady Kathleen—she enjoyed splendid health— her spirits were excellent—from that date She began to droop. She had, I know, a slight disappointment, but one from which any sensible girl would quickly have re covered. I took her into the country and did what I could SEor her; she became bettor, and is now engaged to my brother, who is deeply attached to her. They are to be married in a month. If ever a girl onght to enjoy life, and the prospect be fore her, she ought.' ' Ill-health prevents one enjoying any thing,' I answered, in an enigmatical voice. ' Will you tell me something more about your symptoms? I said, turning again toi my patient. 'I can't sleep,'she replied. *1 do not care to eat—I am very unhappy—I take no interest in anything—in short, I wish to die.' ' Your manner of speaking is most reck less and wrong, Kathleen,' said the elder lady, in a tone of marked disapproval. ■ * Forgiveme, but I should like to ques tion Lady Kathleen without interruption,' I said, turning to .Miss Levesen. Her face flushed. 1 Oh, certainly,4 she answered. * I know that I ought not to speak—I sin cerely hope you will get to the bottom of this extraordinary state of thipgs, Dr. Halifax, and induce my ward to return to common-sense.' ' May I speak to yon alone ?' suddenly asked the young lady, raising her eyes, and fixing th&m; on my facia. 'If youwish it,' I replied., 'It may be best. Miss Levesen, io allow me to see Lady Kathleen for a few moments by her self,'I continued, in a low voice. 'In a case like the present, the patient is always much more confidential when quite alone with the doctor.' * As you please,' she replied ; ' only, for Heaven's sake, don't humor her in her fads.' I rang the bell, and desired Harris to take 1MGbs Levesen to the waiting-room. The moment 'ire were alone, Lady Kath leen's manner completely changed ; her listlessnesa left her—she became animated, and even excited. be continued}. 