BOYISH INSENSIBILITY. The murder of a mother by her_two sons of 11 and 13 was one of the most horrible acts of boy wickedness which has occurred within living memory. Other matricides or parricides have had some sort of excuse or explana tion. The mother or father-has been very stern and harsh, or else the children have been tempted by the desire to get hold of the parent's money. Such explanations do not of course' make the crime less great, but to a certain extent it seems less apalling, less bestial. Those who yield to a temptation of rage or greed at any rate act on motives which every human being understands. W hat is to be said of boys who kill their mother for a whim, who act on a motive which would not justify one in killing a fly ? The boys at Plais stow stabbed their mother as one might slash a stinging nettle with one's stick or crush an earwig. They had a fancy to kill their mother in a moment of annoyance, and they apparently hardly thought twice about carrying their will into execu tion. Such an attitude of mind is bewildering in its devilishness. The boys acted like fierce and degraded animals, and yet with all the cunning of men. They stabbed the poor woman as 6he lay in her bed,and left her body to rot while they played cards and ate sweets in the room below; but, at the same time, they were telling smooth lies to the neighbors as to their mother being in Liverpool. The story is, to our mind, a sickening one, not so much because of the horrible details of the crime, but because of the brutalisation and pure wickedness of the boys' minds. They do not seem to have had a glimmer of moral sc-nse. They had not even the fear which is something akin to remorse, and so often makes the bad man a coward. If they had grown terrified at the horror of their deed, or had felt it impossible to live with the corpse in the room above, they would have at least shown a symptom of human feel ing, and have proclaimed themselves part of the stock of Adam. Instead, they exhibited a callousness, an insen sibility, an indifference which turns one cold to think of. A dog that had worried the poor woman to death could not have shown less understand ing that wrong had been done. The case we are writing about is, of course, an extreme one; but it will be ad mitted by those who know anything about the young that in all classes of life there is a certain percentage of boys who, about the age of 13—say, from 11 to 15—show something of the callousness and insensibility dis plaj'ed in so hideous and revolting a form by thePlaistow boj-s. The boy is something very different from the child. The child, that is, is not merely a weaker, less self-willed, and less active boy, but morally altogether a different creature. Boyhood often gives perfectly new characterists to the child. The normal healthy boy, the boy, that is, who has not, either owing to special training or to illness, become more a girl than a boy—is a creature of strong impulses and wide imaginings, whic-h are with difficulty checked and kept in order. He has a high code of honor of his own, but it is a somewhat narrow and limited ons. He will do anything rather than play the sneak, but there are a large number of people whom he holds that it is quite fair to take in. If you can contrive to put him on his word of honor, he is to be trusted anywhere, like the Crusader who had sworn on the Cross. If, however, he remains unbound by what he considers a binding form of words he will stick at nothing. He is chivalrous, on occasions gentle, and his feelings every now and then are easily touched, but at the same time his general attitude towards the world is one of war. Like the knight-errant, he is always on the look-out for some thing to tilt against. It never occurs to him that the boys whose heads he punches in the streets, the wayfarers whom he pelts and otherwise insults and injures on the Queen's highway, or again, the farmers whose orchards he robs, or whose catcle he teases into madness, or the maids whom he frightens into hysterics by booby trays and sheeted ghosts, possess any> rights that need he respected. It is almost impossible to get him to see that it is unkind to frighten a timid girl who has to go home on winter evenings through the churchyard. "What the boy lacks, and what he gains afterwards, if he becomes—as in most cases he does—a right-minded and wholesome-hearted Englishman, is a sense of kindliness, a respect for the feelings of others, and a touch of gentleness and self-sacrifice. But the lack of these feelings and qualities is in reality nothing but the lack of sensibility—of ability to feel, to com prehond, and to sympathise. Sensi bility and sympathy are what the typical boy lacks, and what he gains when he gets out of the Bed Indian epoch and becomes a man and gentleman. It is in this lack of sensi bility and sympathy, this hardness of feeling, that is to be found, in our opinion, the solution of the mystery of boyish wickedness. All boys show to a certain extent this hardness, but in exceptional hoys it reaches to positive petrifaction. The boy's heart seems absolutely turned to stone. Nothing will touch it. The exceptional boys —'the boys in whom this hardening of the heart is carried beyond the ordi nary limit—are always in danger of doing something which may he posi tively wicked—something which may verge upon the terrible crime at Plai stow. The history of our public schools affords plenty of examples of boys who have tortured their fellows in a way which would have disgraced a savage. Though we are not among those who would make the moral nature nothing hut an affair of physical well- being, and the soul matter for clinical treatment, we are inclined to believe that the temporary and partial petrifaction of the feel ings and the moral sense during boyhood, may he due to the great phy-sical changes that are concurrent with it. Those changes affect the hoy's whole body, and absorb all his energies. After all, sensitiveness is a form of energy, and the boy has little or no energy left with which to give ; his heart its rights. Everyone knows how difficult a thing is a two-o'clock in-the-morning courage, and how hard it is to feel kind and self-sacrificing when one is half-asleep. Sleepiness or extreme weariness makes one to certain extent callous and indifferent, and insensible to the fate of others. "Well, the boy who is growing up and ; down and across, all at once, and with a speed which takes one's breath away, is physically as much oppressed as the man who is wearv from over work or loss of sleep. The stress of growth, to a certain extent, puts the moral nature under a sort of chloro \- spectator." 