; '-r - gBtEliLANBOOS. QUEER 8TORY. DELI AH UP TO DATE faoUlkm mte,' safd'Mm'. Hunlingd'ou, rais ing her eyes to her neighbour's face. Auey were very preiiy eyee, large ana soft.'and elear and bluo, and the neighbour aforesaid was greatly impressod by their eloquent gaze. ' He was a good young man of virtuous habits and spotless reputation, as bpfitted tha'Canservativo member for Ditch- vrpier, but he hod his small weakness for all that ''Ob!' come new,' be remonstrated, abstracting his attention from the intricaoice of the menu, 1 don't Bay that. I'm sure you 4 t understand the meaning of the word Etnftstinei or you wouldn't apply it to your- self.' ' ' A Philistine,' said Mrs. Huntingdon, in a soft plaintiff voice that formed so charm ing an adjunct of her pretty eyes, ' to tho bqst ot my belief wae a person whose hand was' against every man, and every man'a hapd against him.' Just on. and that's Droof uesitive.' Returned her neighbour, waxing gallant odder the subtle magnetism of her emilr. ' Do you mean to tell me that your hand is qinst every man, and every man'a hand against you 1 What nonsense I If you were to. substitute the noun feminine for the noun mssealine I might be induced to beljeve you ; but, as for the other —now can yob, loqk me in the face and tell me that it's tfuef Mrs, Huntingdon looked him in the face, (tic) not affirm the truth of her state- mebb ' She only smiled again, and he siqiled too. a delightful sense of 6un-.fr. stole over him, and he Iooki-d, as, indeed, he felt, thoroughly satisfied not only with himself — lje was always that— but also with things in general— and be was not always that. The dinner left nothing to be desired, and it bad fallen to his lot to take in the prettiest yoman in the room. He was a politician, but be was also a man, uud he felt that life bras worth living. 'lib a political Philistine,' Mrs. Hunt ingdon explained presently — that is what 1 mean.' 'Eh,' said Mr. Beaumont, absently, while his mind hovered in the balance between two peculiarly seductive entrees. 'And yrhat may a politieal Philistine bet Note new phase of tbe New Woman, is it f 'Mrs. Huntingdon mode a little moiu. 'Don't talk about the New Woman, please,' she said. If yon do 1 shall turn my attention to my other neighbour.' ' 'Oil, don't I' Mr. Beaumont eried, hastily — ' don't do anything so desperate. I'll talk about whatever you like. New Women go pn your nerves, eli F 'Mrs. Huntingdon nodded. 'Yes, very much so. It isn't pleasant to blush for our sex, is it, and I do that every time the New Woman is mentioned. Let it he a forbidden subject.' ' Mr. Beauinont glanced admiringly at the Soft colour that Hushed tier transparent skin, and it ocourred to bim that she was pulling i rather a dangerous premium on his disregard ot her wishes ; but he refrained from expressing his opinion in words. ' 'I suppose,' he said, ' you call yourself a politieal Philiatine because you're a Radical, while your husband and all his family are Conservatives.' ' She flashed bim a swift glance, balf- laugh- Ing, half defiant. ' 'Yes, that a it — because I am the one black sheep in tha spotless family fold, isn't it a shocking sitnalion ? Oan you wonder that I feel like an outcast in tuy father-in- law's house T Why everyone else at the dinner-table to-night is a Tory of the deepest dye. All these women are Primrose Dames, and, of course, if we talked about politics, we should fall out hopelessly ; but we don't. We talk about less worthy things - dress and tho theatres, and ibe latest Bcandal, -<nd so on ; things that are interesting to us, but, of coulee, quite beneath the consideration of n man. "You, for instancy, nnvcr talk of suoh things, do you f ' She glanced at him ngain from under Iter long brown laahes — a demurely mischievous glanoe this time - and he laughed uneasily. He bad' a dim idea >hat perhaps shn might be making fun of him, and he hated to be made fun of. He did not consider himself a fitting subject for ridicule, and anyone who regarded him in such n light committed a very 'serious offence against his dignity and self-esteem. Ah — er - sometimes,' he answered stilly. For a moment Mrs. Huntingdon contem plated the elaborate table decorations in thoughtful silence. Then she turned to him again. ' By the by,' shn obierved; casually, 'my brother has made up his mind to contest the Dilchwater election with you this time — bu. I suppose you have heard 1 ' Yes,' said Mr. B-mumnnt, slowly. 'I heqrd this morning. I was— er— surprised.' ' Mrs. Huntingdon's eyes wandered back to the flowera. 'Yes, 1 dare nay. He has been .advised and pressed to do it, but of coursq it is only waste of time. He hasn't a eh shoe against you — not a ghost of a ohnnce. lie can't have.1 ' Well,' Mr. Beiiamont returned, in the I same slow way, ' of course I should n t have ventured tq spy such a, thing to y/iu, but as you have paid , it I suppose 1 may venture to agree .wllh. ytju. It .may lie good party < polioy toicont'est the eleutio'n — I don't say it isn't— but it is as y.ou say, waste of time. Modern ,Radisalism has taken no root at Dltohwatrr. .Nearly 'all the people are Tories' /horn and bred, nnd the local \- influence ''is tremendously strong. In my humble opinion the seat is — to use a common expression — no safe as a bouse.' '' He smiled confidently, end his tone and manner aroused in Mrs. Huntingdon a con suming desire to take him down a peg or two. .' ' You.mean,' she said thoughtfully, 'that peojplq ore driven to tbe poll like so many ah top, and vote as they are told to vote. Ypu mean they would vote blindly for the Ctonfieryative oandidate whoever lie might be, and under any ciroumotances whatever, if they wore told. I see.' ' Mr. Beaomont stiffened perceptibly. |: know,' he. said, 'that is how the ' jtfrftffl V? P»r7 tlwayi t»lki »b«ut onrs, but it ia aheer nonsense all tha same. Yon assume that onr voters have no free free will or independence, but I can assure you they hsve both.' 'Only they are nob allowed to exercise I them,' Mrs. Huntingdon suggested. 'Is that it r Mr. Beaumont reddened angrily. 1 That is not it at all/ he returned in his most pompous tone. They exercise their freewill and independence whenever they choose. Why shouldn't they f 4 Why, indeed 9 asked Mrs. Huntingdon, and when she looked up in his face with her moot persuasive smile, Don't be orosi/ the went on softly, 1 1 don't want to make you cross. Won't yon explain things to me a little 1 I am always open to conviction.' Hor eyes met his, and under their soft eloquent gaze his ill-humour melted away like snow in sunshine. 4 1 am not cross,' ho said, 4 and what I mean is the Ditchw&ter; people will vote for the Tory candidate almost to a man, so long as he is a good candidate and - er— populur. If the seat is ever lost the loss will be due to purely personal feelings and considerations. Do yon see what I mean f 'Oh, yes,' murmured Mrs. Huntingdon, now could i nelp seeing 1 You make things so delightfully clear and say so much in so little. What a wonderful gift it is.' Mr Beaumont smiled a gratified snaitc. 1 I'm always considered rather a good hand at explaining doubtful points,' he observed complacently. Of course you are popular,' said Mrs. Huntingdon, in a tone which implied a firm conviction that he could never, under any circumstances be anything else, He 8 tailed again. i— er— natter myaelt that Jl am..' 1 And equally, of course,' Mrs. Huntingdon went on, you are honoured, respected, and trusted by your consituents— and I know what that means. The Ditch water people are such a straight-laced lot, and I have always heard if anything were known against a man — even a slight thing— tbe result would be ' Fatal,' said Mr. Beaumont, supplying the required word. 1 Yes/ the Dituhwater people are very stern moralists, but that is no disadvantage in my cas, though it might be in souie ' Mrs. Huntingdon looked at him with a- curious expression. 4 1 thank thee, God, that I sm not as other men are/ she quoted mentally, and then she added aloud, 1 no,- indeed, an advantage, I should think. I wish — oh, dear, our hostess is making a move already, so we must finish our talk another time. Come and ree me on Wednesday at half-past five, if you have nothing better to do. 1 shall be at home and alone.' Mr. Beaumont dived under the table to the rescue of sundry miscellaneous articled, watched Mrs. Huntingdon's graceful figure disappear from view, and resumed his seat with a sigh. 'That is a nice little woman/ he refieoted, 4 an uncommonly nice little woman, and a sensible little woman, too. You can make her see reason. What a pity it is she is of the wrong way of thinking. I wonder if 1 could convert her. I have more than half a mind to try. # The Huntingdons had a charming house in the immediate neighbourhood of Grosvenor- square, aod there on the following Wednes day Mr. Beaumont duly presented himself, and spent a delightful hour in the daintily- decorated, subtly - scented drawing - room. Mrs. Huntingdon, arrayed in a tea-gown of manifold and complicated fascinations, left took his leave he did so with very great reluctance. He had been allowed to hold forth at will upon hia favourite subjects, and had been listened to with absorbed interest and open admiration— and what could man desire more ? 4 Uood-byo.' murmured his hostess, raising her eye to his. 1 3 > good of you to enlighten poor little ine about all these things, don't you know. You will come agiin, won't you —that is, if it is not too dreadfully boring for you.' 4 Very delighted, I am sure/ answered Mr. Benumont, pressing the soft little hand that lingered in his, and went out of the houso on excellent terniB with himself. After that lay ho found hi« way there very often— presumably with the object of further enlightening Mrs. Huntingdon on subjects of national importance. At all events, his object which engendered, as a nnturrtl result, long and frequent and for the moat part tete-a-tete chats in (he scented drawing-room aforesaid. Time wont on and tho election drew nearer and nearer. Shortly Jipfore the important event Mr. Beiumont journeyed down to Ditchwuter, and there addressed a repre sentative meeting. The meeting was very unanimous and enthusiastic. Mr. Beauinont was greeted with thunders of applause, and his wordB wero listened as if they worn the words of fate. The loading Conservative papers printed a flaming report next day. Mr. Beaumont's re- election was a foregone conclusion— of that there could be no faintest possible shadow of a doubt. Tbe sense of triumphs — past, present, nnd to come— still lingered with him, when next he made his nppearance at the Huntingdons, and imparted an nddi'd degree nf self-confi dence and satisfaction to his hearing. He felt a very big man, indeed, as he entered thr drawing-mom. 4 Mr. Beaumont/ announced the powdered footman, and- Mr. Beaumont advanced with the air of ouu who is quite sure of his welcome, Mrs. Huntingdon was sitting by one of the discreetly-curtained windows, half lost in tho luxurious depth of a largo chair. She held out her hand lisibsBly in silent greeting, and as Mr. Beaumont bent down to take it, he saw with dismay that her cheeks were wet with (ears. ' 'Such an awful thing has has happened/ she exclaimed, without any preliminaries. 4 Oh, Buch an awful thing/ The tears welled up afresh into her eyes, and Mr. Beaumont, feeling more oncom- fr r able than he had ever felt in his life, began to cost desperately about in his mind for a reason for her distress. What could have happened to upset her 1 ; 1 I'm very sorry/ he said sympathetically. 4 Can I help you in any way 9 If so, you havevon)y.to tell mo j but 1 can do nothing |n th» duik pou oowf' She flashed him a swift glance, then' turned her head away. 1 1 don't want you to do anything,' she sobbed. 'you've done too much already, it's— it's all through you/ Mrs, Beauruont looked blank, 'All through me 9 he rep at'd, in a per plexed tone. What is all through uie? Do stop crying and toll me what you mean. Why, how you are trembling/ So would you/ sobbod Mrs. Hunting don, 4 if you were aa frightened as 1 hui.' Then she uiade an effort to pull herself to gether, and began to wipo her eyes, with a firm apology for a haudkercbief. 4 It's Jack/ she exolaimed piteously, 4 he iB in a perfect fury. He says he'll divorce me, and horse whip you and shoot himself/ 4 £lt 9' said Mr. Beaumont, somewhat taken aback by this startling programme. 4 Why— why— why docs he say that 9 4 Why 1' echoed Mrs. Huntingdon. 'Oh, because he is my husband, and I am hia wife, and you are. Don't you sou 1 Oh, bow dense you men are 9' This lucid explanation had the effeot of still further eiubarassing Mr. Beaumont. 4 But— but — but,' — he stammered, 4 1 don't Bee/ 'Jack is so jealous,' sighed Mrs. Hun tingdon, 4 he's devoted to me, and be always makes mountains out of mole hills. He— got hold of that letter of yours— Heaven only knows how — and— then be questioned the Servants, and found out how often you came to the house. 1 told him you only came to talk about politics, but I couldn't convince him, aud so — and bo Mr, Beauinont turned a greenish grey. 4 That letter,' he gasped. 4 You told me you had burnt it.' 4 And so I thought I bad, returned Mrs. Huntingdon. 1 X could have sworn 1 had. X wish you had never written it.' 1 So do 1/ groaned Mr. Beaumont. Mrs. Huntingdon began to cry again. 4 Why did you wfite it / she asked. 1 Ob 1 X ilon't know/said Mr. Beaumont savagely ; because X was u fool I suppose. Why didn't you burn it 9' 4 Because I was a fool, too/ sobbed Mrs. Huntingdon, and a strained silence ensued. The letter in question was the only one that bud pussed between them, and there was no denying the fact that, though harm less enough if read from the writer's point of view, it was distinctly indiscreet. In the skilled hands of a clever and plausible counsel the wording might be turned and twisted into something very different from the original meaning, and as Mr Beaumont drew a mental picture of its possible effect upon a British jury, he shivered in his patent leather shoes. 4 Poor Mr. Beauuiont. The situation was to him a truly appalling one, for the spotless reputation which he had so fondly cherished was at Btuke. Ah, how he wished that he had never tried to satisfy Mrs. Huntingdon's thirst for knowledge of the dootrinea of Conservatism, But all the wishing iu the world could not undo the past. 4 Jack has such a temper/ Mrs. Hunting don wcut on, tearfully, 4 When he's fairly roused, he's like a %mudman, aud you may thluk yourself lucky that he isn't in the houso at the present moment. If he found you here with me, 1 don't know what would happen, but I think it would be murder/ Mr, Beaumont shivered again. Pluck could hardly be considered bia strong point, and Mrs. Huntingdon's words were not oal- oulated to have a re-assuring effect upon a nervous man. A vision of the Honourable Jack Huntingdon, un athletic giant, with 1 muicles of iron, rose before his uiintl's eye, uuu ii> was an extremely aiBqutctlttg vision. 1 What — what aiu 1 to do 1' he Btuiuuieri-d, 4 will you tell me what 1 can do, for I don't know 9' Mrs. Huntingdon put her handkerchief to her eyes. 'Leave the country ofcourso/she answered, with a fresh burst of crying, 4 it's tho only thing you can do.' 'Leave the — the - tbe country/ Mr. Beauinont ejaculated, stammering more than ever in his consternation. 4 flow can 11 Why the election comes off in less than a week. I couldn't get a substitute in the time.' Mrs. Huntingdon raised her head and looked at hiiu, her bluo eyes shining through a mist of tenrB. 4 What is a wretched election compared to the scandal of a divorce suit?' alia demanded 4 You might consider me u little, I think. Besides, if Jack gets hold of you hot ween now and then there won't be much left of you for the election, and, in any case, how could you go to tho poll with an notion for divorce pending ; und, if you did, what good would it bo V 4 None/ murmured Mr. Beuumont, slink ing his heud with doleful conviction ; 1 none at all. I should bu hooted at Ditch water; though, at the same time, your husb>nd couldn't possibly get a divorce. Why, how- could hoi The thing is absurd. 1 Mrs. Huntingdon's tears fell thicker and fuster. 4 Of course it is/ she said. 4 f know nil that, hut people swear such lies 'in divorce cases, and -and Oh ! think of the scandal and disgrace. It wonld bejuht a bad as if he did get it. Besides, l—l dun'i want him to thrash you within an inch of your life, and he vowed he would if he could iinJ you/ Mr. Benumont fidgeted uneasily, and gave a nervouy glance in thedireoii n of the iiooi. 4 ( — 1 thouggt I heard a atop on the stairs,' he said, and then ho went on, perhaps— per haps I had be-.tor go.' Mrs. Huntingdon clasped her hands on his nrin with an impuUivu gesture of entreaty. 4 Oh, yes, yes. If you do the storm may blow over. If you'll go abroad atonoaand keep out of the way for a time, so that Jauk doesn't see you or hear of you, 1 may be sible to peisuadn hiiu to give up the ides of t'tie divoroe and— and the horse whipping. But' if you stay on the spot, there's no chance for me or for you either. Ob, do go— do/ She looked up at him appealing)/, and he yielded to .the spell of her. pleading and the dictates of file own common sense, urged thereto by a second vision of the Honourable Jack Huntingdon wielding a heavy hunting crop with all the strength of hia mighty arm ' 4 All right/ he returned, 4 I'll put the best face I can on the matter, and cross the Channel to-night/. And be did i » r v x So it came to pass that the Radical candi date for Ditchwater bad a walk over, and many reasons of varying dvgrees of im probability were invented by the newspapers with a view to solviug the rayatery. But the only people 'in the know' wete the Radical candidate himself and the Radical candidate's bister. " You're a clever woman, Kitty/ said the formed, -when they bad dLcuHsed the whole matter from beginning to end, 4 us clever as they umke them, and 1'ui truly grateful to you. This will be the making of me, and I mean to go struight ahead now for the rest of my life ; so you needn't trouble that little head about tuo any more, I've got my chance— thauks'to' you and I'm not going to' be fool enough to throw it awav, you bet. But the way you worked it all— that's what gets ouer me. The way you made capital out of politics, aud a sentimental note, aud good old Jack, who doesn't know tne mean ing of the word jealousy, aud could not leirn it if he tried Kitty, you're a genius.' 