THECHOSTOFTHEOLDFORT^ Some eight years ago/ when5 my regi ment was quartered ,;in the MadraB Presidency; I.'made ;,orie ,of a,larga party, to visit the old fort of Ser^ngapatam; We wire)ra. lively ,, little society, and had arranged to , camp out ..and have a regular three days' picnic in the .lovely, gardens of Tippoo's summer palace,, just outside the fort gates. On the evening, .of the firBt day, I sauntered-out after dinner fora solitary. BiripkeY abandoning' ttie merry group tbiat had' gathered 'round our chief 'commlBsioner^s, pretty daughter, and re sisting all invitations to join in the chorus of the, plantation songs she was singing to her banjo. It was a lovely night ; the wbite tents glistened like silver in the moonlight, the air was full of the scent'.'Of the cork tree blossoms that strewed the garden paths, and as a background of sound to the songs and laughter of the 'camp came the rush ' of 'the1 swift waters of the Cawvery river as it hurried 'along Its rocky bed. ! I wandered slowly on, and found my self soon inside the fort. Unlike many ot the ancient strongholds of India,, Seringapatam has been left to crumble to ruin, without the help of the ruohless and Improving modern engineer. Occupied for some time after, the siege by a British garrison, and then abandoned as un healthy, it has remained as nearly as possible In the state in which it was' left ; the officers' bungalows', still standing, in fairly good repair ; the open space before1 them, which was once the parade ground ; the smooth, level pitch, where many a game of cricket, haa been lost and won— 'all looked as if the garrison must.be with in sleeping, and would awake at sunrise to the sound of the bugle. Prom the native bazaar that still exists within the walla dame the few ' siens of life in the place ; a aolitary lamp gleamed from the topmaBt pinnacle of a Hindoo temple that reared its cavern summit 'high above the flat-roofedr houses around, and at inter,, vals the pariah dogs barked defiance to their foes. in.ari adjacent village...* J' ., ^trolling idly along, I came,a;fc the baofc of one of the bungalows, upon a curiosity of the place j a Bingle archway built of brioks, put up, bo tradition Bays, by an enterprising engineer to demonstrate some theory of itB own, probably now as obso lete and old- fashioned as it was doubt less once considered new-fangled and daring. I sat down on the verandah steps of the bungalow ; the house, though so long deserted, was still In fair order, win dow-shutters, doors, all fastened and in tact. I had lighted another clear, and had let my fancy wander off to the designer of the arch, when, close behind me in the verandah, I heard a man's voice. It was a young voice, clear, son orous, and full of passionate feeling. ' Mary, you know why I am' here ; you know I leave this place to-morrow.' , .' I turnediquickly, and looked behind me. I was alone— absolutely alone ; the little verandah, lighted from end to end by! the moonbeams, was perfectly ' empty,. I was rising, in my utter surprise ;ahcl bewilderment, when the same voibet spoke again', and a something kept me powerless in aiy place. ' ' ' ,. , 'I've got my leave at laBt, and am off to jiladras' to-uiorfow, morning. I' can't j go 'alone, my darling. r, Your, huab and is! away, and we shall be at sea before his; return. Come with me to- morrow V A-. pause' as if for a reply, but none came, and the voice burst out again, more passionately :— 'Mary, answer me. You will corned After all our misery, there la a chance . of happiness for us both. Oome, and let us forget everything but that we love each other.' ''~ I Bat spell bound. The rvbice was as uear me arif the speak6r; were;; Bi'ttlrigat my Bide on the' steps, -and/yet so eartfeBtijSO heartfelt were the tone's,' 'tlJat I found ..my self mpre anxiouB to hear the reply' tit) such an appeal than concerned as; to' who -;her speaker might' be. ' After, a moment, the answer came. in a woman's^aoft voice, instinct with tenderrieBB.— '' Guy, you ;clo,: believe I love you ? ' 'No, 'it^w.ent on, quickly, 'hear, me to the end.f ; If j itube wrong to.; love you with all my heait and) above -.everything, I have sinned, and I cannot change. But to do as you- propose, to desert the man wko. trusts me so entirely, who loves me so dearly, how can I ? Toil must go alone' dear, to forget. ' ' : '' ?' 'You do(! not, you';- cannot care for Colonel ..Weat on ? 'he'bfoke'out. '?Heaven forgive me, Guy,\; you have all my heart ; but if I cannot give my husband the love .which, should, be ,his, .at lea'st I can guard tils name, his honour.' ' j There was a proud .ring in the words, i but the next moment her ,voice fell into a I tender sadness that brought the hot tears 'to my eyes-:— . ;: i 'Darling, it is (hard- for us both, but .believe me, I am thinking of you. I ca'u ; not take the gift 'bfjyour future which ? you ofEer so generously. You are young. I Such a life 'as ours would 'blast every ambition, every proBpect that now lies'be. ifore you. A woman's love cannot, should not, fill a man's/life, and sooner -or later iyou would' rapent. ' '' ' 'Repent/1 f Mary ? look at me; let ia6 see 'your eyes; do you riot believe me, do you. not trust me? You sbeak of ambition, of miv f nture. What will it be' without you ;?!,You cau. iimaginemylife what you choose. Come with me, dear : have courage.' ' , The answer came very low but ficm .: — 'I could not aend you away if I loved, you. leas. I dare not wreck your life. Don't tempt me— don't tempt me!' ' You will not come?'^ It1 was said hoaraely,almost roaghly, and in a whisper came the word: — ?'????? ' 'Guy; I cannot.' 'Cannot? That is what your love^ is worth; strong enough to twinef about a man's heart, to steal away his' honour, to wrecklila' happlnesa, but not to give up,, one lota of your own mirerable prejudicear not to face the. world. Love j You don't know what it means ; and I,fool that I am, have, wasted my whole, heart on you;: have—:.' But the strong man's i voice ceased with a great sob, there was a; moment's silence, .and then rapid footsteps passed by me, the clang of spurs rang out on the stone steDs: and died awav on the grass in front of the house, and from the moonlit verandah came the sound of a woman weeping — weeping as thoBe that have no hope, aa only broken hearts weep. : At. last the long-drawn sobs grew., quieter,'?, and presently light footstepa' beganpMng up and down, the soft sound,, of trailing skirts swept over the flags, and between the quivering sigh came at inter vals half- broken words: 'Oh, my love! my love! To leave me in anger. How shall I bear my life without you ? To and fro went the steps ac the piteous tones rose and fell in the still night, and I listened to every moan, to every long drawn sob, as a man bound hand and foot may see a fellow- creature tortured and, be utterly powerless. Suddenly all sound ceased, and I became conscious of a silence that at first seemed more terri ble, unnatural, than all that I had heard that nighfc ; my heart beat high, and with a cry of ' Mary' on my lips, I sprang up and ruahed at the closed door of the bungalow. It gave way aa I puBhed it, and I entered the room beyond, letting in a broad ray of moonlight. It was empty. The rolling shutter hung at the window ; trirough. the. broken roof patches of light fell on the grey cemented, floor, a great veil of cobwebs 'hung' from the black rafters, and as I stepped forward; a, bat 'flew past me into the night, brushing its epft wings against my face. I came, to myself in a 8hiver.ii What did I expect to find ; what could thia deserted room telljme of the secrets of the past? 1 mentally pulled myself together, and leav ing the broken door open, I turned resolutely and quitted the place.-; A quarter of an hour later I was just in the camp parrying as best I could? , the jesting!iquestibns' and 'chaff of my ? com panions, and thankful to plead1 a' bad headache' and eabape to bed. ' ? I was -still i brooding over' my adventure next day, and racking my brain In the futile' endeavour to find sbme explanation cjf it when the whole of .our^party decided on a visit to the old cemetery' near the fort, where, He the ashes of many who f ought' under Colonel 'Wellealey.- ,;What instinct guided me I cannot explain, but while the rest o'frJthe' nierry explorera scattered about examining the; old tomb stories arid laughing at the poetic epitaphs I found my way alone to a far corner t of of the graveyard^' arid there on a 'plain stone read the words,, 'In lov ing u memory of Mary, wife of Colone,l WeBton, who died' at ' Serlrigapatam' of fever, 19fch of June, 1810, aged 22',.— Whitehall ~JRevieio.r ' 