[?] coi'yiuout. NARRATIVES op tu1s ' ' BUSHMHGIKG_TIMES sr CAPTAIN LACIE. THE MACQUARIE !GA!N& « PART XV.' Dressed in, the dead , man's clothes, and as like him" as possible, 'Brady' had- little doubt that he. would not draw much, suspicion. I-Ie arranged that if he succeeded lie would' send word or hrinn it himself. Thcv were to stop at the house as' long; as they could; but if anything occurred to drive them away he appointed. as, a . rendezvous ,a certain,. glen " in the mountains some three miles distant. He had scarcely disappeared in . the forest which sur rounded the house when- two men rose from behind a log close to which he passed .and stared at him. , They were "_in convict dress, and. a glance was suf ficient to shovy that they did not -belong to the free section i o/ the; people. Their stealthy and covert, i actions, and the evident pains they took to conceal them selves, showed- that ; they feared' detec: tioni' The- two strange-looking : men stared as though 'it was a ghost and not a being of flesh and blood that had gone by and disappeared in- the thicket to the left of them. , ' " It carn't be lie,' Bill?" one of .the men 'spoke. in a aive- stricken voice. The man.addressed only gazed -after Brady intently, and returned no answer. At last he said — " I got a regular 'scnr: ing, All; but, now I think of it, Riddy. wasn't hear as tall as that fellow. ; It's some bolter has got into. the house and taken the clothes off." The two men who thus spoke were' no others than the assigned servants whorhad so treacherously murdered Reddish and his wife a couple of days 'previously.- They had left the house with the intention of going to Low Heads and trying to get off the main land in : one of the smugglers' boats that plied in the Straits. Finding that the convict garb was against the plan they Iiad formed they decided to return to the homestead, where they knew there was a suit or. two of clothes which would disguise them sufficiently for their "pur pose. They arrived back at the nioment'thal Brady was leaving for George Town, and, haunted with the, vision of the foully murdered man, they at first thought the outlaw chief was Reddish himself. . " That's wot it is, Alf. One of them ' chaps has been around and taken the clothes .we' want),' Hadn't , we better foller arid "pot" him ?" .. ... " No. Let's go to the hu'. and see if. anything is left. -We might pick 1 up something that would help us. Any way, we'll have to get some' meat, for I'm nearly starving." '" ' They were both, in the latter condi tion, .if pne.could judge by the wolfish look in their, eyes, and, without further words, they- both turned towards the clearing. They had just made half-a- dozen steps when they stopped simul taneously as though a second ghost had risen in their way — arid indeed they had reason to do so. Just emerging from the house were three men carry ing an object which the watchers knew but too well. It was the outlaws taking the body of Reddish to the shallow' grave which they had dug some twenty yards'from the house. At first the con victs took the party, who thus per formed the last office for the dead,' to be neighboring settlers, or men sent front the 'station to do the work ; but a few moment's reflection caused a dif- ferent .theory' to form in their minds. There. wgrejnone of, the visible mani festations of constituted authority, and if it were; ot)ly settlers who were, thus actingahey .would be. doing an unlawful act. Besides,, neither of them could recognise' any of those they saw. as neighbor's, and they-knew the surround ing settlers well. The old man had been carried out by two of The outlaws, and when 'the' third' man made his a'p- pearaBce" he- did much to" solve the' doubts arid surmises in the minds of the crouching conv.icts. He still wore convict-dress, and the sight of the de- tested'garb suggested the solution.' A party of bushrangers had come to .the house, and, finding what had' occurred, determined. to turn it to some account. It could easily be seen -.that the old couple had been murdered by the con vict servants, hcnce. why . should the Iatter. run away ? One bf th'em for a reason, , which the, men could not fathom had put Reddish's clothes o'n, and was": making -in 'the! direction" of i 'George Town'/;" jWhat"' th'e: 1 motive 'was !-'('ison- cerne'., tlremj'but.'jlittieVas'; .house', was the object Which ' tliieir minds, were, fixed oh; 'They: were forestalled- in. its occupancy, arid they 'mentally blamed their stupidity irimot' taking;'what .they wanted, .io,,. the., first.,, instance. , For a, few minutes, ,tbcjf,'s'ilentfjr.j regarded the. burying operations and saw the body of Mrs. Reddish'carried 'out ; and thrown into the', hole,,.. It was'':Bi!,r,wjio 'first spokej.nnd'.'a smile. of devilish cunning lighted up his evil face as he said to. his companion: " I don't see as'-Iioiv- we' can't turn this to account,' Alf. Let us 'to the station and tell ' the ' commaridarit - as' how the house was attacked by bolters and w''eIgbtrcleaf>a\vray..butitKe;61d 'uris? were collared. .That .might: get us. .out of the mess." . The convict's companipp/ (.at once saw the wisdom oFthe1 scheme! ' ' Both of therit"were- in:a- tightTix; andlt would- be playing a trump card' if they could shift the blame ofjtheihidebusimifiders on to others', bgcks,i:.,T,he TBQr.e, they, regarded. the videat the better it seemed,, and as it would! be nedesshry to take immediate/.aotion.they! resolvedi.to) at once start for Launceston and make a statement to the authorities. Without further loss of time they turned in the direction of the settlement and reached the outskirts ot the town shortly after noon, T-Iere they „wcre„stopped .by., a con stable, and they asked to be brought to the civil commandant as they, had most important news. Brought before that .official. they, narrated. in graphic fashion how the' house of Reddish had been at tacked the evening previous by several armed men. They had been taken by surprise and coiild offer no' effectual' re sistance, and Reddish" and his .wife "were both in 'the' bed tip'slairs at the time.-' What become of them they did not know, but it1 was fn'ore than pro bable they- fared ill nt the- hands- of'' the assailants. 'Tliey had -concealed them-' iselves near- the house during llie night and saw one of the - bushrangers leave the homestead dressed in the -old settler's clothes, and when they left the place there were still three men at it. - 1 Colonel- Balfour was at once com- 1 municated willi, and when he Itad heard j the story he resolved to send a party of soldiers- to the place.1 It. was likely i enough, the assailants would not be there"; but whether or. not it would be necessary to send a force to the farm. Taking six reliable men, he -set out about four o'clock in the afternoon and calculated on reaching the place before i .nightfall. He-knew -the locality well, and evemat night he would have had little difficulty in- reaching -it: ; One of The convicts' — lie' called him. Bill— ac companied the expedition, and, as cal culated, they came -near the lonely house about sunset. ' - ' - : . I .-Vs it was possible the outlaws might be in the vicinity caution was neces sary,' and, dividing his party into three,- the men- gpproached the : house from j different- directions. They could 'see smoke rising front the turf-built chim ney, and that showed that either. Red dish and his wife were in -the. house, or t.h'e attackers had: not ; yet gone 'away. The latter seemed scarcely probable as the men, whoever they might be, must know of the convicts' escape and the fact that they would give an alarm. After waiting foi ,a few, minutes on the fringe of the bush, it was seen that the outlaws had not gone away, and Balfour decided to wait until dusk and then rush the hut. From tlie mamicr those in the hut acted, they did not npp&ar; to expect at tack, and this, somewhat puzzled the colonel. ;As: soon as the gathering darkness made objects indistinct the word was given to the soldiers to creep up to the house and at the signal rush -in. Balfour himself, who never shirked 'danger, led the way to the back without lire slightest sign that those inside were aware of the near approach, of enemies. When. the. whole of the party had got that far Balfour moved round to the door and simultaneously the men burst in at the door and at the aperture that Itad been made by Brady , to effect an entrance. There were three men inside, wiio, were taken completely off their guard, and; 'in an instant they were over powered and, secured.' . . Balfonrat once recognised one of the .captured then as identical with an as- sailant at Barllett's, and he was ex- treTnely pleased to find that they had thus luckily captured three more of the notorious Brady gang. The chief of them was still at large, and he Seemed to have extraordinary I tie!; in thus es caping the authorities. The captured men. maintained a sullen demeanour and would give the colonel no informa tion as to the whereabouts of Brady. Balfour, who was now getting an ex pert: in the business of hunting down bushrangers, decided tiiat he would re main! .in the house for three or four days in the hope that Brady might re turn! It was an off chance, but it was necessary that lie should take the pre caution in case of tiie man's return. He would send the, captured bush rangers back to Launceston in the morning and remain behind with two mjetti Four would be sufficient escort for (he- prisoners, and a couple of sojdiers could be sent back to the house with food for the colonel. This pro gramme was faithfully carried out with what result' the reader will shortly see. We tiiust now return to Brady. He found little difficulty in making George Town, for the day was - a fine one and The country." favorable' for travelling; The settlement was a'small one,' arid at the time, as now, of little importance. It had: been a. military 'station of con siderable -strength iin the first instance, but Launceston. had taken the lead-as- the principal- settlement: -in- the north some years: previously.-; -The father atykward navigation of the Tamnr -River caused,; many, vessels , to still go' no further than George Town, and for that reason/it had, been selected by the leader of the bushrangers. !- AtLow Heads,. where, the Tarn sr. en tered the ocean, there >was; n signal- station; .ryjiich,,; sent'!.. intelligence Tp '"George' To.wn', (and, itn.w,-is ..transmitted jby'similaVnrea.ns to Laupceston,., There pyerej several) lot?, public-houses al. thfi, settlement, "small is it was, .and, to one: Of th'ese Brady went. ..His appearance created' no surprise,, and he entered The place as' though ,he were', an . ordinary '.cuslomer.'There, were several, men .about, tlie place, .audi the experienced eyes bf tHe outlaw.at once 'formed an opinion, its to wlip, arid ,)vhat they were. ./.At- that ...time , there, were a peculiar jClassiinyanTJieiiian's Landpvho were half-pirate! and half-bushranger. . They wereHplerated, by t)|e government, for at times, Jliey, were very: useful to .the authorities.;; jiBt it was simply winking at crime To act as,, fhe . authorities, did; (These .'individuals,, , wpre ..calied straits-. men,;at)d, as-n rule, gachltalf-dozen— or somejjnies; ' I'ess-ppssess.ccl .a, Boat. Wliejt n' wreclc occurred they w.en.t'put and seized all the booty they _coiiJ.d lay their j hands on, an3 if tfiat sort of busi ness )was,,d(t|!, tjiey-uPpt-, unfrgquently levied a sbr'Fbf.bjackiBail,pi\ the.coast- -ing craft'of tfie n'ortji..., . , - : t l,;n: \- - There jwgre a coupje of .these, fellows: in the, '.tapwbpijj tyhicj), .Brady, entered,, and lie soon made "their acquaintance., He h'ad money enough to malte him self agreeable, and he spent it in good effect. Gradually he wormed out of them, without exciting undue suspicion, a considerable amount of information, It was seld9in known that a " straits- man" betrayed the escaped convicts. They ' invariably sided with them when they had to take sides, and on this oc casion Brady made such progress into the good graces of his new-found friend? that he determined on the bold and' risky step of confiding in them. -He- was an extraordinarily keen,, reader, ol character, and he was not mistaken iti his judgment of the two men: whom he had thus fallen in with; He was not aware at the: time that the reward fot his capture, dead or alive, had been in,- creased to Taoo or he might-. not -have had the courage to tell the men who he - was. It was a risky , thing, indeed, to do; but he resolved to stake his all on it, and, taking his companions into an other room, lie soon revealed his iden tity. He had judged his men rightly, for the fellows so far from evincing a desire to betray him at once entered into his scheme. They , were quite ready to join in tlie proposal that Brady ninde and could get three others of their sort to assist. The whole of them were good sea men, and with the help of Brady and his 'tliree companions they would be I able to take a ship round the world if necessary. They were sick of the life they were leading, for Governor Arthur was beginning to put the screw on them . and the good old times were -passing away. Brady was of opinion that a dozen men would be required to navi gate a vessel such as they would be able to seize successfully; but his cont- panions told him that some of the crew of the vessel would be sure to throw in their let with them, and the chief trouble they would experience would be in the direction . of keeping down the number that would wish to go with them. Brady fell that in taking the men into his secret he had been wise, for. they soon revealed information to him which was of the greatest importance. There was a whaling vessel of about 300 tons burthen then lying at Launceston, and she was expected down the river at any moment. She would remain a day or Two at George Town, and the straits- men were acquainted with the crew. The latter were a queer lot and ripe for any mischief, so that they would fall in with the piratical proposal which would be made to them. The only difficulty in the way was that of Brady's com panions who had been left at Reddish's farm. As it would be necessary to set sail as soon as the ship was seized, they must be left behind, unless something was done to obviate such a necessity. Brady was faithful to his followers, and, as he would not desert them, the straits- men agreed to find a secure hid ing-place if Brady would bring them close to lite station. They would meet him nt a place less than a mile from the barracks and during the night would smuggle the outlaws on to the small boat they kept on the river. It would be necessary to execute the plan at once. Brady was of the same mind as the two smugglers, and he decided to go back to his comrades at daylight the following morning. He could then get back about dark. 1-Ie did not doubt the faith of the straitsmen in the least, nor were they likely to prove treacher ous. In the morning he left George Town as quietly as he had entered it. With characteristic caution he was care ful in approaching the dead settler's house to- guard against surprise. He fancied that he saw a thin wreath of smoke rising from the chimney as he nenred tlie place, and that would indi cate the presence of his companions. He hesitated for a time before going to the hut, and then he approached it stealthily front the back. When he had gone a few yards on the clearing he turned back again for an omen seemed to tell him of coming disaster. He had arranged a signal with his late com rades to discharge a musket and this he . decided to do. For a few minutes no thing in the way of an answer was given until another shot was fired from the hut. This was the signal agreed on, aitd yet something misgave hint that, everything was not right. To makt- sure he decided to make a trial that would be very risky in itself, yet not sc liable to end in capture as if he walker to the house. Strolling out into the clearing, he sat down on a log about So yards from the house and kept a clost watch on the place. For nearly half an- hour lie thus sat, and he was now convinced that something was tvrong in the hut, 'He would still further. test the point by another ruse, and he then -made a show as if to, retreat. I-Ie had mot gone many yards' back towards the bush when three shots were fired from the hut at him and several mer, ran out of it after'liini. He had unmasked the le.nemy inla very unpleasant way, but he trusted to his (leetness of foot and en-, idurahce to get-away., .lie, had just reached the gdge of the cover when a fourth, shot was fired, and, the -ball passed through his right thigh:-' It did not touch the bone, but inflicted a very painful'wciund and affected one of the sinews, as he . soon found. , He could not. run nearly so fast as previously, and lie, saw at once that he : would have to' make a fight of it, ' His pursuers were gaining'groitnd, and, turning rpund, he , fired at'the foremost sojdier.. The sho: ityaoi resultless, and, throwing- away the trtusket,- Brady continued his flight. His wound - was' now beginning to tell 011 .him. He' was . fast losing his natural courage! which! seemed to legve hint with the oozingi blood.. He still had .tjvo pistols, and, turning fot the second time, he fired tit the approaching foes, and then as if a nervous fear had seized ih.im, he stood stock still and waited for his.puisuersito come up. As they sur rounded him he threw down his pistols and was quickly secured. The famous . jeader of'the .Brady gangpvas thus cap- (tired almost. without a struggle. In due .-time: the Trial of the outlaws patne off, andj'.'of 'course they were all sentenced ' tb death. The part which the, twp. jgpijvicjs'to'oif ,'in. the. muyder of the Reddishs' was also cleared up; but the authorities, in yiew of the way they had been instrumental in affecting the capture ,of jthe gang, ditj not execute but sent them to Norfolk Islan.tj,' p 40 (TWP END.) 