S«irs. Scraps from all Quarters. The ghost scare appear* to bo sprcad .; ing. At Alexandra some girls were startled at seeing a ghostly figure, which very soon vanished as they called . at a house just near, and out of which emerged a man with a gun and a large Newfound land. Report states that five tons of rabbits are sent away from Elmore every week. ■ Recently 11 guus secured 458 hares and rabbits at one battue. : ‘The ■"50-iiiihi bicycle" road' race; on Saturday was won by A. A. Middleton, ' winner of the last Austral Race. The '■ distance was covered in 8h. 23min.. the first half being against a strong wind. On Saturday the “ good old’’ Essendon had to strike their colors to the North Melbourne. A serious accident bappeued on Satur day. at the Caulfield Grand National . meeting. In the Amateur Challenge Cup, Mr. Proudfoot, who was riding Darnley, bumped the rails on entering the straight, and was shot out of the saddle. On being examined his leg was found to be very severely fractured, and it was found necessary to amputate the injured limb below the knee. A new industry for women. James Morton and his wife Sarah have been committed for trial on a charge of steal ing a safe from the Sulky Gully railway station. They blew it open with dyna mite, and appropriated the contents, worth about £20. No tenders sent in for the carriage of Yictoii.in produce to the heme markets. The funeral of the Eldorado miners thte longest and saddest ever sieen in. the district. A handsome gift. Mr. J. A. Wallace lias donated £100' towards the Eldorado ... relief fund. > Three men injured on Sunday morn ing by an explosion of coal gas on hoard the Prosperity, lying in. Rushcutters’ Bay. The ship had a narrow escape from burning. . The fire at Block 11 still raging. —-•Go.rUc-.iw, ooid -now being. used_to ex-. . tiuguish the flames. After many years ! Two diggers, some eight or nine years ago, at Wedder bnrn, were in the habit of keeping their gold in a small tin, which they buried in the ground. One day it was missing and no trace of it could be found. Since then one of the men has died, and last week the survivor, having occasion to remove au old forge, came across the tin with its contents untouched. The miner who was killed at Malrns bury last Thursday, named Josiah Northy, by being run over by a train, had not been in work for some time, and as he was not very well on the day he met with his death his daughter had tried to persuade him to stop at home. He would not do so. however, and being weak lie intended to go by the train—it seams for the first and iast time. The Eastern Question is still not to be allowed to rest. Affairs in Bulgaria seem likely to require straightening before very long, and probably Russia will sec to Uiem. The Warrnambool fire-raisers, Camp bell and Stainsby. have been committed for trial on four charges. Twelve other charges against the accused will be beard to-day. The rainfall has been very general, and was gladly welcomed in most of the districts northwards. 