THE CARBINAL AT GRANVILLE. ADDRESS ON THE ' RE-UNION*' AND, DflVOIIOft TO THE BLESSED. VIRGIN. R.EP.LY TOt THE PROTESTANT BISHOP, OT GOTJLBURN. On Sunday afternoon last the Cardinal- Archbishop, of Sydney visited Granville to bless th,e now cp.m^ plete Church of the Holy Trinity. Hjis Eminence was received by the Rev. J.ames M,ah,ony, priest in charge, and, 1;he o.ther clergy present at the blessing ceremony were, the Very Rev.. Dr. O'Haran, who accompanied, his, Eminence from Sydney ; Rev. T. Q'ReiUy (FJ?.* Parramatta), Rev. P. O'Reilly (Roakwoodj, Rev, B. Sheridan ( Waitematta), Rev. G. O'imvay (.Administrator St. Francis', Sydney), ana. icev. jc atner .rower ^ouDiaco;. me vjainouo laymen included the Hon. D. O'Connor, M.L.C., andjMr. E. O'Farrell. Among the Protestant visitors were Mr. Dowel O'Reilly, M.P. (Parramatta), and Dr. Harrison (Granville). The church was con siderably damaged during a thunderstorm some time ago, and in making the repairs almost a new structure was erected. The building has now addi tional accommodation for 250 people. THE CARDINAL'S ADDRESS. His Eminence said — Three months ago I delivered a lecture on the Reunion of Christendom, in which I endeavoured to show the manifold religious ad vantages that would accrue from, the return of the various heretical and schismatical communions to the one true Church. The Church of Christ cannot cease to be one. The Redeemer Himself is with her ' all days, even to the consummation of the world.' to guard her against every hostile assault. The Holy Ghost abides in the Church to impress the seal of heaven on her teaching, and to preserve un tainted and incorrupt her sacred deposit of divine truth. All heresies and schisms have gone forth from her one fold.. They have been tossed about by every wind of doctrine and are every day beguiled into the devious' paths of error by the craftiness and passions of deceitful men. Holy Church invites them to return to their father's house to regain once ; more the inheritance which they' sold for a mess, of pottage. Some 'hundreds of hostile critics have rushed into the ' arena to stir ud enmitv. against the Catholic Church, and in reply to my words of counsel liave hurled all sorts of anathema against me.' I do' not purpose to deal with' tlie many harsh things that have (be'en said,' but I may be permitted to take occasion ijroiri the very' attack's that have been made to place the teaching of tho Church in a clearer light. Most of those 'Protestant critics avow ijiie manifold advantages that would result from the combined strength of a united Christendom. They recojjni^e that the world is threatened to ''he sub merged, by a flood of infidelity, yet tHey are unwill ing to quit their own tiny canoe to find safety and salvation in the ark of Holy 'Church. ' There are in particular three features of Protes tantism which are prominently brought before us b'y ' this controversy. They are ' forced upon. us. wheresoever we' turn, in the Protestant pulpits or platforms or the. public press, p.nd, it rc,ay not be deyo.id of interest to m.a.ke some brief referonoo to t^eni,, In the first place, we see in, tho i^ngliqan Church during the past three centuries a bright and honoured roll of illustrious names of Archbishops and bishops, of clergy and laity, men noted and revered for their genius and learning, their zeal and integrity of life, who nevertheless have declared the position of Anglicanism to be untenable and have yearned to be restored to the communion of the Mother Church, and many of whom have not hesi tated to make the sacrifice of everything that the world holds most dear in order to seek a refuge in the one saving fold. What does this prove? I may be permitted to use an illustration from the every-day experience of life. Let us take the case of a banking institute or some other commer cial enterprise. Were we to see the directors of such an institution, men intimately cognisant of all the details of its administration, its resources, its prospects — were we to 3ee them, I say, withdrawing their capital from it and selling out their shares, and anxious, no matter what the loss, to sever all connection with it, would we not conclude that it was not a safe concern, and would it not be a case of reckless folly to choose it as an investment for some purpose that was dear to us ? It is precisely so in regard to the Anglican communion. No interests should be so dear to us as those in which our eter nal happiness is involved. When, then, we see the leading minds in the Anglican Church forsaking her communion, or declaring that her mission is human, not divine, that she does not hold the inheritance of heavenly faith, but is warring against divine truth, will we not say it is time to make provision to quit the foundering vessel and for safety to enter the ark in which alone we cannot surfer ship wreck ? The second feature of this controversy which forces itself upon our attention is the anxiety and readiness which all the various sects of Protestant ism avow to give and take, as they say — that is, to make some compromise in their respective tenets that they may become united among themselves, whilst at the same time they of one accord protest against union with Rome precisely because she will make no compromise. Rome invites all to return to her fold, but she will surrender no principle nor will she allow a single tittle of her doctrinal teaching to be set aside. This has been again and again re peated at the various Protestant conferences and congresses. I need cite only the words of Dr. Chalmers, Protestant Bishop of Goulburn, who, a few days ago, in a discourse in his Cathedral on the disunion of Christendom, made the avowal in the most express manner. 'All churches and denomi nations,' he says, 'would have to make conces sions, would have to surrender something they have long cherished. The Church of England would, have to give up her 6\\) . Articles, the liutherana their Augsburgh Confession, the Presbyterians their Westminister Confession, and so. on,' Now, is not this an admission that one and all of those various Protestant sects are not teachers of truth ? They have obliged their adherents hitherto to accept doc trinal tests which now are thrown aside, and they confess that they cannot even pretend, to teach truth except partially and with an admixture of error. I need no more than refer to the test of the genuine mother as presented in the Judgment of Solomon, the wisest of men. The Catholic Church alone possesses the unadulterated truth, the gold without dross and without alloy. Such is th.e heri tage she has received from her divine founder. The deposit of the Faith has been entrusted to her, and she will suffer every trial and. persecution and death itself sooner than surrender a particle of the price less treasure. How grand is this attitude of the Catholio Church thus arrayed in the panoply of Christian truth and triumphantly warding ofi every attack of, wicked or deluded men who seek to rob her, of her heritage of ! divine faith ! Her chijqren, ot eyerj race and. every I clime believe the same, fequths. and unite in th,e one I homage to G,od. The. truths, which 3,00 millions of ; devoted hearts! profess to-day are the. very same : which, \ver,e the comfor,t of our fathers during their ! pilgrimage, which- were handed down to them by tjheir ancestors* which their ancestors received from : the Apostlesj and the Apostles from Our Blessed L.ord. Her title-deeds date from the first feast of Pentecost. In an unbroken succession her pastors have handed down the inheritance which she then received. She has been assailed by every weapon that the powers of this world could wield against her, but she has not been overcome. The ac\\\t^es,t intellects have age after age been nsaijsha^led against her, yet have they been unable, 1;o djis.co,v,er a single error in her tsaching, or a particle of atlay in the pure gold of her doctyrin.es of divine faith. Every heretical sect that returns to her fold shall not forfeit a single truth which they may hitherto have held, and, shall only be obliged to lay aside the dross which pride and passion had superadded to such truths. And in exchange for such dross how rich and how varied is the array of all-perfect truth in ?whose inheritance they are invited to participatet A third prominent feature of this controversy is. that the various champions of Protestantism, in order to find something that they n\a,y; assail; in the Catholic Church, have felt themselves, ?'constrained to misrepresent her teaching, They, have fashioned to themselves phantoms of tfyeir own imagination, and have labelled th&m.; the- Catholic Church. Against these they have discharged their batteries, and when they have demolished them they would fain make ? people believe that the Catholic Church has been, overcome. We all know how serious a crime \fe, '$ to.bpar false witness against our neighbors;. And must it not be a heinous fault to calumniate the. Church of God r May I not add, how unreliable and misguid ing and deceptive, inust the Protestant tradition be that in its, hostility to' the Catholic Church &as; onjy : su,ch calumnies and phantom difficulties with, which, ? to' beguile its adherents ?. ? ' I purpose on another OQ,0as2on to. deal w.ith some I of those, misrepresentations, of Catholic, teaching in ! regard to the Sabred, Scripjtures and, the Church's ; unity. The solemn Feast; of the Blessed Virgin ' wl\iQh you are keeping tjo-da.^ invites me to, consider : ijhe envenomed calumnies with which they persis i tently assail the devotion of Catholics, to the Holy Mother of G.od, The,y. Bay that in honouring the Blessed Virgin, we., are'idolators, and they accuse us of paying divine homage to tlie BleBaed Vtir(gin. All the Protestant sects, no. matter how they suffer arapng. themselves^ may be said, to pjn their,, faith to this M'ariolatry of the Church, of Rome. Like Mesopotamia oi old Mariolatry has become a» word; to conjure by. It is only a few days ago that the Protestant Bishop of Gouljburn, Di\\. Chalmers, in the discourse to which I have e,lr.e&dy; referred, declared 'the Roman way-t ship oi the Blessed Virgin ' to be an insuperable barrier to tho reunion of Christendom, and ho took occasion to explain the doctrine of the Catholic Church to be that we 'constitute the Blessed, ^ irgm an object of supreme worship,' that we ' exalt her to the throne of tho everlasting God head,' in a word that we admit 'the deification of Mary.' Now, the Catholic Church has declared., a thousand, times that we hold no such doctrine and that it is contrary to holy faith to pay such divine honours to the Blessed Virgin. Wo honour ' her, indeed, as being exalted and privileged in a niOEt special way by God, but with our whole heart we proclaim that to God alone aupreme worship is due. There was a email occt in Africa in the fourth century, known as the Collyridians, who, as we are told by St. EpiphanhiB, 'proclaimed that the Blessed Virgin should be adored. The Catholic Church cut them off from her fold, and anathema tized their teaching, just as Luther and Henry VIII. were anathematized and condemned in later ages. Again, when the Council of Trent defined the sin lessness_ of the Blessed Virgin, it expressly added that this was a special privilege of sanctity con ferred on her by the Creator. In our own days, the doctrine of her Immaculate Conception was defined,, but in the very words of the definition it was declared that this immunity from original sin was a special grace and favour of the Most High granted to her through the merits of our Divine Redeemer. Hear how distinctly the Catholic doctrine on this head is set forth in the primary Catechism used throughout the whole Australian Church : ' We honour our Blessed Lady more than all tlie other saints, because she is the Mother of God, but we never give her divine or supreme honour which is due to God alone.' And again the teaching of the Church regarding the Immaculate Conception is set forth : ' The Blessed Virgin Mary, by a singular privilege of grace, bestowed on hdr through the merits of her Divine Son, was preserved free from, original sin, and this privilege is called her Immacu late Conception.' If we look back through the history of tho Church we will find that in every age the faithful have loved to link together the tributes of their piety and* devotion to the Blessed Virgin and the divine wor ship which they offered to our Blessed Lord. The Blessed Virgin in her inspired canticle proclaims that all generations shall salute her as Blessed and! thrice Blessed. It is not in the Catholic Church alone that this prophecy is fulfilled. The Catacombs of Rome lead us back to the Apostolic age. Moving along their winding corri dors and kneeling in the oratories once sanctified by the vigils of our first fathers in the faith, aW breathe the atmosphere of piety of the great mar tyra and confessors of Holy Church. We se& around us there on every side the first rudments ofi Christian art, and the frescoes and mosaics and re hevoes all attest that in the everyday life of those: early Christians, the honour and devotion to the= Blessed Virgin and the saints h^d the very same. place that it holds among ourselves. The most ancient liturgiea oUhe Eastern churches all bear witness to the s^me reverence and piety of the faithful in regards to the Blessed Virgin. Thus, for instance,, in the Litusgy of St.' James, she is styled, '.' our most holy, immaculate, and most glorious, lady, Mother of God and ever Virein Mary,' & in the Alexandrian Liturgy of St. Basil, she is : saluted as ' mos,t holy, most glorious, and immacu : late.' In th§ Liturgy of St. Mark, the Evangelist, the sam,e eulogy is repeated, and she is invoked as the 'most holy, and immaculate, and blessed Mother. ; of God, the ever Virgin Mary.'* : In the second century, St. Irentcus, the great t pillar cf the orthodox faith, salutes the Blessed Virgin as the second Eve, and he does not hesitate to declare that as Eve was a Mother of deatf. to the iwiwm race, so i\aary m the mysterious- wavs oir God's mercy has become a Mother of life to us' all. As far back as the fourth -jentuyy St. Gregory Naaianssen records an incident which assuredly would fit in very badly with the, Protestantism of the present day. There was, o. Christian woman, he says, who was persecuted. % a, certain pa^an usin-* every eilort to pervert -w by magical arts. On ho* pait she had recourse by prayer to the B leased. Virgin, and though, the powerful patronage exf the Mother of. 0,ur, Lord, obtained the grace oi being freed, fifonj. the persecution, and further she was con-' SAled. by the cowQision of the heathen wba. had per secuted, her. In, th? iUth century the Blessed Yivgin is salwted b,y tho Fathers as 'the Morning Star of the i'aith, the Mother of Life, of beauty, of majesty, the bul wark of believers, the Church's diadem, the all undenled Mother of holiness.' St. Augustine invokes her in the sweet prayer ? ' Holy and Immaculate Virgin Mary, Mother of Our Saviour, dei^utointeroede ia my behalf before Hira whose tei\\\ple Thou haat deserved to be.' It is objected to, us as dointr injury to the majesty oi $od, thai; we pray to the Blessed Yirgin and ti- , \he saints, and invoke their patronage. But why : should wo not do so ? Here belcw m our pilgrim age of life do we not asayit each other by our prayers ? Are we not toU\ in. the Sacred Scripture that the prayers of tl.\e, j.u,st are heard before God, and are we not ag^n, and, again reminded that the prayers of the aa,ints are as a fragrant incense before the. t^ar of the Most High? Death does not sever %s bonds that 'unite the members of the Church. Far be froa^ us the cheerless and heartless ' creesl w,hich declares a perpetual divorce between the faithful a$ earth, and the just in heaven. The golden %k; of prayer unites us with the angels and saints,-=-and above all with the Queen of Angels and ? S.^mts^Ayho rejoice before God's throne and partake of the Redeemer's triumph in heaven. God alone is the give.y of all good gifts. He is the source of all blessings, the fountain, of all goodness. Whatever p.awer or happiness or glory the Blessed Virgin and the saints possess, whatever patronage t-iey may exercise in our behalf, all comes from God The mopn borrows her light from the sun. ~j£Ven so the comeliness and radience that adorns 'cne Blessed Virgin coro.es. fi;om the Redeemer, tb^ 'Sun of Jus tice,' the one mediator of redemption between God and mpn. Ihe faithful know t^{ Well by daily ex perience that it. is not in vain the Blessed Virgin £ says for us to her Divine Son and offers her loving petitions in our oehalf . Some of the ablest Protestant writers have not. tailed to recognize the sanctifying influence of this aovotion to the Biossed Virgin. Longfellow in his* Golden Legend pays it the following beautiful tribute : — '? This is indeed the blessed Mary'a land* Virgin and Mother of our dear Redeemer* All hearts ate touched and softened at her name-;; And if our faith had given us nothing more Than this example of all womjiDhood, So mild, so merciful, so strong1, so good, So patient, pn»o«fnl, loyal, loviug, pure, Thia wore erongli t- prove it higher and truer Than alltliij creed? .{Uo world.had known before/'' So also Edgar Poe invokes her intercession, and acknowledges the influence of her patronage in heaven : 11 At morn, at noon, at twilight dim, Maria ! thou haufc huiu'd my hymn. In joy and woo, in good and ill, Mother of God, bo with mo still. When tVio hours flow brightly by, And i ot a cloud ofcDonrod the sky, My aoui, lest it should truant bo, Thy gnwo did guido to thino and theo ; Now, when atorma of fate o'orcast Darkly my present and my paot, liat my futuro radiant aliine, With uwoot hopoii of thee n,nd thine.' There are many other things that I would wish to say on the subject did time permit, but I trust that I have said sufficient to place our Catholic devotion to the Blessed Yirgin in its proper light. I will add only one word regarding a theory which Dr. Chalmers in his Goulburn discourse has advanced in the matter of the Immaculate Con ception of the Blessed Virgin. He has said many absurd things, indeed ; but this is perhaps the most absurd of all. If she were exempt from original sin, he says, she would no longer be a child of Adam. But, may I ask, did St. John the Baptist cease to be a child of Adam when he was sanctified in his mother's womb ? Have we ourselves ceased to be of Adam's race, when we were cleansed from original sin in the regenerating waters of Baptism ? Above all, was not Our Saviour a true son of Adam, and yet impiety itself will not dare to cast the shadow of sin on His infinite sanctity. It was through the merits of this Divine Saviour and through reverence for His sanctity that no stain of original sin was allowed to sully the pure soul of His Virgin Mother, and it is precisely through the whole-hearted homage and adoration which we offer to Him that we feel constrained to honour with the fondest tributes of our piety and love the same most exalted and most privileged of creatures, whom holy Church shall never cease to salute as the ever Blessed Virgin Mary. The Hon. D. O'Connor, M.L.C., proposed a vote of thanks to the Cardinal, which was seconded by Mr. E. O'Farrell, and supported by Mr. 0'lleilly, M.P. The debt remaining on the building was £H0, of ?which £60 was collected after the Cardinal's speech. His Eminetice announced that he would deliver other speeches throughout the suburbs in reply to the criticisms on his ' Reunion of Christendom ' lecture. 