FEEDING THE PAST.' The Hard Work That Father Time Has ta Do. I -WA8 walking alone at midnight, shivery midnight, .when I met him.p I don't like'to meet strange beings at midnight. It raises goose pimples on my soul. But I make it a practice always to let on that I am not frightened, for in my long and varied'inter coarse with spooks and goblins and ghouls, I have found that when they cannot frigh- ten me they usually take fright themselves. There is, after all, a good deal of human nature about ghosts. He wore a long, white beard on his face and bore an old, sharp scythe on his shoulder. , That was about all he had on. There was something familiar about his appearance, too, but I have a poor memory forenames ' and forgot where I' have met folks. I could not classify him at first, > "Happy New Year," said I, by way.of showing-a friendly spirit and' testing his attitude. [latíame to you," said be.' J » i h'' He seemed to be well disposed. -, , " Haven 11 met'you somewhere before ?" I asked. 's[ ¡,i {¿^ } ft^j " Shouldn't wonder. I've been going up and down this earth for a good while.. Once a'year I come up around these parts and do business in a small way. Maybe youv'e seen me now 'and"then 'on New Year's cards.'!, ¿- lt , C " Ah," I exclaimed, " are you the old gentleman'that ¿picks up the last figure of the date line and goes hobbling off the with it 'while a little tot of a naked boy runs and puta a new one in its place ?" * "I'm that same old codger." ' ' " And your name ?" * ) "Time."1 .' " Sure enough, Eather Time. I ought to have known you at sight. I'm intimately acquainted witb several \ members of your family. I know Hi fust rate." "WhoP" ' ' _'__.' " Hi-Hi Old Time, you know." "Ah, yes." _ _ ' ' ¿\ Well, we chattéd~on pleasantly enough until I asked the old gentleman why he made it a point every year to , come around and carry off the figures so that we had to set up new ones and spoil'our'letter headB.until we became accustomed to, the change. "I admit," said be, " there is a good deal of nonsense about it. I presume , people would live as long and be as happy, if there were no Buch things as a change of years. I suppose you don't care a snap whether this IB 1889 or 1890, and to tell you the honest truth I am convinced it is a .very'foolish thing to shift about so much ; but I must carry out my contract, and I expect to( spring a new year on the world every now and then as long as I live." "What contract?" , i *' Why, my resolution." ' i ' s " Did you never hear of my resolution ? Well, then, I will tell you," and he leaned upon his scythe. t -> " You see, you people make New Year's resolutions, but t they don't amount» to any-' thing. Fou swear off drinking and then get as full as ticks before night. You break off smoking and begin again before .the week is out. You resolve to keep diaries, but you give up before January ÍB gone.' Now with me it is different. When I make a resolution I stick to it. A long, long time ago I made a resolution that I would keep the past chock full of minutes,' and hours, and days and years. And I have been tossing them in ever since. It keeps me pretty busy, and I don't mind confiding to Îou the fact that if I had it to do it over again wouldn't make such a resolution ; but there is no help for it now, and I have to go on forever, I suppose." , , ~, , Eather Time gave his scythe a swish, and gathering up a handful of minutes flung them into the past and resumed : " You have no idea how I have to hump to keep the post full. I no sooner drop ' a year, or a month, or a week into it than I discover that there is room for more." J " What becomes of all these years you feed to the past ?" I asked. < "That'8it; what becomes of them? If they did anybody the least good I shouldn't mind doing this work, but they don't ; they are a dead waste. True, they feed and sus- tain the past, but what is the use of doing that P If people knew enough to make use of the past and learn something from it there might be some excuse for maintaining it; but they don't, so all this work of mine is in vain." " Why don't you quit it? Why don't you let the past rip and turn your attention to making more present? That is what we need. People would think a good deal more of you if you would quit carrying awoy the present and dumping it into the past." " So they would, and I should like to accommodate them, but my pride keeps me' at this work." , " Pride ?" " Yes ; I am probably the only person on earth who has consistently and unfalteringly fulfilled his New Year's resolution, and I am proud of the distinction. But"-he lowered his voice and Bpoke earnestly to me -" if I had it to do again I should be very sure not to make a New Years resolution." Then he left me to reflect upon what I would better do in the way of resolutions on this first day of the brand new year. Detroit Free Press. 