Church of England Social. ADDRESSES OF WELCOME TO DR. RILEY. An exceptionally large and enthusiastic^ audience assembled in the Tempenwc» tlall oi| Tuesday evening last, when addresses of welcome to Dr. Riley, Anglican Bishop of Perth, were presented. The social of ifceelf was of the most enjoyablenature, and everyone present seemed t >- co-jperate in endeavouring to pro mot.» the general good feeling and harmony of the proceedings. The Church-Wardens, together with Dr. Riley ; Geo. Throssell, Esq., M.L.A. ; C. E. Dempster. Esq.,. M.L.C. % tbe Mayor, Thor. Crorkan^ Esq., and members of the Town Council, were seated on tbe stage, where the ceremony of presenting the two addresses took place, and the speeches incidental tothe occasion delivered. The Rev. E. S. Clairs officiated as chairman, and was. eminently successful in making thingsmerry and pleassnfc. A pianofoita duet by Mrs. Dempster and Miss Leeder opened the social, and wss immediately followed by a song by Mr. Harry Throssell, ' Death of Nelson.' Mr. Freese rendered " Mona " in a veryexcellent manner, and wss recalled^ A pianoforte duet by Miss NeHie and Miai Marion Demp'ter followed. THB RST. E. S. CLUBS said—Sty Lord Bishop—It is with no ordinary feelings*, erf pleasure, and I may say of honor, that I, as rector of this parish í as chairman of the vestry, and on behalf of the parishoners generally, present this address toyou. Since your arrival in-ihis colony t r > prreide over the grestf Church of the English speaking people'^ you have' mist with a hearty and cordial 'reception, and I can assure yon that wherever you may go you will never meet with a more kind- ( hearted and hospitable people than the people of No tham. The people of Northam recognise in yon ono who is to be their leader, ãnd f ean again assure you thst if yon lead they will follow— (Hear, hetr)—for during the past fonryears tinoe leaving my old county in England I hat* never met with a l appier or kindlier people than the people of Northam. I speak from experi«nce, and I am emboldened to aay this because it is true your Lordship. I sincerely trust that God In bis Providence wiH be pleased to give you health, strength, wisdom aud auderrttnding to carry on your work, and that you will meet with a hearty and oordial veoeplion wherever you may go ; and that when Umes of depression come and disappointments assail you—as they surely will—yoA wilt cast your eye on this address which I now present to you and rememher, my Ltrd, that these ó£ y n - pariih futr*, at le«at, are interceding for you with their prayers. (Loud applause). The sp^ak^r t*ien pr^seirte-l t.h<) address ío Hw L .r.ib'aip. TIib ad-lr^ss/ is beautifbl work of art, and was e±Wnted by Messrs. Lsslia and Grieve, of ISortham. It ia done im Yellaia, -&4d ib* ornaments are of pure Gothic in four ktehei, surmounted by aGvthic Gr< a ; the left hand corner baring th» diocesan eafcutcheon in tz'ire blue grouud. with tb« Mishap's «scutcheon on the right in pale blu« ; the mitre crook and Cross keys being all in oil colors. It is illn- UHTjstfl with gold, red and black, with bine silk border, and framed in English oak. To TAB BIGHT RKVEREXD CHARLES OWKN Leaves RILKY, D.D., IORD BISHOP or PtBTH. RIGHT REVEREND FATHER IS GOD,— We the Vastry of the Parish in Xortham, being the representatives of the Parishioners, take this opportunity, on the occasion of year Episcopal Visitation to our town and pariah, to offlít you a most cordial .welcome. We a'so desire to tender you our heartiest oongraf u'.ations on your ele\\-ation to the See over which it has pleased the Holy Gb'-st *o appoint you Overseer in the C^hurch of God. We trust that your administration will j ove in «very way a great blessing to the wftole Diocese, and that your fatherly counsel and guidance will be helpful to us all, in the prayers and achievements of Chribt's Religion which is the highest foundation »f cmlisaiion, the purest morality, and the Divine means and method to the good and true happiness of mankind. We pray the Great Shepherd and the Head of the Church to enrich you with every gift and endow you with every grace through His mediatorial office, that iu the \- power of the Holy Ghost you will make full proof of the Ministry as a true and faithful pastor to all the flock of the Lord Jesus Christ.. ... Assuring you of our loyalty, sympathy, and cu-operation, Believe ns yanre in the Faith of Christ, E. S. Claire, Rector, G. Throssell, Esq., .M.L.A., C. iL Dempster, M.L.C., George •Smith, Fred. Morrell. Jnnr., F. Morrell, Senr., James Morre'l. J. Martin Wilkinson, Sent., H. Bartlert Day, and David Morrell. DR. BILXY in reply said—Mr. Chairman, ladira and gemlemen—Any of yon •who understand the difficulty of the position in which I am placed will feel with me. I ought fc» be ar»d a-n grateful to yon for jtmr address of sympathy and kindly ftding, because as you understand when coming out from the old country to a new part, of the world every thins weox «o,«frange, and to be received by •nch a larae number of people like this it .slfiDBt looks. like home ajjain., Everything looks so homelike that I should imagine I was in theold country- When yoa remember the dfficu'.tiss or the work I hare toondei take ; bow I tun expected to be here, there andevery where ft one and the same lime ; yon will not take it as disconitesy on my psrt for m-t being liere before this. £-was. asked to call here in May, otherwise I would have been hera before. I am expected to b« wise in «oqnsel: settle disputes and difficn Ifciesif tfcevarise, and as I said this afternoon to be a terror to evildoers and the approver of those who do g<K»d. I am expet ted to preach perptt<ially, and J WKE going to any feaat almost perpetually. (Laugl (ret )» So yon will understand that it requires a man of no common mind, body and soul, to accomplish this wort. So far I have been more heartily gtw t«d , and cordially welcomed. On Saturday I was received at the railway station in the ; most'loyal Vnanner ; I have been feasted ] here, and t have been addressing people i here and in the Church and in the country. [ am delighted to meet yoa at a social gathering, as I am one of those 10 believe that the Chnrch is not doing all its work by merely holding weekly services on a Sunday. .Christianity should go into every department of life. We choold encourage «octal ^j^therings, especially socialv*tSefings**>f tbis kind, because if yon train-boys and girls to enjoy life properly yon will have done a great d®al towards making those lives pan. Ton c*ke «way the temptation of falling into sin, and therefore you conld not certainly be doing a bf iter work than by forfermç social entertainments, and thus raVng the t»ne of the life of those wh->ni we love.- (ipplatiBf). Boys and girls should he taught by p».ren's how to be sociable and' how to ' condnct themselves in socirtv, and a large number of parents make a great mistake by t ot p oviding healthy am u seine r.t for b>>; s and girls it humf*. -They «ill have amnsemei t of some kind, and if it is not £<»o*d they «ill have something of the other aott. We oughtt* try and rai-e by social entertainments our people up to * higher level. You have plenty of talent in yonr midst; that has already been txemj lified this evening, and we shall have more of it by-and- by. We should draw out our talet t for the benefit of the mu'ttiude. Don't hide your talents under a bushel, but utilise them tor the ben< tit of the community iu which yon live. It is the duty of the Church and its members to take the lead and put forward every effort to train men and teach them to be useful members of aocic ty, and Í hope that the yonng men unrf yonng women of Nurtham will learn social pra« ti- e<: wilt learn how t} behave themBelvesin soci'tv^ will learu how to make life better and h*[-pier, and will learn to become true chrisiA men and $rue christian women, and worthy mem brra of the Ohnrch to which they belong' /L'.ad applause). THE RBT. E. S. CLUES—Hia Lordship in his address desir«»d to know if the address presented to him was a local production. I can tell Bis Lird'hip that it is a local product ; it is the work of Messrs. Lesta aud Grieve, of Northam. C. E. Demp-ter, Eeq , proposed a vo'e of thanks £n Messrs. Leslie* and tlrie>« for their kindness in wot king ot.t 'tie beautifully illumjniWl addresc. Seconded by Mr. O. H. Surt'i, and carried by acclamation. -ills Woesmip the MAYOR, in a few well-chosen words, here preoeuted His Lordship with an illuminattd addrers as coming from the citizens of Nort ham generally. The address read as follows -.— To THE RIGHT REVEUEKD CHARLRS OWEX LEAVER RILET, D.D., BISHOP cr PF.BTH. RIGHT RSVIEEND SIK.— We the Mayer, Councillors, and Residents of Nurthaw, desire to tender you i>u this the first occasion of your visitiug our town, our heartiest congra'.niiitionR on your elevation to the high and important position of Biebup of the Metropolitan City of Western Australia, In extending you a cordial welcome to the town of Northam, you may feel assured it is no mere formal greeting but one in which all classes of our community join m< sc heartily, and we hope that the work which you will be called upon to do iu this exalted sp}«re will 1 e blessed and encouraged by the smile of Heaven and the approval of your fellow colonists. fcigosd on behalf of the Mayor a: d Councillors of Northam. THOS. CRORKAX Mayor, I I I J. LLOYD, Town Clerk. DB. RILEY in mply mil)—The lint meeting I attended at home was presided over by the Major of my native town, and it i{ivaa me very great i>1^nr« indeed to auci pt this beautiful address from the Mayor and cit>a*n« *-t Northam. I tak it that thn Mayor wishes that I in my office as the Bishop of the Anglican Church will use all myitifluence aid strive to make men goo) and houest citizaia Wherever I go it will always be my dntv—and 1 shall always try and remember that it is my duty—to endeavour to persuade all our people to do their duty to the town in which they live. (Hear, h-»f»r). We know well there are a large n 'mber of m<>n who think they have nothing fmther to do than to enjoy all the benefits accruing from a civil'sed community and uever lifting a hand to improve the town in which they reside. There are a class of men who think thej have done their duty when they have paid their tvtea. Every man owes a persona! duty to a town. We ought to try and make that place happy and prosperous aa possible and I shall always try and exerr my influence to persuade those whom I c«n to become useful and good citiz j OR ; and if I can do that—and this address will be a further inoentiveand encourage ment to my doing it—the work that has been done this evening will not have been done in vain. (Hear, bear). Sir, in conclusion, I thank yon for the kindly wordB yon have need towards me, aud the fact that you do not belong to my own communion does additional "honor to me and affords me greater pleasure, and I also lake it. sir, that it is an expri stion of opinion from you that yon want us all to live in brotherly union and ooncord. (Loud applause). Mrs. Dempster, Mr. Morrell and Master Moirell here treated the company to aeveral excellent pieces of music, aud were loudly applauded. MIHS Daisy Throssell was a distinct success in the recitation (Tennyson's Queen of the May) a >e delivered. Miss Cottrell followed with a pianoforte aelo, and Mr. Harvey with the song " A Soldier and a Man." The nsnal votes of thanks brousht ths proceedings to a close, and as the Rev. IS. S. CIsire remarked, the day would be marked as a "red letter" one for many. 