TOWN TALK. Mr Taverner has given notice to move —That he have leave to bring in a bill to indemnify the councillors of various municipalities for borrowing moneys by overdrafts on bankers for the purposes of their municipalities contrary to the pro visions of the Local Government Act 1890, and for other purposes. Our Melbourne correspondent writes - " A deputation from the South Barwou shire council, introduced by Mr Levien, MIL. A., waited on the Minister of Public Works to-day (Wednesday) with a request for Government assistance iu maintaining and repairing the B irwon bridge. They stated that the traffic over this bridge comprised that of a large portion of the whole Western District. Mr Taverner said that he had always opposed and always would oppose Government aid for repairing or maintenance of roads and bridges. If it had been the erection of a new structure he might, perhaps, have considered the matter. As it was he must refuse the request. Most violent weather prevailed during the greater part of yesterday, a fierce south-easterly gale of wind suddenly taking the place of the westerly winds which have held the sway for the past thre.e weeks. The gale sprang up early in the morning and continued until a little after 1 o'clock iu the afternoon, and it was accompanied by lunch thunder and torrents of rain. At times the rain showers were particularly heavy, the most penetrating one taking place be tween 10 a.m. and 11 a.m., wben the downpour flooded the street channels in every direction in the towu and washing away the blinding from the road metal. The storm waters also carried away the small stacks of mud and debris which had been carefully swept iuto little heaps by the street scavengers on Tuesday after noon aud left along the sides of the streets pending the convenience of the men who take round the corporation dust carts at stated periods. Some note of this should be taken by the Public Works committee of the Town Council, for of late similar results have followed the efforts of the scavengers, aud che effect of the convey ance of the sand, etc., to the bay. will shortly be observed in the silting up of the beach foreshore. During the vera- severe raiii storms experienced iu the town yesterday fore noon, one of exceptional violence shortly before 11 o'clock had a somewhat dis astrous effect upon the drains in John stone Park. The storm, wateis flowing down the Gheringhap-st'rcct channels towards the bay were for half an hour level with the footpaths, ami an immense body of water flowed into the culvert which communicates with the sewer draiu passing through Johnstone Park aud theuce to the bay between the iloora bool-street wharf and the railway pier. 1 The sewer draiu appears to havo been ) filled to its fullest carrying capacity by the storm waters from the westward part of the town and adjoining municipality, and the two great streams meeting m the park near the flagstaff caused a tremeudous hurst. The first part of the channel to give way was that portion of the main sewer nearest the corner of Malop and Gkeringhap streets, a second hurst taking place on the line of the connecting drain leading from Gherin„ hap-street. Through both openings the flood waters spouted to a great height, and in a few minutes the park for a distance of 60 vards was converted into a miniature lake", whilst the storm water spread over the main pathway und entered the fernery enclosure, near the town hall, the ornamental walks in which were under water to a depth of fully sis inches. The drought has completely broken up at Werribee. Kuin commenced falling at midnight on Tuesday and continued until midday yesterday. Over an inch and a quarter fell. Xt is the most soaking ram that has fallen there for several months. The crops are saved. The rain just came in the nick of time. Another two or three weeks would have been too late. Fields that yesterday looked almost hopeless have already freshened up. Vegetation will now spring forward like magic. The harvest will be a bit later than usual, but with another downfall in a week or two a satisfactory yield of hay will be obtained. The Werribee butter factory opened on Monday last. Owing to the dry weather during the winter grass has been scarce and the supply of milk consequently small. The recent rain, however, will cause a rapid growth of grass, so that a largely increased supply of milk may be expected in a few weeks. The proprietor of the factory, Mr George Chiruside, is paying 3d per gallon for milk. Owing to the limited supply of milk the creamery at Little Eiver has been closed and the plant removed to Werribee Park, where a large number of cows are milked by Mr Ckirnside. The attention of investors is still bein attracted to Bokewood, where prospects in several of the claims continue excel lent. The splendid display at Ballarat of specimens taken taken from the holding of Stanbrookand party, next to theEoke wood Consols mine, was on Tuesday made the subject of commeut amongst mining men. The wash, which was taken out as the result of only two week's work, contained 62oz of gold, the nuggets varying in size from 2 to 15 dwts. Carr's Freehold has cleaned up two macbiues this week (Monday and Tuesday) for return of 2Soz of gold. Magistrates were punctual in taking their places at the Geeloug police court yesterday morning although they had to undergo personal inconvenience owing to the continuous and heavy downpour of rain. In the very first case called on, how ever, the complainants did not appear, and altbongh Mr "Why to, who represented them, asked for the case to he put at the bottom of the list the police magistrate distinctly refused to do so, stating that when the magistrates put themselves to the trouble of attending the court the least that they could expect was that litigants should he punctual. The case was adjourned for one week at Mr Whyte's request, and five minutes after wards one of the complainants entered the courthouse, hut the police magistrate refused to re-open the case, as he said that for all the court knew the defendant might have been present antl departed on learning of the adjournment of the case. Some alarm was caused towards the close of last week by a report sent by Constable "Wright, of Tendon, to the superintendent of police at Ballarat. The report of the constable stated that a few days ago Mr Kaiser, assistant station master of that place, had contracted, from a cow which he had milked daily,a disease which Dr Lougdeu, of Buninyong, be lieved to be anthrax. Sores broke out on the palm and hack of his hand, and ultimately the arm became affected. Mr Kyle, Government inspector of stock, was sent tor, and he went from Geelong on Monday, and after an examination pro nounced the beast to be suffering from cowpox only. He thought that had blood was primarily the cause of the out break on Mr Kaiser's hand. The convention at present being held in the Mechanics' Hall was continued yesterday, and notwithstanding the heavy fail of rain in the ; early morning and forenoon, the 7 o'clock prayer meet ing and the meeting at 10 o'clock were both largely attended. At the 3 o'clock gathering Dr M'Coll officiated as chair man, and addresses of a fervent and vigorous character were delivered by the Bevs. Mr Blackwell and Dr Porter, the former speaking upon " The- Pentecost," and the latter on the indwelling of the spirit, and the love and joy gained and enjoyed bv the possession of the Holy Spirit. The" hall was packed in every available part in the °Tening long before the commencement of the services, and numbers of persons were unable to gain admittance, con sequently an overflow meeting was held an. the Y.M.C.A. Hall, which was comfortably filled. In the Mechanics' Institute the proceedings were opened bv prayer by the Bev. Allan Webb, and the Bev. S. E. Cook, of Albert Park spoke of various ways of receiving the Holy Spirit into one's heart and after another prayer by the Bev' Macartney, of Caulfield, the Bev. D. O'Donnell delivered an address on " " - Pentecost," and described the feelings tue apostles on tho arrival of the B Ghost in their midst and drew compi sous of the characteristics of the apos as against the people of the present tii In response to an invitation as to th who were prepared to receive the H CS,\ri--anto tlle"' !lcarts to stand, ah 100 did so and remained to the a meeting. The meetings will he coutin to-day and this evening. A man named Edward Adams, \ gave his age as 69 years, and stated t he was a stranger in the town, ■ arrested yesterday evening by Consta Gardiner and lodged in the watchhoi in Moorabool-street, on a charge having stolen two pairs of hoofs property of Mr Michael Jones, sh keener, of Malop-strcet. The theft i committed on Tuesday forenoon, boots having been taken from a nail uj which they were exposed for sale at shop door. One pair of the stolen bo was recovered at the shop of Mr Brav deaier in secondhand goods in Merc street, where they were sold by a pen answering the description of tho man custody. A deputation representing the Kvne Technical School, introduced bv Buwson, asked the Minister of Ediicat yesterday afternoon not to withdraw I Government grant from the eu<rii driving and carpcntery classes at I school. The bliuisier thought that I deputation had a good case, and p mised consideration. Mr F. J. Sincock, a solicitor, was fie 10s, in default three days' imprisonmei at the Brunswick court "yesterday moi ing for neglecting to have his ch vaccinated. He refused to pay the fii und elected to go to prison. A concert and athletic entertainment to be given this evening in St. Fete Church, Chilwell. The programme to presented includes a very varied and i tractive list of vocal aud iustrumen items, recitations, dumbbell and Indi club exercises. This evening a varied cutertainme will be given in tho Temperance Hall, Little Malop-strcet, by the Geelo: Juvcnile Variety Troupe." It is in aid the widow and family of the late I Thos. Aines, who liuvo been left very ' poor circumstances. The trou thoroughly deserve sup'port in ; thi charitable effort, aud they have provid au excellent programme of sons ballads, sand jigs, clog dances and mij provoking farces. Very early yesterday morning wh Constable Brady was on the beat in Gheringbap-street be observed the glimmer of a light in an empty stall 0£ the stable at the rear of the premises uf Messrs Harvey, Danu and Co., produce merchants of Byrie-street. It is most unusual for a light to be seen in the locality at 3 o'clock in "the morning, and the constable, after intently viewing the glimmer for several minutes, raised an alarm, and someone speedily extinguished the light without answering the police man's challenge. Tin; gates leading to the stables from the Gheringbap-street entrance are over 10ft in height, and the constable not being able to scale them, ran round Little Kyrio-street to the lane leading to the back of the produce merchants' stores, but upon arriving at the gates facing the lane he discovered that the person who liad_ the light iu the stables had escaped. What object the trespasser on the premises had in being in the stables at such an early hour is not known, for there was apparently no attempt to break into any part of the stores. Hc-avv and continuous rain fell in Ballarat and surrounding district on Tuesday night and until noon yesterday. In the low lying portions of Ballarat East floods occurred, all the creeks being filled to a higher level than they have been during the past nine months. Under the circumstances a slight flood may be expected in the Barwon river this after noon that stream already exhibiting indications of a sudden rise. At the monthly meeting of the committee of the Geeloug Permanent Building Society, held on Tuesday last, the president (Mr W. W. Bradley) re ported that the bank overdraft had been entirely paid off, the account being now iu credit. This was considered very satisfactory. The society is therefore prepared to make advances on the security of freehold property, in ac cordance with its rules, so as to dispose o£ its incoming funds from time to time. Two cases of potty thefts have been reported to the Queenscliff police as having been recently committed. The first occurred on the evening of the 11th inst., someone surreptitiously entered the diningroom of the Ozone Hotel, and stole a roasted turkey weighing 24lb, a round of beef, and a quantity of dainties which had been prepared for a dinner. A few evenings since the biilinrdroom at the Grand Hotel was visited by a thief who stole three billiard balls valued at £i 10s. Yesterday afternoon Mr W. Percival, instrument fitter of the Geelong Tele phone Exchange, severed his association with that institution, having been pro moted to a similar position in the tele phone exchange in the metropolis. A little over three years' since he was promoted to the local exchange, after performing useful work in connection with a similar one in Warrnambool, and in Geelong his services as an electrician have been thoroughly appreciated. When Mr Percival came here the local exchange numbered 175 subscriber's, and apart from the many private extensions of the tele phone system the list at the present time numbers 225 subscribers. Under his very careful management thetelephoDic means of communication have been greatly improved, and that is readily recognised by the few complaints which have been made regarding the working of the numerous lines. Where defects have existed in the telephone wires they have been promptly and effectually remedied, and credit is due to Mr Percival for the skilful workmanship which has brought about such gratifying results. His re moval from-this town will be a loss socially, as his assistance as a vocalist was always at the command of the organisers of public charitable entertainments with out fee or reward. It is not generally known that Mr Percival was in the electrical department on board one of Her Majesty's men-of-war engaged in the bombardment of Alexandria on the 11th July, 1SS2, and is the holder of two valuable medals commemorative of that event—one presented by Her Maiesty Queen Victoria, and the other by the Khedive of Egypt. The position vacated at the Geelong Telephone Exchange by Mr Percival has been filled by the ap pointment of Mr Alfred Cook, an assistant from the Melbourne office. The Buninvong borough council has decided to apply to the Government for portion of the £50,000 to be allotted under the Advances to. Municipalities Bill if passed. The grant is sought for the maintenance of the borough roads. The steamer Barrier left Adelaide on Tuesday afternoon for this port, "where a cargo of farui produce is to be loaded for New South "Wales and Queensland ports. A number of summonses for the non payment of small debts were brought under the notice of the magistrates at the police-court yesterday morning by a firm in this town. The complainants were represented by a solicitor, who intimated that the certificate of the firm's registration had mysteriously disap peared. In the absence of the certificate the police magistrate said that the court could not deal with the cases, but the lawyer pointed out that the court had the power to hear the cases and make orders subject to the production of the certificate. Mr Patterson, agreed with the lawyer, but urged that it would be a bad precedent, aud agreed to adjourn the cases for one week. Entries close next Saturday for the sec annual meeting of the Geeloug Golf Club. The secretary of the Geelong Protest Orphan Asylum desires to notify that tent for bread, meat, groceries, drapery, and f wood close on Friday next at 2 o'clock. Messrs Hendy, Leary and Co. axe adrerti to sell by auction next Wednesday afteru tbree-roomeel house, Noble-street, Cliilw and laud 50 x 142. Mr H. F. Richardson will hold his us produce sales to-day, and at l.oO p.m. will a compact little property at Germautown Mr Grossman. The weekly meeting of the Y.M.C.A.Mut Improvement Association, was held in the 1 on Monday evening. 'Ihe syllabus*subject i "Music, song and story," the members o tributing readings and recitations. After enjoyable eveuiug had been spent the meet closed in prayer. The members of St. Paul's Church Un met ou Monday evening, and all the clei were present. Tho evening was spent in elocutionary practice, over which the Rev. S. Hart presided. A number of debatable s\ jects were drawn, and a lively discuss ensued, alt present speaking well to the poi aud displaying much improvement upon pi vious occasions. The following were some the items dwelt upon.: 44 Ghuxch uiviom 4* How to make our meetings most interesting il Has the Geelong Football Club done its b this year r" 44 The attitude of the Geelc town council >v the late defalcations," " 1 sweating system," 44 The Chinese questioi 44 Has th race game an immoral tendency The members of the union have just succeec iu starting a cricket club, which bids fair have a very good run this coming season. The Chilwell Dorcas Society reports I following contributions : Mrs Crofts aud Watson, quantity meat; Mr Champion, lar bag of potatoes ; Messrs Peterson Pros., laj parcel groceries: Mesdames Marsh, Bnv and Keown. gtocerits. 