SUMMARY OF LATE NEWS. SI A fund for the relief of the families of the Eldorado miners killed last week has been started. At a public meeting in Bacchworth £26 was collected. Several Bendigo mining ventures have been floated in London. A company has been formed in London with a capital of £200,000 for investment in Victorian mines. Gjod news continues to be received of the London wool market. Lidy Brassey is said to be an enthusiastic cyc>ist. In Tasmania press reporters on business travel free on tbe railways. A resolution to abolish this privilege w&s; defeated laet Friday by 21 to 2. Five tons of rabbits are now being Bent weekly from Yackandandah to the Earoa preserving factory. Mr. James Muter, a ve>y old resident of the Nine mile, near Beech worth, dropped dead on Friday. Dr. Croesen, one of the founders cf Ecbuca, died on Friday. The Lindon Globe refeis to the New South WaleB elections. It says Mr. R?id will have to go a long way to conciliate the Labor paity. It considers that the demands of tbe latter will eventually become exorbitant. A company has purchased the right of using in New South Wales the new process of treating sulphides. The V.R C. is considering the question of legalising the totalisator. A meeting will be held on 6.h August to decide whether the movement shall be eupported. The anoual meeting of tbe Victoria R.cing Club w«8 held on Wednesday. Dr. Youl, the Melbourne city coroner, condemns the use of flinnelette for infants' nightgowns. This substance contains, it is said, no particle of wool. The Victorian Premier says federation Is put back considerably by the result of the New South Wales elections. Had the Opposition been victorious, they would have proceeded almost immediately with the Federation Eoabling Bill. The coroner's jury in Melbourne found that the ship Hilaria had been wilfully set on fire by two man. A new system of horsebreaking has baen adopted by the Victorian police authorities. It is said to be more humane, as well as more effectual, than the old plan. The new system has been designed by a German named Licbtwark. The Parliament of New South Wales is now ruled by tbe Labor party. Mr. Travers Jones has been elected for Tumut. Mr. Jones tied with another candidate, but was elected by the casting vote of the returning officer. A man named Rioguet has been declared to be suffering from leprosy at Mackay, Q ieensland. The tennis match on Saturday between Albury and Melbourne University, resulted in a win for the visitors. The visiting team, however, included some Albury men. The Rutherglen municipal election aroused much interest. A sensational burglary occurred on Satnrday at Prahran. The residents were awakened by a burglar alarm, and shot at one of tbe intruders. The burglar gave in at the sight of the revolver flieh, and was arrested. The R«v. J. Puillips, of Casterton, died suddenly on Sunday. Heavy snowstorms are reported in the Omeo district. The gold yield in Victoria for tbe past quarter shows a foiling tff compared with the eame period in 1894. Tbe prospeCB of the butter trade in London appaar to be improving. T&e; supply sent to the provicci-s is stated to have been ioBuffljient. It is suggested that shipments should be tent all the year round. Parliament will probably meet on 13 -h August. Three thousand quarters of beef left Sydney on Friday for Lindon by ibe T&ermopy; as. Ic is considered probable that the Upper House will pass the L*nd aud Income Tax and Cisterns Bill. Mr. J. R. Ashton was knocked down and robbed last week in broad daylight in a Sydney suburb. A lad named Beckett, whilst out shooting near Forbes, accidentally shot him*~ei'. The receipts of the Melbourne H >»pital last year exceeded the expenditure by £800. A little girl named Field strayed lrom her home, near Gandagai, last week, and was found dead. It is considered in Sydney that M-. Lyne will be appointed leader of the Opposition. Heavy lalls of snow RTO reported in the high lands all ever tbe colony. A ghost has been alarming the quiet suburb of Eteternwick. Dr. Riwan has appealed to Australians in Eogland oa bthalf of tbe M^lbouroe Hc?pl al. An eaer^iiiic agitation has been commenced lavor ol n »-v.Ivrsy to Walgett. A: Gjulburu a little boy niui^i T.,vlor threw s »:nn« »t bis pi^ter. The ivjury eiusaJ to the girl's head proved fatal next day. 