FICTION. THE GHOST OF CASTLE DARTFORD 'MORE than two hundred years ago,' said Lady Flora, 'when Charles I. was King, and every gentleman was a Cavalier and ready to die, if need be, for Church and Crown-very different to. what most men are now--the Elois ley of that day was, of course, a gen tleman and -a Cavalier; in fact, he I was made Lord Dartford by poor, dear Charles, and beheaded by that wicked Oliver CromwelL' ' And does he haunt the old tower f enquired one of the guests. 4 He must J find it cold on an evening like this.' J The shrill, moaning- whistle of the gale,' which was raging outside the I Castle, illustrated the sentiment so vividly that Lady Flora shivered, and 1 put out her little hands toward the I fire before continuing her story: *3So, he doesn't haunt the tower. J It is the cousin, ' Wicked Robert Elmsley,' and it certainly serves "him I right. You see, Wieked Robert was. j a Roundhead, and he hated his Cava I lier cousin, and coveted bis land. And j he knew, that if he could only get him 1 out of the way and his little boy, too, j that he was the next heir and would inherit the estates. And so it was J Wicked Robert who betrayed his cousin to the Usurper, aud they took I him here and brought him out to die on the terrace there-in front of these windows-and Wicked Robert stood J and gloated over the dreadful deed, j But Providence wouldn't allow such wickedness to go unpunished, and so J as Wicked Robert came down .from j the scaffold, a .man sprang out of the 1 crowd of villagers who were standing j by weeping, and stabbed the wretch to the heart, and I think it was a J brave and noble deed,' concluded lady Flora nodding her little shapely head violently, while her great eyes flashed, j ' If I bad been a man I would have 1 done it myself.' \ 'And so Wicked Robert did not get the estates after all f laughed the 1 guest who had spoken before, j * No,-and his ghost is condemned to j haunt- the tower, until he has done I atonement for his great wickedness. And I must say that though I wouldn't j for worlds go near the tower, especially on a night like this, I do hope that he j won't finish it off yet, because a real j authentic ghost several hundred years j old is something to be proud of.' . And what does Wicked Robert j look like ? j At that moment the door opened, j and the servant announced in audible J tones, j ' Mr. Rooert Elmsley.' j An irrepressible smile went round the circle of guests, but Lady Flora j showed no sign of mirth. j On the contrary, the shadow ©f a frown overspread her beautiful fea j tures and made her seem quite plain. [""" whp>tv> niir opens, was a very ancient structure J which had been ? the principal seat of 1 theiiead of the Elmsley family from j tiine immemorial-so people would tell j you-or, to be more exact, from the j reign of Henry VIII., who presented j it to Robert Elmsley, King's Commis J sioner for the supervision and reform J of the Monasteries, as a reward for the Remarkable zeal which that official J had shown.in carrying out his majesty's j wishes. Ever since that time the J eldest son of the house had been christened Henry, while the original J name of Robert was reserved for the second son. The present Earl pos sessed an only daughter. Lady Flora, j but no sons, and in consequence the next heir to the peerage was Robert I Elmsley, Esq., before mentioned, bar rister-at law of the Inner Temple. Lord Darteford was a just man, and | was steeped in the traditions of no | blesse oblige. He could not bring j himself to marry again; lie had had J quite enough of matrimony for an or 1 dinary existence. Therefore lie must do his duty by the earldom and the J family name in a different way! In short, though it was only natural that j he should provide very handsomely for j his daughter, both in the way of in I come, house and jewel-box, Dartford] j Castle and all the great mass of estates J which had come to him from his an j cestors, and the pictures, statues, &c.;, J which had been heirlooms from genera- i j tion to generation, were entailed and 1 J would go to his heir at his death. However, be had no desire to antici pate that event, and so he was on very good terms with his heir, and the. I latter ifi. ; the shooting seasons always had a good share of it. ^ - In the meantime Robert Elmsley struggled on at the bar, spending four huudred a year in ruakiog about a hun dred. Never was there a better in stance of the starvation of the horse while the oats were growing. He went very seldom to Dartford because lie was I aware that Lady Flora hated him. She made no secret of it, and he knew, moreover, that her dislike was grounded on his prospective heirship to Dartfowl. Dartford was her home, where'she was born. She hated the idea that it should ever pass into the hands of * a stranger.' Her feelings were well known tocher friends, and that was why a smile passed round the group of guests when Mr, Elmsley was announced, for they were ?well aware that their youthful hostess regarded her cousin in the flesh with as much aversion as she entertained for wicked Rpberfc Elsmsley in the spirit. Thisdislike of lifers rather interfered with what had been at one time a I cherished plan other father's-natiiely, to marry for to her cousin, and unite the entire property in the most suitable fashion. Once he had been foolish enough, however, tosuggest this p^j» ject to her, but she was mostindignant. She said that Robert Elmsley was a horrid creature; she hated him, and would rather die than be Recently civil to him, far less marry him. Her lather told her sbe was a fool, and she, said she didn't careif '; matter-endsdJS '' . , , ! However, Lord Dartford persisted in. inviting Ji^berfc toDartford,and Robertcarne, though thesevisits were far from pleasurable to- him. When Lady Flora heard that Robert Elmsley was coming for Christmas sheatonce filled up the house with special friends of her own to neutralise his disagree able presence. \- * ' * , * * . 1 Flora is a great friend of tnine.' said Verderer to him after dinner. The unmarried ladies in their loyalty -.to their hostess had rather given him the cold shoulder. ; Perhaps, - moreover, their loyalty Was stimulated by thfe re membrance that old, Lord Dartford looked remarkably strong and well and might live for years. Lady Verderer, however^ being married, did as she .pleased. So she outraged Flora's feel ings by talking quite amiably to Robt. Elmsley. After that she devoted her self tp Lord Dartford, and so interested him that he forgot to go to sleep as he usually did after dinner. Thee veningpassed peacefuHyenough, but on the following day die first note of discord was rather violently struck in an unexpected, quarter. Flora had observed to h^r cousin rather rudely that she supposed that only people who were obliged to remained in London in December, To this he was gently dis senting, whea suddenly Lord Dartford struck iu harshly, almost brutally : .' Lock here, Robert Elmsley. Don't 1 lay down:the law iiithat way, man, to ; my daughter. Youare not master yet, so don't think you arejand you will never be master of my girl, I can tell . you.' * That's one for him/ thought Flora wickedly. * So papa's found him out at last. How do you like that, Mr. Robert Elmsley ?' It was evident that Mr. Elmsley was much amazed and embarrassed. ' I canassure you that you are under a total mistake,' he replied. 'I was merely observing-' 'Don't try-now to bully^ me,J cried Lord Dartford outra^eousgr.'First the daughter, then the father. ' Your head's tnrned, Rbbert, that's what it is, and I won't have it. I won't have it in this houses I can tell you.' A further attempt- on the part of Robert to explain met with such a vio lent retort that even Lady Flora's sense of justice was shocked; For this wretched Robert had really done no thing. If he were the heir by entail it was clearly her father's fault for con tinuing the entail, and to talk of the poor wretch bullying her when she had consistently snubbed him and jeered him for years without succeedingin provoking any adequate return, would have been ridiculous in private, but was monstrous in public. She saw that her thoughts were reflected in the faces of all her guests except .Lady Verderer, who smiled-as the Roman » muiuu ?uiuymj'uumji, »uut uwwb- wm drawn by sword or trident in the arena. 'Now, papa,' said Flora suddenly, . 'don't be absurd. *You know perfectly well that we wern't talking to you, and you've 110 right to listen. And it is very rude of you not to talk to Lady ? "Verderer.' J At this speech all the young iaoies stared. Lord Dartford obeyed his daughter, and turned to Laxly Verderer. The unpleasant incident closed, and the only trace of it was left in Flora's man lier to her cousin; which was far nicer than it had been, ' I could not help it,' said F'ora to her pet crony when they were having a final bedroom chat. 'Of course, I treat Robert badly because I hate hiui, and I am a girl, and so it doesn't mat ter. But if papa were to do it in his own house, it would be really insulting and dreadful too, because one doesn't ; ask people to stay, not even objection able relations, in order to insult them. So I was'bbliged to stop that.' Experience, however, proved that sTie had only stopped it temporarily. Lord Dartford showed a disposition to quar rel with Ms heiir in public, which was very unexpected and highly annoying to his daughter. She : remonstrated ? with hirii privately;' ? ' '. y 'Nonsense,' said Lord Dartford. 'Miirt' Jhie feeling 1 Rubbish! Do him good. Take him down. He's giving himself too hairsj > The manifest Injustice of this struct Lady forcibly, and the re sult was Jthat she took her cousin aside, arid said to him with a: venr different manner towhat she usually treated him to; ' You musn't mind papa, Robert, it's the gout, you know. When :hp has got die gout lie, hardly knows what he says.' ?*?, - ?. ? Robert EImsley flushed a little, for it was the first time that she hadad dressed him by his Christian name since the entail had been renewed, and he realised that it mean»a great deal. He told her that, of course, he attached no importance to her father's remarks. ; . Coming from so near a relation, and one so much older than himself, he could not be offended ; he only hoped that Lord Dartford did not really think him impertinent. * Impertinent ? cried Flora impul sively, $ why, all the impertinence has beenon our side, and I only wonder bow you can stand it.' .' Well, one does not quarrel with one's nearest relations; said Robert gently, ' and a lady is privileged, es pecially when she is a cousin, whom onehas known from adiiidboo^'J^ilt besides, important business obliges me to go to town to-morrow-' But theie.Flora broke in, and said, she would not bear of it. She was so ashamed of the breach of hospitality implied in his words* that she literally begged and insisted that he should stay,and, of course, he yielded to her entreaties gladly enough. It was cheer ing to find that this little cousin ofhis had some remnants of good feeling to! wards in his hearts he'wished that it were a more definite affection. - . . _ , When Flora told her father wbat had happened, he only grunted at first Then he said suddenly: ' It's a pity you didn't let the young, i jackanapes go.? / fOh,^ap4f Grimdd^ is .coming down t<^mor TOW,'paWuedIjOId £>artford., v ' * Oh, the tklious creature! Why ever did vou ask him .«-How-1Sst^:ib^^!®cw»»;-; .. Viae* stand ffcatl own house, and if that jackanapes Robert has beeiraetting you up to mu tiny, out he goes vat, once. Grxmsidfr is a; very sensible man, a wealthy man, andthe" baronyis a very old one. > Why, he is like a gorilla, md i have heard that he lives a most shock ingly fast life-all kinds of dreadfui stories*' . Pooh, pooh. Appearance is no thing, and men settle down after mar riage. I can tell you this, that many a father would be only too delighted if he could get Grimside to be his son in-law.* At this Flora fled, protesting that such jokes were perfectly horrible. The worst of it was, however, that after a while she began to fear that it was not a joke. :-Her father referred to it .again in a manner which left no doubt as to his sincerity. Lord Grimside was a tall man, whose peculiar type of feature caused him to be known generally as the "White Zulu.'' When he wished to make himself agreeable, he put on a special leer, which seemed to open the whole of his face. Treating Flora to this mark of esteem on his arrival,'he made her feel quite ill. ., /Lord" Dartford welcomed him with a. warmth that seemed to Flora perfectly fulsome. She blushed all . over at the idea that he was making her cheap in. . the eyes of "this dreadful man. Of course, I»rd Grimside took her in to dinner, and, of course, he talked tremendously. ? :His conversation -was chiefly about himself, and; he told an anecdote about how he had success fully 'done' a cabman, which made Flora wish that someone would thrall him soundly. ? Ste was furious to see that her fa ther treated him as- a fiMjpuiied guest, and appealed to him as if he were ail oracle. Worst of all was the fact that Grimside took the cue from his host, and treated Robert Elmsley in the most contemptible manner. : She could not understand how Robert could en dure it for a moment.^ i?hen on the top ofit alleame- here father to tell her that Grimside thought this, and Grimside had said that, and didn't she: think Grimside ?was a most entertaining fellow % , vehemently. In her despair- she actually con sulted Robert FUmsley, fprafter^^ years, and it was not'likely she could discuss her fatber's*eonduct with a str&tijger.; She aJsked him very anxi : ously if he saw any sign of a great change in ber father, and Robert, after . a demur, was "obliged to acknowledge that Lord-jDartford' was ^not quite the sambas formerly. '"^Stili, he could nob own that he thQUghViiis uncle's brain was at all affected, in spite- of Flora's obvious desire that" he should do so. ' He must be a little wrong in his head/ she said -impetuously, * or lie would never-What do you imagine that he wantsmetbdo?-to marry wretch.' , v : * Wli-a-t, Lo/d Grimside T ^ ' Isn't it a horrible idea f And Robert sympathised with "her most cordially:. The situation was in deed a dreadful one! The only ray of comfort lay . in the vfaet that X^jrdL . Grim wood was notfan ardent wooer. Perhaps he would tie easily snubbed. On the other hand, perhaps, he was insolent enough to | take her consent for granted. That|idea made Lady Flora's blood boil. | (To le Condudcd iinAirrtfxt issue.) ^" One morning-a wittjl individual wagered that he would aBkthfe same question of fifty different persons and receive the same answer from each. The wit went first to . ::t^Sn6tlierJ>\Mla"'he'"1lifll* reached thenumfcerToFifty. Aaid this is how he won the bet. He whispered half audibly to each, ' I say^hareyou heard . \--tHfOt: iE?t queried'the wholefiffcy, one jafber anothfer,: and it was decided, that fee .befcliad been fairlj 1'* 