WHITBURN AND AKARMAN'S MINSTRELS. A anrNCIE surprise was awarded the Fitz roy publio this week when it became known that Will Whitbrn and hio clever company of Minstrel and Vaudeville artistes were. to. appear at the Exhibition Hall, on Tuesday evening. Long before the rising of the curtain the hall was comfortably filled by the many admirers of this popular comedian. Mr. Whitburo has adopted the happy idea of paying each subuorb a visit, thus saving the lovers of minstrelsy the trouble of going into the city and at the same time amply repaying the public their many visits by giving one in return. That the company is the beot of ite kind that has ever visited the suburbs is without question, and the large and appreciative audience which was rresent on its initial performance were awarded a rare treat. The programme opened with a pretty overture by Mile. Stewart and Orchestra, which was followed by the ballad "Southern Home" by Mr. Harry Townley, both items being well received a song and ,lance by Mlies Pearl Akarman entitled "Lily Bells" was very prettily executed, and the ballad which followed "The Sweet est Songs of all" by Miss Dora Busch was very appropriate. Mr. Will Akarman gave his original song "Hello, Bobby," but owing to a sevore cold, which he had eontracted that day, could not do full justice to it. A oerie-comic song by Miss Ida Rselyn, and a ballad by Miss Rose Darbyshire, were both' fovourably received. Mr. Will Whitburn's. great speciality, "At the Registry Office I met my Doom" fairly brought down the house, and an encore insisted upon. Mr. Tom. Bergin followed .with the ballad' "Silent Toast," and a mandoline solo by :-* Miss Feopadeza?as lIsteneid to'in rapt?a.c'. tention End enthusiastically received. A :-.: isong and dance "'Golden Summer Time" by Messrs. Franks and Williams concluded a very creditable first part. In the second -. part the audience were treated to a recherche display of refined artistic gems, opening with a marvellous entertainment by the I musical artistes, Messrs. Lelliots and Busch, their best effort being a solojon the bells, which had to be repeated. A dummy clown ract by Mr. Fred, Garnet was an item in it self worth the money of admission, and only needs to be seen to, be appreciated. Miss b Ida Roslyn scored another triumph in her Ssong- and dance "Golden Lilies Cluster," and a neat song and dance "Katy Did " by: Messrs. Franks and Williams gave another I proof of these clever artistes' wonderful powers of showing the poastry nof motion, BMiss Pearl Akarman gave an interesting, a exhibition of her wonderful powers of con r tortion, and a very enjoyable evening concluded with Will Wbitbure'e funny sketch "The Suburban Ghost," which fairly convulsed the audience. Owing to the hall being otherwise engaged, there will be no performance next week, buton the following Tuesday, 17th instb, the same company will again appear in an entire change of programme, tAp'opon of the mo mplimentary benefit to be tendered to Mr. E. Melling, the popular member of the Fitzroy football team, who • austained a severe injury to his leg whilst playog in the match Fitzroy v. Melbourne, aesars. Whitburn and Akarman of the Whitborn Variety Company, have gener ou ly offered to give their assistanco at the Sbenefit entertainment at the Fitzroy Town Hall, on Tuesday 17th inst. 