W0RK;I70R HOLIDAYS. I h270 been conculted by eevoral corres ppndenta a* to suitttblb needlework to whilo away thb' many mora; or less weary hours at tho Booiido theao holidays, nnd I must try .ami migr;;3t somotb^-.g that shall be small, 80 thatitruay bo ei*tuiy curried about, shall bo of a serviceable colour, so that an occasional smut may not prove too nurttui, and most important of all, shall bo economical, so that itbrouglit b'ck to town in an unfinished con dition,'. thb ghost of repentant prodigality ni:\y.;c6t re',ppear too frequently in the dreams of tho coDGcienco-stricken sluggard. Another requisite of a pieco of work that may bo dono out of doors ia that tho colours should be rest ful and {hut u6VaUuitrg, xh^ald bo requirod, 'for, ih fccp of tbtrwonderful'.Muea and greens of tho soa, with tho ovcrohanging lights and tho allrabsorbing.ehadowa, no ono could possibly find interest'or pleasure in tho trivial tinta of a comparatively insignificant flower. Well thon, .1 tako - it that, ao tho pieco of work must bb small and light, we oannot do better than soleot either a blotter or a book cover, a telegraph-forin caso or ouoh liko. As weimnst ha cfcbnomical.riur' material must be lin^n and ^ flowers aro tabooed, wo must select, a couyomioiml ' .design. Amung my colleotioii of (rau efer'a 'I find; that I havo just tho right design- for' the purpose, and quito a hirgo- variety ; of : tbem..f. Hero is a swan measuring; como - twelvo.' by-ten inches. It would, loyk really capital'on d blotter of dark green linen ; tho bird itself might bo worked out handsomely in whito and grey, with it* red bill surmounted by a knob of black ; tho one. log* that just nhowa should bo done in bla.uk, mid tho wing must ,)io shapely nnd pointedly worked in dead, dazzling whito. Thia .'would . mako a mostr attractive and original blotter; tho suggestion of water through whioh tho swan n^qvea making tho design;quito- realistio. . . , ' . And ?hero ; ia another good, design for tho purp se. Tliis is a fvog.contentedly Bquatting on tonio leaves tho while it/sniff* conten-ptn« ' ouely at some branches that 'reach to itsm so; 1 shoiild work this' on -blue .'linen, the frog to bo outlined in brown:arid spotted with yellow, and tho foliago to, ho all ^green. And yet another derign- desenrea our attention. This is an owl sapiently recting dzz tho cross bough of n troo whtlo a enn on tho riizht-hand comor chines benignly i-jxpon him. This would look woll on any ^hode of linen and could bo . worked in browawith tho breast portion done in' whito, tmd hugo black eyoa with 'whitb'rima round- thom. Tho sun I ?should but Out in yelloxvliuen and applique it round,' ond tho b.ongha of. tho treea ohould bo of dark gj-eeny, brown,. ,Of courca all these , design^ Would bhow. to ddvantago if worked ?oat in whito'flos thread:upon a very brightly 'coloUml lin6h:}'GUch(.aa a vivid red or a jrood orAngd:ye'llow.'. ;I havo-any number of o'her .trausfcrp of griffina'* and queer-looking boasts and .fishes , which , Would ,bo*s equally suitablo and -;oula'alBb b'o Worked either in whito or black thread. 'I ; havo juot'' been presented with a' very^prctty tolegTaph*form caso mado of grcen linen» thodcQign.being geometric illy arranged.. clunUirp - of, p^lo' connected by ohaino ; . these chainy' aro 'Worked in yellow silk, dud bebtles''^7i!igB7aro sown carefully Over th'o 'petals,; forming -c-'Bort of iridopeent flower. . /Thiai.would. Lolsq/ bo a Bnitablo achiovetpent forjour soasido noliday, th ugh ?the fea^of mislaying any qf tho wlnga might provo d drawbacks ' And'ybt another little pieco' of worir strikes mono befitting thi- S'Q. cido -holiclfcy-. occasion, and. that ia a piano keyboard cover. But,! wjUl. deaoribo tmaiu como other ..artjole, . V _ /' 