SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHIOH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BT SKIPP BOELASE, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Threi Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ocean Seoret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?" " The Police Minister," &c.; CHAPTER LXXVIII—(Continued;. _ " May heaven forgive you for ever having believed so, and reward you for thinkingdifferently now. Why, the wretoh Halcamus has shut her up in some terrible plaoe, wherein he declares that she must soon die unless Bhe is released therefrom, or where, if she does not even die, she may contract some awful disease that has been buried tor centuries." "Buried? Then she also must be buried and amongst the long dead." " Heaven knows. He spoke ambiguously and vaguely, eo as doubtless to affdrd no olue as to where my dear sister really is." "Do you mean to eay that he apoke to you?" " Yes, he accosted and detained me jnst ai I was leaving the grounds of the Orchard Manor House a couple ot hoaM ago." "The Orchard Manor House! That is Captain Leigh's place. Pardon me, bat may I ask what yon were doing there ?" "Certainly, I went there to enquire after the health of hie son, who has been the devoted friend of both my husband and myself." " And once your lover, if report epeaki truly, aye, even whilst you were affianced to me," said the Baronet bitterly. "On that point report lies," answered Rose, whilst the warm flush once more mounted to her cheeks; " The day before I beoame engaged to marry yon I broke off all connection with Lancelot Leigh." " Was the empty title of Lady so attractive in your eyes as to wholly outweigh the love in a cottage theory? You see, I don't flatter myself that you ever cared for me personally. I should be a fool if I did so." parents " I consented were dearer to to marry me than you even because Lanoolot my Leigh ; just as at a later date, and on the very eve of our contemplated marriage, my sister's welfare proved dearer to me than even my parents'." "And just as a little while later still the love of a perfect stranger, and an alien, proved dearer to you than that of either Leigh, parents, or sister," retorted the Baronet somewhat sarcastically. " You have no right to say suoh a thing, and I shall only condescend to vindicate myself on that point to you because it is commonly believed that twins have the same vices as well as virtues, and BO in defending myself I may also^be defending your wife and my sister. My husband, then, preserved my life at the imminent hazard of his own. and as for weeks there seemed to be no possibility of my finding any more legitimate protector, he, loving me not one whit the while, nevertheless urged me to marry him in order that no breath of scandal should injure me whilst I waa necessarily in suoh close communion with him, shut up in a beleagured city. Lawfully his wife, lie has, in point of fact, been to me aB a devoted brother. Had not his conduct towards me been of the noblest and most ohivalrouB nature can you imagine that Lancelot Leigh, who has loved me from boyhood upwards, would, in the courseof a few hours'acquaintance have beoame so devotedly attached to him aB, unsolicited, to hazard his life, and even court a disgraceful death in his service? To make even you believe in my husband's unselfishness and goodness I am sure that I shall only have to add that, fearing that Lanoelot and my any longer connection with him would bring down ruin on our heads, he last night quitted us surreptitiously, leaving me a hastily scribbled note to the effeot that he was going to face and meet his doom, that be intended to bear Lancelot's burden as well as his own, and that as we had fondly loved each other, he hoped that his death would remove all obstacles to our union." " And that was how only yon and young Leigh were found by the crowd who invaded the old house in Ghost Lane last night?" "It is. Lanoelot knew nothing of hia departure, and you—ah, you must surely remember my pausing on the Btairoase to read a scrap cf paper which I found pinned to my skirt." " Distinctly, as well as my own feelings at the time, when I believed that you were my wife." That scrap of paper was the farewell that I have spoken of, and now you will surely sot wonder chat during its perusal I was deaf even to the wild language that you were indulging in at the time." " I do not wonder. But do you intend to take your apparently doomed husband's advice, and marry Lancelot Leigh when he is no more ?" " What a oruel question, but I will answer it nevertheless. My husband, before he had known me five minutes, was ready to offer np his life for my sake. Do you imagine that after knowing htm for long months, and receiving suoh treatment as I have at his hands, I can be less ready to do the like for him ? If vou do you must takeme for aetookorastone. No, this very evening I start for London to plead bis cause, first with the Queen, and if she fails me then with the King—his oause, and of course Lanoelot Leigh's also, for I should be guilty of the blaokest ingratitude were I to forget him—since though I love him no longer, I o>7e him a very deep debt of thankfulness, and I besides promised his father not much more than an hour ago." " You did ?" broke in Sir Harry excitedly. " He got you to promise that you would use every effort to save his son? The infernal scoundrel! ' " Why : exclaimed Rose, both shocked and astonished at this outbreak of violence, " Was it not a very natural request under the ciroumstancss ?" " Undoubtedly, but, oonfound it, I oan see that you don't evon guess, far less know all. Well, save the young fellow if you cam and let his father go to the de—the deuce. He's a scoundrel, a sooundrel of the very meanest and barest kind. But enough of him, more than enough of him. You are a good, generous and noble- minded woman, and having proved you suoh, I can talk to you of your Bister again. Believe me that she is in no danger. Haloamus Greenwood has bargained with me to discover her and set her free for a thousand pounds, which are to be increased to guineas if he performs his part of the contrast before 1 o'clock to-morrow morning. Old Leigh made me almost vow—but there, there, we have done with him, and I do assure you that, from my knowledge of Greenwood, the scoundrel will be too eager to grab even the odd shillings to delay Ruth's restoration a single moment beyond the fixed hour." "Alas, his very reason for stopping me was to make fresh conditions," said Rose almost wailingly. " What, does the villain dare to demand a yet larger sum ? " "No, but he is afraid to come near you, knowing, as he does, that he was he whom you thought you were eet'ling scores with last night. Nor does he oare to approach a prison, or any one conneoted with the administration of the laws, and so he stipulates that he eball be paid the money through my father, at thn House in the Wood, whither he will bring Ruth, and hand her over on receiving it. It was be who forced me to visit yon here, by the most awful representations of what might happen to my sitter if I -refused to do his bidding. " Well, I don't see why your father should nob pay him the money, nor do I know of a better place that Ruth could be taken to than her childhood's home, at least until I am free, and can take her baok to mine, for I have forgiven her, quite forgiven her, even though I now know everything. You can tell her so, indeed I wish that yon Would." " I wish that I could; but I dare not delay my departure for London even long enough to see her, for Halcamus deolarod to me tha the oould not set her free before the dead of night, when the streets were quiet and folks gone to bed." "Ah, I had forgotten that yon had other calls; but have you the means of prosecuting them—ample means, that u to Bay? If not I wish that you would allow ue to be your hanker as come atonement for the cruel ordeal that for the last, half-hour I have been snbjecting yon to." tL "You have more than atoned for that by forgiving Ruth; besides, bankers only advance money when they are sure of being repaid." "Let me advance yon any sum that you may require as a brother, then; for in that position would I stand now, and in that position I have a right to stand. If I was free I would accompany you to London, for highwaymen and other perils thickly beset ' tbe way. However, if you will aoeept of my steward's escort in plaoe of mine, he ig a sturdy and honest fellow of the name of Miles Joyoe ; wellnigh old enough to be your father, and to be thoroughly trusted. ThU steward, a couple of the best horses in my etables, and a hundred gnineas, you will find much more useful than mere sympathy and good wishes, though I will throw them in along for just what they are worth." " Perhaps I ought to «ay no to your kindly offers, considering how muoh you have lost through Ruth and my father already, but, considering my husband's and Lancelot Leigh's danger and needs, I really cannot." "Say no more about it. You confer a favour instead of receivinc; one. I will at once write a note to my steward, directing him to lodge a thousand, guinea* in your father's hands before four o'clock this afternoon, and also to hold himself ready to acoompany yon to London, and ao forth, at any hour that you may fix upon after nightfall. Yon can either send to or deliver Book letter at Lisbon Hall, my present abode, but I think I would advise yen to deliver it personally, beaanae what one does oneself is always sure to be well done. I have but to ring this bell and I shall be duly waited on and snpplied with all I want even in a prison. But as the doctors declare that young Leigh is sure to raoover from his wound I am fain to hope that I shall not remain here very long." " And is he sure to recover?" exolaimsd Rose in joyous accents. " His farther did not tell me so when I was there." " His father is a—well, to draw it mild, unmitigated old humbug. He told me half an hour ago that his medical attendants considered his recovery oertain, and drove a . bargain with me that if Lanoelot refrained from prosecuting me for the injuries that I had inflicted on him I should use all my. influence with the present Government to save bim from the consequences of the scrape which he had got into in your and your husband's eomDany." " And you will do so?" "For the young fellowV sake, -yes, aad I_ will do as much as X can for your husband also, but for heaven's sake don't overrate my power and so relax yonr own efforts, for I'm somewhat diffident of it myself, I do assure you. However, I will do my,best, and no man oan do more, so now' for this preoiopc letter." _ And as he concluded Sir Hafly rang his bell, and a turnkey promptly answered it. In another five miuutm tbe letter was written and given into Rose's hands, who, after agam pouring forth her thanks to the Baronet, notwithstanding that he tried all he oould to nip them in the bod, quitted his cell in a very different frame of mind to that is whioh sbe had entered it. 