A REAL GHOST. BY SOLOMON GILLIES. Perched like an eyrie on a high beetling promontory overlooking the Dornoch Firth, in Sutherlandshire, there stands an old bouse which for five generations has braved the storms and withstood the rude blasts of that bleak wild coast. Stanley Manor, as the weather beaten mansion is called, has been in the possession of a family named Auchinleck since it was built, and has never changed hands. Each suc ceeding generation has evinced an in creasing pride in the - ancient roof-tree which their forefathers set; and albiet Stanley Manor has from its founda tion been dreaded by all the surround ing district by reason of its being haunted by a ghost, the owners of the mansion have lived on in peaceful occupancy, nothing daunted by the mysterious sounds which are often heard at dead of night, and the timid looks of erstwhile visitors when ap proaching the uncanny dwelling. Singular to relate, ’ the ghost of Stanley Manor never assumed the same form twice in succession. At times it appears as a shadow passing across a room, again the firm military tread of a man marching through the hall, at midnight, or anon the low moan of someone in suffering would resound throughout the subterraneous vaults beneath the dining-room; but apart from the instance about to be related, the Stanley ghost never as sumed a tangible shape. It was Halloween, and a goodly number of my father’s more intimate friends were invited to spend the afternoon and evening at Stanley Manor. The guest of the evening was a young gallant, heir presumptive to an adjoining estate on whom my mother looked with longing eyes as a desirable suitor for the hand of my sister Phyllis but who in the eyes of my^ l father brothers, and sisters, including Phyllis, appeared as the quintessence of a brag gart, coward, and fop. On the evening in question this jackanapes was making himself pecu liarly obnoxious to my brothers and sisters on account of bis impertinent familiarity while addressing himself to Phyllis, and to my beloved father by his continuous chatter about the bravery displayed by his predecessors in the field with the elfins in bygone days, and thp total indifference to fear which, through their example, had been inherited by him. Towards midnight, and shortly after the guests had partaken of supper, a young lady visitor was singing, and so beautifully sweet was her voice as it thrilled throughout the spacious room, that each one present sat in silent ad miration. Towards the end- of the second verse a servant, blanched with fear and trembling in every limb, rudely burst into the room and shrieked— ‘Oh, sir, there’s someone knocking at the hall door, and I’m sure it’s the ghost.’ •Had an aerolite*fallen from.the sky and crashed through the roof of the bouse, no scene of greater conster nation would it have caused than the sudden inrush of the terror-stricken servant at this moment. Ladies screamed and fainted, children clung to their parents, and a favorite cat which had been dozing on the hearth rug sprang upon my mother’s back, and stood with dilated eyes and hair and tail on end glaring at the open door. Fear was depicted on every countenance save that of my father, who sat with his large keen blue eyes steadily scanning the face of his un desirable son-in-law to be, while a merry smile played about the corners of his lips as he complacently stroked his long moustache. * Strange hour of the night for any one to be abroad,’ he remarked; ‘go and tell James to open the door.’ ‘ Oh, sir, James is frightened, and is hidden in the pantry; he will not go, sir.’ * Then I must,’ my father rejoined. ‘Come with me, M‘Donald, and let’s see who dares disturb us at this un toward hour.’ M'Donald rose with a sickly hue overspreading his bloodless cheeks, and slowly and reluctantly followed my father towards the door, struggling the while to hide his fear. ‘ Who’s there V demanded my father in peremptory tones, but the only answer was three knocks, clear and distinct, on the panel. The guests, most of whom had sufficiently recoverd from their fright, now crowded towards the hall and awaited in breathless silence the issue of events. My father how firmly grasped the door handle, M‘Donald, who was a pitiable sight to behold, slunk behind him and peered with eyes transfixed with affright over his shoulder. ‘ What’s there?’ once more thundered forth my father’s voice, but still no answer save the measured rat- tat-tat, and without a moment’s further delay the handle was turned and the door thrown open, when in waddled with roguish blinking eyes and gently stay ing neck an old white goose. 