i MIGHT VERSUS RIGHT , fOOPTHIOm'.l (.TWO IN9TAT.lt BNT8 APPEAR iN thI8 DAX'fl ISSUE. 1 !»».« BY JULIA HACK, Author of " Th' Boggart o' th' Mill," "GUn . Gordon," tfc. CHAPTER VIII. — Continued. _ " Trouble P Ay ! trouble enough ! " sighed Betty. " The mou has come about a bill, and th' inester canna pay." j " Is that all ? " answered Elsie, in a tone of relief. " 4 Canna pay ! ' Unfortunately that is no new thing, Betty. Ask the man to wait a few weeks ; there will be money coming in, and we must get papa to set tle some of these bills. Tell him to go away, and his business shall be attended to." "My dearie, you dunna under-stand," said tlie old servant, wiping her eyes with a corner of her apron ; 44 this mon canna be sent away a-thaten; he's a bailiff. Alack-aday ! that I should live to see sich I a. disgrace ! " and sitting down on the I nearest chair, poor Betty began to crv a bitterly. The girls looked at each other in 5 utter bewilderment ; the word 44 bailiff " 1" conveyed no very terrible idea to their f minds. Elsie threw down her hat and gloves, and set herself to comfort Betty. 44 Why, Betty, you dear old stupid, a bailiff is nothing to be afraid of ! 1 think they are rather nice sort. of men ; don't you remember our calling at the farm where Sir Robert Talbot's bailiff lives, and what homely, hospitable people they were ? I like bailiffs ! " , "Law bless us !" cried Betty, almost angrily, " you and Miss Mary are nobbut like babies ; you think you know ivery- thing, andyou know just nowt. Yon mon in the kitchen is a different sort of bailiff j to any yon know about; he's sent by ' a lawyer, and he has to stop until his ' bill is paid, and if it is not paid, be can ! tak' what lie likes out of th' house, and sell it until he gets as much as he wants;" The girls looked aghast at this new definition of the word bailiff. Just then Bertie and Mr. Sam Dodd walked in. looking very much surprised to see Betty seated in the dining-room, red-eyed and dishevelled, and Mary and Elsie standing beside her. lookint? nalo an d fi-icrTifonorl The crisis was so alarming, that not even the presence of a visitor could check the recital of the new calamity ; indeed, for the time he was forgotten. Standing in the background, he listened to Bertie's eager questions and Betty's lamentations, a curious half-smile on his well-cut lips, and a light in his dark eyes which cer tainly did not betoken sympathy. 44 What about father, Betty?" asked Elsie, presently. 44 Of course he knows about the man P " 44 Oh, yes, Miss Elsie, but he canna do nothing; he seems fair moithered wi' trouble." " Poor dear father ! " sighed the girls. "You had better allow me to see this fellow," said Sam, coming forward. 44 Ber tie can go with me, if you like ; I daresay the matter can very easily be arranged." He spoke to Elsie, and she gave him a quick, questioning look; the money diffi culty was, after all, only an old foe with a new face. It was very dreadful, but Elsie's heart was oppressed by a still heavier and more personal trouble ; and the intention she read in Sam's face only added to the weight. Like- a bird caught in a net, every effort to extricate herself only resulted in tightening the meshes which encircled her. Sam walked into the Vicarage kitchen with the air of one who is master of the situation. The unwelcome guest was seated before the fire, his feet , on the fender, and his whole person enveloped in a cloud of coarse tobacco smoke. " Put that pipe out directly," said Bam. in a peremptory voice. 44 1 wish to speak to you about this business." The man looked half inclined to be impudent, but a glance at Sam's cool, determined countenance modified his intentions. He stood up awkwardly, and disposed of the obnoxious pipe. " I'm only doing my dooty, sir," he said, in a surly, but abject, manner. "A. ppor man must obey, orders, sir; this ain't none of my doing." 44 Let me see your warrant," demanded Bam, taking no notice of the man's attempt at apology. 44 Where is the bill?" Sam took the papers and examined them m a business-like manner, explain- ing them to Bertie, who knew as much about such matters as liis sisters. The bill was for a sum of £50, and was due to cue Jones, a man who had apparently 1 lent money to the Vicar, years ago. : When Sam had satisfied himself that the claim was made in proper, legal form, he took out his pocket-book, and producing a cheque, lie filled it/up for the amount required, and having obtained a receipt in full from the discomfited bailiff, lie ' crdered him off the premises, and gave him notice that if- he heard of his stavW to gossip at the public-house, he would make him repent it. The man took up his fusty old cap, and Departed in so humble a guise that Betty's feelings were greatly soothed, and when she had thrown open the window, and removed all trace of her late visitor, ehe began, to feel herself again. I I 44 Now, Bertie, " remarked Sam, taking lip his; hat, 44 1 f ully intended to speak tor your father this evening about Elsie, (but tbis tiresome little affair must have upset him,' and I think it will be better to wait till to-morrow." t 44 Perhaps so," said Bertie, "but do just come iiito the study, and let him thank you for your kindness ; I — I don't really know how to thank you myself." j "No thanks are needed, my dear boy. Between relatives, as I hope we may call each other, this sort of thing is nothing at all." . Elsie heard the words as she stood at the head of the stair-case, and they struck a chill to her heart. He evidently .thought it a settled thing, then; this new obligation would give him a sort of right ' to her ; was there no way of escape ? She ' Jwaited until he had left the house, fol- j lowed by Bertie ; then she slowly des- : cended the stairs and went into the study. uviuaj wets itucauy outue, Gaiitiug uu uer father, who was in a very distressed state , of mind. He was standing on the hearth rug, -'looking at tlie receipted bill in bis, hand, with sncli an expression of pain, I .perplexity, and shame on bis refined coun- j tenance, that Elsie for the moment forgot ' her own trouble in tlie instinctive desire to soothe and comfort him. i 1 Mr." Vere stood in a. very curious rela tion to bis ...children; they admired, trusted, and looked up to him, as the ;best of earthly beings. His affectionate, ' sweet temper, and. deep piety bad won for him this high place in their hearts ; yet in times of : trial and difficulty, it was usually the; father who turned to the children , for support, and not. the children to the father. They ' were well ' aware of his faults and weaknesses, and t he habit of watching over him, and shield- ing him from the consequences of his im- 1 prudence, had become a part of their natures. This was especially the case ' with Mary and Elsie, whose love was. .not only filial, but had in it almost the protective, self-forgetting devotion "of- a mother. "It is very kind, Mollie," Mr Vere was saving, as Elsie entered the room. 44 Of course it is kind, yet I wish he had not paid the bill. God knows, I have small cause for pride ; but this is what any man must feel a humiliating obligation. If it had been his father, now— many a kind deed he has done me, — hut this young man, with his curls and dandy air, is quite another thing." "But, father dear," returned Mary, gently, "consider; the - man couldnot stay here, and he would not go unless he was paid, so what was to be done P I think it is a great relief to have the bill settled-." ;;; 44 It is a loan, of .course we; must regard; it as a loan we.:,halF phy it-back in time," said Elsie, iii an earnest, pleading voice, which no one understood. Mary looked at her, smiled, and shrugged her shoulders incredulously. - 44 True, Elsie," said her father, always ready to seize upon a hope, however visionary ; 44 of course I will pay liim back. 44 Yes," he added, straightening himself with an air of relief, " I shall he able to pay him before Christmas." Dismissing at once the unpleasant sub ject of monev. Mr. Vere then beoan f n a.slr questions about the picnic, and, falling into an antiquarian vein, was soon deep in the ancient history of the Priory, bringing forth proofs in defence of his favourite theory, quoting the opinion of this author or that ; so that in less than half-an-hour he had apparently entirely forgotten all the annoyances of the day. Elsie looked at him fondly, rejoicing to see the lines of pain and distress pass away from the beloved face. How could she be so selfish as to regret what had brought him so much relief ! She even found it in her heart to be gi'ateful to Sam Dodd for his kindness. , - Surely no I one could be unreasonable enough to expect her to marry liim in return for. the obligation ; that would indee'd be carrying gratitude to au absurd extent. Sitting at her father's feet, Elsie lis tened to. his": talk. of those far-away Limes when the _ Priory, and many another similar building now fallen into decay, were peopled by monks and nuns, living their quiet, saintly lives; while outside those cloistered walls gallant knights, in clash iug armour, wrought many a \&ituaAAujr; UUCU, t This conversation soothed Elsie's agita tion, for it carried her far from the pain ful present ; so she fell into his humour, and led him on from one old legend to another, well knowing that, mounted on .one of his pet hobbies, be was perfectly happy, and glad, too, to be beguiled out of her own uneasy and perplexing thoughts. By-and-by, however, when she joined Mary and Bertie in the drawing-room, this peaceful mood forsook her. It was far easier to listen to tales of old. romance than to hear the praises of Sam Dodd. Bertie was bubbling over with enthusi astic admiration and gratitude, and even Mary, who did not in her heart of hearts like the young man, was on this occasion warmed up to eloquence in his praise. Both Mary and Bertie knew that Sam wished to marry Elsie, but they were almost as simple and guileless as their j father, and no suspicion crossed their minds that his kindness could be other- ' wise than perfectly disinterested. : Elsie listened in silehcie, ? feeling/ for 1 the first time in her life that she was 1 alone. Hitherto, Mary had shared her i every thought; now.an important crisis 1 had - come into: ker life,-' and' she : would hate to ' face " it bjK herself . A.' sudden desire for the long-lost mother filled her heart, and brought unbidden tears into her eyes. Mother would have under stood — would have told her what to do — but alas ! there was no mother, no one upon whose judgment she could rest. Pleading headache and fatigue, she soon went to bed,, thinking herself far too miserable to sieen: but tliA va.vi«fl emotions of the day had indeed greatly wearied her, and ere long, " Nature's sweet restorer" sealed her tired eyelids, and wrapped her in the peaceful, restful slumber which is one of. the many privileges of youth. Chapter IX. O, how mf will is hurried to and fro, And how my unresolved resolves do vary! I know not where to fir; sometimes I so This wu.v, then that, and then tlie finite contrary. I like, dislike ; lament for what I could not; I do, undo ; yet'still do wluit I should not, And, at the self-same instaiit, will the thing I would not. —Philip Quarles. j The next day was wet, and a chill wind brought down the golden - leaves in I showers ; but, dandy as lie was, the weather ! did not keep Sam at liome. The church clock had but just chimed ten when lie arrived. Elsie shivered 'and tiirnedTpftlq as she heard the study d'oor ooeii and shut. | "He's conie, Mollie," said Bertie's I voice in tlie liall, 44 and lie says "—here, in : obedience to a warning gesture from, bis ' sister, nis voice same to a whisper. 44 Very kind <-f him;" replie'd' Mary, in a jow tone. 44 Oh, Bertie ! what a hap piness if you should really be able to go to school, after all ! You have;-- ability, and I feel sure you would not be lazy if' you had such a c-hnnce." 44 That's just it," returned Bertie, his voice vising excitedly. "I never have had a chance. It's all very well for you girls to say I am lazy; but bow can a fellow be expected to- grind when there's nothing to grind for ? " 44 Don't make excuses, Bertie," said Mary, gravely. 4 VYpu-i have always known/; that your future depended sblely - upon" your own efforts, and yet. you have not worked'?' , L ; j 3 .. 44 Well, I shall work fast enough at school," said Bertie,, c.>nfidently. " We. are to have our choice, Mollie ; "what "do you say, Rugby or Harrow ? " 44 Time enough to settle that, when we know you are rea'iy ..in g." responded Mary,- quietly.- ; -44?Y6u forget, Bertie,., everything' depends upon" Elsie's "con- sent." 44 Elsie's consent!" echoed Beitie. 44 Surely, Mollie, you do not think it possible she will refuse him ! She could not be so mad-: so utterly unreasonable 1 " TTnflli "RnpfiA/vnii lmvA no vio'Tif. sri/u j j — zy — -—j that ; Elsie must please herself. I wish you would not talk about it so confi dently " ' Mary went on ber way npstairs, and Bertie followed her, talking eagerly. 44 They neither of them seem to think much of my happiness," thought Elsie, bitterly. 44 Mary has set her heart upon this school'plau for Bertie; she does not consider the cost. I wi l not do it." But this reflection was quickly followed by another. 44 Elsie must please her self." 44 Oh! How I wish Mollie had not said that," thought poor Elsie ; 44 1 do not want to please myself — to study my own happiness— aud yet this is too much, it is too hard for me. I will tell father. He will never wish me to marry any one I don't love." Anxiously she waited for Sam's depar ture. His interview with Mr. Vere lasted an hour ; to Elsie, listening in feverish suspense, it seemed like three. _ At length the study door opened. j Once more there were voices in the hall; then her father's footsteps, coming to- wards her with rapid strides. I In he came, looking happy and excited. 44 Why, Elsie, my dai-ling," he cried, clasping her fondly in his arms, 44 what wonderful news is this I hear! God bless you, my precious child, aud grant that you may be as happy in your mar- vioge as your mother and I were." Eisie was completely taken aback. Many a tiin®. she had rehearsed the scene, and never once dreamed that her father might act in this way. So unprepared was she for any such congratulatory address, that her mind was thrown into a momentary state of confusion, and she could remember none of her : carefully- : planned little speeches. H ' .; 44 You don't wish it, father ? " she uttered, faintly. Alas, poor Elsie! her look of appealing distress was quite misunderstood by the kind vicar. " Of course I wish it," he cried, genially.; "Have you been imagining that I was going to act the 4 heavy father' of the play ? I wish for anything which is for your happiness, my love ; but besides that, Elsie, I must say it is a great relief to me in. many ways. Sam's paying that bill yesterday was very distressing to nie" —no man likes to be under such an obli gation ; hut, as he was saying just now, between members of the same family there is no question , of obligation. He ; will be one of us, and our affairs will be his affairs. He tells me he shall lose no time in looking out a good school for Bertie. Really, my dear, lie seems a most estimable young man, and there is no doubt we shall all be the better for having, a good man of business iii the j family." | Elsie stood looking at her father in blank despair. Was everything to be settled offhand in this terrible way, and was she to have no voice in the matter ? Her heart revolted against the cruel in justice, yet she had no words in which to plead lier cause. The deeply- rooted habit of shielding her father from trouble made it bard for her to destroy the brilliant castle in the. air he had so. suddenly erected; doubly bard, with'! Mary's words ringing in her ears— 44 Elsie must please herself." If Elsie were to please herself she must disappoint her father and sister, and ruin poor Bertie's prospects. But tne alternative was too areacliul. How strange it was that Sam seemed, suddenly, to have won every one's good opinion. A week ; ago - he. had been an object of railery; no one either liked or respected bim ; but now all agreed to sing liis praises — even her father, the least mercenary of mankind ! ... O, what a world of vile, ill-favonr'd faults Looks " handsome in three hundred pounds a-year 1 And, alas ! Sam possessed thousands rather than hundreds. Elsie rallied her energies, and tried to - think of some objection to bring forward. ! " You said— you said he was. a dandy," she faltered, not daring to raise her I eyea- . ; t It was a weak thing to say, and so she felt. As a drowning man grasps at a straw, so she caught at the one idea ; which occurred to her distracted mind. I 44 So I did, darling, so I did," cried Mr. I Vere, throwing back his head with a gay, i boyish laugh. 44 1 am sorry to . have hurt ; -your feelings, but I had" not the least idea of all this, you sly little pussie ! I fear . I am, as the old song says, an auld, blind, dotard body,' or I should have guessed it all long, since. My dear, young men are always dandies when they are aiflicted; with the love fever. You would hardly think it," giving a comical glance at his shabbv coat-sleeve, 44 but I was quite a fop myself when I was making lOve to your dear mother. What a consummate ass I was ! I wonder she condescended to look at me. But a short dose of matrimony cures that complaint. You must forgive me, ; Elsie darling, and believe that I rnorougniy appreciate nis excellent good qualities, L ...iy though he is ! " 44 Father," said Elsie, desperately, 44 you j talk as if it were all settled, and — and I have not made up my mind ! " Her father laughed, and gave her a quizzical look, which . made her cheeks tingle/ . . .. " Oh, all right, my dear," he replied, with much inward amusement. "I do not wish to interfere ; I'll leave . you. and Sam to settle your affairs -at ybiir leisure." He went back to his. study, liis kinclly face alight with smiles," and "liis 'romantic unpractical soul all aglow with sjmipatliy | for the lovers. His little Elsie in love ! ! Bow odd it .was, and how .sweet and beautiful was tbis spring-time of life ! Seated in his arm-chair, forgetful of microscope and specimens, the tender hearted "Vicar gae himself up to visions of bygone happy, da, days spent in con- tfiving how and where he could meet his beloved Mary, aud nights spent in , writing poetry, which he: never had the courage to give lier. Self- tormenting, yet gladsome' days ! . Gone!— for ever 1 cmnp ' TVn.vs n.vnsA in Iii a cn-pf. rlvoomu eyes, blotting out these visions of the past, and the Vicar roused himself, and, throw- ..ing off the. painful , rmemories which oppressed him, he once more set to work building and furnisbmgi that " castle in the air his daughter had not possessed the firnmess to demolish. - Sam was very well satisfied with his morning's work, as, indeed, he had good cause to be. In the afternoon he called, hoping to see Elsie; but she aud her sister had gone for a long walk, and he found no one at home; so lie lingered a moment, talking patronisiiigly,."'to' : Betty. He .-recqguisea-r-ithe-- fact %thatw"she was a power in the house, and thought it worth his while to -win -her- over to his side.' Before' he left he ! slipped a sovereign into her broad hand, with a jocose request that she would spend it" pn cap ribbons. Betty received the gift with an inscrutable smile, and Sam departed in high spirits at his clever 44 stroke of business." His theory that 44 every woman has her price " would have been.a little shaken if/' lie had teen how Betty treated his present. She took it into the kitchen, and laid it upon her clean, round deal table, and sit ting down, she looked at it gravely and critically, as though, it were quite a curi osity. ' ... vv nat s tins nere ior r ' sue soiilo- quised." 14 4 Nothing for nothing, and very "little for a 'a/penny,' that's been his motter iver since he wor a boy. I mind him well, I do ! He never gave nobody one shillin' for nothing. Twenty shillin'll buy a sight of things. .W.h.atls_tliis 'ere twenty sliillin' to buy-? " >. -V--. " She shook her head solemnly, andsighed; out though she evidently looked upon the bit of gold with grave suspicion, she was by no means disposed to undervalue it. She was perfectly well aware that it was a bribe; as such sher despised it, and was at .once on her guard against' the giver; but tlie gold was none the worse for that. Money was money, and Betty, like most north-country folk, was far from blind to its charms! She reached down an old cracked tea-pot from the back of the top shelf of her cupboard, and there deposited her treasure, after which she sat down to her work, and set her shrewd wits to work to solve the problem. to ob continued .Ar'— Out of Sight. | I 14 1 didn't see you at the masquerade j Oall, JimpLr-u." " No ; I went as a ghost." j I The Bibliomaniac. , I 44 You have a fine library ; 1 suppose you j i read a great deal?" 44 No, I don't. It | takes all my time making the money to pay j for these books." — Fuck. ' The Spur. She : 44 You will have to work hard if you ivin her." The Poet: 14 111 have to work harder if I don't." Preparatory Discipline. 44 No, I'll 'not marry. I/tliink I'll bp- 201116 a Sister of Charity." "" 44 You don't know what that meaDS." 44 Do aft I ? Eaven't I sat up with you every night From' eight to one for three, months ? " A Parisian Creation. Mary had a little bunch \- Of silk with feathers otf it ; Her husband bad to foot the bill For a fifty -shilling bonnet. r —-Washington News._ Didn't Escape.: Inspector (it the pehi entiary) : 44 1 un derstand that .measles broke out ihrt-e days ago." Warder: "Yes; but the guards caught them ! " - .. - ; , . ? More Money In It. Mrs. Poeticus r "" Isn't this bat -a poem, dear ? " Poeticus (sadlyf as he looks at the bill): 44 1 wish X. could write that kind." ' Striking a Balance. Marie : 44 What on earth are you wear ing your sealskin coat in the house tor ? " Maud: 44 Well, Ned said he couldn't afford to buy it for me, on accouut of the quantity of coal we used. I've got the coat, and I'm economising on the coal." No Danger". Little Johnny : 44 May I hitch the dog to my sled and have him pull me ? " . Mother : " I'm afraid he'll bite you." Little Johnny : 44 It's the other end I am going to hitch." — Good News. At the Chemistry Exam. 44 Which is the best known insulator ? " The Candidate (a young student, pala and thin, with a bilious complexion and a savasre look about him) : 44 Poverty, sir!" — La Monde Illustri. . One Good Turn Deserves Another. Husband : 44 But I don't want to quit Chewing tOOaCCO. Wire : A gave up uiy woods for \ mi. and I think vou mav do the same for me." — Kate Field's Washington. Over the Wire. He : 44 Is that you, Miss Budd ? Oh, all right. Eh — I say, Rosalie. I — I can't wait. You know how I love you; will you marry me?" She: "Y-yes. (A pause.) Who are you ? " | . Needed It More | 44 What are you doing around here?" said the woman to the tramp who had got over the fence just in time to escape the bulldog. 44 Madam," he said, with dignity, 44 1 did intend to request somethin' to eat; but all I ask now is that, in the interests r.f .Rii.na-mHr. \>on'll feed that don."— Ul unuiivu.vj, J O Washington Star. ; Their Health Food. Pessels (the druggist) : "Hi, there! What's' ' the row ? " Morton (the boy) : 44 Matter 'nough ; here's a lady want 4 six- pennorth of insect powder, quick, an' the cockroaches has e't it aJl." In Change Unchanged. OldBache: 44 1 see that you ladies are still like the ancient Venus." Mrs. de Mode : 44 How so ? " Old Bache : 44 In the matter of fashions, you are still pleased with the judgment of Paris." How He Got Out of It. Wife: 44 George, I know you will not like it, but I will have to get you to stop at Lacey's and match this piece of goods." Husband (enthusiastically) : 44 Not like it! Why, the girl that waits on that counter is the most bewitching, sweetest litile angel ! " j A Bar Rlnndpr. Magazine Office-boy : 44 Oh, there's been an awful time up in the editorial room to-day." Business Manager : "Eh, what's the trouble ?' Office-boy : "The janitor made a mistake and put the 4 No Admit tance' sign at the subscription offio , a-.d the 4 Welcome' door-mat in front of the editor's room." ' Something Useful. Mr. Suburb (on a cold day) : 44 That back yard is one glare of ice, and I nearly broke my neck. Who's been using the hose out there ?" Mrs. Suburb : 44 Little Georgie asked permission to wash the carriage, and as it was such an unusual th'mg for him to want to do anything useful, I told bim he might."' Mr. Suburb ' "Humph ! he wanted a toboggan slide." From Different Standpoints. Ethel : 44 Ob, at last ! It has been years, Alphonso, since I saw you." Alphonso : 44 Oh, my own Elhel, it has been centuries." Ethel's father (up in the library) . 44 Mag gie, who was that.you-just let in ? " Mag gie : 44 It was Mr. C xulots, sir." Ethel's father : 44 Great guns, this is the ninth time he's been here this week. He might as woU live here." Not the Same Chance for Mercy. I Teacher: "Johnnie, do you think if you i had cut down your father's cherry-tree you would have told the truth about it? " Johnnie (slowly) : 44 No, I don't believe I would." Teacher : "What! You would not tell a falsehood?" Johnnie: (apolo getically) : 44 Well, ma'am, yer see, I don't i believe Washington's father was just the same sort of fellow as mine." An Epitaph. , Here lies the chronic office-seeker. Mi el us el T. M'cGout, ' Who never sought a single place, But that he was left out. 'Twas in the month of August last, Tne late-lamented died; And now he's in the only place For which he ne'er applied. A Narrow Escape. Bingo : 44 Had quite an accident in my train to day. I was just going to take out those sandwiches you put up for me when, crash! we struck anoth-r traiu." Mrs. Bingo (ansiously) : 44 Was any one injured?" Bingo: "No. But those sand wiches were telescoped." It Looked Suspicious. ; 44 Charlie Harduppe had a cheque to-day, buff they would not cash it at the bank. fli/atr nnh lrn/-\rr Liim » 44 Didn't he have anything wi»h which he could identify himself ? " 44 He had two or thrjee -bills made out in his name." ""Wouldn't the teller accept those as iden- tificatiqn ? " 44 No ; they were receipted." Might Spoil Chances. Maiden (whispering) : 44 Is that you, George?" Serenader (who has been b' owing love music fort-he last half-hour) : 44 Ah ! At last, my darling, 'tis you ! Yes ; 'tis your owh(jifeorge." Maiden (still whis pering) 4.4 Wjell,' George, won't jy'ou g0i away ? Charlie Bonds is in here and- ite about to propose, and I'm afraid your music disconcerts him." An Irish Argument. Moriarty: "Andyez ask four sln'i .ag a box for slitrawberries because it's the middle av winther, do yez ? " Dealer : ' That is just the reason." Moriarty : " Sure they ought to be sixpence a box, now." Dealer : 44 Why ?" Moriarty : 44 Because t hey are not in sayson. Sure, isn't furnace coal chayper in July ? Arrah, but it's a robber yez all are, and I'll buy no shtrawberries till Jan, ao I w ant." 