INTERCOLOIXTAL LETTERS. VICTORIA. END OF THE V.K.C. MEETING. THE HAUVESTEIl'S FORM. Mr. W. R. WUisu'a Luclc— The St. Aluana Art Union. (Bt ' Ajax.') Milboukke, Monday.' Tho foatures of tho V.R.O. Antumn Sleeting just oonaludod vrero tho varied form shown by The Harrostor and tho luck oxpo rlenoedtbroaghout tho meeting by Mr. \V. -K. Wilson, tho ma.tor of St. Allans. Dealing with tho former subject first, thoro ann be no manner of doubt that there was something trroug ns rogardd Tho Harvoatnr. In tliu St. Loger Tho Jlavvestor was not only bciitou by Proston, but by Maroon, and tho lnttor subaoquuntly hud his work out out to bout a moderate lileo Lnetvuy in tho Maiden Plato, and tlniuhd a dozen length* behind anything in tho Champion. Thin form, con sidered by itsoir, would makn Tho Hnrroster out Tory modorato were it not for tho faot that ho ran third in tho Australian Cup (and aould lmvo uuurlv won that r.ico if ho had boon properly ridd*on), and walltodolT with tho Clwupiou liaee, in wliiuh Pruston hid not the ghost of n chanco with him. A» «howii.R thoolunsof horso Tho Harvontor is (und also llciroo) I nmy ineiitiou that u Caulflel'i owner timud tho lust sii furlongs of tho Australian Cup In Imitt I^kou— thut is tho time elapsed between tho leading horse at six furlongx and Havoc passing tho post. At six furlouga Hnroo was in the oontro of tho field, und probably a socond and a half behind tho lending horse, no ho must have douo tho lnat six furloncaof tho two niilon und a quartur under lmiu luseo. This, of courao, is n, tremondoua go on tho part of Havoc, but Tho Harvester's porfonnanoo waa oven butter. At tho six furlonga ho was a bad last, and probably throe Hocondn bohind the louder, yot ho finished third, lusa than u second behind Havoc, no ho must have run tho last six furloncs iu about lmiu Hseo. And how did ho finish. Tho liorso simply ran into tho pluco himsoif. Sundurs admits, I beliovo, that ho never rode a worse rauo in his life. Now coming to tho Cham pion, it was only a* ouo hordu raoo from tho start. Tho Hnrvcster was always going woll, and nrhoii in tho straight ho fairly smothered them, aud orentually won with goodness knows how much in hand from Preston. C&rnago;, who might Imvnjhad a olmnco, broko down in the raoo, aud Patron waB not iu it at the finish. On tho Australian Cup nud Champion running Tho Harvoater's form iu the Leger was remarkublo, nud why the V.JR.C. stewards did not consider it neoesnarr to hold an inquiry Holes ido. In f/iirness to Mr. S. O. Cook, tho owner of Tho Harvester, an onquiry should h»vo beon hold. Erory body bcliovos him to bo ns straight us a gun, tmd ho would no doubt have beon glad of tha onquiry. An oxauso is given iu somo quarters that Tho Harvestor vras Bhort of work for the St. Lugor. Ha may havo been, but that does not account for his beating by Maroon, who is not in tho same street as rognrds form ns ho is. All I oau Bay about The Hirrcntor is that I consider ho is a racohorso of tho first wator, ' and if thiugs aro favorable ho should carry all before him at the Sydnoy Mooting. No roaeonablo weight should stop him in tho Sydoey Cup. Tho auccoaa of Mr. W. R. Wilson's oolora was very popular. The master of St. Albans wonno fowor than sovon races ont of tho twonty four— the Essendon Stakes and Bruuswiolc Stakoa ou tbo first day, tho Ascot Yale Stakos and Cup ou tho second day, und tha Unplaced Two-year-old Stakos, Looh Pinto, and Farewell Ilundieap ou the fourth day. As showing also the general exaolleuco of his toaiu, only one bor«& [Huvoc; innnacod to win more than ono raco. Iu addition to his winners, Mr. Wilson bad two good roprotonta tives in Slumber and Wallacu, tho former run ning into second placo twice, nud tho lattor onoo. Unfortunatoly for Mr. Wilson, Carnago sprang a toudon when runniug iu the Champion Raco, and ho will not raco again for a considerable timo. In Havoo Mr. Wilson has tho best horse in training at the present time, bar, porhaps, Tho Har vestor. Hitherto Havoc s feec (as was tho case with his full brotbor, Zaliuski, aud his half-brother, Trenton), havo given a lot of trouble, but Mr. Cusdin (father of tho jookey), who has a patont shoo, fixed Havoo up in such a tvay that ho can now gallop without fear of broakiug down. Ho is a very slug gish horse, and both in tho Cup and in the Loch Plate be seomod beaten at tho straight bntranco, but tho way ho roHpoudod whon ?uukon up waa a caution. Ho simpl7 loft tba othors iu tho Loeh 1'lato on Saturday an if thoy woro standing still. Havoo has now more than paid Mr. Wilson tho 2200ga bo gaTO for him as a yearling. Tho -Muskot blood of the Goldsbrough mare. Frailty, has boon wonderfully successful, Boeing that it has given ub Huob good horsos as Trenton, Znlinski and Havoc. Tho double strain of Fisherman comes in the right plaoe in tbo tabulated pndigreo, and this, I fanoy, accounts for tho oxcollonco of tho cross. Mr. Wilson's other winners in addition to Caruago and Havoo woro Challenger, Stead fast, Bradford, and Morman. Steadfast I don't think too much of. Ho in as fast as tho wind, but very unreliable, though ho may shine in Syduoy during tho (Vutumn Meeting if ho in cnugbt in tho humor. Morman was bred at Hobartvillo, and was purchased by Mr. WilBon for 120ga as n yearling. Ho must be a pretty fair colt, as he had dono very little work, aud was very jolly-looking. The stablo did not back him at all. Bradford, who wan fanoiod a bit for tho Nowmarket, in which ho ran fairly woll, was kopt fresh for tho last day of tho mooting, and ho won the Farowoll Handicap rather comfortably. Ho is by St. Leger from tho Muskot maro Wood nymph, now in Mr. Wilson's stud. Challongor covored himsoif with glory by winning tho Ascot Valo Stitkofl imnily, oarry ing a 101b ponalty. In him and Wallaoo Mr. Wilson baa without a doubt got tbo beat two year-olds of tho Bennou. A lot of people fanny Challenger the hotter of the two, but givo mo Wallace Tho way ho stayod out that milo on Saturday win a revelation. He battled right on to the liniuli, aud was only bo.itou uhoad by Hova ; thin is tho sort of form I liko for a Derby horso. All going woll, I havo not tho least hesitation iu plumping WALLACE for tho next V.R.C. Derby. I liked tho way Froda finished in tho Niirsery Handicap on Thursday. Thisdaughtor of defunct Maxim nnd Loyalty's dam, Fair Nell, was nothing like roady, yot she came at the right end of tho sovon furlongs, and after Wallace and Challenger I would not place any of tho other two-year-olds of the ficason iu frout of her. SboiBownedbyMr. S.H. Gollan, whose mare, Bessie Macartby, was only beaten a hood in the Placo Handicap by Devon, after perlorming in anything liko her proper form in the Autumn Handicap on tho Thursday. I likod tho way Darapor won the Freo Hand! cap on Thursday. He was badly intorferod with at tho turn, ami yot undo up a lot of ground, and boat on tho post n flue UniHhor ikePortunatus. Doth aro by Fryinirpan.aud I feel oertain that Damper with r- bit of luok will win uowo good races. Graudwlng, who won tho 'Stouplo for Mr. J.ll. Clark, was look ing nn poor as a orow, but thut hohadilouo a good praparution ho showed by tho way ho HulBhod. Hollos hopelessly broke down In tho raoo, aud Clruiuglo and KUIarnoy woro killed. Tho Sydnoy ownom did not do so woll as tboir sucounsos on tint first day indioatnd thny would. Thoy opnnod by wimiiiiir tho Hnpnful Stakes aud Hiro*' Prodneo Htakin on thn firet day, and novor got n win afturwurda. Dona tion aud Ialanthux eaeh ran well, and will pro bably run better at tho Sydney mooting. Ialau thus i« ju.-tt now in great niok. Dundigo ul«o ?hnwod a bit of form in tho uonolmiiug oreut of tho mooting, and Coolalta would, lam Hiiro, havo won a raco but for running hia himd into tho starting maohino ou tho hf'ioiuI dny. That soenied to frightou him, nud he was uorvous in ruciug aftorwards. A Sydney sire, Nordcmfoldt. had tho best rooord at tha mooting, four of the moos being won by his get, but tbo winners wero ulUirud in New Zcaluml. Other xnocaisfu! N»w South Wales siros wero Marrollous, Niagara, Frylngpau, Koodoo, Grundmnator, Splendour, aiid Grand Flanour. Tho boat of tho Victorian sirus wero S'icot Anohor (doad), Robinson Crusoo, and Eiridspord. Tho lattor is Mr. W. R. Wilson's Isouomy horse, nnd his suaooss at tho slud is now well established. Sydnoy jooks had nioro than thoir sharo of tho wins. .Tamon Gough, who is Ilrst jookoy to Mr. W. R. Wileou, rodo four wiunora, and W. Dohmey, I-. Cook, J. Tiorney, aud P. Nulau oaoli had a winuor. .1. Stevenson nnd H. G. Dawos woro tho inort suocossful ri-lera for Victoria. Stevousou is only a lad. Ho is attached to Foulsham's Btablo (for whom, somehow, ho canuot ride wiunore), and is a wonderful finisher. Tho announcement that Mr. W. R. Wilson has decided to part with tho St. Albans Estato aud Stud ou tho art union prinoiplo came as a, groat surpriso to everybody. Mr. Wilson i« heavily ougutred in West Australian minos, and that is tho reason, I boliovo, why ho wants to got out of tho worries and responsibilities of a big place liko St. Albans. Ho will, I urn given to undorstaud, oomo back to tho turf again. I havo no doubt tha consultation will go off liko smoko. Who wouldn't givo M for tho chnuco of getting a probablo Dorby winner liko Wallaco or Challenger, not to mention tho other horses, as well its the farm itself. I know I shall havo a dip iu tho lucky ' Josh ' King is taking ovor to Sydney by Btoamor this weok iivo ponies. Two of them aro'Fniry (by Sheet Anohor) nnd Tory, tho lattor a champion ' littlo ' pony. Tho othor throe aro for a pony owner residing at Foots oray. All firo are, I boliove, pretty good. For tho V.A.T.C. Hopotoan Handicap, Wrights for whioh woro issued to-day, I like best Figaro, Cnrlton, and Tulla'moro. The V:A.T.C. Committoo to-day decided to miso tho stako of the uoxt Caulflold Grand National Stooplaobnuo from 750 sovs to 1000 sovb, and tba Grand National Hurdle Raco from 375 sovb to 500 sors. [By Wire.] Mklboubne, Tuosday Night. - The settling ovor tho V.R.C, Mooting pnssod off fairly well ou Monday, but ono bookmaker took tho knook for about .£15,000, but it is mostly hia brother nmtallicians that aro a fleeted. ' Tho polo tournament was oonclndod at Richmond to-day, whon teams from Uraim (N.S.W.) and Oampordown (Victoria) com potod for tho final of tho Countosa of Hopo toun'fl Cup. Cumpordowu won by 4 goals to nil. The CTrana tonni consisted of T.Nowtou, J. Hiuo, 11. Hill, and J. Cully. Duriue tho match Mr. Nowtou got a nasty smaak ou the noek, aud the game had to bo Btopped till ho recovered. N . ?-- 