d won Mist. Interview with "A Victorian Girl." [BR " LA QUENOTTILLB, IN THE Qneenalander."] FOB some years past I have been much interested in and a warm admirer of the work-so much of it as chanced to come my way-of the vivacious but none the less observant and thoughtful writer known to me for a long while merely as (her pen name in the Press) "A Victorian Girl." The earliest sketches I had Been of hers appeared in the Mel bourne Argus, and had to do with Japaneso social life, in its cherry blossom aspects, as a girl's articles ought- natural, vivid, and exhalant of the "delight of life." At a later date came a number of Samoan studios, of which two stories of native life and legend made more particularly an abiding impres sion on my mind ae things one would always be the better for having read and as indicative of a certain progress on the part of the writer in the develop ment of sympathy and power. Quite recently, again, whilst I was spending a week or two in Mel bourne, people were talking, I found, of some articles which the much-travelled "Girl" had been sending from London to her lucky paper. Of these one was specially commended to me as the sort of thing that, coming as I did from Queensland, I could not fail to enjoy-"All about the meat markets, don't you know. ' What shall we have for breakfast P'" Whereupon I decided that what I should most like to have for breakfast would be Miss Florence Blair, if only she was to be had. For though Miss Shaw, of the Times, when in Brisbane had, it was under stood, " seen the whole thing through at the Graziers' meat-freezery, that accomplished woman had not begun by taking one captive with affecting talefi of the South Pacific, and one felt no shock of incongruity. With regard to Miss Biair it was quite another story. " What can she know about beef P" I exclaimed, mindful of her Samoan romances. " A good deal, apparently," was the reply. " But she is here herself now, and she might be able to tell you anything you wished to know." . So I wrote to Miss Blair and begged leave to call, which was granted me in a courteous and friendly letter. Miss Florence Blair is one of the four daughters of the veteran journalist and litterateur, Mr. David Blair, of Melbourne. One of her sisters is married, and resides in London. Another, Miss Blair, whom I had the pleasure of meeting during my visit, and Miss Lilian Blair, the youngest of the group, who was out of town, are the other members of the family circle at Oyame, a pretty villa in Sutherland road, Armadale. On my arrival, Miss Florence Blair herself welcomed me first of all, said some kind things about one or two of our Queensland women writers-Mrs. Campbell Praed for one gave me delicious tea and bread and butter, showed me all the many interesting trophies of over-sea travel which have found haven in the Oyame drawing-room, and made me free of her literary experiences and her reminiscences of travel. Miss Florence Blair herself, she told me frankly, is after all not the "Victorian Girl." That is to say, she is not the whole of her; only half. The other half is her sister Lilian. Both of them write under the name, frequently in collaboration. " How did it come about," I said, " that you first? thought of writing ?" "It was Lilian," replied Miss Blair, "who first began to write anything that was published. About nine years ago she went with a friend of ours on a visit to Japan, and while there-she was quite a young girl, too, at the time-she went about a good deal, and among other things ahe went to a very grand ball given by the Countess Oyame, and wrote us a very entertaining account of it, and my father thought 'the letter was so interesting that other people would probably enjoy reading it too, and the end of it was that it was published in the Argus, and succeeding letters also. My sister chose the signature'A Victorian Girl,' and afterwards, when we went to Samoa and wrote from there, we used it as our nom de plume." 1 "There were two stories of Samoa," I Baid, " which I liked extremely. One was about a place i of ghosts, and the other a Bad little story of a ' Samoan girl. Did you write those together f" " No; the ' ghosts' waa mine; the other waa Lilian's." "Did yon meet the Stevensons in Samoa ?-I hope you like Stevenson ?" " I love every line he ever wrote!-Yes, we visited them at their house once. It was quite in the bush ; not at all an easy place to get to. Mrs. Stevenson, his mother, was so very sweet; the dearest old woman in the world; so thorough a lady. . . . When Bohemia was started, Lilian and I did the Women's Page. We called ourselves ' Clio.'" "I remember 'Clio.' She was very amusing; always vivacious ; no' solid information.'" " Bohemia was so pleasant to write for. There was no ' management,' so to say ; the people who wrnte for it were all young; there was no editor; all Ihe staff took it in turn to edit the paper." "And then you went to England?" "Yes; and to Paris. I should have been glad to stay in London, but it would not have been easy to get a position on the Press there, and, you know, ' while the grass is growing ' While in England I wrote the article you speak of about Smithfield, and some others which were published in the Argus. At present I am engaged in Press work." The particular kind of work specified I had better not, perhaps, indicate, otherwise than to say that in the case of such papers as those to which it is under stood iH Melbourne that Miss Florence Blair is a contributor, the work in question is intrusted to none but writers of exceptional qualifications. It is eminently creditable to all concerned that a woman Bhould be proved well equipped for such a branch of journalism, and that a directorate of a leading newspaper should employ her in it. Miss Blair is a good looking girl, dark, with fine eyes, in figure slender and, I think, tall; pleasant mannered, unpretending.. She was educated by the veteran schoolmaster, Mr. fi. Hale Budd, in former days Inspector-General of Schools under the Victorian Denominational Board of Education. Notwith standing her .good. English style, she has had no University education ; but passed the matriculation rind did the work of the first year's art course at sohool. Sewing was rigidly enforced by Mr. Budd, and was taught by his daughter in the good old English way, so the " Victorian Girl" became an adept in this, as I believe she is in other, womanly arts. Mias Blair, the students of " heredity " statistics will be interested to learn, is of mingled Irish and Scottish race. Her mother, who died seven years ago, was a Scotch woman, and was a sister of Mr. James Macpherson Grant, M.L.A., the inaugurator of the Liberal land policy of Victoria. Her father is a North of Ireland man, but went when a young fellow to the South, and speaks rather with the softer accent of county Limerick 'or thereabout than of the " Black North." Mr. Blair kindly asked to see me before I said good-bye, and I had the. pleasure and much-valued privilege of a long chat with him, replying on my part to numerous questions with regard to Queensland, and listening in return to many most interesting reminiscences of the "old colonial day" and of Ireland, his native country, dear to me, too, fov the sake of some most dear. 