Gospel Worth Dying For. BY LATE REV. C. H. SPURGEON. To testify the Gospel of the grace of God. —Acts XX. 24. Paul wan a true hero; a hero of even a nobler stamp than those brave Greeks whose stories still stir the blood and fire the soul. Their heroism to a large extent depenned upon public note. the present approval of their fellow- citizens, or upon the animal excitement of the battlefield ; but Paul's heroism, so far as man was concerned, was self-contained, deliberate, and as sure to display itself in the solitude of a dungeon as in the assembly of the faithful. He was parting with his weeping friends, and going forward to trials of unknown intensity, but he was altogether unmoved by fear,. and advanced on his way without a question. Let me read you his words, and you shall judge if they have not this heroic ring. "And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there : save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me. But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the Gospel of the grace of God." 1\. First, our inquiry this morning is, what is, what was this gospel for which Paul would die? It is not everything called " gospel " which would produce such enthusiasm. or deserve it. For, my brethren, we have gospels nowadays which I would not die for, nor recommend any one of you to live for, inasmuch as they are gospels that will be snuffed out within a few years. It is never worth while to die for a doctrine which will itself die out. I have lived long enough to see half a dozen new gospels rise, flourish and decay. They told me long ago that evangelical teaching in any form was a thing of the past, to be supplanted by "advanced thought." I have heard of one improvement upon the old faith, and then of another ; and the philosophical divines are still improving their theology. They hare gone on advancing. and advancing till heaven knows what next they will advance to ; but l am sure I do not. I would not die for any one of all the modern systems. Are the disciples of Jesus now to be fed upon the froth of " thought" and the wind of imagina- tion, whereon men become heady and high- minded? Nay, rather, will we not return to the substantial meat of infallible revelation, cry to God to feed us upon His inspired Word? . What is this gospel which Paul valued before His own life ? It was called by him "the Gospel of the Grace of God." That which most forcibly struck the apostle in the Gospel was that it was a message of grace, and of grace alone. Amid the music of the glad tidings one note rang out above all others and charmed the apostle's ear: that note was grace— the grace of God. That note he regarded as characteristic of the whole strain. th Gospel was "the Gospel of the grace of God." In these days that word "grace" is not often heard; we hear of moral duties and scientific adjustments, and human progress; but who tells us of the " grace of God" except a few old-fashioned people who will soon be gone? As one of those antiquated folk I am here this morning, and I shall try to sound out that word "grace" so that those who know its joyful sound shall be glad, and those who despise it shall be cut to the heart. Grace is the essence of the Gospel. Grace is the one hope of this fallen world! Grace is the sole comfort of saints looking forward for glory ! Perhaps Paul had a clearer view of grace than even Peter, or James, or John ; and hence he has so much larger space in the New Testa- ment. The other apostolic writers excelled Paul in certain respects; but Paul, as to his depth and clearness in the doctrine of grace, stood first and foremost. The Gospel is an announcement that God is prepared to deal with guilty men on the ground of free favour and pure mercy. There would be no good news in saying that God is just : for, in the first place, that is not news,—we know that God is just; the natural conscience teaches man that. That God will punish sin and reward righteousness is not news at all . and if it were news, yet it would not be good news, for we have all sinned, and upon the ground of justice we must perish. But it is news, and news of the best kind, that the Judge of all is prepared to pardon transgres- sion, and to justify the ungodly. It is good news to the sinful that the Lord will blot out sin, cover the sinner with righteousness, an receive him into His favour, and that not on account of anything he has done, or will ever do, but out of sovereign grace. Though we are all guilty without exception, and all most justl condemned for our sins, yet God is ready to take us from under the curse of His law, and give us all the blessedness of righteous men, as an act of pure mercy. This is a message worth dying for. that through, the covenant of grace God can be just, and yet the Justifier of him that believeth in Jesus; that He can be the righteous Judge of men, and yet believing men can b justified freely by His grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus. That God is merciful and gracious, and is ready to bless the most unworthy, is a wonderful piece of news, worth a man's spending a hundred lives to tell. But the Gospel tells us much more than this, namely, hat in order to His dealing with men upon the ground of free favour. God the Father has Himself removed the grand obstacle which stood in the way of mercy. God is just; that is a truth most safe : man's conscience knows it to be so. and man's conscience will never rest content unless it can see that the justice of God is vindicated. Therefore, in order that God might justly deal in a way of pure mercy with men, He gave His only begotten Son, that by His death the law might receive its due, and the eternal principles of His govern- ment might be maintained. Jesus was ap- pointed to stood, in man's stead, to bear man's sin, and endure the chastisement of mans guilt. You admire Abraham's giving up his son to God ; much more admire Jehovah's giving up His Son for sinners. "Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us, and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our -ins." This, then, is the Gospel of the grace of God—that God is able, without injustice. to deal with men in a way of pure mercy, altogether apart from their sins or their merits, because their sins were laid upon his dear Son Jesus Christ, who hath offered to Divine justice a complete satisfac- tion. so that God is glorious in holiness and yet rich in mercy. Ah. beloved Paul, there is something worth preaching here. The Gospel speaks on this wise : Sinner, just as you are, return unto the Lord, and He will receive you graciously, and love you freely. God hath said, " I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more." For Christ's sake, and not because of any agonies, or tears, or sorrows on your part. He will remove your sins as far from you as the east is from the west. He saith, "Come, now, and let us reason together ; though your sins be as scarlet they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like .rimson, they shall be as wool." You may come to Jesus just as you arc, and He will give you full remission upon your believing in Him. You are invited, not because you are good, but because you are evil: not because you are hopeful, but because you are hopeless. The Gospel message is of grace, because it is directed to those whose only claim is their need. The whole have no need of a physician, hut they that are sick. Christ came not to call the righteous but sinners to repentance. Come, therefore, ye morally sick ; ye whose brows are white with the leprosy of sin, come and welcome, for to you is this free Gospel proclaimed. Further, brethren : that this Gospel blessing might come within the reach of men, God's grace has adopted a method suitable to their condition, "how can I be forgiven?" saith one, "tell me truly and quickly!" "Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." God asks of you no good works, nor good feelings either, but that you be willing to accept what He most freely gives. He saves upon believing. This is faith: that thou believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and that thou trust thyself with Him: " But as many as received Him, to them gave He power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on His name." The Gospel of the grace of God I know touches the heart of many of you. It often stirs my soul like the sound of martial music, to think of my Lord's grace worn old eternity, a grace that is constant to its choice, and will be constant to it when all these visible things shall disappear as sparks that fly from a chim- ney. My heart is glad within me to have to preach free grace and dying love: I can understand why crowds met at dead of night to hear of the grace o God. I can understand the Covenanters on the bleak hills listening, with sparkling eyes, as Cameron preached of the grace of the great King! There is some thing in a free grace Gospel worth preaching, worth listening to, worth living for, and worth dying for! 2\. This brings me to tho second head : You and I are not called to die for this Gospel of grace just yet ; let us see to-day that we live for it. How can we live for this Gospel of the grace of God? I answer, first, if anybody here is to live for this Gospel, he must have received it from God. and he must have received a call to minister or serve for it. He must feel himself under bonds to hold and keep this Gospel : not so much because he has chosen it, but because it has chosen him. A quaint old minister was once told that he could not preach in a certain pulpit if he held the doctrines of grace. " Well," said he, "I think I might be allowed to preach there, for I can truly say that I do not hold the doctrines of grace; the doctrines of grace hold me." That might be rather a quibble, hut there is a grand truth in it. When a man picks and selects his creed the probabilities are that by-and- by he will pick again, and will select another next time. There is about the love which constitutes our domestic bliss a something of necessity ; our beloved one was chosen by us, but yet we could not help it , we were carried away and overborne , and so our marriage came to pass. It was not altogether choice, there was a mystic power that enchained our hearts ; and I am sure it is so with the doctrines of grace if we believe them : we chose them with a willing soul, but yet we were under restraint, and could do no other. To me there is but one form of doctrine: I know no other. I am to-day what I was when, as a youth, I preached to crowds in this hall. I have pro- gressed in my theology not so much as the tithe of an inch. But the next thing Paul did was to make it known. Wherever he went he published the Gospel. This is what we must do. "Oh," says one, "I cannot make it known." " Why not?" "I could not tell out the Gospel." "Why not?" "Why, I am a person of mean appearance, and I do not suppose people would pav me auy respect." Just what they said about Paul—"His personal presence is weak." "Oh, but I am no speaker." Just so. that is also what they said of Paul—"His speech is contemptible." "Oh, but if I were to say anything, I could not adorn it with a figure of speech or illus- trate it with a simile ; I could not oven quote a bit of poetry, to make it fine." Paul also used homespun. He says: "We use great plainness of speech." Many of the other teachers were great orators, but Paul always fought shy of oratory: ho stood up and allowed the truth to flow out of his mouth freely, in its own way ; and I do believe at tho present moment we want a race of preachers who will not be fine or scholarly, or rhetorical, or sensational ; men of whom you will say when you have heard them—"I cannot make out why people flock to hear such a ministry. All that they can go for is to hear what the man says ; for he does not say it grandly : he ap- pears only concerned to get his message out of his own heart, and get it into tho people's hearts." That is just what Paul did. My friend. if the Gospel has done nothing for you. hold your tougue or speak against it : but if the Gospel has done for you what it has done for some of us—if it has changed the current of your life, if it has lifted you up from the dunghill and made you to sit as on a throne, if it is to-day your meat and your drink, if to your life it is the very centre and sun—then bear constant witness to it. If the Gospel has become to you what it is to me, the light of my innermost heart, the core of my being, then tell it, tell it wherever you go; and make men know that oven if they reject it, it is to you the power of God unto salvation and will be the same to every man that believeth in the Lord Jesus Christ. 