ST. PAULS ANGLICAN CHURCH. ANNUAL MEETING. Thc Easter incctiog of the parishioners of St. Paul's Anglican Church «as held in thc .Sunday school-room last evening. There were about twenty present, and 'thc Hon. Rector (Bishop Dawes) occupied the chair. TUE VICAR'S ADDRESS. The Vicar (thc Rev. A. Richards) read thc following address :-" The flight of time has brought us to thc beginning of a new paro- chial year, and it is my duty and privilege to offer to you a few comments upon what has been attempted or ucbieved in the parish during the patt twelve months. These will necessarily be brief, because thc circulation of thc 'Church Gazette' enables mc to keep thc parishioners in touch with all that goes on in the parish from month to month. My first feeling is one of heartfelt thankfulness that, in spite of the gloomy forebodings with which we began the year, toy God's mercy nod good- ness we have been spared from any serious disaster, add our 6sancial condition is, on tho whole, fairly satisfactory. Nor are there wanting -certain clear indica- tions, which it is impossible to reduce to statistical tables, that the work of the church is gradually, though slowly, telling. Since our lost Easter meeting, the Rev. A. H. Julius has permanently taken up his abode on the north side, as vicar of the large district designated ' the North Coast Mis- sion,' and the neighbourly friendship and sympathy which I enjoy through his com parativo nearness to St. fauis makes me fervently hope that the time is not far dis- tant when the number of clergy working on this side of the Fircroy may be increased. Well I know thc difficulties in the way ; but I emphatically repeat what I said three years ego-that it is impossible, here in the torrid zone, for one clergyman to do justice to the pastoral work of a huge cathedral parish such as ours. But for the great kind- ness and invaluable help of the bishop, and the unvarying courtesy and considera- tion of the churchwardens and church officers, 1 could not have felt able or justified in going on for over four years attempting to compass such an unpraeHcable task. At- tention was called by tho churchwardens in their lost Easter report to tbc fact that com- plaints were often heard ss to the insufficient visiting of thc congregation, and I am bound to admit that Buch complaints were neither unreasonable nor undeserved. Ko congrega tion can hope for real growth and stability withont proper shepherding. It will always be exposed to leakage on account of the better inducements in this respect which smaller or better- manned congregations can offer, and many will also fall away through indifference. Although I always feel that pastoral visitation is one of the pleasantest and most profitable departments of my work, the .exigencies of the present cuse prevent me" from doini; little more thuu thc taking re- gular members of the congregation in their turu and getting round to sen them as often as possible. But the evils attendant oe nndermanning n parish arc so obvious that I need not dwell upon them further except to point out that not the least of them arc experienced by the pastor himself, and there- fore indirectly by his flock, in the few oppor- tunities beean snatch for mental and apiritual culture. ' They made me thc keeper of thc vineyards; but minc;own have I not kept.' Toa much of my time and thought have been given to finance and to devising schemes for providing the sinews nf wur. Wheo our fcllow-churchmcu have learnt the right usc of money and the religious duty and privilege of consecrating a due proportion of it to the service of Almighty God and Ute good of their follow-men, the church will be saved from that ' bazaar-haunted, bonus-winning, scheme-driving existence ' which threatens to .ruin her spiritual influence and degrade her in the eyes of earnest men. Would that the clergy could hand over the more 'secular' branches of their work to faithful laymen, .and act upon the rules laid down hy the, apostles of old ! ' lt ie not reason that we .should leave tho word of God und Borve tables. Wherefore, brethren, look ye out .among you .... wen of honeBt report ?full of lite Holy Ghost ami wisdom, «lion wo may appoint over tin's business ; bur. wi «ill give ourselves continually io pravoi jnrl to the ministry of the Won].' Si'iH notwithstanding that our work, like every Illing human, lias its defects sud shortcomings, I thankfully believe that the 'good leaven ' ii at work, and that Almighty God is gradually coming to be worshipped uiuongst us ' in spirit and in truth.' The attendants at the Table.of thu Lord arc, I believe, ou the in- crease, and thero is a general spirit of concord and abscuce of cliqulsm in our midst which gives us good grounds for hoping that, with all our imperfections, tho. 1 good hand of God is upon ,us.' Not that thc disciples of a posi- tive and definite faith eau ever expect to have it all their own way. Where life and growth are there is struggle, aud our fjord expressly warns us that His message, if fully ami fear- lessly dclivcrod, is always likely to alicnutc and anger rather than attract und please, j simply by reason of thc loftiness of its itaiiilo.nl» and ttie uncompromising nature of its claims. Narrow is thc Rate, He said, and straightened is the way that leudetli unto life, and few he they that find it. We are not to look for success as thc world reckons it. Jt in our part simply to do our duty according to thc measure of light mid ability given unto us. The services of the gaol have been conducted hy myself with ahuoBtuniutcvuptcd regularity during thc past year, and our thanks arc due to (lie authorities for their unfailing civility and co-operation. .Some of the Guild members also hold a little prayer meeting for tho old people nt the Benevolent Home once a month. I am still far from being reconciled lo the 'united Protestant' servicia at Graceincte. Neither do I think thc congregations which attend them are. My anxieties mi thc score of the children of the neighbourhood are much lightened on learning that Mrs. Philip Law- ford has, of hpr own fina will, established a J Sunday school flt Langley, v'Mch, I know, ls well uncoded and well taught. The Sunday school (morning and afternoon), with the branch school nt Allenstown (ably and zealously conducted by Miss Morley), pursues thc even tenor of its way ; but, of course, suffers from thc chronic complaint of insutli cicucy of teachers, especially gentlemen. Thc funds have allowed us lo repay lo the trustees of the Sunday school building fund £20of thc louu granted by them some years ago for tho purchase of thu school piano. This sum they linve consUcrately expended in erecting 6ome necessary outbuilding for thc usc of thc children. Une of the most hopeful depart- ments of our work are the well attended Hillie classes held at thc Rectory und Cathe- dral Vestry for youths, und elder girls, and yonug women respectively ; and under thc wi Be and sympathetic direction of two of our j best teachers, good results may he anticipated. Tile day school haB now been established for four years, mid religious instruction is given every schoolday morning to between forty and lifty scholars. The members do not grow as 1 could wish; bul it would, perhaps, 1« un- natural to expect thc average child to voluntarily impose upon imclf au extra half lioui'fi schooling daily. I should mention that ut lite strong so I toil ul i o n of the children themselves a hand of hope hus I iee ti formed, composed of alu nt lifty numbera.; but it is premature to nay, uny thing further about it nov:. It tu imponible to exaggerate thc impnrtince nf thc work of teaching the young the doc* trines of our * most holy faith.' una we have IK right to ask for und expect thc -earnest co-operation of ull parents in the matter. The Girl»1 Friendly Society continues its meetings every Thui-fiduy, under the loving pre aid ency of Mrs. Wood. The members occupy them- selves with u (juuutily of useful work of various kinda ; hut I imagine the fuel of the meetings being held ufter dark, mu tit iiluays bc a serious obstacle in the wuy of the society'ti numerical progress. The quiet, unobtrusive work of thc (ïuild, de- serves u, word of recognition. The members, though few in number, arc always to thc fore when some needful work for thc church has to be done, and their visits to the Hoepitul, &c.;, are. I know, much -appreci- ated. I think wc have made a mistake in thc past in waiting for candidates for membership to offer themselves. Wc ought to seek them out and bring gcutlc Fressure upon them to join oar ranks wish the parochial branch of the Church Society could be made more of a icality. Thc members at present merely pay their subscriptions, and, I think, offer their prayers on behalf of the home mission work of thc diocese í but it is much to bc desired that meetings could be held periodically for con- ference and intercession. I must not omit to mention thc earnest work of the choir during thc past year. All, I am sure, feel a sense of thc responsibility attaching to their office, indicated, at least as regards thc male members by their place in the sanctuary and their special garb. Our relations in every way have been harmonious aud pleasant^ and I trust that all are trying to make glorious our worship and edify our people, not only hy efficiency of musical rendering, hut in devotion and reverence of demeanour. One of our schemes might appear to some to he a little reckless in view of thc straitness of thc times. I allude to thc building of the new choir vestry. Let me briefly explain how and why this work was set on foot. I found myself with a moderate sum of money in hand, which I waB anxious to apply towards pulling an end lo thc inconvenience and irreverence caused by crowding oar large choir, with the Bishop and clergy, into thc only tiny vestry which the church possessed. I therefore suggested the erection of a temporary wooden annexe to thc present building, for which the amount available would nave been sufficient. It was, however, pointed out by competent authority that suoji a structure as I contemplated would be out of keeping with the building and a hideous eye- sore. Under these circumstances the assis- tance of the bank was obtained, and a new structure erected, which hes met with universal approval, and which, I hope, will bo fully paid for within the uext two months. One word in conclusion. As parishioners of thc mother church wc arc called upon to take a not unimportant part in laying thc founda- tions of our new diocese. W'c nave ancient and honourable traditions to guard und a sacred trust to hand on to those who come after us. Let us give heed that we faithfully and wisely sustain our responsibility." THE FINANCIAL REPORTS. Mr. \V. Sirrcit read the report of thc churchwardens (Messrs. W. Spier, and F. H. B. Tumor, which ie OB follows :-" Wc have pleasure in placing before the parishioners the account for thc past year. This period bas been one of considérable difficulty in con- nection with the finances of the church. Thc depressed times, together with thc many demands upon the parishioners from other sources, have all had an effect upon thc con- tributions towards thc various funds of thc church, which have suffered accordingly. Wc had contemplated making a special effort to reduce the overdraft by soliciting further subscriptions ; but we finally decided to abandon this idea in consequence of the appeals that are now being made ou behalf of thc bazaar and J«panese fair to bc held in J une next. Considering all thc difficulties .that have presented themselves, we are of opinion the state of thc account is in every way satisfactory. Wo have in previous re- ports suggested means hy wrbich the burden of contributions would he equally borne by thc whole of the parishioners instead of, as at present, the comparative few, and we trust that a scheme with this end in view will he formulated by the iucoming wardens. Wc desire to ex-press our hearty thanks to thc members of thc choir for their valuable and voluntary services, und to the Sunday school teachers, whose self-sacrificing labours have had such good rcbults in KU many ways." Tho following is the account referred Ho : RIX'EUTM, £ K, il. ©v nffertorii.'B . 3&n; ]I 1 Pew rc nu . -2fta r> o Subscript ionnvo stipend lund .. 31 2 fl Kent of school-room. 10 2 ti Proceeds of ram i val . 143 15 10 Proceeds of CUtmtums revel*, 32 IS 1 fîiilraoripiinnu. Í08 13 0 *Ovi-rdrafl . 117 IC ti £1-213 ll» C KxrEXDITlTK. Bv lalnnw from prcrx-dinfryeai- .. 275 1 i 'Ymir. MM O 0 Ilifthopric Sustcmati«. Fond .. \m «t G Orpinisl.. til O 0 ViiHfcr .. .. . AS 10 0 Iíc-11-rífii.'críinrl oi^rnii- lilowci* 2ü 10 fl Fire iuniraiKw. IS 5 fl U^litliiK. 104 13 ti Knien.ll) Ä » Advertípinjrand prill tin;; .. ,. .. IOU 7 fiarramcmal vvinuM. :t í? (1 liilereiLon overdraft.. 1» h 2 Donation to Hwpital. 4 :i 10 Sviud flJwowntiL'nt . .'lu <P 0 noard of MSwurni. il 12 4 Pick nu<J Poor Kuntl. 7 JO 4 Oijjan tuning. 1-2 0O l'oltv cash and st minn . 3 (1 u Prize fund . OHS Home minions. ([ 8 fi Diocesan General ÏNwd .. 1 IS M Diocesan inniiajrcrticnl . ron ..?paneae.flir. 12 1:! 1 Miscellaneous!! vj WII^-I . Ul 10 0 Cusíi in liant!. (1 fl 4 " There are |H»W rem.« (fl tlie amouiii of £4R nwiiiL , atvd wtic« (bene fliii collected Mu: debt, will Ito onlv ic*.. Cl. Thc report and account were adopted. The balance-sheet of thc Sunday school, Bumm&r.Bcd;, us under, was read : To canil In hand. <¡ Collections. ï*i 1H Ttl Prize fund . . (J 3 2 Picnic fund. *J3 17 7 Melanesian Mission. li) Library fund. -ll*." tieneral. 1 IS 4 Sns|H?ime nr-i'oum. I 1."» ll j ¿ri'I 1) 2 KM-r.Nunrnr-. Hy ircwral fund (incl liding «Ci* in rejay milli ol tomi on Mic piano) .. ¿-'il 10 7 Prize fund. - 10 14 ll Library fund . . 8 5 PicmV fund. 20 4 10 Missions . «... 7 8 fintfilubuid. l i 14 2 The following statement of Hie ti iris' Friendly Society Lodge Fund was also pre- sented : To BuIwcHptloiis. £154 13 0 DU Ich-ncta (rom the Ilnckluiuplou Gas ami flake Company . 3.1 ll S Interest. 164 Advance! . .. 14 2 £190 4 2 KXI-RSIUTCRK. By tile purchase of twenty-one shares lu thc Rockhampton Gas and Coke Com Jinny.£117 7 G Tort payment of purchase money of len chares in ihe name company .. 43 16 S £101) 4 2 KLKCTIOS OF OFI1CE llEAnEllS. M r. (i. J. Lever «TIS clcctel people's «urden ami Mr. \V. S. Warren clergy's worden. Messrs.. Holyoake Woodo and \V. Spier Mero chosen as auditors. Thc following Gentlemen *'ere elected to the parochial council :-liy ;te parishioners: Messrs. F. H. I!. Turner, »V. Spier, C.. Pott*, H. Fotilltcs, W. Ellery,.). C.Slade, Holyoake Woodil, ami J. R. Grime. Kv tho clergy : Messrs. R. H. Junes, li. Ji. Maxwell, J. T. Tilhury, and Ackary. Votes of (hunks to the retiring wardens and choristers terminated the proceedings. 