LAJY TUBFffl. A '-SENSATIONAL TALEr - - I By HESiRY MERE9AN, ?? I Anthor of ' Eagle Joe,' ' Searlet Fortune,' &c.;, ? and part author of the play ?? The Silver King.' CHAPTER I. On one dark summer ulgM a young man climbed from tihe inside to the top of a TvaJi. surrounding the grounds of a mansion on the outskirts of Richmond, and having l-eer«i down to measure his distance, jump ed to the ground with a tightness and as sur&nce; 'which bespoke the trained athlete. He barely stumbled as lie reached the bot tom, and, quickly recovering, pa-used for a few heart-beats' space and listened. 'Nt alarm. They know nothing as yet,' he muttered to himself, and immediately strode away through the high grass of the field where he had alighted towards the op*-ii road leading to Kew. He walked with no haste or excitement, yot speedily, and with firm and elastic step. As he jumped over tihe ( fence, he listened again for a second or two and looked back. 'No movement in the grounds,' he said to himself, 'and no noise. I am all right,' and walked on. TJie wght was not only dark, but drizzly. A fine rain pervaded the air like a coarse fog. The young man tapped his pockets, which bulged with the things they con tained. 'A good haul this time,' lie said to him self. ''The best I have had lately; aad they'll be clever if they get on my tracks. This is the right sort of night for it. It'll, rain cats and dogs. Before, a few' hours are over, all trace of footsteps wall be wash ed out.' His self- communion was prophetic, for, as he strode along, tihe moisture which fiEed '.ha air became heavier, and, soon changed to a pitiless, steady downpour. The night w-ss black' as pitch and tlje figure moving tiirougih the rain was . iieafly invisible, ex cept where it passed immediately under neath the yellowish light of the gas lamps. The young man was above medium height, and slightly built. Though his tread- was heavy, ttiere was an elasticity and grace about Ms movements such as one miffht expect from a first-class fencer or a habitual gymnast Very little of Ms face was visible, for he 'had pulled up Ms coat collar and tamed down the brim of Ms bat. A short, crisp beard nearly entirely hid the rest The two-mile walk to Kew Gardens was briskly got over. Then the young man crossed the bridge and strode along towards Chiswick. Having followed the high road for perhaps a quaiifcer of a mile, lie turned sharply to his left . It was past midnight, and with the ex ception, of a couple of- market waggons and thi-h' drivers he had met not 'a soul along the road. Not even the customary police man, baill's-eye in band, had passed him. It was patent thalt everybody wlio could, except Mmself, had sought shelter some where from the drenching rain. The lame wliich tihe young man had taken was one of the few remaining in the out skirts of London wihieh the building fiend had not yet invaded. Market gardens and fields and orihards lay on either side, and it was but here and there that an oldfashion ed thatched roof intensified the darkness be tween the trees. The mud in the lame was deep and the roadway broken up by treacherous hales, in to Avihich the young mart sometimes sank, over his boot-tops in water; but he stopped not for a moment, nor seemed to care either for the difficulties of the road or for the pelting rafin, wihieh soaked through his clothing to the skin. After a waJk of five' or six minutes, he caone to a dead wall which surrounded a residence standing by the roadside. No light was visible, for the overhanging trees shut out every gleam, evea. had not the dense darkness obstructed the view. .* -.. . The young man, stopped at a little door in the wall, and, shading, his eyes with his hand, endeavored to peer along the lame, listening at the same time with Ms heart in his ears. The swash of the rain and the sough of the leaves were the only sounds that met flias ear. Has keen sight could trace no figure, human or animal, along the dark level of the road. 'Nobody!' he said to 'himself. 'Once again all is safe.' He fumbled in Ms pocket for his latchkey, and, finding it, opened the door in. the -walL The moment the -door swung upon its MngfK various little bells pealed tiny alarms within the house, wihieh stood some twenty paces away from the waiH, and kept rinsing until somebody indoors stopped them. The young man bolted the door and connected itihe bolt with a little wire attach ment. That done, he walked across the gravel path to the house. The door was already held open, for Mm by an elderly lady, who greeted him warmly. i 'What a nigiht, my dear!' she said. 'Come in, and get those things off. You'll catch your deaitih of jeold.'. 'I am eM1 right, auntie,' replied the young man. in a voice -Which sounded, strangely out of harmony with his Tough workman's attire, 'and wfoafs' more, I've been very lucky. Here,' Sie added, emptying his pockets ' and piling jewel eases and other little boxes on flie elderly lady's arms, 'you can -go to work on these while I get myself all right.' With that he kicked, off the heavy blucher boots 'wMch he wore, revealing the fact that his feet were enlarged to double their sizes by woollen bandages, and. could be fitted with a daimty pair of slippers wihieh stood in a corner,, A female head appeared at the top of tihe stair-case' at that moment, calling — 'BveryitMng is ready, miss,' and the young main, tearing off fhas wet clothing as lie went along, bounded upstairs, while the elderly lady entered a ^tting-room on the lower floor and spread -her little load on the table there. She 'withdrew tiie con tents from the cases and threw the latter into a waste-paper basket standing by the . _firepjae. . : . . . '..,». .. . . . A. touch of the bell brought a middle- aged 6erv3ng-Tmani into tihe room, AJLtihougli he ?was dressed in livery trousers and yellow and black striped -waistcoat, he was shirt-, sleeved and wore a ooAfortear round Ms neck and sMppers on. his feet He was a man of middle height, and slim abonit the waist, but broad ^across the shoulders, -BHa clean-shaven^ facfe wore the mark of that peculiar cunning which is the cockney street boy'$ own, and which supposedly can only be £ttainea:. fcy ^passing . one's . early years in or near the London gutters. He lfanpedj'ana at moments an expression of savage pain ©hot into bis eyes and distorted his features; ? The elderly lady, wittiout taming round, pointed: to the wastepaperrbasket, saying quietly— '.'?.???????' - ???';;?.????' - ? ? ?? 'See to these.' , ? - ....... .-...;. The man !shook the,' boxes In the waste-; paper-basket doubtfully. Thejolfl :SjSflj£ : hafl|tteJ^i^a% ©sir of pliers from a cfja^SW* in ^fieiiiS!«t3ali!e,':aiia 'wais en gaged in teealcing up -a .TJeautifnl diamond brooch, dropping the:J»weis which «he took from the eettings jtarefuUy on to a saucer, and the. pieces of gold, on to. a plate. 'You're right, Mike,*5 she replied; 'and perhaps, after aH^ it : mightn't be wise to. have a fire at this time of toe night in mid summer. Strip, the boxes, ie^r .'all the J stuf fings out, and ema^iie things; up as small as you can, so that they can be eent to, Old Nicfc ait any moment.'' .- ? ' /The *eryant sJM ', mfa^w&&;'-*- . 'Hae miss had a iood night?' he asked. 'See,' replied the old lady; 'Nothing to grumble at. There are some stones here that will fetch money.' 'So she ought to get something,' tihe ser vaur rejoined with enthusiasm. 'There ain't nobody like her . in the wide, wide world, God mess her!' He -was stopped short in his eulogy by a 'Never mind that, now. Get on with your work,' from the elderly lady, who proceed ed to take the jewels from earrings, rings, and other ornaments as if it were the most commonplace occupation in t3ie world. It would have puzzled most men to recog nise in the saucily-pretty, curly- haired, dark-eyed and smiling young lady who came, with pattering feet, downstairs and into the room the roughly-Jressed and rain soaked workman who had plodded his weary road from Richmond to Gunners bury. She was arrayed hi a warm, com fortable, and dainty salmony-pink flannel dressing-gown, edged with lace, and orna mented with silk ribbons of the color of the material. 'Well, auntie,' she cried as she entered the room, 'I wasn't aMe to look. Have you found anything very nice?' 'Y.es,' replied the elderly' lady. 'This pair of stones will fetch four hundred — five hundred, perhaps. It ought to bring a thousand if we only could get anything near one-fourth its value. But that Sime one is such a rogue, and there's no bargain ing with him, worse luck.' The young lady took the two stones up languidly, and, comfortably seating herself dowii in an armchair, with her . slippered feet stretched towards the fender, looked at them smilingly. 'I'm glad I got these,' she said. 'They aren't Lady Blanche's! they're her sister's, that cat Angelina's. I would not have missed these for worlds. She'll be more spiteful than ever now, ibut she'll ihave something to be spiteful for.' A little pile of precious stones was rapidly growing in the saucer. Amid a large num ber of diamonds, big and small, shone ru bies, 'emeralds, opals, and sapphires, whilst a whole strine of roearls was lvins: on jfche table close by. 'There's one good thing,' said the elderly lady, quietly cutting to pieces a lovely bracelet fashioned for some beauty of the court of Louis XIV., 'there aren't many coiored stones among this lot. It's nearly all white, and good white it is— old Brazi lian, most of it I should say Sir Geoffrey brought some of these back from Rio de Janeiro when he was ambassador out there, and ^before he was made Lord Benchief. They'll jump at it at Livorno and at Con stantinople. Not too big or clumsy, either; just the right kind.' A dapper female servant had brought a cup of tea and a decanter of spirits on a tray. The young lady walked to a little bureau, and fetched a box of cigarettes, one of which she lighted nonchalantly, and then, ? pouring out her tea, asked, with a voice which betrayed but very little in terest — 'What do you think if 11 make, auntie?' The old lady poured the stones out on the tablecloth, ran her eye over them, and then replaced them in the saucer. 'A couple of thousand, I take it,' she said; 'perhaps a little more.' 'A couple of thousand!' repeated the young lady. 'That's all right; better than I expected. Do you know, auntie,' she continued, blowing clouds of blue smoke in to the air, 'I think it's about time I stopped this game. One more decent haul, and we shall have enough to live on, and then good bye to the Lady Turpin business. When I get the Theveney lot, I shall close the book. I'm sorry for pool' Winnie; I would rather they were somebody else's. But the whole thing is so nicely planned, and so absolutely safe, that I really haven't the heart to pass it over. It would be a shame. By the way. was there no letter for me by the last mail?' 'There's one on the mantelpiece,' replied the old lady. 'I think it's from Winnie Theveney herself.' There was a letter on the mantelpiece — a dainty pink missive, addressed in a lady's ,hand to 'Miss Endalie Verpoint, The Well House, Gunnersbury, W.' Endalie looked at the epistle, and a cloud spread over her face for a mere second, and then passed away again. She held the letter between her finger and thumb for a moment. 'I could have wished it were somebody else,' she breathed, and tore the envelope open. The note was dated from 'The Rook's Nest, near Windsor,' and said— 'My Dearest Endalie,— 'I suppose you are fully aware that to morrow is Wednesday? Papa and I are going to drive down to the station to meet the 12.40. We -can come back together. We shall be able to have a lovely chat on the road, and .1 have so much to teil you. The whole place looks like a milliner's shop! If it weren't that the men do smoke so, I should have piled all the things into the billiard-room. Give my love to your auntie, and accept a kiss, only om account, mind you. from 'Tour affectionate friend, 'Winnie Theveney. 'F.S. — Christopher has given me a lovely diamond spray. It takes to pieces, and makes brooch, ornament for the hair, cen tre-piece for a bracelet, earrings and studs, and a lot of things. You will like it when you see it.' Endalie put the letter down, -with a slight shudder. 'If she puts at with the other things,' she said, 'I've no doubt I wall like it. But that ass,' Christopher Churn, knows nothing about diamonds. They're sure to let him in in Bond-street, and sell him some com mon Cape rubtoish.' , CHAPTER H. The Well House, Gumnersbury, was the oldest building for many miles round. TOie ?well from wihieh it took its name In ages gone by had furnished a water supposed to be endowed with great keating propert ies. In the early part of tike last eenitury, it was a resort of the semi-fasMonaJble kind, and delicate dames used to drive out from thfir mansions in Mayfair, with the ri§e of ?the morning sun, to drink the Gunnersbury ?waters. But the water, it would appear, lost its healing properties and its reputation, and the glories -of the Well House departed, '.never. .to, return. After that, the, Well House passed througii over a 'century of various vicissitudes and fortunes.. -It was at one ?tame the residence of a fair lady' of the period, who there held her mimic court every Sunday, and in the reign of. the lost of the Georges it was the proper-ty of the fair lady's son, who gambled it away, to gether with the rest of Ms belongings. Liti gation ensued, and the Well House, 'with all that to it pertained, was thrown into -that abyss of destruction, Cihamcery. TSiere it remaaJied UmtSl^a few .yearns pre vious to the commencement of our ihistory, acquiring daily a more firmly established reputation of 'being haunted by the ghosts of its *prevaous'.oTra0rs. TJie walls were mere tottering staokls of masonry, overrun by -ivy and. otflner -creepers! ifbe- ?woodwork rotten. ISfe arontwork crumbled beneafSi the touch, and the garden was, In summer, time,; one lov-3y jsva&emes;^of uniraonimMaed.' ?glory.' ??'. ? . . ,V. '- .,c ? ?,.. ?; *,.' .. :^ !???'.: N A day arrived Ttfbfin the Gourt of Chan cery, lined of liBs 'work of deistfaetlon, de termined to sell the place, and Mrs. Hall, Bndailae's aunt, bought it for- the proverbial gong. Bricklayers, masons, carpenteirs, and. ?so foteQi, ?weaje-eet *o ?work, vand the result was a pretty,' comfortafWe, modern valla, provided with everything -tJbat could make fife enjoyable. (To -be continued.) 