Really, thii social world moves with extra ordinarily quick slops. Metr regarded with an unexpressed surprise fclio suppr'eessioii of women ili the habit of gnnmmt. We. bo'ro/witli them when they adopted the: - tailor-made habits, wrested from our bosbiiis ; our. stiids mid shirt fronts, t; took to the white- breasted garment we thought it was our privilege to wear, and emphasized tho cut of our coats. ' Wo have wit nessed even tho " spectacle of Indies exliibiling tliunisolvus.in garter boots, but it is hai'5 upun us when tlioy attack that most chorishod of our iustitutions— our. sucks. Yet, strange as it may 8qem, thu .fiiit. of Fashion has gbiio'fbrth, and henceforth ladies must lie stockingless/ aud wear short sucks. This is nob nonsense ; it is uIihu- lufely tho latost Piirisiini fashioii. In tlib capij- till of frivolity thousands of maids and matrons have already adopted the short sock. .Their idea is an oxeuso, " Well, my-dmr," it maydbe indolioata, but. it's fetching 'when" you iire un a bicycle." These tilings teach us bow, revor lutipuiiry is tho ago we live in. Heavy liousot fathers uud very solid' matrons ai;'o now' to be seen riding bicycles, some of. whipb iire only thirty pounds in weight. Ghosts fly around on pnonmatic skates at a pace of over twenty miles an hour, lifting tho thoughts of average humanity towards his revolver. Womon .walk over men's heads in the schools, and undercut us by cheap labour iii business., /Are they iiii'y. '.thii better of for what thoy osteon! their successes ; if. is for them to enquire. One of the curious in; stances of the movomont is to bo observed. in Collins-street, Melbourne. Butcher's ..Row, \ns the enstorn portion of it usod to -bo termed, 'i8 now pinotically "To let," whilst on riiagiii cciiit suburban palacos you seo tho inscriptions, Dr Grnco— — I Or Dr Cmistnnco- — 1 or the nnmos of other feminine qualified mod's. Their both- nutition — and oulv u few of thorn now liava Col- lins-streot oluunbora — has practically crushed tho business. The medical profession, like others, is sadly and seriously changing with the times! As tho hours of lunu's sunrise and sunset mark thcmsolvos on the dial of Time, we realise that ouch year wo are approaching conditions which seem to us to have an oerie aspect. . The lifo of humanity no longor travels on its old planes, nor is influenced by the older methods. It is New, Now, all Now, and the veterans lay superfluous on a sceiio the lidos of which they never thought of. It is only necessary to compare tho carica tures of Hogarth or Gilroy, with those of Lon don ' Punoii,' ' Ally Eloper, ' or! ' Scraps ' - to see how eiitirely haB the social world been inter- voluted. The few old Tories left, bred iu&diflerent; atmosphere, still cling to the ideiils of their youth with the conviction that Time has ; passed them by. Theirs' wins to 'conquer and fultil the mission of their' predecessors, having; the world well airod for them, and the' paths of 'pleasantness fitted.to tlioir foet tp miike fh'e.b'est of their lifo/- for;whioh. the pioneers had prepared the way Frequently; it appears to us that Australians do not Wo their land,4'' with love' far, brought'! that they nccept too much conditions, as they seem forgetting the work of the pioneers, who had to how dowii the forests ere thoy could build the towiiB. This idea is. largely a mistaken one.' Tho interior towns, though 'mado,' have ! now to he kept.' Thoy must.be nourished iind supported'! and by no -fuinished : nutrition.; ' They must got tliuir. liyiiig . from tho districts Burrounding them; We i siiiiply liuild for/the generations of, our suo- ccsspni as hoes makb. their, hivo. But tho essen-! tial folly; ,bf- our ; human life is that : wo' so rarely . build - asi! the hoes do. - Thoy seek .not tbdisoliurgb'the deht bu their hivo ; they are born and die, and. leave it to the Future'-;! The vanity of humanity seems to' mako itruha ware of what a truinpqry qvaiiesc'ent eplieiherbh it is. .The men of a gene'ralibn - wliibh is but tin episode in ..the movembnt8' ' of- 'tho uiiivorae— seoin , to- consider thahjiyricw/tho/wqrld/iwheriV-t.a maU ter of fact,, we, lire iill.hut.lifp-'tennhts of a . hoard injinouso.; i'Huniah ;:bbiiigs never , seeih -jt'o get quit of . their . surroundings.,; - Thoy/never/get up into the opon spaces : of - -Nature to witness ! her work by. seashore, and on mountain top; to note tho stealthy power, of the'dawn— tho feeling that poriiieiitos' the - nerves as' the' dying sunset steals away. Mori iind wometi;live their 'petty lives from day tO'day.' ;! Now, fow'ey'br thiiik;thiit' we are" but- ht'omies :wdtirlihg ''throughispaob, kept there by. an. air -pressure,! whioh :hiightbe ox-' haust'edat aiiy inqmbnt/;'' most in. tellectual, -of human beings .over,. realise .how microscopic tljby nre in themhame of creation, which includes > tho coiiBistont propagations of tlinusiinds'bf millions of the human raco annually. These people, are horn undor 'every variety of re ligious bolibf. in'dili'ereiit parts'bf tlio world under curious and < most ditfontiatiiig conditions. We respect that enthusiasm -/of ' humanity .which im- pelsHho'desire to Christianise foreign, races. Yot wo fanoy. there is a 'widerand-more truly; philo- 8ophio. teabhipg,iu tho words ,of. the poet, who tells us— . ' "Andilooking up to Nature's face, ' j /--Toiworship Nature's God." ; ' ! 