ii : .MSTfiAIIAI IlilTfilE. BY FRANCIS MYERS. NOW FIRST-PUBLISHED- ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XX. —(Continned.) Tha hous.of heaven werehigh that night, the pale stars shone out of dis tances palpable as vast. It was indeed a very solemn temple of darkness into which thev entered whenever a plain opened! A faint dull green could be perceived on the grass through which .gleamed frequently pale fnces of ghostly flowers. The timber bolts were black, and in form vague and undefined. They stood around tho open spaces as phantom mourn ers- about some phantom burial- ground. It was ghostly still, A night, to ride in, silence and to listen, a night wherein much might be under stood. - But there was neither under standing nor heeding in that party. They sang wild songs, with. harsh dis cordant chorus. They shook the still air . -with, boisterous laughter. J Not infrequently did a champagne cork bang, and not always did the ladies of the party reject the glass1 half spilled in transit. . The moon rose higher and higher till all forms were fully revealed as in the daylight, and then it may be. as the peace of the night had been rejocted and despised, a little of eerisomness begair to intrude. "There's a devil of a glff'e-p'6t herej"'.sai'd' Charley, tho driver,' " If the ladies wouldn't mind walking round about two hundred yards, I. should be glad." Walk ! Yos, of course they would- walk. Just round the foot of the sand ridge and out to a hard road again.' They "lighted down with more of lis- somness than grace and frolicked away along the foot of the ridge. A low brash fence had to be crossed. ' Julia, rejecting assistance, sprang on to a log and grasped a tall pine sapling running up through the brush. She released Jier hold with a shriok, and fell on the. other side. "What was'/it-ifjiWliat. was it? What did I touch! on that- tree; It is on me now, 'it -is- on my glove l" A match was struck, 'and it' was found that one of the peculiar process? sions of caterpillars sometimes. seen in the bush had chosen to make-; the ascent of that very tree and crushed atoms of their fouliiess were even now' on Julia's glove. -The sight was. dis-' gusting, tho touch corpse-like in" it's' chill. " Full the horrid thing off, pull it off and throw it away The Israelitish gentleman : was with' ber, and he began gingerly enough -.to. pull at the finger ' tips/ " Cut :it; .yqu idiot, cut it If; I- declare it will-, make" me siok." ' ' ''He'bei'gan' to' fuhdqleifora1 knife, and 'Julia stood half shivering. Suddenly, a noiseless black shadow- rushed . between ...them,... q... shapeless thing, felt. rather than seen. It passed with lightning swiftness, and vanished: as it came.' Mr. Hirons stoocLaghast.. " Wha, wha's.;that ?" \ His mouth ,wds open and his knees' 'knocking,' '.hp "did not notice for, a , moment that" Mrs. Wilson had fallen in ti faint. So much perceived, however, ho bellowed lustily," "and'jthe' rest "of" the party came hurrying back. " I say, you know, you shouldn't play tricks like that. Look at her now. D'ye see what you have done ?" Look, you ass ! Can't you move ? Don't you see Mrs. W ilson had fainted ? Mrs. Hay — here, quick !" It was Teddy Jones who spoke, and Mrs. Hay was beside him. Julia recovered her wits, but not her spirits. "What was it, that — that thing ?" " You a bushwoman and not know that 1 It was a moopoo, of course ; wq/ drove him out goiug past his roost." " It wont by me like a ghost, it was black, like an animated ball of soot. Ugh 1 How far is the drag away 1" " It's just Lore. Come along." ." On tho drag more wine was opened, and Julia drank and laughed again, but there seemed a touch of hysteria in all her mirth. Her eyes might blaze at any moment with passion, or might meit in toars. Thus half an hour went moodily, and then came a stoppage. A big mob of sheep had camped noross the track, and started to run, There was no getting through them—nothing to bo done but sit still ahd watoh till all hud raced past. A sort of a oloud upon the face of tho earth they seemed, whoso monotonous znovoment bred weariness. " Devil- ohase them," said Teddy. " Strike up a Gaiety song. Hirons, Y you -ought to kpow 'em ajl, Paid \ fnough to loam 'em, anyhow?' Hirons essayed to sing something desporatoly funny, but only succeeded in deepening the gloom of the whole party. They wore already within tho precincts of a shadow whoso presence forbade mirth. Said young Middle- ton, another of the party, " By Jingo, I feel just like I did at the theatre when poor Fredrici died. Couldn't raise a laugh all through the piece. Did you ever hear of that, Mrs. Wil son? It was 'Faust' you know, and, poor chap, he was playing Mephisto; Had heart disease. Been taking dynamite pills for monthB. Just as he was going down the trap hanged if his poor heart didn't chuck it up. He was a goner in a second. They rung down tho ourtain and got him on the stage. I went behind with the Doctor and it was awful. There were all- the girls with tears washing channels through their paint, and the men whispering about and the Doctor round his head, and lie,' poor Devil — — " , . " . . " What the devil's that?" , . . ... It- was Teddy Jones's "Voice; again. They were approaching ' a gate;1:.' and he was standing up behind the driver, s: " Horses?' Buid- Charley.... " I can see that as well as you, bat . isn't there broken tackle' - hanging about ? . Hev ! By Gad' it's; been a bolt 1 Must have been in the timber. Pull up -slow, CharloyjI'llgot down and collar 'em." ; His bushman's eye - recognised ' the horses at a glance. . Thoy were' George : Wijson'sf. . Hb got; hold of /their heads without troble, and ' colled- out " Come here a couple . of you - fellows, and you hold on, OiiarloyTill'.'bp.tliero.'in- a _ minute." .. A .. flood . of suspiciota rushed through his. inind, and very sober indeed ; did he look approaching the .drag/ ;!,:'! Mrs. Wilson,, they are your, horses. 'Don't get scared - now., There ha3 . been- a; break away, and' they have left the -buggy behind, but there is not the slightest, .reason for suspecting anybody to be hurt. I've, been left the same way scores of' times." -But at tho same. time he did know that there was good cause for suspect ing serious mishap.' 'The horses were cold and clammy to his touch. They! must have been standing :at the gate for hours, and if the driver were, not hurt or dead he would have followed them. "How far's the next gate, Charley ?" ; ''.''Four miles," ' ..'.'.Must; -have been twist this and that tlieni;?, Hay, you had bettor come down with mo; Hirons, you stop up there, and look after the ladies." ; But Julia was already up and wait- ; ing to be assisted down. r " Better, stop where you are, Mrs. Wilson ; there's four miles to walk and the track's bad amongst the gilgais."; : ; " Help ino down," she said ; I am going to my husband." ; He took her in his arms. The glove?' less/hand Which' clasped his own was. cold as the dark coats . of .; the horses. Don't take it so seriously. .The worst w.e .can expect is a broboni leg." ii ! "-Don't talk nonsense. ' He is dead. . She. 'flii.ng uwriy his arm, and walked .straight- through . the gate, hor eyes fixed 'as- it seemed . on some definite object,1 though .nothing could be seen by the others but the long wet grass, the' black track, and not far ahead ii. line of timber, on whoso edgo a few pools of water were gleaming. Teddy Jones was no new chum in the bush, and. had been bred to boss things, ' " Hay, you tivke your wife and keep with her. Don't let hor go too fast, you understand, Hirons, can you bring those horses along at a walk ? Give him the reins, Charley, and come down." Charley dismounted and the two looked at the horses together. One was bleeding from a wound at the shoulder, both had hair and hide- knocked off legs and hips. " It'B been in the timber, that's clear, and if 'twas in the balah they would not take the buggy far. You mount one and keep that side of the track. I'll keep this, and we'll ride down sharp." In two minutes they had rigged bridle reins out of the broken tackle, got up bare-backed and were away, with eyes skinned for any object on tho plain. In fen minutes they were at the balah, and there the search was not prolonged. Charley was first to see tho buggy, and, pulling up, gavo a shrill whistle. Teddy an swered, and foroed his horse through the scrub. But Charley had already dismounted, tied up his horse, and stooping over tho dead body of George Wilson ho had turned tho face to tho moonlight, and himself stared aghast at the revelation whioh was then made. No need to feel for broken limbs. Death was there, his hall-mark ghastly plain. Teddy aBked no ques tions, he snw it at a glance. "She can't be here for twenty minutes yet," was his first thought. Then he knelt down and felt tho body. " Stiff too j must have boon two or thtee hours ago. What is it ? Nock broke? What's hpre? Blood j coat and waistoont soaked I" Ho tore them open in haste, bared the breast, and there fair below the left nipple was a bullot wound. : " By God, it's murder 1 Ho was bringing home gold, and they laid for him. . Don't movo more than you can help, Charley, and look round shnrp. We mustn't spoil the tracks. Walk on your toes so as our tracks will not muddle the others. Look at that, a bough cut with a pistol ball ; there's another soore on that bark, and what the devil's heie ?" He had fallen on the two picks, " These will chance to hang them, if they won't savo him. Pick 'em up and let's get baok to the women." They met the sadly sobered party but a hundred yards outside tho timber. J ulia's white face, a little in advance of her two companions, was set exact as when she dismounted from tho drag. Lips compressed, eyes wide, the mark upon a volcano of passion, remorse, agony, re volt against tho ordainmcnt of all things, she halted as Teddy Jones approached, and before he had time to speak said, " There is blood on both your hands. I did not think there would be blood." Then passed him as ho stood and kept on her way. Charley mounted to tho box seat and took the reins again. Hirons joined tho others, Julia kept straight on her course; seeming to need no pilot. She stopped as the wreck of the buggy mot her view, gianoed around for . a moment, then with one lone ory sprang forward and fell on the breast of her husband. A little wind stole through tho long needles of the balah foliage, wailing, wailing. The silent group BtGod in the roadway, the men bare headed, the women weeping, and the horses and drag waited in the back ground shadowy and hearse-like. CHAPTER XXI. " Oh dark and dismal was the night That passed atwoen they twa." " For the dead body o£ George Wilson was stretched on the floor of the drag, and Julia sat beside. She had no tears. 'The fires of torment , within quenched, them ere they! welled. True she. could not -reproach' 'her self with having- directly caused ;his death,' but was there any other sin possible to bo sinned by woman against man of which she . had not been ;guiltv ? And yet Julia's was a heart- hardening not a heart-breaking sor row. In her passion she cursed God and all the ordinations of fate more even than the instruments of that fate who were directly responsible for the deed. Why should every chance of life be against her? Why should her hus band be murdered in that fashion? Why should she be flung on the world helpless and ill-provided for? Why should anguish meet, her in that lone bush land, as penury,- laok of oppor tunity,' and all the ! privations of a narrow home had, 'done' in the city? If ,a tender or, worthier thought oame it was. with a swift though transient realisation of fullness and earnestness pf the love that man h'ad borne to- ' wards/ her. :-;He; had never doubted. He had flung tho cloak of absolute con fidence and trustfulness over all her sins. .And he .was gone, taken from her,' stolen from her, and the fates of life were as ravishers of all her joy and ; destroyers of all her peace. ' -'She had driven Mrs. Hay from the door. She had said to . Teddy Jones, ."Go where you - will, do what you -will. I shall stav, with him till they (give him to the w'orins." And so, as it seemed necessary to communicate at once with the police, -the drag moved on to the Billabong. ; It was midnight when they, arrived. iThe. police patrol met them half ;q mile from "the camp and galloped on to rouse the inspector. The largest hut ! jvas. vacated forthwith,, the dead body laid out., on the stretchers, and Julia'seated herself on a camp stool at its' head.; i Then came a . very quick and thorough inspection of the two picks. And, oh ! the crowning follies of all -the rogues of. the, world ; ' the initials D.J. and J.O. were cut deep in the handles. " Any of you know the names ?" " Couldn't bo sure." " What are they, blaoksmith shar pened ?" Little doubt of that. "Two of . you ride hard then and bring up all the blacksmiths." But the first to arrive answered the question. . "Yes, I know the handles. Two''; sailor chaps camped in the irenbarks, working on ' Hogan's line; quiet fellows they seemed, too." - Then the inspector loft one. .man only on the camp, and with four others proceeded towards the ironbark. "We will just try that tent," he thought, " though there is little -' chance of getting them there.. He halted while yetthree hundred yards away, and despatched two mounted men to take up positions on opposite heights, from whioh the tent could -be commanded. " If anybody tries to osoape follow and take them. Don't shoot unless shot at, but don't let them escape. If nothing moveB wait further orders," (TO HE CONTINUED. 