pLsniiEo, EVERY T6isnaT AN FnoiDAr s2nd Year. TUESDAY JAEUAR Y "., 18s9. TriE i:Legislative Coduncil is :to be corgratulated` on its redceptionh and treatinment of the Government Tax Bill: Whilst the feelingv was and distinctly is,,.that., the Couibili should reject' tie Bill,. any display:, of class or ..party feeling in connection with the measure would, if showrn,: have been severely censured.;, The position' is' f;r :too critical to admit of class or. party feel ing being arrgnnged =in oppositioi to: the general, welfare, and..the first to rise in indignant- protest against~ any. exhibition of them would have been those .most strongly opposed to the obnoxious Tax Bill--which: in itself menaces, to an alarming degree, the public weal. The debates in the Council have so far been characterised by a critical ability, a modeiation of tone and an evidenced.spiritof patrio tism for which the friends of its mem bers gave them credit, but which may have come somewhat, as, a surprise to those who are fondl of denouncing the Upper Chamber as a -House pledged to. the interests of one class of the. comnliunisty " and ."incapable of taking broad and. liberal views of public -questions. As, we'asserted some time back; the' Council is" every whit as anxious as the Assenmbly' that the finances of the colony should 'be adjusted: and: the national ledger balanced. That this is s6"o the debate so far as it, has:' a prioceded d mply evidences. ll ember, ifter member has declared that there must be no more deficits, and, whilst demand ing, as. 'dcon'ditio6n:'precedentbi to its imposition, further radical re trenchment in State expenditure, has emphatically pronounced for such direct taxation as shall then be neces sary to balance the public accounts. There has certainly not been shown that indecent fear of taxation with whicih the members t ~the Counciil have in ce'rtaiii qarters been 'credited, and ther'ecai be little doubit but thit idespite thefeeling that any't.xa tionii miay V aid"ishould iýbe'I avoided -had anincome,,tax been presented by itself tobth'House it would have :beeh'=cwithoit:--any rtgreatd:, emur assented -to.,: It may now be taken for gfrnt di'tht' the Tax Bill, contain ing~4ithe !iniquitous proposition of a special,.levy, on land, will be rejected the' Goverinment .pdopose'to do under such .circumstances remains a. secret locked inthebreasts of theP eneriem and his colleagues Notluing very despera t if :we-may ejudge from the studiedly moderate tone-adopted i bythe chief Ministerial press organ, the utteranhces of which'may'be taken to be at least \- semi-inspired.-- "-- IT is exceedingly gratifying to'know, that such commendable and, it may be said,' highly patriotic moderation is' likely':.at this critical juncture to be. .shown by both parties. OC eithlir side .there was considerable temptation to the assumption of an extreme aittitude. The one saw propbosed a tax.that it felt would, if. imposed, just aboutcomplete the ruin of. the colony;, the other, must, by party, predilectiaon, ba;ie been' seriously inclinedto bitterly resent any interferehce by the UpperI Hrs fevith" the `finaincial determinations' 1of' the popul;ar chamber. 'The 'first. step towards an'honorable moderation was takeni'?hen the Council decided to debate the bill on its merits;-nwaiving. altogether\the constitutional issue .-aised, and which coild not have been debated withouit engendering party heat. - This has been-followed by the reasonable "'tone of the -: debate itself, .a. sweet reasonableness that. it' may :be believed has communica ted -. itself-- to- Ministers, -and--that it. -may be hoped will commend itself to their following in. the. Asseum bly.- - Much good should come of the delay -that the happily occurring Christmas: vacation lhas created, and eve~, it may be said, of the Goverri ment taxationproposition. It is now, ts "the Treasurer himself admits, im possible. to impose any direct taxation in sufficient time to permit of it rais ing the revenue believed to be required ti balance the accounts of the current year, and. it. is _ equally, impossible to -effect the balance completely by further retrenchment --though much in that direction may assuredly be done at once. The Treasurer must, whatever happens, tide over the year by advances. These, of course, should be obtained on the distinct security thliat they shall be met, either by additional taxation or in some other way. -But fdio' ill" tha teiq~rii ry accommodatibonmust ;on M.r. TURNER'S own showing, be secured.' There is thus nbo reason for undue haste.: The security for the ,adlvances required by. thfe Treasurer should; be .provided .by Parliament by the end of the finanicial year, and they need not be provided earlier. There is thus given time for a' thorough reconsideration, apart from all party, feeling and with quite an open mind, of the financial posi tion. In the satisfactory settlement of'this' all classesyof the coinmunity are deeply concerned, and it is to'-hb regretted that the constitution does noe allow of either a confrence- be- 'ween the two '' Hori?? bf 'Parliament onsuch a matter. or..for.the .appoint-; ment of a joint.committee for.its con sideration. Ifhowev'er-, neither of these courses of procedure is possible, it is still~Popen! to thi i-Ass'emly to resolver itself formally or.j informally, into a committee of the whole,, by which the financial issue. co6uld be dis passionately discussed, with an open mind and quiteo apart :from' whait in the, past has been on the one side su ,,gesed or on'the other opposed• Is' it toon much to 'liope thi t the rejectioni ,by, the Counailo of tl!eTaxBill and this nbow evident inutility of haste mnay .eventuate in the' adoption -of such ai statesmanlike course of action. iVWE E the question thus thor ?ughly enquired, into it would probably be " foundi l ', iithout doing, the slitghtest injustice to any:;. miember of the;' civil service,. there might be, effected .siuch retrench-. mentsin: State expenditure as would imake it possible to?Maise -ill the re venue actually ,required by.a moderate; and equitally? adjusted tax on all in comes, however derived, and that such arrangements'could:be niide as would obviate the necessity for any taxation at all thlisyer. :''t is-aditted onall. halids that the expenses.:bof the State are enormously too high, and that they, should ';be, "an:il must :b'e" re trenched." 'Until tthis'huisbeen donie, until the cost of government has been reduced to the minimum consistent with ; efficiency, no additional .burden: should be placed on the shlulders of a people ill a?blei to ' bea?r 'what it is now. carrying.., What taxation, if any, is ultimnately fouin~d to be neces siry should be fair and all round. Tried by this standard,.the Gorern minet proposition of a.special: levyon the capital sialue of land, must'be at once witdrawn from consideration. If such an equitable adjustment as- we have ,indicated is to be,effected the proposition of the tax, which is partial and unjust,and to accept which would be to saddle .one class .of pro perty with the bull?of:'the burden of revenue .raising, cannot be even con sidered. ' The LandTax' beink pir?cti-: cally :dead, it is unnecessary, in :this connection to do more than for nially protest agiiiist the land in terest, wvichof all interests isthe.one now suffering most,being called uiponto pay five-sixths; of the. supposed dte ficiency, and against the proposal to tax the landowner heavily 'on his prin cipal, whilst everyone else escapes with a moderate levy on his.income. The. tax is. bad in principle, is radically unjust, 'arid: the defectireness"of its' details becomtes' aparent as they are examined.: ,This examination we hive,:from time to.time, made and do not propose to repeat it here.' WVe merely say , that in , working for any satisfactory . solution ..of the i financial ,: problem the Land 'Ta-x . must be' left out of count. Thnt such a silutiroii m`ay be arrived at we are confident, arud if there is a failure to arrive at it either the patriotism or~ the'`intelligehce of our governors, ,ior both, will ;be! at fault: The opportunity for delay and time in which to j exhaustively considererthe position. has been created by, the Council; and by the adoption .of some such.proposal for judiciously realising on State assets as that riiade: by ::1r. HAsisriF: till further timeie "could •be secured. `' . :Yesterday the. weather was more season able and pleasant, but farmers:ivould wel-. come even brighterk days to to enable hars. vesting; operations, w which bhave ibeden so seriously delayed,: to, be proceeded with: To- day's.Observatory forecast is: Moderna tely fine, bhut cloudy: to gloomy weather.; variable! winds, chiefly ,ooth' add soitth easterly:; slight ior rather roughtseas.:In Soith Australia alse til weateher lias been' unusually vet adtlie ObserCcr correspon dents reports as foilos :-.At Or?i oron dur. ing Christmas week the rainfill'irasie~rly 4 inches; at Brinkworth the downpour was so heavy :that a mile and a half of the railway line was washed away ; at Yiika lilla heavy rain fell, and, although most of the hay had been carted, great damage was caused, to the crops; at Moorchard nearly 7 i inches fell betweenDecember.l2tlh and 27th, proving most disastrous to the wheat;' at Kapunda 2 inches fell and reaping had to bel sispended ; at'Koolnngalthere Ise're over 4 inches,-and ih is feared that the the farmers had finished reaping. The aversge yield will be aboat 5 bushels. Some of :the best crops have been: cleaned, up and have; gone from 8 to 16 bushels. The hay crop was - heavy, and a good. deal has been, cut this .season.; ThePinds, correspondent repors1 ".Tiei average yield ofhay wastabout thriee. quarters of a ton to the acre, and of wheat 9 liushels. 'This yield is confined to thde Hidr d edi if'Gregory, beut is` the 'Honodr " bof Pinda' it is something dreadful.' S?e farmers have no wheat at all :,others half a bushel to the acre. The cause of this is that there was not sffilciest i'in toi cause tlie seed to grow and so it perished io the soil. I have nodicdI that whajt rdain we have .had has been, confined to certain localities, and whereas in osi-Jlcaclity the roads were in a feaEfill?tate'tliose at a dis tance of say eone or*one and a half miles awvay were perfectly dry. It' is now rain iug, rnd hiMs beeni:fothoelttv two"days"with: scarcely any intermission. Farmers are looking gloomy, for they fear that the rain has. stopped them from cleaning their ;wheat, and what has been cleaned, having been left in the fields, is likely to get wet." As indicating the 'd iiformly uperlor quality, and conscquent,.popularity of, fae-; tory-made butter,.a leading Horsham store-' keeper yesterday informed ai Times repre sentative that,,whereas he had no diftfiulty in disposing of butter from the Horsham and Pimpinio factories at 10d a lb., he could only by effort get rid of the best samples of the dairy made article at 6d. The factory. made bittjer has gained the confidence of the public, and its popularity has evidently come to stay. District farmers not yet connected with the factories will do well to heed the significance of the testimony thus given, by a quite disinterested and sing-. larly competent authority, and, following the direction 'to which it plainly points, resolve to throw in their lots with the factory companies and, by becoming sup plying shareholders, reap all the profits tlhere are in the undertaking. :To-day is the last day for'making pay. ment on account of auctioneer's licenses, .The name:of Mr. Attwood's successor in the -head-mastership of the Horsham State School, which has been made vacant by the transfer of that gentleman to Ashby, Goelong, has. not yet transpired, if indeed, which is unlikely,he has yet been appointed. It is not:probable that the regrading of the school-- consequent on diminished atten dance-and Mr. Attwood's removal will involve any other changes in the staff, at leait at present. The Leader for last week contains an interestieg articte upon the West Wimmera crops:, It's ito; be feared thiat te:special, reporter's doleful anticipations of a week or so ago.are even ioo.eanguine.in-the-light of what has since transpired. There is some difference of opinion as to the amount of actual loss that^ viii prbably result froin the unseasonable syeather,.bitt there canbe little doubt lit6bt that: very; considaerable damage :liasa becdonle by'the exceptionally heavy taiufalls of tlhe past' few weeks,' ncore dartieularly those accompanied by, stiong winds. ' In December 3 inches 86 point`Fof rid?iii fell, in 10 days,: ani'=oni Friday last ll0-pdlits were registered- st Hbrsham, andl on Saturday 16, making a totaffal of . inchies 12 points in 12 (not consecutive) days. Nothingof the kind has occurred 'intheiWimmerasinceabout I0 years back, ,ihen there wvas in January a registered fall of 5 in hei 50 points in three days. The sanmmrs of l170, 1871.and 1872 ioere also unusually s?et In none of those years was the damage ??one to thei crops very great; though the ?work of: harvesting was made, oft course, ver muich more difficultel nd expensieh . c Maiiuy. .farmers hope that tliis",year ,the , damtage :will be .confined principally to the hay and eats,;which have suffered severely, and that the wheat yield: will: 'lt ::be': tnmaterially 'affected... This bopinionhis .not, lhoiveer,' by' any means universal,'and not i? few. agriculturists fear both the yield 'will be !made less and 'the slunple' of liheat, in appearance at least, greatly depreciated. tis friends will be pleased to know that the town clerk,who for thepast fortnight has beenseriouslyill, has madesuch good progress udder. the treatment of Drs. Cross : and tWatson;?,that on ;Sunday:he was able to leave his room for a few? hours.n Mr. MicArthnr.is still, of course, very weak,; anld it will probably be some weeks: before he is able to resume duty. He proposes re cruiting his strengtli at the seaside. The .adjourned meeting of the Arapiles Shire Council will be held to-day, when the applications invited for the' combined. pdosition of shire secretary and engineer will be considered, as will also a reply that. has been received from .the: Public :Works De paertment to 'the council's request that the Department will hold- an enquiry into the circumstances of the'fire by which the shire hall and offices, with their conteits; iiclud .ing the books and municipal 'records, were recently destroyed. The nattre'ot the reply has not been divulged, but it is understood that the department refuses to concern it self in the matter. and insists, upon the council itself taking wlhatever steps may be considered necessary or expedient. The monthly meeting of the :Borough Cduncil Will be held this evening. The principal business is the strikitig of the ratefor the current year. ;Unfortunately thre fungous disease, much dreaded by vignerons, known as n black spot," has msade its appearance in many of 'the vineyards about Horsham and'threatens. to play sad havoc with the approaching vintage. Almost all the vines have been more or lessaffected,and the expected yield, which a few weeks ago promised to be veleoImely heavy, swill, it is feared, he re duced by at least one-half. The disease is snpposed tol have been brought over, some tine back, iti a few vines imported from Adelaide, and, developing in the vineyards iii Which these were planted, spread to others in the district.. The pest is one that will lie dormant in vines for inonths. or even years until it is brought out by favor able natural conditions., These are such as have, unhappily, been experienced during the -past few weeks-heavy rains accom panied -by close humid weather. The dis ease .islocal rather tlian constitutional-and its eradication does not, as in' the' case of the siore deadly phylloxbra, involve the destruction of even those vines affected. The best autidote to the, pest is believed to be , a solution of :sulphide . of .iron, but - this., obviously : annot be, applied until thie -grapes have been I picked. An application of powdered sulphur i is recommended. :as an interim treatment. Upon the presence of the disease :being ascertasined Mr. 'R. ' G;' Finchamn placed himself in communication with' the Minister of Agriculture and asked that the: Govern mnent entomologist, Mr. French,'should bue instructed to visit the district, i?spect the yineyatrds a;nd make a' recomnendation as to the best means to be adopted to get rid of the pest. Mr. Taverner, acting "vithl commendable and gratifying promptitude, has replied by wire that Mr. French has been instructed to visit the district during 'tlhepr'eseent wceek.' ":. ' - Tihe friends of Mr. John Bond, of Nhill, and formerly of Irosham cvill learn, with regret of the death of his sont, Mr. Fred; Bold, which has occurredeunexpectedly iu WYestern Australia. -He had recently re turned.to that colony and, about Christmas time- h e?as (the .Mail reports) iattackced by typhoid fever, and on New .Year's Day he sdecenmbed to the disease insthe.Fremantle HIEse tal. The deceased eras .vell known throughbut the district and was deseri'edly esteemed on account of his many'excellent qualities . " ia.r . Br iady, who for thep?apnt i years 1:has ua as i~iiectdr of permalnent way at Horsham li.as reeived nbtice from the Racleroy Department of hcu transfer to Ararat. He ex~pect tdo leae about the 14th inst aind will be succeeded by 1 fcr. Lamb, whosepresenit hiadquartersnare atR Hamil tdn. lIrs1l rady, h1tas proved himself a highly efficient officer, and: .both he and his famnily have made themselves extremely popular i?the', tows. A Amovement is on foot amongst the officers andn men employed oe thesections of the railway system supon which 1Mr :Brady has beena eugagdd: :to presentchhim with a?testimonial or entertain him ibefore he leaves for:his ?iier .'sphere of vork.h Up to within a feit months agosMr. Bradys district, vwiih its hienad quartersuit" iforsham; extended in one directiobn;throgh Murton -aid Warracknabeal, to:Ropetouun in another: to Dimboola, and -oin, third to Goroke uriReiceltlyihowever, it. has been sbdibivided;and the-Murtoa-Hopetoun see tibconplaced under' the charge of a second offiler;tMr. McVeigh, with head-quartersnat Murton. Notwithstanding the depression thie Hor sham Savings Bank continues to ahow an encouraging increase of business. Since lst December the deposits received amounted to £4108S 17s 8d and those paid to £1094 9s 4d, the increase being £3014 8s 4d. There are now 1002 depositors in the bank, with £16,710 18s 8d at their credit The committee of the Ladies' Benevoluent Society held their monthly meeting in tihe Mechanics' Hall on Friday, Mesdames Turner (president), McCalman, Cross, Williams and Miss O'Brien being present. Tie following donations were thankfully acknowledged :-Mrs. Osborn, £1 Is; Crump & Davey, £l s; Mr. James Clark, 1 sheep; Mr. Fischer, quarter lamb; parcel of clothing from Mrs. J. Wilson ; Mr. James Brake, M.P., half a ton of flou:. A letter was received from Mrs. Osborn, regrettiog her inatbility to become a member of the committee. The visiting committee for the nmonth are: Mesdames G. J. Young and Williams. - At the Horsham Police Court on Friday, before Mr. Rowan P. M., the Mayor, and Messrs. Twycross,. May and McCormick J.P:,, Sergeant Molyneux brought up .Ada Priscillia Hutchins, George Hutchins, Heniry Walter Hutchins, Victoria Hutchins and Laura Rose Hutchins, charged with being idle and disorderly persons and with having no lawful visible means of support. The first defendant will be remembered as the woman who, a week or so since, obtain ed a maintenance order against her husband, Henry Hutchins, a butcher at Coleraine, the amiount of which, 7s 6d a week, she at the time objected to as insufficient. She stated to the migistrates on Friday that she had not heard from her husband since she left him nine months before, on account, as she alleged, of his misconduct. She had no means of living and no person, to assist her. The ages of the children ranged from, three to 10 years.- She did not know, where her hutsband as at the present time and she had no money and no means whatever. She had been kept for some time by the Hors ham Ladies' Benevolent Society. :The police reportedd' Huichins to be earning 12s a week,' s a groomi, at Coleraine. In annser to tie bencih the inother stated that if re lieved 'of the charge of 'the' children she wouuld endeavor to obtaini work and pay a small sutn weekly on accouht' of' the main. ltenance of each child. The' bench di;hbrgesd the woman and committed all the children to tie Government Department far neglect= ed children. 'It was ordered that the father should pay 2s' 6d a week and the nmother Is a.week towards.the maintenanice of each child. Returns - from the Congbool m' ining field continue to be satisfactory; Several new leases 'have been pegged out and there is evidenced: an intention to thoroughly prospect the:ground, the possibilities of .whicli 'appear to be considerable. Last iveel- six ounces additional gold were broiught into Horshamfrom' the claim being already sworked there, and which it is in: tended to.float into acompaihy. This makes upiwards of 20 ounces of gold already ob tained from this lease. The men are at pre sent engoged in breakirg out five tons of "pudding" or iron stone cement, which will be forwarded to Stawvell where, by arrange ment with one of the companies, it will be crushed and efficiently dealt with. It is hoped that the "pudding" will yield up to an ounce of gold to the ton. The Beacori, the organ of the single taxers in Victoria, says that the measure for the ilmposition of a tax on the unimproved value of laud left the Assembly in such a muti lated state that all real land traers "would witness its defeat with a consideralle amount of equanimity." The proposal to tax mortgagees, which is characterised as impossible of application, is specially ob jected to, as are also the exemptions sanc tioned by the House. Such as it is, the tax, our contemporary thinks, should for "prudential reasons" be accepted, more especially as its operation may be relied upon to effectually silence those who object that such an imposition will fall heavily on the farming comumunity. It urges that, if thrown out by the Council, the measure should be re-introduced, minus the exemp tions, and that the sugar duties should Le repealed. The Wimmera Shire Council should have met on Friday. As there was no important business for transaction the meeting was adjourned by the president to the 25th inst. The only tender in for the painting of the Borough gardener's cottage was that of Lloyd Gilliam, at £10 Os lld. This was accordingly accepted by the works com mittee of the council, to whom consideration of the matter was deputed, 'on Saturday morning. It is satisfactory.to learn thatarrange ments have been made by which the amount, about £750, for which the Arapiles Shire Hall, offices and furniture, destroyed by fire on the 27th November, were insured, will be almost immediately paid over by the companies interested, the Commercial Union and the South British. The excessive wet does not appear; to have greatly effected the district orchards, the crops on the several trees being gener ally large and the fruit invariably of a good quality.- In a few cases the -apricots have been split by the wet,and the peaches have, in some gardens, lost. somewhat in flavor. Fruitgrowers, have, however, on the whole good cause- to congratulate themselves on having escaped so lightly. Colonel ' Freeman, i insurance, adjuster, will visit Horslinm within the -next few days and -isipect the scenes of the recent fires at Burint Creek and in Firebrace-.street. Accouints are awaiting payment at the Horsham SubTreaisury for S. Maud, Clark & .Hunt, f. Turvey, W.. Richards, IH. lI)ianings, J.: Thyer, : W. :. Theed, S. MWilks, \Virnmera United Trust, Moon and Sinclair, W. Giles," G.. D. Murdoch, A. Scarlett, .Warracknabeal Gas Co., G. H. C. Finek; tR. Marr, 'B. Collins, R. H. Gibbs, H. Meyer; The `public: ill learn with satisfaction that, under the rigorous administration of the affairs of the .Commercial Bank of Australia, by :the present board, the net profit: ascertained to]have accrued from the business of the half-year ended 31st Decem her shows a substantial improvement upoan that of the previous half-year. The crucial test of the baiiking position consists in the amount of its net earnings, and when during au extreinely depressed time an increase, after the closest scrtinsy, is showii there is legitimate roni for hopefulness. It it very pousible, :sya the ,gus,, that the extreme deire?sion of the disheartening year just ended has inclined the public to take by far too pessimistic a view of the future. But the depression will -not last, andawith tihe recovery in the material circumstances of the colony, wahich is'certain to arrive, banking ii commoes with other troubles will doubt less disappear. In': the meantime, it is by nhovwing iniproved results that the banking institutions will again'command thle confi dence of the public. . . The demand fornspace in lthc m-ail steamers to ship lambs, ?c?lves, and rabbits :t Londo-n is large. One eompny ,has informed the Agricultural Department that it intends erecting- it cool chanmber on the Hamilton railway line, and sending from 20 to' 30 .tons of rabbits to England every week for several months in the year. The trial shipments of .rabbits.to London madeby tiem department recentlyrealised ls each, or 5d per head profit iafter paying'the cost of packing, freight, and hiarket charges in London. Rabbits can be trapped here at less thluan half that price, so that the under taking is likely to'be a remiineiitive one. The first shipment of cheese inider theo:iiew bonus regulatious for this ias io will 'tbe made on Satarday in ithe itM.S. Himila?ig. It consists of 68 tons, b?uit had there hi'en space available 20 additional tons,which had been forwarded for shipment, ~iould also have been exported by that vessel. So far as the department has been able to ascertain there will be weekly consigiiments bf cheese from this port to London" during the '?? ot three months. ' r': -:: " -': : I remembler,says a writer in a weekly con temporary, a story I once heard ~f a farmer who had 300 acres of land. He decided that when each of his three daughters was married he would give her 50 acres of tihe farm. So when his eldest daughter took to herself a husband he kept his promise. After that he worked harder and took more care to cultivate the remaining 250 acres, and he discovered that Ihe could raise just as much on what remained as he had on the 300 acres. Again, iwhe the second and third dauglhters were married, the same thing happened. He found by cultivating the remaining 150 acres with more care he could raise just as much as he had ever been able to produce on the 300 acres. I told that story once at a meeting of farmers and after I had finished an old fellow came up to me with a puzzled expression on his face, and said: "I can't account for that. I think that man must have given away all his had land and kept all the good for himself." The last has no. been heard of the Tan. tanoola tiger. Mr. G. Riddoch, M.P., has (according to the South Australian Adver. tiser of Ist January) addressed a letter to Inspector Saunders to the following pur port;-" There are now two Afghans at Mount Gambier who have had experience of -tiger huntingin India. .Theyhave-paid a-. svisit to the Tantanoola district and. made full inquries for themselues regarding the hifistieic of the tiger." These have satisfied " 'them that a wild beast-most probably a tiger-is prowling about the country. They are :willing to: make a systematiot search for him on the following conditions: -They are to be supplied with two horses, two rifles, and £5 worth of provisions. In the event of their capturing the animal they ask for a reward of £100 ; if not they will not expect anything." The Border IYatch .ays :_-' Mr. Riddoch has arranged with Mlr. Gardiner and others to find the horses, provisioes and the reward, and the' inspec. tor is asked to arrange for the loan of the rifles. This lie will no doubt do, and we ,may expect that the proposed' systematic search ;iill bh carried out." ' 'Mr R. Shapland announces great reduc tionsmin the prices of photos. MIr. G. R Hall, dentist, nay be consulted at lnucas' White Hart Hotel on Thursday next January the 10th. Miss Ruth Annabel, physiognomist, notifes in our advertising columns that she willeontinue to gird delineations of charac tcrl at Mrs. Rogers', Baillie-street. Thea fee have been reduced. Mr. Lawson, of Elderslie and ihis family areexerting themselves to make the Charity Ball(to be held there on Wednesday; 16th inst., in aid of the Horsham District Hoepital) a great financial success. Mr. Carter, dentist, will be in Horsham to-morrow and Thursday, and may be con sualed at Barrett's Royal Hotel. 1'e have received from .Messrs. Cranm oond and Dickson, drapers, of Warrnam. bo , a handso:ne sheet calendar, ornament ed vith excellent views of Warrnambool, IIH.ilton, Portland, Port Fairy and other Wstern district towns. The grape crop at Mildura promiseswell. Aa epidenic of influenza is reported to hape incapacitated almost the whole popula tiohof Norfolk Island. Adisastrous avalanche has occurred at thd village of Orlu, in thesoith ofFrance. Si.teen buildings wvere completely demolish edo and 15 persons were killed. lilr. W. Bentley,the well known proprietor of Craig's hotel Ballarat, died 'on Sunday froan acomplication of diseases. 4 lubra, the last wonian of the Penola tribe, hais just died at Yallum. S. A. Ifhere was a net increase of 330 in the smaboership of the A.N.A. for the Septem. er quarter. The, present Sultan of Turkey has been tImeans of establishing 50,000 schools lroughout his empire. The Government has agreed that in the coes of gatokeepers and linerepairers called upon to retire whose pensions will be less than £30 ayear they shall beemade up to that fijsre. The Dowager Empress of China has given such offence by her interference with the aeieirs of State thatlit is proposed to perpetu. lly banish her from the Empire. A French laundry, three stories high, in which 15 persons were sleeping, has been destroyed by fire. Of the occupants eight were burnt to death,the remainder narrowly escaping with their lives. The spectacle presented by the charred remains is des cribed as a terrible one. The Right Hon. Cecil Rhodes, Premier of Cape' Colony, is endeavoring to effect an lliaunce, against the Mahdi, with the Sultan f Turkey. The Czar of Russia and his newly made lridle propose to travel all over Russia and nake themselves personally acquainted with their subjects. The skeleton of a pre- historic bird has teco found in a mound in Idaho, U.S.A. It must have measured forty feet between the tips of the wings during its life time. The way the eight-year-old King of Spain fows to his subjects when he receives their tomage is said to he a sight for gods and en. The day has, says. an English con emporary, passed when Alphonse ran and id his face in the Queen Regent's lap if a stranger looked at him. 'He now surveys the crowd on high occasions with the most aonchalant air, and- then "bends his head rith the polite indifference of an American eiress declining her fifth offer of a ducal ronet.".... A novel shaving record has been estab- - shed by a HIfngarianu barber. He made a Iet of100 florins that he would, on a rail ay journey of twenty-nine ' minutes, from i-ttyan to" Neustadt, shave fifteen men 'ithout'cutting them.' ' The bet' was more at won, for he actually shaved three more an the stipulated number. P. T. Barnum, of eshow fame, died very ealthy, andi there has been a division of se real estate whieli belonged to him, alued at £171,400. This is the last distri ution that'will take.place diring the ' life me of Mrs. arnum.i Tlhe remainder of e estate-worth, it is ,said, about 500,000 dols.-is kept to pay her annuity £8,000. John Ward, James Carroll, and Thomas atthews, described as old offenders, have en committed for trial in connection with cent extensive burglaries at Ballarat. avid Young, James McHenry, Frederick eane and' Michael Sexton, also charged in nuection with the 'sat'e robberies, were Smanded. i -. The Republican Party: in thbee:United ates Senate proposes to amend President. eveland's Tariff Amendment Bill by mitting the incoiee tax and reinserting the ileKnley'wool schcedile. Reginald Saunderson, son of Colonel anunderson, M.P. for. North Armagh, has been committed for trial for the murderiof he .woman, a member of. the ueforttinate ass, whose mutilated .body.ny as found ecently in Kensington? He is evidently insane. In the recent gales experienced off the oast of the United Kingdom 200 fishermen f 'Hull and Grimsby, alone lost 'their lives. The rains, .which are 0o unwelcome in the ural districts" are lilkely? to perove highly beneficial to public health in the metropolis. The body' of a nian found on the beach Sear the; Middle Park bathe~ had been entified as that of Edward Walter Morse, 3 3years of age, son of Mr. Morse, a pen'. ioner, formerly a State school teacher in the iimdeerai' district. The deceased was object to fits, :and it.is supposed that he iedin one of these.. : Robert .,Owen . and,Nankervis,. a mate, ere engaged in cleaning out .a shaft at a endigo mine, 'when' the former fell to the ttom of the ?haft, severely injurinoghim If. Thiere, was some difficulty in getting imp' oing to bad air: S till, ' ite new, was seized ata gcocer's op in Paddigton, 'N.S.W.,' on Friday:." The vlaw of Denmark now gives to every Danish's ibject', man;or woman, the right to" pension at sixty years of age, except in. ses of convicted criminals, of those.who ave frauddlently made over their properties relatia'es, of those who ,haFe 'brought ensel?ne to distress by ixtiavagances, or ho haveo during ,the- preceding ten years eeced relief from the parish, or who have en convicted of mendicity. : . - An Epnglish clergyman who wvalks upon averge of 30 miles a day, though 67 r :of age is' still i :apparent youth and he not a grey hair ie his head. He does a nietch:of about 25 miles to some favorite haent and then takes a leistirely stroll of frtn five to ten miles. . Recently . womani in England accident ally trod on the tail of a cat. The animal turned round and lit her on the back of the leg. She has since died of infective spread inog gangrene, the cause of which was pro. hably tie bite of the cat. A South Australian the other day marri ed her eleventlh usband. According to the Bulletinr her experience is that her marr iages usually fall on Thursdays and her burials on Fridays. Ernest Hosking, the spook eiposing juggler, is a compositor by trade. He can now always secure the walking oft thl ghost,." London uses 200,000,000 gallons of water a day. Hind quarters nof Queensland beef are selling in London at 44 pirilb. J)? ! i Wednesday, 23rd inst., has been appoint ed a publie holiday within the Shire of Ilorung. Mr. Ridgway, Cranbourne, killed a female snake last week on his. farm con taining no fewer than'4lsynung ones. ,. It is estimated that about 80 tons of dried raisins will he sent from Mildura this year. At an eally hour on Saturday morning a fire occurred at South 'Melhourne, by which liartlett's clothing factory was completely destroyed. The datmage done is consider able. i -' It ha Ieeu decided to alhw th farmners of N -w South W\ales the benefit of the Pr ,tIcl ive tar.ff in respect to the crop sown in ISlO and that the Freetrade tariff to come ints, operatinl on July 1 next shalliaot arpply to grain until September 30. This eonces sion will, it is believed, give the farmers a fair opportunity of getting rid of their pre sent crops. A conference of fruitgrowers, convened by the Agricultural Department, will meet on the 25th inst.,at which the questious of lind ing foreign tmadtkets for our fruits and packing atnd freight will be discussed. .lhtn Walker recently died inder chloro form at the Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney. The pont mor t.oenslhwed :tliat the fact of 'Walker not Ibeing a it sublject for an at!esthetic could not have been ascertained during his life. The doctors concet nied have been exculpated from all blamc. A dynamtite explosion occurred at Ire n'anttle, wV.;, last week, 'as the result of which n~tiiy' Biildings were damaiged. A tman sleeping in the vicinity of the explosion was severely injured, but no lives were lost. 'Mrs. Mel)tonald, mother of Flora McDon aid, whlo was murdetledl recently at Rock haiptoi (Q.), attempted to comnit suicide, prompted, as site says, by the apparition of her murdered daughter, who appeared it her bedside. She has recovered frotm her self-inflicted wounds. M. Stanthouloff, an ex-Prentier of Bilgaria. is charged with being an accessory to the murder of MI. I?eltcheff, the Minister of Finance, who in Mlatch 1892 was shot dead whilst leaving a confectioner shop itn Suti. It wtis thought at the time that i lthe dim lighllt the assassin had mistaken M1. Blltcheff for 31. Slambouloff. Investiga lions since made have, itas is alleged, thrown slew and sensational light oni Inhe occur rence. No arrest has yet been made, but the development has created great excite tmeut. 1i. Stanmtlouloff characterises the accusation as monstrously untrue, andll alleges it to be a politilal moveton the part of his enemies. The hurter and eggs shipped to England by the Paratm,.tta. which left Melbourne on November 17, have arrived in excellent condition, and there are fet' breakages anring the eggs. The Stesnmr Severus, Ihaving at the e\t- porf freezing works taken on board 20,010 catctsei of sheep and laml,s, left, Melbourne io Friday. The shipment consisted of cross breds, merinies and cross bied lambs. It will, it is expected.arrive to a good market, as MIessrs. John llitsont and ('oi. are advised by cable that their sheep are selling oil the average at 3di per I,., and lambs tup to 5 I per lb. The London agents ailso advise theln to " have ias Iiny sheep uand Ialnms forwairded for the market in the early spring of M1arch and April as they possibly can, as prices aoe expected to be gold." -, contiectioi ' with thie recent extensive o iobberies in Melbourne, the trial is . eeeding of Williamn O'Neil, chargedi Wtllh breaking into .nMr. Hlenry Berry's store and stealing tobacco to the value of £3501. Alfred Marks. John Mulligan, \il li,t It. Carrah and Harry Ilade, the latter a well-known tobacecni-t at liallarat, are chargld with receiving the property know it to have been stolen. The steel patddle steamer Empress, 2SS tolls, belonging to the London,, ChathIam. atind over Railway Comlpalny, and runnling between Dover and Calais,on Saturday went ashore at the last named port in conseqlellnce of ianaccident to her imaclhiery. She was cars ying the n:ails for Australia and the HIast, iaid wascrowde-d with passeugers, all f whoim were rescued. Whilst a number of prisoners were exercis ing in the gaol yard at Bathurst, N.S.W., on . unrday one of them, Charles 1illiasitn, o ruck another nnlnsd Jallmes O'Connor on th, head with a browm,. - O'Connor dropped unconscious and died shortly afterwards. A stralge occunrrence is reported from Newcastle, N.S.W., by the Alrgu scorrespon dent. At half-past 8 o'clock on Saturday night a young man named II. Fowles was with a Isldy sitting oil the grass at the font of the northern end of the Gaol Hill, when he was struck oil the head by sonie tmissils, whether accidently or wilfully is not known. He was rendered unlconscious, and on re coveting twas' taken to the Newcastle Hospi tal, where it was found he was suffering from compound fracture of the skull. He was operated on, several pieces of hone be ing removed, and le now lies in a very pre carious condition. Parville reltces some interesting fucls up on " The absorption of odors by milk." If a can of milk is placed near an open vessel containing turpentine, tohesmell of turpen tine is soon communicated to the milk. The same result occros ais tegards tobacco, paraffin, asafetida, camphor and many other strong-smelling substances. Milk should also lie kept at a distance from every volatile substance, and milk which has stood in sink chambers should never be drunk. The power of milk to dlisgise the taste of drugs-as potassitm, iodide, opium, salicylate, &c.-is; well known. The primitive custom of kidnapping swneethearts has been revived in the Adria tic. One night recently, near Finme, no fewer than 26 girls were kidnapped by their respective lovers and carried away ou horses, the parents having refused consent to their marriage. These raids are made with the consent of tile girls tlhemselves, andi a few days after tlheir departure the parients and priest think it wisente to give way, iand finally bestow their blessintg. The Mikado lihas conferredl on the Ger man Emperor the order of the Imnperial Clhrysantlemunn in recognition of the ser vices rendered by German officers in the tnuition of the tiilitary forces of Japan. 