ci-iatter' xi " DEAD OR ALIVE !" The funeral was over, and a very grand and stately ceremonial it had been. There had been a long procession of the car- riasres of the county fa nilies, of the Dangerfield tenantry, arid the tradespeo pie of Castleford. The funeral was over, and in the pale yellow glimmer of the January sunset the mourning coaches and the family carriages went their way, and the dead man's adopted daughter was driven back home. The pale'yellovv glow of the sunset was merging into the gloomy grey of evening as they reached Scarswood. Her faith ful friend, Lditli Talbot, who had been with her from the first, was with her still. The blinds were drawn up, shutters un barred, but the servants, clad in deepest mourning, moved about like ghosts, with bated breath and hushed voices, as though the lord of the manor still lay in state in, those silent uoper rooms. It all struck a dreary chill on the heart of Miss Talbot — the gloom, the silence, the mourning robes, the desolation. She shuddered a little, and clung closer to Katherine's arm, who wai white as death, At all times she had been pale, but not like this — never before like this 1 As she had been from the first hour of the blow, so she was still — silent, tearless, rigid'. . She drew her friend's face down, how ever, and kissed it again and again. And Katherine held her tight for one moment and then left her. Katherine was hot alone, however There had followed their carriage from Scarswood another, and that other con tained the heir and the late baronet's lawyer. Mr. Mansfield, the Castleford sclicitor, was talking earnestly concerning that unsigned and invalid will. They reached Scarswood, Sir Peter and the lawyer. The old house loomed up in che chill, grey, wintry twilight. ' I am going to the library, Mansfield,' the new baronet said, with cool familiar ity. ' If you or — Miss Dangerfield want me, you can send for me there. Only this promise : I will come to no terms with her in your presence. What I have to say to her I shall say to her alone.' He opened the library door, entered, and closed, it with an emphatic bang. The elder man looked anxiously after him on the landing. ' What does that little reptile mean? I don't half-like the tone in which he speaks of Katherine. He doesn't mean to — no, he daren't — no man dare insult he/In the hour of her downfall.' Mr. Mansfield sent a servant to an nounce his presence, the French girl, Ninon ; she returned to him in a moment, and ushered him into the room where Katherine sat, alone. . She looked round and held out her hand to her friend, with the faint shadow of her former bright smile. ' My dear,' he said, very gently. ' I do nor intrude upon you to soon, do I? But I could not wait ; I came with Sir Peter straight from the funeral here. As things stand now, the sooner your affairs are settled the better.' She lifted her head a little andlooked at him. ' Peter Dangerfield here — so soon ! He is in haste to take possession. Does he intend to remain all night — and am to leave at once?' ' You are not to leave until you see fit, for a thousand Peter Dangerfields! I don't know whether he intends remain ing over night -or not ; certainly not. thou ' T chruiM say, ii y-'ii object.' .. . ;ht have 1 to object! < The house is his, and everything in it- j He is perfectly justified in taking pos- j session at once, anc. in turning me out if he sees fit.' ' He will never do that, my chile' ; ai.d I think — I hope — I am sure he will act as common justice requires,- and give you at once the three thousand pounds i your father bequeathed to you in that unsigned will.' She half rose from her chair ; a light flashed into her face , a rush of passion ate words ieaped to her lips. But all at once she checked herself — she who never before had checked asingle emotion. She sank slowly back into her seat, and a strange, set expression hardened her mouth, 'You think so, Mr. Mansfield— you think he will be generous enough for that? And it is in his power not to give it to me if he likes— those threejthou- sand pounds?' ' Certainly, it is in his power ; but no one save the veriest monster would think of acting a part so thoroughly mean and base.' She listened very quietly, the shadow of a scornful smile on her face. 'Mr. Mansfield, I'm afraid there is some thing wanting in your knowledge of human nature, in your opinion of Sir Peter Dangerfield You forget that some months ago I refused to marry him — that I even insulted him— my(abominablc temper, Mr. Mansfield. I think Sir Peter is a gentleman who will conscientiously pay every debt of that sort, to the utter most farthing.' ' Well, anyhow, he wishes to see you,' added the lawyer. ' He is in the library. Shall I go and send him here, or would you rather it were to morrow ?' ' Send him now. by all means,' she said. ' Let us see how generous Peter Dangerfield can be.' He got up, walked irresolutely .to the doer, hesitated a moment, then came suddenly back. ' And, Miss Dangerfield — Katherine,' he said, impetuously, ' ' if he should fling his miserable dele back in his face, don't fear that you shall ever want a home. 1 I have no daughters of my own ; come ' with'me to, Castleford, arid brighten the lives of two old humdium : people. Come and be my daughter for the rest of -your life.' He gave her no time to answer; he hurried away, and rapped smartly at the library door. Peter Dangerfield's small, colourless face looked out. 'What is it ?' he asked.' 'Am I to go up stairs ?'. ' You are,' responded Mr. Mansfield, curtly ; ' and as you deal with that poor child in her trouble, may the good, just God deal by you! I shall remain here and take her home with me to-night if she will (come.' Peter Dangerfield smiled — an evil and most sinister smile. ' I think it extremely likely she will rro,' he said. ' The two-storey brick dwelling of Mr. Mansfield, the solicitor, will be rather an awkward .change after the gaiety and grandeur of Scarswood ; but then, beggars mustn't be choosers.' He .walked straight up stairs, still with a smile on his face— still with that exult ing glow at his heart. He opened the door without ceremony, and walked in. The room was brightly lighted now ; Katherine had lit the clusters of wax tapers in the chandeliers, and stirred the fire into a brighter blaze She had left her seat, and was leaning lightly against the mantlepiece, (her hands hanging loosely clasped before her. He took his Iplace opposite her, ard they looked each other straight in the eyes. It was the grave defiance of two duellists to the death. ' Well, Katherine,' he said,' I wonder if your name really is Katherine, by the way ; I must ask Mrs. Vavasor. I came here, at old Mansfield's request, to talk business and money matters. You look like a ' queen uncrowned, to-night, my tall, stately, Miss Dangerfield — not good- looking, you know, my dear , ycu were never thai ; (but majestic and dignified; and' all that sort of thing. And yet there isn't a beggar in the street of Castleford poorer than y ou. She stool silent, looking 'at him. How his eyes gleamed ; how glibly his (venom ous tongue ran. His little form actually seemed to dilate and grow tall in the hour : of his triumph. ' And that other night,' he went on ; do you remember it,Kathie? Oh, let me call you by the old familiar name to the last ! That other night when I— a poor, pettifog ging attorney, as I think I have heard Mr. Dantree call me — I had the presumption, in the conservatory, to ask you to be my wile. It was presumptuous, and I richly deserved the rebuff I got for my pains.; I deserved even to be called a ' rickety dwarf ! ' You served tie right, Katherine, and now, in return, 1 am to come before you to-night, and offer you three thousand pounds — mine uo give or keep, as please.' He paused, his whole face glowing" with sardonic light. Hers never changed. ' Go on,' she said, in a perfectly steady voice. ' Katherine,' he said, ' 1 can do better for you than that. What is a pitiful three thousand pounds to the late heiress of eight thousand per annum ? I can do better for you, and |I will. Why should you leave Scarswood at all ? Why not remain here as mistress still with me ?' ' Go on,' she said, again, in the same steady tone. 'Need I speak more plainly?' He drew a step nearer, and all the devil of hatred and malignity withiri him shone forth in the gleam of his eyes. ' Then I will — it would be a' pity for us to misunderstand each o.thorin the least. Last September 1 asked you, the heiress o /Scarswood, to be my wife. You refused — more, you ' grossly in -ulted me. To-night I return" good for evil. Let us forgive and forget; j As lord and master of-.Scarswnod, I offer j you again a home here — this time not I as wife, but as my mistress 1' The atrocious word was : spoken. His hate and revenge had given' him a dia- | bolical courage to say what he never would have dared to say in cold blood. But at the last word he drew back. He was a coward to the core, and she had shown herself before now to have the fury of a very panther. And they were alone. She might murder him before he could reach the door. His first impulse was flight, and she saw it. . ' Stop!' see cried , and he stood as still as though he had been shot. ' You cowar J! You cur!' No words can tell the unutter able scorn of her low, concentrated voice. 'You' have said it, and now hear me This is your hour — mine will come! And here, before Heaven, by my dead father's memory, I swear to be revenged. Living I shall pursue you to the very ends of the earth — dead, I will come back from l.e grave, if the dead can! For every word you have spoken to-night you shall pay dearly— dearly! I have only one thing left to live for now, and that is my ven geance on you. The fortune you have taken 1 will wrest from you yet ; the shame, the misery, the disgrace that is mine, you shall feel in your turn. I swear it! Look to yourself, Peter Dan gerfield! LiSing, I will hunt you down ; dead, I will return and torment you! Now go!' She pointed to (he door. .He looked back at her once as she stood there, the leaping firelight full on her white face and black robe, and as lie saw her then he caw her sleeping or walking all the rest of his life. Then the door closed, rnd Katherine was once morp alone. 