TOO MUCH ALIKE. The close of the year 1866 fonnd ine steerage officer on board of the United States ship , commanded by Captain S , and lying in the harbor of San Francisco, bound on a cruise in search of the Confederate steamer Shenandoah, which was at that time burning American whalers in the Okhotsk Sea. "While recuperating after our long voyage around the Horn the younger officers of the ship were wont to make frequent visits to the shore. Cards and billiards were our usual amusements, and in following these pastimes we sometimes found ourselves in queer placps and often in dangerous localities; for 'Frisco was not the place then that it is to-day. In those days the city was infested with some of tiie worst characters and rascals that ever existed. Upon the night in question all agreed to go in uniform, and as brass buttons and shoulder straps were the predominating feature in our uniform in those days, it was ^difficult for the landsmen to distinguish between the dress of the steerage and that of the wardroom officers. Sometime during our perambulations on shore I found myself separated from my companions, and after walking about for some time chanced opposite the "Palace Saloon"—one of the most magnificent but most lawless places which then abounded iu the city. Being ready for almost any adventure I strolled in and culled for a bottle of wine; being pretty well supplied with money I was not long in picking up acquaintances. I was eventually invited to take a hand in a game of billiards and soon became absorbed in its fasciuations. The room was well filled with a cosmopolitan crowd. While waiting for my opponent to mako his " fun" I noticed a group whose appearance marked them as belonging to the gambling fraternity fixing their glances upon me, and now aud then en gaging in a whispered conversation. The game being finished a trio of the group approached me, aud smiling blandly invited me to join them in a cigar and a chat over a glass. I readily assented, and we adjourned to an inner room which was elaborately furnished. The trio sat directly opposite me. Happening to cast my eyes in their direction I de tected a hasty glance pass between them, and immediately one of the trio arose, and passed out of the room and closed the door. At the same time I heard the peculiar click of a lock and like a flash it dawned upon me that I was a prisoner, Bising to my feet- I demanded an ex planation of such conduct, but received in return a malicious sneer. One of my companions without a word then drew from his breast a murderous-looking dagger. I saw at once that murder was contemplated, and springing into a corner of the room prepared to sell my life as dearly as possible. My only weapon was a small clasp knife which I usually carried about my person. Placing my thumb upou the clasp in order to prevent the blade from closing upon my hand and thereby disabling mc, I awaited the onslaught which I was convinced would soon come. My two assailants withdrew to a corner of the room: tbero one of them taking from his pocket something which looked like straws or matches, they proceeded to draw lots. Presently I noticed the smaller one of the two suddenly turn pale. Beaching out his hand he received t he dagger from his companion aud deliberately proceeded to measure off about five inches of its blade. He slowly approached me and I felt that the critical moment had arrived. I fixed my eyes upon those of the assassin as he slowly approached me, and upon meeting my gaze ho seemed baffled for the moment and be paused as his eyes rested upon the knife which I held in my band. He did not seeni to know the exact nature of the weapon, so he retreated a few steps. The man's com panion, seeing him hesitate, made an ! effort to urge him on ; but to no purpose, and finally they both withdrew to the further side of the room and again held a hurried conversation. Turning toward? me again the one with the dagger lay down on the floor, in order to be below the range of my weapou, aud working | himself towards me prepared to strike ; poising himself upon his right arm and [ foot, with the dagger iu his left hand he made a fearful lunge toward me; the blow fell short of its mark. I assumed the offensive. Throwing the whole weight of my body forward upon my left foot I lunged forward, but missed my opponent owing to h;s low position on the floor. Seeing that I was about to force the fight my opponent lost courage and began to sob and cry like a child, and refused to renew the attack, although urged on repeatedly by his companion. "While this was going on the suspense to me was terrible ; I dared not force the fight, as it was two to one, and I know that if I left my corner it was sure death. Losing patience the other assassin seized the dagger from the band of his companion and prepared to renew the attack. At this moment the door was unlocked and opened, a stranger rushed into the room, and seizing the hand that held the dagger exclaimed : " You fools, this is not our man ! " The would-be assassins immediately fled, and turning to me the stranger cautioned me to leave the place as quickly as possible. I did not stand upon the order of -going, but fouml my way out upon the street in quick time. Passing down the street I ran upou an old friend, Detective Allen. Upon seeing me he exclaimedr: " What is, the matter—you look as if you bad seen a ghost! " I related to him as briefly as possible my adventure, and he assured me that I was lucky to escape with my life, as I had been iii the most dangerous place in .'Frisco. I spent the rest of the night with my"friend Allen and early the next morning went on board. The same day we left for the Okhotsk Sea, and on returning some two months later we were surprised to hear that Lieutenant Mar shall, Uuited States Navy, had been •foully murdered and found"lying on the street near the " Palace Saloon." Great excitement prevailed in naval circles he cause of his death, and the most strenuons efforts were made to discover his mur derers ; lmt they were of no avail. The excitement soon died out, and shortly after our ship was put out of commission and her officers and crew onlered East. Upon arriving at New York I was ordered^ to tho Naval Academy at Annapolis. I was one day strolling about the .ancient city when I observed an elderly gentleman approaching me. Extending his hand he greeted me cor dially, exclaiming, "Well Lieutenant Marshall, how are you r when did you arrive ' Before I could offer auy explanation his arm was drawn within mine and before I knew it I was at his doorstep. I immediately informed him that he was unstakou, as luv nauie was Mate M , United States Navy. He could hardly bo convinced, and would not accept my explanation until he had called one of his daughters, with whom the lieutenant was intimately acquainted. 1 he moment she saw mo her woman's wit detected the mistake; hut they all declared that they never saw two persons who so closely resembled each other. The circumstances of that eventful night in ban Francisco came vividly before me again, and after pondering awhile the whole mystery was solved. It seemed that Lieutenant Marshall had given offence to some of these worthies who frequented tho gambling saloons, aud f they had sworn to take his life at the I first opportunity. The resemblance | between myself aud their intended i victim had indeed nearly cost me iny I life. 