NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTiS.") What is rightly described as a peculiar law point Is now under consideration of tlie Victorian law anthoHties. An officer of the poilco force had left by will to a priest ot tlie Roman catholic Church the sum of £20 to be spoilt in Masses for tho repose ot his s'otil. Tills Is a common enougn pro ceeding on tho part of members of tliat communion who happen to have funds CnOUgli for tho purpose In view. The amount was tlniy forked ever by tlib dead man's executors; but tho Chief Clerk in Equity has disallowed payment, as being contrary to an Act of the reign of Henry VI., making gifts for such purposes illegal. With this particular case, whloh is sub Judlce, I have no concern. But that law of the sixth Henry lias becii so completely un- unknown to or disregarded by most of us ever since, (hat any reference whatever to it at this stage ot tho world's history seems in questionable taste. That a Parliament of Henry the Sixth's tiino should stretch its bony fingers down through tlio centuries, and prevent the property of a policeman of the Victorian era from being disposed ac cording to his wish is an absurdity. As tho law passed by the comparatively amateur legislators of that day has apparently hot been repealed, the theory on the subject Is, of course, that It represents our own most fin do Steele views. But tlie theory doesn't fit in with the facts this time. That law is one of dozens thill would have been repealed many a generation back If tho people who make and repeal laws had known of it. They did not know of It, lie- cause public administrators, rocbgnlsing It as a back number, winked the other eye In cases to which It could have been ap plied. Consequently, very considerable sums have boeii given by British subjects means of Alasses In all parts of tho United Kingdom, its colonies and possessions, and due spiritual consideration In Masses re ceived. Continuing these remarks, without refer ence to the Victorian case, and with all respect to Henry the Sixth, I would like to remark In the manner of the South Aus tralian Premier that it was like that mon arch's cheek to expect the people of this great and glorious land to obey his laws, if ho did expect It. There is no good reason In these times why a man should not be allowed to devote his material substance to the Betterment of his spiritual part in any way ho chinks best. To hand over to his Church certain subsidies of coin on the understanding that its offices will bo exer cised In Ills behalf 13 not to Inflict the smallest wrong on anybody elso or to inter fere. Anybody's right to sueer (In an un dertone) at the proceeding, and to talco different means for the cave of his own soul, or no means at all. remains Intact. Tho present- day interpretation of the best kind of law-making Is that nobody should force another to do anything repugnant to him which cannot be unmistakably shown to bo in tlie public interest. While tho success ful distiller, or the brewery king who owns scores of low-down hotels in which physical and moral ruin are sold over tho bar. Is permitted to patch up Ills badly-damaged soul for heaven by sticking spires on Cath edrals, or liberally "shouting" Illuminated windows, and while moon-eyed pagans aro permitted to do tho square thing between tho incensed god and their own unrighteous friends departed, a police officer, who also has a soul If lie has no vote, might bo left to his own devices for saving it. In yesterday's news from Alelbourne aro two items which seem to lit in with each other to a certain extent, and have "a sort of general dovetailedness," as Nicholas Nickleby's critic said of the dramatic uni ties. In one case a poor woman was told, just by way of a joke, that her son had been drowned. Thereupon she very natu rally swooned away, and tho worst of pos sible consequences aro feared. In tho other case numbers of women and children, hav ing been terrified almost out of their senses by ghostly appearances at South Yarra, some members of tho sex which promises to bo at a discount some timo or nnotber took the matter in hand. They also took in hand a youth named Stanley Barrlngton, who, got up in very frightful seeming as a combined devil and ghost, had been out en joying himself, and who will bo dealt with tinder the laws. There are not In the laws, though, lightnings to scathe or scorpions to whip tho backs of such fools as play tho ghost, or tho coat, with practical Joko3, that often lead to the mental ruin or life long suffering of the unfortunates at whoso exponso they are practised. The law lets these asses down altogether too lightly. It is only occasionally that pootic justlco overtakes them, and then some strong sane man. too mad at something that has been done to think of the law, grabs a ghost in the act, and bashes him out of recognition. The frlghteuers of women and children by way of a lark deserve the worst that well- laid schemes which have gone agleo can bring to them. I once bad the pleasure of seeing a very aggressive practical joker for men only hoist with Ills own petard to an inconceiv able altitude. Ills speciality was "the great funnel trick," a popular form of enjoyment which prevails largely In back-blocks ho tel bar. For this there Is required a pen ny piece, a funnel, a pint of Ico cold water, and a "human mug." The operator sticks the funnel inside the waistband of his pants balances the penny on his forehead held well hack, and by a swift dexterous move ment tilts It Into tho funnel. This ho challenges tho victim to do in a given number of tries, stimulating blm thereto by a light bet. AVhen the other essays to do the thing, and has his head held very far back to balance the coin, tho smart, person suddenly pours a pint of ice- cold water into the funnel, and goes away hastily if he Is not prepared to fight for his life. Usually the "mug" gallops out Into the open and asks the skies to fall, Implores Omnipotence to strike flat the thick rotundity of tho world, and crack and spill each germen that makes ungrate ful man. In the Instance I have referred to the "mug" whom the joker had in view happened to know all about tho business in hand, while pretending ignorance. And when tho smart person was demonstrating how tlie thing could be done tho iunocout one poured flat alo Into tlio funnel, and afterwards, in a few well-sustained rounds, dealt It out to Ills would-be victimises in tlie back yard. Tlie Hon. Joseph Cook had better be more careful in the matter of language. He is becoming something too studiously Inoffensive and oratorieally Gladstonlan. Here are two extracts from Ills latest speech to his constituents; "Ho believed, however, that the heart of tho people was sound, and that in democracy, guided by clear, cool brains, there was nothing to bo afraid of." Also, "So long as they could feel tho ground firm beneath them they need never bo afraid of stepping cut of the old tracks." This will hardly do. It is altogether too closo to tho manner of the grand old all-round conversation alist on a memorable occasion when asked at one ot his meetings what the Liberal policy could do to better tho wages of engineers or find them regular employ ment. He admitted that he could not on tho spur of Hie moment satisfy tho Inquirer With anything very doflnlte bull ad ded, "I have no doubt in my mind that the softening processes now at work upon the foundations of society will teud to greatly ameliorate such unsatisfactory con ditions as prevail among thu working mas ses." That made the questioner keep his ltcad shut for thu rest of tlio night, and fetched the crowd, but there was not a pennyworth of sense or meaning in It. Air. Rigg. tho member for Newtown-St. I'cters division, was with tho deputation which waited on tho Railway Commis sioners on Tuesday regarding workmen's tickets. 