Public Sleeting. At the conclusion of the business session a j largely attended public meeting was held in the lecture hall. Proceedings were opened with devotional observances, conducted by the retir ing president, Rev. W. Whale, who subse quently intimated the appointment of the new president, the Rev. J. B. Sneyd, whom he in troduced with a few commendatory remarks. President's Address. The President in the course of his inaugural address to the association said he was one of the first horn sons of the Baptist church in Queensland and one of the first members of that church, for it was about 37 years since first he heard the Gospel from the hps of one whose memory so many of thera revered, the late B. G. Wilson, who it was that urged him to become a. preacher of the Word. Sinco then denominations which had combined to worship in one building in the early days had become large and national , organisations, and must continue to become great factors in building up national life. It seemed now the rule that the president of a religious convention was expected to address himself to questions of anxious importance in science and religion, such .'is the inspiration of the Scriptures, the higher criticisms, socialism, church union, new theology, and new pnlpits. These must be re garded as weighty matters involving great address and taxing to tho utmost the powers of those who might deal with them. He had, however, not selected any of these questions as j the subject of his address on that occasion, for ho preferred to leave them to be treated by others whose genius, learning", and experience qualified them to deal with the subjects. He proposed to address himself to the subject of consecration, considered as an inspiration, as a fcource of power and influence, aud as a factor enabling them to achieve success in Christian work. On the vast sea of humanity every man exerted an influence. Since he believed that there was not sufficient grasp on the part of the members of their j churches of the power they should exertDot I only in the church but also in the world, he I had been led to take up the subject with the : hope of showing that it was a great and important factor to achieve success, a source of power and influence, aud must have a stimulating cffect upon the heart of the Christian. But what* did it involve ? It involved not only the separation from everything worldly, but the full and free dedication of oneself of all one had and all one might possess to God. The essential idea of consecration was the act of devoting oneself to God. It involved i holiness of life, purity of person, and the exhibition of those graces which adorned the Son of Man. The consecrated man must give evidence of lus consecration, no matter the time, tho place, or the circumstances. He must resemble his Master in this respect, for He always gave evidence that He was God's consecrated Sou, aud the very consecration of the Lord Jesus Christ stimulated Him to the accomplishment of His definite purposes. One of the secrets of the success of those men who had dazzled the Christian world was their consecration to God. "Whether it ! were Luther, or Knox, or Whitfield, or Spur\x=req-\ geon, one of the sources of their power and inspiration and influence was their very personal consecration to Jesus Christ. Spurgeon himself had said, *' The strongest man in all the world is the consecrated man. Even if he may consecrate himself to the wrong object, yet if it be a thorough consecration he will hare power." It must be obvious that conse- : cration must quicken the thought in reference ! to the primary purpose of the Christian life which was so emphatically expressed in the words of the great apostle, " Whatsoever ye ; do, do it all to the glory of God." If they \ were thoroughly consecrated to God, that very fact would stimulate them to become vessels unto honour. They desired that the politics of the statesman, the fiction of the novelist, the pen of the journalist, the songs of the bard, the ; pencils and chisels of the artist,, might be dominated by the spirit of Jesus Christ. They wanted to see religion as fair as the moon, as pure as the suu, and as beautiful as the breaking morn. They wanted to see the fouuts open and the bcneficence of God falling upon the redeemed world. Then let there be thorough consecration, a consecration of body, of soul, of intellect, of life, of time, of talent, and affection. Then the rest would follow. The Holy Ghost wonld endue them with power from on high, and the Gospel having all its hindrances * removed, winged by faith, wafted by prayer, and accredited by consistency, would go from one end of the land to the other, until every human creature should have heard its wondrous message of love. (Applause.) The Revs. J. Glover aud T. Yigis also rpoke. 