Mr. Meagher's Statement. Apteb Mr. Meagheb's statement in the Assembly last evening, the general verdict of listeners waa that it was clear' and forcible, took the bull by the horns, but would have been much. more convincing had it been. made directly after Sir Jtfljan Salomons had given his version of what had +,a.lrfin -nln^A between Mr. Meagher and himself. Mr. Meagher. gave certain reasons for his delay in denying, which to some people' did not appear very convinc ing, but in studious fairness to Vmtti it is necessary to xemember that he is a man of a special training, and pos sibly apt because of certain profes sional ways of thought to be governed by considerations which would not appeal.to a layman so strongly ,if they would appeal at alL Every lawyer in a large criminal practice must have had brought under his notice very many cases in which per fectly innocent persons sub jected to serious charges — and that Mr. Meagheb has been subject to a serious charge, a charge which, if proved, would involve his ruin, he himself vehemently declares — have damaged their own chances by hasty denial. A detailed denial made upon the spur of the moment with out opportunity for reflection or consultation, exposes a man to be tripped up as to minor points, and thereby, shakes the faith that might otherwise have been reposed in him. This is the point that has to be weighed by those who are dis posed to consider that Mr. Meaghee's written and spoken utterances pub liBhed last night had too much an air of preparation. It may further be urged that Mr. Meagher when he first became aware, of Sir Jttlian's charges should have given a general denial, even if he reserved himself as to details. There appears more in this point than the other. But still it is conceivable that- one bo seriously attacked in his professional reputation may have thought that the only way of meeting a, long catergorical charge was lay a long categorical defence. The thing to be reckoned unreservedly in Mr. Meagheh's favor is that when he did speak he shirked nothing. He did not even hesitate to go out of Ms way to make counter charges of a serious character which will be touched upon later. As to the arguments that Mr. Meagher advanced, it would be out of place to attempt to weigh them here. Although the Dean case has unfortu nately drifted before a political body not fitted by its constitution, to have anything to do with sucn a matter, the case, in its later aspect, as affecting legal reputations, must be considered in a measure as svbjvMce. In fact there is very little ques tion' of argument at alL Sir Joiian Salomons last week gave one version of some conversations with Mr. Meagheb j yesterday Mr. Meagheb gave a diametrically oppo site version of those conversations. So far there is nothing to be done, but for everyone interested to weigh the word of Sir Julian against that of Mr. Meagheb., and to judge be tween them. About that judgment, if Mr. Meagher' s version was a mere traversing of Sir Julian's state ments, and. there had been, no other matters introduced, most calm, minds Would be .governed, by the relative standing of. the two men in their pro fession. Sir Julian is older than Mr. Meaghkb, has been immensely longer before the public, and has naturally raised j&meelf; „ higher. This way of looking' at the -thing iwould, however, \- still leave opinion divided to the great prejudice of respect for justice, and nothing conld be proved which would enable action, to be taken, in regard to either of two gentlemen, both of whom cannot, on a most vital matter, have spoken the truth. ^But any approach to judgment even by individuals must be suspended. Owing to tfoe matters introduced by Mr. Meagher 'there can be no rough and ready summing up of the opposed lawyers on their qualifi cations. Mr. Meagher has introduced charges and has cited names which will enable the matters in dispute to be gone into again, regrettable as such re-opening is. He Bay b that Sir Julian is liable to mental confusion, and more than hints that Sir Juiian, in consequence, of this con dition, is underline influence of others whose names, including that of Mr. Want, were mentioned. These assertions can be tested ? by certain statements that Mr. Meagheb made, and to these statements Sir Julian Salomons will to-night no doubt particu larly address himself. First it has to be noted that, according to Mr. Milsgheb, Sir Julian said that Dean could have £500 to clear out to South America and £500 afterward. Now was there such an offer? Was anything said about money? If there was, in whose interest was it said ? It must be borne in mind that Dean's disappearance . would to many have looked like guilt. If money was offered it can hardly have been offered without authority. Then Mr. Meagher mentioned the name of Mr. Pelchbr as having with himself certain knowledge in reference to the Dean case which was shared by no one else. Mr. Pjxcher should be challenged, to say what he knows, and Mr. Want also should have the fullest licence to pro duce the evidence corroborative of Sir Julian, which he says he possesses. The time for professional etiquette is past. Mr. Ptlcbcer could at le&sfc; throw light on the conversa tion between Mr. Meagheb and a detective mentioned last night. Mr. Meageeb says that Mr. Pedcheb was instructed about tnis conversation when before the Koyal Commission. Then there is a chemist mentioned in Mr. Meagher's statement who is said not to have been fully examined about the sale of poisons. He should in some way be examined again. These are matters far more important than to consider why Sir Julian Salomons kept silent for two months. Sir Julian may have been averse to revealing the confidence of his client, Mr. Meagher, just as Mr. Meagher declared he would have been averse to revealing the confi dence of his client, Dean. Qn Sir Sir Julian Salomons obtaining cor roboration upon points where it is to be had depends the public judgment of his general clearness. And where a suspicion has been hinted that the 'fountains of justice are polluted,' no pains should be spared to thoroughly sift all evidence to be had, all the steps that have been taken, and even the motives (if any) for bringing the Dean matter again into prominence. Touching the two irrecoBeileable versions of the memorable conversation between Salo mons and Meagher, and the latter's suggestion about the value of 'some silent witness which could not prevaricate or lie,' one naturally thinks of the phonograph. The incident sup plies the strongest of arguments for bringing this companion invention to the 'instrument that can't lie' into general use where two individuals, lawyers or laymen, happen to be thrown promiscuously together and get talking about matters they may . afterwards be re quired to explain. As between lawyer and client, or still better between lawyer and lawyer, Edison's great invention would be invaluable. Now, if Sir Julian Salomons had only been up to date 'With one of Edison's latest improvements in the sound-recording instrument, he might have been able to tri umphantly (or otherwise) produce a silent witness 'of unimpeachable veracity' that would tell us exactly what did occur in those mysterious conferences on the Dean case be tween -himself and Dean's solicitor, and 'the ghost of the now never-to-be-forgotten North Sydney poisoning case could have been laid without rising again to vex and perplex an already sufficiently bewildered public. All that it would have been necessary to do would be to take the instrument up to Mac quarie-street, lay it on the table, and. turn the handle. This would have proved quite as strong a draw as Mr. Meagher's hourand n^aif oration. What, bat for the SalomonsMeaghercum Dean squabble, would probably have been the parliamentary sensation of the session — the ejection of Messrs. Cameron, M'Elhone. and Miller from the Assembly last week— has fallen with a flatness that must be rather dis gusting to the ejected members.. To be thrown literally out into the street at midnight in the pelting rain, with even the refuge of the strangers' gallery denied them, was bad enough; to have their distressful situation ignored because a couple of lawyers, who are also politicians,' can't agree as to what one told the other, is 'what Dogberry would call something 'tolerable and not to be endnrad.' A fifcfol attempt to boom the grievance .of the previous Thursday was made last night in the Assembly. Cameron on MoleBWorth, however, had no show as against Meagher on Salomons. Even Mr. M'Elhone's complaint that the Acting-Chairman had almost 'jumped down his throat ' failed to excite sympathy — unless, perhaps, it was sympathy for Molesworth at the bare prospect of- the experience in store for him in such an impossible situation. The lamb lying down inside the lion, or Jonah in the belly of the whale won3d be trifles com pared to MolesTForth assimilated to M'Elhone. Sentence of death -was yesterday passed on the man ' John Wilson, who at . the Central Criminal Court wag found guilty of having inflicted ' grievous bodily barm upon Edwin Kelson with intent to mur der him. The jary did not arrive at their verdict till after long d elibera lion. Even so, it will be a matter of surpriie to many . persons, how,_ in face of the . evidence adduoed at the trial, they could have arrived at snob, a Verdict stall Exoept on tbs auppoBitlon that both verdict sod sentence were-mere legal. .formalities, and that the real measure of -the man's sespon sibitity is yet to be ascertained, It is somewhat difficult for the ordinary -mind to- exactly understand either. It waa shown,, by what was apparently indisputable proof* that the man had Buffered from repeated at--* tacks of insanity, that on more thanoae occa sion he had- been . an inmate of a lunatic asylum in England. These facia, one would think, are quite sufficient at leasfcto raise doubts, if not to lead directly toconcdasions-of -which Wilson should have the benefit; at any rate, to the extent of makLng- the place of his confinement a mad house and nofca -gaol. China has accepted the British ultimatum with a quickness which seems to have afitordshed Europe. The Viceroy of the district in which the massacre of the Christian missionaries took place has been degraded, and is never to hold office again. In view of former experiences with China, it could hardly have been hoped that, even under the threat of Buch pressure as Britain was ready to apply, her demands would meet with so immediate a re sponse, la matters of the kind it has been the traditional habit of the Chinese authorities to make haste as slowly as possible, to avail themselves of every excuse for delay. How, then, is the alacrity displayed in this instance to be accounted for? The recent humiliations in connection with the war against Japan may perhaps have had some thing to do with it. The fear of anything further in.- sv -similar shape may have naturally served as a spur, and have driven Chines6 diplomacy out of the old-fashioned ways. Bu . another explanation suggests itself. Bussia may have advised, and indeed dictated, the course which has bees bo promptly adopted. It is not at any rate wildly improbable that a secret understanding may have been arrived at be tween the two Governments. The unex pected turn which the late war took | tended more strongly than ever to make China the natural ally of Bussia in that quarter of the world. Such an alli ance would not, indeed, have been conceivable if China had triumphed, and Japan as a' military or naval power had been destroyed, a contingency which many persons with ' reputations for correct judgment speculated on at the time as by no means unlikely. With China so dis credited and disorganised as she was in the course of that short but decisive struggle, and with Japan suddenly revealed as the most for midable of Asiatic powers, the whole situation of course was changed for Bussia. Japan at once became the rival with whom, it would be necessary for Bussia to count in respect of future Muscovite expansion in the Eastern seas. There can be very little doubt of that. And it would seem to be little less doubtful that bye and' bye when Bussia comes to seriously dispute the pretensions of Japan — as by the nature of the case she is almost a certainty — she will be pretty safe to have China on her side. A reconstructed China acting in concert with Buesia, or rather dominated by Bussia, a few years hence may furnish cause for atm greater astonishment to the world than that occasioned now by China's unwonted beha vior in respect of the British demands. If Bussian influence be really brought to bear on China for the purposes hinted at, one of the things which would surely be insisted upon would, it is to be imagined, be that no opportunity should be offered for the active interference in Chinese affairs of any 'other European power. Such an idea with respect to Bussia's presumably re- , modelled Eastern programme is rendered more credible by the report just cabled that ninety thousand Bussian troops are to be massed before next spring, at the great Bussian arsenal of Vladivostok — the ' Asiatic Sebas topol,' as it has been called. Lord Brassey has left behind him in the old country a specimen of his literary activity in the form of a financial article which, it ap pears, has j ust seen the light in the pages of ilje 'Nineteenth Century.' It deals with recent experiments with regard to the Indian cur rency, and consequently trenches on that fear ful ground where the bimetallists and the mono-metallists shriek at one another. If the Governor elect of Victoria is desirous of ha vie g a fairly quiet time of it he wil] prob ably regret the article in question. It will be about as conducive to that sort of thing as say, a disquisition on some burning question of theology involving rival points of faith. 