SHROUDED IN MYSTERY OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY! 3R SKIFF BOBLASK, Author of "For Tree Love's Sske,""Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death,"'.'An Ocean Secret," " Recalled to Life," "Ricbeg to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron* " The Police Minister," &c.; CHAPTER LI.—TConcluded.) "You pe^eive," said Haloamu6Greenwooi to her then, ' that I came determined lo carry . you off by hook or by orook. Had I not met you in the grounds, I should have boldly en* tered tbe house in quest of you, for I knew very well what was taking plaoe there, and so timed my arrival tbat Sir Harry and bia guests, inoluding tbe jolly parson, should be too drunk to be able even to stand up to receive me, whilst as to the servants, if they hadn't chanoed to be in the same oondition, I had a oonstable's baton and a mock warrant for your arrest, and should have posed as a law officer of the Crown, a character for whom most flunkeys have an intense veneration. -. Besides all that, I knew that I had anally within the walla, in »he shape of an estimable lady, who has perhaps been all along a deal more the mistress of the establishment than yourself, and who would have let me take-my—' prisoner away through the back garden ana gate, so that there should have been as little risk of disturbance and soandal as pouible. However, now to business." So saying he pushed her violently up against a tree, and in a mement more had fished a rope up from beneath the luxuriant ferns, and bound it around both her alender waist and the trunk. This done ha next drew out of the dense undergrowth of ferns a email bundle, and ' 1 upon undoing it revealed a woman's hat with what seemed to be a very thiok veil attached to it; but when he bad brought it right np to her Ruth perceived that tbe veil, which was of olosely knitted black wool, had inside of it, and secured on to it, a leather mask without eyelet holes, but having a buokle and • strap behind it, and a sort of steel apur attaohed to it, so as to enter tbe mouth of a prisoner end pin down her tongne in a way that the should - be unable to give utteranoe to an artioulate. •ound. "Oh, don't pat that dreadful thing en me, you cruel and remorseless* monster," cried Lady Howaitb in an agony of apprehension. "Needs must, unfortunately, knowing what a slippery customer I bave to deal with; but - if you keep your tongue as atill as every good woman ehould it won't hurt yoa in the least, and there are perforation* in the now for you to breathe through, whilst as for the nnoomeliness of the thing, out of regard to youi vanity I took care that the veil ahould- b< BO thiok that even the elosett observei would not know that you had it en underneath. But now to don it; for time ereept on apaoe, and I'm anxious to get yon undeilock and key at quiokly as possible." It was n j use to resist her fate, for the fata was clearly not to be avoided ; and ahe knew full well tbat to oppose it would only aubject her to harsh violence and indignity. So Lady Howarth opened her mouth for the admission of the spur, which was ahaped exactly like that of a witch's bridle ; and the next minute the entire contrivanoe was 1 secured over and around her head in anoh a way that she coold neither see nor utter the alightest sound. "Now," exolaimed Haloamus Greenwood jubilantly, "I shall unbind you from the tree; keep your hand in mine whilst I mount.. the horse, and then you will have to feel for my foot with your own, and when found nseit as a atepping-stone up into the pillion. If yon miss your spring at the first attempt you will only have to try and try again until you succeed, but you won't miss it if yon ate careful." Poor Ruth had no option but to attempt the - feat, and when the trying moment came she, happily, did not miss her spring, but alighted safely on the pillion. " Hold me tightly around the waist, now, 9 ' said Haloamus Greenwood approvingly, "for you've a bit of rough riding to encounter, by reason that I intend to cross country as straight aa the crow flies. The fact is the owner of such a treasure can't take too many precautions against losing it on the way. Now look out, for off we go," and setting spurs to his nag he trotted out of the fir grove through the gap in the hedge. Five minutes later they were fording the River Btal, with the water up to the saddle flaps and over Lady Howarth's ankles, who was afraid to draw her feet up for fear she should lose her baianoe and topple over on the other side. The opposite bank gained they sped across the fields to the south of Clover Hall,, leaping every hedge that obstructed their eourae, Greenwood invariably shouting out, "Hold on tight now; here's another!" half a minute before the horse rose to the jump ; yet spite of the warning, his prisoner of ten almost losthei seat and was within an ace of tailing. It was a wild night ride tp her, blind and dumb as she was, and expecting every moment that her neok would be broken in some terrible fall. Presently, however, she heard a church clock strike three in the morning, whioh .she recognized in an instant as that of St. Chad's at - Roohd≤, and evidently very near by. Perhaps it all at once occurred to Greenwood that the sound would be sure to strike a chord of memory in her heart, and that as they would tell her whereabouts she was he might just aa well himself enlighten her a little' further. *'Anyhow," he said mockingly, "The worst is over, fair treasure, and in less than a quarter of an hour we'll be safely housed where none will dare to invade, eveu in the broadest sunshine of a midsummer "day. The cage, the safe, the strong-room, call it which you choose, in which I intend to deposit my treasure, is the old haunted house in Gooee-lana, wherein holy nuns once chaunted their vesper - hymns, and where their unquiet spirits now ' shriek and wail the livelong night." He oould feel the thrill whioh this intelligence occasioned his captive, and he chuckled . sardonioally at having so well Buooeeded in awaking her superstitions terrors, whioh as Ue believed in neither heaven nor hell, he was utterly ino&pable; of sharing. But she old house had its tale, and it was a terrible one, the bare outline of it being that when the royal Bluebeard, Henry the Eighth, . confiscated the re tenues of the religious houses in order therewith to bribe bis rapacious nobles to use their powerful influence to bring about » ohange of faith throughout the land, a party of Royal Commissioners arrived at the Convent of tbe Good Shepherd, nigh onto Rochdale, effeoted an entry, with terrible threats 00pi palled the sisterhood, six only in number, to takedown and burn their eruoifixes and statues of saints and martyrs, their missals and other books of devotion, and directly they had thus, u it were, abjured their faith, had violated and then murdered them. Casting the bodies into a small subterranean vault, five feet deep and two yards square, and then covering up its entrance ao - that its very existence should not be inspected, they gave it forth that the nuns bad quieted the place before their arrival, which, being believed they escaped all punishment for their atrooious crime, not discovered for a hundred years later. But when the awful tomb was opened there were tbe six skeletons, and chough the dry bones were cast into the charnel- house of St. Chad's Churchyard, tbe ghosts of the murdered nuns, liberated by the removal of the flagstone from above their plaoe Of sepulchre, touk possession of tbe convent otfoe more, weeping, wailing, and wringing their hands beoause the gates of heaven were for ever ' closed against them by reason that they had ' abjured their faith rather than endure persecution, and had lost their live- before they bad bad time to repent them of their grievous sin. From the lane they bad often been beheld, flitting from window to winaow like wild birds fluttering against the bars of a cage into which they have just been thrust, wherefore the lane came to be called Ghost-lane, which was in later years corrupted into Goose-lane. No wonder that, knowing the history of the haunted house as well as she did. Lady Howarth felt that ahe would juBt as Boon, aye, even rather, bave been rather laid in her own grave than be oonfined therein, but she wat utterly unable to express these emotions; indeed, independent of being "tongue-tied,* she was breathless from the speed at which she had ridden and the roughness of much of the way, from the flying leaps that had been taken, aud the trequeucy with whioh the heavily-laden horse bad all but come "e cropper" over them, which things all oombined bad dragged her beautiful arms almost out of theirsockei;s,sotenBoiously had shebeenobliged to cling around Halcamus Greenwood with them in order to Bave herself from what, had it happened, must have been a dangerous and might have been a fatal fall. Castle Hill presently loomed darkly before them in the gloom. But they approaohed it no nearer, for suddenly turning out of the bridle-track that is now the Manchester-road into a field, the old bouse rose j 1st before them, with its tall quaint chimney-stacks, and high-pitched roof that wa« green with moss, grass, and bouse-leek, and backed at a little distance by a high haw thorn hedge that marked the sinuous course o! Ghost- lane. OF course Lady Howarth could see nothing of all this, but when Haloamus Greenwood | brought his reeking horse to a standstill, and roughly bade her get down as best she oould, she very naturally felt tbat they must be at the end of their journey. No sooner bad she done as she wan ordered, and fortunately alighted on her feet, than Greenwood dismounted in turn, and drove hit horse into what looked to be the ruins of 4 cowshed. \- He then grasped his captive by an arm, and saying jocularly, "And now to plaoe my treasure where, though the moth may verj probably corrupt, it is not at all likely that thieves will breafe through and steal,"be led her towards the house. 