THE SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL OF AUSTRALIA . The following is a translation of the Latin text of the letters of Convocation issued by His Eminence Cardinal Moran in connection with the forthcoming Second Plenary Synod of Australia : — Patrick Francis, Cardinal Priest under the title of St, SuBanna of the Holy Roman Church, by the Grace of God and Dispensation of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney, Dele gate Apostolic, etc., e'c. To their most illustrious and most reverend Lordships, the Archbishops and Bishops of the Churches of Australia and Tasmania, as well as to the irost reverend Abbots, and the very revered the Supe riors of Orders or Congregations and to all others upon whom it is by law or custom, incumbent to attend at plenary Synods : — Peace and health in the Lord. It iB well-known how precious are the fruits which come from the celebration of Bynods, and how multiplied and how sin gular is the increase that results there from to the strength of ecclesiastical discipline, the advance of virtue, the exaltation of the faith, the defence of the church and the glory of God. Now, whereas ten years have elapsed since the first Plenary Council of Australia — so happy in its issue — was celebrated, it has seemed well to the Chief Pontiff, Pope Leo XIII., the successor of the Prince of the Apostles and the Supreme Vicar ! of Christ, that another Plenary Synod j should be without delay convened. j Moreover, the chief Pontiff has assigned to us, unequal though we e'early know : to be our strength, this du'y that, invested with his authority and acting in his name, we should convoke the said second Plenary Synod of Austral in and should therein preside. In the exercise accordingly of the power thus delegated to us by the Apostolic See, having invoked the name of the most Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and having implored the payers of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the principal patron — under the title of Help of Christians — of Australia, and of all the saints, we summon and convoke the second Plenary Synod of Australia and Tasmania to meet in our Metropolitan Church of St. Mary, in the city of Sydney, on Sunday, the 17th of November, of the present year. Furthermore, we exhort in the Lord and, as far as may be nec.ssary, we enjoin and command, the archbishops, the bishops, abbots, and all o'hers in Australia and Tasmania who by law or cuscom ure bound to attend such Synod, to appear at the time and place men tioned. Shou'd any prelates be de ained by just and sufficient cause, they shall send their procurators furnished with written authority to act at the Synod in their stead. We likewise request the most revereud prelates to make known the convocation of the said Synod to all wi hin their respective dioceses, wl o by law or custom are bound or are privileged to be present. Inasmuch as it is for the Omnipotent God alone to bestow the strength and oourage necessary for the carrying of so great a work to a fitting contusion, we earnestly entreat our venerable brethren, the archbishops and bishops, and all the c ergy and Catholic laity to humbly be seech the Father of Lights that He may inspire the counsels of the said Syno I with wisdom from on high, and that He may direct its proceedings, lend stability to its decrees, and graciously make all things conduce to the end s mghtfor — the greater g ory of Him alone and the sa va- tion of the souls entrusted to our care Given from our residence at Sydney, this 24th day of J uly, 1895, (Signed), i Patrick Francis Card. Moran, j Archbishop of Sydney. By command of the most eminent and mosr. reverend Archbishop, (Signed), Denis F. O'Haran, Chancellor. George Wilson wri'-cs to a Melbourne paper: 44 1 am a cabinet maker and can do my work as well as any man in Vic toria. I used to earn my £4 per week some four year-> ago, but since th«- ware house people have taken to buying off and indirect'y employing Chinese makers, I have suffered considerably. 1 have a wife and nine chi:dren, and all I can get now is an odd day now and again, and that only at 5s. per day, such as packing furniture, repairing same, and a little upholstering. My wife — God bless her — tried to earn a little at washing ; but the Chinese seem to be on her track also. A Chinese laundry has started close to our little house." 