TOO MUCH ALIKE. The cloio of the year 1866 found me steerage officer on board ofeihe United States ship — , oommanded by Captain S , and lying in the harbor of San Francisco, bound on a cruise in soarch of the Confederate steamer Shenan doah, 'which waa at that time burning American whalers in the Okhotsk Sea. While recuperating after our long voyage around the Horn the younger officers ol the ship were wont to make frequent visits to the shore. Cards and billiards were our niuai amusements, and in following those pastimes wo sometimes found ourselves in queer places and often in dangerous localities ; for 'Frisco wqb not the place then that it is to-day. In those days the city was infested with some of tho worst characters and rascals that ever misted. Upon the night in questiou all agreed to go in uniform, and as brass buttons and shoulder traps were the predominating feature in our uniform in those days, it was difficult for the landsmen to distinguish between the dress of ithe steerage aud that of the wardroom officer. Sometime during our perambulations on shore I found myself separated from my companions, and after walking about for some time chanced opposite the " Palace Saloon "—one of the most magnificent but mo«t lawless plscce which then abounded in the city. Being ready for almost any adventure I strolled in and called for a bottle of wine ; being pretty well supplied with money I was not long in picking up acquaint ances. I was eventually invited to take a hand in a gAino of billiards and soon became absorbed in its fascinations. Tho room was well filled with a cosmopolitan erowd. While waiting for my opponent to make hia " run " I noticed a group whose appearance marked thom as belonging to the gambling fraternity fixing their glances upon me, and now and then engaging in a whispered convsr- sation. The game being finished a trio of the group approaohed me, and, smiling blandly, in vited me to join them in a cigar and a chat over a glass. I readily assented, and we adjourned to an inner- room which was elaborately fur nished. The trio sat directly opposite me. Happening to cast my eyes in their direction I detected a hasty glance pass between thom, and immediately one of the trio arose, passed out of the room and closed tho door At the same time I heard the peculiar click of a lock, and like a flash it dawned upon me that I wae a prisoner. Rising to my feet I demanded an explanation of such conduot, but received in return n mali cious sneer. One of my companions without a word then drew from his breast a murderous looking dagger. I saw at once that murder was contemplated, and springing into a corner of the room prepared to sell my life as dearly as possible. My only weapon was a small clasp lenife, wbicb I usually carried about my person. Placing my thumb npon the clasp in order to prevent the blade from closing upon my band and thereby disabling me, I awaited tho onslaught whioh I was convinced wnuld soon come. My two as sailants withdrew to a corner of the room ; there, one of them taking from bis pocket some thing which looked like straws or matches, tbey proceeded to draw lota. Presently I noticed the smaller one of the two'-euddenly turn pale. Reaching out his hand be roeeived tho dagger from his companion and deliberately proceeded to measure off about 5 inches of its blade. " He slowly approached me and I felt that tho critical moment had arrived. I fixed my eyes upon those of the assassin as he slowly approached mo, and upon meeting my gaze be seemed baffled for the moment, and he paused as bis eyes restid upon the knife whioh I held in my hand. He did not seem to kuow the exaot nature of the weapon, so be retreated a few stepp. The man's companion, seeing bim hesitate, made an effort to urge him on; but to no pur pose, and finally they both withdrew to the further side of the room, and again hold a hurried conversation. Turning towards me again the one with the dagg&r; lay down on the tho floor, in order to be below the range of my weapon, and working himself towards me pre pared to etriko ; poising himself upon his right arm and foot, with the daggor in his left band lie made a fearful lunge towards mo ; tho blow fell short of its mark. I assumed the offensive. Throwing the whole weight of my body forward upon my left foot I lunged forward, but missed my opponent owing to his low position on the floor. Seeing that I was about to force the fight rny opponent lost courage and began to sob and cry like a child, and refused to renew the attack, although urged on repeatedly by his companion While this was going on tbo suspense to ine was terrible ; I dared not force the fight, as it was two to one, and I knew that if I left my corner it was sure death. . . , .. Losing patience the other assassin seized the dagger from tho hand of his companion and pre- pared to renew the attack. At this moment tho door was unlocked and opened, a stranger rushed into the room, and seizing the hand that hold the dagger exclaimed : " You fool?, this is not our man !" i i The would be assassins immediately fltd, and turning to me the stranger cautioned mo to leave the place as quickly as possible, I did not stand upon the order of going, but found my way out upon tho street in quiok time. Passing down tho street I ran upon an old friend, Detective Allen. Upon seeing me be exclaimed " What is tho matter — you look ae if you had seen a ghost !" I related to him at briefly as possible rny adventure, and he assured me that I was lucky to escape with my life, as I bad been in the most dangerous place in 'Frisco, . I spent the rest of the night with my friend Allen, and early the next morning went on board That same day we left for the Okhotsk Sea, and on returning some two months later we were surprised to hear that Lieutenant Marshall, United States navy, had been foully murdered and found lying on tbe street near the "Palace Saloon." Great excitement prevailed in naval circles because of hi death, and the most strenuous efforts were mado to discover his murderers; but they were of no avail. The excitement aoon died out, and shortly after our ship was put out of cotfimlssion/aQd her officers and crew ordered East. ; Upon arriving ai Nc York I wa6/or£er«d to the Naval Academy M Annapolis. 7 one day strolling nbo&t; aupmqt city rfbeA I observed an eldeily-gentlem a P roach 1 ngWe. Extending his hand hersetsiT'meteonJiaHy, exclaiming, ""Well, 'Lieuienont Marshall, Jiqw are you? when did you 'arriv cojfld offer any explanation his ftrm/waJfSlwUnin miue, and before I knew it I was atliii door step. I immediately informed htm that he was mistaken, as my name was Mate M , United States Navy. He could hardly be convinced, and would not accept my explanation until he had called one of bis daughters, with whom tbe lieutenant was intimately acquainted. The moment she taw me her woman's wit detected the mistake ; but they all declared that they never saw two pereuns who so closely resembled eaeh-oiher. The ciroumstancea of that event ful night in San Francisco came vividly beforo me again, and after ponderiug awhile the whole mystery was solved. It teemed that Lieutenant Marshall had given offence to some of these worthies who frequented the gambling saloons, and tbey had sworn to tako bis life at the first opportunity. The resemblance botween myself and their in tended victim had indeed nearly cost mo my life.—. AUa California. 