LE MEN TO THE EDITOR i . ...--. -i' MISSIONS. Sir-in the discussion in your columns on missions, no one went down to the real foundations on which they are built and the principles that underlie them. They are few, but sufficient for those of us who believe in and support missions. 1\. We believe She Christian religion to be the only true religion, and that it alone is the power of God to conquer sin, and selfish vices, and all the bare and animal in man, and that it only can raise man to the full height and measure of his manhood. It alone teaches the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man, and proclaim that in Christ Jesus all men are equal. Next, we believe that the founder of this holy and divine religion, Jesus Christ, is God from God, very God of very God, by whom all things were made, and without whom was nothing made that was made. For us men and for our salvation He came down from Heaven, and was made man. They that saw Him, saw God ; they that believe in Him, believe in God. When he speaks, it is the voice of God and not of man that we hear. These two doctrines we believe, we do not argue about them, they are just as much an axiom with us as 2 and 2 make 4, and they are the foundation of all missionary enterprise, at home, and abroad. 2 Consequently when Christ says " Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature," we believe our only possible duty is to obey. The Duke of Wellington called these words " the marching orders " of the Church. And so they are, and from the very be ginning the Church has acted on them, for she is a missionary organisation. She started on her missionary campaign on the first Whit-Sunday, when the Holy Ghost came down from Heaven and filled her with grace and power. She began with home missions first, and attacked the unbelief at her doors. (So is it not, out of every £100 raised for religion and benevolent purposes £95 is spent at home, and only £5 spent on foreign missions, and £90 out of this £95 is raised by the supporters of foreign missions, thus leaving only £5 to be raised by those who clamour against them. Then she passed on to the countries beyond, and assaulted old civilisations like Greece and Rome, reverend with age, and rich in memories and nations, wild and savage, as the Britons and Goths, and she conquered both. She does the train now, and she does it because she must. Woo to her if she does not. Whether it be China, with her settled religion, her code of laws, her ancient civilisation, or the Melanesian or New Guinea savage, all are on the same level to her. Both are without the glorious gospel of the blessed God, and on her rests the duty of sending it to them. You see, the question never comes in of how much or how little danger there may be to the missionaries. Theirs not to make reply. Theirs not to reason why, Theirs but to do and die. And death has been their lot from the beginning. Of those to whom our Divine Lord and Master first gave the marching orders all suffered martyrdom but one, St. John And from the blood of St. Stephen to the blood of the last martyrs in (china, vast multitudes have rejoiced to glorify God by their deaths. in the words of an eloquent writer, " Some were tortured not accepting deliverance, others had trials of cruel mockings and scourging you, moreover, of bonds and im- prisonment. They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were burnt, were slain with the sword ; they wandered about in sheep skins and goat skins, being destitute, afflicted tormented ; they wandered in deserts and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth." And so it will be to the end, for every missionary is ready, if need be, to lay down his life for the Lord Jesus. Thus you see most of the objection against missions are absolutely useless. They do not touch even the fringe of the edge of the garment of the two principles I have mentioned. But men will camp. When the great shoemaker, William Carey, went to evangelise India, Sydney Smith shame on him- sneered at a consecrated cobbler going to convert the world with £13 2s. 6d. in his pocket, and the world laughed loud and long at the idea, and then sat down to fare sumptuously every day, whilst the consecrated cobbler went forth to face hunger and thirst and cold and nakedness. But Wisdom is justified of her children. Three centuries after Christ the proportion of nominal Christiana to the population was about l-150th ; but now, 10 centuries after Christ, the proportion is about one-third. And this immense success is still increasing, and will increase until the kingdoms of this world have become the kingdoms of our God and His Christ. There's no doubt about it. J Yours, etc, W. HJBVINGHAM ROOT. Hobart, October 30. 