T H E DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. DERWENT. BY THOMAS COBB, Author of "The House by the Common," "Wedderburn's Will," "The Westlakes," &c.; CHAPTER XI.—(Continued). " How can you thinkBO much of money!" Floy cried reproachfully. " It is callous, it is hateful. What does the money matter if he Is dead?" " Well, it certainly doesn't matter much to me if he's alive!" Arnold retorted, rising also. " Look here, Floy; don't run away with the idea that I'm not awfully sorry for you, because I am—devilish sorry. But it's no use crying over spilt milk, and I'll swear Uncle Roderick is dead as a herring. I deu't possess a fiver in the world; there's over a thousand a year waiting for me. If I didn't feel anxious to get hold of it, I shouldn't be human ; and that's just what I am, human all over." She left the room, and did not meet Arnold again until luncheon. Really anxious to think well of him, as she always had done until to-day, she tried to lead her cousin to talk of other matters. " Oh, by the bye," be said, presently, " I 'saw the board was down at Forest Prospect. So they've let the place at last. Decent sort of people V' "Father took a< great fancy to Mr Fairford," she answered. "He has not been here three months yet." " An old stager, then, as Uncle Roderick cottoned to him ?" " Mr Fairford is not at all old. He looks hardly older than you—younger than you did when you went away." During the afternoon Arnold's luggage arrived, and before dinner he suggested that Florence should give him the key of Mr Derwent's wine- cellar. When he rejoined her in the drawing-room, his face was flushed, and for a moment she felt almost afraid. " Devilish quiet here," he said, sitting by her ride on the sofa; "though I daresay a Johnny could be cosy enough if he once got used to it. Besides, I shall have enough to do after to-day. Afraid I left you rather long, Floy." " I was upstairs in Ann's room," was the answer. I have left her more than usual today." "Good old Ann. She wasn't such a bad sort. Got her billet, has she? Well," he added gravely, "we've all got. to die; it makes a chappie think a bit, doesn't it ? It points a moral, you know: make your hay while the sun shines. That's what I'm going to do here, If you'll let me." " It is nothing to do with me," she said, walking to a cuair by the piano. "How's that f "If father is really dead, everything is yours. I have no right here at all." " Oh, come, Floy, don't talk like that. You know, I- wouldn't give a fig for the place without you." He left the sofa, and resting his arms behind her ohair, leaned over it. "It is good of . you to say that," she answered, but there are a good many difficulties. For one, I have no money; and if Dr Viret had not come to my aid—" "He did, did he? Good inan! Of course, one will want money. That's another reason why you should stay. I haven't got overmuch at present, and how is one to carry on the war ?" " At all events, I must go to Ann now," she said ; and, once upstairs, for the first time began seriously to consider whether she could accept Dr Viret's offer. Concerning one fact she felt no doubt i it would soon become necessary to leave The Biookery. CHAPTER XII, OWEN'S MISTAKE. "Floy," said Arnold, after Dr. Virefs visit to Ann on Wednesday morning, " lefs go and have a look at Aunt Alice's grave." Pleased by the suggestion, Florence assented, and a little after noon they set forth. In a small wioker basket she carried a few Lent lilies, removed from her own garden by the roots, and on the top of them a trowel. On the way to the churchyard, she pointed out Colonel Askew's house. " Vou remember, that is where the bur* glary was committed," she said. " YeB," he answered; " and what is more, Unole Roderick came this way." " How positively you speak !" " I am as certain as if I had seen him, Floy. He left the house and took this road, and went in by the lych-gate, just as we are going to do. If he did not want to visit the grave, what did he want?" A few minutes later they were standing at its foot. There, beneath the yew tree, which for centuries had stood in the same place, whilst history was making^ and Florence's •ancestors were born and lived their brief spans and died, was the headstone, covered with the names of previous Derwents. The spot was completely hidden from passers-by in the road, and Florence could go down on her knees to pliant the Lent lilies in the oblong patch of mould, at present filled only with small evergreen shrubs, without the slightest fear of being seen. " Poor mother," she murmured, glancing up at Arnold. " How sweet she was ! To you, who saw her only in perfect health, it muBt seem impossible to realise that she is gone." " I beg your pardon, Floy," he said, arousing himself from a fit of abstraction. "I was thinking of uncle, It's certain he came here; 111 swear to that. Now the question is, what happened next ?" As they drew near Forest Prospect on his way home, Owen came forth. "Is that the Johnny ?" asked Arnold. " That Is Mr Fairford." " You may as well introduce me." She stopped and did as he requested, unable to refrain from comparisons between the two men. Owen stood a head taller than her cousin, but was not quite so erect. He looked quite listless this morning as he inquired after Ann, " She's worse," answered Arnold, for her. " An awful bore; it turns the house into a hospital. For my part, I've had about enough of hospitals. By the bye, Mr Fair ford, you might give us a look in. Come to dinner. What time, Floy ?" " At about nine o'olock," he said. " As I used to do, Miss Derwent," On his arrival, he found Arnold alone in the drawing-room, Florence having gone up stairs to the siek woman. " MisB Derwent did not expect you home so soon," he said, when Arnold bade him sit down, but the next minute he was rising to greet Florence. " No," Arnold answered. "It's lucky sailed when I did. Old Edwards' letter might never have reached me, and I very seldom looked at a paper. There's been too much time lost already. It may prove a loag job." " A long job—I beg your pardon ?" said Owen, looking quite at a loss. " To prove my uncle's death, you know. "You see," he continued, apparently unoonscious that this plain reference to her father could be painful to Florenoe, " there's so little to help one. Odd, isn't it, that a respectable. steady-going, middle-aged gentle - man should be able to disappear ?—by the bye," he confcir-- -.!, whilst Florence glanced deprecatingiy > • - n. " it was quite wast of energy to ul us vad; five hundred would have done, ^iow I wonder how Viret would like to have to hand that thousand pounds over to me. Will you come and smoke, Fairford ?" < ( Not just now, thanks," " You do Bmoke, of course ?" "Oh yes, but not here, Mr Derwent obected." "Ah, but he's dead, you see." " Arnold," cried Florence, provoked almost beyond bearing, "I told you before that it was not certain. Please don't speak as if you actually knew." " What do you think ?'' Arnold demanded, facing Owen. " If he's not dead, where the devil is he?" "The same question might be asked in any case," Owen answered quietly. "If Mr Derwent is dead, where Is his body ?" " Hidden, of eourse. But it must be hidden pretty far out of the way to escape me. I am here to find it, and, depend upon it, I shan't lose a chance. My cousin thinks I shan't succeed, because that Juggins of an inspector failed. I know their antiquated way of going to work. " May one inquire your own method ?" " Simply to keep my eyes open and use my common-sense. I mean to hunt up every suspicious character in the place." '«Are there any ?" asked Owen. '' I daresayyou know that I am practically a Btranger about here." " The burglars for some. Anyway," continued Arnold knowingly, " I'm here, and'I have a good deal at stake. Of course," he added, disregarding Florence's very obvious frown, " ifs a bad business for my cousin." •'Miss Derwent," he said, cutting Arnold short, "I have never had the pleasure of hearing you sing." " I haven't touched the piano since—" *' Of course a man who is really bent upon suicide will walk miles." " Mr Fairford," said Florence, determined to change the topic at all costs, " I have not told you of Lizzie's fright on Monday night, or, rather, it was Tuesday morning. She did not leave the house till past one o'clock. Raising her eyes to Owen's—he still stood on the hearth-rug—she noticed that he started slightly and gripped one lapel of his frockcoat in each hand. He, who as a rule was perfectly self-possessed and at ease, suddenly seemed to become stiff and constrained. " Fire away, Floy!" cried Arnold, leaving the music-toel and flinging himself into an armoh&ir; facing her. "Ann being worse that night," Florence said, " I sent Lizzie for Dr Viret. But when she drew near the church-yard"—Florenoe observed Owen's fingers tighten on his coat, his knuckles looked quite strained,— she saw, or thought she saw, a tall woman in black." "Fire away, Floy !" said Arnold, a second time. " I like this; it's getting interesting." But he did not^shift his eyes from Owen's face a moment. " There—there is not much more to tell," she said, nervous from sympathy, "except that Lizzie screamed and ran home, and arrived half wild with fear." "What was the woman like?" Arnold demanded. *' Dressed in black, you say." " All except her hands. She wore a thick veil." " Odd to go prowling about the village at half-past one in the morning; don't you think so, Fairford ?" " I beg your pardon, what did you say ? ' Owen asked. Florence had never heard his voice vibrate in that way hitherto. "Odd that a woman, tall, dressed in black, veiled, should be prowling about the village after midnight Who can she be, Fairford?" "I am sure I—" He paused, and his face had colour enough in it now. After a moment of painful embarrassment, he pped nearer to Florence and offered his hand. "I think I must say good-night, Miss Derwent." 'So soon," she faltered. But her conventional protest was nipped in the bud by his look of entreaty. Pressing her hand, he left the room without taking the least notice of Arnold. " Floy," he demanded why'didn't yon tell me about tills woman before f' " Simply because it did not occur to'me." " Of course she hangB out next door." "Why shoald she?" Florence asked quickly. "You ask that, after seeing Fairford give himself away as he did! You ought to have told me, Floy; if I'm to get at the truth you mustn't keep baek anything. Now I have something to go upon." " I don't see what." " Don't you ? Now listen to me. Uncle Roderick either went away of his own accord, or he killed himself, or got killed. A IPV can't hide his own body after killing himself; another man may hide it for him. No use to suspect the parson or the doctor, or any ordinary Christian. You must look for some one out of the common—this woman, for instance. Now, who lives at Forest Proapect"' " Owen Fairford." " Yes, yes, but who lives with him ?" "Noone but the servants," she replied reluctantly. "You don't mean to|tell me he lives alone?" " I have never heard- of any one living with him," she said. " But " "Wait a moment, Floy. You saw he knew all about the woman. No man ever gave himself away more beautifully. If she doesn't live next door, where does she live ? She must hang out somewhere in Rookfield. What I want to know is where f "You know all that I do about her, Arnold," Florence answered wearily. "I don't know much yet. But he knows everything. If Bhe was prowling about Monday night, why not other nights? why not the night Uncle Roderick disappeared r' Suppose she saw him!" " If she did, though nothing is more unlikely—" 4 ' If 1—you treat it coolly, Floy. Why, it would be most important evidence; it carries his history down nearly three horns later. She could tell us for certain which way he went." " Surely," Florence nrged, " if she conld tell us, whoever she is, and wherever she lives, she would have done so at first. What reason could she have for secrecy ?" "I don't know that," Arnold answered, " but it is the best elite that has turned up yet. Here is a woman whom no one has 'ever heard of, who undoubtedly lives in the village, who is in the habit of walking about for some reason of her own in the middle of the night." " Who is known to have walked through the village one night, Arnold." " Then," he continued excitedly, " there's this to remember. You tell your story to Fairford. You see that he knows all about her. Yet, instead of offering an explanation, he simply skedaddles. I tell you plainly, I shan't be satisfied till I run her to earth." "Of oourse, if that is the case," she answered, " the only honourable oourse is to ask Mr Fairford for an explanation." She could never ask him herself, ardently as die longed to learn the truth; but then die would never, on the other hand, take one stop to find it out. Yet it was true, as Arnold said, that Owen had betrayed himself ; and Florence also felt confident that, whoever it was that terrified Lizzie, Owen knew all about her. " I'm not quite a Juggins !" cried Arnold, In profound disgust. "Fight a man with his own weapons, that's my game." She made no further remark, and soon afterwards bade her couBin good-night. Her sympathies were exclusively with Owen. In his honor her confidence was complete. She never wavered in her trust. That some mystery overshadowed his life e Bhe had long felt assured, as now that this woman was at the heart of it. Sid she live at Forest Prospect, as Arnold insisted ? At least, it seemed probable. Rookfield was not a large village, and Florence, having lived in it all her life, could call to mind almost every house It contained, . If the woman did not live next door, where, has Arnold asked, could she live ? Yet if she dwelt with Owen, why had he never even hinted at her existence 1 The notion that she could have even the remotest connection with her father's disappearance Florence set aside as absurd, and she found herself wishing that Owen might preserve his secret against her cousin's strenuous efforts to penetrate it. It was impossible to put aside a feeling of antagonism to Arnold, a sense of alliance with Owen. When she fell sleep early the next morning, her last thought was this— What was Owen Fairford's relation to this mysterious woman ? Could it be that she was his wife ? CHAPTER XIII. THE AUTO- DA-FE. " I wanted a word with you, doctor," said Arnold Derwent, waylaying Dr. Viret as he came downstairs from Ann's room the following morning. "Do you mind coming Into the study. The fact is, I think I've got a clue." " H'm ! you haven't been long about it," ejaculated Dr. Viret, following him into the room. " I can say that foi myself," Arnold continued, " when once I'm on the job I precious soon knock it off. About thia woman Lizzie saw in the village Monday night." " Lizzie is a fool. If that is your clue, I don't think it will help you much." "That's where you're wrong," said Arnold, as Florence quietly joined them. " At least, the wench may be a fool, probably is, but that doesn't affect her eyesight. She saw somebody right enough. You know Fairford next door ?" " No, I don't know him," was the reply. "Nobody knows the man. Per hips he doesn't want to be known. Sensible !" ** Father knew Mr Fairford," Florence interposed, looking down at the carpet. "Anyway, he waB in here last night," said Arnold. " It is a fact that this woman was prowling about on Monday night. Now, why not the night of the fourth of March, too ? And if so, a hundred to one she saw Uncle Roderick." " And yet held her tongue about it!" exclaimed Dr. Viret inorwiulonsly. "Extremely unlikely ! Women are generally ready enough to talk, Heaven knows." " Oh, youmake me tired ! Of course, if you sit upon every suggestion, it's no use going on. I merely state a theory; if it won't work, give it up and try another; only, at least, let it have a chance. You can't deny there's a good deal that's fishy. I'll swear tbe woman is connected with Fairford—most likely his wife." "What do you mean?" Dr. Viret demanded. " What makes you say that ?" " She must live somewhere. Fairford is supposed to have the house next door to himself—rot! Now, why has he never even hinted at her existence, doctor ?" "Surely," said Florence, "Mr Fairford may have excellent reasons for keeping his .own counsel, which don't concern us." " Oh, no doubt he has the best of reasons !" Arnold retorted. "She never appears by day—a regular night bird. You can't deny that it looks suspicious, doctor." Dr. Viret hesitated, and looked extremely judicial for a few moments. " If there is suoh a persoj in existence," he admitted, "no doubt it does, look strange. But Is there ? Yon have only this silly woman's testimony; and even if that is to be depended npon, how do yon know that she is connected with Fairford ?" " Because he gave himself away so beautifully. Unmistakable. Florenoe saw it too. She began to tell ns about Lizzie's fright, and the was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he knows just all about her." "Well then, granting all that," said Dr. Viret, " it does not follow that she can tell you anything about Mr Derwent. If so, of course she would have spoken long before now; and the idea of her being actually connected with the crime is absurd—Bhe would have no earthly motive." "Have you never heard of a murder without a motive?" he asked. "Oh, Arnold!'' cried Florence. "You can't think she " "Look here, Floy," said Arnold. "I have told you already, I'm only trying to start a working theory. You've heard of homicidal mania, doctor, I suppose ? Imagine this woman is a lunatic." "I should have to imagine she was kept under proper control as well, Mr Derwent." "Sheonght to be—granted. It doesn't follow she is. Suppose she's Fairford's wife and a luny ! In order to avoid putting her away, he hides her. She is liable to periodical attacks of mania. You must have come across hosts of such cases. This particular night—the night of Uncle Roderick's disappearances—she runs mad at the wrong time." " Absurd 1 impossible !" exclaimed Dr, Viret. "I never heard anything more ridiculous in all my life, never. Such a woman would leave the body where it lay." He glanced anxiously at Florence's pue face as he ceased speaking. And she, despite the improbability of his theory, could not prevent it from tormenting her. Her poor father ! and poor Owen also ! It might be trne, and he ignorant; or it might be ridiculonsly untrue, as Dr Viret avowed. Arnold's dogmatic, eager manner lent the suggestion a kind of plausibility, and, save Inspector Holt's, no other theory had been propounded. "No, no, not so fast," said Arnold. " Some of these lunies are devilish cunning. If she is not wrong in her mind, how do you account for her way of living—for all this confounded mystery? If Bhe is not mad, what is she ?" After Dr Viret had expressed his dissent with increased force and gone back to his laboratory, Arnold still continued the discussion, and though Florence presently left him to seek Ann, she was compelled to meet him at meals, when she heard the argument restated. " You know," he said, after dinner that evening, "I'm working for you quite as much as myself. Come to that, I don't want to injure the woman or your friend Fairford either. They may both be as innocent as I am, ana that's just what I • want to find out." " But how, Arnold ? what can you do ?" "That's a matter for consideration," he replied. " I'll have a pipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing is plain : I can't touch a penny of Uncle Roderick's money till I prove his death. But I shan't stop there, Floy. This old place wouldn't be habitable without you. You haven't forgotten the good old times. They were good times. I often thought of them when I was away." " At Teneriffe, Arnold ?" " Ah !" he cried, with a pleasant laugh, " one to you, that! You may not believe it, but I often think of your dragglrg me out after primroses in the wood. Remember that day I bagged the pheasant's eggs, and they broke in my pocket?" The truth about me is just this, Floy : if you stick to me, I can keep straight; but if you don't— well, I shall go to the deuce headlong. I'm just imperfect without you, ana with yon "You are perfect, Arnold ?'' she suggested, with a smile, albeit a rather Bad one. "At all events, Im as good as most Johnnies," he retorted. "I mav not be able to write poetry, like Uncle R/derick. I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty the last season I played, and I can fight—there, I don't want to brag; and whatever I am, your word is law, and you can twist ma round your little finger, Floy." He had, at least, furniahed her with food for reflection. Had she really so much influence over him? and, if so. could it be turned to a useful purpose, to induce him to relinquish his Idea of attempting to probe Owen's secret ? For of this she felt certaia: nothing could result but disaster, of what nature she dreaded to imagine, Her own curiosity had become extreme, her cariosity to learn whether the woman she believed to live at Forest ProBpect was Owen's wife. About the hour when Florence retired to A nn's room for the night, Joe Bodger happened to be standing at the back window of his bedroom admiring the moon, low down over the trees tops. The house had been in darkness some time, and the night being fine, he was wondering whether or not the pernon in whom he felt so deep an interest would set forth Though he had followed her on every occasion bat one, when he had seen her quit the honse, and was not far off on the occasion of Lizzie's fright, having indeed jost succeeded in hiding himself in time to avoid detection, he had never dis* covered any purpose in her peregrinations. She went out, usually taking the same direcMon, and came home again; and, at the present rate, a year might elapse and Joe none the wieer. He stood at his window, staring at the sinking moon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he distinguished a patch of flickering light thrown on to the garden bed, which a few moments before looked quite black. What did that light signify ? Well, it seemed to print to the fact that some one was in the kitchen, apprently making up a blazing fire there. How could Joe obtain a view of this apartment he was so familiar with ? After a few minutes' reflection, he formed his plans, and, taking one or two useful implements, set forth to carry them out. At the side of the house was the window, that of the scullery, and before it a kind of sunk area. Into this Joe descended, but not only was the window shut, its green cotton blind was drawn down. Otherwise, he might have easily commanded a view of the kitchen, there being a door between it and the scullery, which was seldom closed. But he dared not open the window, lest Owen should hear. Taking a chisel from his pocket, he passed it deftly round the pane, cutting deep into the putty on three sides, and holding it in position with his extended fingers whilst he loosened the fourth. He next removed the pane of glasB, laying it carefully upon the edge of the area, and, putting hin chisel away, took out a rai.or. Whilst he pressed its keen edge against the blind he held his breath. The noite of the incision might attract attention ; Owen might even be looking his way at the moment the blade penetrated. For that is was Owen in the kitchen he felt no doubt whatever. The sound of flames reached. Joe's ears; what were they intended to destroy? One cut downwards an inch long, two at right angles, and a flap was formed, whioh he lost no time in drawing back. His right eye immediately sought the hole. He could command a full view of one half the kitchen. Watching the flames, Owen stood, his arms flolded, his face lighted by the fire, wearing an expression of loathing and diegust. After disappearing a moment, he reentered Joe's field of vision, carrying a large brown paper parcel, which'he flung into the grate, afterwards pressing it down with the tongs. Again he disappeared, this t ime returning with a bottle; uncorking it, he emptied the.contents upon the fire, starting back alertly as the flames burst forth with renewed vigor. Owen's profile stood out distinct and clear as he sat upon one corner of the plain deal table, his arms folded, his lips firmly set, until the flames grew smaller and the shadows danced more weirdly on the ceiling and walls, and at last they grew dim, and died out altogether. Then O.wen left the kitchen, and Joe quickly opened the window and entered it. But though he lighted a candle and raked over the ashes, he could discover nothing to afford a clue to^their origin. It was an hour later when lie made his exit, as much at a loss as ever, but not before placing the pane of glass at the bottom of the area, and cautiously netting Us foot upon it. Perhaps Mrs Cawdrey would imagine that it had fallen out; at all events, with all her watchfulness, she would scarcely suspect Joe of its removal. CHAPTER XIV. ABNOLD MAKES A CALL. " How's old Ann, Floy ?" askbd Arnold at breakfast on Saturday morning. "Had a pretty good night ?" " A night of great pain," was' the answer. " Every now and then ahe starts up in agony. Dr Viret says she will die in one of these paroxysms." " Angina pectoris, that's true enough," he said sagely. " You ought to have a nurse. The idea of you having this sort of tiling night after night I" : •« There is the expense to be considered," she replied, rather wearily. "Ton forget that Dr Vlret practically pays for every. : thing, Besides, Ann is not an ordinary servant. J like to do what I can for her.' " Oh, all right, if that's the case," he exclaimed, rising abruptly. "By the bye, Floy, I'm going to make a little call." " Where?" she a&ed;, looking up quickly. *' Next door, to be sure." ««Oh, Arnold I" "Why not 1" he demanded. "Why shouldn't I return Fairford's visit? Not much harm in looking up a friend of yours and Uncle, Roderick's, is there, Floy? What have you got to say against it? You've no reason, I'll swear." "Nevermind my reason, Arnold. Iam sure you won't go. I don't want you to go. I ask you to oblige me by staying away." " Look here, Floy," he answered, "there's hardly anything you can ask me I won't do gladly." " One can generally obtain what one does not want," the returned. "Thereia nothing else I wish to ask you, but I do very particularly want yon to oblige me in this." " Don't you want to learn the truth about Uncle Roderick ?" he demanded, " Of courae, you know I do. You know . how anxious I am to learn the truth. But neither Mr Fairford nor—nor any one at his house can have the slightest glimmering of an idea of it. Not any more than you yourself have." "I haven't a scrap. How should I have, considering I was not even in England at the time? But she knows; the more I think of it the more sure I become." "Then," she.said. rifling and drawing herself erect, so that he forgot Owen for the moment to admire her gloriouB form, " you refuse to oblige mfe? I ask you to do just this one simple thing, and you say no." "I'd a deuced sight, rather say yes," he replied; "and it's for your sake I stand finn quite as much as my own." "That," she retorted, Vis perfect nonsense. I don't want you to do anything for .. my sake." * " Well," he urged, "if you really believe -the woman is ignorant, where is the harm in my calling npon Fairford ? Why should yon be so precious anxious she shouldn't be run to earth?' "Not for that reason at all," she answered. " Bnt you believe this—this person lives at Forest Prosfcefct." '' So do you, Floy." ... «'And if 'sie doss, that Mr Fairford wishes to "keep his own cotnsel concerning her. I hate this .notion of prying into ' smother person s affairs: ' ** That begs the entire question,' I maintain it is my affair—very much my affair. It's .not aB , though I intended to.give nayself away* It's true I mean to go, -but he, will never know why. JuBta friendly, look ujfe.ypakndwv" \- ' " Friendly !" she exclaimed contemptuously, and, leaving him, went away to torment Tier-Self by wondering "whether, in tier secret desire to help Owen, ahe had not been betrayed too far. Was she sp sure that this person had no connection, howeyer innocent, with her father^ d^PPearanoe? Wf» ahe prepared to forego a, knowledge of ?he truth sooner than^rfng further trouble npon Owen ?' ? For of one thing she felt no flonbt: whatever «xptad»1aon might eventually be forthcoming, it must necessarily redound to Owen's credit. Concerning Arnold she jfelt a fresh disappointment. So this was the extent of her influence over him, which he had vaunted. The day before yesterday he declared she possessed power to make or mar his life; this morning he refused to give up one deBire in order to please her. Fortune, favouring the bold, perhaps, discovered Owen on his doorstep when the visitor arrived at Forest Prospect about eleven o'clock. " A jolly morning," he exclaimed, in that peculiarly jaunty, cordial manner of his. " So precious dull at home, I thought I'd give you a look up. I see yon're an idle man like myself, so I'll just make myBelf at home, and walk in." " Oh, come in," he said, in a tone which would have repulsed a less thick-skinned man. " Come into the dining- room, if you don't mind. You'll have a drink ?" " Thanks. The worst of a house with a woman at the head of it. She never understand a fellow's wants. You can't find it very frolicsome here," he added, helping himself from the whisky and the. ayphon which Owen took from the sideboard "No, I don't," answered Fairford, following his guest's example, and sitting down. " My couBin tells me you live alone, too. " Owen nodded assent. "How on earth do you kill time? By killing birds, I suppose ? Shoot at all ?" "In April?' answered Owen, with a smile. "I forgot. To tellfyou the truth, I think I'm gping dotty. My head has only got.one idea in it just now. You see, I have all my., work cut out. Imagine my position—a thousand a year ready to drop into my hands, and yet devil a sou can I touch until I prove my uncle's death. It isn't so much that I am actuated by a desire to punish the murderer—" " If he was murdered." " Well, what do you think ?" "I try to keep an open mind until I see some more evidence," answered Owen, " That be hanged I" cried Arnold, whose head soon became affected. "You can't help having a theory." " If I were bound to express an opinion," said Owen coldly, " I should say Mr Derwent committed suicide." " Then where on earth is the body ?" " If I could answer that question, the truth would have been known long ago. No doubt Mr Derwent was beside himself with grief. His bed had not been disturbed; he had not lain down that night. He was heard to call his dead wife at eleven o'clock —a sign his mind was unhinged, at all events, for the moment. I don't agree with Inspector Holt that he merely went away, simply because I know of many oases where suicides have evidently tried to hide all traces of their acts. God help them!" "Well," answered Arnold, leaning exoitedly forward, "I'll tell you what I believe. You remember my cousin's story about the housemaid, and what she saw ?" "Yes, I remember that." The recollection apparently caused him anything but satisfaction. " Very well. Now it's evident this woman prowls about the village at night." "Evident that she was walking- in the village one night, perhaps." " Who is she?" Arnold demanded, leaning further across the table. "Nobody knows who she is, .where she liveB. Nobody -but this servant of ours ever saw her. Mustn't there be some pretty strong reason for keeping her dark 1" " I should imagine so." Owen moistened his lips a second time. " Suppose she's a luny— 15 " I beg your pardon?" *'A lunatic—out of her mind, off her head, dotty, you know." Owen started perceptibly. "Suppose she's a lunatic, I say." " Yes, yes ; I quite understand." "I wish to Heaven I did J" Arnold exclaimed. "Well, then suppose, again, she encountered my uncle that night of the foflrth of March." Owen rose, and walking to the window, stood looking out of it. " My imagination is not strong enough, he said quickly. "Fairford," cried Arnold, rising impetuously and coming behind him, " I declare te God I'll run that woman to earth 1" " She may be as ignorant as the rest eif us —as innocent." Owen seemed to be placing a great control upon himself, speaking as if -the words were wrung from Mm. - - "Then," Arnold demanded, "why doesn't she speak out ?" " Being ignorant, how <ten she * ( She isn't ignorant. Innoceht she may be. I'll swear she saw my uncle that night. Why is there so much mystery about her f "Surely," Owen returned, "tliere may be excellent reasons for that—reasons of the —the woman's own, of no consequence to any one else." " I'll find out," cried Arnold. The wisest course for her friends is to help me. If they don't the consequences rest with them. If I drop across her, I'll have *that veil off her face—" "She is a woman, Derwent," said Owen;' and his fists were nervously clenched. " A hang for that 1 if she's a devil, I Bhall tackle her." "As you suggest," said Owen, "she may have Mends, Mr Derwent." "I'm not afraid of them or any man living,"^Arnold retorted. "My only wish is to gefposaession of my own. Well," he added, " I didn't come here to excite myself, oidy to kill time—just to look yon up, you know. Time I was getting back to Florence." "A nice old staircase," he said. "Yon can't say you haven't plenty of room ; that's why you put the partition up, I suppose? Well, good- bye, Fairford. I hope you'll give us a look up again before long; and don't cut away so early next time you come. Ta-ta." "I wish now I had taken your advice and stayed at home, Floy," he said, after luncheon. " That's the worst of me: I never see things qntil ifs too late. Not bnt I gained something. I had very little doubt before, but now I'll stake my life die lives there—behind that partition upstairs. I'd give something for a quarter of an hour L behind it. Still, I admit I made a mistake ; I showed my hand, you see." " I—I don't quite understand'," Florence answered. " Well, of course, he knows I'm on the watch now. He'll keep her olose, whoever she is. He'll have to, if he doesn't want T me to see her." (To ie Continued. J 