CHAPTER XXIII. Rosamond's Cottage itood in one of the fairest spots in tbe fair county of Wiokham. Nature had indeed been lavish with her ' gifts; and it was little wonder that the good people around Wickborough chose this spot for their picoio and al-fresco parties. Hills ?- and dales, shady nooks, clumps oi stately old ;'.- treea, a winding river, and a waterfall oom 'i bined to make it a pleasant retreat on this f - - sweet June day. Tbe sun wee shining with ', celestial radiance, and touched with its glow 'f ? the faoei oi the little group of children, ten or twelve in number, who were buoy bi bees ?? fa the hollow, making a fire upon wbioh to , * boil the kettle. These little ones formed ; Minnie Chsmpernowne's Sunday class, and \ aha was giving them their annual treat. She had enliated Netta's services, and Lady I Harlech was in her element. Minnie waa a 's little shy with her young charges, with the \ exception of one delicate deformed little 1 thing, a, fragile creature unable to join in I either games or romps, and who tat quietly I upon Minute's knee to hear stories while Netta fj organised hide-and seek, hunt the the slipper, :; .and blind-man's buS This Isst was tbe ; favorite game and the children pressed forward j eagerly to be blindfolded. There waa some , difficulty as te satisfying the claimants, until Netta proposed that the eyas of two only should be bandaged. ? Off they went, dodging ; round and round, springing out from behind the bushes, nipping, pinohing, indulging in '- every imaginable freak and triok, in all of I whioh Netta was foremost. It was vain that ' Minnie urged gently that this was quite an ; unnecessary part of the programme.. ' The children oan play by themselveB,' she ?aid, in her soft pretty voice ; ' and Sir Alan and Miss Harleoh would hardly approve your ' joining them.' But Netta only laughed ; that Marcia should disapprove was enough to make her aet in oppoiition to her. And now Lady Harlech was oaught and blindfolded. The children were delighted; the bandage was tied on, and away they went again with re* newed spirit. Netta's delicate muslin dreis, with its lace and ribbons, got sadly torn and '.' rumpled in tbe frolic Suddenly she became conscious of a loll ; silenoe seemed to have ' ; fallen upon the gay voices, all the little feet were still. 1 What is the matter V Netta asked. ' Have you all fallen aileep V No answer being returned, Netta slipped i off the bandage, and soon discovered the 1 cause of the silenoe. A gentleman was pre | sent. The little girls enlightened her as to bis name, and pointed in ihe direction of Minnie. 1 It is the Earl,' they said ; ' and he has been a-hiding for some time behind Ihe ferns. Sally seen him. j ' Did she indeed ?' Netta returned, ' laughing. ' Well, you needn't stop playing beosuse he his oome. When he was a little boy I dare say he played blind man's buff like anyone else.' Netta was infinitely amused at the awe which his preasnee seemed to inspire ; even ; Minnie appeared a little flustered as the raised her cbina-blne eyes to the handsome ! stranger was the very image of ' the wicked KariA ? Strangely enough, quiet retiring Minnie Ohampernowna had a liking for the dark ': mysterious faoe of John, Earl of Wiokham ; ; it pleased her to look at his picture, his eyes \- 5 seemed to follow her when she was in the r room where it hung. No one knew of this weakness of the doctor's daughter ; bat Netta was struck by the expreision of her friend's / faoe as she stood beside Paul. ' You look as if you had seen a ghost 1' I she oried laughing. * I am afraid I startled Miss Champernowne )' the Earl said aplogetically. 'I came upon her rather suddenly.' 'And how do you know she is Miis Cham pernowne V Netta asked a little resentfully, though she was amused at Minnie's spell bound manner, which she atribmed to her ! reverence for a title. 'Even Minnie oan't j aaeape this ridiouloas fetish-worship of a lord,' i aha thought, with a ourl of her beautiful red I lip. i The Earl's eyes rssted upon the dootor's j daughter with evident admiration ; his voice I in addressing her took a softer tone. { ? We don't require to ba, told who some i people are,' he said ; - we know them intuit 4 iveiy. I think, Netta, your description was l'i . aeeurate. I should have known Miss Cham ' pernowne by it anywhere. ' I don't remember to have giaen you any,' Netta rejoined, with a little Isugb. - But it doesn't matter. I am rery glad you have 1 come.' 1 ' And 10 am I,' the Earl said fervidly and I truthfully. : Ha was quite at home with the two girls. i As was only natural, he talked most to Netta ; f but his glanoe wandered constantly to Minnie's j, face. The girls eyes fell beneath the tender |i looks of this new Earl about whom she' bad -j heard so maoh. He certainly did not look ',' wieked— only unhappy — curiously 10, she II thought for a man to whom snch great good y fortune had oome bo unexpectedly. She % listened to the talk which went on between /, him and Notts, and envied her ease of manner i' with the young nobleman. He was the Earl to her ; for all her life she had been accus tomed to look up to the Lords of Wiokham, | i the owners of the soil— of the waterfall, and Rosamond's Cottage, and Wiok Castle itseif , whioh in the eyes of the Wiokborougb folk was equal to any plaoe in the country. It seemed to her that Netta was a little auda cious, calling him ' tbe Marquis of Oarabas ' to hia face, as she had done behind his back, and chaffing about his new dignity. Still it was all very pleasant, and the aound of thsir merry voices filled the pretty glade at the foot of tbe waterfall. But even pleasant things must have an ending ; and there were the children to be considered. It was with a pang of remorse that Minnie remembered the poor little things for whose amusement she had come to the Cottage. She started up to go in search of them, making Netta laugh by her look of repentance. (To be continued.) 