NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN A fair nmount of business transacted on Melbourne 'Clmnjte this morulu#. Some Interesting particulars of the proposed Ynnu Improvements for the prcvcutlon of lloodH, totretlier with two tlingrauiH of same, given on page 2. Mr Justice Hodges stated to-day that no .Chamber business would be taken to-morrow, and that the Chief Justice would deaT with suclTbuslness on Fri day. A serniou on Sweating was preached the Rev Edward Taylor in the East St. Kilda Congregational Church on Sunday last. - A resume of It Is given on page 3. Ageuts requiring extra copies of "The Weekly Times" this week, in view of tlio'spcelal illustrations given lu connection with tho Eldorado cala mity, nre requested to order them at once.' ' "The Weekly Times" sent its special artist up to Eldorado, and he furnishes n page of admtrnble portraits and views of the heroes, Identities, and scenes- of the mining township iu this week's. I'Weokly Times," Enthusiastic supporters of the junior football clubs, who number many thou sands iu: and around Mefixwriic, will tlud ."The- Weekly Times1' of special Interest this week. The portraits of eleven of the captains nre given, spe cially taken by Talma. "May it never be. said to tis when we stand fnco to face. with Christ, 1 was sweated and ye stood liy, nay, was a party to It. Inasmuch as ye did It to the least of those my brethren ye did It unto me.? " Thus the Rev Edward Taylor In his sermon on Sumluy. The ghost fiend Is still at large. The South Yarra Incident turns out to be but a weak imitation of the previous practices. The. accused In this case, 8ydncyErrlnglon, has been remanded to npiwnr before the Prnhrun Pencil to-morrow. Lawyer (to witness): "Were you never charged with beating a police- niunV" Wltuess (Indignantly): "No, I was not charged with that. It wasn't one policeman; it was three police men." (Great, laughter.) lilt from an Interesting matrimonial case before the Richmond Court to-day, David Dawes, of Kyabram, was ad mitted as a barrister and solicitor ol : the application of Mr Vnsey In tho Full Court lo-dny. When au application for the admission ofMrDawcs was pro- .rlously before the Court, the judges re quired further Infornmtlou as to his legal attainments. A "Herald" representative Inter views the French military celebrity, General Dodds, and has a little talk about New Caledonia. The General says that there will be a gradual reduc tion of convict transportation to that colony, with a view to its helug ulti mately discontinued altogether. "Statementn of claim," said Mr Jus tice Ilodges, this morning, "are getting more and more Incomprehensible, and It Is uoccssnry that they should be In some Intelligible ;form, so that the Court. can deal with them. The rule says that they should be brief state ments, Huniumrlcs of facts. This one seems to be deliberately made as long ind cumbersome as it can be." To-morrow the six judges will sit In Uie Full Court to deal with (lie case of Bruce and M'Cluskoy. At the conclu sion of thin cuso that of tho Queen v. Abrahams will be taken In banco bo- fore Mr Justice Williams, Mr Justice Iiolroyd, and Mr Justice Hood. The next case fixed for hearing Is that of the Mercantile Bank v. Cutbcrtue Lowis nud others. It was reported at the annual meet ing of the Esscudon Land and Finance Coiupiiuy this morning that thero bus beeu a great Improvement in the value of property at Esscndou lately. Houses are Iu demand, the value of building sites arc being Increased. If only a railway could be constructed through the district,- things would go ahead with a bound, It is said. Much virtue lauatC! An "I don't know" examination took pluee iu the Insolvency Court to-day. The witness was a lady. Scene between two lawyers at Rich mond to-day. The Bench advises them to "light it out In Chancery lane." The Water Supply Committee held another meeting, devoted to the consi deration of their report, at 1'arlhiiiieut House to-day. A man's best witness when he is .In trouble is ids wife or sweetheart. Thus Judge Molesworth, iu the Insolvency Court this morning. Fltzroy and Collingwood Charities Carnival taking place at tho Exhibi tion Building this aflernoou. Some particulars elsewhere. By Gnunt's Instruments at noon to day the readings were: — Barometer, 30.025, slowly fulling; thermometer, iu the sun 02deg., shade 55deg. An Inquest is belug bold to-day ou the body of a child which was found dead in a house at Windsor, next door to thnt'ln which Deeming murdered Emily Mather. An extraordinary charge of being on the premises by night was heard at the Richmond Court this morning. The accused, who Is a divorce expert, was lined 20s, with costs. "There nre two very difficult things" — snys fits Honor Judge Molesworth. "The one Is to silence a woman wheu she wants to speak, and' the other Is to make her speak when she prefers tci be silent" .-Really now, -your Honor! The Standing Committee ou Rail ways will proceed to Waudong on Fri day to Inspect the proposed narrow- gauge line. On Tuesday next the com mittee will meet to further consider the question of uarrow-guuge rail ways. lutercstlng examination in the In solvency Court to-day in the estate of William Glew, junior. Mrs Glow kuows nothing of her husband's where- ubonts. "1 don't; believe he Is Iu Vic toria.. I don't believe lie is anywhere- said the lady. Those Interested In the tallow, hide, and sheepskin business will he pleased to leant that the Railways Commis sioners have nrrnnged that from to- morrow Inclusive those articles will he classified in the ,-v division of goods traffic, which means a reduction of about 25 per cent, on present rates of carriage. A deputation representing the Eehu- ca and Wuruugu Water Trust, accom panied by Mr Webb, M.L.A.. and Messrs Sternberg and Wlntcr-Irvlng, M.'sL.C., to-day requested the Minister of Water Supply to allow thcin to strike a Hhilllug rate for 1895, instead of an clghteenpcuuy one. They bused their application 011 the poverty of the farmers hi the ' district. Mr M'Coll when Minister had grunted a similar request with regard to 189-1, 011 tho understanding that the higher rate would l>e struck for the present year. Mr Foster said that he did not see his way to graut the concession, but would not finally decide without givlug the matter further consideration. FIFTH EDITION. NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL. (CoNTINUntl KHOM FaUK 1). At the meeting of tho Hon I'd of Health this afternoon It was decided to deelaie Singapore, where miinll-imx had recently broken out, an Infoeted port. William llmies, arrested on a charge of being concerned hi tlx? went din inonil robberies in Sydney, brought up nl the Central Omiri ilieiv lo iluy ami remanded. Hall fixed L2Dfik The London forgers are undergoing hard times. The latest batch of for- gers of letters of cjvdh on Contts Hank have received severe sentences. Heatmiont, ten years; I'leyifoll, eight; nnd Carr, six. A gratifying |»1e-e of evidence that .Victoria milling resources are valued on the London market. Is afforded by the announcement that the Croat Sou thern New Claim has hceu floated with n capital of Limi.OOd. Mrs Hose Clew watt examined In lite Insolvency Court to-Uay by Mr Woolf regarding her husband's estate. Mr. Wonlf failed to obtain Iho lafomatlon lie sought, ami eventually gave up the task. The lady knew nothing at. all. Mr. Cludstono is to address a met?!- lag ut Chester In connection with the Armenian question. 'J'he Crand Chi Man, although retired now from active politics, can easily 1m; roused when the cause Is a protest against man's Inhu manity to man. Mr Hume (Jouk, M.L.A.. at tin meet ing of the Australian Widows' Fund lo day, iu drawing attention to » para graph In "The Herald," said tills paper Boomed to get hold of everything. li does, Mr Cook; It does. Dr Shields, the Covernmenl medical Dfllcer, was asked to-day as to I lie con dition of the Abrahams brothers, now In tin; Caol Hospital. He replied that the four broihers were "going on all right," but there was no appreciable change ln-thelr condition. In tho Criminal Court this uClernonn Jdhn Corrle was sentenced by Mr Jim- with hard lalmr, for unlawfully ami In decently assaulting a female, ills Honor snld the prisoner appeared to be another of the numerous vctims to drJuk. Only one more sent lo l>e filled in the House of Commons, In order lo make up the full complement of t',70. Co- Veniiueiit majority now 1f»3.JIow mem- tiers of the new House are distributed over the respective parties, with a comparison with Ihe old House, fur- lilshed in another column. The references of the Chairman of Directors of Die Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society at Die meeting Dils afternoon to tin? two now forms of policy (wtuhlishod by Die so- clety— Die "Family Trust Investment" nnd the "Family Trust Instalment"— policies furnish very Interesting rend ing for husbands and tat hers who wish to make provision for their wives and famines. At the half-yearly meeting of the JAustraliau Widows' Life Assurance (Society to-day, Die Chairman of Dlree- Kors, Mr Thompson Moore, wild that 'during the past eight months ending .'!0l h June last new business hnd in creased. while void liuslness and dentil claims had both decreased. If the fig ures were; sustained iu the same pro portion during the remaining foiir mouths of the financial year the direc tors would Ik; able at the annua! meet ing iu January next to report it slale of nfl'nira which would he more than satis factory to members of Die society. Householders Iu the suburbs are cau tioned against, a man who Is going round selling soap. Ills method is to call at a house, see a lady If possible, and Induce her to take Die agency for tho sale of certain soap. A cake of the soap is shown, ami if Die Imly con sents to act as required, the limn gives her a packet, which, he stales, contains twelve cakes of the soap named, and receives fis in payment. When Die packet is opened it is found to contain twelve calces of soap of the common est kind. .Several cases of Die kind have reeenliy occurred, and two of them were reported to the pollen yes terday. AIDiotigh Die election of six commit teemen on Die Hoard of Management of Die McllMiiirne Hospital Is lining held to-day, there Is bill little mani fest excitement in the vieluily of the imlllii'r booth ill tlm i roil 1 1 ill loo 1 1 1 1 lug the morning, from the opening of the (roll at nine o'clock, the various candidates and their friends hnve been in evidence at Die front gales, and no one who enters who Is assumed io be u voter is allowed lo pass by the various partisans whhout being polite ly requested to accord support to one or other of Die candidates. Every thing, however, Is being conducted most decorously, Dr (Sresswell reported at Dm meeting of the Hoard of Health this afternoon that everything hi connection with the small pox ou hoard Dm; LtiKltanla had progressed satisfactorily since last meeting. Excluding Dm; police, frfl per- ho mi laid been quarantined. Thirty- seven of these were passengers. Twenty- three of Die latter hud been re leased. ami Ihe remainder would ho set nl liberty on Da; -Mb prow He had consulted Dm Minister, ntid It hnd been decided io issue an order directing that the vessel should go into Dm; outer anchorage when she returned from Hydney for loading. The only aecea- nary precaution to take would he to look after the )illot after the vessel took her departure. Aiill-Spookht write:: — Sir,— After carefully comparing Ihe accounts given by Die vnrlomi victims of our "Super natural Sport" as to Ills mode of rapid travelling, etc., I have arrived at Die conclusion that he has possessed him self of a pair of pneumatic eyrie skates by means of which he would Iks able to attain a great speed on any ordinary rami. They would give him the isictt- liar gliding motion, lie perfectly noise less and nlm> add materially to his height. Would it not lie passible to form a corps from our police force and 111 out a few of the Uthcr members (If there are any) with cycle skates, sprint them off iimler the command of some eompetenl, hut not loo portly, sergeant ; to scour the country '! 1 understand there have been very few of those skates sold, and mostly, If not nil, from M'Ewan's, of Elizabeth street ; there fore, If my theory 1 » correct, our theory loving friends, the detectives, might obtain some clue to our spook on ball- bearings. Sly best wishes to the ghost ly gentleman are thai he may punc- turo his pneumatic tyre when flying from the hot pursuit, of u police aer- geuiit ou cyclo skates, y - Money lenders and their clients nnd the usury laws referred to In Parlia ment this afternoon. Particulars on this page. John Woodford Ilylaiid, describing himself as Professor Hautinont, was this afternoon acquitted of the charge of selling noxious drugs for Illegal purposes. Clara Jeffrey this afternoon found guilty of concealing tins hlrtli of her illegitimate child, and commuted for trial on that charge. The jury found (bat the child had been accidentally sufi'ocated. Intelligence from broken Hill this afieraoon indicates that there will soon he a general resumption of work, Dm locale directly nhVetod by the lire alone excepted. Cheering news for Dm; army of men who have lx;en thrown out of work. It does not lake much to keep a man) at I lie Old Soldiers' Home. Sixpence a day without sueli comforts as hecr and "Imeoy." With Diem, say, lO'd. What high old times the lotipoucc-half- penny men gel. when compared with Dm; mere slxponayworths! John Dray was tills afternoon sen tenced by Mr Justice Hood to four months' imprisonment wltli hard la bor for altering counterfeit coin. IDs Honor said that he believed there was a much more serious charge agalnsi the prisoner, lint he thought he ought not to take (hat info consideration. A meeting of rlic-Kxcciilive Commit tee of Die Municipal Association of Vic toria was held in the library of tlm Town Hall Dils afternoon, when con sideration was given to a number of resolutions submitted by the various umulcipuiltlcs and slilivrr. The meeting had uoL concluded when this edition Went lo press. Mr Dawson. Chief Cleric of Customs, linn received ids from uu unknown cor respondent. who writes as follows "A friend of mine made tile a present of n few yards of English tweed 011 whicii duly liitrl not. been paid. 1 en close postal note for Ills, being 40 per ceiil. duly nu snld tweed,— Yours, etc., WE." Tin; amount will he placed to the public credit. A fire occurred this afternoon ai. Die resilience of Mrs Keonnn, JfiS Powletl street, East Melbourne. The contents oT a back bedroom were considerably damugw! by Die fire. A detachment of Die Metropolitan Fire Brigade extlu- giibdied Die fiamcs after some hard lighting. The eoiifiagration was caused by some clothes coming In contact with a. fire burning In the room. During Die hearing of it ease in the CUy Court this afternoon, hi which a Chinese, named Mali Tee, wuh charged with having been unduly intimate with a girl named Mary M'Taggart, under sixteen years of age. a girl, mimed Mahel Hiilsamn, who had been arrested In (he house occupied by Mali Tec was called by the pottee lo give evidence. Immediately on getting inlo Dm witness box she turned to the Kenrli and risked who was to pay her expenses. Mr. Punton, after scruti nising her for a few momcats, raid : "Oil. 1 suppose you must Ik; provided for by it paternal Slate." The girl was then sworn and proceeded with tier evidence. The half-yearly meeting of Dm Fede ral Institute of Amiiiutriiils Dncorpo- rated) was held (his afternoon at Dm; oJllce of Mr. W, J. Hunting, Market sired, Melbourne, D was reported that, satisfactory progress had been made during thu six inonllm. Nine fol- lown nnd two associates, had been elec ted, and one member admitted, while funds were in a healthy condition, Tlm examination und law committees hnd met several Dines, nud Dm next exami nation would he heir! in September. A library had atso been formed In con nection with the institute. The meet ing, after receiving the report, pro- reeded to discuss Die provisions of Dm Companies' Hill, now before I'arlln- rneui, affecting accountants und audi tors. 