sMi^ -^'np.THBiiRAVBLLBR. -c/uFHOM BURROWA TO MACMAHON'S -;?/? -.- REEFS. (By Our Special Reporter,) I trttst ray Burrowa friends will not take umbrage at the brief allusion made to their town and district, 'and I feel oure the writer will be forgiven for tak ing leave of them so abruptly when it is stated that he is at the time of penning this article in the vicinity of Wagga and has yet to write about all the places intervening. I am glad, however, to be able to remove an erroneous idea existing in the minds of the people ?with regard to the Burrowa people who are thought to be rather dangerous to have anything to do with, Whenever I happen to mention Burrowa someone is sure to chip in, ' Is it a fact that the people there commence to cart road metal to the racecourse a few that the story is merely a fable. The only thing the visitor is assailed with is good wishes and unvarying hospitality from all. Indeed, it is quite refreshing after being in the cities, where there is a ? total absence of candour, where in fact no greater lie is uttered than often in the sentence, ' I am glad to see you,' to get amongst such open-hearted and genuine people, and know that the welcome to you : is sincere. And this is the feeling one experiences also \- amongst the farmers on Douglas Creek, situated ^midway between Burrowa and Murrumburrah and Binalong. Commencing with the furthest place down, Mr. Cass's, I found him with a nioe scope of coun try and combining grazing with agriculture, he being well advanced with his ploughing. Mr. Cass ? in fact appears to be able to turn hia hand to any thing. Then comes Mrs. Cusack, who since her husband's death has had to manage the place herself ; and right well she is looking after it too.. This lady has \- a nice little property and a pretty homestead facing the road. Mr. Croke adjoining has something like a thousand acres of land, and struck me as being a shrewd and capable man. I did not have the plea ? sure of meeting Mr. A. Cusack, but found the old ? people at home. The old lady and gentleman are , now taking a well-earned respite from the labours of life, the son managing the estate, which is a splendid property, and a handsome homestead has also been built on the place, I now come to a man whom I wish to put forth as an illustration of what can be done on a small area of land. I allude to Mr. J. Ryan, who has only 500 acres of land, and who has become, comparatively speaking, a rich man. He has built a very pretty house, which is called Douglas Cottage, but might well be called a villa. A verandah extends nearly ? the whole way round, and there is a neat flower garden in front and vegetable-garden at the side ; and all the appointments are in keeping with the place. Mr, Ryan has also had his daughter at the Goulburn convent, and the rooms are adorned with' . xicj. ±auvy worn.. ivj.r. ayuh, LutJieiure, ueaerves , every credit for these results, which he has achieved unaided. That is to say, he has no son to help him. The writer spent an evening with Mr. ? and Mrs. Ryan, which was taken up with music . and singing. I had not time to visit the* -'school here, which is in charge of Miss Broderick, whr- by all accounts, is getting the pupils on well. '?'' '' ? ' Further up the-creek is Mrs. Hickey's^srwidow, Who is making a gallant fight with hef property, ; and can hold her own even in these bad times. .. And adjoining Mr. Ryan's is Mr.Cahill's, who is . also getting on well, and whose hospitality I , enjoyed at the time of my visit. . But perhaps one of the most hospitable families on the creek is that of Mr. P. Iiickey's, who, although he does not hail from that county where it is alleged they throw stones, comes from the place 'where the women made such a desperate resistance 'With broken bottles and other missiles in the battle of Limerick. Here a kindly welcome is accorded ?to the visitor, and there is a glow of health and happiness and good harmony in the faces of the in mates, suggestive of contentment and full and plenty, that makes one forget for then once the vicissitudes of the outer world. Mr. Hickey, with the aid of his , sons, has made quite a model farm of his place, which i8 ?well subdivided into suitable paddocks with well, sheds, stable and yards, and fences and well-hung gates, and a number of wattle trees have been left round the house and in the paddocks, which, when in foliage, give the place quite a picturesque ap pearance. The house itself is a comfortable dwell ing with a nice garden in front. All kinds of crops, including maize and lucerne, have been produced here with success. As both my horse and myself experienced great kindness from Mr. Hickey and his family, I was somewhat loth to proceed on my Journey when the time came. Just over the hill, on the way to Galong, is ano ther nice family. The white house and outbuild ings, together with the garden, present a fine appearance from the road. And 1 was informed that the owner, Mr. Whelan, has secured a nice . track of country, and is now combining agriculture ' ? 'with grazing. The daughters, too, have received a good convent education, and are greatly accom ' , plished, there being some nice specimens of their ' artistic ability in the various rooms. I also spent an evening at Galong House, but as I intend-later on giving a special account of this place, I will pass on for the present. There is an hotel at Galong (kept by Mr. Drummond, a most genial man, and one likely to do well), and a railway station, 1 ' and this about constitutes the town. Mr. Doherty is the stationmaster, and Mi\ Hayes, a jovial spirit from the Emerald Isle, is the night officer. Jiut a little way out from Galong is a most important industry, namely, the Bendemere Butter Factory, which was established by Friend Bros., ?who, rinding that sheep would not pay, thought they would try what cows would return. The modus opcrundi on -which the factory is worked is to ; ; give reliable men 500 acres of land and 100 cows, ? and take half profit. I was shown over the factory '.. by Mr. Bartlett, the manager, who comes from ;' America, and is a smart and experienced man, Mr. ; Donoghue being the assistant, i found everything most complete and up-to-date, there being a full ' butter-making plant, but at the time of my visit ; they wore only sending the cream to Syduey which ? ia transmitted every day, Next we come to MNALONO, which ia rather an important town, and moreover has been vendored notorious through a battle here between the police and the bushrangers, Ben Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn, and the names of Sergeant Heales, King, and Bright are recalled in connection i with the encounter. It was a relation of Dunne's who betrayed the whereabouts of the police. Dunn was wounded and turned up at Bookham, where he got his wounds dressed, and getting a saddle and bridle, escaped. Gilbert was shot, and his grave can now be seen just outside the town on the lonely hillside. Mr. Dargin, who has the largest store and drapery establishment here, is one of the leading men of Binalong, and takes a pro minent part in p.t] Catholic movements. Mrs. Ryan adjoining is' also an old resident of the place. There are some fine buildings in this town, including the court-house, Senior- Constable Tracy being the C. P. S. Mr. Mackmson, the P.M. from Burrowa, visits Binalong once a fortnight, the local Justices being Messrs. J. J. Garry, of Mylora, P. J. Maguinnes, Bookham, and E. J. Purchas. The A.J.S. Bank, Avith Mr. Badgery manager, is here, and the railway station, built on the site of the one burnt down some 12 years ago, is a splendid brick building. Mr. G. E. Smith is in charge. The hotels are also good buildings, and on the whole Binalong is a good town. I was nearly for getting St. Peter and Paul's Catholic Church, which is built in the Gothic style right on the top of a high hill, the residents evidently thinking it better to get as near to heaven as possible. The citizens were just about starting a creamery at the time of my visit, which 1 trust will prove a success. Before leaving I thought my tour would not be complete without a .visit to MYLORA, this being the house of Mr. J. J. Garry. This gentleman has a fine property of something under ii0,000 acres, mostly freehold and c. p., it being splendid grazing land, and, on the whole, Mr. Garry is considered to be very safe. The Mylora home stead is nicely situated on the rise of the hill, and is a very substantial and roomy structure, with veran dah partly round it, and set off with railing and lattice-work. The interior of the place is also very nice, and the walls of the sitting-room are adorned with drawings and paintings in oils and water colours by the girls, who received their tuition at the Goulburn convent. The artistic ability here displayed is most meritorious. I had also the plea sure of meeting at Mylora a Mr. Crofts, whose name is Avell known amongst the members of the Irish Societies in the early days of the colonies. Mylora is about six miles from Binalong, and visi tors to Mr. Garry's Avill iind the ride out very plea sant. Just outside the town is a place I must not forget to mention, namely, that of Mr. Browne, who has chosen as pretty a situation as could be found for his residence, Avhich is an exceedingly neat home ntead, Avith an extensive garden in front, Avhich is p' anted with flowers and ornamental trees, and pre oents quite a park-like appearance. The stable and surrounding buildings are also very nice. Mr. Browne's boys have received a good college educa tion, and are now assisting their father in looking after the property, Mr. Browne having a few thou sand acres, of J.tuul,rjthe major portion about twelve miles aAvay. This gentleman appears also to be out of the reach of the financial wreckers. For those Avho have never spent a night in the Australian forest a recital of the unfortunate mis hap Avhich befel the writer the night after leaving Mylora may be of interest to the general readers, and will perhaps serve to show them that the life of a travelling journalist is not altogether one of un alloyed bliss. There are some flies in the honey. I Avas only telling the inmates of Mylora the night previous of hoAV I had not so very long ago had the misfortune to spend A NIGHT IN THE BUSH, and remarking that although it was something to have to relate as an experience, I did not Avant it repeated, and little thinking indeed that I Avas going to have a similar experience. On the first occasion when I spent a night in the primeval forest it happened in this Avise. The scene Avas the one time haunt of Morgan, the bushranger. I Avished to get to a certain homestead across the bush and had an idea, but a Arery hazy one, of Avhere the place was. Night, too, was just coming on, and after Avalking for about two hours and a half I found myself Avithin a few hundred yards- of Avhere I started from. Not to be beaten, I determined I Avould find the place or get lost. I got lost, and after penetrating a dense pine scrub and getting my face and hands all scratched Avith the dry branches, I was hoplessly befogged. And the night, too, Avas very dark. After travelling till about 12 o'clock I Avas completely knocked up and parched Avith thirst, and I uttered a fervent prayer for some water. My prayer Avas answered. I came upon a swamp and I took a copious draught, and found out next morning that I had got more than Avas mentioned in the prayer : the swamp Avas full of microbes. I had swallowed insects by the score. The next consideration Avas a bed for the night. It Avas the first time in my life I had spent a night in the bush, but I took things philosophically. Pulling down some branches from a n3ighbouring tree, I made a bed and lay down and listened for a Avhile to the sibilant noises arising from the swamp, andtheAvind soughing through the forest. But I had not lain long Avhen I felt something craAvling all over me, and found to my dismay that the branches I made my bed of Avere covered Avith ants. Having settled matters Avith the latter, I made another eirort to sleep, and had just dozed off when I heard a crash through the undergrowth, and sitting up saAV some thing Avhite approaching me. ' Morgun's ghost !' I ejaculated, and my hair (stood on end like 'the quills on the fretful porcupine,' but then again I. told myself that ghosts did not make a noise. As the Avhite figure approached I gave a yell and found it Avas only a Avhite cow. However, to shorten the story, it Avas 10 o'clock the next day before I got a cup of tea, being 22 hours Avithout anything. It Avill be readily imagined, then, that the writer had no Avish for a repetition. But when a man gets up in the morning he little knoAvs what is but'ore him. Had I known I avouUI not haA'e asked a cer tain individual between Binalong and the M'MaUon's Reefi? the Avay to a Mr, M'Carthy's, X followed his instructions to the letter, and found I myself when night came on still amongst the hills, j Avhich I traversed up and down and down and up, | crossed and recrossed the creek, and not even the ? glimmer of a light to be seen. And after a feAV j hours of this Avith my horse knocked up, and jaded and weary myself, and almost driven to despair, the \ outlines of a house loomed up before me, but not a sign of life was about the place. The evening light of the moon threw murky shadows across a garden in Avhich briar and rose bushes and gaunt fruit trees now denuded of their leaves vied with ; each other in producing the most ghostly and fan- ? tastic forms. I entered to reconnoitre. All the doors Avere locked, and all being now dark and silent, quite an eerie feeling crept over me. 'And here a desortod Iiufc I find, Which bringo strange thoughts into my mind.' The rustle too of the dead leaAres in the garden, mingled with the mournful cry of the curleAV, heightened the ghostly affect produced. But having made lip my mind to go no further, and to defy ghosts and goblinc, I Avcnt and fixed up my horse for the night, and returned for a further inspection. The house contained several rooms, I conjectured from the size of it, and being determined to get in I forced one of the Avindows open. Everything Avas dark Avithin and a damp odour rushed out, and. Henry Kendall's deserted hut came before me — ?. 'Across this hut the wattle rims I- I And livid adders make their 1-iir, ? [. In corners dark from lack of suns, I And out o£ footid furrows stare i The growths that Genre.' ; But, nothing daunted, I scrambled through the; window and found a bed in the room. The door leading to the other rooms Avas locked, so I lay down.', on the bed. There ma)T have been a ghastly corpse in the room for aught I knew, but it mattered not, I Avas dead tired. Rats, mice, and iguanas and snakes appeared to me to be holding a tournament overhead in the ceiling and down the lining of the walls. Outside nought was to be heard but the murmuring of the creek that Avent past the bottom of the garden, and the wind soughing through the trees where — ? '... night by night the fitful galo Doth carry past the bittern's boom, ?/? The dingo's yol), thu plover's wail, While lumboring shadows start and loom. And hiss through gloom.' But 'Killeevy' slept through it all, and he must here take this opportunity of apologizing to the ; OAvner of the house for his burglarious entrance. : After a ride of seven miles next morning the Avriter | got to M'Mahon's Reef and the house of Mrs. Ward, Avhere Miss Ward soon got me a cup of tea and a good breakfast, which Avas heartily welcome, as I had only a drink of Avater for twenty-four hours. Trusting, therefore, my readers 'will not think I have in any Avay exaggerated, and Avill for give me taking up so much of this article Avith an ' . account of my own adventures, I will leave them for % the present. KILLEEVY ^ 