Town Talk. -o That what should be the last storm of the season came off on Monday last. That there was not much of a shivoo in town, butio the Eastern Buburbs the winds blew, and the rain descended, and some of the flowers in the gardens " kop ped out," as they say in Chitral. That one man well known-in fact, very well known-in town had beeno trying to do a line in 'sanotbums, and when be found that some "Canuells" had been compelled to lay their heads low, he lifted wp his voice and wept a 3005in. bower of tears. That it is generally believed, in the tioinity; that this down.all exceeded the materal meteorological one that had just been recorded by offioial instruments. That it would be a good line to get that weeper to weep in the dry parte of West Moreton. That, if he could be induce8 to weep early and weep often, he would be a public benefactor. That, judging fromt Glassey's address at Gatton the other evening a new light was thrown on the now famous 30,000 unemployed-that is, 'the 30,000 that Glasey says are uoemployed. That 'bheis reported to have said that there were three unemployed persons ia is family alone who 'had never been registered as being without occupation. That now everybody sees how that formidable 30,o00 total has probably been computed. That in tfle "T.T."?man's family there -e six unemployed persons. That in the family of Brown, his next deeoor eighbour(first turning to the night) tlre are eight onemployed persons.a Tl?hat in the faemily of Jones (esoond taraning to the'left-the house with 'the bark roe) there are four ditto. Tihat in tbehoueebold of Smith '(the third house past the Royal Inssitute, with the loevre windows and st?coied ) tem ane seven more individuasls unlimited leisure. That similareondition of thinge may exist inatbodm-aestio c.amps of Messrs. sidlg., Rha:[htook, Lilli, Toti, rBeldi, :a nd onumnnmbered horde of gentlemen of the same ponnasion. STliat-oh, yesa I " Saviours of the sostry" know'how to malce figures samy what they want them to may. S flT ioese sverybodysight where those 30000 eemnployed come from now? at t pe p ee oricket team had a bit ran ecoumrsion (withput "alaruesa") on ''.?eadaylast.. Tht , lo tha d?ay they engaged the SDarktewn'push at Darktown. Tla?t thempipsl talent maniteted by Lthe jprtes on the way out and on the way innearlybrought down the honses alsugde roadl( too speI ). That ?the a?ist on the tsnor born .abold ha'veieen I the ntsiin a i~and. f.hat the bowling of the "eoloured ssheethrwa. - . .setdea6on" -s the order of the ,undling, ad the press bats had to he sraigln herthen the proverbial arrow. flat ihe-pcnolnes took adeep inter. : et l.ytseontes% and made mare or less atle eaommernes thereon. S'Thait Edward was not so soeeesful as eaist withibis 'hg-gances. * T-hfat toe best bit of "fieldinf" during te day -w done by one of the-mpires. . That a ill was: driven hard towards \--him, a~ P .ebe-was within a few feet of ..?e stikesr, he ran a splendid hamne of .aying toieldoa p the ghost. That with the ptesneeof miil which iasMcedase all l'-itetrar -umpires, how ever, he g?gesdthe flight of that bahll to 'a hiits's arbid$I 9nd conseqnent4y s to- day l~..ia the lnd-of the livig without haulgletso macakas a aol(tavy'sir off , :t-.t iie. aewrell-welcome aesl inl .nunecion wMih the Ellenbbrough~stree) Weeleya Ohlimrhwae a decded oose?s. aThet stybody : as sorry to prt with ·~thi'ai. W2,'rBiren. That tisa4tentlema, diring his three yenta' etay hars, -bas gained genesal re That be thee, .in many ways, worked Sharud in the goold cause, and therefore well-meritd the recogeition aaeerded That, sooarding to all accounte, the Rev J. 5. Gee will be a worthyosu erasor. SThat the latsestatietices regarding4he popelation 4 che.ecolonies show Queense land in a very favourable light. That.it appears that this colony--be queen of the 'olonies, by the way--ies .eat or two hesed -of any other on thise Continent- ar Western Anstralia. That thelnerease.ofooles in that pa4rt doesn't coet formnuch. That, as a matter of fact, if the in esae in the population of AustraliaI West werae analysed,.it would probablyt betfond that at least six- tenths of it are due to the oontribtions of ether oloniees \--partionlarly Qaeeneland. That, consequently, this colony really holds the belt with an increase inpopula tion of 1306 per sent. That this is obeering news whendaken in con?enction with tse intelligene that Queesland has also gune ahead re loan businees. That the foat of the loan being cub uribed Lve timesovertehlsmoreebvionusly ad eloquePatly than anything else hbow wa have regained favour in the eyes of the British money-lender. That this faet may not pleasem some ,eople, beesase they prove that their ?eophesies of disaster, and nothing bot disaster, are not based on a sound (boun Jaon. That for some time past the public have been anxiously waiting to see what steps a certain labour leader would take in respest to that little alleged "slip of the tongod'e" at Lowood. That he swas offered the option of deny ing or admitting that he made some s. oeering references to "psalm grinders," but, strange to say, he has been as silent as the grave over the matter. That--but, never mind, there's plenty dt~Iss.tst1 That a report comes to hand of a verj skilful military manmoc~vre executed aT the recent encampment. That it is said that the rationale of the movement was to advance by fours, de ploy in sections, and kick an officer's head-gear off without taking a hair off his scalp. That, up to a certain point, the move ment was eminently successful, but at the crucial stage it failed-like those rockets that were to announce the approach of the enemy, but didn't Il That when the officer's head was reached, it is said that an incautious spur dearly placed him horse-in-a-combat. That a good deal of local interest is felt in this affair, and wonder is expressed whether the attack will be repeated at next enoampment, and, if so, what will be the result. That at present those who are "in the know" hazard the opinion that the offcer will repulse any more attacks by means of cavalry. That it is also reported that at the said encampment a certain mysterious package was carted roayd the lines, and t?he owner anxiously inquired for. That it would seem that the owner is still missing-leastways, he is in no hurry 'to claim his baggage. That the W.C.T.U. Convention, on Thursday last, appears to have been a very successfaIl aiir. That the proceedings were very har monious throughout, and were admirably conducted, which shots that some women can manage to get through business without expressing a desire to unch each other's tiagles. 