_SHORT STORY. Une Night of my Life ABOUT A MADMAN. D c d t t hT " Mr PAULINO ALICE,— a " I will try Rnd be with yon to-night. My h business takes tuo to a grmll town about twenty luiles from your houso, and I could not hear to be eo near you without looking into your sweet eyes aud hearing you say th*t you are trun to mo. so I shall ride over in the afternoon, and God willing, •hall hold you in my arms to-night. " YOUR OWN JAOK." TTavin;: dispatched my day's business and sent this letter to my sweetheart, I, the Jack therein mentioned, hastened to hire a horse for the purpose of riding the twenty miles which separated me from Alice, my betrothed bride. As my business—which was that of a travelling agent for a prosperous house—obliged me to he often away from home, a chance like this to see Alice was very precious to me. It was six o'clock in the evening when I started out on my horse from the door of the inn where I had been stopping. In vain was it that the landlord tried to dissuade me; his account of the lonely and desolate road, and of the frightful things which had happened on it, of the murders and midnight horrors which hung over it, could not turn me from my purpose. Even the thought that I must pass by the haunted rock, in the park, alone, and with no hope of aid, should I require it, that I must ride through passes which the village legends peopled with spirits and ghosts of the departed travellers, could not deter me. I spurred onward amid the dark forebodings of those assembled to witness my rash departure, my landlord's prophesy of a sudden and violent storm ringing in my ears as I went. I treated these superstitious tales as merely the inventions of ignorant villagers, and the sounds which were reported to issue from the haunted rock, as, at best, coming from the throat of some human rnemy, against whom a pistol would be most effective. There were still two hours of daylight before mc, and as I rode along I was lost in thoughts of my sweetheart. I seemed to see ber standing on her vine-covered porch, ready to welcome nie with her bright smile. Tho dainty figure, with its blue eyes and waving hair, rose before my eyes r and so vivid was the vision tbat I spoke her name half aloud. The sound of my own voice startled me, and, looking up for the first time, I saw that the sky was growing black, the wind wa3 howling, and rumbling distant thunder was in the air. It had come—the storm which my landlord had foretold. I spurred on my horse ; a big drop of rain splashed over my face; the darkness thickened ; and at the same instant through the gloom loomed up the outlines of the huge boulder, which a turn in the road had heTore hidden from my eight. A slight shiver crept over me as I recalled the tales connected with it, and thought upon my own lonely situation. Something of this feeling seemed to enter into my horse, for as we neared the rock, shrouded in darkne.ss, he trembled from head to foot. Using all my strength, I forced him past it, and at thesame instant there sounded upon my ear a low burnt of laughter, so peculiar in its tone as to eend an icy shudder through me. A something that was not human sounded in it. It was fiendish, devilish. Conquering my momentary weakness, I strained my eyes to pierce the darkness, in the hope of discovering the shape from which those sounds proceeded, but all was silent and deserted as the grave. The form must have been swallowed up in darkness, for I saw nothing. A strange feeling of dread weighed on my heart, vague aud indefinite, and the night grew blacker and blacker. The storm drew nearer, and my every effort was now directed to gain some place of shelter from tht: rain. I looked in vain for a light in the distance ; all was black and desolate ; torrents of rain poured down, soaking me to the sk in; thunder crashed, and my poor horse galloped as for his life. Once, between the thunder peals, I seemed to hear that same low, mad laugh in my ear, and, shuddering, I wildly spurred my poor horse. Just then a vivid flash of lightning illumined the road, disclosing a hut about a hundred feet in advance ; a second flash enabled me to reach the opening which bad once been a door; but the whole miserable place was in a ruinous condition. For years it had been abandoned to wind and weather. Fearfully I entered, and found myself in the largest of the two rooms which the hovel boasted. The ceiling was broken away, and the rain poured in upon the rotting floor, aud beat through the broken window. Nothing more fearful and more wild could be imagined, but still I welcomed it, and turning the poor horse loose outside, I passed into the inner room. A lightning flash illumined it, and standing upright against the opposite wall I saw the form of a man, his face distorted by a smile of wicked cunning, and as the darkness fell again, a shrieking laugh mingled with the thunder. Made desperate by the terrors of the night and of my loneliness, I struck a match and rushed forward ; but the figure was gone,the room deserted. Turning, I passed into the first room, but it was equally tenantless. Full of wonder and strange forebodings, I chose a dry spct and threw myself upon the floor and tried to sleep. Vain endeavor; the figure haunted me, and often, as fatigue overpowered me and sleep seemed on the point of relieving me, the memory of that laughter would ring through my brain, and I would start wildly up, to find myself lying alone upon the floor with the storm still raging without. Finally, quite exhausted, I fell into a deep slumber, which lasted I know not how long, but which was suddenly and violently broken by that same demoniac noise. This time I tried to rise, in vain ; a fearful weight was on ray chest. Straining opa n my eyes, I beheld in the light of the moon, which now shone through the window, tbpt same man's face bending over mine. Terrified beyond expression, I struggled to free myself of the creature upon me; but my arms and legs were fast bound ; the same cunning smile distorted the face, and the leering eyes rolled as I struggled vainly. I strove to Bhriek, but the sound came not; a faint gurgle was the only result of my frantic effort. ' At the same instant the creature above me rose, and with chuckles and leers, drew forth a coil of rope ; nodding his head and gibbering, he arranged a noose, and with another blood curdling laugh, he placed it about my neck. My Qod, the agony of that moment, when I realised tbat I was absolutely at the mercy of a madman I Tighter and tighter he drew the rope, till my face grew black with suffocation, and my eyes and tongue started from my head. Consciousness was almost gone when the pressure was slowly, steadily relaxed, and the maniac's features glared down upon me once more. I breathed again ; he bad spared me ; the rush of joyful feelin nearly overcame me. He marked the expression of my face, and, chuckling, drew the noose again, exulting to watch my face pur pie, and ray eyes protrude. Twenty times 1 thought my death agony at hand, and twenty times, with a maniac's cunning, he restored my breath, and prolonged my torture. How he chuckled and muttered to himself, wagging his fiendish head, and oh I my God, how, when I struggled to get free, wrestling in agony with death and torture, he uttered his inrane, exulting laugh. Sow I longed and prayed for death ; how J hoped the madman would once draw the tkljose so tight that, when relaxed, my breath <*ould fctill refuse to come. Suddenly his irain seemed possessed with some (>lan. Slowly he drew off the rope, and, with one backward glance, left the room. At first, I dared not hope for life ; but when the time went by and still he came not, I began to think that he was gone entirely, and that my life might yet be saved. I struggled to free 0>yse\f once more ; struggled and writhed RQtil my heart nearly burst through my octy ; but in vain. Just tnen a new sound aught my ear, filling me with unutteiable reud. A folk of iight shot up. Yes, it was rue, the maniac had set, tire to the hovel. Aud now I saw his face grinning at me hrough the window. Makingone last superuman effort. I uttered ft fearful shriek. he madman leaped in at the window, and, t the same instant, another form followed im. Some one Beized me. I knew no more. When consciousness returned, I was lying upon a bed in my sweetheart's own pretty room, and she, with tears in her gentle eyes, was watching my slow return to life. I learned afterwards, when my strength returned, that the madman had escaped from an asylum in the neighborhood, aud being missed, his keeper, attracted by ' lie sight of the (lames, arrived just in time to save me from the horrible fate which seemed to await me. I had fallen into a deep swoon, and from that into a rasing fever, and during my ravings enough was learned to send into the house which had been my destination when I started out the previous night. As soon as I was well again Aliec and I were married, and were surely happier than it falls to the lot of most mortals to be ; but never while I live shall I forget the agonies of that one night of my life. 