LQCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Weicome Fall of Raik.^— Heralded by lightning and I bunder, showers fell at Coraki early ou Wednesday morning; and later on a steady rnin set in and continued, with slight: intermissions, throughout tho dny.; Tlie Full wns just such as was wan I el, as, not being unduly heavy, the thirsty ground absorbed most of it. , The, rain: was bitterly cold, mak ing people alaiost believe that winter was back 'again. The gauge at the local post office re-* gistered a-rficonf of 123 points from 0 tt.m, ou Wednesday till 9 a.m. yesterday. , Farmers and others are now busily engaged planting .inniisr, potatoes, ftp., anil with further rains the people will soon forget that they were iu dread of a drought. Yesterday was fine, but rather cloudy. The rain was general in this and adjoining districts. ' : ? ' The South Arm. — When ? it was made known recently that the Minister for Public Works had instructed an officer- to visit 'and report upon the South Arm of -'this river, wo naturally thought the people here would have an opportunity of seeing the gentleman, and we endeavored to find out the probable date of his visit. Judge of our surprise, then, when we were informed that Mr. Carlton had visited the district and departed again, with out, bo far as we are aware, any ouo in Coraki being cognisant of wlieii lie was hen-. Report says that the construction of n tramway from Casiuo lo near Tathani will be recommended. If this is the officer's recommendation, then tlie absurdity of sending him here in the milli ner in which he came and went may be looked upon as little better tliun a farce— a deliberate waste of public money. Should a tramway be constructed from the point indicated to Casino, there will he no jess than three hand lings of goods, &c;, within a space of 18J miles —from the big boats at Coraki on to the small river steamers, from these on to the tram, and again from the tram when tlie trucks reach Uasmo. Our contention in favor of a light line of railway or a tramway from Coraki to Casino is most emphatically endorsed by the proposal made, and if commonsense and the true interests of the district are lo be any guide in settling the matter it will not be long before the work of construction is begun. It only requires lo be properly brought be fore the Department, and supported by the up-river people, to ensure the work beiug undertaken. There is no get-away from the fact that Coraki is the natural and in every way the best point of shipment for the resi dents of Casino and the upper river generally. ; Lismore-Twerd Raiuway. — Commenting upon the heavy loss incurred in connection with this railway, the Clarenre Examiner con cludes an article thus: — ' We doubt not but that some persons reading these figures will arrive at the conclusion that it would have been a far better investment for the country if it had bought out the landed interests of the patriots who so ably engineered the line through from the voting of the surprise loan iu 1884.' Coscekt at Woodburn. — A concert, in aid of the Presbyterian Church building fund, is announced to take place iu Davis's Hall, ?South Woodburn, on Wednesday next, 2nd Oi-tober, when a very good programme will be presented. The charge for admission is in keeping with the times— 2s and Is. Con-nkot Casino with Cokaki.— Speaking of the proposed light railway from Cornki to Casino, tho Grafton Anjim truthfully observes : — ' Already more public money has been wasted iu the endeavor to keep the South Arm open for even tlie smallest craft than would have half built the railway, anil been a source of revenue.' Small- pox SluitE.— A report circulated last Friday lo the effect that three cases of small pox had been discovered atGundurimha, a few miles from Lismore, was apparently continued when it became known that Urs. Bernstein and Parker had pronounced the disease to be such, and had ordered the premises to be placed under quarantine. The alleged sufferers were Messrs. L. and H. Frohmuller and W. Walker. The Board of Health was communi cated with, and Dr. Ashburtou Thompson was immediately despatched from Syduey to examine into tlie eases. - Dr. Thompson ar rived on Monday, 'ami after visiting the patients pronounced the affection not to be small-pox. The houses were at once relieved from the irksome regulations enforced, and the people in the neighborhood once more breathed freely. This is not I he first scare ot the kind at Lismore, when persons affected were not suffering from snmll-pox, although believed to he by the local Government medi cal man. Of course, when the reported out break ot small-pox wns circulated, the cause was put down to the Hindoos and aliens ; but a medical examination of those in the im mediate vicinity of (iundurimba proved that the darkies had no trace -of any disease re sembling small-pox. AIarkiare. — A pleasing ceremony was per formed by the Rev. Duncan M'Inncs, of Mai-lean, on Tuesday last, when he joined together iu wedlock Miss Livingstone (Win nie), eldest daughter of Mr. H. Livingstone, of Coraki, to Mr. John Kennedy, son of :Mr. Ewcii Kennedy, also of Coraki. The cere mony was performed at the residence of the bride's parents, and the happy couple left later iu the day on their honeymoon trip, a largo number of friends wishing them every happiness in their improved state iu life. Concert at Buxuawalwn. — As announced elsewhere, a social aud Concert, in aid of the funds of the Wealeyan Church, will be held in Pursey's Hall, lSmignwulhiu, this (Friday) evening, commencing at 7.30 o'clock. A lengthy and attractive programme will be offered, iu which, besides local amateurs,- per formers from Casino and Coraki will take part. The good folks of Buugawalbin are never be hind in a worthy cause, and will, we feel sure, fill the hall upon this occasion— especially as the admission has been fixed at such moderate prices. The Esk DiauiNiis— It will be seeii by reference to, tin official letter appearing in another colun.n that a receiving oflice has been established nt Smith's Half- way House, to be known as ' The Ksk.' aud that a bi-wneklv mail service is now to be. run between there and M'Aulay's Lead. The establishment of a post-office at the Evans River is not con sidered necessary. The PnosPECTiNO Vote.— In connection with grants from the prospecting vote the following condition is set forth : — Hefore any money is paid oil account of a grant it is neces sary to forward a list of tho names of the party to the Department, and no money will be paid to any one person ou behalf of the grant until all members of the party has signed a docu ment instructing the Department to pay the money to such person. Dr. Ox Lke.— An advertisement in this issue notifies that Dr. George On Lee, the well-known Chinese doctor, of Sydney, will visit this nnd the Clarence districts during next month. Auction Sale.— On Suturday,'5th October, Mr. John Lang will offer at auction at South Woodburn, on account of Mr. J. Pratt, a number of horses and cattle, farm implements, itc. Also, on account of owuer, a pair of buggy ponies. The sale is totally without reserve, and bargains should be the order of the diiy. Cokaki Brass Hand. — At a meeting of the trustees nnd members of the .Coraki Brass Band, held on Tuesday evening— Mr. C. J. M'Kae presiding — the balance sheet for the past half-year was received and adopted.. This showed the affairs to be in n satisfactory financial condition. Mr. I). Quain wns elected a trustee in the place of his father, Mr. P. Quain, deceased. The trustees were requested to draw up a code of rules lo govern tho Band, and it was decided to continue the services o Mr. Ward as bandmaster. 'Electing a J.IV— We have received two more letters having reference to tlie above ; but as the discussion is of no public interest, and we object to our columns being used as a channel for the airing of private differences, they have both foumltheir way into the waste paper basket. The proper authorities lbup*pcal to are Ministers of tlie Crown. PitonccBiiv Auction. «-Mr..\V. T. -Duron, auctioneer, announces an important sale : at ; o'clock to-morrow (Saturday), at the Federal Auction Mart. ' To-night's Social.— This entertainment to beholdhi the Brtdge^rreet Hiiif, tonight, in aid of fnniithing tho new Convent ; nt Coruki, should IJot Ije overlooked by all desirbns of pMsinga pleasant evooing.1 f) ;:-i ,;CoNC«RT'-fr Tatha!*.— By advertisement in- this issue it will he sent that a promenade concert will be hold it Whiteman's Hull, Tuthain, on Friday, Utti' October. The object is. to- ruiM) »i few,* ; puuuds. for vo ..widow, wlitf U in. destitute .eirenmstorices, j»«d'» ith a view to admit of ull showing their sympathy the admission has been fixodat tlie 'low price' of one shilling.;, A good programme is in pre paration, and we trust the laudable efforts of the promoter* will be rewarded by. ti. bcnnper lioiise ou the occasion. ,. Stranue Discovery op an Old Pictdkk. — Whilst strolling ubont in the Parraniatta Park a few days ago u man named Fitzgerald noticed a portion of a small box projecting above the ground near the old Observatory obelisk. He unearthed it und found it to contain the pic ture of a lady, done iu the old Daguerreotype of half a century back. ' The picture, which was enclosed iu n gilt frame, is well preserved, The figure is that of a lady between 30 and 40 years of age. Tiiere are rings ou Hie first and third fingers, and in her right hand she holds knitting needles. Some old residents who saw it, and line w Lady Fitzroy, state that tho picture is not hers ; but Mr. Hugh Taylor says he believes tho likeness is that of Mrs. Keith Stewart, daughter of Lady Filzroy. . The Bhttek Trade at Home.— The Lon don Time* says that the opening of auction sales iu London for the disposal of colonial butter und tho fixing of standard prices have already had the effect of driving Danish butter out of the' London market, and it has how be come a question as to whether Danish or co lonial butter is to control the Manchester trade. The Anti-Alien League. — At a meeting held at Ballina, on Saturday last, the roll of members was read and totalled 130. The canvasser announced that the names to the memorial amounted to some hundreds. It was decided to hold meetings at different centres to push the Society ahead, and delegates were appointed for the purpose. Strange Fatal Case of Snake Bite.— A wire from Bombala, dated Monday, reports : — On Friday last a girl named Mary Parkes wns bitten on the leg by a snake. She was soon blind and speechless, and she was driven to the Bombula Hospital, seven miles, ap parently dying. The strychnine remedy ,;was applied two houis after the girl was bitten, and its beneficial effects were soon apparent. On Saturday morning the patient Was seem ingly quite well, and at her own request she was allowed to go home. All Saturday she seemed quite well, but yesterday her tongue became slightly swollen, and at night she be came suddenly worse aud died early this morn ing, with all the first symptoms of snakebite poisoning. Twain and Pakkes. — Mark Twain savs : — ' Sir Henry Parkes lias a truly splendid head, and it is hard for me to believe he made the bitter speeches I have heard attributed to him.' Parkes might well return the compli ment, when reading Mark's reference to Bret Harte. Teachers Promoted. —The following have been promoted as a result of their examina tions :— To 3a, Emily J. Cook, Ballina ; May Kibble, Ulinnrra ; .Sarah A. Neale, South Grafton ; Fanny Smith, Glenreagh. To 3c, Elizabeth J. Cayzer, Murwilluinbah. \- Important Sale of Furniture, &c;— On Saturday, 5th October, Mr. D. M'Phee will sell by auction, at Broadwater, the whole of Mr. Geo. Henderson's furniture ; also, fann ing implements, horses, &c.; The sale will start nt 2 p.m. The Outlook on the Clarence.— For the first time since the Clarence has been settled by agriculturists, there will be no early maize — a severe blow to producers, following as it does a succession of bad seasons. Neither will there be a summer crop of potatoes. This product for some years past has brought some thousands of pounds annually to the district ; but ou this occasion it will be a blank. Neither can there be melons — which to many brought in some ready money — cucumbers, or other garden produce. Put to this the great loss on the sugar and dairying industries, and the outlook is anyt lung but a promising one. The worst feature of the whole is that there is no telling when crops can be planted. — Examiner. Storm at tub Clarence Heads. — The heaviest storm that has been experienced this year occurred at the Clarence Heads on Sun day night; . : The quarry at Engowrie, where the stone is procured for the harbor improve ments, was filled with water, and in conse quence work bail to be suspended. The tram line skirting the quarry was torn up for about one hundred yards, the rails being twisted and bent aud strewn in all directions, aud other damage done, causing great delay. It is expected that the present contractor will com plete the harbor works in ten weeks' time. A Bailiff Taken Root.— A Sydney cor. writes : — The bailiff remains outside Truth office. Whether he will ever get tired and give the job best is doubtful. He has taken root ; hail, rain, and sunshine couldn't move him, und there arc indications that he will still be found there when the Millennium conies round, unless he gives up the ghost in the meanwhile. The proprietor, editor, staff, &c.; , quite enjoy the fun of being hauled up through the window, and their ceaseless jokes rankle iu the breast of the pour bailiff to such an ex tent that murder is often observed in his eye. It appears an cany matter to obtain judgment, but a hard matter to execute it. Some two or three months have elapsed since the pro firietors were ordered to pay £1000 for nl eged libel. The plaintiff' continues to mean der about the city iu the hope that the bailiff will effect an entrance into the premises while the members of the staff are away ou a journalistic carousal. Trinity ..College (London) Musical Examinations. — The following* pupils from St. Mary's Conveut School, Lismore, who pre sented themselves iu connection with the Trinity College Musical Examinations, have received intimation of successful passes : — In- termediate, with honors — Misses. Mary Hoi lingsworih, Janie Bryues, Florrie Dean, M. Best, Louisa Peard, and Mabel Peard. Junior, with honors — Alice Moore, Josie Webster, Hannah Fredericks, Maude Priddle, Maggie M 'Pherson. College passes — Agnes Kyan, Josie Dean, Polly Murray, Alice CrFlynn, and Thomas M'Dermott. The foregoing is proof of the excellence of the instruction and train ing in vogneiat St. Mary's Convent Dye While You Can.— Mr. C. Hassan shnw, professional dyer, has opened business in Keith's cottage, Coraki, and notifies his terms in our advertising columns. He expects to re main here about six weeks — or longer should the Bungawalbin wardrobe bo sent up for overhaul. Caledonian Society.— The regular quar terly meeting is called for Saturday, oth proximo, at 3 p.m. Sequestration in bankruptcy : — A. J. M'Cal Itmi, of Upper Coldstream, Clarence River. There was a stoppage at the Rons mill on Saturday, through a cogwheel breaking, and crushing was resumed on Tuesday morning. To supplement the shortness of miter, the manager effects a saving of 200 gallons daily by condensing tho water extracted from the cane. Three large trees took (itnand fell on Satur day, entirely blocking the road on the cutting a mile and a halt, on the Ballina side of Alstonville. The telegraph line was also broken down, and the mail and light vehicles had to be lifted over. Much snow has fallen on the highlands,' and the sudden change of cold \veatlwr is causing serious mortality among shorn and lambing sheep. The Equity Court has approved of the amended scheme of arrangement between the City and Suburban Mutual Permanent Build ing Association and its creditors, which re duces the rate of interest from a to 3 per cent. The judge said that all these reconstructions made at an earlier date were improbable, owing to a non-revival of values, and the sooner the public made up their minds for n reduction of. interest the better for the colony, for the old rate .would never. revive, . ? 