[?] — ? ?W-r-. — ; ? ? CHAPTER Xixl--(e6ntmued.j No sooner bad Miss Forrest, realised who I was than she rushed to my. side. :; , 'Oh, are you safe— are you safe?' she said huskily. /-.-, ' ' ' ' .' . ' ... I looked- at her face, and it , was deathly pale, while her eyes told me she bad passed sleepless nights. ' ../. ?'.,-, -J -'-?.... 'No, he's not safe,' said Voltaire, ''and he shall pay for this with his life.' , . 'Is it manly.' I said to him, 'to nersecute a lady thus? Can't you see how she scorns you, hates you, loathes you? Will you insist, on her abiding by a promise -which was n^ade in excitement to save an innocent man?' 'Innocent!' he sneered, and I noticed a look of victory still uk his glittering eye. ^Inno cent! Yes, as innocent as Nero or Robes pierre; but you shall not come here to pollute the air 'by your presence. Begone! before! forget myself, and send for the' police to lock you tip. Ah, I long for vengeance 'on the man who murdered my ^ear friend.' 'Then you will not release Miss' Forrest?' 'Never!' 'Then I shall make you.' ?'You make me?', he cried savagely. Meanwhile Miss Forrest had clung trem blingly to my arm; Miss' Forrest's aunt- had looked fearfully, first at Voltaire, then at me; j while Miss Staggles had been mumbling something about showing me out of doors. 'Yes,' I; said, 'I shall make you,' 'Son cannot,' he jeered. 'I' n^.ye;it in \my power now to lodge you safe in a felon's gaol, and bring you to a hangman's noose.' '?Ay, and I would too,'- cried Miss Staggles. 'You are too kind, too forbearing, Mr. Vol taire.V 'Ob, leave me,' cried Miss Forrest clinging closer to me: 'I will suffer anything rather than you should be — be ? ' _; 'Ring the bell for a servant,' I 'said; and Miss Forrest's aunt tremblingly touched a button close beside her. The man who had showed me in immediate ly answered the summons. 'Show my friends in,' I said. A minute more and Simon entered, carefully leading Kaffar. Voltaire gave a yell like that of a mad dog, while Miss Forrest gave a scream of delight 'There, villain,'.' I said, 'as the man whom you say I've murdered.' 'How dare you come here?' said Voltaire to Kaffar. ' 'Because I brought him,' I said, 'to save | this lady and expose you.- Now, where' is ; your power, and where are the charges you | have brought?' | Had he a pistol I believe he would have shot me dead. His ground was cut from un der him. The man who destroyed his every hope stood before us all, and refuted his ter rible charges. For a minute he stood as if irresolute; then he turned to Miss Forrest and spoke as coolly as if nothing had happened. 'May I claim your pardon, your forgive ness?' he said. 'Believe- me, lady, it was all because I loved you that I have acted as I have. Say, then, now thai all is against me, that you forgive me.' She hesitated a minute before replying;' then she said slowly, 'It is difficult for me to speak to you without shuddering. Never did I believe such villainy 'possible; but— but I pray that God may forgive yon, as I do.' 'Then I will leave you,' he said, with a. terrible look at me. - 'No,' I eaid; 'you will not leave us so : easily. Know, man, that you are punishable by the law of England.' ! 'How?' 'You are guilty of many things that I need not enumerate mere; some Kaffar has told me about, some I knew before. So, instead of my lying in a prison cell, it will be you.' Then we all received a great shock. Miss Staggles arose from her chair and rushed to wards me. 'No, no, Mr. Blake,' she cried; 'no, not for my sake. He's my only son. For my sake, spare him.' 'Your only son? Yours!' cried Miss For rest's aunt. i 'Mine,' cried this gaunt old woman. 'Oh, I I was married on the Continent when quite a girl, and I dared not -tell of it for my hus band was a gambler and a Tillain; but he was handsome and fascinating, and so he won me. Herod,, this son of mine, was. born just the day before his father was killed in a duel. Oh, spare him for my 6ake!' I need not enter into the further explana tions she made, nor how she pleaded for mercy for him, for they were painful to alL And did I spare him? Yes; on condition that he left England, never to return again, be sides stipulating for Kaffar'a safety. He left the- house soon after, and we all felt a sense of relief when he had gone, save Miss Staggles, or rather Mas. Voltaire, who went up to her room weeping bitterly. Need I relate what followed that night? Need I tell how I had to recount my doings I and journeyings over again and again, while | Simon and Kaffar were asked to give such in i formation as I was unable to give, and how ! one circumstance was explained by another | until all was plain? I will not tax my j readers' patience by bo doing; this must be I left to their own imagination. I After this Mrs. Walters insisted that we ! must have refreshments, and bustled away j to order it while a servant conducted Simon and Kaffar to a room where food was to be obtained; .and so I was left alone with the wo man I loved. 'Well,' I said, when they were gone. 'Well?' she replied, looking shyly into my face. 'I have done your bidding,' I said, after a minute's silence. 'I have freed you from that man.' 'Thank God, you have!' she said, with a shudder. 'Oh, if you only knew how I have prayed and Ihoped and thought!' - 'And I had a promise, too,' I said; 'will it be painful for you to keep it?' 'Painful, Justin!' she cried. 'You know I will gladly be your wife.' I will not write of what happened.'. then... It is not for'ihe'eyes of the world fo^e. Tears come into my eyes now as I remember how her new-found happiness lit up her eyes with joy, and how the color came Into her beauti ful cheeks. God alone knows how nappy we were. We had been kept asunder by a cruel hand, and had been brought together again by long and bitter struggles, .struggles which would, never have been but for the love of God and the love in our hearts. Then, when pur joy was fullest, a choir from a neigjibar-r Ing church began to sing — 'ChrisUaag, awake, palulp the Jhappy morn, 'Whereon the Savior of mankind was bom.' it wgs, indeed, a happy Qbxjstnjas morn to us. The darkness had rolled away, and the light of Jieayen shone Jipon us. , When I-Jeft shortly after, I asked whether I should come the next day, or rather when dayiight came, and spend Christmas Day with her. 'You must not be later than nine o'clock,' she said, with a glad laugh, while iny heart seemed ready to break for joy, t nave nearly told my story now; the loving work of months is almost at an end, and soon I must drop njy pen. T am very happy, hap pier than I ever hoped to be. My new-found £fr£Bgth sot only brought me freedom from my enemy, not only enabled me to accomplish my purpose, but gave me fuller and richer life. -Gevteude and I live 'under brighter skies '4han we should do had I not been led through BOjrerrible an experience. Thus the Sternal' .Goodness brings good out' of evil. Voltaire Is on the Continent. I do not think that, ,11ft, has eyer returned to England; while We mother, who etill lives the same kind of life as of yore, supplies liim wJjtn money, it appears that she has means which were nn Imown to her Mends, and thus she keeps him supplied, Qf course ffee jrelaflonjMp between them explains their being In league In York shire. .She was ever seeking toisenre him / ,,,L4'\ ' .... .....-*?-?.-.. .,..*.:. .-.-??:-. ;* ? j then; she is^till trying to do -the same. - - She never speaks to': me. ; But for me, she says, her son WQtfla Olive; married^ ^Gertrude, and then . she woula lhave lived .with ' her Herod, who would have been _a country gentleman, not 4he poor outcast he is now. Kaffar has gone bafek to Egypt He stay ed in London a few days after the scene on Christmas Eve, and I gave him house-room in my old lodgings; but lie tired of England, 30 I sent him- back, to Cairo. I think he is a far better man than he was, but I am not at all sorry that he dislikes England. He writes sometimes, but I never receive -his letters without thinking of the terrible night on tiie Yorkshire moors^of the dark, waters, the red hand, and the terrible .struggle. Although 1 am now entirely free from any such Influ ences, I cannot help fearfully wondering at the awful power one being can exert over another. How an evil man could almost de plete me of my -own self, and make me see according to 3iis will and act according to his desires, is to ine beyond explanation. Truly does our greatest poet say— We are such stuff As dreams are made of, and our little life Is (rounded with a sleep. Tom Temple is married, and lives happily at Temple Hall. Tom attributes all his hap pines to the ghost. He 6hould never have had the pluck to ask Edith Gray to be Tiis wife, he says, had not his lady-love been so fearful. 'But you found no difficulty in getting her consent Tom?' I said one day at Temple Hall. 'Difficulty!' laughed Tom. 'She said 'Yes' before I had stuttered out my little speech.' } 'I couldn't bear to see you in such an agony of pain,' blushingly replied his happy little; wife. Ah, well, Tom deserves his happiness, be cause he makes those around him happy. Simon Slowden lives with Gertruae and me. He declared that he couldn't bear the idea of leaving us, after he'd gone through so much to Jkring us together. We are not sorry for this, for he has been an incalculable help to me in many ways. But for him, perhaps. I should never have the treasure I now pos sess, the truest and noblest wife God ever gave to man; but for him I might have drag ged out my weary life, disappointed and al most broken-hearted. Of course this might not be so; but I know that Simon was one of my greatest helpers in making me the hap piest man on earth. I will close my story with a secret Yes terday, Simon came to me, looking very grave. ^ 'If I remember aright, yer honor,' he said, 'I told you as 'ow I'd completely finished wi' all belongin' to the female persuasion.' 'You did, Simon.' 'Well, I've changed my mind. I used to think after that waeeinatin' business gived me small-pox, that I was done for; but that 'ere Emily the 'ousemaid 'ev bin waccinated, and she 'ev had small-pox too. Well, 't seems to me as 'ow it must her bin special Providence as hev brought us together, as we read in the Book of Job; and not likin' to go 'gin Providence, I axed her to change her name to Slowden.' * '|Well, Simon, what was her reply?' 'She seed the force o' my reasonin's in a minute, and eo, as you may say, 'there'll be good brought out o' evil,' even the evil o' waeeinatin'; for it's give us both small-pox, and we both live. Our faces be a bit pitty, but kisses ain't none the less sweet for that' 'And when is it to come off, Simon?' 'I'm goin' to the registrars now, yer honor, so three weeks to-morrow I shall be took in and done for, and all through waccination ' (The End.) 