SLAVDT Aft,RESTED. £Bt Bable.] London, Sunday, FftANK Slayin, the Australian pugilist, has been arrested at New York owing to the preparations in connection with his fight with Maher, the Irish champion. Dr. Mary Greig, one of the Melbourne Hospital lady resident doctors, made a post-mortem examination on Friday on the body of the Rev. George Daniel, a Wesleyan clergyman, who was found dead in a train. A piece of meat was found impacted in the throat, which had choked him. A fatal railway accident happened at the Hawks!)urn Station (Tie.) shortly before noon on Friday, resulting in the death, of the local station-master, Mr. Charles Heatley. Mr. Heatley had dispatched the passenger train, and as it steamed out of the station he crossed the line and was knocked down by a goods train, sustaining a fracture of the skull. John Sykes, solicitor, 33, was committed for trial at Launceston on Friday on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque for £1200 on the Commercial Bank of Tas mania. Accused reserved his defence. The investigation into the charges by Mr. Varney Parkes against the administra tion of the Works Department was resumed on Friday. Judge Murray stated he in tended to adhere to his decision in regard to the exclusion of the press. The total value of butter exported from Victoria for the past seven years was £3,146,674. Daring the same period the Government spent nearly £20,000 in con nection with supervising the export of bntter. At the Adelaide Police Court the other day a man named Rudd was charged with unlawfully disguising himself with a piece of white cloth, and was therefore deemed to be idle and disorderly. On the night of May 6 Thomas Meddal was on his way home, when he noticed a figure in white emerging .from the Wesleyan Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, " Thomas Meddal, I claim you/' He an swered, " Take me then," and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost " closed" with him, and in the scuffle' the ' sheet was disarranged, and Meddal identi fied Budd. The defendant was fined 10s. and costs—£4 5s. in all. It is announced that the Government had appointed Mr. Frederick Wm. Ed wards, Police Magistrate of Parramatta, to be a Stipendiary Magistrate within the Metropolitan Police District for the pur poses of the said Act (with rank next after Mr. Smithers, S.M.), vice Mr. James Giles retired—such appointment to take effect from the 1st proximo, and to be temporary only, pending the full assumption of con trol by the Public Service Board when the service has been classified. 