Accosuts for the undermintionel parsons are awaiting payment at the loaal sab .trea sury T. Murray, J. I. Ball, D. Fahey, T. Field, J. Marflset, J. > orris, T. Prothero, F. H. Salter, F. and W. Scowa. Tha Koondrook Auatralian Natives Asso- oistion cslebratsd their seojod anniversary by a ball and supper on Friday evening last, which was a perfect snooess both socially and fiaanaially. The music supplied by Messrs Batlsr and Turner was first-class and the catering was ia th» efficient han Is ot Mr C. Punch. There was s large number of beautiful costumes worn by the la lies Both sides of iLe river were we 1 i presented and all agreed it was eue of the be-t balls ever hsld in Koondrook. Lieut. W. J. Bogers-Divi.lson, K Coy. V.B., notifies by advt. ia aaothsr column that Nos. 1 and 2 seotions will parade at the Mechanics' od Wednesday 13th May at 3 p.m. Thewarciond is casting its shadow over theearth and it is intended to bring the looal warriors into as high a state of efficiency as possible, eo as to bs ready to give either German or Russian inyadars a warm recep tion. In another column Mr D. W. Wilha n:oa draws attention to ajjesss of sore distress, whinli ahrinM ennaa 1 f<tMiklw Aw aL. .1 .. wjtjrwwa awiuwij tv tun OUitri- table feelics of the esmmanity and elicit a prompt response. It is propose! to bold a meeting this evening ia the Meohaaia»' Institute to devise misas to give relief and it is to be hoped that ail whe ore able and willing will attend. The eradication of the new lots ofdissed montWajb (says the Independent") has notyet been commenced. The disease has been foond in some 83 aores of vineyard owned by eigbt different vignerons. The destruction of vineyards was postponed to give the owners time to gather in this year's vintage, but in aboot a month a start will bs made to root them up. It is understood that the vigne-ons will be allowed to do the work if satisfactory arrangements can be made. At the annual meeting ot the Swan Hill Progress Committee on Wednesday night the action of the raeeirer on behalf of the Swan Hill Water feast for the Board of Land an i Works -in carrying out the oolleotieo of the rats was strongly commented en. A number at ratepayers, . leading men ot tbs town, from whom no diffisnlty hal been experi enced iu the past, hare received letters from <he trust's solioitor making demands for immediate Dayman!:. Besslutt'iua were adopted protesting against the manner in work, and catling upon Mr Taver er to see that no arbitrary aotieu waijtaksn against the ratepayers, representing to Mr Faverner that the action of Mr Irwin and his officers were nauseous to the ratepayers, and asking Mr Tavarner to urge on the Water Bapply department the desirability of plaoing tho collection of the rates in the bands of the ; Osetle Donningtoa Soire Council or its offi cers, the residents of Swan 'Hill recognising the absurdity of bring subservient to the Shire of Swan Hill at Kerang. — Tribune." A public meeting is convened for Saturday next at 2.30 p.m. at Mr D. Kelly's residence Bnigcrum, to select gentlemen for nomina tion to the post of trustees to the Baigernac osmetery. We ore desired by the secretary ts! the Australasian National League (Mr Gab. R. Bald) to direct the a'tent'on of oar readers to the fact that this being the triennial-year, all -existing electors' rights dated prior to 3rd December, 1895 (1st D-cembe wis a Sunday), will expire en 1st Dea-mo-r 189G .. ,i i>ei sre ) > ibf Him if1 ii' fnr Tr- ' sewds bs leti until AetunenmVu will in many oases be impossible for the r-gis trars to get through their work, and electors- vrhe ore late in applying wiU have no re-' eonrsa should they he nuable to gat rights, as the fanit will rest with them. Holders of rights are therefore nrged to attend to this important matter promptly, in view ot tha coming elections. When as elector applies for a renewed right, he esest deliver up hi old one. Should it have base lost orde- teoed, he must go to tha registrar of the division in whish he obtained it, and gat « " substituted" right, and then present that for renewal. Each person applying for a renewed right ahonld previdebieaself with a fid stamp to bs affixed thereto and cancelled hy the registrar. All electors' rights taken out this yar prior to 1st December will hold good till lat December, 1899. Yesterday Constable J. Sheehan arrested on warrant John Fortune, dauribed as . a book scent. Kerane. on the choree of obtain ing money undor false pretences. It is alleged that Fortune falsely represented him self. to be a canvaeser ifor-the '.Age" And " Laader" "iaucl obtained from William M'Givernan the sopo of 6s Cd for a half year's : suhscaption to the " Leader:" It is stated that as en inducement to take the piper be exhibited to. M'Givernan seven rieogeapns edacih he eaid wanld sLppearine Leader1' Anting the current year-' fle was brought before Mr J. Gullcn, JF and riuuindiA till Thdajr .-BaQ.'owedhiu'hiouelf iQVsdqnoiarct' io £25, A The Baby Niahollslourist Coy performvd lest night in the Uedknics' Institate to e crowded house. The mdienoe were kept in convulsions of laugh t| throughout. Unlike . the nsual travelling tdipe every ..-item was ' arried out, inolndingkilad and comic aihg- ing, dances and a woeferfo 1 exhibition of club-swinging, etc. feature of the enter tainment was toe -inging of the duet " I don't want to play iaWour- yard," by the Misses Emily Wilson and vifliet Russell, in which the names-of Wo'whll known 'local beaux wereintroduesd. ; a fares The Sub urban Ghost" conclude the first part, and the Irish musical comedj " Muldoon's Pic nic" monopolised the jsecond part, which ssnt the audience away in a thsroughly good humor. Messrs Richardson, Muir ao! Co., an- ter instructions from Mr A. W. Hodgseu, will «eil at their bazaar on Friday, 320 acres of land at Leaghar, river frontage. A special parade ot K Coy, Viatorian Ban gers will be hell under Colonel Otter at Pyramid on WedaesJay next, 6th prox, when the troops wift be exercise! in field firing. A meeting will be held this evening et Barbell's rooms with a view of forming a local bieyele club. Mr J. L. Dow, under invitation frem tbe Cohuns Fruitgrowers' Association, will As- rnm. .JeT"rli ffiMHSeHBeBSWWrtil11 ids visit by Mr Bondurant, the tobkwia 'Vx: pert of the department at Agriealtara, A meeting of the Frae trade and Demo- aratio Leagne will be heli at the Mechanics" on Friday evening aext|to elect officers for tbe easning year. 