NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL. THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN Titles of horror. '":: Come from Cbnstairflndplc. Terrible details lu a cnblc message litis evening. In the name of the Sultan dreadful atrocities have been committed. The Turkish police i>ointed out' to the ttob nt Constantinople the houses occu pied by the Armenians, .with wluit awful gcqucl the cal)e m(«uto_.teI!s. / '" " Some peopio never reallso how well off they arc until they try' to ride a bicycle. Ijirgc business ouBallarat 'Change to day in low priced stock. Good feeling and fair trade at Beudlgo. If people meant everything they said, the complications would bo nearly as great as if they said everything they men nl. By Gaunt4s instruments at noon to- 'day the readings were Barometer, 30.132, stationary till. 11.455, then very Blight foil; thermometer, lu the sun, 10-1; shade, 00. . In our Open Columu on Tago 3 a doc- tor's wife makes n suggestion re the urgently needed fever hospital, to which .are would direct the attention of our lady rc.idws. ".Old Cricketer 'M' pithily reviews the lour of Our Boys In Englnud. Ills re marks ore followed by an' interesting table, couipariug the performances of our elevens. See Page 3. The lock-out of shipping engineers Ihroatoned In the old country has been averted The strikers at Govun (Clyde), who came oat because the employers re fused to discharge a uon-uulonlst, have . returned to work. lsol>el MTvinnon, a respectable looking young woman, wns before the. City Court to-day on a clinrgc of stealing a gold watch and.ehuln from the. dwelling of the Itev Titos, Tait, at Brunswick. She wns rcmnndod to appear at Bruns wick on Wednesday. Seven hundred unarmed Armenians, Who had borne no port in the riot, took refuge at the Custom House, Constanti nople. The mob rushed in upon them, nnd not one was left olive. At another place, 300 of tlic unfortunates were mas- mcred, and their 1 todies thrown into the ten. Mr F. B. Clapp, managing director of the Tramway Company, considcra Iho bicycle a useful tiling, from Did company's point, of view. Inasmuch as, it teaches people to ride. lUrgo, when tim ''hike" Is not available- the rider Is dis inclined for walking, nnd takes the tram. Interesting family squabble finished abruptly at the South Mclbonrnn Court this morning., A young wife, her bi cycle and sorving moid were one part, nnd a middle-aged husband the otjier. The marriage was oclebrntcd on tlic 20th August, and the porting followed In a week. A strong Irapl is collecting near Bulu- tvnyo, and It Is evident that there Is more slaughtering to 1k» done yet. "Mi nor fighting" Is reported l>etwoen the rebels and the friendly natives, and the latter are suffering severely. Men get killed in this minor fighting Just as ef fectually as in major operations! Following the stiddeu dentil of Prince Tobnnoff, the Bussinn Minister for Foreign Affairs, the cable tells us that Count Schouvnloff has been stricken by paralysis. In 1873 this eminent diplomatist managed with great skill Ileilcatc negotiations bctweou Great Britain and Russia, Ho at present held Iho post of Governor of Poland. A cyclist writes:— I think considerable business might be done with cyclists were the excursion tickets on our rail ways made interchangeable. Thus, n cydist would perhaps like to go down by the Portland train, nnd after touring about the Western District, couio buck by the Worrnambool line. 8o long us the distance travelled did not exceed that for which the return ticket was ta- keu, this exchange might, without In jury to the railways, bo granted.— This seems a good notion, but, of course, should not be confined to-eycUats,\but J opetoAlL— Ed. HA. . 1 .Tulln Batten, the Klluioro postmis tress, was placed .on trial at the Court of General Sessions to-day, on a charge of forging nnd uttoriig a receipt for L100 in the name of Patrick English. "Jack is naturally of a shifty dlspo-' sltlon. He likes a change.'' This is the testimony of Cnptaiu Bennett, and yet he himself has been In the one service and in command of one ship for many years. What Is a medical herbalist? One who heals the sick with herlw. What Is a healing clairvoyant? One who diagnoses n tnsc by abnormal vision. The fore going information was supplied in tlic County Court to-day. "Abnormal vision" Is a pretty phrase. Plaintiff (In a County Court case) : He answered tne in language which I would he ashamed to use. Judge Hamilton : Did ho answer In your own language (Syrian) V Witness : Ho did. Ills Honor: Then you may repeat it with impunity. (Laughter.) . —Tito -Assistant Government Geologist (Mr Stirling) inspected on Saturday the lease of the Victoria Colliery Company. Queensfcrry, Western Port, and Is of opinion that, within the area already tested by boring, there Is a bed of two million tons at least of good black coal. "Will the gentleman who is about to favor us with a viollu solo be kind enough to play as softly as he can, so as not to disturb the gentleman lu front, who Is so much Interested lu 'The Herald."— Mr l<\ Duffy, chairman of the Artists' smoke concert on Saturday night. There are very few good able seamen offering themselves nowadays for sail ing ships. The attractions of shorter trips, frequent touches at port, better accommodation, letter food, and ab sence of Isolation to ho found on steam- era are too great. So says Captain W. II. Bennett of the Loch Vennnchar, aud lie ought to know if anyone does. "An able seaman, to entitle hltn to that rating, should be able to hand, reef and steer, and. further, to perforin all the handicraft work connected with the standing ami running rigging and sails, and to take accurate soundings with lead and line." So says the authori ties. IIow many can do It since train ing on steamers Dime into vogue? Cap tain Bennett says very few. In the Practice Court to-day Mr Ilerahl applied to Mr Justice Hood for n sjwclal jury in the City of Mellwurne Bank prosecutions. His Honor said ho did not think the application should be mode ex parte. He thought notice should be given to the other side, and they would probably file a consent order. The application wlil probably be renewed lu a few days. Interesting breach of contract ease In the County, Court. "Madame Seholtz" sold a herlvtilst and clnlrvoynncy busi ness, in Fltzrny, to Mary Simpson for MOO. The latter' paid L2." and gave p.n., notes' for tho balance. Then, dis covering that the business was not what It purported to lie, the vendor de manded the return of her money. Judge Hamilton gave Judgment In favor of Mrs Simpson. Another popular mistaken notion des- troy oil. It lias long been considered that the immense increase in the num ber of cyclists must have seriously af fected the tramway receipts. The managing director of the company, In the course of an Interesting Jnteiwiow, this morning, stated tlmtany loss which was sustained in the ordinary trainc was compensated for by the increased business created by bicycling sports. The Czar and Czarina are in Ger many. In .proposing the health of his distinguished guest, nt a banquet given in Breslnu, tho Bniperor William de clared that Nicholas was the bulwark of pence— we thought William claimed to be this himself— and that his sentiments towards Germany were of the satno cordial character as those which marked Alexander III. Tho chances are. that Nicholas, as he listened to these tilings, wis thinking about his ally La Belle Ftuuce nil the time, and wondering how she would take all tills Germany cor diality. . A blood-curdling story comes from sweot Auburn, loveliest village of the plain! . There is a flavor of Christmas Ere about It, with a dash of Gray's Elegy: and just a spice of the Illc et ublquo of Ilnmlct's father. Tho aroma is uiui oi sijjuihib. xii ail otherwise pleasant little cottage sounds arc heard, at Die hour when churchyards ynwu, of "inufiled footsteps," and there are ghostly rapping of the sort tlmt used to precede llid coming of the eh- cluiiiting josephiuc during those famous Sydney seances. ' Detective Dungcy has slept in the house several nights, and his hair has not stood on end a bit. These ofiiclui peopio arc so lacking In imagination. Dungcy is understood to entertain' a determination to lay tho Auburn ghost out. IJt the spirit give him an even chance, aud we back the detective. Special Jury asked for In tho City of Melbourne Bank cases. The matter to come up ngnln. Sensational robliery In Sydney tills morning. Tramway stables broken open by four masked armed men, with re volver, and 1.00 carried off. The tonnage of the British mercantile marine lias so enormously increased that there arc not sufficient British sailors to man all the British ships, and the result Is that foreigners In British ships are Increasing. This is the testi mony of an experienced coramauder of a sailing ship. Mr Eugene T. Gregory, formerly In spector of weights and measures in the Kyneton district, has been appointed inspector to the recently constituted , , Weights and Measures Union of the municipalities of Richmond, Hawthorn, Kcw nnd Boroondnrn. In Kyneton Mr Gregory wns n, very vigilant official— too vigilant, Indeed, for the liking of those who happened to have any unstamped or light welgths. rie was 'banqueted Ixtfore leaving Lauriston, near Kyneton, where ho resided Inst. 