DEVILS IN FRANCE: I Apparitions and things. OTHER lire devil is abroad in France! l'ms is now tlie cry throughout the length and breadth of that country. Never within the memory of ' man has there been sneli a iscare; never have there been so many blood-curdling stories of :nvfnl, supernatural apparitions. From these stories one would imagine that the whole infernal host and a bat talion or 'two of celestial angels had broken loose. We hear of Belial, of Asbtnretli, of Apollyoii. of several other uncanny and undesirable demons. We hen r, too, of sylplis, of shapeless mon sters Tike incubi. of pallid ghosts, of liery serpents, and of a marvellous woman, who is supposed to be the Vir gin Mary. Of sorcerers, too, and their strange doings we hear somewhat, as also of witches and their magical pranks. The denizens of the other worlds made tlieir lirst appearance at Tilly sur- Seulle. All Europe heard of aud marvelled at these apparitions, and linally they caused so much stir that the French Society of Psychical Sciences started au investigation. Abbe Brettes went to Tilly, spent sev eral days there, and finally returned and made his report. Here is what this churchman aud scientist, says:— ‘u am absolutely convinced that ap paritions were really seen at Tilly. I have obtained all possible testimony on the subject, ami tile proofs that the apparitions were genuine are in contestable. Legends and traditions show that tin's region lias been always 11:>unted; A well known government olneigl. ft is said, saw (lie Virgin Mary one evening wreathed inflames. Ap paritions began to appear on March :'iid since then they have appeared several times daily. The school chil dren were the lirst to see the Virgin alary, mid they spread the story every where, the result being that, im mense crowds have been coming to Tilly, as many as 3S.OOO arriving on one single day. «• MANY WITNESSES EXAMINED. " During my investigation 1 examin ed more than fifteen hundred witnes ses. among whom were representatives of all classes and of all ways of tliink —magistrates, teachers, believers, and unbelievers. I closely questioned them all. and they told me the same story. My conclusion is that wo can not dispute this evidence. The super natural certainly exists, aud defies ma terialism and free thought. These phe liomena appear to be both divine and diabolical, if they cannot be both at the same .time, then the diabolical in fluence preponderates, for, while au angel of darkness can assume tlie ap pearance of an angel of light, an angel of light never assumes the guise of an angel of darkness. “I bin convinced that if the1 spot where these apparitions have appeared is thoroughly dug. we shall discover tile ruins of-a chapel or a. convent, or of some monument dedicated to the Virgin. In conclusion. let me say that we should not be surprised at the fre fluent appearances of supernatural phenomena in these days. Snell phe nomena have appeared at all times, but persons paid no attention to them. To-day we are at the height of the re action against free thought ; the psy chical sciences have made great pro gress and have greatly helped to arouse tlie attention of the men and women who have for some time been shaken in the faitli of tlieir childhood, and are now coming back to honest belief after an era of 4 doubt.. The history of-the world IB full of 'sneli reactions.” A little girl named Poliniere has al ready seen the apparition of the Virgin thirty times at Tilly, and touching is her description of the manner in which she feels herself impelled by some mys terious force to remain ever near tlie spot where the wondrous vision ap pears. Sometimes, in place of tlie Vir giu. appears chapels, statues, angd and globes of lire. Out of tlie groi tliey seem to come, enveloped in a clo which gradually disappears, only to main again after tlie vision has fi manifested itself. On Ascension I Two hundred witnesses say they sav rosy eloud. while eighty say they sat Calvary and sixty a cross/ So young persons, who tried to plav on credulity of the pilgrims, found flic selves hunted by three lierv bullets, which they fired their revolvers in vr Ofliers say they have seen lieadlc Moody phantoms and have heard im ible bells ringing; nay. one day a li devouring his prey, is said to iiave ; pea red to a large number of perso among them being a child, who y nearly frightened to death. AN EXTRAORDINARY INCIDE: But here is a yet more oxtraordin: incident. On tlie robe in which one the latest apparitions of tlie Vir was clothed were written four lettc Marie Laine. who saw this vision, di not know how to rend. She ast some one to show her an alpha! which being done, she straight^ pointed out tlie letters that, she li seen on tlie Virgin’s robe. Tliev wi the letters E. S. P. Q. What eoi they mean? This was the questi everyone asked. Among tlie oth, Abbe Brettcs was puzzled until he turned to Paris, for there he found letter from Caon, saying that the h den meaning of these letters Iiad be revealed to a child in a dream. They are tlie lirst four letters of t four Latin words, “ Unuin sacellt piuni Qtiaeso,” the meaning of whi I* ,nr;\ Iooki11- f01‘ Jioly chapel.” ,n'° child wlio made this discovery Knows no Latin any more than Marie Lame, who first saw the letters, knows how to read. The savor of diabolism about this extraordinary phenomenon .. has caused widespread awe. which is intensified by the inexplicable conduct ®f.„a strange woman who lias been at Tilly for some (lays. Site is clothed entirely in black, for winch reason slie is known far and wide as “the black woman,” and rumor has it that she sees most terrible sights \ pitiful sight she is. so much does she seem to suffer. On her forehead are ever groat beads of perspiration. Her eyes are red with weeping, and at times her whole face is convulsed as 11iou"li with horror at some diabolical vision Abbe Brettes questioned her as to her trouble, and she confessed to him that she was constantly beset with visions of Legion, who, he it. known, is a most potent demon. She I logged the abbe to free her from her tormentor, a request which the abbe, though entirely willing was unable to grant, as Legion, with demoniac persistency, declined to show himself while the abbe was present. So •‘tlie black woman” still weeps, and shudders in the grip of the hideous demon. THE SOCIETY’S CONCLUSION. Taking all these alleged facts into consideration, the Society of Psychical Sciences arrived at the following con clusions:— 1\. The supernatural, as manifested at Tilly, bids defiance to all the laws of materialism. -• Certain facts, but only those which nnve been clearly proven, seem to be of divine origin: others betray their dia bolic.nl origin. Therefore we must ad mit. either than Tilly is the ground on which a battle is being fought between the divine supernatural, and the diabol ical supernatural, or that all the phenomena, of which we have spoken, are the result of a demoniac influence. 4\. Finally, our practical conclusion is this:—That it is necessary to make ex cavations in the place where the appari tions have appeared, so it is likely that thus we may obtaiu valuable elements of information. | This is certainly a practical conclu sion, and many are wondering whether the black woman's ” frame of mint! will change after the magical ground at: Tilly has been thoroughly dug up. Few think it will, “for she is truly pos sessed.” say they. “Did she not say a lady who was imploring the Virgin on behalf of her sick child:—‘Unhappy one, what are you doing here? Go away at once. Your child will not be cured.’ Twelve tapers were burning at a little distance from her, five of which had been placed there by the mother of the sick child. As ‘the black woman’ spoke a great black-winged buttertly Hew among the tapers and extinguished the live, the very live placed there by the mournful mother. They were re-lit. but the monster buttertly appeared again and extinguished them once Very strange all this, but not. more strange than the story of the haunted house at Valeuce-en-Brie. This house J has been the theatre of inexplicable sounds, most mystifying being a voice, the owner of which has hitherto eluded all human eyes. For seventeen days this mysterious voice has been making itself heard throughout the house, now insulting, uow terrifying, now pleading. Policemen have tried to lind the owner, and the weird voice lias laughed them to scorn. Dr. Pate, the family physi cian. has investigated, and the taunt ing voice has covered him with contu mely. Furniture has been smashed by the invisible destroyer, and after one wreck of this kind the voice shouted maliciously:—“Hurrah. I am doing good work: I am content with myself!” A curious explanation of this mys tery iias just lieeu offered. Isabelle I’el lettier. the servant in this house, oc cupied, it appears, two situations be fore her present one, and in each of them occurred phenomena somewhat, resembling those now occurring in the haunted house. These phenomena, too. it is said, only occurred in her presence or when she was near.' Now, it is a re markable fact that in every so-called haunted house there is said to be either a sensitive young girl or some man who is suffering from a nervous malady. The theory is that the strange pheno mena that occur in such bouses are due to the presence of men with diseased nerves, or. which is far more often the case, of high strung young girls from thirteen to twenty years of age. The experiments of M. do Hoclias and of Dr. Bara due prove that man is possessed of a fluid envelope, which, in its normal state, is impalpable and invisible, but. which under known con ditions can leave the body and become materialised, after which it. imprcg-| nates inert, bodies to such an extent as to communicate to them a sort of life. In the case of some persons certain effluvia escape from this fluid in the form of waves, becoming more intense when the subject is in direct, contact with the ground, without the interposi tion of isolating substances. Dr. Baradttc has especially shown, by means of photography, that the phenomenon of aspiration' and expiration is mani fested by tlie eosmie substances with which this euvelope is nourished. Knowing so much, and whether wo believe that. living visible beings are tlie only beings on this earth, or that there are also other invisible beings, such as angels, demons or iucubi. t wo plausible explanations can be given of the phenomena, occurring at the haunt ed house at Yaleuce-on-Brie. . One is that the subject impregnates wItli'th'e:vltnVnuia*Whntcvef'ob.1ectsire approaches. These objects, then, in a sense become extensions or prolonga tions of his body, and when he moves from one place to another they move with him. It. is possible, too, that the simple contact of an object charged with opposing electricity may bring about a returning current which will cause objects to change their positions. The smashing of furniture, then, could bo explained by a violent electric But we cannot in this way explain the presence of the mysterious voice, for. in order to produce this a mater ialisation of the organs necessary for the emission of articulate sounds would be necessary. The second explanation is very simple and will cause many to smile. The ques tion is. Slay not a spirit, at times obtain possession of this vital force after it. has escaped from the human body, and may it not then model it and materialise it and use it. for his own purposes? The Kabbalists and modern occultists be lieve in the existence of elementary de mons. and claim that they people the elements, among such demons being sylphs, gnomes, undines, incuhi and salamanders, some wandering through space and endeavoring to become in carnated, others l>eing incarnated, which latter are vicious and imperfect men. Occultists, too, believe in the ex istence of fludic phantoms, known to the ancients as larvas and lemurs, which love the steam of shed blood, and which flee before the edge of a sword. Only by dividing them can such fluidic coagulations be destroyed. Dr. Bnrndnc holds that these phan toms are monstrous productions, with out body or soul, ami that they can be attracted by certain invalids, who arc in fatal sympathy with them, and who thus enable them to drag out for a longer or shorter time a fictitious exis tence at their expense. They are, as it were, supplementary instruments of the invalids’ instinctive will, their aim being never to cure but Always to mock and mislead. There is a third explanation—that the phenomena in the haunted house are the work of a practical joker, but, if so, it is rather strange that the joker has not yet been caught. Among those 'who have studied psychic sciences the opinion seems to he that Louise Pel lettier is the author, though probably unconsciously or unintentionally, of all tliis apparent diablerie. . On the other hand. Alihe Sclinabelin, who ranks next to Dr. Fapus as the , most profound occultist of modern times, is of opinion that the residents I of the haunted house have been en chanted by a sorcerer. Rochas re cently made certain experiments as to the effects of enchantment. He pricked the photograph of a certain person all j over with a pin, and found that the per I son whose photograph it was felt the pin-prick's in ills own body. Rochas simply desired to prove that there is a good deal of truth in the old legends regarding the wickedness of sorcerers. Now scorcerers flourish to-day in several parts of France, and especially in Paris, Brittany, Berry and the Basque country. They are, as a rule, shepherds, tramps and ordinary fortune tellers of both sexes. Among them. too. are several young girls, and they are especially dreaded, for they are supposed to have the power of inflict ing unspeakable woe. Gypsies have also kept up the ancient practice of sorcery, the most celebrated being those of Hun gary. Bosnia and Russia. Abbe Sclinabelin has not spoken rash ly. He went, to Valence-en-Brie, made a careful investigation, and only then expressed the opinion that the entire turmoil has been caused by a sorcerer. A man, known to be a sorcerer, lives in tlie neighborhood, and, according to the abbe. his fluid body or that of some other sorcerer hns the power of freeing itself from the material body at will, and hns in this instance done so in order to annoy tlie family in the haunt ed house. In this enlightened age a conjecture of this kind sounds absurd, hut it is very plausible when we compare it with other stories of sorcerers, and especial ly those concerning human metamor phosis. Here, for example, is one told by Delaucrc. a member of Parliament, who. in the reign of Louis XIII.. was commissioned to make an inquiry into the actions of the Basque sorcerers:— gentleman of the Basque country.” he says, “returning from the hunt, saw a site-wolf, whose eyes seemed to him to bo very like those of his wife. He raised his gun and tired. The sho-wolf, hit. in the side, ran off. howling. “On bis return home the gentleman found ltis wife in bed. pretending that she had hurt herself by accident, as she was out walking. The gentleman examined the wound, and great was ltis I amazement when lie found in it some grains of shot of the same size as he had used. “The unhappy woman then confessed that site had been in the habit of as suming the form of a site-wolf, with the object of taking part in the witches’ revels, and that it was she who had been shot by her husband. Her name was the Lady of Urtubi, and soon after this event she was tried and burned.” 