WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. v BY MISS BR ADD ON. CHAPTER XXIII.— (Continued.) "No, sir; sober and sane enough to know wnen I am happy. I told you before this gentleman came here that I did not mean to marry. Surely I am not so unloving a daughter that I must be driven to take a husband because my father will not have me." "Angela, It Is for your own safety and welfare I would have you married. What have you to succeed to when I am gone? A poor estate, in a country that has seen such rough changes within a acoro of years, that one dare scarcely calculate upon a prolonged time of safety, even In this sequestered valley. God only knows when cannon balls may tear up our fields, and bullets whistle through the copses. This monarchy, re stored with such a clnmorus approval, may en dure no longer than the Commonwealth, which was thought to be lasting. His Majesty's tri vial life and gross extravagance have disgusted aad alarmed some who loved him dearly, and have set the common people questioning >yhether the rough rule of the Protector were not better than the ascendancy of shameless women and dissolute men. The pageantry of Whitehall may vanish lllce a parchment scroll In a furnace, and Charles, who has tasted the sours of exile, may he again a wanderer, dependent on the casual munificence of foreign States; and In such an evil hour," continued the knight, his mind stray ing from the contemplation of his daughter's future to the memory of his own wrongs, "Charles Stuart may remember the old puts who fought and suffered for his father, and how scurvy a recompense they had for their ser vices." Ho reverted to Denzll's offer after a brief silence, Angela walking dutifully by his side, prepared to suffer any harshness upon his part without complaining. "I love the young man, and he would be to me as a son," he said; "the comrade and support of my old age. I am poor, as the world goes now; have hut just enough to live modestly In tills retreat, where life costs, but little. He Is rich, and can give you a handsome seat near your sister's mansion, and a house in London, if you desire one; less splendid, doubtless, than Fareham's palace on the Thames, but more be fitting the habits and manners of an English gentleman's wife. He can give you hounds and hawks, your riding horses, and your coach and six. What more, In Gods name, can any reason able woman desire?" "Only one thing, sir. To live my own life In peace, a3 my conscience and my reason bid me. I cannot love Donzil Warner, though of late I have grown to lilce and respect him as a friend and most intelligent companion. Your persist ence Is fast changing friendship Into dislike, and the very name of the man would speedily become hateful to me." "Oh, I have done," retorted Sir John. "I am no tyrant. You must take your own way, mis tress. I can hut lament that Providence gave me only two daughters, and one of them an ar rant fool." He left her In a huff, and had It not been for a stupendous event, which convulsed town and country, and suspended private Interests and private quarrels In the excitement of public affairs, she would have heard much more of his discontent. 'The Dutch ships were at Chatham. English men-of-war were blazing at the very mouth of the Thames, and there was panic lest the trium phing foe should sail their warships up the river to London, besiege the Tower, relight the fires whose ashes were scarce grown cold, pillage, slaughter, destroy — as Tilly had destroyed the .wretched provinces In the religious war. Here in this sheltered haven, amidst green fields, under the lee of Brill, the panic and con sternation were as intense as if the village of St. Nicholas were the one spot the Dutch would make for after landing; and. Indeed, there were rustics who went to the placid scene where the Infant stream rises in its cradle of reed and lily, half expectant of seeing uncouth Nether landish vessels stranded among the rushes. The Dutch fleet was at Chatham. Ships were being sunk across tho Modway to stop the In vader. Sheerness was to be fortified; London was In arms, and Brill remembered Its repulse of Hamp den's regiment with a proud consciousness of he- lug invincible. The Dutch fleet saved Angela many a paternal lecture, for Sir John rode post-baste towards London, and did not return until the end of the month. In London he found Hyacinth, much disturbed about her husband, who had gone as volunteer avith General Middleton, and was In command of a cavalry regiment at Chatham. "I never saw him in such spirits as when he left me," Lady Fareham told her father. "I believe he is ever happiest when he breathes gunpowder." Sir John's leave-taking had been curt and moody, lor his daughter's offence rankled deep In bis mind, and it was as much as he could do to command his anger even in bidding her good bye. "Did I not tell you that we live in troubled times, and that no man can foresee the aoming of evil, or how great our woes and distractions may be?" ho asked, with a gloomy triumph. "Who ever thought to hear De Ruyter's guns at Sheerness, or to see the Royal Charles led cap tive? Absit omen! Who knows what destruc tion may come upon that other Royal Charles, for whose safety we pray morning and night, and who lolls across a basset-table, perhaps, with his wantons round him, while we are' on our knees supplicating the Creator for him— who knows? iWe may have London in flames again, and a conflagration more fatal than the last, thou ob stinate wench, before thou art a week older, and every able-bodied man called away from plough and pasture to serve the King, and de- solatlon and famine where now plenty smiles at us. And Is this a time in which to refuse a valiant and wealthy protector — a lover as hon est as God ever made; a pious, conforming Christian of unsullied name; a young man after my own pattern; a fine horseman and a good farmer; one who loves a pack of hounds and a well-bred horse, a flight of bawlcs and a match at bowls, better than to give chase to a she-rake In the Mall, or to drink himself stark mad at a tavern in Covent Garden with debauchees from Whitehall?" Sir John prosed and grumbled to the last moment, but could not refuse to bend down from his saddle and kiss tho fair pale face that looked at htm In piteous deprecation at the mo ment of parting. "Well, keep a brave heart, Mistress Wilful. Thou art safe here yet awhile from Dutch ma rauders. I - go but to And out how much truth there is In these panic rumors." She begged him not to fatigue himself with too long stages, and went back to the silent house, thankful to be alone In her despondency. She felt as if the last page In her worldly ltfo had been written. She had to turn her thoughts backward to that quiet retreat where there would at least be peace. She had promised her father that she would not return to the convent while he wanted her at homo. But was that promise to hold good if ho were to embitter her life by urging her to a marriage that would only bring her unhapplness? She had ample leisure for thought dn one sum mer day of solltudo so absolute that she began to shiver In tho sultry stillness of afternoon, and scarce ventured to raise her eyes from book or embroidery frame, lest some shadowy presence, some ghost out of the dead past, should hover near, watching her as she sat alone In scenes whero that pale spirit had been living flesh. The thought of all who had lived and died in that house — men and women of her own race, whose qualities of mind and person she had Inherited — oppressed lior In tho long hours of silent reverie. Before her flrst day of loneliness had ended her spirits had sunk to deepest melancholy; and In that weaker condition of mind she had begun to ask herself whether she had any right to oppose her father's wishes by denying herself to a suitor whom she esteemed and respected, and whose filial affection would bring new sunshine Into that dear father's declining years. She had noted their manner to each other during Denzll's pro tracted visit, and had seen nil the evidences of a warm regard on both Bides. She had too com plete a faith In Denzll's sterling worth to question the reality of any feeling which his words and manner Indicated. He was above all things a man of truth' and honesty. She was roaming about tho gordons with her dog towards noon in the second day of her soli tude. when across the yew hedges she saw white clouds of dust rising from tho high road, and heard the clatter of hoofs and roll of wheels — a noise as of a troop of cavalry— whereat Ganymede barked himself almost into an apoplexy, and rush ed across the grass like a mad thing. (To be continued.) 