ECHOES FROM LONDON. [Bt Oxonian. 1 London, November 8. On Wednesday the King ©1 Portugal reaobed London. Amongst the distinguished visitors who gathered to reoeive him waB General Lord Methuen. This reoention was bistori oslly apposite, for John Methuen, the Founder of the Family, was Ambassador to Portugal during the reign of William IV. and Anne. He was the framer of the Methuen Treaty, which dealt with the interchange of wool and wine, an agreement which subsisted until reoently. On His Majesty's arrival at Buck ingham Palaoe he insisted, oontrary to all precedent, upon inspecting the colonel's eeoort of the 1st Life Guards, whioh had been drawn up at His Majesty's wish within -the quad rangle of the Palace. The pleasure with whioh His Majesty viewed the stalwart troopers was not greater than the astonish ment caused by those who had to submit to the inspection. As the King's eeoort was leaving tho Palaoe one of the troopers caught his foot in tbo gate, and his horse could not be stopped. With a great effort of strength he wrenohed his foot away. The spur was torn from his boot, but he retained bis seat in the saddle. It i| reported that Colonel North iB going to fiuanoe a dyndioate to run Sir William Robin son's piece, "P*edatores,"at the Shaftesbury. The piot ia probably familar to my readers, and ombraces incidents auoh as one is acoustomed to assooiate with the Savoy Theatre here, People who hAve seen it in Australia, and who are acquainted with plays suob as "TheChieftain,"are of opinion that the similarity of the piooes is very striking. It is further stated that Bir William Robinson is going to personally oonduot on the opening night. This may or may not be the ease, but should it everoome to pass it will be the first ocoasion on whioh a representative of royalty has wielded the baton for a oomio opera of his own composition. He is an aocompliehed musician, and his songs are to be heard at mauy a fashionable gathering, and there ia every reason to believe that the play at the Shaftesbury, with its conjunction of money and talents, will prove a marked suoeess. At a meeting of one of his Companies, Jabez. Balfour, whose trial is dragging on, announced that for some time past the old ship bad been ploughing the troubled waters, bub that at last they had managed to pull her oub of the mire, and be believed that now she was on bor feet again she would progress by leaps and bounds. As Jabez Balfour was known m oity oiroltsa as 1' The skipper" a more delightful misapplication of marine meta phors oouid hardly beimngined,' Another notability has also passed through London, in the person of Prinoe Charles of Denmark, the affianced husband of Prinoess Maud. Ho arrived at Southampton yesterday in the Danish oorvette fyen, and travelled to London and thence to Bandringham. His stay will be very short, as his duties oall him away tooruisein the Danish West Indies. Although thobraaoh of promises have fallen off there has b'-en no look of very aensatiunal will oases. Mr. Justice Barnes and a special jury will shortly have before them a suit of a most romantio nature, in which a solioitor who di»d ai an advanced age left property to tho valde of £100,000 to a young lady who acted for a time as bis nurse. The will ib 1 opi»osed by the eons of the testator, on the j grounds that deceased was of unsound mind, and that for some time previously his affairs had been managed by a committee.' Eminent : counsel.have been retained oh eaoh side, and j there is every prospect of a very sporting fight. An extraordinary case of the love of strong waters being qnenohed by an anmithetio is going the round of the medical papers. If j there is anyth-bg in the story we may be i standing on the brink of a discovery whioh ! may at onoe remove what intemperate tern poranoe orators eal), with Borne justice, " the ourse of Eagland." The story is as follows A gentleman recently underwent on opera tion at a hospital in town and was rendered unconscious by a mixture of chloroform, alcohol, and ether. The operation was suo-. cessful, and. the patient is again m his ordinary .health. When previously robust he admits to having had a "moderate partiality" for whisky. Sinoe the operation be has had the greatest dmtAste for it, Bines his dis charge from the hospital on interval of twelve months has elapsed, and biB feeling against spirits is to-dav as strong as ever.- It is, of course, to tho ansfeithetio that he attributes bis loss of the alcohol .appetite, and there is soroeootnmotioa amongst medical circles as to : whether a onro for the drink babit may not lie close to hand. The lateBt application of the bicycle to pur poses of everyday utility is to be found in an ingenious contrivance by whioh it supplies the motor-power of a mowing-machine.' The rear . wheel is like that of the ordinary safety, but inplaoeof the guiding-wheel there isa20-in. lawnmower, fitted with pneumatio tires. The mower is attached to.the frame of the machine by long steel prongs, and may be adjasted to - out high or low. Two rods extend from the' rear rame to the mower, and thus equalize, the strain. It onn be turned in a six-foot oirole, ftod it* inventor iit(M that a la*m can bemo^adbyitia o&vthird; of the time now b'poupied. "It is the oonntry oouein who can direot you to All the tigbta in London. The .genuine Cockney hoe no idea ot the British Museum, the National Gallery, St. Paul's, or the Abbey. , He oould probably tell you the but. to take to arrive at these edifioes, and he is probably, well acquainted with their exterior^ beyond be does not penetrate. It it, there fore, left to a visitor to make a melancholy discovery in the Abbey. Recently Gold smith's monument in the Temple woe re ported by one of the tribe to be in a de plorable condition. This time it it Johnson's tombstone. Every sohoolboy knows (vide Maoaulay) that Johnson and Garriok lie side by side at tbe foot of Shakepeare. , Garriok'• tombstone, be it said, is in a fine state of repair, every letter of the inscription being plainly gilded and cutj Johnson s, however, is oraoked aoross the middle, the lettering is indistinct, and a verger, who cares for none of these things, has set a form halfway over the stone, so that only by a painful and undigni fied attitude osn one make out the name of the " immortal" buried beueatb. In faot, but for the more enduring monument raised by Boswell, Johnson might have literally coated to exist. . Every one here is entirely sick of theMarl borough-Vauderbilt wedding. The atrooioue display, the disgusting rehearsal, and the family enmities were all a degree too Ameri can even for the British palate, now hardened by the personal paragraph. One or two of* the papers have chronicled the affair with a bad taste which merits decisive condemna tion. Why on earth one should be excited so - knowing that " Mrs. Vanderbilt and her sons went for a drive in Central Park yesterday afternoon," or that " Mr. Vanderbilt went to his offioe in tbe morning and left by train in tbe afternoon," is a matter no fellah can understand unless that fellah be a born journalist versed in Yankee ways. . London, November 10. _ The London and North - Western train which is to carry the Queen north is a mode) of luxury, and consists of thirteen carriages, and is nearly 500 ft. in length. The train ne ver travels at a greater speed than thirty five miles an hour, and during the night this is considerably slowed down. It has lately become the rule for the train to entirely slop for half an hour at about 8 o'clock in the morning to enable 1ler Majesty to dress comfortably. She occupies two saloons, which are connected by a passage, and only I'rineesa Beatrice travels with her. These saloons are most carefully constructed, and run as .smoothly as any C-spring carriage. The day saloon is fitted up as a library dining-room with tables, armchairs, a sofa, largo footstools, and racks for books, parcels, and despatch-boxes. The furniture is of white silk embroidered with gold, and the carpet is of velvet. The walls are of polished satin wood and panelled witli mirrors. The saloon is ventilated from the roof, and lighted with shaded lamps, and wanned by gas-stoves and hot-water pipes, but these are rarely used, as the Queen thinks they prodnfxj a stuffy feeling, jlor Majesty sits in a large, low. easy armchair facing the engine. By her side is a writing-table, which is covered with hooks, paper, and writing materials. As a rule the Queen receives and dispatches a number of telegrams at Perth. The night saloon is arranged in com partments, the principal one bang a Ixdrooin, with two bods—one for the Queen, the other for Princess Beatrice. Next, is a dress ing- room with a metal bath. There is a com partment for the luggage required on the journey and for two maids or ''dressers.' But)i saloons are fitted with electric light, and the Queen can cause the train to bo stonjied in two or three minutes. The. other saloons are occupied by any momliers of the Royal family who may happen to be. travelling with the Queen, members of the. Household-in waiting, the Royal nurseries, the Indian atten dants, and those servants whose special duty involves their attendance occupy the remain ing parte of the train. A plan gives the number of the carriages and the names of their occupants, as well as a complete time table containing every possible information. The Queen's copy is printed on satin in purple, and hears the Royal arms in gold upon the top. Before and after the Queen's train has passed all traffic, on the various lines is stopped for a certain time. A pilot- engine runs in front, of the train as an additional pree.oitiou. it is a rule that no signalman is to allow the Queen's train to pass his box until lie. has re ceived an intimation that the line is clear from the next box in front. Prince Christian Victor, the oldest, son of Prince and Princess Christian, who is to accompany the expedition to .Khmasi, lias already smelt powder. lie took part, in the Ha&ara; expedition, and was mentioned in despatches—not by reason of his rank, hut by virtue of his deeds. He was born at Windsor Castle in 1807, and has for some timo boon in the King's Royal Rifle Corps. At Welling ton College he was very popular, and cap tained lx>th the cricket and football teams. The "auto-car" is the subject of much dis cussion at the present, moment, Exjieriinents have been made with these horseless carriages, and it has lieen found perfectly practicable to run them for any distance/over any of our country roads at an easily attained speed of nine or ten miles an hour. The motive-power is obtained by means of petroleum. The mechanical difficulties may, I think, be re garded as overcome, hut as the law at present stands they are rendered entirely useless. In effect the Legislature has enacted that any vehicle propelled by steam or any analogous mode of locomotion must not proceed more than four _ miles an hour and must have a signalman _ in front to give warning to approaching carriages. The avowed object of this Statute is to prevent accidents which might occur, owing to horses being frightened by traction-engines and similar screeching' monsters. But experi menters with these auto-cars have' found that horses take absolutely no notice of their new fashioned rival, and they consider, properly enough, that the enormous Utility of tlio invention should not be frustrated by a dry enactment, which has in their ease no reason for its observance. The maxim, no doubt, on which they rely is Ccs&ante; rutume, ecsaat ipsa , lex,' and a modification at least of the law as it at , present stands is inevitable. The auto-car, once its "existence is possible, will be followed by. the autmeycle. An American inventor hasarrived in London who intends to revolutionize the present method of cycle-propulsion. His idea ' ib to create a series of jHitrolcum-oil explosions with the aid of electric sparks and utilize tho power of combustion in much the same way as in gas-motors. The principle has produced remarkable results, a speed of forty miles an hour having been obtained in America with tho aid of the petroleum-propellor. Enormous crowds will no doubt be attracted to the Aquarium during the next fortnight. The management have arranged a series of ladies' bicycle races' in which_ cyclists from England, France, and Belgium intend to com pete. The races will be divided into two sec tions of six days each, and each day will con sist of four sessic>ns:of three hours curb. Tho track -has cost close 'Upon £509 to complete, and 45 covers 11,300 superficial feet. It runs the whole circle of the vast Aquarium area, -form ing the largest centrally situated cycle race course in London. Apart from the cosh prizes offered by the Aquarium Society several miscel laneousarticlos are subscribed by tradesmen and manufacturers. Articles of jewellery of course figure hugely, and the item of six dresses as a consolation prize reminds the observer in such matters that a lady cyclist is a woman after atL Bear-Admiral Marldiam has been giving-an in tor viewer some remarkable reminiscences of his trip* to the Arctic regions in the Alert twenty years ago. Among the stores taken on that occasion was some special ale brewed by Messrs. Allsopp &■ Sons. Of that famous liquor eleven bottles still survive. It is one of the strongest ales ever brewed, and such was tho consistency of the wort that it would not run from tho copper through the tap in the ordinary way, but had to be lifted out in buckets. Its colour is a rich brown, its flavour suggestive of old Madeira, and it is said to bo as sound at the present moment as on the day of its birth. London will soon be a fairly nice place to live in. The London County Council are be- coming a little more level-headed. Parliament expunged of its faddists is to meet in the first week in February. Mr. Stead is so oocupied in obtaining photographs of ghosts that he has no time to disturb us with social problems. Mrs. Ormiston Chant is still away, and Lady Henry Somerset and that wild woman, Miss Willard, are sailing for Brindisi. Tottie Fay has paid the debt of nature, and Miss Jane Cakebread, who belongs to "the high nobility of Bishop's Stortford," and bears 370 odd con- victions on her family escutcheon, has signed away her liberty and has retired into a home for inebriates. A great many old women of both sexes were much alarmed a month since by the account sent in by correspondents in various parts of the country relating to the behaviour of the moon. It was observed to Oscillate, or, in humbler phraseology, to wobble. On Saturday last the inhabitants of Dover enjoyed a rare treat. A brilliant green meteor, almost the apparent size of tho moon, in shape rathor like a pointed hen's egg, flitted across the sky, but unkindly disap peared as soon as the inhabitants observed it, " without leaving any appreciable tail." On the same night all over the country wore observed brilliant meteors, many of them stationary. They were mainlv composed of throe feathers, and flamed brightly. It might lie added that the Prince of Wales's birthday was Saturday, November 9. The farewell banquet to the Duke of Cam bridge given by the War Office is evidently in -need of explanation. In Black and White the Duke and the distinguished officer surround ing him are in full military uniform. The Illustraied London Newg artist conceives them in simple evening dress. The chairs on which the diners are seated and the decorations od tho table are as different as tho imagination of two independent artists, neither of whom possibly witnessed tho function, could portray. I mentioned a week or two ago that there is to bo an organized protest against the re marriage of divorced persons. Father Black, it will also be remembered, became more notorious than respected for a sceno at a wedding ceremony twelve months ago. A license has been issued by the Bisnop of London and Dr. Tristram for the approaching marriage of two fairly well-known society people. Father Black at once presented an appeal to the Archbishop of Canterbury praying His Grace to cite the issuers of the license before him to answer charges of irregu larity. Ho bases his petition on the ground that one of tho parties was divorced. Now Father Black has announced in tho Press that his petition has been ignored, but that tho matter cannot be allowed to rest in its present position, Mr. Peter Robinson, the head of the well known Regent-street firm, has passed away, leaving an enormous fortune. Tho Maples, equally celebrated in trade, are very much alive, and are at Jblio present moment hugely excited over their only daughter's ongagemont to Baron Eckardtsteiu. _ Miss Grace Maple is an exceedingly pretty girl. She is well known at St. Albans, and is a frequent spectator of the cricket matches. Local rumour suggested a bridegroom without a title, but it seems that tho groom-elect will, after all, come from tho Gorman Embassy. Ho is a personal friend of tho Emperor and Empress of Germany, which niustcomfort Sir John Blundell Maple greatly. At present the Baron has spent no inconsider able portion of his time in examining his Bank account. When Miss Maple becomes Baroness Eckardstein the sinews of war will probably be visible without the aid of a micro scope. London, November 25. It is understood that the Government, in consideration of tho Jong and valuable services of tho Duke of Cambridge as Commander-in Chief, will propose to Parliament to grant him a moderate addition to his pay as Colonel of the Guards. _ 'He has been Commander-in Chief for thirty-nine years, and received tho Coloneloy of the Guards more than forty years ago undor the regulations then in foroe. It Is very generally felt that services so excep tional in duration and value should not be ter minated without marks of public approval more sulxstantial than banquets. The cartoon in Punch is in need of expla nation. _ Lord Wolseley, at least, thinks so, Britannia is represented as addressing tho now Commander-in-Chief, and is saying to him, that although all tho arrangements are no doubt satisfactory, she "expects this time something more than an umbrella." In the corner is the article in question, adorned with a label bearing the £900,000 odd which it cost to appropriate this personal relic of King The King of .Spain quitted our shores in a pique because Nature had been too kind to him. He yearned for a. London fog, for prefe renoo yellow, but the Clerk of tno Weather could not oblige him. If he had remainod thirty-sir hours longer his wish would havo been roost amply gratified. For several hours on Monday the metropolis was enveloped in a black shroud formed half of moisture, half of soot, which made tho eyes smart and the throat tickle, and transformed the most "gentle Mr. Lions into fierce Mr. Lambs." Till 2 o'olook this grimy visitant hung over the citv, but suddenly lifted for a couple of hours, only to redescend, until the next morning. During this period of inky inconvenience tho southern suburbs, such as Brixton, Dulwich, and Peekham were blessed with clear and delightful sunshine. The Bechuana Chiefs at present in London are highly intelligent mwv Their greatest gratification during their visit to England has been their visit to tho Queen at Windsor. At Exeter Hall on Thursday Sebelemade a speech from the platform, in which he rejoiced spe cially at the interview accorded to them, " because many of our people have said that there was no such person in reality, but only a law and nothing more." These Bechuana Chiefs. like the rest of us, require to see a sovereign law personified in an actual sove reign, on a tangible throne, and cannot rise to the poet's conception of law triumphing over thrones, gloves, and sovereigns * 45 The doath of Sir Henry Ponsonby will be a severe blow to the Queen. Although his de-'' cease has been long foreseen, it seldom follows that the shook is materiallyljghtened. At the beginning of this year Sir Henry was struck with paralysis, and since then has, lain in a helpless state. He was in his ^seventieth, year, ana was a grandaoh- of the third Earl of Bras* borough. In his youth he joined the army,. and, after serving in the Guards, ho acted for some time as Private Secretary to successive Viceroys in Ireland. During the Crimean war he saw a great deal of fighting, and was present at the siege of BebastopoL It was in fact at this time that lie first attracted the attention of the Court. The way in which lie was men tioned in despatches from the front struck the fancy of the Prince Consort, and on his return ho was at once appointed an Equerry to His ; Royal Highness. Prince Albert was immensely attracted by his smartness and general atten tion to detail, and he became a sort of travelling companion to the Prince Consort. The Queen's published diaries are full of reference to his readiness and resource, and she frequently relied upou him for accurate records of the places and events which were deemed worthy of special description. When, for qxamplo, the Queen wont through the Caledonian Canal it was Colonel Ponsonby who was requested to familiarizo himself with the engineering problems solved by the chain of locks, and his account was copied out by the Queen into her private diary for future infor- : mation. With Sir Henry Ponsonby die tho secrete of a quarter of a century. Ho kept no diary of his own; there are no records in tho family apart from the registers of daily events pertinent to his office. There were occasions whon Her Majesty found it necessary to with hold from her children decisions which were imparted to her Private Secretary alone. He had a rare gift for saying a kind and graceful thing. His handwriting was execrablo, and is familiar to tho _ public mainly through the agency of advertisements. In conversation ho was simplicity itself, and from the outset he realized that entire straightforwardness of speech was infinitely more agreoablc to his royal mistress than the sycophancy of less genuine men. His post has been occupiod now for some twelve months, but zoal and ability compensate but little for tho experience and tact of a quarter of a century. All lei lids of rumours have been afloat con cerning our military expedition to King Prempoh. The latest is that Prince Henry, of Battenberg, has scented a soft thing and would liko to accompany Princo Christian. Whether Sir Francis Scott would be exceedingly do lighted to have the "honorary" colonel of this and that on his staff is to be doubted. The fighting—if there is to be any—could hardly bo more dangerous to Prince Honry, having regard to the law _ of averages, than were bis first appearances in the hunting field. Any how it wonld give him a nice outing at no particular expense, and lie could thou return, a i seasoned warrior! Tho Booiety paragraphs written on the hack stairs are as oorrcct as any information that comoa from such a quarter. From them one learns that Princo Francis, of Took, who is going to India, leaves behind him in Ireland a reputation of which any young soldier might be proud. Of his qualification as ,an officer I cannot speak, and of his reputation I would rathornot. Ho might, however, with advan tage be asked whether there is much to swagger about in losing £10,000 on a horse race wffen one's possessions are not a tenth of that sum. His relativos/might also be oatechised as to the immense amount of family pride which can be derived from having to back tho hill to keep matters sweet. At present the police authorities are un ravelling tho workings of a body styling tbom- | selves the "World's_ Marriage Association," ; The investigation is in its infancy, but the de- 1 tails promise to provide a considerable amount of Christmas cheer. The humorous details arc expected to bo a fitting counterblast to the lugubrious Christmas stories which have of late found favour amongst Editors. Tho ad vertisement given below did not appear in the columns of tbo journal. No humbug could have added the question as to the colour of the oyos. So absorbing a topio oould only occur to the young and ardent love of fifty-four:— " Matrimony.—Would a domestic, tired of slavery, about forty, with grey eyes, corres pond with a middle-agod mechanio of fifty four. Benodict, Box19,802, &c.; Mr. Roader Harris, the well-known Q.C. of tho Parliamentary Bar, holds with extremr tenacity certain religious views. He i3 by no meant silent on tho points of doctiino which dovetail with his own. Ho has now issued a formal challenge to Prebendary Webb Peploe, offering to pay down £100 if tho Prebendary of St. Paul s can produce a text supporting a doctrine which the worthy Q.C. impugns, The offer up till now has not been accepted, and if this land of sporting ortho-heterodox 7 becomes fashionable, there is a fine field for the S.P. bookmaker of_ clerical tendencies. Macaulay when bored with a sermon used to withdraw his attention and read the Prayer Book. Occasionally other literature seems to be within roach. A correspondent of a Church paper recites how she attended a parish Church in a provincial town, and by some oversight omitted to provide horself with ser vico books. The attendant promply supplied the deficiency, but on opening the supposed Prayer Book tho first thing that mot her gaze was " How to Jug Haro." Both at Drury-lane and the Lyceum pre parations for tho Christmas season are pro gressing. At the former "Cinderella" has won chosen as the subject for the pantomime. In place of the long processions usual in othor years, which have formed a dazzling though somewhat wearying feature, Sir Augustus Harris will concentrate his attention on tho ballroom and transformation scene. These are to be striking examples of taste and splen dour. The music hall, that enemy of tho theatre, is this year to be reduced to a mini mum ; whilst the humours of tho two ugly sisters so associated with the names of Nicholls and Campbell, will this time be kept strictly within London County Council limits. Mr. Oscar Barrett at the Lyceum will offer a re vised edition of "liobinson Crusoe." This ohildren's favourite never palls. The reputa tion which Mr. Oscar Barrett gained in "Santa Claus" and "Cinderalla" is to bo rendered more brilliant by the efforts he is making on this occasion. His motto is ono which many managers might consider with advantage—Good hearty fun; no useless mag nificence. The See of Chichester, which has been vacant for some time, was supposed to have received a Bishop in the person of I)r. Wilber force, of Newcastle. The announcement of his acoeptance was widely circulated, ami his tory repeated itself, inasmuch as the Bishop wrote requesting the public to " kindly ignore rumours unless officially imparted." The true inwardness of this occult utterance seems to be that Dr. Wilberforce has been privately-] sounded as to his willingness to accept the See. It is pleasant to notice, however, that, even Bishops fail to express themselves with preci sion on every occasion. Wore they infallible, some other phrase than "rumours officially imparted" would doubtless have been used. One verdict of guilty has boon recorded against ,T. ,S. Balfour, and a fresh Jury are now investigating a second indictment. Tho plan which the prosecution proposes to toko is the opinion of a Jury on three separate in dictments, If Balfour is convicted on all throe it will be possible to pass a sentence of twenty one years upon him, which should keep him out of the City during the oourse-of his natnral life. The number <rf Jurors who claimed ex emption at the commencement of the second . trial yesterday were far leas than on the previous^ oocasion. " B" was the fatal letter from which the panel was drawn. Amidst ten nonentities came two celebrities—M. Paul Blouet and Mr. Theodore Bent. The genial Max O'R-eli did not appear, as an Irishman would say, to offer any explanation for his absence. Mr. Theodore Bent, however, had more respect for the Majesty which Mr. Justioo Bnico represents, and expressed his entire willingness to attend, subject to the necessity imposed upon him of going to Africa 011 a Delimitation Commission. In this journey, as in many anothor, he will be ac companied J>y his wife, and tlioy arc sailing in a day or two. 