THE GIIEEK COD AND THE MODERN GIltL. Reader, whom nud when the following | occurred matters not. Suffice to say it took pin CO ill Cardiff. Outwardly lie was one of that type of hum mi- j ity which thn old sculptors were fond of por traying. In height lie was about (\vo fttt nine I or ten inches, nnd brond of chrst and Moulders hut lithe of figuro find movement. His throat WBB full and round, nnd carried a bead well poised and covored with clustering black curls. His features worn almost regular enough to have been chiselled ; liis eye was large, full, and durlc. and bis fnce innocent of a hair in spite of his 24 summers and winters. Inwardly j he was less perfect; nnd herein natum had kept to her law. " But, Iiavinia," lie said in n contdraincd voice and eager manner, an lie gazed down into tbo bright bhio oyes of the woman at li s side who looko.l up at him ivitli a mixture of faint sur prise, rostiiiiliuess, and half masked masterful ness, " But, l.avmiu, yim are not in uirnast, I are you "In earnest?" with a playful smile. "Of course I aw, you great noodle. Wo have bean friends-you know, I'latonic friends-nothing move. And you have understood that all along -at least you ought to have done ; I menu you to do-so why should you ho so surprised aud pretend to be hurt because 1 accept (lie atten tions of another man P Koally, I haven't any | patience with you men; j'ou are no Milfish." j Aiul she tiiriiert nw»y to the little hrie-u-brae ! covend table on her lei I. with a petulant look. For a couple of minute* lie stoc.d looking at tho back of the neat, trim (i^ure robed in n well litting dress of soft, dark material,nnd the coils ol light-brown imir mingled with threads of seeming gold ; stood gazing at her as if he utterly failed to understand the import of what j she bad said, as if be could not grasp tho new ness of the situation Then stopping forward be laid his hands ou her shoulders, turned her gently round, looked dowu into her beautiful but weak faco, ami said in a voice husky with concentrated feelings " bavinia, surely to God, you tiro jesting are leafing me. You have seen for months past what yoti were becoming to me-your woman's insight lias told you that it is no pit-sing fancy, ! no mere time-killing effair to me. You havo civeu ine every encouragement, and at he end of every voyage you havo been glad lo seo mo " Of course, I have ; I'm always glad to see friends. But (bat doesn't sny that I loved you," interrupting him and looking & trifle irmre serious. ''But why did you accept my prisontnP| Why did you go with mo almost tveiywheio ? [ Why did you lot lue go 011 loving you more I and more with each succeeding voyagn when you knew you lmd nothing but friendship to j give in return ? " ho asked passionately. j " Heeausie 1 likeil you anil your attentions, I suppot-e," she replied, faintly, turning away her ; bead as she spoke. ' j ." And you would let ine go on headlong to misery for your own gratification ; you would see me sailing aeourul the <'< 1 :;e of a maelstrom to plea?c your whim of Ui< moment," and he looked at her fiercely " f-iivinia "-after a pause-" yell do not mean what you said whi n I asked you lo innrry roe, do you ? You don't lovo Norman Fielding, do you ? You have only been flirting with him. Come, Imviuia"-his warmth increafing-" say you have bt on but proving me, and I'll love you and work for you as man never loved or woi ked | for woman before. Sny you lmve not bei 11 flirtieg with me, nud I'll not rest until I'm in ill command of 01111 of the finest nffips afloat, and all for your sake." | " But what's the good of me saying that, Ht cfor, when I don't mean it ? t ome." wilh , the playful smile again hovering amuud her t eyes mid mouth, "come, we've played at pathos and tragedy long enough now ; do let us bo sens'bio. ' And tbo smile passed away. for a moment l:e gazed *t< adily at her-she reluming his look unflincliii gly - in deep thought; thou quietly, with a bard, si only voice, he aakeil-, " And this is to be tho end of it, then ? " "End of what ? Wow you do make mountain* out of molehills ! " " The end of my hopes,'' still in tho same calm, hard voice. " Yes, about marrying me. But we can be friends all the same "'; adding jocularly, and smiling again, "I'll bo a sister to you, you know. And you can come to me for a sister's advice and sympathy." " Thank you," he replied in the same tone as before, and talcing his hands from her *houtdcrs he turned away, A few minutes later he left the house and ; joined his ship and started ou a voyage to ' Bombay and back. Unring the passage out anil home again his brother officer:; noticed that his accustomed ' light joyousness of mauner luul passed away, his snatches of song wrrti heard no more, his repartee was a thing of the past. Hector Stau forth had become a moody, thoughtful man, who had but little to say to anyone, and kept the seclusion of his berth as much as possible. On bis sliip returning to Cardiff he kept away from the house where I.aviuia Brinsconibe lived until the evening before be sailed 011 the next ! voyage. In thu afternoon, nftar nscertaining i that they would leave by the midnight tide, be sent her a note requesting that she would grant him the favour of 1111 hour's friendly chat, and informing her that ho would call about nine o'clock. He could not, ho wrote, get away sooner. And be received an answer granting bis desire. At tho time appointed he called, rang the bell, was admitted, and shown into the little draw- j ing-room, where she mot him with her old "j lightsome manner and delusive ensnaring facial sunshine. She was glad to see him, she said . glad to welcome him back; glad to seo him look ing BO well (a near-sighted person could have I seen at a distance that the past tun weeks had brought lines to his face, and had takori the fulness and bloom from it). She aske.d him, ! with a roguish look why ho had not come up to see her sooner, adding, that she had heard of his ship being in port. And he replied that he had been unable to get away because of having commenced to load tho moment thoy entered the dock. " Have you," he asked slowly and calmly | after they had chatted a while, " have you I tbougth any more of what, we talked abuut the j night before I went away ou the last voyage ? " ' " No. Why should 1 ? " she replied airily. .' There's nothing to think about-or at least I no need to think of it." Aud she shot an in-j quiring glance ar. him. But he mtw it not. His gaze was riveted ou the tiger sfiin at his j feet-one of the presents he had brought her j from Calcutta. " Then you have decided to marry Field- I ing ? " quietly and still looking at the fangs in tho upper jaw of the dead animal, "Yes, if he asks me," giving him another I furtive glance. " Then he hasn't asked you yet ? " after a j pause, aud calmly as before. " No." " But you expcct him to do ? " "Yes-but why talfr about this?." His manner, for the first time, was taking, effect on her. " Can't we talk of something else," she added. " You are right, J.uvimi," ha said, lifting his : head and looking at her, aud assuming a more . cheerful tone as be added, " Why do we want j to talk about it ? Come, give me a glas& of , wine, and I will drink you bucccbs in tho ' matter and a long and happy life with him, then : I most be getting on board again,'' " Will you P she cxclnhncd, nnd her eye* lit up with a Midden glow. '. Now, that's wbnt I call sensible. Shall I gut you a glass of wii.o ? " eagerly. " Yi h, get me one, and I will drink to yon as I I hare «aid."h<i niisw< r< d,rising to his hetwiih ft new light in his uyi h viiil I ho grim, deter mined purpose :it his heart, hidden by the f ghost of a smile that crept over his face and I lingered them fur :i moment. And leaving the ruom with a light, quick fo< t step and n suddenly gay mniincr hIio returned in | a lew minutes with a little japanned tray con- I taming two glasses nnd a decanter of rich Malaga. " I tmvo brought, you jour favourite," she ""id, ns lilies phiced the tray ou the edge of ft table and pushed the brie-K-hrue aside to make room for it; 11 one of the doten hottles you brought for mother, nnd l'in going to have a glass with yon." Aud with a daring, nancy smile, sl.o filled both the glasses. Then lifted one in her idender, white liund, while he raised the other in front of him. At thin moment I tlu re came n knock at the door, followed by the intrusion or a maid, who said " Pleme, Miss Ijivini'i, the misaiiB wants yon ] at mico " " Very well j tell her I'm coming," adding, ns she turned to her visitor, " Wait a minute until 1 see what mother tvntifs, I won't he long." And returning the gla-s to the tray, she hurried from the room and closed tho door behind her. As she went ho also put down his gluss, anil scarcely had the dour eloped when Jie muttered " Now for it. I wns afraid the opportunity would slip me," end, inserting. his finger nnd I thumb in'o his vest pocket, he drew forth a very tiny vial. I'or a momept he held it up to I tho light, and a fierce insane flitter filled his I eyes as ho did so. Then casting his gaze at tho glass of wine ou the tray, he murmured " If tluvt Hindoo lias only told mo tho truth I you will have something to remind you in years to come, Lnvinin, of tho man you so heart lessly fooled." And without a moment's J hesitation bo poured the contents into bis gloss, rostoppi roil the vial, and returned it to his pocket. Having dono this ho assumed an erect I posture, outwardly culm and immovable, but with n wild insane throbbing at liis heart, and a mud impulse surging through his uubalauced J mind. At this moment of waiting at the eleventh hour, when he had formed his plan and carried out all but tho last culminating point, tho tempter entered his brain and made him swervo from the path he bud so detorminedly set out upon to follow to the end. Why not, said the fci muter to his crazy mind, give her the chance of the poisoned glims ? You have hs much right to live as she htui. i5bo brought your misery oil you, mid knew (lint she was doing it. She did it purposely just to umuso herself, | I t.'s only a chance. She may not pot it. Risk j if, jou will not be doing it purposely. It's j only u gambling, a tossing which shall live, and you have the inosl right to do so. Tho temptation whs short-it was quick, it was sudden. It ciuuv to him and entered bis unhinged mind with the power and suddenness ol' an Alpine avalmielic, as ho stood there look ' ing at the tray and its contents ; and with the I nipidily of thought l,o gluncerrat the iiutmo : stool at his left, p'need the glasses at exactly opposite sides of the tray, and the dcoanterin the middle of tl.em. Then lifting tho tray gently but quickly from the table he put it on (he sluol, and stooping down he closed hts eyes ; firmly, tightly ; and taking tho top of tho stool j between bis hands lie turned round and round, , steadily aud without hnsto, the game of life 1 I and death going with it, until it stopped. Then I he uiicit sed his (.yes. One gluss ivns directly in ( front of him-he ftuew not which-and silently J and swiftly bo bore the truy back to tho table, tidcing care to keep that glass door close to Mm which hud presented itself when ho had opened j his eyes. And there he stood, bis fingers ready .to clutch life or death he knew not nnd cared | not which-the instant fhe entered. Slowly, , as if escb one weighted with a thousand worlds, tho moments drugged themselves away. Never did lime pass so slowly. . . And yet' she did not come. ... Even tho clock on J tire mantelpiece behind him teemed to tick tick-lick r,o det-pcralely, so slow, as if it wi-ro a human ghoul or Bend enjoying with n demoni acal joy the fearful horror which now began to i prey upon him. . . . Was he goiuj; mild, j ho wondered. Was he mad ; hia.Jjruin seemed I to burn so. ... A rippling laugh struck I on his bearing,strained almost to bursting pitch, j and tho door opened. Laviua entered, swung the door to hehiud her, aud walking up to the table, with a happy,.-wreless look iu her eye and ! « smile euwreatliing her whole facc, sbo lifted j the glass nearest lo her, as lie grasped the one | by his liund, and said with a jaunty air j " Now, Hector, give me your loaat " And j rai-ing tho Malaga in front of him he said, as ? he forced a smilu into his face | " Here's that you may live a long and happy life, no matter whom you marry." And plncing tho gluss to his lips he drained it at a draught, just as she replied " And here's that we may both share the sauio fate." And tho next moment two empty glasses j stood on tbts tray, while he examined his palate ! with his 1 ongue to see it be could dcteot any ; traco of thu poison, and looked at her while doing so h»If expecting to see her start forward at every moment. Then he suddenly remem bered-the Hindoo had told him it was taste less. In fivo minutes more he bad left tho house, and was ou the wuy for the Roath Do?k Basin, where his ship lay, which he readied in safety, and in which ho went to sea by tho midnight tide. An hour later Lavinia hud retired to hor chamber, having first returned the wine to the sideboard aud given tho glasses to tho servant, who at ouce washed and put them away. Ou the following morning she was found dead in bed. Azid at the inquest the medical evidence went to show that deceased died from stoppage of the heart's action, supposed to havo been caused by some unknown poison ; but whether so, or liotv or when administered. there was nothing to prove. Aud when the s.s. St. Alfred returned from her voyage to the Indies it was reported that Hector Stanworth, the chief mate, had rushed from his berth, where ho had been confined for two dnys because of the loss of his reason, and ! jumped overboard during a squall one night into tbc Rod Ben. 13\. PAUTICHSON. 