THE LITTLEBOROUGfii BACHELORS' BALL. *' Frank/ *aid Jim Wickham, hi reply J to his companion's question, ' we have not had a Bachelors' Ball in Littleborough for the last three years.' . Captain Curgenven elevated his feet carefully -on to the mantel -piece and tilted back h»R chair. His host watched him nervously, being .con cerned for the peril of the Crown Derby tea caps. ' I don't think 1 shall break anything',' mur ? mured, Cargenveu, contentedly ; ' I have only got slippers on. It is awfully good of you -to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving that photograph-frame— the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the interest ofthe article itself . Thank you. Now, if your (riantelboard is reliable, %s it ought to be,I shall be thoroughly Comfortable in body and mind.' Wickham seemed to, be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance was use less. He made paeommeat, *nd returned in the Subject uodpr discussion. ' As soon Oharlie D^vidsop got married be; continued, ? ? we the gallant remnant *,f single b5e«8«dness in Littleborough, considcreJ .it about time to cease advertising every ChffitTj mas our fortunate condition. Charlie had man- j aged the Bachelors' Ball for yeaw.' j ' And successfully ?' | ' ' '.«« Execrably ' no worse Secretary could have .j been found. That was his great merit, because j everybody was always prepared to abuse him. He always offended two-thirds of the neigh bourhood ; he Forgot to invite his mother and sister oueyear.' ' Poor old . Charlie !' said Curgeuven, with i a smile. ' his head was never very clear, nor Ms Memory very trustworthy.' ' When he resigned he left the management - of the ball in such evil udour that nobody in the j town coiild be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Besides, there was rather a painful incident in connection with the last dance we gave that has not yet been explained to all.' 'This is very exciting,' remarked his friend. ' Please to remember that I have been four ' years in India, and am dying for Littleborough news. Relate the occurreuce ia your own ini- ' mi table style, while I smoke and listen.' Jim Wickham was a seasoned bachelor, whose earliest aud only love bad been the sound of bis own voice. A kindly little busybody, few things in Littleborough escaped the inquisition of his double eyeglass. He drew a chair to the fire, with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his own powers to do justice to bis subject. ' I need hardly say it was Charlie Davidson's fault entirely,' hebegau. ' You know we used to have a list of people that were iuvited every year. Charlie always sent tbem iuvitatioiis, whether tbey had left the place, or were dead, or bankrupt. He used to invite them all. He asked old Miss Cumberbatch three successive years after her death at the nge of 79.' ' But sbe never would accept, I suppose ?' ' No ; she never appeared. But at last he asked another man who wss also dead.' ' Undeterred by the 6ilence of Miss Cumber bat^h? ' ' And ' this man,' said Wickham, lowering his voice, and laying bis haud on bis com panion's arm, ' actually appeared at the ball. Tbat was the uncomfortable part of it.' 'Good Lord !' said Curgenveu, .'I say, you'll have to shift that Sevres flower-vase ; if you make any more statements of that kind, I shall be kicking it over.' His host rose, obedieutly, and cleared a wider space in the neighbourhood of his companion's slippers. Nether spoke for a moment or two, and then Curgeuven demanded cont nuance and an explanation. ' Who on earth was the mau ? ' he asked. ' He had no business to be anybody ou earth then,' was Wickham 's reply. ' His name was Dunlop 'Ferguson. I dare say you remember him.' ' Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nicc kind of chap. I did not know him at all well. He was up iu these parts learnmg banking, wasn't he ? I remember bim chiefly as a great friend of old Waterfleld, the banker. Surely he was in Waterfield's bank ? ' ' That's the man. He was a great friend oi mine, and he was a great friend of Kitty Waterfield's — be used to talk to me about her.'' ' I knew a girl would be bound to come into the story soon. What is she like ? Attractive r I don't know her even by sight.' ?? Not the least attractive. Good eyes and a white face. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks .to auybody. She's either toe shy or too reserved. I've known her all her life, and taken her in to dinner abouttbirty times. I once extracted from her a confession that she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only confid ence she ' has ever hououred me with. Still, Ferguson, I fancy, got a bit furthei with her than tbat. Indeed, he wac desperately keen on her. I can't for the life oi me imagine why, except for the fact that sbe didu't care two straws about him. She U3ed t-c be rude to him, though, and that was an ad vance on the distantly polite attitude she adopted towards everybody else. ' Well, at the last Bachelor's Ball but one, Ferguson and Miss Water field danced togethei more than once, I can vouch fur that, and the; 6at out together pretty often too. She wa; never in much demand as a partner, though he was popular enough ; but he never looked at anybody else that nght. His eyes followed her, like a dog's eyes all over the room ; and she went about, either with bim, or without him, r pale, inscrutable spbiux, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. !Sh? looked rather pretty that night, but whethei she enjoyed herself or not I have not tbe leas* idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come ir and bave a smoke with me after the dance ; and as he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room, I said : YsU're coming round for a pipe, eh ? ' He said : ' Not to-night, I think. I'm a bit done up somehow.' I thought he seemed rather low-spirited and tired, and he shook bands with me, which was rather a ram thing to do. Well, that was four years ago, and I have never set eyes on tbe man since. Mind the clock, Frank, your 'right foot 16 dangerously near it.' ' Tou ought not to 6ay such startling things, .then.; Go on.' ' Tbe next day Ferguson left Littleborough -without a word to anybody. His letters were to be forwarded to him at some club in Loudon, I forget which. Most people wondered at bis going, and missed him not a little ; but the only person who could throw any light on it was Miss Waterfield, aud nobody in his senses ever dreamed of pumping her. She went on just as usual not looking either melancholy or relieved, but simply expressionless. I spoke to her ouce about him. but she never answered, and 1 changed the subject to Rome, where she had just been. She - was not exactly garrulous on tbat topic either ; but that is ueither here nor there. ' We had just issued the invitations for the next Bachelor's Rail a year after, and Charlie Davidson, wlio was engaged to be married at tbe time had signalised bis farewell appi ranee »s Secretary Ly making even a bigger mes£ . f tbe ball than usual. On that occasion he overlooked tlie J.ord-Lieutenant and the Colonel iu com mand. I was iu he County Club lunching - ? d»y with two or three other fellows, wheL . . mAn said suddenly, 4 1 see tbat poor young Fer guson, who was up here, is dead. He died sjme where in Africa about six weeks ago. It ! was iu all the papers. Didn't anybody see it ? ! ' None of us bad seen it, and it was a great shock to me. But Charlie Dp.vidsou, who was there, turned as pale as a sheet, and laid down his knife ajid fork. I knew at once he bad sent poor Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once I I felt- rather sorry for him, as he looked very much upset. ' Young Haliburton, however, began to crack his customary jokes at Charlie's expense. He observed that we should have a cheerful ball if everybody our secretary invited turned up, and was further anxious to discover if Queen Anne had been asked, saying he thought sbe might be offended at the omission. But when he went on and said it was enough to drag young Fer guson from his grave, the luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Haliburtcu to dry up, and not try and be funny on a subject like that. ' You know, I think D&vidson; was worked up into rather an ' eerie ' state of mind when the eventful night arrived. He bas often, in telling me the story of what he saw, remarked tbat he felt a presentiment ? ' ' Oh, don't'' interrupted his listener. ' Don't let us have any presentiments. Go on with thf. anecdote.' ' Just as you like,' replied Wiekh am, mildly. ' Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind 'Mi the supper- room had just beeu opened, and he was rushing abont telling tbe wrong men to take in the wrung ladies He came in the course of his career to a small sitting-out room cloeo to the entrance-ball. It was rather a oold and unpopular room. i*ith a dejected-looking palm tree in the centre, and fitted out with the shab biest of the sofas and chairs. The. ball secretary came in, hut hie stooped quite as hastily in the doorway. For, sitting side by aide on a couch exactly opposite him were Mias Waterfield and Dunlop Fersgusoiu - Tbe intruder %»s too much staggered to see very clearly, but he looked Ferguson full in the face and saw that he was while tnd hi^gArd. Davidson could not st»nd the sight, and bolted out like steam. He managed to ~ ® m ®e sapper-room, and I could not think what was the row with him. I gave him some brandy, which he wanted hadly ; and then he told me what he had seen, and begged me to go and see what I cnnlri '^Well, Frank, it is not a Y$ry pleasant thing ^ and Aspect a ghost, and I ♦ w * ^ tfcep I concluded either What tbey had b^^n mistaken in telling us that Ferguson was dead, or else that Charlie had been mistaken in thinking that he had seen him. So , P?*i . °n *a calm a face as I could and made ^ spot' 1 went in airily and ®n-i ^ere *as nobody these but Miss Waterfield. She was leaning hack on the aofa, with ber hands behind her head, look ing up at tbe electric light.'' ' ' orVu»iedb?''Se-5,n 'PSet F' asked 'VSJ»C looked nothing, as she always did' ' Tbere poM^vdr «ot oae 'he % lh»t coi,ikl teH anybody anything. * '¥ auykhmg, « little bored.' . anatijqiftitpthe cornet expression for a gi«i to wear, observed Curgenven, selecting a Mgarette , Pom the box on tbe table, ' when ber dead lover h*s r, turned from the grave to meet on the amuveisary of the day die rejected mm. i suppose you catechised her ¥ - || ' My cross-examination was Very skilful, fw fi I led ap to it gently. 1 said 1 didn't know* jk. il was all alone ; to which ahe replied, ? Didn't If you : ' — which is a chilling sort of answer, and 8 one at which sbe was very great. I could n0t S for the life of me go on to aay that I had bee,, H told a ghost was sitting oat tbe supper dan,** || with her. I made some general remark, which 1 ahe received' with a polite ' Indeed ' displacing fi no interest of any- kind ; and then _ her moth^ 1 suddenly came in. Her mother is talkative B and au idiot, so I fled, leaving the secret 1 hind' me. ff ' I'm bound 11 coy that Charlie Davidson P added considerably to the story later on in tht I evening when several glasses of champagne j„. 1 tervened between himself and the facts. | made out that.Ferguson's whole demeanour ;i corpse-like and supernatural, and added a 6Ug_ ^ gestidn of a bullet-wound in his forehead, im. I plying suicide. However, other people were itl. t clined to be le*s impressed, aud hinted that the ^ Secretary had been sampling the drinks Mure I supper. Young Haliburton, when he n-^s next in London, made inquiries at Ferguson's club whither Charlie had posted the card for (he Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said he had beard nothing of Fergusson for several monthp, and that be had left no address to which hig letters might be forwarded. He showed Hali burion about thirty letters for Ferguson, and Haliburton eagerly searched through them to ? find Charlie's invitation. But — this was a vtrv j strange feature in it — the invitation to tbe bail was not among the letters. Wasn't that curious ? ' *' It was, indeed. Tbat had evidently found him out somewhere beyond his Club.' ' Shortly afier this remarkable apparition, Mips Waterfield went away from Littleborough. I think she went abroad to learn some species of musical instrument in Germauy, 1 believe music interests her faintly, much more thkn lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise man in the Club once said that if Ferguson were reiily dead he consider^ Kitty Waterfield morailv guilty of his death. Upon which a still wist-V man suggested that he should go aud tell her so.' Captain Curgenven considered Wickham's story an excellent one, and it remained an ex cellent story, iu his estimation, until one day he bapened to see in the paper the marriage. tele graphed home rom Africa, of a certaiu Mr. Duulop Ferguson to an officer's diughter in Cape Town. Then he recollected that the name wss not a very uncommon one, and that the Littleborough psychical researchers had not very conclusive evidence that theFergu&on; who appeared at tbe ball was the same Ferguson who wa* dead. Charlie Davidson aud Wickham both maintain that the mau who has just been married is another person of tbe same name. Others, however, hold that Ferguson paid & flying visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with his bard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Waterfield comes back to her native town certain bold spirits have resolved ti cast lota to decide who shall question her and find out tlie truth.—' Vanity Fair.' 