INAUGURATING A CHINESE MIS SION, An unsectarlnn Chineso mission was for mally inaugurated last evening by a tea and public meeting in tlie New Masonic-hall. There was a very large gathering at each function. The Rev. IV. R. Iliddlestone presided at tha meeting. In n report road by Mr. Hardwlck, on behalf or Mr. Thomas Lee. the secretary, it was stated that a school had been established for the education of young men. When taught to read and write the English language, it waa Telt that they would tho more readily under stand the study of the Scriptures. The school was opened on the Gth January with six scholars. Now there were 12. An appeal was made for touchers to assist lit the work. Mr. David Shing Is the Chinese pastor. His 30 years' knowledge of Christ ns a Saviour and 16 years' active Christian work gave him a great power among his fellow-countrymen. For- 12 months past lie has been Inhering- among hla fellow-countrymen In Sydney. This new mis sion Is looked upon ns a splendid training ground for missionaries for China. Mr. Moy Sinn is the superintendent of the Gospel work and treasurer, Mrs. Moy Sam is n teacher. Mr. Jas. Moy is assistant secretary and trea surer. Mr. Jas. Mali Sing district visitor, and Messrs. Win. Luin Wall, Phillip Pang Yin, Samuel Wall, Ho, and J. Leo nro the foun ders of the mission and school. Tlie Chairman. Ill tho course of a vigorous address, wished t'le mission every success. The Idea of reaching the whole ot the Chineso in the colony wus a happy otic. Tho mission; was, lie said, strictly of an unsectarian charac ter, and under tlie ltudership of Mr. Slilng.. It would have the hearty eo-operatlon of all Christians. The sehcol was open four nights in tlie week, and there wero Sunday and week dav Gospel meetings. Ill tlie name of the Father, tlie Son. and the Holy Ghost, he -ic- clared tlie mission open for the glory of God and for tho salvation of the Chinese In Sydnev and away hack in tlie country. Addresses, were also delivered oy Mr. Mnrgetts, tho Rev E. W. Brlscotiilw (United Methodist. Free Church), Adjutant Baird, and Mr. David Shing. tlie last-named speaking lit Chinese. Vocal and Instrumental selections were given by Miss Iliddlestone, Miss Outram, Mr. Evcrs, and Mr. Lee. Several apologies for non-attondanco were received. Including ono from the Rev. John Walker (convener of the foreign missions committee of the Presbyterian Church), and one from Colonel Estill, of the Salvation Army. The headquarters of tho mission are at 293 Castlereagh- streel . 