METHODIST UNION. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, J. C. HASLAM. Port Pirie, February 15,, 1896. I am, &c;, WESLEY'S GHOST. Sir- As there is no phase of this vexedques-<*> tion that has not already been thoroughly threshed out I have no intention of trespassing much on your space. With your permission, however, I will remind the Bev. Mr. Bowe that the case of '^'dividing interests'" at Port Pine occurred only recently, and while the Methodist Pederal Council wa3 domgits work Mr. j?owe may regard'the casa cued as a "strong argument" in favor of union, but it was not so regarded here It was intended as a -protest against union, and I simply men tioned it in .support of "Bible Christian's'' statement that his church intends to maintain a separate existenpe whatever the'Confererices may say or do The Summertown case does not present exactly the samfi aspects, but it does sbpw that congrega tions are not going to be bound oy Pederal Council or Conference resolutions- Only let a few more places similarly ''ripe for union" speak out during this month and the settlement af tha questian.- by the cemmg Conferences will be beautifully simple. The latter pertion of Mr; Rowe's letter may be 'perfectly true, but -what of that- 11 It must be very clear by this time that while Methodist Conferences may unite bricks and mortar thevl cannot coerce men's minda Theymay amal gamate church debts, "but they cannot deter mine who shall pay them.-J! am, &c;^ Sir—When John Wesley was a young man .and unmarried le wrote out a list of reasons in fajor of altering his state and entering into "the holy estate of matrimony. The"" whole proceeding was purely theoretical. He,con sidered the question m the abstract, and con cluded tbat the arguments in favor of marry ing -were conclusive Subsequently he experimented and dealt with the,bnsiness in the concrete—with what success everybody knows. When his wife maligned him, spread scandalous stories abont him, Jand- went to the extreme of striking him. and dragging him t>y the hair of his head, Mr Wesley wrote no more catalogues of considera tions in favor of matrimony. Andwhen"at last his termagant spouse, to his great relief, took herself off and left him, he resolved and announced that he should not recall her. It is said by some that he married the wrong lady, but that she, Jznowing his theory of marriage, took advantage of his leanings that way and led him cleverly enough to make the experiment. Of course that is a libel on the sex, and every right minded woman will scout -the story. Some years ago, the Wesleyan church (true sons of John- JWesley') ventured upon a theoretical announcement 'in favor of "Methodist union." The whole affair was considered in the abstract. But in pro cess of tune certain parties thought they saw the prospect of more practical business, and with considerable adroitness led on the pro ceedings till they began to assume a more con crete aspect. With the art of tnose expert in such affairs they at first appeared to'oe coy enough—not easily caught, in fact. Then they hinted that "if Wesleyans-were honorable in their intentions," &c; , &e.;, &o; ,~and nei t (and before the poor Wesleyans quite knew how far they bad gone) they declared that "W. had "popped the question/' and it was a case of engagement—and they would like to "* l.now how soon the consummation -was to come off. On the authority of your correspondent (Rev. James Kowe) we are told that W. cannot go back now, as we were also told some months ago by Chief Justice Way. It is quite certain that W. is hesitant. He does not see the way quite clear, and, moreover, is by no means satisfied about "compatibility of temper" and that kind of thing in the parttes concerned. But B C. and -P.M. avow that there must be no backing out W. has popped the question and. been accepted, and he must go on. The day must ba named, and it must be an early one Now, to an onlooker it does not look very; promising for a happy marriage wnen the courting goes on m this fashion. It is leap-year, to De sure, and it is also the period of the "new woman,"" and allowance-must be made accordingly. But for all that W. might do worse than call-to mind the outcome of John Wesley's experiment in -union, and take a thought Ladies with.apti tude for inveigling lovers sometimes prove capable of making things uncomfortable after marriage has taken place, and even after taking grim advantage of their opportunities do not alwavw f*?l.p tlipm^pivp1* iwrv lilTp TvTm 