CENTENARY SERMON. At Stow Memorial Congregational Church on Thursday evening the Rev. Dr. Jefferia preached a sermon in connection with the celebrations in Adelaide of the centenary of the London Missionary Society. There was a fair attendance. Among those on the platform were the Kev. F. W. Cox and Dr. Cecil Davenport. Dr. Jefferis took as his text Acts xiii. 2—" As they ministered to the Lord and faster] the Holy Ghost said, ' Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.'" He referred to five names, Simeon, Lucius, M&nacn;, Saul, and Barnabas, which should be held ever in remembrance as those of the founders of Christian missions. He dealt with the found ing of the Church in Antioch, of which these five were elders, the state of Antioch itself, and the momentous Church meeting of Greek Christians that met together Antioch. This led up to the progress of Christian missions and the work done since the foundation of the first real Christian mission. The commonwealth of Apostolic Christianity was most mighty in pulling down the stronghold of iniquity and absorbing into itself the conquered elements. In the third century, with the rise of the proud hierachy of Rome, Christianity was deprived of Christian freedom, and thereby was delayed the conversion of the world. Our Protestant missions did not commence till towards the close of the last century, for the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, which was founded in the year 1700, did not lay its work among the heathen. He went through the history of mission work from early times. Jn the seventeenth century was- formed the Society "De Propaganda Fide," whose agents were yet to be met with. The seventeenth century was the age of pre paration ; the eighteenth century was the age of missionary activity. This led up to the forma tion of the London Missionary Society, whose centenary they were celebrating, and with which their Churches had been from the first intimately connected. It had been carrying on for 100 years a great work with wonderful success. It had proved the possibility of a successful unsectarian union of Christian workers. No Society had surpassed it in the zeal of its agents or the success of its work. Dr. .TefiFeris then spoke a few words on the result of the Churches' united efforts. Re garded as the outcome cf eighteen centuries': wmkitmight produce despondency, but looked■ at satberesultbf *«ingle<»ntury of Christian ; effortit gave great cause for congratulation. 1 If tbeirzeal remained the same, and their efforts were as blessed *3 those of, the post I century, the next century would witness a striking change all over the world. There was no doubt that Christianity was the greatest of , all religions, and at present they looked forward hopefully to the future, remembering many a stricken field ywt of which they -had come ■ victorious. He outlined the great work which was now being accomplished all over the world, and not so much By the clergy as by the laity, both of which terms he, however, depre cated. But much remained to be accomplished. All the mosey needed would easily be forth-' coming, fen* there was plenty of it in the coffers ; of the Church, if by the Church was meant all those who belonged to it. He concluded with ah earnest appeal to the young men to come forward ana take up the work which their ciders had begun. 