Lecture by the Rer. H. BTeafcae.^, On Thursday evening the Eev. H. H Teague, President of the Wesleyan Conference, while on his way to Mount Grambier broke the journey at Narracoorte, and gave alectnre in the Wesleyan Church on " Cornwall and the Cornish people." There was a good attendance.and after praise and prayer, the Rev. J. J. Nicholls said that they had met to hear a lecture from an old Narracoorte minister—one who had risen to the highest position it was possible for any minister in the Wesleyan Chnrch in this colony to attain. It was therefore fitting that he should ask a gentleman to occupy' the position of Chairman who was an old friend-of the lecturer, an old servant in the circuit here,; and who occupied the highest position, it was possible for him to occupy in the Circuit. Mr. Nicholls then'called upon Mr. A. Attiwill, J.P., to preside. Mr. Attiwill said he was pleased to meet his' old friend, Mr. Teague, once again. " The years appeared to havegone gently round with him, for he did not look much worse than when he labored in Nhrracqorte, and ; he was pleased .to see him looking so well. | Mr. Teague and he had -Worked' together : for a number of years, and he Wks glad to see him now filling the position of Presi - j dent of the Wesleyan Conference, a honor i worthily won, upon which he congratulated : him. Mr. Attiwill then railed upon Mr. j Teagne to deliver his lecture on *' Com- ' wall and the Cornish people." The Rev. j H. H. Teagne, who was received with applause, said he was 'glad to address them once more in the dear old building, and to meet his old friendB again. He hid found' a good many of them gone, whitec a number still remained. He bad -pleasant recollections of old Narracoorte.--' H« had been in many circuits since he left Narracoorte and had filled a good many pulpits, bnt from none had he preached: with greater pleasure than from the Narracoorte pulpit. There was an atmosphere about the Narracoorte congregation; which always made it pleasant for him. He had often spoken to the Rev. Mr. Prior, who had labored in Narracoorte, on the same subject, and Mr. Prior bad also said i the same as he had said and felt as he had felt. He thanked Mr; Attiwill and Mr. Nicholls for the welcome .accorded him. He was glad that the Narracoorte congregation had such a capital man as Mr. Nicholls for their minister. He had woii a capital reputation in all the circuits in. which he had worked.. He congratulated Mr. Nicholls on haying the privilege of preaching to a Narracoorte congregation, and congratulated the Narracoorte congregation upon having such an esteemed minister as Mr. Nicholls. The : fey. gentleman then proceeded with i his lecture. As he had - not sufficient time at his disposal, Mr. Teagne' said he would not deliver his lecture in full, and w.ould term it a talk or chat about Cornwall and the Cornish rather than a lecture. He divided the subject into three- divisions, viz., who are the Cornish, Cornish leading celebrities, and the leading characteristics of the Cornish people. The lecturer then went on to explain that the Cornish and English people were not identical, the English belonging to the Teutonic stock, and the Cornish to the Celtic stock. The speaker next dealt with Cornish celebrities, giving the names of well known Cornish scientists, geologists, artists, and suchlike. Tlio most interesting parfc ,of the lecture, however, was the characteristics of the Cornish people/in giving which the lecturer spoke in the Coruish dialect. The many peculiarities of these people were illustrated in a very entertaining manner, by the lecturer and he highly amused .his audience. During the course of the lecture Mr. Teague recited Mart.<jruy J?earBe's ghost story, and gave n sonieffJiajt- ainusing, "though interesting, sermon! preached ■ by a Cornish lay preacher. . At .the! conclusion of the lecture a-vote; dfolhahks was proposed to Mr; Teague by-Mr; j. B. Blackweli, . seconded;--, by ■ •JteiibSi j DeBeer, and carried-with-acclamatioEn/: iThe lecturer acknowledged t}ie. vote-f^tnd tips singing or -a' hymn' and the j^qniofih-' ing of the benediction - concluded5 the meeting. - 