Achieving Bis Ransom. CHAPTER XXXVI.— (Continued.) At last the crowd dispersed nnd our friends went down to dinner, where Horace was formally intro duced to Arthur Westfall and General Hawley. Josiah Hunt, the man who had found the mysterious roan horse with a black ear, joined them, and declared the outcome of the trial more enjoyable than a bjoming fall trade. 'By the way, Arthur,' he .added, ' if you want the best place in our store you can have it.' ' My plans are not formed — ' began Arthur. ? 'Why, my dear fellow, you have just been chosen cashier of the Hawlpy Bank, nt thirty-five hundred per year,' declared General Hawley. ' No dry goods house outside the city can pay that salary !' ' Arthur looked up in eurprise and aslred : ' Would you really intriu.t rae with bo responsible a position,' ' I would. I do t it is all settled.' A friendship naturally sprang up between Horace and Arthur, and they were lute together that night when-all others hail ratir»d, each telling his own atory. 'Will you be prosecuted P' Horace asked. ' Colonel Hale assures me not. Everybody will have it thnt I waa a detective at tho beginning, and joined the band to work their capture. If I should be arrested, or charged with the crime, I would bo pardoned by the Governor, who knows it all.' 'And this Miss Hawley, whose pretty ears you ?saved' from the bandit's knife, and whom you fell in love with nt first sight — have you proposed to ?hor ?' 'No, no!' gasped Arthur, trembling at the thought. ' Why don't yon ?' 'How could I dare, when she knows what I have boen ?' 'My dear friend, you don't realise the height, and depth, and strength of u. woman's love, it is boundless as space, and, like charity, covers a multitude of. sins. Propose, marry her, and be happy.' 'Oh, if I dared I If I could only hope to win J her, I would be tho happiest of all living men.' j f'You can — you must — or you will make both yourself and hor miserable,' miid Horace. Next morning, Colonel Hale came to his client, and said : 'Young man, you are poor and iu love. Jordan Wells is rich, and, I have no doubt, will settle a handsome dower on his daughter; but you are too proud to accept that. A clerkship will give you a living, but no more. Now, I have watched you closely through tho moat trying ordeal one ever passed, Bnd I noted that' your coolness, judg ment, and sagacity will make you an excellent lawyer. I have a practice that is growing too . large for me $ if you will onfcer into the study, I will Bee you through, and the day you are admitted ?will make you a full partner On that sane day .you can marry tho girl whose lo»6 you can never doubt.' The whole matter waa arranged then and there, and wkion Mr. Wells hoard of it ho declared : ' All right ! If John says you'll make a lawyer, you will. Ho knows all about it.' Horace accompanied Flora Wells and her parents home, and nftor a day or two spent among friends and acquaintances, took tho train for Starkeville to commence his studies. It is needless to say that he lost no timo, and that tho progress ho made astonished even Colonel Hale, who had expected -much of him. One day the Colonol told him that ho was to accompany him on a matter of business. They set out in a buggy, drawn by a span of fine )U„„„ M,.» fn tl,n knm« nf Ctnnr.Y„ Weatlierby. Mr, Weatherby lived a rotired life, never read a newspaper, and had learned nothing of his nephew's saving the bank or boing declared innocent of tho Mark Hunt robbery. The whole aim and intent of Mr. Weatherby now was to dispose of his property, go to Virginia, seine the estate of his nophow, and hide himself. The only weapon Colonel Halo carried with him was tbe registered letter taken from tho train when it was robbed. Tho days had grown shorter and much colder, and tho lawyer and student wore heavy overcoats. There had beon no snow yet, but tho frOBt of tho night before lay on the bludes of dead grass and fences, aud tho cold, ioy blasts of winter swept through tho barreu branches of the denuded trees nlong tho rbad. When thoy roaohr-d tho Weatherby house thpy found the wholo plaeo a scene of confusion. House hold treasures wore being boxed and got ready for shipment, and the family was to go in a day or two, ' Aro you Mr. Woathorby ?' asked Colonel Halo, approaching ft sharp- viaaged, oaglo-oynd old man who stood in the yard, giving orders nboub tho boxing of his goods. ' Yi»s, What ye want with me P' ' What wo have to say is of a private nature.' Weatherby looked around uneasily, wondorod what ' th' dum fool is drivln' at,' and asltod thom to oomo in tho hoaso. When they woro in the aitting-room, now almost bare of furniture, Colonel Hale said : You have a nophow nnmed Arthur Westfall f' R|' Yes, a worthless, onncry, good-furnuthin' cues, who stolo money out o' Murk Hunt's till — ' 'Noj.heg pardon, Mr, Woathorby. Mr. Hunt has diooovered tbe real thief, who is now in the ponifcentiKry for tho crime. Your nophow is inno cent,' ' Wall, he's onnery asidnrnation anyway, an' run off an' no one kno-vs vrhero ho is—' ' No i beg pardon again. Hu is in Sturkovlllo.' 'Wall, I hain't agoin' t' jnaiutnin him furovor, He's no Honunb an' won't work.' ' He doesn't ask aid nf you, for ho has nn excel lent position in tho Hawley Bank ab a princely flivlftrvi' 'Then whut th' dauco ye botherin' mo about him fur P' ? %' I wanted to iibIc you if your nophow is nob lioir to some property in Virginia P' ' No, Ilia pooplo war pore a'/, ohurch mlco.' 'Bub ho had a Rung little fortuno of something ?over five hundred thousand dollars coming to him, ?and you were his guardian.' ' Who told ye that, P' 'Your lawyer, Allou Oravousford.' ? ' It's falnti I' ' Well, here is a oopy of a. lottor. I havo tho ?original, the oopy will wnrvo For you,' and ho '«handed him it copy of tho letter to read, whioh ho ' -did: Ho who fchiinderntinok, and palo as a ghost;, while lie trembled ftorn head to foot, Ab last, . breaking forth in a rage, he aiiodi ? 'It's all a pack o' falsehoods.' ' ]'.ut, my dear sir, M r, Cr'tvensford has boon noon i tho whole mutter investigated in Virginia, nnd now you timet either nifrn this paper or go l;o tho potii tontinr.y for iridliiig and onibMiilinfj tho property Of your waul.' Mr, Weatherby raved and nwora nt .tea fates . whioh compelled him to part with that whioh lici believed be. bad 'honestly nWen,' but Colonel Halo wao ine.voralOe aa falo. Lllto a boll-dog whon ho hau onoo sob hin tooth into bin viotim, he. clung to him with It (iciiliU-grip, J.G rofltiicou in nis Fugn fing tho paper which released all his rights :iu tbo oatato of hin ward, now of ago. 'Now, sir, you must oomo with mo, said boo 1/iivyor. ' . ' Whrtr P' llf ' Wo will go lo n notary And havo this acknow ledged.'. ' Why, what!n th'.UHo P' B' Ob, ib'o only a whim of mine i coran on. You oan tilther go with mo or with the sheriff, ' Woatlwrby wan n'oownrd, and tho word ' sheriff HDiit u oeld shiver througli hin frame. Ho sprang into tho buggy and tlioy drove to tho village, had . tho paper iioknowlodgod and attonted by the nota rial ooalof blia offloor, nnd then tlio Colonel tienti a tolograin to uoiuo otio iu Virginia, and rouolved for anBwer t ' All right 1' The paper wan sent by registered lottor. and a to w woaku later Arthur wan apprlnod of, the foot that (V handsome fortuno awaited his ordor, Tlio real outnto was sold font good round mini, and with tho pi'ooeodn be bought ft laalMnteresb in the Hfiwloy llanlc, of wliiuh ho waa already tlio popular ? i' » * * # * # « J A fow words more and bhln nbory will bu flnlnliod, Moolcor, by the influonooof strong frioudii, gob off v/ith ton years in tlio penitentiary, and died of consumption, slinuio, atid remorse boforo half tho term was nerved out. Aftor the ineffectual elTorb to roll tlio Uawloy Dnnlr, the Mlnaouri banditti Tor a long timo dfwtp poared from tbo Stato. Though Arthur received nomo anonymous lobbora blireatonltig lilti life, ha was navor molentod, and noon ann nod to fo/tr thom» ,Ja Mtua h9 ronovrod liiu aulla at tlio Hmrloy mnn eion, and came to love Grace more and more, and one evening, in a fit of desperation, proposed, and wkb in due time accepted. They were married, and settled down to what is hoped will bo a long and bappy life. General Hawley has retired from business aud spends bis time with bis grandchild ren, of whom there are five, three aturdp-boys and t(vo girls, who promise to be as beautiful as their mother. Mrs. Westfall is still youthful, still handsome,, the favourite of their wide circle of ftiends, and the idol of hsr husband. Sometimes as he fondles her pretty earB, be thinks that, after nil, it was well that be served an apprenticeship at traia-robbing, for how else eould ho have saved them from the bandit's knife P Tho day Horace Ruthburne was admitbed to practice in tho courtB of Missouri, Flora Wells became his wife, and be was at onco admitted inbo full partnership with Colonel Hale. As Arthur and Horace were friends, their wives, from mutual sympathy, also became intimate. Their children grew up and became friends, until tbe two families were ulmoBt inseparable. Hale anil Rathburue ere long became one of the strongest legal firms in Missouri, tbe junior partner proving himself the equal of the senior, proving that Col, John Hale had made no mistake when he said that he was a born lawyer. The halo of ! romance which had hovered about the young attor- J nay, and the general sympathy which the public feels toward one who has boen greatly wronged, made him a general favourite. Mr. Wells, from having a son-in-law of whom be was ashamed, came to havo a son-in-law of whom he was justly proud. As years rolled on and tbo popularity of young i Until burne increased, he was induced to embark in the field of politics. Tho Congressional dis trict iu which he lived had boen represented by an old, superannuated fossil, a worn-out politician, and the people clamored for a change. Young Rathburne was named for bis pbioe, and elected by an overwhelming majority. In hie new field as a statesman he bids fair to sur pass niinseir uu a lawyer. We must not forget tho old Newburg tavern and ita odd proprietors. The tavern is to-day tenanted only by owls and bata, or a stray sheep that may wander thither during tho hot summer days. The window panes are nearly all broken outj tho shut ters are off or hang by one hingo, and the old house is iu the last stages of decay, while on the hill above sleep its owners and their two faithful servants, Uncle Reuben Price sat day after day in his old arm-chair, waiting for a roturn of busi ness, for which he hoped to the last. One day ho was silent longer than usual and Aunt Rachel noticed that his pipe had fallen from his hand and his head lay on his loft arm. She shook him, and whs shocked bo find him stiff and cold. She called loudly for help, bub Uncle Reuben would waib no more for tho return of Newburg's glory. The stage-horn would never make music for his ears again. Aunt Rachel followed him Boon, and the faithful servants a year or two Inter. The forest 1,™ „P old tavern is all that is left to mark the place whero Newburg stood. In the spring of 18S2 the whole country was shocked ab a murder in St. Joseph, Missouri. Mr. Thomas Hownrd, his wifo, and two children lived quietly in a neat little cottage ab No. 1318 Iiufayette street. Tiro young mon, supposed to be relatives or friends, came to live with them. ? Mrs Howard was spoken of as an estimable lady, fre quently seen ab church and Sunday sohool with her obildren. One day, while tho wife was clean ing bouse, tho husband thought to assist her, and was standing on a chair with a feather duBter, brushing a picture on tho wall, when one of the young men stepped behind him and Bhob him through the head. The wife, who was preparing dinner, rushed in in timo to hold his head while he breathed his lust. Both young men wero arrested, gave their names aB Bob and Charles Ford, and told tbo world that ho whom they had Blain was Jesso IV. Jamas, tho great bandit chief of Missouri. When bho houso was soarohed an old trunk was found, among other things, with tho name ' F. Wells' on tbi- end Mrs. Flora Rathburne read the story in tho daily paper while she rocked the cradle in which her first-born slept. Gently folding tho paper, bo aa not to diiiturb bhe sleeping Infant, she laid ib aBide, and, with moistened eyes, said : ' So he was bhe mysterious Mr. Howard I' [tub bnd,] [Tho obova Tola boing now closod, wo shall print on Monday ond Tuesday noxt a short tttory, ond on Wodnosday shall begin tho publication of a narrative by tho favourite author of PAULINE LISLE, KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE, A FATAL UNION, Etc.] 