GENERAUHES. Customer-^"" What aiovely hat'l And yet it seems to lack something/ What is it?" Milliner'-" A lipad, madam." -" It SB-tough but true," said the sage,''that < a man generally does not get any foresight - until he is too old to have anything to'look for-1 ward to." ' " •'.Old chap, I've been duckshooting, don't ( you know.'!, "Duckskooting? Why, you don't kilow a tame duck from a wila.ono." "Oh^yesldo—thewldonoBgbtaway 1" " How did you get Bcaiey.out of your Whist Club—did you ask him to resign?' • " No, we didn't like to do that; but we all resigned except Borley, and thou w§ all got together and formed a new club." ; "You say, then, that this material is the latest fashion?" "Tho very latest, madam." "But will it fadeitatheSUri?" "Why, it has been lying in the window. for two years, and look how well it has stood 1" - A- SAfi&tJARi;). — The Widow — " How ! strange! The people who live near the cemetery claim they ate haunted by the ghosts of my three husbands," The Friend—. " They should ask you To come and live with them. J • Minister—"Never learn to swear, Johnny. A good plan, when you are tempted to use harsh language, is to stop and count twenty, and by that time; " Johnny (interrupting)— " Yes, and by that time the other fellow will have you licked." " I ought to have let the old man go under, then I should have got something," said a witness at a Coroner's inquest recently at Fniield, who had saved a man from the Lea. He found that for getting out a dead body he got 5s.; for a living one he got nothing. A Chicago critic, in an "appreciation" of Sir Henry Irving and Sir .Richard Mansheld, thus sums' up the former's Shjdoek:—Irving's Jew, despite the bond, is finer thanany .Chris tian gentleman in that special Venice. lie is mighty as an ivy- suffocated tower against a field of johnny-jump-ups. New Housemaid—" Eh, Janet, I lot the tea pot fa' jiat the 1100, an' it brak to bits. The maistor saw it, and he didna sao onything." Cook—"Wheesht! It's Sunday," an' the maister's far ower conscientious a man tae gie vent tae his feoliu's on siccin a day. Hit wait tull the rnornin', ma wummin, an' winna ye geta swoerin'." In a hotel in Grahamstown (says the Stan dard and JJir/gcm' News) there is a picture of the calendar typo depicting the kneeling Moses, and underneath a verse of • the hymn ending:—"When other helpers fail and com forts floe, Help of the helpless, oh abide with nie." And immediately underneath that again appears the announcement—Try our Old Dop,-finest in the market," "Why did you keep that errand boy so long, Jauc?" asked a lady of her servant, who had just taken in a syphon of sodawater. "Please, ma'am, he waited for the bottle," glibly answered llio damsel. " Waited for what bottle?" queried her mistress. " Please, ma'am, he wanted to know if lie could have 'a returned empty,' so I drawed off the water into a jug and let Lira 'avo it. I. drawed it all off, ma'am 1" was the reassuring reply. In Paris, where horse steaks are still served, a customer in a restaurant, who had ordered a beefsteak, complained bitterly of the thin ness and toughness of the meat. "I think this steak must be off a cart-horse," he said to the waiter. The waiter shook his head im passively. "Then it must be off a racehorse?" The waiter shook his head again, "Worse than that, eh? Then tell me the truth—what is it off?" " Off a bicycle, sir!" said the waiter, more impassionatoly than over. Ho prided himself on his wit, and upon one occasion ho was asked to speak at a public dinner. Somo time afterwards the subject came up, and a person, who was not particu larly fond of him, asked, " And what aid you speak about?" "Oil, I don't know," he re plied pompously, his manner that of one who spoke so often that lie couldn't remember. "Humph." said tho other. _ "I've heard a number of .people say you didn't know what you were talking about, but really, my dear fellow, I didn't believe it." A resident in Dublin, at tbo time of tho Great Exhibition in that city, entertained a number of visitors, among whom was an old Presbyterian minister, who liked to prowl about the city by himself. On returning home one evening his host found him reading the Hiblc, and the minister exclaimed, "I can't make it out at all; I have read Genesis xxx. twice over and am none the wiser." Ho then explained that a large proportion of the shops m Dublin had "Genesis xxx." inscribed on them?' Owing to his short-sightedness he had mistaken Guinness's triple a for Genesis xxx. " What time will that train be in, do you think?" asked the impatient man. "It is pretty hard to toll," answered the agent of the little southern branch line, "Senco Bill's tree was cut down by a pack of durn fool niggers after a coon he finds it a heap of trouble makin' jest the right time." "Bill's tree?" " Yes. Bill, ho is the conductor, you know. The troo I was speakin' of stood a'ongside the track about thirty mile up the road from here, an' when the tram come along and the shad ders of the tree laid across the' middle of the top rail of Buck Johnson's fence. Bill knowed he was on time, and could gauge her about right to git her on schedule time. Now them fool niggers has cut it down, and all Bill has got to go by is his own guess. Company was talkin' some of puttin' up a pole in place whar the tree uaotor be, but they hain't done it yit." 