tferioitd Thought#. ? .T». ? SYNOD SERMON. Sermon preached at the opening of the Synod of the Diocesc of Newcastle at the Pro fMhedi'ftl, Newcastle, June 8tli, 1896, by tlie Eey W. H. H. Yarrington, M.A., LL.B. And He said unto them— Go ye into all tho world and vreach the Gospel to the whole creation. Ho that, bclicvcth and is baptised shall be saved, but he that believcth not shall be condemned (R.V.)-St. Marl;, z)ri,15. It has been, I think wisely, decided that ?whenever the Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle meets in yonr hospitable city for the purpose of transacting business in connection chiefly with tho temporal government and well-being of the Church in this Diocese, advantage should be taken of our meeting together to hold such a service as that in which we arc now engaged in order that some ? spiritual blessing may bo imparted to all of us : just as St. Paul looked forward to his going to visit the Christians at Rome that his presence might impart some spiritual gift, to the end, as he ?writes — ' That yon may be established, that I (Paul) may bo comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.' It is with this idea and hope that we aro assembled in this Cathedral Church to-night that we may unite our hearts and voices in common prayer and praise at tho throne of the heavenly grace, and that wo may together join in the worship of God, who is a Spirit, in spirit and in truth, and adore Him in the beauty of holiness. Praying therefore that His Holy Spirit may be with us to assist us in our worship and to guide us into all truth we ask your attention to the text which we have just read, hoping that it may conduce to our spiritual edification. This command of our Saviour— -' Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature' — was given during the forty days which intervened between His glorious resur rection from the dead and His equally glorious ascension into Heaven. In all probability our Blessed Lord repeated the command on different occasions during that interval, and by many it is tnougnt mat me woras or our text were uttered at the same time and are almost identical with the utterance in tlie 28th chapter of Matthew's Gospel.: ' And Jesus came to them and spake unto them, saying — All ? authority hath* been given unto Me in heaven and on earth : Go ye therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of. the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I com manded you : and lo, I am with you alway (or all the days), even unto the end of the world.' This great commission was given by the Captain ?of our Salvation on that occasion when the eleven Apostles, together with the five hundred brethren, assembled according to direction on the mountain in Galilee to meet the risen Saviour. The charge contained in the text is therefore a word of command — a marching order — given to tho whole Church throughout all time. In looking more closely at the text let us notice in the first instance the infinite con descension and goodness of God in making use of man as the instrument for the spread of His KingdcSm upon earth. Goddoes not commission angelic beings to preach the Gospel, but His divine plan has ever been to make use of men as the chosen vessels to bear His name unto tho Gentiles. When Saul of Tarsus on his way to Damascus asked of the Lord, ' What wilt thou liave me to do ?' the Lord directed him to Ananias, tlie man of God, who would tell him what lie must do. Not only is it the chief duty of those who are ordained and duly and rightly commissioned by the Holy Spirit and by the Church to herald the Gospel and preach the glad tidings of salvation, but all Christians alike, without exception — whether laity or clergy —?who have come to a knowledge of the truth as at is in Christ Jc3us are bound to do what thoy O.m to spread the . knowledge of tho Gospel, cither by actual teaching, as in the Sunday School, or in any other department of Church work — such as singing in the choir, tract distributing, or visiting the sick — by personally witnessing for Christ, confessing\ Him, and speaking to others on the subject of religion — by the example of a good and consistent Christian life, and by practically helping all . religious movements with their earnest sympathy and liberal support. Thus God has given us, one and all, the privilege of being co-workers with Him, and we have thi3 gift'in earthen vosscls that the glory may be all His and not Ours. Again notice that it is not merely to men individually that this grace and offico is given, but it .is to the Church in its collective cor porate capacity that the work of heralding the Gospel is entrusted,' and this doctrine wo may gather from the fact that tho command was given to all, at one time and in one place assembled, and the general order was 'Go ye' into all tho world. I am sure that we all of us feel a mighty power in tho sympa thy of numbers. And as when wo see an army inarching forth to battle and the assem bled multitudes experience the force of an over powering social and moral influence aud enthusiasm which stirs tho heart to its vory depths, so is it with such a gathering as the present. Surely no right-thinking person can fail to be impressed with the spectacle of a number of spiritual men united in one body for one .common purpose, viz., that of obeying .the comifland of their Master to go forth and preach tho unsearchable riches which aro in Christ uusus, io an tue worm. we tnon in our corporate capacity are part of the' Church of Christ — the Holy Catholic ? Church : — not clergy alone, but clergy and laity together, for we are all tho body of Christ of which He is the Head while we the clergy are the specially commissioncdambassadors for Christ— appointed to preach tho Gospel and to be your ministers for Christ s sake, beseeching all men to bo reconciled to God through Jesus Christ our Lord. ' . And what is the Church? It is tho company of all faithful people— of all .who : belong to Christ and are .'sincere believers in Him by whatsoever naule we may bo distinguished. ? But we who aro members of the Church of England not only claim to be a true branch of the Catholic, Apostolic Church . of Christ, but we are thankful to belong to the historic Church of our Fatherland, tho Church which existed in England — the ancient British Church — which was established in t]io purest times of the Christian faith and the Church's history ; before the introduction of false doctrines and erroneous ceremonies had sullied the pure stream of the Church's life.; and one of the chief glories of our Church has been that there have over boon those in her midst who have always endeavoured to resist tho encroachment of error both in faith, morals and discipline, and she has consequently never been wholly under the dominion of any foreign ecclesiastical power, while at tlie time of the Reformation she utterly threw off the errors of tho Papacy and the supremacy of the Bishop of Rome which had been unconstitutionally assumed, and against which there had always been found in our Church true men who, constantly protested. And may our beloved Church by ever preaching the truth protest against thoso errors of doctrine and practice which havo over boon an hindrance to tho progress of vital Christianity and have been the cause of positive infidelity in thoso nations whero they have prevailed. Thus tho ancient British Church still lives in tho Church of England and is represented in this assembly and congregation to-night. Our Church of England is historically the Church of the English people ; and, so far as there is value in the strength of a hereditary corporate life, so far arc we strengthened in our endeavour to carry out the command of our Saviour, ' Go ye into all the world and preach tho Gospel to every creature.' Let us in the next place consider what it is to preach the Gospel. ' What is the 'Gospel'? The Gospel ! — what a beautiful word it is 1 God's Spell — an Anglo- Saxon word in which 'God' signifies Christ and ' Spell' means a story, and so Gospel in its true sense is the « Story of Christ.' . ' ' xeu me tne oici; oiu siory Of Jesus and His love.' So it is God's evangel, the good tidings to the world in tho story of ? Christ. And how many systems of ' error and falsehood have been baptized with the name of ' the Gospel' ! The Gospel then as wo understand it, and as we feel it our duty to preach it, ? is simply tho fact of man's individual and collective fall from that perfect ideal of righteousness which God had when He created the human race. It is the story of man's fall into sin which is so sadly evidenced, without exception, by every individual who lives to know the difference between right and wrong, good and evil. Not only in the outward act but in the deep recesses of tho heart there is a departure from holiness and from God. ?There lurks a depravity and in some cases a savage wickedness, showing itself in overt acts of heartless cruelty or shameful sensuality. History is the blood-stained scroll which records the appalling result's of sin, and in our own time tho massrtcre of thousands of our Armenian fellow Christians by the ruthless Turk is only a continuation or tne atrocious cruelty or un christianized and sinful man. From this awful state of national and- individual sinfulness and crime it is God's design to save our fallen race ! And how does God seek to accomplish this ? Briefly we may say that the great plan of Salvation, as it has been called, consists in two great facts. The first of these is that great objective fact which took place in time and which is summarized iu the statement that ' the Word became flesh and 'dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only begotten of tho Father, full of grace and truth' : it is contained in the golden text ' God so loved the world, that 'He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever belie veth in Him should not perish but havo everlasting life.' The grand central truth of revelation is the incarnation of tho Son of God ; uniting Himself with humanity in order to lift our race from the depths of sin to the heights of heaven ! In the thought of the incarnation arc included all the events of the life history of the Son of Man : His spotless character — the stainless purity of the white Christ ; the unsullied brightness of His fair fame, untouched with any taint of sin ; the only purest Knight, 'saris pour et sans reprocJie,'' who could throw down the challenge to all the world, both friend and foe, ' Which of you convincctli Me of sin' 1 The blameless and perfect character of Jesus of Nazareth together with the unrivalled splendour of His moral and religious teaching — sublime in its divine originality and authority, and perfectly, supremo in its spiritual and searching power, will remain for ever the palladium, — the strongest citadel of the Christian faith, against which all the forces of scepticism, infidelity and heresy are vainly hurled,, and from wliioli fliov nvn lino+fm linnl- oes +1-»« Im'IIa*..-. ~ C the Pacific from the rock-bound shores of our Australian Island Home. And this perfect and sublime Christ declared Himself to be One with the Father and constantly claimed equality with God — and so if He is not Divine He is not perfect and good; ' St non Deus non bonus.' Our Gospel is then in one word — Christ ! — the anointed Saviour of the world. It is not only tho_ teaching of Christ which we seek to re-echo in our preaching and reproduce in our lives, but it is Jesus Himself who is His own religion— who lived out our redemption. Christ is not, as Socrates or Plato, merely a teacher of a system of philosophy or ethics, but He personally is the essence, centre, source, and object of His own religion. The incarnation was continued in the perfect life, carried on through the resurrection from the dead and issues in the glorious ascen sion into Heaven. Thus Christ is Himself at the right Hand of God the object of faith and tho vital source of tlio Christian life. In these days wo hear much of the Higher Criticism, and people are needlessly alarmed about its results. The Higher Criticism, within certain limitations, may bo conducive 'to good and may somewhat modify our interpretation and views on some parts, especially of the Old Testament Scriptures, but no criticism however searching can ever be prejudicial to the Truth as it is in Christ Josiis, and most certainly tho Higher Criticism will never touch the character and teaching of Christ except to enhance its glory and confirm us in our most holy faith in Him. This then is the first great truth of the Gospel— the perfect life and the perfect offering of that life to God in the atoning sacrifice upon tho cross. Tho death of Christ was His voluntary submission to the agony of suffering because of sin. ' Him who know no sin was made to bo sin on our behalf that we might become the righteousness ' of God in Him' (2 Cor., v. 21, R.V.)' (To be continued.) 