' ffl&na;'s Prayer. — : + ' (By. A. (J. HAI.ES, SMILER.") .In a pretty little cottage close to Manly Beach, facing the glorious Sydney Harbour, a young; mother sat by a child's bed, holding upon her knees a tiny, blue-eyed, golden-haired baby girl. The lamplight fell upon the mother and the child, who formed a perfect picture of domestic beauty. The matron was in the radiant bloom of womanly maturity. Her face was not faultless in outline, but it was the face of a good woman—a woman who could be trusted with a man's honor under any circumstances. The forehead was too high for feminine loveliness, but it lent dignity to the mother and the wife; the large darkbrown eyes w<»re windows out of whose unsullied depths a loyal soul glanced fearlessly upon all the world. The greatest libertine that ever lived could not have looked upon that face and not have felt that one at least of God's creations was above the reach of his craft, for even the worst of men feel when a pure-souled woman stands before them as they do when loitering in some grand cathedral aisle, listening to the deep tones of an organ pealing forth the masterpieces of earth's greatest musicians The mother robed the child in her little snow-white bed gown, and then the baby knelt at her knees, and burying her pretty face in the mother's soft hands, she clasped her rosy fingers and prayed; and the burden of her prayers was for the father far away on the Coolgardie goldfield, facing hunger, thirst, privation, and perhaps even death, in that waterless wilderness, that he might win gold from the soil for his wife and baby girl. If angels have ears, and eyes,'and hearts surely that sweet low lisping voice, so weak in physical force, so strong in simple faith, must have moved them to tenderest tears. As the little one, the absent digger's absent darling, sent her quaintly-worded petition up toward the deep blue sky where she believed the great God of the universe dwelt, the mother's eyes filled with liquid love, and she knelt by her baby and pillowing the curly head upon her shoulder and encircling her soft yielding form with one of her own shapely arms, she too, lifted up her own voice in prayer, asking the Goi of her fathers to look down in mercy upon the brave bread- winner so far away amidst peril and privation. The lamplight fell upon the pair of bowed heads, the genl.'e half-subdued light kissing the glossy locks of both, and lingering around them like a halo of peace and purity. At last the mother arose from her knees, the golden head lay heavily upon her shoulders, the tired.eyes were half closed in slumber, but the pretty pouting lips, that looked like two love kisses lent by Hours to an earthly s;ster, murmured in broken prattle, ' Mama, God answers prayer.' It was the lesson the mothers lips had taught from the day the baby tongue had learnt to talk—God answers prayer. Out in the western bush far away to the north-east of Peak's Find, out of the track even of the most daring camel-equipped prospectors, a man was standing, looking up to the stars. A strong man, built as only the athletes raised and trained upon Australian soil can be built, -strong as an English squire, but lighter, quicker, keener in make and shape, built for speed, for power, for endurance, broad in the shoulder, narrow in the flank, full in the throat and neck, deep in the chest, long and sinewy of limb, a man over whose head thirty-five years had scarcely rolled. What was he thinking of as he stood looking towards the sky—not of gold—curse the gold the yellow tempter that had lured him onward until lie stood face to face with an awful death, hundreds of miles inland from the coastline. Mona, little Mona! How the name glided on the swollen tongue and baked and bleeding lips. He looked down at his feet : there in the dry sand he had scooped a hole an hour before Sunsetand laid the'last Jof his mates to rest to * ic^^e'ffciddFifidm jtM%ws of the . pack pf wdld dogs that. scenting death, , , mm had followed- then during the day, and were even nowliQ.vling loundhis camp O.ie by one his "horses had* given out, the blacks had speared his camels a Ayeek before, and for fonr dayi-no wato had p^^a ^he goldhunter's li^s J kid his mate out cold and stiff at eventide, and now he ,was alone—lost in* the bush- Christ have inercy oh the wanderer .now, nature will have none. Little shame to him that his stout heart faltered ; the tears that filled his aching eyes were no slur upon bis manhood. Every limb was trembling with weakness, his head reeled, sense and strength alike were leaving him, yet one thought remained. "Mona, Mona," came again from the lips now red with blood that his clenched teeth had drawn ; it was the name of his wife, the name of his child. Then reason left her throne. Hs laughed, tore the clothing from his emaciated body, and hurled-the fragments from him, and plunged forward in the sand, as though cleaving his way with the strong strokes of a practised swimmer through the blue waters of the Sydney harbor ; then he called aloud to comrades of other days, shouting to Harry Searle, Peter Kemp, and Jim Stanbury to join him, laughing in that mockery of mirth which comes to those who perish in the wilderness. Then the madness passed away for a space: He saw the moon come forth and shine down upon him, and he looked upon the nude limbs and knew that the end was near. Yet a thought came to the flickering brain, "God answers prayer." A hundred times he had heard his wife whispering those words to the baby Mona in the happy days gone by. He had never prayed since boyhood knelt and prayed to God for succour, not for his own sake. Still the cry was " Mona, Mona," even as reason again trembled to its fall. The dingoes' savage howl mingled with the digger's prayers ; perhaps that was why the recording angel who always answers prayer did not catch the maddened father's last sad appeal for help and pity, but did he not catch it? What form is that which speeds ghost-like and swift across the sandy desert, where only the dog-weed and the spinifex grow, and snakes and vermin thrive. A lonely prospector mounted upon a fleet camel is guiding himself by the stars. He knows his course and goes onward without wavering, and his path leads him within eve-shot of the kneeling man. He wheels his camel and rides forward swiftly. Instinct tells him that help is needed by that lonely wayfarer, out in the far-reaching bush, with neither horse or dromedary picketed or hobbled beside him The gold hunter looks up, his finger is upon the trigger of his revolver. He sees the succour so near at hand, and, with a groan, murmurs, " Mona, Mona, it is the last madness; God does not answer prayer." The cold barrel of the revolver presses his broad chest, the tired finger tightens on the trigger, and as the rescuer's camel drops on its knees almost at his side, the night's winds carry onward the crack of the death-dealing weapon as the poor trembling body falls face downwards upon the grave where his mate is lying. Quickly the stranger's waterbag is at his parched lips, slowly the ebbing tide of life streams back, and reason comes to the bewildered brain ere it is chilled for ever, as the western sky brightens for a moment before night sets. " Mona,.my Mona," is the last sigh that leaves his heart, and-with that well-loved name upon his lips be handsback his miner's right to the Great Warden of Creation 