A? RO?MANCE OF MAORI?LAND ?ri' flotnir.) ON TH WAIKATO. AT II`f41 ESTBUrA'Y CIHAPTEi')+ V.--CON It.uED. The cog stood watching me as I tried first the door antd then the win dow, to gain admittance. Going fur ther tound to antimglec of the Ibuilding, where there had- reccnt I been added an additional room, 1 diasuvcied that the small window therein )iclded to mty hand. It was what is known as a cqttage window and very small, but, after tmuch tribulation, I ilanaged to squeeze imy body through it and found myself in a room as dark as lades. I carefully groped about mnc, not wishing to give any needless alarm. 1 could distinctly hear some one snorinlg soundly, the noise being a good imnita tion of the lower notes of a French horn. (;Guided by the sounld, I laid lily hand on a plunil form slhubering peacefully oni a. stump bedstead. I shook the slumberer somewhat roughly. In an'instant the snoring ceased,giving place to a girl's voice, that called out in accents of alarm, but with an unmlis takablo not thernl ati, : " What tilhe dcl's that ?" I flush, my girl It's only-" " Wha are ye ?' she cried, sitting bolt upright and stretching forl h her arms. " Is it a ghaist that touched mle ? The L.ord save us and bless us I it's no canny to be haunted," she lmut tered, in a lower Lcy and with trembl ing lips. " I anll not a ghost,"' I returned, ill a reassuring tone. liave you matches' and candle handy ?" - "Matches ? What gars ye speak of matches? ''Tak yersel wa." II lily life had been it stake I could not have held in the hearty guffaw that escaped ime like a rifle crack at the tone of her voice and words. "Ah, it's a poor gate when anemneets auld Cloutie !" she cried, beginning to sob. " Blessed saints, save me (fom the unco wain !" My laughter rang out again and the Newfoundland began to bark. " My good woman, don't you hear that I amn only a man ?-a being of Ilesh and blood, like yourself?" I an swered, giving her another shake. " A mIan !" she ejaculated, int quite anothor tone of voice. 'Ilow dare you come in a decent lassie's roomt at this time of nicht ? How dare you do it?" " Listcen to tie for a minute." "I'll no listen to sic a foul carlie," she responded quickly. "Shame oll ye, moll, to conic sneaking tae one's roonm when all the rest o' the house are sleeping." "Confound it I Will you listen to me while I explain ?" " Gang awa wi ye the same way ye cam, or I'll rouse the captain," she cried, sharply, raising her voice to a higher pitch. " Conime, inaich, out ye go through the window." " Which is Captain Helywood's room ?" "Which ? AIh! ye would be at murder you villain?" she answered, fumbling for the candlestick. "My dear mnadamn, believe me I alIn "Don't fash youtsel'''llnon, with sweet words," rephed lmy invisible coln panion. " Keep your blarney to cool your IOlrridge. I'm noii your dear madaml, ye ugly loon ; and not to be bamboozled by fair blather. l)o ye think I don't ken ye. .Maister I)avie Brock? Although ye are trying to change your voice I ellen ye, llty lad u And what's mollre, I'll tell the caltpati what a false carle ye ate, if I live to -ec the morn !" The welcome greeting of a utatch struck my ear as she concluded and in stantly the rooml was illumlined. " \Why, you are no I)avie, aftcl a': " she cried, gazing at mny blood-stained face and torn habilimnents in allia.c Ilient. " Certainly not, I tcplied, gtavily. " If you had only t ondtscccndcd to listen to tile for a IIolicintI I wou il have explained Iny being lerit: att thi. hour." "Oh, youl would, ch ? \\\'ell. what do ye want ?" e)cing toe :,uspaI 9usly. t"have ail illmpotalstl COIImuitluiitatiott to mnake to Capltain Ileywood \without delay," "Gang to the hlut o' the imen i)ndet and see the Calt;tln ill the itOiniinig,' she said. " I 1mus see him at once." " Y 1ust F" " I IIUSt !" " Awecl, the.i, ang antd see himt; and, I say, have t!he Illtannes to cloc the window aftlr \e." A litave, Ictrany wenchi, tlhis, with a round, talt lact, hige, buinct c)c. and. anills as t oll2 adIll muscullar .s a vil lage blatksmith, it t, go into the wli delneiss in to ~titnerehip with isltme young anid halii) settler t) hew out taf the PIritilive ~haos a hotrie amid a tulnte for her irogeii'y. I objected to aialpe toy exit through the wildowl and begged ilthat she woulld awaken Captain lheywood, as liy in formiationt concierned the safety of thce statliol. SI canna go to the itnaister in Iny sark I' she cried, in somie conifusiotn. " Gang out atl 'le wiidow for Ijuslt two minutes and then l'll be tscady to do your bidding." I was out oif the window in a ctatk, and was shlt- tly aftetwards jotied by tlly tnaid, wt?ho without mote ado lud ile to round to a side door and ran ti bell, Presently a head was- thrust oit h with an old-bashined nightcap thircon, Stotn one of the windows. "What'a the matter ?" caled a voiae rescbling lhe sharp grating of a hand gaw on a nai - " Here's a Mnan wa.ts to lspealk wi )c, sir. I'articular u!;silcss." " Tell thile an to go to --- Jleri cho!" Iesponded the \ic te anlid the head and nightcap dis.ilppeaid; i Ilt in a Inoinmir nt a tall, thin liguIc emIlgei d llon10 d tl t in(eIlsI ill the vl e andah, clad scantily and healing in his hand a candle. I suggested that the maid sholld itc tire, as what I had to say was quitc confidential, wheruiponl tile c;lptain (for it was lhe) held the light above his head and took a critical stirvey of lily tout ens,'mb/e. " I'll take your figure head for your honesty, but, as for the rest of you, hang me, you secem lo have experi enced rough weather," he said coolly. " I'i an old sea dog and not to be bamboozled by humbug, Now, what d'ye want ?" I told miy errand in twenty words, but not before the girl had retired. " P'hw !" whistled the mariner ; " is the wind in that quarter ? Well, I'll contrive the dogs a warm reception when tlhey do come. How many did you say there were ?" "About fifty, Captain lHeywood, as near as I could calculate." " lumph I rather long odds. Never mnind, sir, conie in." I followed him through apairof fold. ing doors into a well-carpeted and lofty apartment, furnished most luxuriously. Iy the soft light of a costly bronze lamp which the captain lit, I saw that no vulgar taste had suggestLxl the fur. niture and belongings of this apart. ment. From the thick maroon cur tains to the soft. delicate-tinted ipaper on the walls, there was exquisite har. mony, blended with artistic design. Nothing loud or showy check by jowl with ract bric-a-bric here. I have known people with more money than taste make a fiuriture inart of their homes. Others, again, who had abundant taste and very little money, have managed to make home comfortable and even elegant. Tn this apartment there was wealth and cle. gance combined; and the effect was charming. 'The i'aptain, who appeared to be a hardy son of Neptune, verging op fifty. live and with a jolly, good- hurlored face, bade me be seated and requested me to give hitm a detailed accotnt of what I had seen and heard. Not satislicd with this, I had to give a per sonal account of myself as to how I became be-nighted in the Manaka hills on the \Vaikato. The equcest seemed reasonable and I gratified him, just touching so much of my history as merged into the ques. tion at issue. " And so your name is Frank Leigh, you say ?" " Yes; here is my card." " Card I" lie echoed in surprise;" do you carry cards ?" "Certainly, Captain Hleywood." "Of course; no offence, my lad." " Leigh-Leigh ?" he repeated to himself. "l.eigh? I know that name well enough. W\hat part of the old country do you hail frotm ?' "A little township called letley, in Lincolnshire," I replied, smiling. "The devil!" cried the captain, starting suddenly to his feet. "No, sir, 1 said Tetlcy," cried 1, laughing. "So you did, mny lad. Why, hang me, I was born within three miles of it," ejaculated the old fellow, with much energy. " I knew a Coloncl, l.cigh who lost- an arn at the battle of' Waterloo. I le lived in an old tumbled down ruin called 'The Pillars,' about half-a.mile out of ctley." "The colonel was my grandfather, Captain Heywood. I was born-' like my father before me-at 'The Pil lars.'" " You don't say so! Give me your till, ly boy. ang tile, I'm glad to mcct youl," he cried, with genuitne plea sure beaming f iom his eyes. " iordt love you, I've stotl Illany .1 ton oi t appll'li out of the old colonel's gaidnci when I wa., a younker. And ?li.it ia tcrrt li e .was toi ip,ics a id tliii.un :, ;ind the hkel, with hi:, one am11 ai; d lis thw'. cile anlld hi,, big, oul.qh voice, Why.: I icremember him as well as if I'd onil) hllt the old Lollntly ycestLIlay, and I've bccn ou the Wail,at tihec's twenty' ) at S." ()Itio e stated (in the topic of hii. bliiltl'l.i , the ctai ainl went ont ful (sutl an hl ir with r.ipid (qluestions ctl.tivi. to mien and l c\Lntls which hatd pa;i:-l d Into (,livioin blfoic I was borin. It wa'. iiuclc:,s ()r inul t Iictiuind h i of ithl piei.-ing danger which hlbng ovcei lt'ns (Cliff. Not unitil grey dawn bIegn. to pcep in at th.i window did h de ,it. IThen hlie kindly led me to a spare bed tlom, ;and 1,lac:ing a decent suit of tweed at iiy ilisjso:al, licggesld tie to miake lih house toy hoinc it 11111i away out of the thrcatecnel dangei, as I pleascd. CH IAPTER VI. .1y Hloheui.tn life had almost ob litetatted the latent ideas o . luxury and cuttnfott ht.)l ll y thou;ýht's. The sight its ( Iiy a)utIcn t]e, to sotothe the hi.,t antd ntiftll ;1(. invite slccep wee Ib'oe mil) e)es. In ily butyhld cd.as jilst .ut h .i n other atntii l, minlle at " The " iull.ars., of which the. apt?tain had ,ls ,,kcn. Ilere welt the suilt cacpet, ti colir to matcht the thit k. clue cultatl:, that shut outl the <,ltd lIlnd, amd the bla.ck. necs of night ; 1hiec the ?e,?y th.Iit ;ttdl shl)pers .tandt the invilting, bItt, 111th it, cov tllet III Ili( I. hiset,: stint, Its ,oft I utublic sheetts 1cdl the dainty iil!utt, hordetctd with to u.tly Iac. I;vi-t in miy fLti;;ued .ate , of hdtly and with lily ittnd full of thw (hait r luoming ovce the: captain's dmi, te, mly thouughtt In ;111 l, in l I?allto hi ty ol f anI ;e. Ionldia, t hoi, the ('t uitia ent of Etolte and had, to th," old luin of Colu?cl Lecih mo I 't , )-hic, 1'\ak ,,, ut) u lann miy Iness? . 111 ,% et:,.,uuntel.'d a f.,. e looking dont' at mlte Iluln tilth (.,ll, ite wall. It was only a hhutubrath or . ayon, Jdelictin. thel t Il'i 11.1c(t1 inst of h\ d with lit. ing, bl thll ;lilg ife. I have ve'tn fatics onl s any~x.t?; that iso~rd?, (:anlot dlescrib~e. No o) thll fl nounq\lll panolhllmh (f wav~lk* i1g hlluallity thau pas, cti:lo~u tine's \isiuin hawve I hchlihl laces which an .utist liiuh not potIray. The ciUil*, cltltnl lc f beore ine was not strictly hIeautifiil. ''lIhcre anre certain "beauty wtmiileln," as thIcie are certain "heauty men," inll whose features one detccls n1o fault-who are the show.ligures of any patty or assembly in which they appear -hut who, some how, inspire no sen tillcnt anid excite no interest; tlheiy lack some expression, wh'clhcr of mind or of soal or of heart, without which the most beautifll lace is but a lovcly picture. Vet the picture here rcversed this order of things. 'fake the features singly, and they were Iby no neantis perfect, nor were they set off by any brilliancy of coloring. iut the face aroused and impressed the imnagina. tion with a belief in the purity and lov. liness of virgin woman--womnn tun. tempted and unntainted, either by the follices or the vices of that m)ystery called society. The glossy raven hair, coiled up in a simple, luxuriant knob behind the small cars, together with the pale olive complexion, were cer tainly not , nglish ; but the (lark blue, lustrous eyes, slhadedl by long lashes, the sweet, expressive mlouthl, and the sooth white broiw, were unimistak anble c.haracteristics of the Anglo-Saxon ra(e. 'The luxury of a baLth somewhat coml pesratotl for mny want of rest. I fIelt iln vigoratedl aIndl ready agin for any enter gRucy. It was broad dlaylight now. I tIrow aside thile certains, uopoied thelo win. ilow andil looked forth. A bIright, Ihalti.i ful morniing, with the sil just bheginli:ni to gild the. topmost peak of hll It 'I'rrar fatr away on the distant l,,rtm,,n. lIelow, the rioh valley, pirolihe with tifI land beauly. As mny gIaze wanldered over the dista.lf raliges, I becaln, awart of all objlct slowly nlovilig alung hlotween thu Iresn. Waiting and watclhing, I saw that it twa a body of tlloel--arnlued IioU--lMaotrl, Iii fact. lyfirstthouubt buggeated'T' Iluri ; ntli till, aJ they ajirouachisl nearvr. I rec ,, uised lolwi aiid mny co,,ul)lUllns ,,f tlh+ pievits diay's hunt. The youit, ch.i. linl marched atliP It'i head it Isn mentoil near himu a I'akoha, wlthi I hal lI vr saso betosI. WVIIile I Shutd it.,l, hn their aitpr- ach,Caittaii IIl oyui i ntiirtil, arllted tu tthe t·eeth. " Gi(oodi lllrnill:,:!" iso criPed. '" ll, ? me, yolu lh.k li re iir hllit iiu Ci . Ii i ace youo av sleV? +.'',,lll t., h,? hlllno e s a-lplroatching. It', all ru:ht , the,' , stll be iiuo clillMnti?t v ,iiti r ,;I. " Ihow \hil yo, l, n d h ml In, 1O tl tlinmilll i" nic.uwtl lht vlv trl I " l?ctll llllr, f lt utril p~rinu. US betliga. IlItb itI tilU be.itily ld ~tU11t tutu. till un' it fI,?lll, f It \\\',ltitil i,' ?ul l lli o, 4vII I all l hllll. ll, 1 ta vl hllow, wh lI Unm a Il.o rt'h .c te Lillt r t l , Itllill II. foTr Iil, ful i hatroud iihlt kin tilut liii 11111r ih ritual , uizih uha I l iv t idy leil I .. ln iiti sthe anit t lItit. n ishntn atlui tiich ifrl it t l ittI , ,l II.? t~ii ll ..1I rlty, wl.i , u I tu , ,iiu re' turninl? ltIII hllll).'° " f'lh iln To llni ,Iill t, ?lIo lii ,l i'. " XNot .a Iit lof it," lo alf weritl, I.e. l ilng. "'h .1uaori t l.ulhutl ul, I,,, ii.I, ful to h a~~)trd li lt.ht \ tIii A ll)hlhv tIlll'I ilUal tIiy ib t r I t il ,i ' Illy i, dr.fl no,,. less w'h enll tihte, hiv,, nllt leinl+.rity l?, a i?t i.c L rl.li by tltulh r: they n tulhL lo ile iluld lliph lityi'c 5 1St nl i lte, h IIII fueI of i l it.ll t hei ."t I t lhunt t, uti d h w1 . ..wltl II I t wt e tIutbl 1111 , y11 i1l lllll1t h ,l lllu h .iltlt I lll l exlpre ,?e l hilllsItll dvlh? st.] t,, C,' iml, ut'ru nI d Ni ll. .I1ILl hut .lcu alll. L IiI'sa i UI l. i.h. t.hI v liI, hIttn' : < rllhred . lik - firit itr l *ll i ' i iicndui, d fItme rfut id filuhI atuif11 itt ' she1 ,,11! ltl itt it. tills tif the I et -llth tuol I , y hii lnllgril tor we fua l, Ji, h h i? i hn.i ift e iutllh,, l'u tlrv -e tl:Ir gt, ih.I. thu iii b lk t iI llln. 'rV lth fI pl nt,ln ? d',., I"y whhih the l'h,'- . ., r e ] olt I ln the' Iil'lll: U e tO Pr is.l l I' Slii, ht hil,. y ti I etri duc.II yoUt. .M y lutis hi, t inl lulng Ith I ri l il hut lll a l ,l, el t h in . th.e .y to, hll; h1 I k, l ,k ,t pul,, ,,r. " uI m y}+ ex ei' nt'll et he t,?ntllmll? ,| " I ,lil S lye lt 1ti e I h:i·l i l l y i tih, ;I l Iet +I .aiiu rt 11 Ithut Ul e n1'iIlt1 Jw+,l tyl. .N'owa., I ,l.,tl ed l rlll i ll' il, I Iill ll t, 'h | l i r i llfr ltl Iht' 'ii h 1 ' li l ii ii! Iii' i t'. IIiI" illyl l sltl;-"l, u wi ll LUIt ih. ' i w f lllt w'ho, have llti tim0 l'+llltit Idea~ of htsw llt',r llhey wecr+ l,, ,a lullet o~r it .11a.r. " "l ,u acted nel]y, sir." '+ if cuur,?i," alnswered he, drily. fotlks you nill nw,,.t.-tlrst, there 13 say) tilrl NI'?.' " That' a th, maid " °' .M au I *,. iy daugilt?r. I fall her ' NlX h' me,t' l when aboh was aI wee to~ddhle ?+he cou.Jld llev r ],rollunllce Ines (which, by the way. lIs her an4n,), but only +Nl?. +Next ,,n tho llt i.? a lltIh. hi t :t ei.,tv,+ b),twevin thi, and~ Aucilanld. Y'-I \'liI no do,?ht fid l + aI.. Ilahke a very fa,? nt'l. ilg wV,+ll~ll ; butI yo+ll c~ar, iboy, hown'lr?: of her,, th,'tt'. ,all. +No?. throo( I. thu lhv . .,,.Ilu ]lin'kle. the linest athlllte inl N o e, l ;4', ul, ihu, a grand ,,mfal or a' tihat, li 3,HI a.u', U y hIaIIi ;tt a glinatl,.k you~l lllay, lllake Jllll M u+r numn fllllrilld iln i*.ll ,Ua hour. Tl'e fourth petr?,,ll?i4, is .Ml ,,r 15.0). ,A ite .uckl, l d lhiles. Tlhe c.a .|tlled u .ejorl I'? asi l.:,ll n'llul,,r heu thlnk_ he u., whl:. a. +,II tllo sanme. HeI spurt_ a,, vy,%.a.u , n ,, lIinl, Ilt Iny l,,rdl 1)Ul drear,-. Tl'w,: th,.rei- s Pruofes,,r, iede. I 0,ll Ir.,v. I- : lbas .s ' a rch o~f the u siii1 g1? hllk. \\\h, h e trust I' lto l filnd .amiinllgst the WV.uIkatt talhes ofI Lhme Maria, or porlO c.hallt21 w'ollllg +I hl earer lloulll. Sev'enth, ?J.Iuln f'r,'lt, liy houseke,.,pl r ; and ]ast, LE,.t hy tif,,II ntsII l,',h , ,hi 'V\ 'hlt r }I, ple,h'- my dauight,,rbpl u+:,pto', a lFr ltch. I11.,1 , t" tie ,,ld +chool .\i+lt, I lllay a~ll h IIII " n?lt.. :, _' i a;t ?.? taf I. ,I' ?." I llonihlly si~d.-To'QuL .?usts.wsu?I. .IY ? 