Ada Ransome s inheritance. ^||^;lk^ËNÔE£ FLETCHER * ^t&ü^of ^f inito the Unknown : á. Romance . «^tóttti'%rica;'» ?" Zero the Slaver," ' \\. [Ált.RlOHTsi'RESÉRVBD.] j, , '. . FÓR THB MlKBB. . PART5 n. ' CHAPTKR XXIV. " COUNTERM1N*ISO." ' 'I am"8nrë'I don't know how long I Bat and diligently. studied'the book which lay open before mer ' but- I Suddenly awakened like a . jn»n .frightened, in'his sleep as I realised ! that Jïè -tinie^fôr payine( my hourly visit Lto'the .vario'ua Bentrw's had long since passed, .vT.i^'^^rat'rajrtnèir^'fôiiB of .tame I'slipped iintó my coat' and made my roundsvfortti nately finding every thing, as. ifc should be, . and the, men very much on the alert, for the . 'jtiie ^e bf the other' sentinels had iii some *y»y or other leaked out, ás such' tilings i usually contrived to'do when you happen to . ,wanV.them kept' quietj and the result/was Jthat* every man. of the whole crowd on duty ^to^k'care.to^keep his eyes particularly wide open lest the mysterious sauor? who had been described as of truly "Herculean size should suddenly start up from the earth itself and seize him by the throat. I have generally found it. to be the_ case that bad men are more or less superstitious, and though the Wrecker was wholly above any little weak ' nessea of this kind, I soon discovered that , the greater portion of his following formed nd. exception to the rule^and that there existed a'widespread belief that it was the : ghost of Tom ; the. Pilot which had over- powered the guard? at their post, this.theory being much strengthened by the accidental fact , that the men who had actually lost :' their lives at'the doctor's'hands were well known <to'..!be" Tom's mortal enemies, and /}'. this in the eyes of these iguorant fellows was ?> more than proof of the suspicions they enter- tained with regard to the deceased pilot.1 i -W^ien I passed the opening of the gallery which led to. the lagoon I .was very sorely tempted to make another excursion in the direction of. the sea,- for the place seemed already .to exercise a sort of horrible fascina iidn Over-mo, but knowing that the guard had hiseye upon me, I resisted the tempta .. tion, contenting myself with holding my torch up, so that it threw its rays of light iloug the 'passage and enabled me to see .that the marka of my damp footprints had ; long since dried tip and disappeared. This waa so far ,satisfactory, as I had entertained a fear that the chief, might take a fancy to see how things were going on in the chamber of horrors^ ' and if he detected the marks of '.my'wet feet his^ suspicions would naturally '.be aroused, and then good-bye to Pam . Stevens, for I was quite sure that he would allow no consideration of Any kind to stand in the way'of the diabolical scheme which I waa fully satisfied that, he had formed for: the ultimate.destruction of every soul who, had ever been connected with him in the nefarious ÍI«^éBí'he!'tatt,''carñéid on so long andVo successfully from a monetary point of view. ? - i .' ?,? . -With my return to'the mine below I again suffered a relapse of my mental faculties, but this gradually gave way to a feeling of exultation as I Bat hour after hour carefully .studying:,the book I had received from .Trecarrel's house, and formed a plan to thwart the designs of the Wrecker, and ,"v ¿avetfte lîyéà of every one in the mine, my '. -own aid Miss Raneóme'» included. ?, . Great -undertakings like the one in hand ' yere, .J ^reflected, always either mafle or /marred by the result.' of small details, and putting myself, in the Wrecker's place, and : granting that I, hod formed such a plan for . the utter destructions of . every person who could by any stretch of imagination be sup- posed capable of turning up at the wrong time in the character of Nemesis and spoil- ing the labor ' of years, I reflected, that I should in/the first place take all the needful precautions^to. satisfy: myself that every detail of-my. great scheme WBS in thorough working order,:and that, humanly speaking, there was not the remotest possibility of it miscarrying in, any,;shape ;or form. This, according to my judgment, meant a re- hearsal, and'J therefore resolved at all risks to bé present at this if-practicable, if not, to keep such a sharp watch' oh the Wrecker 'and on his every movement, as well as upon . ¡the- borings- in the sea-wall,, tlîat Iahight be .iadvis.ed vthe..very moment that these were fina'ly charged, and then toki"stepYto spoil ibis little game and ruin his hand in the 'moat effectual fashion. . ir.Myr study of the work on electricity satis : fied me that once the charges were filled in itb'-the borings, the. work was done, and that îhe would be under the necessity of remain f'ßingsatisfied with what he bad accomplished, r^nd^itjwould then be practicable for mo to ] i^ove-without' fear of his discovering that £hfi".W&C8; \- had been tampered with in any ^&yy; Áná^ty¡ merely disconnecting the cur Wntj Í Bbó'níd be áble to rob th« serpent of his venom', and render him, relatively speak- ing, 'harmless. Tr , . ? tartly byfditfgent^pplication to my book and partly '.D^'oo^gfeóiulme and putting together'with these wTiat the chief' had already taught, me with,reference, to this .subtle science, lat. length saw,;my way to foil him with his own weapons and to make .. ¿tira; fight, fire. ;C'r. -"-As you can see afc a glance, my great ^difficulty arose from thu fact of tay absolute ¿i^NieBnty' for keeping a watch upon him and Jabbing .instantly. advised of any visits he ^ might make to the seawall of %efàme-if I -'£had'jhad a trustymau- like Bunt at niy elbow . . thiffT^^.d have been, comparatively speak ^ibgi easy;; but asTwai forced to rely upon ''^myi.^^^Hj^^^-was nothing for it ', Jbj0li.fleiencf. tp^my.-aid and arrange to /¿Spljn^ilónie kind;of an .automatic check upon ' ^theTroovements of the arch-enemy; .-\\\^.'^U!^\Aç^^i^--l.--^^^tÏA« to accom . ' " !..-J:-;iii ..L> '' . . , < pliah to my entire' satisfaction with the help of old James Trecarrel's box, contain- ing as it did-the Wrecker's "discovery" to the contrary notwithstanding-batteries, bells, wire, and all thé needful paraphernalia for the great work I had in hand-my in- tention was to so manage the matter that the pressure of the Wrecker's weight as he' descended the ladder from his house, would connect my wires and give me timely notice of the fact that he was abroad, and by laying a further trap of the same description in the gallery leading to the lagoon and at a point netr its divergence from the main shaft, I should be also in a position to know beyond a doubt that he had gone to inspect and possibly to complete h¡8 handiwotk near the seagirt wall Upon further consideration I likewise decided to carry a third wire right through the garden at Wheal Hazard, as it caine to nie like an inspiration from heaven that hi« visits to the Lagoon would, in all Srobability, be regulated by my own calls of uty at, the surface; and if I received notice of his operations whilst I was there engaged, woe betide the Wrecker, for I should then be able to lay Bunt, one of the finest sleuth-hounds in the secret service, upon his tracks ; and if a timely faint to my old comrade in arms enabled him to locate the external orifice of the Lagoon Cavern, I felt quite sure that very 'little would pass there without-Bunt-being fully informed of it and taking"-the earliest opportunity of posting më'up with regard to the very smallest actions of the Wrecker, together with his own professional deductions there- from-a great help, let me t?ll you, when the rapid formation of a correct judgment upon matters, of importance means the saving or losing of your life and the lives of hundreds of people besides. This I had proved n«t once but many times in the course of my long and varied career as a trusted officer of the secret police. At length this' seemingly interminable night wore out its length ; and having seen the'sentri« changed, much to the satisfac- tion of those who weré\thus relieved from what they evidently considered a dangerous and painful visit, I was at last enabled to turn into my bed and enjoy a much-needed rest both for mind and body, though T first took good care tb report by telegraph to the chief íandjifó conceal ;the precious packet upon which I now rested ail my hopes of safety for the bOO odd souls under my charge in the mine. That I have' not said very much on the head on the various females in the chalk levels -is probably due to the fact that I really knew but little about them, and thought leas. That a certain small proportion were the lawful wives of the men with whom they lived I had no doubt, bub the bulk of all the women in the place were either females of the very lowest type of humanity, or else were wives, will- ing or unwilling, under the law of the Sabine ravishers, who had boldly abducted them from their homes as they had need of them, and that many of these would have' given the world , to get back to the lives for which Qod intended them was abso- lutely 'certain. There were, however, ' of course, instances where the men and women had grown together, in a manner of speak- ing, and would have been relatively happy anywhere sb long as they were not sepa- rated from each other. Such ia the myste- rious law of love; and I felt it incumbent upon me, from the standpoint of mere humanity, to allow these the means Of returning to an honest way of living, if they wére at all disposed' to seize the opportu-' ni ty when it' canté-'that ia if it ever did,' which Beemed mora than probable to me if I could but accomplish my. work in the thorough way I meant to do, and enhance my own reputation accordingly. Lest you may'ron away with the idea that'I am goiug: beyond my powers when I speak in this manner, I had better just say once for all that I only undertook a task which the department could induce no other officer, from Bunt downwards, to risk his life upon, on condition that 1 had absolute power of life and death over every creature in the colony, man, woman, or child, the Wrecker himself .alone excepted. His life was beyond redemption, and belonged by right to the offended laws of both his country and his God. My initial reason for extorting this diffi- cult concession from the Crown itself was that I had originally form d the hair brained intention of trying to win over the whole of the Wrecker's following to my side by pleading the*commonsense dictates of reason, and assuring the whole gang of immunity from the wrath of the Govern- ment they had been taught to hate and fear. Ât a very early stage of the proceedings I had, os you can easily perceive, realised '.he folly of such a course, and well knew that its sole result, .would be my own instant death and 'the "consequent failure of my mission in toto, and» this owing mainly to the fact that the Wrecker's people regarded him very much in the light ol a god. Before, therefore, I could successfully appeal to their^depraved natures it would be absolutely necessary tb' read them a salutory lesson, and to show them by actual demon- stration that their boasted security was worthless ; the chief whom they looked upon as omnipotent either a prisoner or dead, and their lives absolutely in my hands, to do just what-1 saw fit to do with them. I had now formed a plan which would, if it worked out all right in its details, bring me into this precise position with regard to them, and enable me to dictate terms in as abso- lute a manner as I could possibly desire that is, always supposing that the doctor did not again interfere and upset my apple- cart with his infernal folly. What these plans were the development will show. Meantime, I went to rest with a relatively peaceful mind, and secure in the knowledge that, humanly 'speaking, only one person could upset my schemes and spoil their ultimate fruition, and that per- son was the very one for whose sake I was taking all this -trouble and risking my precious life every moment of the day. When I awoke, refreshed by a solid six hours' sleep, it was for the first time borne in upon mo that I had been acting in a very curious manner the night before ; and after disposing nf my breakfast and communicat- ing wit h the Chief 1 turned in to think the matter over, I was as sure os a man in pos- session of his senses could ho that I had received a visitation from the dead, and this was an entirely new experience for one who thought he hod long since worn out all that was sensational in the annals' pf crime and its surroundings. I sat myself dowd once more, lighted my pipe, and in my own mind went very care- fully over every detail of the appearance of my mysterious benefactor from the other world, and cudgelled my brains for a commonsense explanation ot the affair from beginning to end ; but I need hardly say I was obliged to give up the, problem in despair, as many a better man has done before me. There WOB absolutely no reason why old James Trecarrel should appear to me in ghostly shape except for reasons of his own. Had my thoughts been in any way centred I upon eithèr him or the horrible manner in j which he lost his life, this might perhaps have accounted for the presence calling in upon ma or for my imagination, fearfully excited by the .tremendous discovery of the lagoon and its poBsibilitija for evil, supposing that it had done so. Bat I bad never even given the deceased gentleman a thought, being far too busy saving his son's life and generally looking after my own skin tb have any time'to spare for useless regrets con- cerning a dead man, whom I had not even had the pleasure of knowing during his lifetime ; and 1 was, therefore, forced to accept the supernatural side of thé question as an explanation, very mach against my wißh. Towards evening of that day the chiet himself made hi8 appearance in the mine to the surprse of everyone und the terrible discomfiture of myself, as I was in deadly , fear lest he should take a fancy to prosecute his infamous designs before I had had a fair chance to perfect roy plans for getting on the blind side of the subtle gentleman ; but he had not been on the spot for long when he complained of the intense heat which, he said, made him feel faint in his present weak state, and, clearing out without more ado, I learnt; to my satisfaction that he had been assisted into the tr welling truck in a state of positive exhaustion, and had gone back home as fait as the affair would take him, to the relief of all in tho mine. For j my own reasons I wa* uaturaliy very glad to be rid of him for a time, and as most of men wore in fear of b«ing called to account for the free fight which had resulted so disastrously for them, they on their part viewed his hurried departure with uncon I coaled delight, and hoped, I fancy, that his incapacity might continue until he had had i time to forget all about' the matter. I As soon as the telegraph was at work and I was satisfied that the Wrecker had actually gone home for the night, I went in Í and had a talk with our fair captive, and gave her the opportunity of writing a short note to Sir Barry, her uncle, worded very much on the lines of the letter I had shown to the doctor, and comforted her by the assurance that I hoped it would bo in the hands of the old gentleman before he retired for the night. Then with mt more ado I took my way up to the surface and made tho signal for my colleague, Bunt, who was not long in putting in his appearance, and fortunately he happened to have brought young Hoskings with him ; this was particu- larly lucky, as if there was one person in Cornwall that I wanted to seo more than another it was the very youngster in question. First, however, I went fully into every- thing with Bunt, and I can tell yon I fairly made his hair stand on en I when I told him of the lagoon business ; and then related my interview with the wrai'h of old James Trecarreb My col'eague well knew that I never joked upon professional matters, and when I was through with my story, " Well, Sam," says!he, "I reckon there were a few stiff 'unr in that cov«r you gave me to take care of, but I wouldn't take your job on, old chap, no, not for a'l the gold in the Indies." Having explained to him all my intentions, in' order that he might act with his usual intelligence, and agreed with him to go shares'jjn all future spoils from the mine, I then cal'ed up the lad Hoskings and turned him inside out, so to speak, with reference ..to his. knowledge of the coast, with the objectif finding out if ho knew of the spot where the sea eutered the mine ; but to my disappointment, though not altogether con- trary to expectation, ho persistently declared that he knew every inch of the cliffs for miles round and that no such opening existed. This, as I have »aid, did nob altogether surprise me, as though I knew the opening did actually exist, I was quite prepared to find that it was concealed with almost supernatural cunning- otherwise it would have been unworthy of the Wrecker. Dismissing the lad with a note which he was to contrive to leave at Forrest's house without being seen, I handed Miss Ran tome's letter to Bunt, and then we pro- ceeded to the business of the evening, namely, the laying of tho telegraph line and the inducting of my comrade into the mysteries of its 'management ; and as soon as 1 was satisfied that he rightly understood his woik, I sent him off to Boscawen, and betook myself again below ground to borrón .some of the chiefs wire. Y\ hat a job I bid with those wires, to be surf, and what diffi culty in dodging them round the sentinels ; but perseverance conquers most things ; and as, in view of my scheme, I had taken thc precaution to place a very drunken fellow on guard near the Lagoon gallery, I had no< much trouble in coaxing him to go down anc get some supper whilst I kept watch foi him ; and, my word, I did work at pressure whilst that fellow was away, and finished my task only just BB I heard his unsteady feet ascending the ladder once again, as h< came back to his unpleasant du'y for th< night, or rather such of it us remained. My chief trouble was to get tho wir« across the river and into my room, but a last I was through with the jo'>, and by 6 ii the morning I was in bed and sleeping i heavy, dreamless sleep, thoroughly tiree out, but perfectly h->ppy, as 1 now felt sur pf accomplishing my objuct and fooling th Wrecker wheu the time rame for his gre a stroke. Bunt I had directed to make a very care ful survey of tho coast, taking the bo; Hoakinps with him, and his instruction were to be on tho spot to report nightly a usual, incase I was able to meet bim. I also gave him the appn ximatc positio of the cave or hole, or whatever it was, as had followed out my usual custom and care fully taken ita bearings by compass, and advised him to make his examination ai des low water, as it occurred to me when th tide was high the entrance to the lagoo above the mine must be almost hiddet This conclusion I drew from tho high wate mark inside the great cave. Having done all that it waa in huma knowledge or power to do, I considered had fairly earned my rest, nor did I wak until I was summoned eight hours later t answer a telegraphic message from the chic: (To be continued to-morrow.) 