CARDS IN CHURCH. The following canons article u taken from an English newspaper of the year 1773, and is there called the ** Perpetual Almanac ; or the Soldier's Prayer Book,' by Richard Lane, a private Boldier belonging to the 42nd regiment who was taken before the Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards daring divine service : — The sergeant commanded the soldiers to church, and when the parson read his prayers and took his text, those who bad a Bible took it out ; but this soldier had neither a Bible nor a Common Prayer Book, but, pulling oat a pack of cards, be spread them out before him. He first looked at one card, and then at another. The BBrgewrt ©I the company aaw him, and ?aid: *' Richard* pat up the cards ; this is no place for them.' 'Never mind that,' said Richard. When the service was over, the constable took Richard pri oner and bronght him before the Mayor. ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' what have yoa brought this soldier here for V ** For playing cirds in chnrch.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yoaraelf.' 'Much, sir, I hope.' ' Very good ; if not, I wiH punish you more than ever man was punished.' ' I have been,' said the soldier, 'about six weeks on the march : I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book : I have nothing bat a common tuck of carde. and I hone to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions.' ' ' Very good,' said the Mayor. Then, spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with tbe ace. ' When I Bee the ace, it reminds me there i&but-Ki;*Go-L ** When I seethe deuce, it reminds me of Father and Son. ** When I see the trey it reminda me of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. 'When I see the four, it reminds me of the four Evangelists that preached, viz. : ? Matthew, Mark, Lake, and John. *' When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were tec, bat five were fools and were sent out. ** When 1 see the six, it reminds me that in ail days the Lord made heaven and earth. ' When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the works He had made, and hallowed it. ' When I see the eight, it reminds of the eight righteous persons that were saved when God drowned toe world, viz. ; Noah and his wife, bis three sons and their wives. 'When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour, There were ten, bat nine never eeta?nedlb.&nks.; ' When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Commandments, which God handed down to Moses on a table of stone. ' When I see one King, it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. f * When I see the Queen, it reminds me of the Qneen of Sbeba, wbo went to hear the wis dom of Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys* appareL for King Solomon to tell which were girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash themselves ; the girls washed to the elbowG, and the boys only to the wrists, so King Solomon told by this.' ' IVelL' said the Mayor, 'yon have given a description of every card in the pack except one.' 'What is that ?' asked the soldier. 'The Knave,' said the Mayor. 41 1 will give your honour a description of th&t;, too, if yon will not be angry.' ' I will no*t,' eaid the Mayor, ' if yon will not term me to be a knave.' ' WelL' said thesoldier'the greatest knave tbat I knotr of is the constable who brought me here.' 'Idonot know, 'said til e Mayor, 'whether be is the greatest knave, but I know he's the greatest fooL' ' When I count how many spots in a pack,' continued tbe soldier, 'I find three hundred and sixty-five — as many as there are days in the year. ' When I count the number of f—rdB in a pack, I find tbereare fifty-two— asmany weeks as there are in a year ; and I find four suits — the number of weeks in the month. ' I find there are rwelve picture cards in the pack, representing the number of months in a year ; and counting the tricks I find thirteen — tfae number of weeks in a quarter. So you Eee, sir, the pack of cards Bcrves for a Bible, Almanac, and Common Prayer Book to me. A man is famous when he is listened to in both hemispheres and not believed in either. ' tiaron Rothschild was asked by a friend of his to advise him in the matter of a couple of financial transactions, one of which offered a very large rate of interest, the other a smaller one. ** if yoa want to dine well,' the Baron replied, after a moment's reflection, 'go in for the first ; if yon want to sleep well, invest in the second.' When Her Majesty was at Balmoral recently she visited an old cottager living near. On leaving Her Majesty gracioarly said to the old lady who h«d been entertaining her — ** Well Mrs. ? , yon will no longer be afraid of me, and I shall expect yoa to pay me a visit. ' 'Ah, ma'am,' replied the old dame, 'it's no verse!' I'm afcard on, it's them grand set ' MabeL'said her father, after Mr. Staylate had left, just in time to catch the last train, 'that young man has shares in the gas com' piny, hasn't be?' ' Yes.' ' And he i-- also interested in the coal trade?11 '1 believe so.' ' Well, hereafter be mast be reminded tbat his departure is due at 10 p.m. I am convinced that bis devotion to yoa is not disinterested.' 