•THE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. Ci , Tho deteofive bad dropped the paper telling low Sal vatore Cavaliers, the Long Branch Italian, mtile bis dwelling a storehouse of plunder. HI Every bouse holds its mystery," be began ttrifejy. T- Tben he told tbc story of a bouse be would not specify particularly. - " I was detailed to watch it," be went on, " because theni wss something odd about its fceiunt. ; '* A ico^t respectable house in a most rcatectab'.e neighbourhood, it had been sublet to one Williun iSbiiUi, a small dark man with a foreign accent. 4 t 4 He had paid six mouths rent in advance, io lieu of reference, and as the dull summer season was coming on tbs agent bad not quibbled over this slight violation of bis rule requiring references. Whcncc be came, what bis trade, no one could say. The rent was paid io gold. - \- " After Mr. Smith bad moved in—he rented furnished—the ulrange - proceedings ^ began rwhich attracted the neighbours' attention. Just after aundoirn muffled men began to Appear at the door, which would open, revelling the dimly lit ball. The visitor entered. (Now the peculiar feature of the case was that no one ever catne out, while Mr. Smith existed •apparently- independent of the butcher and ibsker. If you rang, tbe manservant simply told you that bis master was not in. -. But other persons evidently found him in. Three or four persons passed that threshold daily, never to reappear over it. Of course tbe neighbouring servants whisj>ered marvellous tales of ghosts. %f you weut and scanned the faces of those who entered.you found thejj to be apparently gentletaen, with thin intellectual faces, f " Going up the steps tho visitor would peer abaut as if feaiing observation. One of the .double ball dsors stood closed. While be iwaitt-d be ir variably stepped behind this screen .until tbe ot .<-r door was opened. Then it shut ion him. You might wait all night and the next idar, as I h»vo done but the visitor never rc- (apjx-Ared. Tbo bouse, heavily shuttered, •presented an impassive front to the 6trcct that told nothing of its mystery. !- " Naturally, I had theories of murder or other crime being committed thfre. But /there were no reports of mifsirg mcu and news- ;paper personals gave no clue. Nor did we have :any complaints or other evidence justifying a 'raid. l'mally 1 decided to t»lte the matter into my own bands. I (lid Ibis by boldly going ;up (he st-[H a third time—I had been told (twice by the strange servant that Mr. Smith was ;out. On this occasion I followed closely on the Iheels of one of the visitors, who probably was jdestincd neve r to appear again. I rang, and after a few minutes the door w*s opened. The '.same servant stood there. He was black, jwith the regular features belonging to East ilndians or North Africans. If you ever venture as far east as Constantinople, you mar ste men jof his typo iu the cosmopolitan street throng. |Tbe peculiarity of this man was bis shining ;black eyes that looked me through and through. |He was iu the regulation black coat and white cravat of the bouse lackey." Mr. Wraith ?" " ' Sees no one,' he began in a slightly /foreign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a .subdued light on the stairway. " ' But some one entered a half minute Ibefore me," I began. On the othe r occasions t ihtd asked who this mysterious Smith who concealed an interei-tiug personality very cunningly junder that most commonplace name might l»e. |what h ; s occupation, whence lie came. On both |occasions the door had slammed in my face. ! •• This time I took the piecauticn to put my Ifoot over tbe fill iu such a way that the door could not close. The man attempted it. I stepped inside. The door swung into its place with a little metallic clicSt. " I fancied tho block eves sn»ppcd angrily, but the man motioned inc civilly iutu an adjoining room. This was au ordinary apartment (furbished in the way of rooms its houses that are !sublet, where tbe bric-a-brac and essentials giving expression have been removed. A lamp iwith a red 6hade lit the place, r^ ' Wait. I will see,' said the black. P " Presently be returned, this lime bearing a silver tray, on which weie a curiously-carved silver decanter and sotue glasses,with a plmte of biscuits. The man made a soit of obeisance ;tbat had in it suinething oriental, as if he had stepped out of one of the stories dealing with the Caliph Haroun al Kaschid. I • While you wait, won't you have some refreshment ? " I- " His accents were so suave that, forgetting any suspicion, I did not stay his hand when he •poured some liquid like claret into one of the long decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it was a curious-fas'ing beverage, for a moment I thought it was molten fire. Then the black xetaiuer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, and 1 lost consciousness. 1 Wheu I ar.oke, I was on the coucb in the name room The lamp was still burning. I raised myself up. My head ached terribly. On a chair near me sat a little uionkey grinuing and chattering. startled me at first, but in my trade ono ceases to be all aid. because back of everything, however mysterious, we are accustom™! I'm! humau running. ••Iio.ii, i!;rew bick the shutters, and daylight (toured into tbc room. I had been there all night. No one stirred except the poor little beast of a gibbering a^e. I made my way to the outside door, seeing no one, and ran down tho steps into the street, the moukry following. •• 1 returned with the police-nun on the beat. ;We searched tho house high und low. There was no eudeuce of occupancy beyond that of •he little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or ! even the silver di canter frem which I had drunk. About the ajie's nerk was a curiously carved little silver cbain with tome odd cabal- ! istic device. At the Zoo in the park they told me that be of au Indian spccies. " During all my inglit stupor, what had become cf the mysterious Mr. Smith and his ; visitors r They wcic never stcu nor heard of •gain. The house was just an ordinary dwelling ou an ordinary street. But for mo it still bas an enig iiaticel expression of inexplicable mystery. 