St. PATRICK'S CHURCH. fAKPIRMX'Pinil CEDVIPI? tiUHrlKIuallUrt. BlSKiluli. Address by Archbishop Donne. ' Also the church within was decorated, for this was the season When the young, their parents' hope, and the lov'd ones of heaven, Should at the foot of the altar renew their vows of baptism. ; ? On the right hand the .boys had their places, Delicate figures, with close curling hair and Mi#»nb-c rncv Vilnnmtnir . ; But on the left ; hand of these, there stood the tremulous lilies, Fringed with ; the blushing; light of the morning, the diffident maidens,' ; Yesterday morning, after the; celebration of the eleven o'clock Mass at St. Patriok's. Church the sacrament of confirmation was administered to one hundred . and sixty candidates for that ordinance by His Grace Archbishop Dunne. For several weeks the Sisters have been actively engaged in pre paring the boys and girls for this sacrament of the Church, and as a result of their tuition presented ninety boys and seventy girls to the Archbishop. There were in addition several young men aud women as well as two or three who had passed the flower of their youth, who had not previously had an opportunity of complying with the ordinance of their Church which requires that they should be confirmed. As is enstom ary on these occasions, the candidates attended mass at eight-o'clock when many of them made their first. Communion. Afterwards they were entertained at break fast at St. Saviour's Convent by the Sisters Long before the usual time for attending the forenoon service had arrived, crowds of people were seen flocking from every direc tion to St. Patrick's church, and before the hour of commencement had arrived the sacred edifice was inconveniently crowded bv Dcrhaus the largest congregation that had ever assembled in Toowoomba. The boy candidates were accommodated with seats within the sanctuary, and the girls were placed in the front portion of the nave near the sanctuary railing. The girls were, as is usual, robed in white dresses as tokens of innocence, and presented a very pleasing appearance. /The effective preparation they had undergone was evidenced in the awed interest they took in the important cere monies through which they had to pass and the deep responsibilities they were to assume of their own free will and act. Conspicuous in the vast congregation was the revered Archbishop, who is indeed esteemed as a father by the Catholics of Toowoomba and district. Men and women who have now reached the prime of life have leceircd the ordinances of baptism and confirmation at his hands, and remember fondly his kindly words of sympathy and counsel that have cheered and encouraged them on their way through life. Doubly pleasing must it have been to them to see the hands so kindly held out to them to help over their difficulties now extended in blessing over those they hold most dear. Prior to the confirmation services Mass was celebrated by Father Leanc, and in carrying out the former the Archbishop was assisted by Fathers Byrne (Dalby), O'Cennell And Bailey (Toowoomba) and the Passionist Fathers Vincent and Augustine, who are now conducting the mission services here. His Grace Archbishop Dunne, addressing the candidates for confirmation, said that he intended to make his remarks as short as he could became the services of the church were that day numerous and heavy, and the weather was certainly very warm. There were, however, some things which he was charged to recall to their memories, and those he could not get out of saying. Con firmation, for which they had been preparing for some days back, was the renewal of the convenant entered into between their souls and Almighty God on the day of their baptism. When they were baptised they entered the body of the Christian Church and they became as St Paul says, ' heirs in the kingdom of God and co-hcirs with Jesus Christ.' When they entered into that contract with God they promised service to him all the days of their lives, and He pro mised them an eternal reward in Heaven. At that time they were only infants, and the convenant was entered into upon their part by their godfathers and godmothers, and upon the part ol God by the priest who baptised them. Some ten or twelve years had passed since then, and they were now old enough to speak for themselves ; old enough to be responsible for their own words and their own acts. They now came forward by their own act and their own words to renew that covenant. They again promised in confirmation to he faithful soldiers of Jesus Christ all the days of their lives, and He promised them an eternal reward in Heaven after they had passed through the course, of their pilgrimage upon this earth. It was a momentous thing for them to take their share in the covenant ? they should keep their part, for Almighty God would keep his part. Two things were necessary before they entered into the sacrament of confirmation. The hrst was Chat they should be old enough to know what they were doing. It was a necessity that they should be of sufficient an age to know the responsibility they incurred, hence the Church declined, except in special cir cumstances, to confirm children who had not entered upen their twelfth year. The second requisite was that they should know the 'Law of God,' which they undertook tor observe. The principles of the Law of God were contained in the Ten Commandments, the only code .of laws in existence which pointed out the relation between Go.l and man, and between man and his neighbour. The first three Commandments marked their duty towards God ; the fourth defined their duty to their parents, who held the next place after God. .They wero to honour their fathers and mothers. The next four Cem mandments in four brief little sentences contained the relations which should subsist between man and man ; they marked out the whole duty .between man and his neighbour. Man 'had four rights in this world : the right to live, the right of family, the right of property, and the right of character. They might think as long as they liked, and would 'find nothing that was not covered by these four rights, nnd these rights were included in the next four Com mandments. The fifth said, :' Thou shall not' kill'; they must respect their neighbour's life ; the sixth, ' Thou shalt not commit adultery 'j they ; must respect their neighbour's family ; the seventh, ' Thou shall not steal,' they must respect their neighbour's property ; the eighth, ' Thou shall not bear false witness against thy neighbour,' they must respect their neighbour's. character; these four Com mandments covered the .whole of the rela tions between man and man in this world. The ninth and tenth inculcated that they were not to . covert anything that was their neighbour's The decalogue which was expounded in the catechism contained the Law of God, and since persons covenanting must know, the Law, the Church required candidates for admission to confirmation to know the catechism The agi cement upon which they were about to enter consisted of three parts. The first part was the extend ing of the Bishop's hands over them typify ing the taking of delivery of those who were offering themselves to God's service Those acquainted with old Roman history were aware that this'was the way in which the .young soldiers were- sworn 'in. The young soldier lifted up his right hand and the consul extended his hands to take delivery. In the same way the Bi.hop took delivery of the young soldiers for Christ. The second part was the anointing with the chrism or sacred oil, with the sign of the Cros:. In this way the prophet Samuel anointcd'Saul king of. Israel, and when he was rejected Samuel anointed David in his stead. The little ones came there to be anointed with le chrism to indicate they had become heirs in God's kingdom and cb-heirs with Jesus Christ. The sign of the Cross was God's seal upon everything upon this earth. The magnificent cathedrals of France, Germany, Rome, and England were marked with the sign of the Cross, and if they went into a Catholic cemetery they would find the poor man's grave marked with that symbol because the remains below belonged to God. The sign of the Cross was marked upon the child presented for baptism, and when they laid the mun in the grave at his life's end the last prayer was terminated with the sign of the C'oss. The sign of the Cross was God's seal for everything be longing to him, and so the little ones were marked with the sign of the Cross and the chrism to indicate they were God's for evermore. The third part was the concluding prayer to ask the Holy Ghost to come down and take possession of those who that day dedicatee! themselves to God. He implored the grown-up people to go back to the place and hour of their confirma tion and challenge their souls and say 'Soul of mine, as the souls of these little ones are being confirmed to-day, so were you ence confirmed. Answer me, Soul of mine how have you kept your covenant?' Ask your selves how you kept your covenant with God. He has kept his with you and on the last day will ask you to give an account how you have kept yours, He often thought of the Lord's last words when speaking to his apostles ' Father, the work thou gavest me to do I have finished' It would be well for them that they should be able tc say, ' Father the work thou gavest me to do I have finished.' It would be well for them that they should be able to say, ' Father the work thou gavest me to do I have done ; the soul thou gavest me to save I have saved; the law thou gavest me to observe, I have observed.' He feared many would have to say ' Father the work Thou savest me to do, I have not finished, I have not begun it' Many, if they spoke the truth, would l.a-e to say that. They should take care it was not selfishness pre vented them seeing that was so with them selves. They should examine themselves, and if it were so, should make true re pentance before it was too late His Grace then administered the sacra ment of confirmation to seventy girls and ninety boys, after which he again addressed, the candidates and their parents upon the necessity ot preserving the great gift of God which they had received. The chil dren were old enough now to understand that a precious treasure had been com mitted to their keeping, which they were to carefully guard. Under the symbol of a a ship's captain with precious cargo and lives entrusted to his keeping, His Grace pointed out how by watchfulness the captain pieserved his trust, and inculcated how sinful and foolish they would be if they did not preserve theirs. They wo-.ild, if they failed in their trust, come to shipwreck in their journey through life on the locks which beset their paths, the principal of which were idleness, bad company, and neglect of Gcd. He urged the parents to give their children education, or they would fall behind in the inarch through life, to keen them from bad companions, bad books, late hours, and gambling; to select employ ment for them, and keep them constantly at their work, which was the surest way to prevent idleness. He pointed out that in his visits to State prisons, he fdund highly educated men, and men of great intelligence, but among these criminals he never found an industrious man. Parents were to cultivate industry in their children. They were not to neglect God. The Lord said ' I am the vine, ye are the branches ' If the branches did not irint? forth cood fruit they were cut off and cast into the fire, and it would be the same with them at the Day of Judgment. He found no better material for a colonial church, no better material for a colonial nation than the children before them. The Plymouth Fathers who landed in Massa chusetts, in America, were not mere numerous than those now before him, and they know what a great nation had sprung from them. Almighty God's words were ' Bring up a child aright and he will pay you wages.' These words were for parents. If they brought up their children aright they would not only be paid in this world, but also in the next. These children were bright with the greatest brightness in this world, and these Australian children would either grow up for good or for bad. It was for the parents that day to say which Archbishop Dunne then administered to the candidates a pledge to abstain from all intoxicating liquors until they were twenty five yeari of age, and in doing so stated that this commendable practice, which had been introduced in Australia fifty years ago by Archbishop Polding, like many other good Australian practices, was finding an imitation in the Mother Country to-day. Under Mr. G. D. Stanfield's control a large choir lent valuable assistance and greatly increased the grandeur of the day's ceremonies. Just before the Mass Mr. J. Nolan sang the invitatory prayer, 'Come, Let us Adore,' (Manners), the choir taking up the chorus. The ' Kyrie Eleison,' and 'Gloria,' and ' Sanctus,' weie taken from Haydn's 1st and 31 d masses respec tively, and were rendered in a highly satis factory manner. Weber's 'Agnus Dei' was chosen, the beautiful alto and soprano solos being sung in faultless style by Miss Joyce and Miss Wakefield. The last named lady also cave as a soprano solo at the Offertory, Cellini's 'Anima. Christi' with much devotional feeling. During the con firmation ceremony verses of the familiar 'Veni Creator' were sung at intervals. A particularly good rendition of the tenor solo in ZtHgarelli's grand ' Laudate1' with a powerful chorus closed the proceedings. Miss Flynn presided at the organ with her customary ability. Last night the Archbishop preached to a congregation if anything larger than in the morning. An imposing spectacle was the procession round the ii.tirior of the Church, of the candidates who had been confirmed yesterday morninp, and the children attend ing the Convent' school. Several hundred took part in the procession and a special feature was the display of ten banners. The whole tamed a very brilliant display, 