THE GHOST OF HAILSHAM ! CASTLE. [FOB RECTFATiorr.] ? 'Tai.ktn' of ghosts, reminds me, Mam, Of a story now many years old ; lb 'appened one night when my husband, Sam, Got bo^jnoc^lo dripluand was bplci. - Now, Sam, ye mo^t know, he wasn't o'er well The morain' 'e left for the fair, An' bo 'ecalled in at the 'Old Bine BeU,' To have a drink, 'e and tbe mare. '.'?He said he'd be home not later. than six Both 'eand the old mare together ; . Batten o'clock strnck-I thought, Sam's in a fix, An' lying dead drank at ' the Feather. At the thought o' that, Mam, I felt fall o' grief. I couldn't see black night for cryin' ; To torn over quite another new leaf, - X vowed it while Bobbin' an sighin'. Fd leave him, I would, that there very night; Pd go where he never would find me. I pot on my things and made myself right To cut 1m and leave 'im behind me. I'd to pass on that night that very old pile T&ecastle-once; owned by 'Onld Robin, Tired oat 'pon a stone I sat for awhile, For my heart was a-beatin' an' sobbin'.' Soma sailors, ye know, from the neigh faoirin' coast, Were standin' wi' some folks quite near; They were talking and whisperin' boat a weird ghost, As walked there that night every year. Twas sow 'bout midnight, an' all was so dark. The blackest of nights without doubt; I was thinkra' of 'on>^' 'when the sailors cried '?Bark There it is,! See ! Walkin1 about!' I screamed when l eaw it; it looked, oh, so white, As it stealthily walked up and down ; Except a long robe which wasshiney sad bright, Nothing else had it> on bat that gown. The village 'twas in such a terrible plight Men, women and children stood fixed ; They came far and near in the dead o' the night, And they looked not a little unmixed. The news reached the airs of Viscount Macdanna, . ) Who now stood in fcpnt o' the throng, Gazin' together wi' Lady Susannah, Who whispered that- 'aometbio' was wrong.' ? The ghost shouted'out in grave tones, .Hallo!' Twas a long, piercing, dismal, . clasp groan. The crowd scorned back with a scared, mighty ' Oh P For someone had thrown a big stone. On came th® ghoct with such terrible speed. His white robes a-flowin' in the air ; A-howlin' and groanin' because o' that deed, He seized Lord Maodatina's young heir. ' Stop !' cried the parson, ' speak !' who,' sir,art thou f The ghost not a word did ifcspe.ik, WTam; I conjure thee to speak, who,sir, art thou? Dontcherkuow, old cock? Why, I'm Sam !'" . ; i MPIyVY OCSELZY. Smith : " Are thewbisky and cigars all right 2" ' / Brown . " Ves. they'ie under the Smith: " And'th&Innch; ?" Brown : " ThatVuuder the seat, t Smith : " And the honka and lin^ i" Brown : " By 3e rr, ! I forgnl them ontirel" Smiti. . .' That's too bad. Well I sup pose we'll h:ive to get along the lie .t way ' we can without thetn." i Teacher: *' Who wa* { Tuinm Tr.itldles : " Please,, mi an ha ums r. celebrated En^litfliman." Teiclier : " How in tbe_ world ,d*i you {{C'> H1..1 impression?" : " ny Trc.ddlea : ,Why,1, hsi v/aa so fon I 01 his lob.",; . i After scven.l bright; children in x class had given tiieir various ausjfcjs v (o their teacher's queiy fe^.iKedofw^QB.of wife, c. sorrowful little ixini<fea*sp6'ke up : " Someone tor a man to find fauli with when thinga go wroRgp." 