m. TRE6ASKISS , i Kovel f/ AnstraUan Life, ' BY :;ilRS.-GJiMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Outlaw and Lawmukor," "An ; AnstrolUn Heroine," "Tho Bond of i,y _ -Wedlock," "Nndine," "Moloeh," '"Polioy and Passion," "Tha ' Head Station," do,, &o.; (ail awEBNsiiuni taaira besbstkd," CHAPTER XXX (C<mtlnuii.\ Where's Ning, Mr. TrogaskissP" Gladys eallod out, not for the sake of information, but as nomothing to say that he might know they wero near. Trogaskiss looked up and saw liis wifo. His faoo flushed with anger. "So it Is you, ut last ! " he growled with scant ceremony. " I guesoed you weren't in the eavo. About time isn't it for dcoent folks to como in and go to bed, I Bent Ning hours ngo, but I Bupposo hor mother was too well ooaupied to eoe after her." "Ning always puts herself to bed, you know," cheorfully observed Gladys. "And her mother hears hor say her prayors !" sneered Tregaskiss. " The prayers wont to the wall to- night. I hate damned hypoorisv." " Oan t I do anything for you, Mrs. Tre gaskiss?" oriod Mr. Shand, ooniing forward and trying to oreate a diversion in his usual clumsy fashion. " I beg your pardon, I'm euro ; I didn't aee yon. Look at mtr bag ! Those pelican skins are going to be mired for trimming a dress or cloak, er something for Ning. It's awfully like grebe, isn't it? . Ob, yes, the mosquito nets aro lung np, Mrs. Hillditch , and I do hope you won t get much bitten. Good night. Sure I can't do anything ?" and ho left them in front of tho tarpaulin which protected tho entrance to tho oave, haTing, oa Gladys gratefully observed, covered tboir rotrcnt. Mrs. Tregaskiss pushed aside tho tnrpnulin. No light but that of tho moon was in tho e ive, but it was sufDoiont to show the row nf forms stretched on narrow bods of heaped grass and leaven over whioh waterproof sheeting and blankets hud boon spread, though features could lint be distinguished. Bhe purponoly avoided looking at the furthost recess, whioh, being partially screoncd by a projecting piece of rook, and ho affording a little privacy, had boon urrangod by Gonosto for Glare and Ning. It seemed impossible to Clare that she could spend tho rest of that night by her child's side — the ohild whom she had foresworn tin hour ago, and whom sbo would desert on the morrow. Something clutched at her mother's heart thon, but sho shook herself free from the thought of those helpless babes, taking roftige in that nf linr pledge to Geneste, She would foruo herself to keep it , sho would not expose herself to ' the ehanuo of nnotber struggle; alio wnuld abstain ns far as she oonld from looking into her child's face. Sho stooped and picked up a waterproof that lay near tho tarpauliu curiam. "I'm not going to sleep in there," sho said. " It's too stifling. I shall lie down on the rook out side." GlndyB tried to dissundolier. "Ning might awake and he frightened." "Thcro will bn plenty to comfort her," said the mother, still in that odd voioo. Gludys took a blanket from her own couoli, wliioh waa nearest tlio entrance. " Well, you shall have this to lie upon. Oome and we'll iind n cosy place. But, oh, tho mosquitoes. You will bo eaton alive and made hideous." "I'll tio my veil round my face," said Cluro ; und Gladys gavo way, remarking that she supposed snakos wero an likely to bo in- side us out. They found a hollow on the wntorfall platform, sheltered on two aideH, and with a rocky floor. Gladys spread the blanket, and went baok for an nrmfnl of loaves and grass. Clare sat down ; she would not lio, saying she was not sleepy. "Neither am I. Aud I've got something to toll you. I want you to know that I am ' Tory happy." "I know that already, Gladys.' " Oh, you couldn't help knowing. It's in my vory self, and oomcs out at the pores of my skin." " And from your eyes, and in your laugh and in tho tone of your voice— sinoo yester day," said Clare. " All, I only knew for oortain last night. I don't deserve it. I've been so bad , I'm not worthy of him. But that'a the beauty of luvo. Clare. It's — it's like salvation through Christ. Nothing matters — not even badness, for lore washes it all away. Oh, my dear, nothing matters but lovo and money is of no account whatever." " You'll loso your money. Ob, no — I quite ogroo with you, that it is not of tho least . consoquonee— if the lovo lasts." " It will last ; it has lasted without a shadow of a change — in me anyhow— since tho first moment I row him. And I wus married then, and I suppose it waa wioked of tne to enre for him. Well, I couldn't help it. Aud through all that time of misery and humiliation and loneliness I knew that my only hope lay there. That waa why I came out. I meant to make him marry mo." " And you havo auoeceded P" " Not quite yet ; but he won't break his word now that he has given it. I had to make him ask me. He fought hard against it. It was all my wretched money and his Sride, and to- night we fought a battle to the eath over it, and I killed his pride and be bad to acknowledge himself conquered." Olaro pressed ber friend'e hand, but made no response. Gladys knew why she could not sneak, and went on. "Of course we shall be dreadfully poor, but I shall get him homo and the things will come right with hie father. And I shall wait and rove — I don't mind cheating Mr. Hil- ditoli's heirs that way. And I ve got a balance of nearly £2,000, and we shall manage somehow — and I mustn't buy any more lace. Clare, darling, I want to thank you — to thank you with all my heart for Laving me horo, and giving n,e the ohanoe of getting near him, ana of finding out that he aid love me after all." Tlie women kisaed each other. " Clare," whispered Gladys. " Oh, my poor deer, I'm so sorry for yoa." "There's no need. "Yes there is. Do yon think I don't ' know P Yoa and I liavo been bound by tho same chain ; we've suffered in the same way, and we both know the hidoousnoss of it. Glare, there's nothing in the whole universe ' so good as lovo, and there's nothing in the world so immoral as living with a man yon can't care for, when you love another man. Listen, if you were going away with Dr. Geuesto to-morrow, u it wasn't for the children, I'd say you were doing right !" "And tho children?" Glare, spoko as qniotly as though the affair concernod another ' person ; only tho twitoh in her voioo betrayed Lor emotion. Bhe admitted nothing. Gladys know that she would not noknowlodge hor intention, but none the loss was Gladys sure of it. "Tho ohildren make the wrong. Oh, it would be a crime— a oruelty — to leave them. Olaro —you aro not meaning that P" Clare made no roply. "Think," pleaded Gladys. "He would marry again. Think of poor little Ning and tho baby ! And a stepmother— or worse." Clare shuddered, but still said nothing. " Clare," oried Gladys, desperately, " Yon won't spook, you will tell me nothing. You aro stone outside, but do you think I don't know that you nre suffering tortures P' ' "I am— suffering tortures. I want to end them." " Oh, how can you fanoy that you will end them by running away P The onildren will , bo.nnt yoa to your life s end." Btill silonce. Gladys went on. "Take them with yon. Go, and live your own life ; you are justified — if you go alone. Bnt, oh, wait for that other love life. Wait anyhow a fow months — a fow years. You dnn't know what may happen. Something, perhaps, whioh would put you in the right and give you freedom. Don't put yourself in the wrong first. Go away if job like, bnt alono with the ohildren." " You forget that I have no money to live sn independent life with." , "Wbat does that matter? I have enough £o help yon." r-f w y '.You forget," ,too," said Olaro slowly, " that they art my husband's children, nnd that I have not the right to tolco them away fromhlm." Gladys made an Impatient gesture. " Ho would not daro to go to law." "I oan't enter into that. I snppose there s nob a thing as moral right, and bad aa I may be in some ways, I feel the justtoo of that. Ho loves Ning better than I do. What is natural instinot with him has only been duty with me, Gladys," she added, "don't let us speak of that any mora. You aro a good woman and a truo friend, and I thank you with my wholo heart. But you oan't judge for me., I must ohoose my own path, and go whoroit leads mo." She got up as she spoke from her leaning posture ; it was a sign of dismissal, Gladys was not, perhaps, altogether sorry that for tlie timo she must oloss the disouesion. Clare hod shut herself up'ln a chamber of reserve to whioh Bhe could not ponetrate. Gludys knew that Olare must be meditating some derisive step— guessed indeed what the step was, but had no idea that it was likely to be put immediately into oxeaution. Sho could not run away with Dr. Gonosto tlmt night, at any rnto, and Gladys wus herself so physically wcury, as woll us so utterly happy in the Slow of hor now understanding with lunohiird that she longed for rest, and for the silent watches in whioh she might assure hereolf of the reality of her joy. " I aoo that you are tired out," said Mm. Tresraakiss. " Go and aleon." " I shall not sleep, but of course I am tired. You must be tired, too, Clare. Won't you come and lie down beside Ning P " " No, I am hotter here." " Aro you going to stay here all night? " " Porhaps. But the morning can't be so very fur off." " I don't liko to leavo you, Clnro." " Why not P It is my inanis to onjoy being alone. Don't trouble about me. Go and rejoice as I <lo, dear, too, in your happiness. Perhaps I shall bo banpy as well some day — or when I am dead, liko poor Mrs. Carinody. She did her duty and mindnd hor ohildren. And what was tho use of it all P Duty doesn't pay on the Leurn. Good night, Gladys.'' " Good niglit, Olaro.' Thoy kissed again. Gladys was turning away, but Clare stopped Iior for a moment. " I have never pretended to be a good inothor, nnd you must toko that into ac count. But I liuvo done my boat, and 1 have always boon dreadfully sorry for tho poor little oliildrou. Oh, there's something horrible," sho oried, " in their having to oome into the world whether thoy ehuoso or no — tho fruit of a murriugo that's nut tho suuramontol murriugo we used to talk of in tbupld days. Oh, how different that would makd"aU P Do yon reraeinbor, dear, how wo used to say to each other that we'd chooso tho highest— or nothing ? Instead of tliut wo both ohose tlie lowest. Now we havo found out our mistake , but you have boon ablu to mond yours, and I haven't. " You will— soma day. You'll be happy , as I am, some day— ublo to bo with him." "Perhaps. Yes, probably I shall be with him, some day. But that doesn't altor the fact that the poor littlo children wore brought wrongly into tlio world. They lire children of uin ana shame , worse off than if — for when they'vo come through love, their mother must have a dilfoicnt feeling for them ; and that's 1'ust tho wrong in all. Well, I suppose God mows all about it. He should euro for thom and put tho wrung right und raise friends for tliem bettor than tlioir wioked mothers. Gladys, I. just wanted to ask you to think of that when — when you've got children of your own. I just wanted to say — if anything should happen to tne, and it ever comes in your way, you'll be kind, won't you, to my Ning and baby P " CHAPTER XXXI. Tnz Pjbhamt. Through tho hours Clare Tregaskiss re mained half lying, half ornnohing in tho hollow betide tho eavo. Sho hail, in a mechanical fashion, prepared herself for tho night, piling up against thn wall of rook the leaves and grass Gladys had brought, thus inakuigasort of cushion, upon whioh sho reolined, her wateiproof spread over it, and the blanket oovering her knocs. Tlio mos quitoes, having soant shelter of horbage jnat here, were not so troublesome as down oil tlio graissy plateau, or perhaps she did not feol them. Anyhow she untied the veil she hnd fastened round hor head and face, and stayed during the night bare headed and with wide eyes staring over the dosolato bush. Tho soeno hurmonised with her mood. It was her impulse always when she was wretched or torn by rebellious longings to make for the wildoet and loneliest spot sho could find. To-night sho was so physically ex hausted, and so wrought up mentally, that she was barely consoious of material facta. She had a gruesome fuuoy of herself as ono walking on the edgo of a prooipico, the plodgo to Geneste her foothold ae it wero, the thought of her children and of the life sho was going to give up typified in the bliiok, but whioh was always horribly present, vaouum below, from which to save herself Bho must keep away her eyes and her mind. Everything else was a confusion of sound and dim images, except the light of Gonesto's camp and tho thrilling consciousness of that steel-like invisible chain binding tlieir beings together. Sometimes Ning's solemn dark eyes wonld shine oat of the gulf, aud then sho would wince and totter, and in terror draw herself together, and turn her own eves inward. Somotime she would fancy that she hoard Ning's voice in its quaint half aboriginal utterance, raised in accents of pain and distress, and at suoh moments wonld have difiloulty in assuring herself that on the other side of the rooky wall Ning lay Boundly sleeping. It was not strange that uncanny fanoios should have visited hor, for tho ghostly Bcono and the night soundB were enough to make tout nerves oreop. Tho bush was full of weird gurglings and rustlings, and a sense of mystery and of tho illimit able seemed to breathe from among the do- solate stretches, the moon-mado shadows, the straight bare stems of the gum trees, the dark dumps of gidya and the gray upheaved boulders. Tho "hop-hop" of wallabios oamo from among the falfon timber ill tlio gorge behind hor ; there waa the shrill ohirrup of the tree frog, und thore wero throaty noises from nameless reptiles making for the pool below the oave. Hero some white barked, orooked treos bent like ghosts oTor tho water, upon whose inky blackness the moon cast a foeblo ray, giving a now touch of dread to the soene. She oonld hear the houvy flapping of flying foxes' wings, and from tho scrub came the dismal howling of dingoes, and, nearer, thoourlews' wail. That sound whioh for a second she fanoied to be Ning's voioe calling "Mummy!" was from a native bear, whioh has a cry like a child. The moon went slowly down, and by-and-by she must have slept a little, for she awoke to see that faint graynesa on the edge of the sky whioh heralds dawn, and to hear the mopoke giving its early note and the long, derisive ohuokle of the langhing jackass. She watched the day break, heard the rous ing of the black boys when they went after the horses, and then, stiff and aohing, got up and stole Vound to tho entrance of the tent. She fanoied they might think it strange that she should have been out all night, and thought that she would lie down and make a pratenoe of having slept like the rest. But the uncon querable droad she had of meeting Ning's oyea und hearing tho ohild'e prattle hold lier back, and instead sho went down the rooks and to a lonely pool, an outlet of the larger pool, where tike washed and did her hair and got rid of some of the traces of her vigil. The sun was qnito up by the time she had finished, and roe waa mounting the rocks again wnen she heard a call from the cave, " Ning ! Ning !" and then her own namo in Gladys'a voice, " Olaro !" She qniokened her steps. Gladys mot her before roe reached the cave. The tarpaulin waa drawn baok, and Helen Onsaok and her sisters stood bofore the entrsnee. Clare, in her dazed way, noticed that they looked alarmod. " Havo you got Ning with yon P" Gladys asked. Sho spoke sharply, and ber ayes had a frightened expression. " Ning !" oried Mrs. Tregaskiss, startled. "No; Inare not seen her. Is she not in the cave P" "We oan't find her," answered Gladys. " I thought you might have come in when wo were oeleep and taken hor ont." "Sho is in bed," said Clare, turning white with an undefined fear. "I don't believe she, bos been in bed all night," oried Gladya. " The blanket looks ns if it had aoT.trtewidUliirbcd. There was a I ' .> roll of waterproofs and things on It and that niudo iiio think she was thors. It was so dark in tlio eavo, and I nover looked rioRely." Tho Cusack ohildren joined in. Thoy had ' been so tired tlmt they had tumbled into bed without thinking of Ning. Miss Lawford sphke of tho child having begged her father to look for Gerda's witch with her, and of liow he had Hent hor bank to bed. Not ' one of them had eeen Ning, sinoe then. There were no traocs of hor in tho oave , tha obvious inferonco was that sho hnd nevor heon baok. Aa she listonod, blackness oamo over Olare— tlie blaokness of the inn at Cedar Hill, when she had wakened to tha sight of Gonosto. Sho tottored against the rock, and her blood seemed to. rush away from hor body. In a fow seconds the blnok- nasa passed, and hor heart boat qulokly, and a tingling came into her limbs as tbo blood flowed again. Gladys was supporting her, and Helen was at hor other aide. By a ldnd of divination alio know that some awful thiug had occurred, and that She had rolled down a doom upon her ohild, Gladys aud Holen heard her say in a torrible sort of in- ward whtapor, " God has punished me. He has killed Ning !" "Oh, Mrs. Tregaskiss, don't be frightened; it's sure to bo all right j and I expect alio is ust playing round," said Helen, "or per- nips sho lias gone to ono of the other oaraps. I'll run and see." Holon flew to tho nearest of the romps wharo Tragnskiss, just risen from hu blankets, wuu nntmif n Wflfllf !n)V flir hlUflll!? Iflt. HRfl nf the horses stray. Shand, the Gulf man, and Murtin Cnsnok wore kindling a Are and making pronanitioua for tho baking of Johnny oakes, wliilo Geueato anil Blonchard wore filling tho billies with wator. " Ning ! My good God ! Sho's gone, and straying has lost, liorsolf ! " cried Tregaskiss, horror strioken, when Holen told him how the ohild was missing. " I sent hor back to bod when we wont shooting last night. I haven't seen her since." It was the same story with all. No ono hail beheld Ning siiico she hnd nailed after Iter fathor and he hnd tohl her it was timo for piccaninny to ho usleop. Everybody . who had thought about her nt all had sup, posed that sho had put hersolf to bod iu was hor habit at homo. Those who had thought of her upon going into tlio ouve, soeing in tlio dim moonlight the bundle upon her blankets in tlio recess, had imagined it to bo Ning hereolf coiled up In profound slumber. Betides, thoy hud, of course, oxpcctcd that her mother would bo besido hor. When Tregaskiss learned that Olaro lind not slept in tho eavo his mad auger know no Islands. IIo uttered words whioh wero not pleasant for bystanders to hear. Meanwhilo tho gorge rung with "ooo-oos" aud calls of "Ning! Ning!" Miss Lawford, glad to eseapo'froni the acono botweon Trognakiss and his wifo, rushed with the Cusack girls peer ing into impossible crannies. Helen and Martin searched mure systematically rouud thn plateau. Olaro herself won liko ono upon whom n doom lias fallen, nnd who knows there is no uso in resistance. Sho lairo lier husband's reproaches with porfeot quietness, not stirring a musole, still and stony aa though tho norvea of hearing and sensation had been paralysed. " Have you no foeling nt all that you stand thcro like a marble Btatuof" roared Tregas kiss, who had eomplotcly lost liis head. "By God, if anything has happened to the piooa- ninny through your nogloct I'll novor speak to you or look on your faoo again. Ab for me, I'd as soon bo dead and dono for as loso tho piccaninny." Gonosto and Blnnchard stopped up to him. Ambrose spoke first. "Look horo, Mr. Tregaskiss, it isn't ns bad as nil that, nnd this isn't tho way to tako it. Mrs. TrogaBkiss is no moro to blamo than you or I, or any of us. The ohild will bo found again all right, you may be certain. Sho has just strayed and lost herself, and we've got to lose no timo in looking for hor Lot's sctdo at onco what to do." \- " Wo had bettor divide into search parties, said Geneste. "Each one tako a blaok hew, oxcopt perhaps myself nnd Murtin Cusacg. He's a good traoker, anil I'm used to it." "I'll bank Gonosto to track a skitter across running water," oried tho Gulf man. Tregaskiss bestirred himself with foverish activity, Goneste took command, and pre sently the horses wero saddled, aud tlio search parties started, Tregaskiss foremost. Soon every human bomg of that pleasure expedition wits scouring range, gullies, flats, ana lttko shore for littlo Ning. Tho ladies of tho party and tho now chums kopt near tho gorgo and scoured tho ground, going in line to and fro among tho gullies, shouting as tlioy went, but no answoring call oainc, and there was no sign of tlio ehild. Then thoy wont towards the lake, but to no avail. At 1 o'clock a blaok boy among tho seurahora struck a -traok for about 10 yards on tho old Euiigella road, and than again, for about 100 yards on a cattle path — just two tiny bootmarks, but it was lost again completely. Tha traoks ran inland from tbo lake, and wore a long way from the camp, telling a pathotic tale of . tlio poor baby's night wnnuerings. Tlioy inude these traoks the point of a fresh start in all tho directions round. Blunoluird rodo buck with the nows, anil Gladys and Holon, and evon Miss Lawford, wept with jov, for r.ow tlioy felt sure that Ning would be found. But Clnro did not shed a tear or giro a smile, nor did sho ahow any anxiety in putting together food and a blanket ill whieh to wrap tho child whon they should como upon lier. Bhe hnd been walking aimlessly, her face n mask of despair — walking because she could not sit still, not with any hope. " I know that .Ning Is dead," sho said, in her stony voice. "There is no use in taking food ; she will not need it. But I should like to have hor littlo dead body, so that the diugoeB und wild birds m'.y not hurt it." Her calmnoss was terrible; she did not shudder like the rest r.c the suggestion. " Ambroso, I think she is going mad," whispored Gladys, " she nover says a word, only walks— walks — with that awful sot fooe. What can wo do? "We will bring tho ohild, pleaso God, boforo many hours are over, and that iB all wo can do," ho answered. If only there were a station near where we oould getaoaroh hands and fresh horses, There are ' so few of us. Geneste is tracking liko a blackfollow or a Red Indian, and Tregaskiss will not let tho black boys stop for a moment, though he Is so wild with grief that he is not mnoh use him self. The ehild must be roved if it is humanly possible to auve her." |TO BE CONTldUKI). 