< T l» " ' i " "HTiltbT tbganrglad to sec" you've ipicked up. -Here's. Mr -DanUti'S— he's fond of pa.viujr us a visit down here." ; I jljajL-tfnst pot p'ttto te-engiqq- jfiiflu \- / .1.. j\\.,nhn Mmtnpnll IWhllllA foV DJ tilt VVt'lIU eiwuuivui "V"— Cape Town., i I, «'.ts. |hp fepond engi neer, and , had come aboard a v eekgo. Waiely fccovertel trbm n "low , fever fatii's whs ehicf engineer ..%e"jfir',rilrd H» idpn me. . Mr Danversqtic' Wtiie, tfnksen- pei'"" with, whonil. li.'ul iua3'e iireaf , friends, e'nilled. . ' -'Sen air does wonders;'-'- said lie. - -Ij sU'pj',hs6 Fwtd'b'efiter depart in peace, its ybfl", Wo'.'tvUITiaVe'plelity-to ««.»' . "Oh,' )id Tmrty." said Fntferson. f'5"ou know we' 'shipped woifle Iresli Rtokeis. Ixigan?" ' J ',!Ves— two,'! J answered; "how 4o you find thcuiV.',' , - : ; Vi -have no complaints.1 . ' ; i opened the door of tlie stoke-hole mid looked In7 Dhnvers put his head ih bgliind jue. Jic always, said the great red eve of the 'lire had a fascination for hitii. " The furnace door Was open, and otle' of the men was flinging on eoals. The hot glare of light fell in itial as he moved backward and. forward, - lie looked weird— terrible. ; 1 tnvneil hack hastily to Taterson. "Who is the third man?" 1 said. "Third man." What do you mean What's tlie matter. I.ogau. yoa are (jttite white':" "Tlierc ai'e only two -men." saiil Iian- vers, folio, ving me bach into the engine- room. We heard the clang (if Ihe furnace door. 1 looked from one to fhe other. I felt seared. 1 suppose 1 showed the feeling, for both men seeuicd concern ed- ' "Titroe?" I said, in a curiously auos- tiQiiing voice, as if I were not sure of what I had seen. "Thompson tthat was tlie stoker who liad lieeti with as for years! "add the new men - 1 don't know their faces." "You'd better go to tlie doctor again." satu a uverson. i wan m me) . - v minutes before you came; tJiere were did y Thompson and Holker. oiie of lhe new hands there: and nobody lias gone ill since." "You see double. I.ogau." said Dan cers smiling. I was silent. Nothing could have been easier than to votuiii to the stoke hole ant there and then settle the inur- tcr: but I ltnd a sort bf shrinking front seeing again that strange red figure, and.pref erred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later, it seemed, prn- 1 laljie that the others were right. The tierce light might produce all manner of effects, and tlie third man had certain ly 'looked shadowy 'enough to be only an optical delusion. But -1 be second time 1 saw Holker was In broad daylight. I met liLiii face to face in tlie passage running forward past the engineers' cabins, and again there seemed soriieoue behind hint— an other man: a filmy shape.- and yet dis tinct. 1 felt paralysed. There was no thing remarkable about the stoker, lie Svas a quiet man. iv.tlier "dose"' with his mates, and. therefore, not much liked; hut we engineers found him it good worker. 1 thought the fever was still hanging about , luc; yet I felt strong and well, slept souudly, and ate as only a con- vale.seent can. 1 took to watching Hol ker. although I had a horribly nervous feeling about him. I asked Patorsou and tlie third engineer if they saw any thing odd ahout the man. Nothing at all. they said. Couldn't they see.. I thought, that something always behind the stoker that wasn't a likeness of him. Whenever I saw Mm. 1 saw It. too— in the lurid glare of the fire, about tlie lower deck and passages, in the fresh sunshiny air— always that other man, like some haunting fate. Was I mad. or was every one else blind? "Daiivers." I said one night, as he and i were walking the deck smoking, "do yon believe in uncanny things?" "Do yon mean ghosts?" "Not exactly. I wish you would let me tell you something; only don't hiugli at me." "Not for worlds. I am not an entire unbeliever, and I know you" have vrrv devout boilers in these tilings." said Dan vers. "Thanks. It is ahout this Holker. Do yon remember when I first saw hint ? 1 told Paterson there were three tiieit." "Yes." "There wojt three figures. tied knows whether the third was a man." I said iu a trembling voice. "i is no fancy— I have proved it to bo none. I am not ill. My nerves are not unhinged; they are steady as yours. Always i see behind Holker a shape — r" "What you Scotch call a 'wraith'" saiif Dauvers. ":i warning of his death." A "wraith" is a likeness of the person warned. Tills shadowy form is not in tlie feast like Holker. "What \loes it mean ? " I said, pausing toy bis side. There was a son of despair in my heart. "Wily do I alone see it?" Is there something for inc to do. and I do not know what?" 1 could feel that Danvers was sym pathetic, though lie was silent. "It is very strange," he said, thunghtfidlv. "It may ho'that von alone arc a gltosi- scer. ) have read that some people never can see anything." "You do not doubt me. then?" "i hardly know what to say. Can Jfoti describe tills appearance?" "it Is as clear as day. though mistv. Ii is a .young man's face. He has a white, transparent complexion, like a person in bad health; tliln. aristocratic features; tlie fair liair fails in curls over the forehead; the eyes are blown —womanish eyes, soft and wistful — " , J -pitmeU suddenly. T liad been' talk ing as if to myself, hardly noticing Dan- vers : hut an exclamation from him checked me. To xny -surprise he had turned pale. "Should you know tlie faeei" lie said, in a hurried. way. "You mean in a picture?" "Yes.' "Come To my cabin." s.iid Dauvers. 3) e wont below quickly.- and when wc reaChgd .Ills cabin lie fastened the door He seethed excited. He unlocked a tiesk" :b at he took from a travelling 'asc. a nil laid n photograph in my baud My. blood turned to ice as I looked. .1 en fid nor speak, nor even uttera sound. There Xvas thc'facc I bad just des cribed. "I see yqu reeoguise it,", said Dauvers. He sat down pud covered his face, gnd I laid the photograph on' the fable. He seemed agitated. I felt curiously calm. '.' Something yon were to- do;" said D!tn versa Mast. "Vouliaye doncir." . "How? .1 have done nothing." , "You have told the." ; "Told you? Ypr; because I could no Jonger. endure silence. .What then?'!i '"ril ,reli yqu— gud.you gmist hulp, me. I am not trqyelliug for pleasure — h . :'T knew that." r said, tf JiJtlE dryly. ' . "AhT'You 'are quick;' hut vou ' kept' yqin-tsmnfeel. so it didn'tinaiter. l alh' a'detoetisc." .-. " jM'hat," I said, springing up, . m v heart beating wlklly. ( VHu®u'Sit down again;' I was Sent on, tlieetrack of a murderer. We- had : peytpin information that he had escaped.; to, Africa some weeks ago.' He is not there-Jig. is' here." . ; . !'H olkt-t'. the stoker," I whispered. : I sat overwitclmed. Dauvers quickly jriSaincd something uf Ids professional. 3T<"Satacc,"heaid,.poinlhig io the .photograxdi, " 'Is_;thcJlikencss.pf_JlD. iEoulsi'ciiiple— a young Man of nieaus 'and an imsnJid-'whct wHk UiilHlfiretl bj his man servant. l'orhaps yon hate ""No." I was ill— Hboard nothing.'' "The mnn wns.a frusted sei'vpnt, halt, uoPse >' iie"'iniiid6)'-a"i)eculiflrl.y hot: i-itilc tiftg nil' ii,' aefeiitMcss iilan-was, e«mmitted"eViaeutiS'' fdl' purposes , of, lotolffirv. ' We siiall find some' of the qjoil in Hofker's.qhesb .. The .murderer. escaped.! but, p-e dig ve evidence that will surely-, iiaug him. ,..yo,w, do you see libiv great a seniec yqu have uncou- sciouslv done? But for this strange iu- tai'iiasition the murdered -Man would, lirobatoiv never have been avenged. Onr false information ,wop)d haye misled iis and while we wasted time iu recti fying ii. holker would very likely have V>PDnlostto'v.K a! together." "1 see." was all I could say. "Now I haye my hand on him." sanl tlie detective. "He is, of couree. dis guised. I will arrange a plan, iu which i shall need your help to strip liJm'of his disguise. I will arrest him. and be and I will be put ashore at lite first port we touch at. and return 1« England." "Claim my-eiitire services." I said. "I can hardlv yet believe I am ill my right senses. Why was I. who knew nothing, of the circumstances — who was Igno rant of the existence of this Louis Tem ple—why was I cli.isen to bring this horrible' crime to light?" "Ah, there we get lnU> Hie unfathom able." said the detective, "beyond me. and beyond wiser and better people than I. I don't sec how oue could get over the l'aeis— which is all we have to do with." Thar argument (lid not satisfy me, though 1 knew I never could get he- voud it. The strange.' lhe awful thing was. I hat the next lime I saw Holker ilu shadow wns JTOIK\ Wu msido our plans, nml 1 soon s;i\v haw iKM'essnry my aid w:is. 1 wsis thrown nmch inniv ;i«''itss ilit' siokor thuu Dauvers was. ami the iuitinl nioye- mont was to drnp the mnn. to et him ...«c u..- ...iiiSax itniiiip that lit was ill", and llu-re satisfy ourselves of his make-up. 1 shall never forget 1 lie gritn delight of- the deteellve wlion tnis plan sueeeefled ami 11m1 wretched cri minal was revealed in llu insensible man before us. That was his last hour of freedom. He eamo to. to find himself the prisoner, of llm quiet passenger. Mr Panvers. It was a terrible scene. The man could not understand how lie had been dis covered, when tlie detective, said he him self had not made the discovery. In the midst of the "Wretch's frightful rav ings. we learned that he had purposely missed the ship lie had been reported to have sailed in. and had fastened on lhe t»eean Monarch. Iu his eliest were found jewels, plate, money— all iden tified as the missing property of the unfortunate Mr Temple. There was horror from stem to stern when ir was known that we Inula mur derer on hoard. Sailors are snpersti- tions on this jK>int— and justly so. 1 think no one breathed freely till Holker (that wasn't his real name, by tlie byl had been removed from our ship. I. myself, was the sensation of the hour, hurl Tried to avoid eurlmis questioners. There was sonielliiu too awesome to me iu the mystery to allow uie to dis cuss ii with every idle tattler. Was what L.saw the. spirit of the murdered man. silently crying for vengeance: I devoutly believe- Vt was. But the ques tion 1 had put to the defective remains unanswered— why was 1 made to play this part': The story sot. in the papers, atid I was interviewed by more scientific men of all nationalities tbau 1 can remem ber now. It is years ago. Tlie detec tive is dead, the Pecan Monarch is mu lling her last trip. So nil things come and. so. And it's time 1 went below and looked after my engines.— la. Lans- feldt. in the "Yankee Blade." 