GRANNY’S . GHOST. It. was in.Uilltown, this haunted house of which I write, and, as is usual in such cases, the occupauts were ill at ease. . It was annoying^ to say the least, to hear that ghostly rocking, rocking to and i'ro in midnight hours, when the slightest sound nssumed startling proportions. Squire Elkins had bought the place at a bargain—or so it seemed ; but if he had known it was haunted he would not have taken it at any price. Not that he was nervous or believed in ghosts ; hut it was “deuccdly uncomfort able,” he said, to be roused from slumber half a dozen times in a night with t he information that somebody was rocking tho big armchair. “ Well, let ’em rock,” he growled. " I don’t want to.” *• Yes ; but Harvey, what is it ? ” “I don’t know and don’t care. Go to sleep, Arid fa rah tried—perhaps she succeeded; but when that mysterious rocking began again the eceno was repeated, .until in desperation .the squire would go to tho Urge apartment which answered for kitchen and dining-room. It was . very eoirifortabie there. A big rocking-chair. occupied the cozy, corner. between the hearth : and the pantry door. Upon a email stand were the evening papers and a lamp. Just : opposite was Sarah’s Jow chair, in which she was wont td trick and knit. -But why .thtij rocking 'should continue aftor the occupants of the chairs were in .bed was.a.matter lhat.puzzled . and alarmed her.’ Only lately had she heard : the sound, but' she was sure her ears did not deceive her. The squire did not t?U her upon his retorn from the investigating tours.which she forced him to make that the big. chair was swaying baok and forth as if recently varut-d. ** Some natural cause for it; but I'll be confounded if -I sea just, what.” be muttered, then unblushing)}- declared to.his,wife that.not. a thing wds stirring, not oven a mouse. .When sho began to talk of gliosis he ridi culed the idea, yet’wondered tho while why the place was sold so cheaply. To be sure tha^ house was somewhat out of repair but p#int an.d plaster would soon remedy that; the land was good and well located ; if there should be such a thing as .a house bi ingJjAunted, that .■would account.. *4 But, pshaw ! there are no ghosts,” he mentally. exclaimed ; and be.dis mi^sed the matter from his mind and slept the Sleep of the just. C Not so poor Sarah. When the idea had once ■possessed-her mind she could not get rid of it. . -Shc: began to make cautious inquiries.ofstbe. .neighbours concerning the fprcD,er.owb*F;3pd,h.is fajojly.1 She leu rned that.Mr.rHarri^hajI been a widower with several. children. A servint girl aud his helpless.'old mother completed the ‘• When she died he sold out^ond moved away. The bouse doesn't look'the same *iLh out the old. Iudy She always sat m that . corner aud rocked. I can just shut tuyeres ] apa see nrr now." /Xlms the voluble .neighbour ebafcted ojt, un mindful of the horrible certainty that took pos Bfgsion of Mrs. Elkins. “I just know it, Harvey. -“ The house is actually haunted,” she said to her husband that night, in a terrified whisper. “ lt‘s old Granny Harris’s ghost rocking in your big chair. What* ever shall .we do ?” “.Do nothing,” snapped the Squire, to whom the subject had .become an exasperating one. “ The old woman is welcome to reck all night, just so she don’t dispute my claim to the chair bofore bedtime.” “ Oh, Harvey, bow can you talk so ? I would not sit in that chair for the world.” “ The old woman, Harvey ! She's rocking ! I can't stand it.” “ Confound tho old woman—and you, too ! I ever heard of a more peacrable ghost. What would you do with one tbat wandered around in a. winding sheet, with fiery eyes aud sulphurous breath ? ” . Poor Sarah cowered beneath the bedclothes while her husband resumed his snoring—a sound much more formidable than the mysterious rqckiDg. Squire Elkins was not a cruel man, but he knew little about nerve*, aud bad not the least sympathy for his timid wife; Nothing but bodily danger could alarm him. ; “ Harviy, can't I send for Cynthia ? I’m really ili.”said Sarah one morning after a night of almost incessant rocking. ♦♦ Why, of course, if yon want to ; but not a word about ghosts to her.” . Cynthia was her maiden sister, who lived with their brother John, in Newton. She came at “ Well, Sarah, you do look bad, for a fact,” was the sympathetic spinster’s greeting. “ But PH chirk you up a bit-. I brought tome sassafras and camomile ami Indy’s slipper with me.” The day passed pleasantly enough, and at nine o’clock all was as quiet as usual. Cynthia slept just across the hall from her brother and his wife. There was onlr a partition between the j bedrooms and tho kitchen, though both doors opened into the ball. * ’Sarah,” called Cynthia, an hour later, “are “ No,” was the muffled response frc-m tho covert of the bedclothes. “ Is Harvoy ?'* “ No,” again. “ What’s ho fitting up for ?” “ It ain’t him, Cynthia.” “ Well, who is it ?” “ I don't know.” “ Don't know ? Well, I’m going to know !** The bedroom door opened and an energetic step was heard in the hail. “ Don’t don’t, Cynthia ! Listen to me !’* came in terrified accents from the opposite Cyuthia opened the door os Sarah whispered faiutly— “ It’s—it’s a ghost, Cynthia; butgdon't let Harvey know 1 told.” “ Harvey, Harvey !” cried Cynthia. “Get up and see who's in thit rocking- chair.” “ Lord preserve us ! What’ll I.do with two of’em?” groined the poor squire, as Cynthia retreated to bed and stuffed the clothes in her ears to shut out the mysterious rocking that came and ceased, and came and ceased, aud came again, all night long. In the morning she heard the story, and understood that no herb, however potent,, would “ chirk up ’’ her sister-in law. Another night,a repetition of the first, Cynthia returned to John's house, taking Sarah with her. Squire Elkin5 felt greatfy relieved at first ; . but when a.wtek hid passed he began to long for company, and hailed with pleasure the night’s sojourn of a passing p; ddlcr. To his annoyance the transient guest inquired in the morning the meaning of the rocking ho had heard. The squire explained and the news that the Harris houso was haunted flew .on willing \- wings. Then the real.trouble began. He was dduge)|l with Inquiries and confronted by the most senseless hnd bloodcurdling tales imagin able. He denied and exaggerated by turns, and the ball kept rolling.' The house was avoided as if a pestilence lurked , there ; team sters whipped up their horses and hurried by. Some even viewed the Squire askance, until in his righteous indignation he grew so fierce that it was said he was going crazy, and that (in. addition to tbe ghost) was why his wife had left A few venturesome spirits essayed an investi gation, hut each one heard the mysterious aouud?, and went away to add fresh fuel to the flames. One even asserted that he had seen a shadowy form, in cap and spectacles, swaying to and Fro within the chair, and heard a moan ing as of someone in distress. Aud nobody questioned tho truth of the statement, though not a single hearer would have believed tho man on oath iu a business transaction. The Squire grew sick of tho “infernal non sense-,” as he termed it, before two weeks had passed, and wrote to his wife to return home. When she did not come he went over to Newton. to see about it. He gave a full history of how his neighbours—“ tho confounded idiots i ‘ were talking, and bid Sarah “pack her duds and go homo to i-but their mouths “Oh, Harvey, sell the. place—give it away— anything but take me back there ?” pleaded Sanh, and Cynthia seconded her entreaty. ‘Squire lUkins stormed aud tore, and swore he would never do - it* for any ghost, nor the foolinh whim of a woman. “Does the chair really rock, Uncle Harvey?” asked bis rieice, Kitty,Elkins, when she found the squire alone. “It dote for a fact, Kitty.” “But what makes it go ?” “Granny Harris,. I reckon—I don’t know what -else. They say sho always sat in that corner: it’s a very comfortable one; I don’t .woodrr she likes to come back; and I’m suro no pne.ought to complain if I don’t. We nevtr occupy tho chair at the^same timo.” “But she’s dead, Uncle Harvey ; you surely don’t .believe in ghosts ?’* “Don’t know, Kit. There’s something mighty quter about it. But I never heard of a sensible ghost. As long as she don’t take' to wandering ground, I’ve not a word to say. She can have my chair whenever .1 don't want .it. I don’.fc soe.liow folks-can bo.so.selfish “I’ll tell you what we’ll do. Uncle-Harvey.. If Net Baker will go along—and I know she 1 will, she’s always *.i for any fun—we’ll go with you and lay that ghost, so Aunt Sarah can return to her home again.” The.next night two.merry,* mischievous girls .were domiciled iu the hall bedroom, “How’s the ghost? a3ked the .Squire in the morning. “I entirely forgot that ‘Granny’ doesn’t introduce herself when sho comes, and we went to sleep and never woke up till broad daylight,” admitted Kil ty. “ We’ll stay awake to night, Uncle Harvey.” So the next night they turned their light do^n and told stories.to keep awake till the ghost should make her presence known. They had not long to wait. Turning up the light th?y hastened to the kitchen. Yes, the chair wvs rocking,-but nothing further could they discover,’ Ifc wes vacant, for Kitty sat in .it, to nuke assurance doubly sure. They withdrew leaving tho light.this- time. When the rocking . TYas,repeated they rushed iupqn the .sceub with the same result as before. It did look..queer — ‘ that swaying chair, propelled by an seen forces; but neither of the girls was superstitious iu the “'One thing we’v«y learned,” said Kit, “the ghost i*n’t afraid of a lightWe'll stay, too, •.this-itirae.,’’ Y ** ‘ Y* co they:brought: a qujlt and pillows, and curled duwn interni-stiadow to. walcli. All was quiet, aud.Kitty was fust losing consciousness wheu a slight noise roused her. the sat up and peuad anxiously'at the rocking-chair.- • Nulhing unusual could^she tee; but just beyond a- slight movemtut C4.ught:hor kern eyo. She graiped Ttfet’a arm and said in suppressed merriment— "Grailny must be coming. Bee these two little black eyes just boyondthe chair?” In an instant the eyes wero followed by a tiny brown head. Then an agile mouse sprang from • liole in the plastered wall to the back of the chair. Down it ran to the arm, jumped from there to the standi and very industriously began tearing pieces from a newspaper. AY hen . it had all it could carry it hied away home by its. precious route. The girls had been so interested in the little creature’s movements that the truth never dawned upon them until it had jumped from : the swayiDg rocking chnir and disappeared into its hole. “Granny, as I live!” exclaimed Kit. “Hurrah! Uncle Harvey! Uncle Harvey! we’vo spotted the ghost! ” And then they laughed long and loud uutil the squire appeared. The chair was still rocking from tho impetus the tiuy mome had given it, and the mystery was explained. “ I thought the old lady had been making , kind of freo with my papers lately ; but I hated to mention it, not wanting to seem selfish,” waa the Squire's only comment. . Aunt Sarah came home after the walls., had been replastered, and Uncle Harvey gave each of the girls an elegant gold ring for services •. rendered. And would you believe it? After the thing came out, not a soul could be found who ever believed there was any ghost—not eveu Mrs, E'kins herself. That riug is still among Kit’s choicest' ; treasures, and she is often persuaded to .exhibit!.-,* it to her children’s guests—of which I .chancedj-r to be oul—wbilo she relates how the Harris.'!,' ghost was laid._■ . ' 