— -- — r i ? - - -- ~^i ~ni»r ? -~ - --\ — 'StfDHiEi Tttiis viaS. 'Stolen' from off the lands of Vauduse on More day last, the 12th- instant (iSovember, 1SI«)- a large, dark brown cow, 5 years old, remarkably £at, within about six weeks of calving. Who ever will give information so ffiifc efie may Be re covered, and - prosecute to conviction the person or persons committing the said felony, shall re ceive ten guineas' reward. — EL B. Hayes.' Sydney thieves at that time wer* sTtilful in their craft. Oh one occasion, for instance, a married couple were disturbed in their slumber by the ap pearance of a burglar who had got into. the bed room through a' window' protected by close iron bars; but in order to get through, them he had to take off- all bis clothes, and then it was difficult to understand. how he got through. ' The terrified pair at first took- him for a- ?ghost, but when the husband mustered up courage enough to attack him, he found that he. had a naked ma-n in his arms. With men of that kind about, it was not likely that the suburban residence of a gentleman known to^have money could escape their notice; the wonder Is that they took 'so little. What, af ter all, was a 'remarkably fat cow' tb men who would not have scrupled to shove the owner down his own well- if they had had a chance. On ano ther occasion they actually contented themselves with a few melons, to capture which they went down In a boat, armed with bags and, bludgeons: — 'I will pay a reward of ten guineas to any per son that will give information so as to prosecute to conviction the person or persons who, on Tues day or Wednesday night last, robbed my garden at Vaucluse of a quantity of water-melons, and on Thursday, being fired at, left bags and bludgeons behind. 'From the great number stolen, more than one must have been concerned; and it is supposed that delinquents took them to Sydney by boat, as they were tracked to the beach. 'In consequence of the numberless depredations committed on the domain of Vaucluse, I caution and forbid any person whatever from cutting of grass, timber, or in any way trespassing on the said domain, as I am determined to prosecute them with severity. — H. B. Hayes. 'Vaucluse, February 9, ISiL' 