Concerning Legislative Ability. Necessarily, every country is governed just about as well as it deserves to be. But though Esau sold bis birthright for. a dinner, that constitutes no reason why Esau's da scendents shonld never have anything to'eat. Similarly, if Tasmanian electors have sent a fearsome batch of hopelessness to Parliament to make their laws,-that, is no good and sufficient reason why those who were not wise enough, or old enongh, or rich enough to vote at the time shonld be compelled to put up with hopeless legislation. Thus there is reason and room to expect a change. As tliers is every chance of this country wanting and deserving to be governed better in the future than it has been in the past, it is just as well to take a look now and again at examples of present legislative ability. It might help us in the future, and, in my case, it is something to write about while the Organizing Fund is growing. Everybody has some sort of a cross to bear. Mine is that I am to keep a supposed look out for items of interest worth commenting upon. After wading through miles of dreary stnfi, of no possible interest to anybody who wants to live as mnch of life as time permits, I perchance espy something that makes me feel more melancholy than usual. Then I seize my trusty axe—I mean pen—and the cycleogical (notice that " Wheels ?") mo ment has arrived. Then I write. After which burst of unwonted candour and confidence it is only right to say (without prejudice that the 'J'clcyraph this week supplies the Incentive by lauding, yes, absolutely lauding, Mr Bird's proposal concerning tbe Education Act. * * . # The Ministerial proposal to have all private-school teachers examined and licensed by the Department of Education as a proof of competency looked like getting lost in the general mnddle. The select committee alternatively suggested an examination of all private schools by departmental inspectors. Mr Bird tried to fly the awkward jump by proposing:— That any person possessing. any of the usually recognised qualifications for the office of teacher, and also any person who, on the passing of this Act, may have been conducting a school during one or more years with a general reputation of efficiency, shall on application to the Minister ol Education be entitled to receive a license to teach, without being called upon to pass an examination. The " general reputation for efficiency " and "any of the usually recognised qualifications" are as delightfully vague as the worst" enemy of education could dedre. Which is evidently what our slip-shod legislation is aiming at. And the D.T. approves. If it is desirable that a general standard of efficiency should be maintained in private schools, that standard should be fixed by a hard and fastmethod, whether by examination of the teachers or inspection of the schools doesn't particularly matter. If education is not a matter calling for State interference—and he must be a bold individual who maintains that position now-a-days— then our educational tangle should be allowed to tangle itself more and more and our children be trained in the old sweet happy-go-lucky style unto seventy times seven. Mr Bird's proposal neither gets over the difficulty or lets it well alone; it is neither fish, flesh, fowl nor platypus, and is about the most hopeless attempt at a compromise this paper has ever ha34he bad luck to meet. • m m The'' general reputation for efficient^ " is too large and loose and offhanded for this wicked wbrld altogether, and would result in an army of anxious instructors of the young rushingaround excitedly begging for testimonials and signatures to petitions setting forth that their " general reputation for efficiency "is as good as anybody else's, and rather better. The ainount of shoe-leather' worn out in the attempt to make a reputation more general than it otherwise would be, is far beyond computation; the aspiring teacher who hadfriends at court or " influence " in high places would feel justified in agitating those friends or that political " inflnence " for all they were worth, and a new terror would be aaded to politics thereby. The "roads and bridges" member would have to be re-christened as the member for roads, bridges, and general reputatatione. Several other things would happen, but they need not be specially referred to here. And, mark you, licenses may be issued to " any person possessing any of the usually, recognised qualifications for the office of teacher." (Have the italics at my expense). So that any person,—a Hottentot, or a Hindoo, or a member of Parliament, or an alderman, or a drunkard, or an ex-policeman—having any of. the "usually tfecognised " qualifications to teach, is entitled to obtain a license ? Everyone of the above may possess one or more of the " usually recognised qualifications," in fact, it would be hard to find even a member of the Upper House who would be disqualified from setting up a school. In the vista of possibilities here opened up, a national calamity looms large and forbidding. Names needn't be mentioned, but there are some members of the Upper House who, if armed with licenss to teach the young would perform tricks before the blackboard calculated to make Squeer's turn in his grave and Dominie Sampson's ghost to ejacnlate, " Prodigious!" in a voice loud enough to . extinguish the clectric light. Moreover, what are the " usually recognised qualifications ?" Sow many of them are there, and what are they made of ? And are any of them more " usually recognised" than others? If so why, and which, and when, and how, and what for, and by whom ? One of them would probably be -that the teacher should know the alphabet. Assuming that to bs one of the " any ". qualifications referred to, then "any person", who knows the alphabet can get a license to teach if he ants to. What one is naturally dying to now is whether the man who knows the lphabet and also possesses a wooden leg, ould have any better chance of getting a license than the individual unlucky enough, no to have a set of timber toes. ' This is one of those important points on which we never seem to be able to get enough information, either in or out of Parliament. Of course a wooden leg isn't a " usually recognised qualification " for a school teacher, but as " any " in this case can mean so little, a wooden leg couldn't very well make the qualification any less, and there is a bare possibility of it being considered as an outside influence of reliable standing, BO to speak. You never can tell. • * * As it is the glorious privilege of each and every Tasmanian to hold strong individual opinions on the subject of education and school teachers, and as each and every one of them usually holds s. different set of opinions as usually as he knowB how, and as long as he can remember, it follows that nearly every citizen will decide for himself' what are " usually recognised qualifications" for a teacher, and express himself accordingly. If this doesn't breed trouble, it is nobody's business. Meantime, there are nearly 5000 Tasmanian children who never see the inside of a school of any sort, and, judging by the legislative efforts! herein re? ferred to, this highly creditable state of affairs is among those affairs of State which present politicians should on no account be allowed to handle. JOHN DBAYIIAK. 