BOSINE'S ROMANCE. "When Mica Magnolia carefully withdrew tlic v dress from tho great cedar trunk, unpinned tho ; old damask tablo cloth which enveloped it, and ;/ spread out its shining folds for tho admiration of her niece, Rosine, that young lady clasped ; her pretty hands and quoted Keats : \- " ' A tliing.of beauty is a joy for ever, " Bho said. .Miss Magnolia nodded and smiled. Sho was email and round and brown as a maidon lady of 0 decidedly certain ago could be. But her heart, which had been full of sontiraent once, was a warm and sensitive organ still. And sho took a deal of interest in Bosinc's romance. ''Yes, my dear, it is a tiling of beauty. . . And to think I never woro it but twice 1 Dear, dear 1" "You had a lover then, auntio ?" asked " Bosine. ' -."Yes, pet. This was one of the dresses I i. got for my marriage. But ho wont' away — on business, he said — and ho nevor cama back. It is just the gown for your fanoy dress hall," hurried on-Miss Magnolia. "A trifle short, of \- course, but there is quite a piece turned in at : 'the top that you could let down. You shall go as a lady of long ago." "Not so very long ago," protested Bosine, with a laugh. " But really, auntie, I don't like to take it ; it is too lovely." "Not for n raimant of war ? Bemcmber, you are going to conquer tho dragon I " "That is so. And tho master Bliould have written, 'Thrice is she armed who wears a pretty dress.' " Tho foe against whom Miss Bosino "Wilde purposed arraying herself was tho obdurato uncle of her handsomo lovor. Ho had promptly and. porversely opposed the mumago of his nephew. Tho young fellow would have ignored the refusal of his rolativo were it not that tho \- old gentleman had always been vory kind to him ; had, indeed, taken the place of his dead father. So he had decided that Bosine should meet his uncle, and put his prejudice to rout. 1' He is coming to visit nn old friend of his,'' Cyril had said— "Judge Chartrcau. You know tho Chartrcau family. Of course you have hoard tlioy are going to give a fanoy dress ball next month in honor of tho coming of their daughter Lisctte. Yon will rccoivo a card. Yon will attend. You will meet Uncle Albert, and you will tako his heart by storm ! " Hopefully he had planned his scheme ; en thusiastically had ho explained it. But Bosino protested. It was to bo a grand hall, and she had nothing to wear. Besides, sho did not liko the idea of plotting to mako a person like her. Ami — " Bless you 1" cried Cyril, " he docen t dialiko you. I don't believe ho oven knows your name. h ig resentment is general, not particular. As Boon as I told him I was in love with a southern girl, he— ho (I have to drop into slang, Bosine)— he sat square down on me. It seems ft southern girl jilted him when he was young, and he is bound to save mo from a liko awful fate. But when ho once sees you ho is bound to capitulate. He is a regular old brick— Uncle Albert!" , , , . "But I have nothing to wear. And what is more, I cannot buy a dress for tbo Cbartreau ball. "Wo — Aunt Magnolia and I— arc as poor ft3 the proverbial church mice." But just then Miss Magnolia came to Rosino's relief, like a regular little fairy god-mother. "The very thing I" she cried— "my primrose satin." Bosino regarded her dubiously, dpligbtodlyr Sho knew her aunt liad always guarded, jealously, her trunkful of treasures, her jpytelft,' het'laccu, her rich, stiff, glistening old Mocadca. "Do you mean it, nuntio?' J > r- " Miss Mngnolin's bright old eyes. wb&pTfcry-; rapidly indeed. "I do, my dear. I was young oncpuniyself. And that was how Bosino Wilde" came to be' tho hello of Mino. Chartreau's fancy-dress ball. (Tho proposed festivity had been tbo talk of Now Orleans for several weeks. Tho night long anticipated was cool, crisp, sweet and pearly. The broad balconied old rcsidcnco of St. Charles Btreet was brilliantly lighted up. Many a car riage rolled up, rolled off. Whcu Bosino descended from tho barouche of her chaperon, she felt Bomewhat nervous, though conscious flhc was looking remarkably well — as, indood, she was. Quite a picture was tho pretty young figure in tho clinging gown of pule yellowish Bstin, picturesquely puffed and quaintly fashioned. The corsage, cut roundly, revealed tho firm, full throat. Dainty mouueakin Bwatlied the arms, which, if slender, were also exquisitely rounded, and the small, olive- tinted faco was lit to loveliness by pansy black eyes. A flash of adoration succeeded the screno nonchalance of CyrilRodnoy's countenance as ho caught sight of her. He made his way to her side. " Queen Bosino !" he murmured. "You're by for the prettiest girl here to-night. Poor TJnclo Albert? How complete will bo his surrender ?" She swept him a mocking courtesy " Ah 1" she Baid, smilingly, " if that convic tion wore hut mino — " Tho sentence ended in a long, Boft sigh. . Si tcpasgagne," he began. "Confound it, 1 never can get my tonguo around your Creole- Isms ! The saying is, however, that if there woro no sighing in tho world tho world would gtifie. Now prepare to face the music I" Apd off he went. Ho soon returned. By his side was a sturdy old gentleman. Bosinc's heart beat more rai>idly. "Tho dragon ! ' sho said. Silvery hair had tbo dragon. A dark moa- tacho had tho dragon. A florid complexion had tho dragon. And a manner that was grave. Uncle Albert," 'explained Cyril; ' eagerness, "this is Miss Bosine Wilde." ' ' " Wilde 1" The old gentleman startod per ceptibly. He looked at tbo blushing girl, at tho yellowish gown. Ho bowed. "And," avowed young Hodnoy, Bonding hia Bweothearfc a swift smile of encouragement, "and— tho young lady of whom I spoke to you." "Oh 1" exclaimed Albert Ellsworth. Then, interrogatively. " Wilde ? Was your father's name Clayton Wilde?" Bosino assented. " And your mother's maidon name was Magnolia Kingaley V "Oh, dear, no 1 Aunt Magnolia was never married. My mother's name was Made lino Kingsloy." " lib 1" cried tho dragon. Tbo florid color had faded from hor checks. Ho was tugging nervously at his dftTk mos- tache. He looked agitated and perplexed. "My mother died 10 years ago," said Bosino, " ami since then I liavo lived with Aunt Magnolia. Mr. Ellsworth regarded hor grimly. "Is that," ho naked abrux»tly, "your aunt's gown jou have on ?" Tbo soft rose fire in tbo girl's cheek deep ened. "How in tho world did you know?" sho counter questioned. A queor wavering Bmilo was bis only reply. A constrained silcnco ensued. Cyril gave his uncle an astonished glance. " So Magnolia is an old maid ?" said hlr. Ells worth abruptly, "If sho is, oriod Bosine, Btung to defonco by a remark sho considered rude, "it is because Blio was true to an unworthy lover." "Eh !" ejaculated Mr. Ellsworth more sharply than before. And suddenly ho turned and walked away. Tho following day ho insisted on accompany ing his ncplicw to tho gaunt, ramshackle, onco aristocratic old houso in the French quarter where Bosine lived. As they were passing the vaulted entrance to tho little flagged courtyard, Albert Ellsworth caught sight of a familiar figure moving among tho potted palms ami boxes of blooms. "Go on, lad!" he Baid to Cyril. He had paused, and was looking through the brief avenuo of gloom to the brightness beyond. Cyril was about to question this now vagary when tho thought of a peculiar possibility made him catch his breath and do ns bidden. He knocked at the barred back door and was ad mitted to Bosinc's radiant presence. And mean while his unclo went into tho courtyard. Tho little old _ lad j' standing by tbo banana tree looked up at the sound of tbo step on tbo stones. "Magnolia !" ho cried. Blioa Magnolia gazed at him in a dazed, half- frightened way. Did ghosts over appear in tho daytime? Stouter than ho whom Bho liad known, and with hair grown grey, but tho same. Around her, in a fantastic dance, tho broken fountain, tho long-leaved banana trSe and the; giant oleanders went whirling. Sho didn't faint, but sho camo nearer to it than sho over , had come in her lifo. " Did you tliink I had deserted you, Mag nolia ? "When I loft you to go North on busi ness, I believed in you as I'vo never believed in anyone sinoe. And while away I heard and read that you had married that young Wilde I used to bo so icalous of. So I wont to Europo, and I stayed there." "But Clayton Wildo married Madeline. I always told you ho came to oeo ber." " Yes, I know that — now. I was a fool to have been so easily convinced of your falsity. You haven't changed a hit. I know you tho moment I Raw you. Misff Magnolia smiled delightedly. Sho did not know he had expected to seo her. " I never forgot tho dress you wore tho last time I saw you, doclarcd Mf. Ellsworth, wax ing fervent. " I recognised it on your nioco last night." "Last night? Are you — surely you are not the dragon r "Wha-atr "Tho — the dragon I" faltered Miss Mag nolia. Mr. Ellsworth still looked blank. "That," murmured the little lady, feeling sho was in for it, and might as well mako a clean breast, "was what Bosine and I called Cyril's uncle. And BoBino was going to conquor him." Ho burst out laughing. " Well, fllio did. Tho boy shall marry Made line's pretty daughter. And you, Magnolia, you'll marry mo!" "Oh, dear, no; I'm too old!" "Not a day." "And ugly — now." "Loveliest woman in the world to me/' insisted tho dragon, loyally. "Bless you, my children," cried a voico from abovo. — The pair in the court yard glanced up. On one of the inuer balconios stood Bosine and Cyril. "Vanish, you scamps," roared tho dragon. "I shan't allow you to marry a southern girl, shouted back Cyril, as ho and Bosine beat jr-brisK retreat. ""Laughing and breathless, thoy faced caoh othe"r'in;ihe old drawingroom. " Everything is ; Wvcly, sweetheart !" cried CyriL in au ecstasy. — Pduiistftar Home Journal, 