THE ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. A meeting of tlio council of tile Zoological Society was helil yesterday at the gardens. Mr. TV. A. 13. Greaves presided, and there were present Messrs. Charles Moore, Wm. Coles, James Barnet. and Captain Ghost. Tho secretary (Mr. W. II. Catlott) reported that i_ , iys lwl "a<1 been paid into the City Bank of Sydney to the credit of the society by the Colonial Treasurer on January 16\. Mr. Catlett also reported that cheques had been signed sinco last meeting amounting to £111 ids Sd. and that the bank passbook showed a credit balance of £709 15s 71. Ac counts amounting to £115 4s 2d were author ised for payment yesterday. The receipts at the gates for the five weeks ending February 6 were £187 la 3d; from the elephants, £9 3s fid; and from the donkev and pony. £2 19s, making a total of £199 3s 91. The gate money represented the admission of 6967 visitors, 2 GOO of whom were adults, and 4367 children, ('apt. A. Ferguson, A.D.C. to his Excellency tho Governor, was elected a life follow of the socie ty. A letter was read from Mr. F. T. Murray, resident engineer, Public Works Department, stating that Mr. F. Dixon, of Port Said, had written to ask whether any animals could bo got In Now South WaJes for the Cairo Zoolo gical Gardens, and whether the New South Walea society could assist the Cairo society, either by the exchange of animals or by procuring and forwarding native animals. Tho council recommended that the sum of £20 should bo placed at Mr. Catlett's disposal to purchaso such birds aud animals as he might conslderablo ideelrable for exchange with Cairo. Mr. James Inglls wroLe, expressing his unfeigned regret at feeling it necessary to resign his seat on the council. It was decided to ask Mr. Inglis to reconsider his determina tion to resign. The hon. secretary reported the death of the elephant Jumho on January 18, and stated that the skin and skeleton had been sont to die Museum, It was also repor ted that on© lioness had killed another lioness confined in tho same cage. 