AT THE BATTLE OF FLOWERS. I was lolting on one of the wooden seats, and basking in the morning sunshine on La Croisette at Cannes. It was five or six years ago. The blinds of the white-fronted Cercle Nsutique were carefully drawn,to protect the complexions of the one or two elderly members reading the newspapers in the big room; the little enclosure in front of the club was encumbered with mounetains of cane-bo!tomed chairs, to be used when the military hand played in the afternoon: nlmpelmeyer' , best and most expensive of aftlernon ite-haunts. ulumberrd in the sun light ; and from the depths of a grove of palms and orange tress in the garden of the Grand Ho'el the drowsy burden of a Neopolitan song was wafted on the warm air. The sea sparkled and flashed ; the yellow sunlight on the road and the walls of the garden's made one's eyes ache. Near in by the narrow harbour, and out by the green islands, the little pleasure boats which are peculiar to Cannes tacked and turned like sea birds sk:mming over the blue waters. Prosently an old gentleman who was sitting at the other gad of the bench began to talk to me. He was grey-haired and dietinguisbed-looking. and wore the small red ribbon of the Legion of Honour in the button-hole of his tight-fitting frock-coat. Ile was not a Frenchman, however, although an old resident in Cannes. He told me a number of interesting facts connected with the town in the early days of its popularity. But what interested me moot was his story relating to the big white villa on our left. It was a large house standing back from the dusty road behind two iron gates and a low stone wall. There was a grass-sown lawn be tween the carriage drive and the parapet of the wall ; and two or three big palms, the highest trees on the Croisette, threw their black shadows upon the rows of closely shuttered windows. It was a solidly-built,stately kind of house, but in the staring front and shuttered windows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed out to me. " You notree that it is unoccupied, although the season is at its height," he remarked. " It is ten years now sines anyone lived there, and I doubt very much if it will ever be occupied again. There are people who say that it is haunted." " And is it haunted ?" I asked, * Perhaps it is haunted for the owners," he replied enigmatically. " Have you happened to remark the carvings on the gates? No ! Well, if you look, you will see the Imperial Eagles of Russia on both gates. The place belongs to the Imperial Family-to one of the Grand Dukes. " Haented !" he repeated. " If it is so and who shall say that such things may not be, sir ?-it is haunted by -the ghost of a very beautiful and very. unhappy. lady-the last person who ever lived within those walls, sir. She was quite young-two or three and twenty -with the splendid dark hair and glorious eyes of the women of the South of France. Tall and slender, gracious and graceful, in good health, she must have been one of the handsomest women in Europe. When I saw her, disease had already dulled the lustre of her eyes end hollowed the fullness of h;r face. I can remem member her sad smile of welcome, when I was first shown into her presence, as well as if it was yesterday. She was lying on a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in one of the front rooms looking out over the bay, and the elderly dame de compagnie who had summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word of explanation as to the nature of her complaint. "' Am I. so ill as they say, Doctor ?' she asked in a low sweet voice. * Do not be afraid to tell me the truth.' " It was not a pleasant question to answer. I may say, that at this time I had some slight reputation for my method of treating chest cues-I have long since ceased to practice-and tbr.emoold be .. dnnt tant thea-? --r ch«ht trouble here. I made'my examination : bope less-the lungs going like dry paper in a red fire, and a consuming fever to fan the fatal flame. It was the horribly rapid destruction of a naturally strong constitntion that had received a death-blow. She was doomed. Ot course I did not tell her o ; bat i enjoyed absolute quiet and the greatest care, making a cheerful allusion to the healing powers of the sunny days in store for us, now that a windy February was nearly over. " ' Shall I be well enough to be out on the day of the Battle of Flowers ?' she asked. ' It in on on the 14th of March, you know.' " I told her that this must depend on her caution and patience. Then I promised to come to see her again and went out with the elderly, grey-haired companion. You may imagine that I put a good number of questions to this grare-visaged lady. It is essential to a phynsi isan to be acquainted with the history of the case on which his advice is sought-the begin ning of the evil, its course and so forth. But precious little assistance did I obtain. My beautiful patient had evidently foshidden her dependent to give me any information. She had no friends or relations, I was told, who could be summoned to the rick-bed. She wns living alone in the big villa, with newly engaged servants to wait upon her, and not a soul to cheer her through the long dull days of illness but the taciturn companion. " Well, sir, I made my way straight to the house-agents and bankers, determined to find out all tist was possible concerting the matter. The agent-an exceedingly able and obliging gentlcman-would tell me everylhing he knew. Oddly enough he knew nothing. " 'You ask who and what is Madame Gregory, the terant of the Villa St. Marguer ite,' said my friend, 'I wish to heaven you could tell us ! WVe know no more than the man in the moon. All I can tell you is-she is fabu lously rich, and she has got as into a lot of trouble, and lost us an account which we highly prized.' " It appeared that early in the autumn the agent was instructed by the Imperial owners to find a tenant for the villa. .lJust about Christmas this 3Madame Gregory appliedi for it; a provisional agreement was made-the negotia tions to be held open for a few days. In those few day came a derpatch from St. Petershburg saying that the Grand Duke himself meant to occupy the house with his youeg bride. The sgents tried to break off the agreement, but could not do so. They had let the villa. but the price was notrtyet settled. S they deter mined to get rid of Madame Gregory by making a preposterous demand. They named an absurdly large sumo ; the lady agreed to it with out a word of exp-stulation, and the contract had to be signed. The Grand Dake, it seemed. was furious, and an Imperial--nsd imperious \--cliant was lost to the agency. *'Now, sir, )ou will herdly credit it, but for three weeks I attended my lovely patient, for three weeks I played the part of a private detectire, questioning servants, tradesncen, e-.: for three weeks I enjoyed a growing fricd ship with my poor charge-witbout, in the slightelst degree, piercing the mystery which surrounded her. " It cut me to the heart to watch this beauti ful young creature fading away, alone and friendless--to realise that she was unhappy, that some crushing sorrow was fighting againso the young life, side by side with the fell disease -and yet to have nb clue to lighten the dark ness abouther. Who can minister to a mind diseased ? I had a thousand suspicios, but cever once made a goess within leagues af the oruth, until one day chance lifted the veil. : I was sittiUg by her bedside, willingly _astin; an hour in the eodeavour to brighten the sotmbre mwnctony of her long days by a hItlo gesspip of the c'ntsids world, when-as she moved rrsth sl y-there n 11 fro! fre neath her pillow a hIeavy trinket. I stooped to pick i up, and involuntarily examined it. '! It wao ai exOquisite gold-framed miciattre pet sith preciuus stoues,and surmountrd by the Imperial prown of Russia in brilliants. But it wta the face-the man' face in the miniature -that startled me so violently. I murmured the man's name as I handed the trinket back to her trembling hands. '" Yes. It is the Grand Duke Gregory Gregorovich of Russis. and-my husband,' she said slowly, and then eurst into a torrent of tears. The companion hastened to her side, bdgging and praying her to compose herself and to say no more. " But I said. ' My poor ch;ld, tell me every thing. Look at my greyhairs : I am old enough to be your father. And are not doctors the priests of modern life ? Confers yourself to me, and let me helpl) you if I can.' " Well, then, sir, little by little her story came out-a story so common that you, as a man of the world, will probably hive beard many similar. I will give you the briefest out line, though, to me, the unhappy girl poured out her whole heart. end filled in every little detail of her romancewith the marvellous power which comes only from deep feeling. " Thin Russian was a scoundrel-a cowardly, cold-planning villain. I can't help being warm, sir. IHe canme to Algiers on a Russian man-of war, at the time when the girl's father, a great French contractor, was engagel on the barbour works, and the family were living in a big villa above the town. The sailor-prince deliberately set himself to win the girl's heart. The weeks rolled by, the ship should long ego have sailed, but the Royal commandelcr lingered. One night they were married-solemnly. formally married -in their own names, before the French consul at Algiers. The girl had no shade of doubt as toe the validity of the contract ; the man knew that it was absolutely worthless. That, sir, is Russi 's Imperial emetlhod of seduction. '5 Then followed desertion, reuscs, lies, sad. finally,theintimation that the Czar had refused his ratification of the union. Disgraced sand dishoroured,her father and mother dying of the bitter shame, the poor creature found her way to St. I'etersburg, to plead her cause with the great tyrant, and arered only to find the man who had ruined her on the eve of solemnising his marriage with another woman. " She was estndeng in the snow. outride the church, and the bridegroom saw hler, and his face turned pale as he passed in to rerds the high altar. Sie was standing in the snow, out side the palace, while the marriage feast pro creded. Someone saw tIhe desolate black figure from the palace windows. An order was given; and she was driven away by the Imperial Guards at the point of the bayonet. " ' I shall see him once again, Doctor,' she said. ' Look you, the newspapers say he will be here before the first Battle of Flowers. Ite wanted to bring her to this house. He does not guess who is his tenant.' " I soothed her as well as I could. I knew now why she clting to the idea of being out for the Battle of Flowers, and I let her think she would be well enough to be present, though I knew there would be no chance of it. " Now see how strangely Providence, Fate, blind chance-call it what you will - orders things to pass. I shall never forget that 14th of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white dust was whirling along the Croisette one of those horrible March days which we sometimes have here. I was taking my little niece to see the flower battle, and she was de lighted with the music of the band, the beauti fully decorated carriages, the ramn of bloeroms when parties of friends passed each other ; while I was shivering, and wondering at the folly and extravagance of the whole business. " My little niece and I passed this very seat, sir, and had reached that further palm, when shouts and chleering further down attracted my attention to an approaching vehicle. In a momrnt I recrgnised the splendid black'horses -Romanoffs-and the. gaudy liveries of the servants. The wheels and body of the harouche, the harness of the horses aml box-saat were hidden by a thick covering of white flowers lilies-of-the-valley, white lilac, tuberoses-the monst expensive flowers, costing thousands and success of the afternoon. It had won the first prize- a gorgeous silk banner-and the Grand Duke Gregory and his fair young bride were in the most affable humonr, howing and laughing and flower-throwing with the greatest energy. " Precisely where I was standing a block occurred. The while carriage came to a stand still. Instinctively I looked across the road to the Villa St. tlarguerite. To my horror and amazement my patient was standing in the gar den, with her hands on the low wall, staring with fixed eyes into the Royal carriage. Sud denly he. saw her, started to his feet amid the mass of blossom, and stood staring back at the woman he had wronged with a look of deadly terror in his heavy face.. Then I saw her lift a bouquet in her hand ; but at the same moment a convulsive fit of roughing seized her. She staggered and reeled, held the white flowers to her mouth, and in an instant they were red, then hurled them in the man's face, and fell back into the companion's arms, while the car riage rolled on, and the bride and bridegroom the llies and the lilac, were spattered and stained by her life's blood. Yes, sir, it was fine, was it not ? shall never forget it. She was dead before I had crossed the road and en tered the garden. Sudden hbemorrbage, ke. "·She was buried in the cemetery over yonder -a huge white sarcopthagus, dominating the hill and the harbour-weought tto be able to see it from where we sit-and deeply cut on one face of it (the fare which points to Russia) were the plain words, ' Here lies '-I won't tell you the name-' lawful and only wife of Greg ory Gregororitch,Grand ]Duke and Arch-Traitor of Russia,. That ,as all. But the Czar beard of that inscription, made streecols representa tions, and the French Government offered syco phantic spologies, and chiselled it out-cut it clean away;so tha t if you go to the cemetery and look at the great white tomb, eou will see no word or syllable to tell you it marks the reatitg place of a deeply-wronged woman. " ult I have weariedl you with this narrative. Sir, I have the honour to wish you good meorg ing."-" The oWor:d." 