THE WRONG MAN. BY OHAMPION BIBBELL. OCHAPTER I. ELLEN WOLCOTT, one smiling morning of June, was slowly pacing the side walk in front of her father's house on Prospect?stroet in Hartford. The at mosphere of the house was oppres sive, Ellen was tired of her flower garden, and it was a relief to take the air on the open street under the shade of elms whose boughs formed a Gothic roof.over her head, exchang ing good mornings with neighbours who were tending rosebushes on their front lawns, and glancing pp and down the street as if expecting some one. June-in the Connecticut Valley is a charming month. The coolness of spring-lingers in the air, but the days are long, sweet with the perfume of roses and syringas, heralded by long drawn dawnings, and ushered into the gates of night by almost endless twi lights. In June the curtain rises upon the lovely grand opera of sum mer, the first act of which is lull of sweetness and light. The warmth of the northern sun is balmy, the vegetation refreshes all the senses, there are as yet no burning, debili tating heats; Nature is' a new birth and fills the soul with joy. Then come the pleasures of outdoor life; morning and evening rides among the dewy lanes; trouting trips to the clear ' brooks that so numerously channel the hillsides, when, starting out with the first break in the warm dark of the sky, you toss your fly into the sparkling ripple at sunrise. The beauty and freshness of this particular morning, and rich vitality and abundant health of the young woman, and the ensemble of the sur roundings, made a charming picture. And so it seemed to the eyes of a young man who came iito the street from the more populous'thoroughfare that led to the railway station. As he walked rapidly toward the Wolcott mansion his face took on an eager ex pression, and he was gladdened by the unmistakable smile that appeared upon the young lady's features as she permitted herself tooverpass her own sidewalk to 'that of the Spensers, in order to meet her visitor. The two young people shook hands, -and then said EUllen, ' Why, whathas brought you to Hartford from your desk in New York ?' 'Oh, well, it's quite a little story, but suppose we take a cosy seat in the summer house. No earwigs there, I suppose ?' SEarwigs are only a superstition,' said the girl, laughing; 'nobody ever saw one, much less liad them in the ear. A great many mischievous things get in there, but earwigs never.' 'I won't dispute you. We didn't have a chance at entomology at New Haven. The faculty skimped us, I'm afraid, in that respect. Now I think if I knew more about bugs," and creepers and things, it would be fruit.' ' Oh, Edgar, haven't you dropped your college slang yet, and almost a year graduated? Why, you remind me of the way the juniors talked to me at the Prom. last winter.' The young man laughed. 'Well, let "Prom." offset "fruit," and we'll say ~o more about it. And I'll tell you why I am up here among the semi- rusticities of this celebrated and S altogether charming old town, which, as you doubtless know, is the State Capitol, and stands or sits at the head of sloop navigation on the Connecti cut.' 'Cousin EdTgar, what a goose you are.' The relations of these two young people are to be explained. Grandfathers Wolcott and Manning had been oousins. The Mannings went to western New York and be came rich in land and poor.in money. SThe Wolcot's remained in Hartford Sand,. acquiring but little land, founj upon their bands year by year a con stantly increasing mass of negotiable securities and balances in the bank. When Edgar M]anning came to Yale at 17, he knew of the existence of his cousin thrice removed, but her per sonality was as dim to him as was that of Junius to the Edglish public. Not until his junioryear did the cousins meet. It was during Promenade week, and while the young woman, who was then a conspicuous bud in the garden of girls into whose gay parterres the students find them solves let loose during this tumul tuously festive week, discovered her self to be much followed, she per mitted her cousin the freest sunshine of [her presence. 'I think we shall get on very well together, Cousin AEdgar,' said she to him one evening as they were seated in a bay window abutting upon Church-street. ' Let us not exhaust all our 'admiration upon the "dauntless mind of infancy."' What is bolder in its unconscious innocence than the untrained faculties of the maiden bud, when, without knowing it, she adopts the language of the hardened and veteran flirt. Going so far she went further, and found opportunity to give the young man various pieces of good advice about his studies, which he received with much outward thinkfulness and inward amusement. But the effect remained. During the re mainder of the course he mater ially improved his average marking, and graduated among the first third, and with a 'Townsend' prize. He also obtained a special mention for excellence in mathematics, in, which branch of science he went so far as to flatter himself that he had made material discoveries in Conic Sections. He was undeceived when, a week later, his professor smilingly told him that the same deductions were to be found among the exploded theorems of the almost forgotten Greek, Apol lonius of Perga. During his senior year, which, in the case of the collegian who is in society, is the haymaking season of Cupid, although the crop is likely to share the fate of transgressors so warningly described by Dr. Wattis, and be 'cut down and withered in an hour,' these young people frequently met. It was clear to Ellen Wolcott that her cousin regarded her with senti mental longing, and she.enjoyed the study of his feelings, which were in deed unmistakable. A clever girl knows at once when a young man is trying to appear at his best in her society. For a concrete expression of such endeavour in a humbler type of nature, watch the male pigeon as he circles about the dove with whom it is his ambition to mate. He seems to increase in bulk, his plumage takes on additional lustre, and if one could translate the language of his more or less melodious cooings, one would doubtless hear tales of his prowess in the fields of love and war that would stagger credulity. And while this little comedy is being enacted, the object of these attentions is deeply considering whether she shall be seated on the nest to which these blandishments lead, and whether the glittering braggart will well and faith fully purvey for her, and for the golden couplets that may be disclosed, so that there shall be no lack of the nutritious oats or barley without which even pigeon love languishes or dies. The young lady now sitting in the summer-house, conveniently near her cousin for the purposes of a cazuserio, had not yet formulated in her mind any plan for a defence. She felt sure that no definite attack was intended. The affair, so far, was merely a case of drift, such as in the infinite world of possibilities might set in any one' of innumerable directions. That she was desired she knew, because she knew that she was desirable. She was more than an ordinarily pretty girl to whom nature gives blooming complexion, white teeth and luxuriance of form, especially when well nourished and not yet withered by champagne and late hours. Her charms, she was superbly conscious, soared above prettiness into the realms of the beau tiful. She reminded herself.often, in her chamber, of the rosy sylphs whom Detti and Falero love to depict, throned in the sky among the planets, amid wreaths of impossible clouds glowing with celestial fire. And although of Puritan descent, and brought up in the strait-laced orthodoxy of Calvanistic Congre gationalism, she often permitted her imagination to wander among certai. roseate realms such as are per mitted to feminine fancy. She fol lowed in her day-dreams the triumphal march of the American girl who allies herself with noble families of Europe, whom artists paint, and poets sing into present fame and possible immor tality. Even the goddesses of the footlights are studied and often en vied by the delicately nurtured maiden of cold New England. The sun shines as glowingly on one as on the other, and why should one air herself in gorgeous plumage on the hill sum mits while the other passes un noticed with dull grey feathers in the valley ? The young girl also remembered with a thrill of satisfaction that she was to be rich at a not very distant date. Wilcott pire was one of the most opulent bankers in the Con necticut Valley. Ellen knew enough about finance to know.that railway bonds were not apt to take unto them selves wings and fly away, and she was' in the habit of assisting her father to cut off coupons amounting. to something like sixty thousand dollars each year. Her mother told her that thei family expenses were about ten thou sand. There must then be a yearly addition of fifty thousand, which, being reinvested in such productive soil, went steadily on in the glorious march of compound interest. 'Uncle Shelmire tells me papa is a million aire,' she soliloquized, 'but I think he is twice that, and since brother Harry and I are to share alike, we shall have a million apiece. Much as they talk about the New York girls, I don't think many of them really have much over a million as their own particular share. One can do a great deal of good with that much, and travel, and see all the beautiful sights of the world, and perhaps marry a real Prince, just as if it was a fairy tale.' Let no one imagine thiat this was a mercenary young woman.: In re ality she was a warm-hearted, pure minded, affectionate maiden, of New England habitudes, full of zeal for the Church, de vout at her prayers, and free from all affectations. She admired all beautiful things, music, flowers, birds, the aspects of Nature, winter morniings and summer evenings, the tumblings of the sea and the lofty repose of Northern mountains. If you had gained access to her writing desk, you would have found numerous sketches oflandscapes and surf-torn beaches, mostly unfinished, yet showing?a lov ing, touch; and not a few beginnings of odes and sonnets, destined never to be completed. ' Why should I toil to finish these verses ?' she would say. 'They are too good to go into the newspapers along with the production of every Sarah Jane who varies the labors of the ironing-table, or the typewriter, by scribbling her mock sentiment in imperfect rhymes.' . . This was the single- hearted, sin cere, and yet extremely complex example of young womanhood to whom Edgar Manning, Esq., A.B., in the perfume-laden atmosphere of a semi-rural arbor in the month of June, was about to explain his coming into the New England hills. And the longer he sat and gazed at the beautiful presence over against him, suffused with that light which was partly her own and partly cast around her by his ardent imagination, the less he felt inclined to break the spell by spoken words. And there came into his znemory that passage from the Book of Genesis: ' And it came to pass that when the sons of God saw the daughters of men and that they were exceeding fair, &c.;' 'Now what I am her for, in addi tion to the pleasure of seeing you' 'Oh, thank you; cousin.' 'Is briefly this. You know I am studying law in the office of Chevarts, BoatA, and Sleeman.' • 'What funny names !' ' Yes, eminent lawyers are apt to have funny names. You know that most of them come in from rural dis tricts; and when their obituaries are written for the morning papers, it is usually stated that they came to New York as barefoot boys.' 'I don't believe that.' 'I honour your discernment. It is not true as a rule. But it goes. Just like the old and time-honoured gag, "' Born of poor, pious, but honest parents !" Never mind that now. Being junior clerk and student with eminent lawyers is not especially re munerative. The head clerk managing clerk they call him-is lucky if he gets twenty dollars a week. Many of them, good fellows too, some of 'em married, put up with ten. So you may fancy what my emoluments are. fhis compelsex cursions into journalism. But here the competition is tremendous, and an outsider like myself only has specula tive chances.' 'What is a speculative chance ?' 'I'm going onto tell you. I'm a semi detached writer and.explorer for the Daily Reaper. Now ana then some particularly horrible murder is perpe trated in the rural districts. The rural district murders are usually the most grisly, the least artistic, and the most brutal of all. They are not profes sional. Now nobody is so needlessly, so shockingly brutal as your amateur country murderer, and the Connecti cut murderers are the most brutal and bloody of the lot.' 'Oh, cousin Edgar, you make my flesh creep.' ' Yes, like the ghost in Hamlet, "I could a tale unfold whose lightest word, &c;,' Now you have certainly heard of the tragedy that lately turned up on the Talcott M[ountains ?' Where the daughter of one of the farmers was found dead in her father's pasture lot?' / 'Exactly, last week. You couldn't. help.hearing'of it. The murderer left no clews, of course. That's what your rural police said. But it isn't true. Murderers always leave clews., When the affair is fresh these "clews can be found if one goes to work in the right way. Of course this case is beyond the purview of the New York police, and 'they take no' inter est in it, except to sniff at the methods adopted by the local autho rities. But our paper prides itself on ferreting out these outside tragedies. This ferreting is done on speculation, no cure no pay, beyond actual ex pensese. But if I find the villain, the rewards from the Journal and the State will reach into the thousands.' 'Ferreting out crime in the interests of society at so much a ferret ?' 'fTo be conttinud.) 