CYCLING. [BY WHEELS.] FIXTURES. MAY. 25—-Oatlands Cycling Club meeting. Posters issued next week- Secretary Edgar is making the dust fly. Competitors expected from all parts of Tasmania. Some poor silly fools belonging to the St. Kilda (Vic.) Council have managed to make themselves supremely ridiculous by bringing before a Municipal Conference a draft of pro- posed bye-laws for the purpose of regulating the cycle traffic of that great city. Here are a few of the wise suggestions of the St. Kilda councilldors. (Save the mark) :— A "continuous" bell should be attached to every bicycle. A number not less than one inch in diameter should be displayed by every cyclist on his or her person. Every cyclist should be registered or branded (presumably on his or her person). Not more than two cyclists shall ride abreast. No bicycles should be allowed tc remain in the street while the cycler transacted his or her business in office, shop, or warehouse. That every time a vehicle was passed a bell, whistle, or horn should be sounded. That bicycles be made collapsible, so that on meeting a restive cab horse they may be folded up and carried past without offending the horse's eye. Great Caesar's ghost! What Daniels come to judgment. The Yarra Bend and Kew asylums must be pretty full, or such cranky idiots wouldn't be at large. I would earnestly suggest that the Melbourne Wheelmen start a subscription at once for the purpose of purchasing a little " sense " for the City Fathers of St. Kilda. (Horse sense, or cycle sense ?—ED.) It will no doubt come as a surprise to those who are constantly agitating for the suppression of the cycle traffic, that the statistical returns of Great Britain for the year ending 30th Decem- ber,1895, conclusively prove that the bicycle is the least dangerous of all the road vehicles. During the twelve months tram-cars are credited with 55 deaths, horses 252, traction engines 15, perambulators 4. other road vehicles 1166, bicycles 21, showing that, notwithstanding the countless thousands of bicycles in use every day, the number of fatal accidents caused by them, (including accidents while training, racing and touring) are actually less than l½ per cent, of the whole. The Twenty-five Miles Championship of Vic- toria was run off on Saturday, and was won by young Malcolm M'Lean, who proved both game and fast, and beat Martin, the American, who had to be content with second pIace. Time, lhr 11min 34 2.5 secs. The first ten miles were covered in 26min 25secs, and twenty miles in 54min 17secs. M'Lean received a great ovation, and well deserved it, as he paced for 78 laps but of the 125. Speaking of M'Lean reminds me of our own Mac—M'Cann. With two or three riders like M'Cann in a race, there would be no need of pacemakers or lap prizes. Mac does shake 'em up. Speaking of M'Cann brings to mind the Championship and the miserable attempts that have been made to detract from Barker's per- formance. It is significant, however, that both his doughty opponents—Crisp and Hallam—and all the racing men give him credit for his splendid win. I have been heartily amused during the week at the brazen conceit of a few individuals, who scarcely know the front from the back wheel of a bike, but who, nevertheless, have: taken it upon themselves to find fault with the want of judgment shown by Crisp and Hallam, loudly asserting that had they been in the place of the Southern Champions the race would have been vastly different. I quite believe that they would have been further behind. Some people are always trying to teach their grandmothers to suck eggs! Want of judgment, forsooth. You take it from me, my knowing friends, what Hallam and Crisp don't know about cycle racing " is not worth knowing," there. Several of the racing men have I believe, already made up their minds to race at Oatlands on the 25th. Beaconsheld and Devonport are busy laying down tracks, so things look pretty healthy for the warm weather. Says an American parson: " I find my bicycle indispensable. It is my tonic, carriage, street car, vacation and gymnasium. For six years we have been friends, and now the tie binds so strongly that we can never part, either in this world or the next, never." Indeed! Peter might have something to say in the matter, though. What do you think ? What, between " road hogs," vicious drivers, and downright stupid people, who will persist in getting in the way, the poor cyclist has a pretty lively time of it. If you run into a lady, as I did the other week, And come off in the mud yourself, and lacerate you cheek, And she serves you with a summons, and you go before the " beak,"— He will fine you half-a-sovereign And the costs. If you're riding in the city, and a party knocks you down, And you ask his name and residence, and stop to put it down. You'll be brought before His Worship, who'll regard you with a frown, And he'll fine you twenty shillings And the costs. 