3 NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. T __ i THE MASTER CRAFTSMAN. , I BY SIR WALTER BESANT, M.A., . Author of "All Sort, anil Condition, of ' M.n," " Herr Faulu.," " Tho World Want Vary Wall Thon," "In Deacon. Ord.ra," <to. (all r1qhts reserved. Chaptsr XXV.— (Continued.) Ono bus ..on tho pnmion of love represented on the etngo, with exaggeration, a> wo think everything on tho a'aga must be exaggerated. Ono ha. read of the p.s.ion of love in tho older poots, 'with thoir own flames, and darte, and ewoons, and fierce consuming fires, ana «ostatio3, ana raptures — exaggeration, wo say. Ono read, of lovo in modern novoie, and semotimes w. ask how thceo writer, can net down tho oxaggoratlon of passion with whioh they do sometimes rogale their reader.. Henco- forth I d.elare that I shall nover witness a love scene on tbo Btago ; novar road an Elizabethan lovo poem ; never road a bnrning page in a novel, and be ahlo to oall it exaggeration. Bcoause tho oonfeealon, tha Rceno, the mono logue, tbo unfolding of a heart whioh now I witnessed proved to mo that thero can bo no oxaggoratlon in poots and dramatists. Poets cannot get beyond tho hounds of possibility in love. They spolto of flames and fires, beoaus there' are no words with whioh to speak of the pasiion whioh may sometime s.ize and hold tbo heart. Not only in tho noblor natures, in the etrongest mon, and in tho mon who have nevor known before the smarting of lovo, nor wasted tho passion that ie in them on objoots un worthy. This man, hitherto so oold to love, so con temptuous of womon, now raged about the room like a oagod wild beast. It seems a breeoh of oonfidonco only to hint at, his broken voice, his distorted face, his features aflame, bnt half ashamed, while ho oonfesscd tho passion whioh possessed him. " George !" ho cried, " I worship hor. Yes, for every quality thac she possesses — for her quloknoss, for hor sympathy, for her insight, tor her beauty, for all, for all, I warship hor." "You do well," I said, weakly. But he regarded not what I said. " Good heavens !" he went on, "Ieount tho hoars bctwoen my visits. I mako a thousand exouscs to go thoro. Whon I reach tho door I remember that I was there only y esterday, and I orecp away again. I lio awake at night, thinking of hor. Th. only time whoa I am not thinking of hor is whon I am at work, for then I am doing what I know she wonld approve." I murmured something, I know not what. "I confess to you, George, I want no other music then her voice. I think I could g.ze upon her face, and in her eyes, for ever, and never grow tired. Only to pass other women in tho trcot makes me angry to think that they look so small and common." "They aro email and common, because they are meant far email and common lovers." " You oomo to think about her beauty ; why, I hardly think of it except that it is a part of hor, always a part of her ; and ah. is always in my mind." " Poor Robert. Yet, perhaps, thoro may be hopo ; no woman is so far above yon as to be impossible." "Hopo? How oan thore be hops? Don't talk nonsenso." "I should think — bnt then I am not a woman — that lovo liko this — so real — ao full of worship, docs uot come often in the way of a woman. I oan toll you, if tho fact afford yon any hope, that France, has refused men by scores. She will nev.r marry ony man — I am quito sure — she has told me as muoh — unless he is a strong and able man. Why should snch a woman give herself away to a man of a lower naturo?" "What hope .can that. .bring me ? Georg. ," and bore lie broke out into a torrent of passionate oris, and ojaaulations. For ray own part I kept myself in hand. I let him bring it all out. Every ejaculation, every word of tho eonfessloh strengthened my position. "Always in my mind," he conoluded, throw ing himself into a chair, " always in my mind, day and night. There I now yon know." 41 Yes— now I know. I havo guessed as muoh a long time. Of course, it was inevitable. You wero bound to foil in love with her from tho beginning. That was certain." " I might ask why yon took mo there— if it was eertain. But I don't. For I would rather go on hopelessly all my life than never to havo mot with her at all. Yes, I have had to thank you for many things, George, but for nothing ao much as this." " Thank you, Robert," I said. "Well, you are in love at last. That is the cardinal fact. Poor Isabel 1 You never thought of her like this." "Nevsr. " Poor ohiid t Don't imagino that I ever thought of Isabel in thiB way at all. I was only sorry for her. I thought that her father was dying — nnd she was a vsfy good olork — so I said I would marry her, partly to keep her on ns a olerk, and partly to proteat her from poverty. It didn't scam to me that it would make any differenco to my future. But as for lovo 1 How conld one love a girl and despiso her for hor intclleot ?" "You have ao causa to despiso Isabel," I re plied with some warmth. " Let me toll you that. You never took the trouble to ooneider her intelleot at ail. Well— the long and the short of it is that whatever else happens you mast let her go." "No, she mast release herself. I will nevor go back ftom my word." "Well, then, Robert. Hero is a bargain. If I bring you hsr release— by hor own wish, written in her own hand ; if I show you that she will not suffer but rathor gain in the long run for her ralooBe; if I oan ntisure yon that she will bo tho happier for tho present by boing released — will you lot her go? " Anybody else would havo nndorstood at oneo what I meant. Robert did not; Ho had not yot acquired the habit of thinking about othor pooplo and their motives and minds. That might oomo by contaot with a sympathetic woman. He told me, afterwards, that it seemed to him tho very last thing possible for me to fall in lovo , with Isabel — whom ho himself aoaid not lovo ; and to desire to marry a girl withont any knowledge of seeicty. Per haps, being new to tho thing, he thought at this momont mors about sooioty than was necessary. Perhaps I knew too much of sooioty, and tboreforo thought too little of its advantages. Besides, I was now a boat bnildor, quito disconnoated from sooioty, and I really nevor asked whether Isabel was a woman who might be relied upon to shino at her own recep tions, and to roceivo at her dinner tabls the most distinguished people iu pqlitioal ciroles. "You mako three conditions, " he said. "Every ono of tbeso seoms to bo impossible. Yab you havo a way with you. I do not believe Isabel will sond me a release. After theso fivo years shobasgrownaccuatomedto consider me as hsr future husband ; she moves in a groove ; she considers mo as her guardian, and her father as my dependent. No, Isabel will nevor relecso me— she cannot." "But," I insisted, "supposing these condi tions to be fulfilled?" " Oh ! if they are fulfilled, of course, I am the IftHt man in tho world to keep a woman against hor wish. If she would rather marry a foroman of works " There was the least tonoh of ooldnoss ; per haps no man, not oven my couain Robert, likes to be dismissed by any woman. "That is settled, then. And now to retarn to Lady Frances." Ho shook his hoad. " Oh, that is hopsiesB." " I am not so sure. Consider the thing from a political point of view. Yon offer yourself, with yonr career ; she brings herself, with all that it means— an immense contribution. Per haps sho may think in her modesty that your side of the balance lifts up her Bide." Robert Bhook his head again, bnt with less firmness. The shaking of a man's head is a most oxprcssivs gesture, because there are so many shades in it. " Next, wo will consider the situation from a personal point of view. Frances is in every way i idmirable and delightful, it is true." I " Yes," he sighed. " Admirable and delight- i ful." "Bnt yon, my consin, aro not a bad speci- 1 men of a man — well sot up, nnd woll looking i and well mannered. And you aro a masterful kind of oreaturo, and womon admire masterful- i cess in a man. And yon have already shown cleverness, and women admiro cleverness." " Yes. Is ia nil vory woll, bnt " " And then the lady is a young widow, her own mistress; free to please herself, and she has shown herself ditBoult to please. She is wealthy, and — — " Hero he jumped up again. He was very jumpy this afternoon. " Yes," he eried, "the ie wealthy, and there — there you havo tho wholo difficulty. Wo will suppose tlint she might possibly got over tbo differences of birth nnd rank, nnd nil that, bccauso thoy mean nothing." Yon perccivo that Robert was as yet imperfectly acquainted with tho trne inwardness' of things— birth and rank to mean nothing? Dear me ! And to hear these words from my own papil I "They moan nothing," he repented. "She is the daughter of an Earl, and I am a boat builder. What do I oare about that, eli ?'' Ho turned upon mo quito fleroely. " As if that could be any real obstnolo. I am a man, I say " — he snorted in his wrath—" I say a man in whom a women may tako pride. I know that very well. I bolicve that oven Lady Frances, though ehe is— all that she is— might tako a pride in me. Lessor womon," bo added, with his usual arroganoe, " would. Of course thoy "Woll, thon, what beo have you "got in yonr bonnot now ?" , "Can't you undorstand? You say she is rich. I know she is rich. And that's tbo real obstnole. As for tho rest I have thought over all that you said by myself. Only I liked to hear it from you as well. It's the money, George." "What about tho money? Now don't go raising foolish ghosts about Frances's money. What if she is rioh 1 What does that matter?" " I havo tried to get ovor it, and I can't. One must keep some self-respect, George. How would you liko to live in your wife's palace— your wife's, not your own ? " "Hor country house isn't a palace." But it is, as Robert knew. " How would you like to bo evory day sitting at your wifo's tablo— not your own ; drinking your wifo's wine— not your own ; waited on by your wifo's servant— not your own ; spending tho money thnt your wife — your wife— chose to givo you? No, I could not — I could not ; say no more about it. I would rathor remain hb I am, and go on thinking about her without hope all my life, than marry ber for her money — for her money ! — Pah !" " If you como to that you'must junt as well say to another woman, ' How wonld you like, all your life, going about enjoying honor — not your own, but yonr husband's, a name not your own but your husband's.'" " Nonsense," said Robert, " tho things are not parallel. Cf course a woman may take all that a man has to give." " And a man all that a woman has to give." What was it my solicitor had told mo ? "Marry money. Marry money." And I despised that advice, and now I was trying to make Robert do just exactly that very same thing. Well, it was quite certain that this proud, independent person would never become a dependent on his wife, Fortunatoiy I had ono more card up my sleeve. " You are perhaps right," Isaid,with assumed thonghtfuincss. "You eould never beoomo tbat unhappy creaturs, tho man who lives upon his wife's money. You havo got some hundreds a yonr, however." "And she baB, how many thousands a year? My whole income would not pay my sharo of the servants." " Then, again, a man and wife are not obliged to have equal fortunes. If ono is a little rioher than the other — - " "A little ! Ob, bo says a little." " Go on. You will give mo a ohance pre sently." " Let hor give away all but threo hundred poundB a year. Then wo should start on equal torms." "No, because yon would havo still before you your ambition with its solid Side, and sho would havo nothing loft. In ten yoara' time yon might be drawing fivo thousand pounds a year official salary, and she havo nothing more than ber three hundred. No, Robort, the equitable way- would be to reckon your future prospects and your future position as an asset worth ten thousand pounds a year, or anything you please a year. " Robert shook his head. " An asset is some thing that can bo realised, No one would advance a farthing on the security cf my pro- spcots. As a business man, George, you really ought to know by this time what an asset means." " You nre not going to a pawnbroker or a bank. You havo an asset, I say, tbat in a cer tain lady's eyes might outweigh ail hor own advantages." " All the same, George," ho roplied, doggedly, " I sliall not stoop to live upon my wife." " Yon aro nothing but a perverse, obstinate and pig headed bourgcoisc. Yon had bettor go back to Wapping. Como, then, I will meet you on your own ground. You admit that a few thousands, more or loss, matters nothing." " I'm sure I don't know. All I do know is that I'vo got about £300 a year, and that Lady Frances has got £20,000 a year, and that the thing is impossible on that ground alone." "It isn't impossible on tbnt ground— if you conld rise to tbo situation. You have done very well, Robert, so far, but you ought to throw off the last vestige of the shop." " What the devil hns tho shop got to do with Lady Frances and her monoy ?" " Why you are not going into partnership. Hor monoy would bo simply a moans of keeping you in u set of people and style of lifo ncccsinry for your ambitions. It is a detail ! Yon feel that you belong to that kind of a life ; you don't want to uso her money for gamb. ling, or for borse raoing, or for anything at all. This roof, which would perhaps be bors, and the food and the wino nnd the rest of it would be nothing — nothing atali — in comparison with tho solid advantages of sooiety and influ ence. Yon ought to riso abovo suoh considera tions really. I am ashamod that you are tied down by such unworthy oonsiderotioiis. They belong to Wapping-in-the- Onse, believo me, not to Piccadilly." He laughed and shook his head. " I cannot live upon my wife," he said doggodiy. " Wnp- ping or Picoadilly — I oare not whore I live— so that it is not upon my wife." " Well — then — " " Say no more about It, George. Sho is as far from mo now as if I woro at Wapping. I am sorry I told yon. Yot I don't know. Its a relief to tell somebody, and you aro the only man to whom I ever told anything. Meantime — there's an end. Sho doosn't suspect, at any rate." I was for the momont diplomatically doubt, ful, I might toll him at once of the wonderful find that would oleur away one obstacle at least. But then, I know so well beforehand the lofty aoorn with whioh Frances would swoop away suah an obstacle ; how sbo would make him understand the paltry naturo of her own wealth compared with the riohes and abundanae of his own abilities ; how she would make liim ashamed of his own woakness in not perceiving this fact for himself, and how ho would become oonvcrtod and resigned and submissive— this strong, prond man. Knowing ail this I would not toll bim — yot. " There aro," I summed up, " three obstacles la tho way. Thcra is Isabel — vory good— yon shall bs roleored. Oh I I am not guessing. I- toll you plainly that aha does not oaro for yon, oxcept as a gonerous benofnotor. You oan't marry a girl who is only grateful. You have never made lovo to hor." " Of course not — I had no timo." "And yon cannot expeot hor to bo in lovo with you. Moreover, my dear cousin, I havo reason to bolicve that if she were freo to-day, she would bo engagod to- morrow." "Oh! To some little olerk in tho docks, I suppose. Isabel has no greater ambition than that." "Perhaps." Ho had no suspioion at all— yot ho know that I had been wandering about with this girl all the summer ovenings. " Girls," I isid, " arc sometimes singularly freo from arabl- :ion. Some of thom want nothing but love and s tranquil homo ; tboy are easily contented." "I. suppose that is so," ho said with pity. "And so Isabel really wants to beteleasod. Why could alio not toll me so herself ?" . " Why ; because she has always been afraid of you. And grateful. Sho would never tako suoh a step unless Bhe know tbat yon wished it. I shall fill her heart with happi ness to-night when I tell hor what yon really want." "Thon lot her bs happy — with her dock olerk !" His fuco aleared immediately, and bo langhed. "Poor child!" ho said. "She was n good olerk and a good accountant. How should hor mind soar any higher?" "As far the other obstaolo, Robort, tbat objeotion to tho lady on the score of wealth : it is unworthy of you ; it is also unpraotical. You ought to bo quito above suah considera tions." "AH tho same, Georgo," he repeated, "to live upon my wifo would choke me." "You shall not bo ahoked, my dear Robert. This obstacle, too, shall be removed. Trust mo— believe me — when I toll you — on my word of honor — that it shall be romovod." I bad, I say, the greatest confidonco in Lady Frances and ia the arguments which I knew she would employ to breakdown cbislieart ol-stono; but thoro was also tho additional comfort of fcoling that tbo bag of proeious stooos was in tbat seaman's ohest. How beautiful is the working out of the Dootrino of Cbanoes ! When one takes up a hand at curds there are millions to one against the particular hsu'l that turn: Vst it den: turn up — that hand always turns up — in the fuco of tboso overwhelming odds. So with that bag of dia monds. Everybody in tho Wapping branoh of the Burnikol family had examined that obest ; turnod it upsido down ; taken everything out ; yot had nevsr found tbat hiding place. If it bad been found at any timo it would bava ohanged tbo fortune and altcrod tho future of tho wholo family. Robort would have been impossible. Had Rubert been born, brought up and trained otherwise, ho would have boon quito another Robert. He would iiavo understood, for instance, wbioh ho has never yet perfectly succeoded in under standing, tho audacity of his ambition, and, as it would seem to thoss who know tho world — but not to himself— its impossibility. Why do young mon of obsouro birth nud poverty Buacc-cd so often and so greatly ? Because they do not undorstand the audacity of tboir own ambition. "I will win scholarships ; I will go to Cambridge ; I will bo Senior Wrangler ; I will be master of myoollego; I will be Vice Chancellor of the TJuiversity," says tbo lad of parts — low down in tho world. The ltd of parts higher up understands that the very flower of the English-speaking youth aro his rivals ; that he must beat the ba3t; tbnt ho must actually be tha bast ; nod he is discouraged for climbing. For nerve and hand and eye tho poor boy has a far better ohance than tlio rieh. All our boys beforo they arc born ought to pray for poverty — with brains mid oourage. All tlieso fino roflootions passed through my head between my last speech and Robort's reply. He hold out his hand. " Trust you, George ?" ho said. " Isn't it rather lata in the day to ask that question? But how? How can that obstacle bo removed?" " I shall not tell you. Now go on without any misgiving ; and conquer— if you can. Only, Robert, pray remember. This is not quito tho samo thing as tho other venture, you know. Then you had to do with a sohoolgirl, a child. Now you have an equal. You cannot undor stand. You must stoop to woo — even you — oh ! Samson," "Only an equal? An equal? Don't speak like a fool, George. You who know ber 1" "You think that way at last. You have found someone to whom you are not equal. So muoh the bettor. But — I say, bow about the foolishness of fondling and kisses ?" " Oh !" There roso upon his clieok tho roseato hues of surly dawn — yet he was six and twon'ty. "Of courso this is different — quite different. Isabel was only a schoolgirl, as you say. . That kind of tiling would only unsettle her at that age. This is quite different." 