LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. "Wb again - remind our readers of Mr. Henri Tebbitt's Pianofnrto RcciUd and Con cert iu tho Manonio Hall'this evening. Every care has been taken by Mr Tobbltt tc givo a graud high.olass anil iustruotlvo ontorlalu-' mimt, and with that , viow an oxr.cllcnt pro- graramo. has boon; proparwl. Mr. Tobbitt will coutiibuto fivo pianoforto soloS— viz., " Nooturnd" \Chopin) \ u Mazurka Sontimen- tolo"' (Itenri Tchhitt) ; " Lyrisuho Stiioko " (Orciy) ; "Air.ile Ballet" Henri Icbbitt) ; and "Noeturao'.' Chopin.) Miss Marlay and Mresrs. K. S. Dillon and ' A. A., R. Boyco will oontributo sov oral vocal uumbers, and Mr. Tobbitt will conclude with somo very iqt_ercsling Lightning Skotohes. . Vto hopo to .sop s largo attendunoe at tho Masonic Hall this ovouing. Try Field's Men's Ooasaoks, at 5h, Cd , 7s. Honest'value. _ '2762 : Last night tho Oollcon Bawn Dramatiu Company played " Our Boys" in tho Royal As-sombly 'Rooms to a vory crowded aud .ap preciative, audienoo. The pioco was wol staged, find th'o freixuent. outbursts of dp- phiuHo nhd laughter amply .testified to the' fact. that the piece was Well staged and well carried'out. An overture wub played by Mr." ICrotAchniar'fl band, ' and Messrs. Jubb and . .Trevsthuu followed with a pinnaforto duet. An extouded report will appour'iu Saturday's Field uses no enrdbnard composition, or split lentlicrs, in his manufactures. Every boot mado guaruutood solid leather only. 2763 Thr.6W/At wiii bo published at noon to-' morcow, and will bo despatched, by, all tho outgoing wostorri and south- wosteni 'muils in timo to' bo. dolivored to all our oountry subscribers early on Saturday morniug. This week's- ibsuo will contain an agricultural load- ing article on " Tho . development of Aus- Iralia's' Butter Export Trade." j Among tho othor articles T.f spooial interest to fanners are ''Foediug Gows," ' "Oultivatiug. tho" ranizo crop," "Profitable Pigs,' "Ohainpioii -Buttor," " How. to Prevent Soro SHouldcra," " Strangles," Poultry Notes, " &6." There will bo leading articles ori " Tlio Repurchase of Agricultural Lands for Settlcmeut " "The Sugar Industry iu. Now ' South Wules,'! " Abundunco of motiQy in Engluud r-VYhat is to bo dono with ItP" "Political Rata." Tliis . week's Settler will also contain a full report nf tho Toowoomba Races', an aeconnt of. ilio Czar'a Coronation with tho terriblo/Requol tO- : tho festivals, when 3600 peasants were tram pled to death; ".Land Bcttiemont'/at Wcst- brook/'-showing a. largo area of ' tho Woll- cainp;dlvifdon of the Wcistbrbok Estnto has been /applied - for; .'? Highfields Baptist Church Anniversary ssrviocs," " Looal Go-'. vernment reports," "A South Queensland AoclKnati-atiou Sooiaty," "The AugUcan "Synod," " (Bishop. Wobboris Address) ; the Australian Cricket era in England (Lancashire and Oxford matches, "Torriblo Cyolbho' in Ainoricn;" " Oubarlah1. Rneca," ' " Q.T.O, Itu. cd,"- 41 FootballNotos," Oraugo Bloswraa,. all tho looal lows of tho wock, latest commer cial and market reports, tales aud skotohes, .ladios column, household uotos, latest, cable mossoges auu intorouionmi telegram?, ana a largo amount of reading fur tho farm and tho home. The obeapeat and brightest papor.ou tho Downs. Prico .fid , 4s. per quorler. Try ' Try Field's Men's: Laoo-up. Boots, at bs., Cs." Cd.7 7sl "Sulid/leather; -j . ' - V 2701 ' To-mohrow. Messrs. Gregory and Soholo- fiold ivili subinit to publio auotfon ono of tho finest cousignmcnts of rare Tasnianian and Australian furs ovor placed boforo tlio publio of Toowoomba. 'Tlio furs aro now'on .viow, in tho uuction rooms, "Russcll-stroot, and are wall worthy of inspcotion. Mr. . T. Bsasloy , rb, resenting Messrs. Jns. Smith aud Oo., tho oolobrated furriora'of Gcorgo-ntoeot, Sydooy» has tho furs all tastefully 'arranged in suoh a manner that buy era will have nb.dilllouUy in solcotihg. -. Oao of tho most attracUvo among this' grand collootion is a very handoomo and servlccublo platypus rug. With Tasmanian opussnm border. Conspiouous is q)so u beau tiful Bengal tiger skio, mounted and adjoiuing 4\. ft superb leopard akin. Arranged around tho whIIh uro rugs composed of Tusmauidn stable opossum, mountain grey opossum, etc., uiho a uupero uipxistana iox rug oi Bpoctuily picked tkius. Ou tlio other tables are displayed, un exquisite' collootion of ladies winter .furs, comprising Viotorias, most tastefully mado up of black aud sablo Tasmanian opossum, golf capes of sable Toamauian opossum,, and also of wullaby, watormolo collaret, maguifi- cont platypus Victoria, ladies soai cups, blaok Tasimmiun opossum capes &o.; A moat useful nriiclo i's on exquisite bedspread iu picked Victorian fox skins, Thoro is also a beauti ful wallaby oarriugo rug, ipeciul travelling rug of young wallaby skins, exquisite' parlor rug (with wallaby in contra), spcuimeu opjs- num mat. Included in tho collectiou are numerous other useful urticles too' numerous- to pnrtiuulariso, but ovoii to inspect them a visit to tho auoti .11 rooms is woll worth the trouble. In Briflbano the sale was vciy 1 largely attended nud among the number of iuomunuuiu peopio present were ins ixceiicocy Lord Lamington, who purchased a large quantity of articles similar to those which are to bo submitted to- morrow. Tlio snlo will commence at 2.30 p.m. Tnv Field's "Women's Lnco Boots, at 6s. 9d", Gs..fid., 7s., 7s. Cd. Genuine. '2754- Toe Gowrio . Littlo Flaiu ".Tomporanco Lenguo gavo a vory snjoyablo oonco t in tho Stato School last. Friday ovcuing (writos » oorrespondout), when an , admirublo pro gramme wasHubinltted and highly appreciated by a largo audionce. Tho programme was opened by tho choir singing «? Glory Crown,", after which Muslor N. Findlay gave a press ing invitation to all present to join tho Longue. Tho solo and chorus, " Trust.Till tho Clouds Roll By," by Miss A; MoLardy and choir, followed. A recitation, "Tho Littlo Romp," was delightfully rendered by Miss Lizzio Findlay, a dear littlo mito of eight summers, « Thou followed thoquurtetto, " Beyond tho Smiling and tho Weeping." by Miss J. MoLardy and members of tlio choir ; a. recitation, " LongLifo Gcod-byo," well given by Master W. MoLardy ; Kolo'and chorus, " Why-Not To-night?M by Miss" M. Findlay and ohoir ; recitation by Muster A. Allen, well given ; solo arid chorus, " Where is my Wandprlug'Buy To-night?" Miss J. MoLardy and choir ; a vory pleasing recita- tion by Ml&s; Emily Mnir, "Waiting for Fsthor " ; chorus, " Wliat a Gathering, " by choir ; solo aud ohortH. 44 Out of Dariraess into Light," Vis M. McLurdy and choir ; reoitatinn by Muster J. Finlay ; recitation. "Xittlo Drunk, '' Master W. Peterson ; ami ohotus, "I Am tho Way," choir, which brought tho first purt of tho progrummo to a closo.. Tlie f-econd part was very hutucroas aud evoked much laughter. A dialoguo by tho Findlay family aud Master A, Alien, oatitled, " Ouv Neighbor's Next Door," created a groat deal, of merrimmt, and was followed by Mr. A. Multhowsfiiuging 44 Good Old Unclo .Browu " in excellent stylo. A coiftio song, 44 My Old Friend John," bv Mr. J. Marsh, was well reeeivod. . A soug bv Miss Jinta, 4 You'U Soou Forget Kathleen," was very swoetly loudorod. A song, in charaotur, i4,TJio..Jud>o," also, "I am going to ho a ProfcRsiunal," ry-thorininutublo Mr.' Fred Lowe, convulsed tho audience. A soug by' Mr. -Bert. SiriUh' ws/'giyci'i'-in his.iisunl gorid stjde. .Mri . Jinks did full justioe to tiiat j dcar'old" sopg| i' AVhau.uthtr'llpi aud 'other; XiEftsUi" ; DutlogUs, " IfirivitoitftUoiij" by Mloh'aob Molio'ughlln and Eileen O'Connor.. wm vpjy.''humor6usly. rendered, .'and oauftcd much laughtor. . A reading, . 44 Tim CHrlon's Wedding, ".by Mr." Bort 8mlth, nud a comic soog by Mr; J. Marsh, " My. Old Dutcli," in ch&raotor;,. and very ably giyon,. brought a very plcatout ovouing to n closo. Miss Jinks vory kindly plnyod all tko-nccofnpunlmenta, nnd Mr. Jinks ofiloiatod as conductor. . Tnv Fioid's Men's-Bhiohcr Boots, at Is. fid., Ga. fid., 0s. : Nothing to cqnnl. thorn iu town. For; tho Lsuo of £20,010 of Stato mort gage bonds in South'/Australia tenders to tho amount of '£46,300 wore rccoivcd, at h pre mium of ov«r £6. Tho bonds boar 3J por cont. intorest. ' ' ' Tenders lire invited lo our business columns by tbo Works Department for painting and repairs to the Post and Telegraph Ofilco, Allora. Tenders closo rit 4 pm. on Friday, tho 3rd July. Try. Field's Men's Elastio-sido Boots, at Gs.. '6s. 0d.. 7s. 6d.. Uoodvnluo. ' 2762 Owino to tho interest shown in Mr. Henri Tohhitt's pictures' ho has' arranged to givo a final oxiiibition to-morrow (Friday) aud 8atnrday, at Messrsr Summorllu & Co.'b;- Rathvou-strect,- when . his latest Boaeo'npe, J4 A Dangorous'CoaBt, -Viotoria," Vlll be ex-; hibitod., & rzTiTiON has beori filed in tho Supremo Court- fur tho liquidation of tho oatuto of Jiiuo ikrahor, of Gowrio' Junction, widow ; liitbiiitics, £177 ; gouornl mooting of .creditors atthoofiloo of .Messrs. numilton nndWon- dorloy, solicitors, Toowoomba, on tho 16th Instant.. " " 1 ' ; TJiy Field's Moti's Kip Watertight .Lnoo- ups, at 6s. fid. ' Boat value. iu town.- 2760. 1UC oppuiii wmuo .ujf . «» in against tho judgment "of l£t0, 000 'driiiiagcs granted to 6fni. Kitson for siandor nud do- famatlou of churuttor lias -been withdrawn. Tho terms of tbo -Settloment arrived at are uotjtatod. . Thy Flold's Womeu's Elnstio-sldo" Boots, at 5s., 5hV 9d., Oh. 3d. 'Low prices. 2763 In oonnootion with tho movomont to estab lish an Acclimatisation Sooiot.y on- .the. Darilug Downs, a public mooting is. con-. vonccL for Friday -aftornoon at 4 p.m., at tho 'Instituto.'.' His' : Worship tho . Mayor' - will- preside! Wo understand that several gentle- men from Warwick will bo . present, and orery Information will bo given,. Wo hopo to Fiea a' very largo aUondanoo, : Tiie Tpflsiiry roturris for May show that tho rovonuo for tho . month was £251,625 0s.' .ltd,, us. against' £240.660 3tri'0d. fur. May, 1895 J'tho iiioroaso. bcing-£13,868 16s: lid. Taxation shows ou inorcaso of ovor £6000 for tho-month; tustoms alono showing an in- creftso of. -uhout. £7000'; railways show an increaeobf 'about'£20p0,' all of which' is from tho Southerii and "Wbstoru Lino. Tho ox- pondituro for May, .1895, was £104,087 13s. 4d., and for May, 1800, .£183,000 10s. lOd. T. K . Loire & Co.' riro showing, an im- meufto'-\stock of. Wiutor Dross Materials, Hilllnojy, Blankets, .Flxunelettes, aud Cloth ing. This is witliuut exneption tho ohoapest store for General Drapery. '' v . . . 38 'Tenders wcroopoffod at thoRnilwayOfHcos, Bris1»iuio, on Tuesday for tho ooustruotiou oi' tho 'railway line from the Raoecourao to Pin- keoba, in loogth tlireo miles twolvoibhairis. Nioo toudors were put in, tho lowest being tliat of MeMrs. Boud and Holloway, whoso prioo was £10,600. Tho othor tenderers were— G. Baumbcr, Joho Storie, jun., Kirk Bros, an 1 Frow, Vrilloly and Bowser, : Murphy and Hopkins; Itountain . Bros., and M'Ardlo and Thompson! - Toudors were , also opened for tho construction of . throo cxoltmiro woggons for tho Northern Railway. Tbreo worors- colvod— nanioly,.- Toowoomba Foundry. Gom- pnny'(lowoiit) Qufeorisldnd. Carriage Company, arid tho Fhoonix Engineering Company.' His Exoollonoy tho Governor, acoorapaniod oy-cne x'romior ana parry, nrrtvea in noeir-. hampton ou Monday, and had a moBt enthusi astic reception. Thoro - wore sovoral thou sands of persons in tho atrcbta." ' A'pra cession" 'of - tho : FViendly Sooiotios eHcortcd the Go-, verapr.to.lho Counoil resorvo, - whore numqrous sddrossos wore presented. Tho weathbr .was brilliant, arid oyerything passed off; happily. Tho -Governor opened tho Agricultural Socioty's phow. at Rookh&mpton; on Tuesday, and attended eovoral other functions, arid in. the ovoning was csoortod by a brilliant pro- ocssion to an enterttunment givon iri iho Sohool of Arts. His Excollonoy said he was dpoply "touched by tlio # onthusiasm of .the wolcomo accorded to him. . 1 . ; Hoiisb-owners will find' that- Hodgson's Liquid BUstor never /nils for fistulas, sprains, lamenoss,. and strangles, in horses. 'Do not" iroouro imitations; ' Frico, 2h. fid. Forjieal- ng cuts, wounds, and girtbgnlls, Hodgson's Styptio Oil for horses and cattlo is tho best remedy, Prioo, 2s. Cd. Prepared only at tho Toowoomba Phunnnoy ; oatablished 1875.' I. L. Hodgson,' proprietor. Corner Ruthvcn and RuBfloU'iitreots. 87 - On Tuesday tbo applications rocelvcd the -previous day by Mossrs. uregory and aoholo- field for tho Wollcamp. division of tho - Wcst brook Estate were ullotted. Tliroagh the courtesy of this firm wo aro onuhlod to supply tho foliowiug list of purch'ssers . H ' . . A nir; M.; Campbell. . i 107 . 0 . 0 ,. ' M. Lovcdoy; 200.. 0 , 0.;. . .Dnn Moado. . 200 0 'o ' . W;J. Miles. .. 200 0 0 Fred Krotsohmiir, , . , ; .ICO ;. 0 . 0 Fred Biitzloff . 600" 0 ' 0 - : M. Heffeijian.V;.-.... 200;.Q ;o Carl Spooht!-/. . . . . , v. 1233 0 -0". .- . Pat Fox;,..-; v;!v, . "200, 0 0 . Vincent Graves &Coy.r; 200 ' 0 -0 - \- V. Rodwood-and Coy,:.--- 300 . O.- O-, V . 3500 ,0 0 Far' le Oolqonb'. Extraordinary.— 1 Tho uuiiuvtiui luuy gruuu UWUKH i) I oxquimto JiJiu do Cologuo offered by W. A. Nohlo, Chemist; at Is. fid. oaoh, are'causing.qulto a sonsation.- orid aro sure to sell rapidly. Sco window. 60 Yesterday afternoon ' Mr.-T. A. Hcniy put up tho road, record, from Toowoomba to OakoyCreok (18 miles), doing tho journey .in tho . splendid timo of 6lmln. 42»co. Mr!. H. Higgins, tho treasurer of tho local branoh of tho Lcngub, 'Started Mr. Hoaly, and sovoral othor oyolists wore prorent. Messrs. E, Olnrk, Cnmoron, and other oyolistA'jfiurnoyed to Oakoy iu advanoo to tako tho timo of Mr. Hoalv's arrival thore. so that no mistako could be msdq in checking the record. Mr. Healy did tho journey via Wost-street, thence to tho Gowrio Road, etc. Ho had to rido a strange machine at the lost moment owiug to an acchlont happonlug to hia own, and' we hoarHly congratulate him on what is a very fiue porfonnance, rnsdo without any assist- aucofrom weather conditions, such as favor able winds, &c.; Queen's Birthday at KooroongarTa (writes a correspondent), was colohratod in a mariner that will not soon bo -forgotten by the ohild- ron, although tho hefty ruin on tho previous dky prevented a largo number from attending. A number of valuabio prizoa wore run for by tho children, aud somo very kcou rompotition ensued, thanks to tho excollont efforts of the handieappora, Messrs. J. Coffin, E. Ezzy, and Elstob, the finishes belug so oloeo that tho judges, Messrs. B. Evans and J, Reddle, found thoir positions no rauecuro. Mr. Doro made an admirablo starter. Tho prizes wore well selcotcd by Mr. Patterson and reflected muoh credit on his excellent tasto and judg ment. Eaoh of tho littlo ones also received a prizo occordiog to thoir ability as pupils, which prizes wore distributed on tho previous Friday by tbe aotivo and ono.gotio teacher,' .Mrs. Csi'hness. . Tho. catering was oxccllent - and the ladies' deservo great-praiso for'samo. A most onjoyablo danoo took plaee in tho evening, at . which thero.was a largo attond- anoo. The dances -were interapersfHl .with wcll-rondoref sorigs and recitations. - Daucin? was kept up until sunrise, whon alldepartod tliorouehly satisfied .with : the mariner in wldoli Queen's Birthdayhad beon observed.- Don't Oougli T But if you do Cough toko Noble's Cough Cure, rind, yon won't- cough. Tlio justly'popubir remedy fop Colds. CnrighsV Itiflusrza.'Bronchi'.iH!! Asthma, -nrid -Throat .and Ghost Affeolions gonorally arislng frorri ohills, >.' NobV's Oou 'h . Cure. Sufforors' toko if rind got relief. .-Bottles at 1/0,2/jl ond .ifpaab?.' '.vv'-'-V- -ri > ' PriovitasoR FRBniANN, tho. cclobratod olalr; . , ' voynrit, Whois.no w.ona short visit to Too ! Woomba! has 'been kopt oxoeodingly" busy' sinco his arrival by porsons requiring consul tatibnsl ; Tho Professor has.' oausod quite . sensation In certain circles, and has done somo ' 'marvellous feats.: Thoso desirous of-cousult lug thri Professor should, do so' at onco at his rooms lu tbo Club Hotel asliisstoy is limited. . FiBLn intends oleanng out a.:big Jot of Job Lines at. 'give-away' prices to Chlldrcti'fl \- men , .0? rill tlio sovereigns of tho world, Iho lato ... Shah of ForaU 'was said to pouoss tho largest ' treasure In jowols and gold ornaments, it boirig ' valUod at £12,000,000. Tho chief object of v' valao is tho old orown of Persian rulers, iu tho . . form «f a'pot of flowers, which is surmounted ! ' . by nn uuout .ruby tho size ofan hon's- egg, ' nip diamonds in auothor symbol of his rank aro. said to weigh .-'almost twonty. pounds, Tiioro is also n joweUod sabro valuod. ' at ' £320,000.- Anotlior - thing .that iho' Bbah -: prizos is a sUvor vaso; ornament, with 100 , . .' omoralds, whoso equals, it U said,; aro not to. t ." befoundintho-world. In, tho oollootion thoro is a cubo of ambor which tradition, says fell - from hoavon In tho days of Mahomot, rind - , insures tho possessor against . bodily : harm ' Oun Allom corrcspindontTOwnlji.lhodeath 'of Miss Lily Gibson, of that town, whinh took - /. plnoo ou tho 27Urult,, after A paluful illnwg; of a month's duration. The .docoasodi who ' - . -.was in her 20th yoar, was a Ktujirig momber" of ; 8t. David's fiuglican) chnir 'for many yoors,.and took a promiaout part in Boud of ' Hopo grithoririgs, Ohureb'tea . meetings, arid outortoiiimoritrt got up for .ehoritoblo pur : poses. Hor death, cast- quite. gloom ' over - : Allora. : Tho.f unoral- took placo on tho fol- lowinir'dnv. and was ano of tlio'la»R9t ever' seen inAlInro, .THo cofilri was coverodyritH beautiful, floral .tributes from friends, ill eluding a magnlfiaeut-: wreath obtainod . speeidly/ from ' Brisbane, by th'o.momlMirs of . St. Efavid'ri choir. . Tho Rcv. Jr C. Bairow oifiolated ut tlio Churah' and at ilis Oomotery, Fcellog. roforouces to Miss Gibson's -. death -' were mado in St. David's Church -lust Sun- day by tho Ilov. J. O. Barrow.- and In. tho Prcsbytorum Church at tho Band of Hopo . mooting on Wodnosday . by- Jlto Rov. J. "Watson,- : -V \- Writing from London on April 2Jth; tho : - uuiiu'i/uuuvui.ui uiu u/uuujr jmuu xcicyiiijjft' fwiys:— "Mofiflrs. M'llwraitli. M'Eacharn, nud Co. havo boon oxporimonting latelyin-- tho mattor of bringing grnpos from Aastralia' to London; and this week I had an opportunity, of inspecting a portion of n small conBignmeut, ' . ox Cultio King, from Sydticv. Tho greater , part of tho grapes woroin vory fuir oondiHoiij" hut thoso wliiuh had been plokod wheu too far :: ripened wore, of course, unfit for marketing- 2 Tho grapes were paaked with' shavings .' bQt-xr tweon each layer, the shaving having boon in-T 'duratfcd with somo fluid whioh is supposod:tO v.;i; hrivosome preservative offeot on thofrult,.v .7<: Wlifist wishiug tho cxporimonters ovQtj' sno.- :i' co8B, I must'say that I haven't maofa.Taithln'/- thoposaihility of thoirestoblislung a rtttUnsrs- tivo trade Iu grades botwoon'the ooioniesind - England. , Thoy may gat oouaelonftl consign- ments liomo in a condition to uebieve paying ...- prices, but I doubt -vory -. muoh if shipment- ; will turn out so on tho average." : . V Tub latest novolty iu cycling," says the .jr&tininiter; Gazette ot 17th. April. is. tho - Sociublo Bioyolo.' This bicyolo onabtos two persons to rido by sido instead of taqdom " fnflhion, nud tho adjusting goar Is so arrangod . that d hen vy man and a small boy cau rido as easily -together as 'two' porsons of equal weight. This is tho official dosoription.'but - wo imagino thatthc chanocabf sociability . would-bo rather., greater if tho. ' small boy ' . . were ropioccd -by a light girl. This. now machine certainly opous; up. vory. attnetivo vistas,7 aud 4 a bioycle mado for two ' will have' quite a different intonwt nttaohing to it-if the - riuuni u»u uw aiue uy muo. zjue uio reni cuarm about tlio special invention is its adaptabilitvft An ordinary bioyclo.fur. orio-canb# turned- iutoonofor two, Irooanns.'aa it were. -with:' pedals and saddles attacbod, aro affixed to the main structure of tiio maohino- tho saddle ' liar being made so tba you cau arrango the - ' balanco of tbo ridors. Thus you may have a - Goliath on ono: soddio and a David on the othor. -ab Tn a tandem, .' if Uio. riders desire it, all tho litud work-may bo dono by ono pair of shoulders or log.. - In this -way wheu your companion wauta a rosls ho (or sho) cantaek - ono, leaving you to bo whoelman, commander - nnd guidb." WE tako the following -from tho lotlor of tho Beriin corrospondentof tho London Timet - undor dato:' April 17th. - At' sousons liko tbo - present, when dlpthcria is mod prevalont It - may provo of interest to the medical men of Toowoomba, and parents. of children :— " A ' sad ease of what at first sight nppoars to bo puisoning by antitoxin occurred iu Berlin last' ' week. A maid-Horvant-in the family ofDr- Langorhans, a.welUknown niodlcal man -hud been sent to the hosnitnl nn miontnlnn' r\t .. sufforiug from dlphthoria, ond Dr. Langor ' - hans wnsporsuaded to inject Ids' littlo son," .agod ono yoar and threo-qaart'ors. with antt- : toxiii as a precautionary measure. - A fow v'' minutes after thp operation tho ohild-' who was -boforo - to. blooming health. . was > dead- ' Tbo Stato uuthorities ordered an official pott tnorfrM examination, but no positive dlagnOBts;':-'. of tho cause of death was obtainod. though it .'was discovered -thatrtho organs "of 'tlio ohild were oompletely Tiealtiiy. Dr. Langorhans- ' hiuisolf is apparontly.of opluion that tho out! r toxin was tho immediate causo of death. The - - remainder of tho antitoxin used, for tho dose ' Iiqh been handed to tho official analyst: for : invefltigatiouf."! : Oun quiet littlo villago was the sueao of a " mont delightful ball given by tho bachelors of ' Jondaryan on. tho 19th Muy -(writcs a Jou: diirvan - oornvnnndnnlV. . TIia Imli licld in tho hall recently creotcd by Mr- Fo- garty, and> proved a groat suoccss. -.'Tho mu>io was supplied by Mr, B. Baldock arid- Mr. Brown, a'cd waa all that riould bo desired. Tho catering was to the. ablo. bauds of Mrs- - Baldook. At intervals . during tho nightv - songsweroreridered by aomo of tho grintlo- men, aud were much appreciate 1 by the com- ' pany. Tho ladios iu their noat -aod-oharm ' ing costumes assomblod In goodly numbers- - which testified to tho high' rospcot In which tho Jondaryan bachelors are held by tMs'sov Dancing was kept up till the woo hours of the morning, when all departed thoroughly satisfied with -tho night's pleasure- - Tho - - bachelors -one and all aro to bo congratulated ' on thri success of tho hall, for-thoy all workod very hard to mako the event a pleosuro to all- ' Toorouehpraiseoannot.be given- to Mr-(I-| Fogarty who kindly" placed his hall at tlio ' " dibposal of tho bachelors. Amnng thoso pre - sent were visitors from Ccoil Plains: Lagoon ' ' Creek,-. Toowoorabs; - .Westbrook. Dalby, Rosalie, aud Oakey, and . they vory kindly gave threoohcors for tho Jondaryan baobolors . It is whispered that tho Jondsryon ladies will shortly give a return ball to tho baohelori- mnuy of whom'wiU soon start fur tho weitora districts. . J ; . . . - .Tns Qaren's Birlbday was obeorvod as a general holiday at Ravrnsbourno (wilics a ' correspondent); Tlio' Primltivo -Mothodist Sunday School plepio, was a very successful demonstration. About 11 o'oloi-k tho child ren, arid also their ciders, "assembled at Mr Cass's farm to tho number of. sixty-five, and partook of Uio amplo' lunolicon provldod by thoso' in chafgo of tho oommLsanat depart ment. Whon this important, badness had - been disposed of varions games were indulged in with vigor. Cricket, rounders, boy's and ghraraoea, 4 '.Jolly Miller," 44 Old Baelielor '' woro kopt going by/tho young pcopl'od their friorids, .till' later on tho sohol«tr6 '» ' asaembled by tocirto&uhcrs;, arid after several " hymns aud recitations by tho littlo ones,a < dintribiition.:of. prizos took placo — oVory r r soholar rocelviug a prize. ' Then aflcrnUns- " - BemhIedandsaag"_,,Gid Savo tho Queen'' tho game# woro renowod and continued till ovoning," when -refrashrcentfl wcyo'ngniu '» served. - TheT brautlful .woather.- successful - .i.. mnriagement, general gjod feeling, aud nbun- 'dance of. cutables, maue.tho day thoroughly : cnjoyabln, and ouo to -bo. remeinborfid Uy " young and r.ld/Tlta woatheris'cool. arid the . potato ciroprt arQ lwM>ig:w«U | th?rs bsi veto ' ' 