Football in the Country. ?*- — Its Pleasures and Fains. , ? . GIjLOWING, as I have, the . [I noble game of Rugby foot *t ]| ' DaH for a great number of sm -il S years as a player, barrack \ Ir5[ II ,*\ er, and referee, and having noticed what gigantic strides the game has made in Sydney during the last ten years, the number of grounds available for foot ball and conveniences for players, and encouragement given to city players to indulge in the 'king of games,' I would just like to bring before the Sydney footballers and tbe public generally the pleasures and inconveni ences of country players. In Sydney all our play ers have to do is to jump in a tram, pay their mo dest 3d, and then they are on the ground. My bu siness on and Tiff during the past few months has taken me into the country, and I was fortunate to be in Tamworth when the semi-final between that town and Gunnedah took place for the New Eng land Cup. Gunnedah is some fifty miles from Tamworth, and to play the match the Gunnedah represen tatives had to travel this distance — some on horse back, some on bikes, and others in buggies or sulkies. Jim Curley, one of the best forwards in the district, left with a red-hot enthusiast, both mounted on bikes, on the Friday night late, in tending to get into Tamworth early on Saturday morning, and have a sleep in order to refresh him eelf . for the match, and ,would have done so, no doubt, bad it not been for a nasty spill from his bike about fifteen miles from Tamworth, which pitched him on to his head, and knocked him senseless. His companion, Mr. C. Landeryon, tried to bring him round with the usual remedies, but Jim outdid himself by refusing to open his mouth (he was unconscious), although Charlie Landerypn tried to open it by inserting one of the bicycle tools, but without avail. Charlie finding himself unable to bring Jim round, pulled Hm off tbe read on to the grass, and then lit a fire, jumped on his machine, and rode for Tamworth and a doctor at full speed. His lauable efforts, however, were somewhat retarded by puncturing his tyre. However, not to be outdone, this brave little foot bail enthusiast shouldered his machine and started to tramp the remainder of the distance — about eight miles. He had gone about five in this way when he fortunately met a commercial tra veller in a. buggy and pair. The circumstances were at . once explained, and to the cre dit jof the 'com.' — I forget his name — whip was put to the horses, and off they raced to the succor of Curley. They found Jim just coming round, and feeling very cold, for the fire had burnt itself out. How ever, with the aid of two strong pairs of arms and a little'sarsaparilla' — no difficulty in opening Jim's mouth this time— he was lifted into the buggy and taken to Tamworth, where, after a few hours' sleep, Jim was himself again, and in the after noon played the best game on the ground. The other members of the Gunnedah team began to roll in from about 10 o'clock to 1. A buggy and pair, carrying: five players, lent by Mr. ianderyon, was about the first to put in an appearance, and one of the horses an hour afterwards gave up the .ghost. This was very unfortunate, as Mr. Lan deryen only a week or so before refused 30gs for the horse. The players and their supporters con tinued to come in, Mr. Hogarth, solicitor, mount ed on his 'blood,' amongst them; and just orf 1 o'clock Mr. Jarmain, Mayor of Gunnedah, his two sons, and brother, and Jack Sheehan, the three quarter, who distinguished himself during the country week in Sydney. The hind axle of the Mayor's buggy was broken about half-way be tween Gunnedafa and Tamworth; but not to be late on the field, the axle was bound together by rope, and. the weighty contents bundled in the front of the buggy, and so without further mishap the journey was completed. About 100 enthusiasts followed their men, and as everybody now knows, to victory. Having to be in Gunnedah on the Mon day, and loving footballers as I do football, I ask ed for a lift to Gunnedah, and this was readily granted. So on Sunday morning we all left Tam wcrth about 10 o'clock, got to the half-way house about 1, where we had dinner and rested our wea ry selves, horses, and bikes. On the road again, and when about fifteen miles from the town, we were met by the energetic secretary of the Gun nedah Football Club, Mr. J. G. Little, and nearly half the town, who had driven out all that dis tance to welcome home the victors. At this point fresh horses had been sent out by the enthusiastic community, also bottles of 'lemonade' to refresh their returning heroes. Horses having been changed, the rest of the journey was done comfort ably, marred only by the meeting of barrackers, who were driving and riding out to meet us; and when met, we all had to pull up, for each and every barracker had a bottle of 'lemonade' which had to be opened, and health and success to Gun nedah football drank. The referee, Mr. Speight, made the journey with us, and he amused himself and others by his skilful, horsemanship. Willie rode horseback for about five miles. He then de sired to be lifted down, he was feeling sore; but when he got into the buggy— four-in-hand — driven by the king of whips, Archie Nowlands, he was xin able to sit down with any comfort, so got out of the buggy and tried his hand on one of the bikes, with a doleful result. The foregoing is a sample of what country play ers have to go through in order to indulge in the game of football, and their long journeys have to be taken in all kinds of weather. ' In conclusion, I will relate an incident which oc curred last year in a certain country district. It was bittery cold, and freezing very hard, when the team set out in their buggies lor a distant town to play football. They were provided with a few flasks of whisky. These were put into a bag in one of the buggies, and at midnight, when' only a quarter of the journey had been done, 'liquor up' veas announced, stop made, corks drawn, but no whisky — the whisky was frozen, so bottles were broken, and the whisky taken in lumps. ' Selah! I trust this will show: that country football is entitled to all possible consideration at the hands of the parent union^. 