MUSIC. ART. DRAMA. A ? CBl 'MODEBATO,') [All moUou of forthcoming events and other matter for whloh notice In required in this column elwald boLfctUiwed to 'Modento.'] Amongst other ladies and gentlemen a« Msting At Mw A. H, Bowden'a pupils' con cert on Tuesday night will bo Mies Beo Hyne, who is on a visit here. This young lady vocalist (contralto) hat gained con siderable prominenae in Adelaide muplcal circles, and la a student at the Adelaide College of UubIo. 'Queen of the Long Ago,' is the name of n now song by B. A. Hornc. The words ara of a sorrowful, sentimental type, and the mnfllo is (as It ehonld be) suitable thereto— a desideratum not always attained. It In decldtdly melodious, of an easy flowing measare( and I* written upon a principle not the air thioughoat, thereby lending it the advantage of utility — in the absence of a suitable voice to sing it as an cffeoUve piano forte number, or even as a waltz, by any more advanced novice the technical difficulties being but slight. As a whole il is very attrac tive and occasionally drops into the beauti ful harmonica so characteristic of W. H. Jade. ICha pieoe will doubtless command subsequent editions, The Dampicr Dramatic Company wil1 in all probability commence a Bcaaon at the Academy of Music next Saturday week. The fieee de resistance will be 'Bobbery under Arms.*1 The company arc at present performing at Ballarat and meeting with great success. It la with pleasure I have to announce that on Boxing Night Mr H. R. Roberts will open for a short season of comedy with ,an excellent company. Mt Roberta1 sterling qualities are so well known to Launceston playgoers, I need not at present Mini Turton, of Sydney, recently gave a recital on the Town Rail organ. This performance was notable as being tbe first re el1*1 given on the large five manual organ by a lady. Amongst other excellent items on the programme, I might mention were Toccata and Fugue in D minor (Bach) and Sonata No. C. (Mendelssohn). The papers all speak Mghly of her performance. I remember hearing W. T. Boat, probably the greatest performer on the organ the world baa ever known, give a magnificant perform* ance of the former work, and can well imagine the skill required on the part of the performer to give anything bfco an adequate reading. It is highly pleasing to think that Australia can produce a lady organlBt who is bold enough to include classical numbers of this description and come out with flying colors. On the 18th nit., MUl .Frost, organist at Pitt-ltreet Congregational Church, (Sydney, guro an organ recital on tbe immense, mag nificent (Sidney people say it is the largest in the world) five manual organ at the Sydney Town Hall. The musical critic of the Sydney Morning Herald writing of her performance says : 'Her firm, incisive style and great executive power have frequently been noted, and she made excellent use of her opportunity. Quite the best example of her Itylo wm afforded In Batiste's ? grand oflertolre In D,' which was brilliantly ren dered. In Mendelssohn's First Sonata, tbe Interpretation was admirably intelligent.' Amongst other items 1 notice Scotson Clark's ' Chorus of Angels,' and MIchaells' (by re qnest) « Turkish Patrol,' both of which were enoored. Hiss Frost's Launoeston friends wlU, 1 have no doubt, bs glad to hear ol her ?ocoen. The only pantomime promised this Christ ' mu la Melbourne will be given at tbe Prinoess' Theatre. Mr J. O. Williamson is now engaged writing tbe libretto. Egypt ology will constitute the basis of the enter tainment, and it will be staged in a style ?upswing even the splendor of Djin Djln. In a letter Mr O. B. Thomlinson, the mwager of the Newbury-Spada Concert Company, Informs me the company created Immense enthusiasm at the Adelaide Orphes Society concert, which was highly success ful, financially and arttsUoally. Mr Olifion Bingham, the well-known song writer, lives in Hove, Brighton, where he Is constantly to be seen about the streets, as he believes that to express in song the feelings and passions of the people a writer or com poser mast mix with them. Be began bis literary career as a writer of short stories and serials, some 60 or 70 of which he has published, but in 1881, owing to the special notice a poem entitled ' Sweet and Twenty' 'attracted, he turned bis chief attention to songs, about 1600 of which he has writtten since that date. Of these over 900 have been set to music by Toati, Oowen, and other com p»en. Probably ' The Promise of Life,' which was written straight oft without cor rection, Is the most popular. Mr Stanley Moses, the young violinist, and pupil of M. Ponsbard, who left Sydney a couple of years ago to study in Brussels, is reported as making considerable progress under the tuition of Eugene Yeaye, the brilliant virtuoso, who is one of the profes sors at thi Oonservatorinm at Brussels. Mr Moses has appeared successfully at concerts in that olty and Antwerp, and promises to take a prominent place as a violinist, Yaaye, a stout, heavy-looking Hebrew, who plays with wonderful technique, and is one of the world's leading violinists, is another example of the great talent which the Jews posses for music. From Mendelsshon down we find it. Emily Boldene refers to 'that dreadful last act of ' The Dnohessof Ooolgardie' Cnow being performed in London) which taking nlaoe In the 'Erin Go Bragh' Saloon, Cool oardle, is like nothing else in the world but an Immaculately dressed Irish ballet being danced in the Marble Bar, Pitt-street ?ydney. - Mr Bland Holt opened a new dramatic season at the Theatre Boj ftl, Melbourne, last Saturday evening with a grand military melodrama, entitled 'One of the Best,' which proved a most pronounced sucoess in London and Sydney. There has been a great rush all over the colonies to be first in with the cinematograph in remembrance of the harvest made by the phonograph in the beginning and the manner in which it ultimately palled as an entertainment. In Sydney we have three rival shows, in Melbourne they have had equal variety, and in New Zealand Mr L. J, Lohr is running one in connection with the Charles Godfrey combination, and tbe Meurs. H'Mahon have a duplicate of their Sydney machine going also. Sarah Berohardt recently produced ' La Dame aux Camelias' at the Renaissance, Paris, and dreBsed the piece in the fashions ot 1840. Tbe ladies seem to have called for no particular remark j but the men, in their long pleated frock coats with high waists, their peg-top trouBers and corly brimmed bats, raised many a laugh. They manage |tbinge on a liberal scale in France. Over £10,000 has been Bpent al 'ready on the proposed production of ' Monte Cristo' in Paris. Wilhelm has designed the dresses, and in some cases the silk has been specially woven at Lyons to suit his designs. In the cave scene there is to be an electrical light offset of illuminated jewels. In lauding at Napier, New Zealand, lately .from one of the steamers of the Union Com pany, Madame Muein left her jewellery, rained at £C00, behind in her cabin, in a ladyls ordinary handbag, which was un lockod, Madame's relief can be imagined when she learned that on the steamer's arrival at Wellington next day, tbe bag, vith Its contents nntouched, bad been handed over to the care of the company's agent, It was soon restored to its owner. The ghost of the late Sir A. Harris naB been . sun in Dmry Lane Theatre by four different people. The fireman en duty at night sayi he law him waving a prompt copy about from ai)ox same as he nsed to at Tehearaal. A Delated scene-shifter fays he saw him also. Which latter Is open to question, for scene snifters are not usually belated. When the onrtaln falls their one anxiety Is to get out and have a beer. Any way, a gholt Is a good thing to have about a theatre, especially at TJrury Lane. Mr Clement Scott, the great London theat rical critic has been himself criticised by some anonymous scribe In the Saturday Re view, and this is bow he commences a reply in tbe Bra just to hand : ' I have been bitten by a rat. A nasty, mangy, ill-conditioned, scur rilous rat -has crept out of tbo wninecotiog pf the old Saturday Beviea office, and snap ped at me while I was asleep.' The poor rat has two colnm&e; of scathing vitupera tion poured upon his devoted head. Mr Brough's Corned}- Company at the Bijou Theatre, Melbourne, are having a great success with 'A Mother of three.' fit popularity has outlaitod Mr Brougbj expeetatioqi, 