T h e P i e t u r a o f B a d L u c k By the Author of " Wandering! Simple Child, r <bc., dkc. of a CHAPTER XVIII.—(Continutd). "I wandered over a great part of . Australia looking for you, but I never found you, and it would have been better for UJ both had I never gone in ' search of you, poor lad. I went to the tin fields of New South Wales: I • located at the same camp that you had once held: I met that fiend "The Picture of Bad Luck.' I fell into her toils, and was unfaithful to my vows to your sweet sister, Hirreil ; and I let that devil worm my mission out of me when I was drunk, and 'hat, combined with the letters and photographs stolen from, you, enabled her to know your history. When I broke with her she followed me to America, and accident threw you in her way ; she recognised you, and at once saw her path clear for revenge ; she went to the police and gave you away to them—for Hennessy has told me all. You were arrested at her instigation, and your life has been ruined, your liberty taken away from you, and your mother laid in her grave with a broken heart ail through my cursed folly and that woman's wickedness. I irivc been a dog. Jack—worse than a do r 0 —but there is nothing I would not now do to help you or yours." " So it was the ' Picture's' work, was it?' 7 asked Tack. ' I wondered all along how I was picked up by the police. She is a dnisy, a real gem. Curse her and all belonging to her. I'm in for life unless I can make a break some u-<y and get away, and then ni be hunted all over the earth until I'm r«m down somewhere." "Don't you think that poiiiica influence can be brought to bear to get you released, Jack ?" " No, my boy, I know that card's in the hands of the enemy. The man I killed l .ft many behind him who have great power in the States, and I'm in for i i 1 don't blame you, pard : I , know what that women was and still j ip, and my own life has been wild ; enough. You went to do me good j and would have done it only for that j thing. You stick' to llirreii and let me take my chance. Some day I may 1 show them I'm as hard to hold as to j catch." " Hirreil has sent me from her sid e j for ever, Jack. Never again in lif e ! will she see me. You know her nature- ; 1 have revolted ail the finer feelings of j her beinj. and she wiil never look j upon my i'aee again. I came to see j you to tell you all and wish you good- ; bye, for I'm going West at once." j ! What is on out West, Aithorath " The redskins have grown tired of their reservation.; and mean to raise Cain all along the frontier, if ail that the licsvap-iper reports say is the truth. The Sioux chiefs are calling council and the ghost dance is being performed round the council fires, and the great medicine men are working up the devilment in the hearts of the tribesmen and ;.ll outlying settlers are now beginning <r. look after their hair. I'll get back and join one of the fiying squads of cavalry. I feci like killing and being killed. Anyway, J can't hang round here, it will drive me crazy. I have many friends amongst the western people a id shall have little, if any, difficulty about getting an opening, for, as you kno-v. Jack, men who r\u: ride hard r/ij. shoot straight are never too plentiful when the Sioux braves put on war paint. Many a cabin will blaze and many a rifle will crack before this row is over : I wish to (rod, lad, you and I could ride side by dde until the game was over; you and I would make a hot pair on the trail." " I wish to heaven I could mate, I'd give my life freely enough out in.-.the western wilds, but toWfcooped up here to drag but day after day and year after . year, it's terrible, Asthorathi Yes. pard, will money do anything ? Can |fOUjget at the gaolersJn any way ? my ! | ! j j I | j i J i j | | fortune is not so large, but all that the little wife can spare they can have, just to shut their eyes and ears for an hour some night, I'll guarantee never to be taken alive if* once I scale these cursed walls." CHAPTER XIX. THE CHOSEN VESSEL. The Very Rev. James Chalmers had left his delicate wife and step-daughter and had travelled with a singing evangelist from one part of Europe to another, preaching the glad tidings of love, peace and goodwill to all men and the theological world fell at his feet and worshipped him : for he poured forth floods of impassioned eloquence, and depicted the " man of Nazareth " in such melting, tender strains that atheists came to scoff and then remained to pray. He at last landed in the commercial empire of the world, London, or as he loved to call it, modern Babylon. Mighty throngs flocked to hear him day by day, gentle, high-bred women felt themselves honored when he pressed their hands ; the religiouspress styled him ttie new apostle, the 'nineteenth century Apostle Paul, who spake with a tongue of fire : all the fashionable centres heard the preacher's voice, crowned heads were bent in adoration when he iified his voice in prayer. Precious gifts reached his hands from potentatesand philosophers, and the man. of rod was happy. Me> f er did he wend his footsteps to the cast end of mightv London where the poor herd in their countless thousands, never could he be prevailed upon to go where the half-starve..:! work people, who drag out a dreary existence, (oiled on hopelessly day by d;iy. i /nee a gray-haired, gentle voiced old man sat and listened to him preach when Jamer. Chalmers had for his text the words, ' lie was a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief.' So earnest seemed the preacher, and so masterly his handling of the beautiful subject that the old man felt the tears courting down his furrowed cheeks ere the benediction littered. Me was a simple old preacher of the gospel himself-—* man who had spent his life in the cast end of 3 ,ondon toiling as here and there one parson can be found on earth to toil reverently, loyally, ungrudgingly ; scanty arid tnreadbare were the garments he wore ; white was his beard, yet as he pressed through the waiting crowd to press the great man's hand his step was firm and his head was high, for he felt that' he was to meet one upon whom the Master had set his seal in letters of living fire. With graceful dignity lie clasped the soft white hand of the saintly toiler in his own withered palms and blessed him a royal blessing, and then he told of the poor people in the shun*. On their behalf he besought the servant of Christ to preach, the word to his poor folks. 'The rich have ail good things,' he said, with melancholy pathos. ' they have ease and comfort, and n :ve;' know the bitter chill of the winter winds, or the sharp ed;;e of WIK the word of God is preached unto them they hear it from the lips of great orators, whilst the poor have hut men like ire to tell them the clear eld story.' But the great man tarned from him coldly and spoke sneeringly of the toilers. He had no word of love for them : thev were idle, improvident, ungrateful and thriftless, and he (James Chalmers) had a mission in a higher walk of iife. and Iv_ intended to fulfil it. With a bitter sigh the eld minister moved, his head sunk upon h'sheaving chest, and hot tears cf indignation swelling up in his eyes, for he loved his poor folks, and he murmured, " How long, oh Lord, how long. He scorns my poor, but he is not worthy to lead them into paths of peace and pleasantness, for he is a wolf ;n sheep's clothing." Bnt the great world roiled on, and James Chalmers held his head up with the highest and the most haughty. He worked hard and preached often, for the vanity in his soul was like a festering wound, and he could not get loo much adulation. He was in the midst of his glory when Hirreii's messig;". reached him telling of Jack's shauae and liis v wife's death. Bitter was his wrath agamst4#ieyouqg laiaa, slight was "his real sorrow for the 4ead woman, for in her presence he Always felt that his real nature was too plainly discernible. But he told his story to listening thousands from the pulpittold of the woman gone, but not of a son dishonored, and so matchless was his eloquence as he dwelt upon the refining, elevating influence of pure womanhood that it was spoken of in the press as his masterpiece, and he, the humble shepherd was content. Months passed away and he sent no word to Hirreil, no line of manly sympathy or commiseration, never a word of sorrow, or of hope, or comfort and from other sources she soon gleaned that her mother's memory had faded from his hollow heart. She could not help shedding a few scalding tears.over the news even though, in her heart, she despised the holy man, for to her loyal nature it was a sacrilege to forget one so good and true as the mother whose grave she visited every afternoon in sunshine and in storm. The Rev. James Chalmers had at last to cease from his labors j a cold, caught after an impassioned sermon in one of London's most aesthetic tabernacles, had affected his voice. The greatest physicians in London were called in at a moment's notice, and he was ordered to a little village in the heart of England for rest and change. " I will be face to face with God and nature," he said to his friends. In his own heart he said, " I will rust in this hole like a clod." But he went, and was, in a measure, surprised that the world did not stand still, or the sun cease to shed its daily light, because he was no longer amidst the war of mankind. He took up his abode at a J little farmhouse, and the curate, who had met him in London soon spread j the news that he was America's great revivalist, and the simple folk, the farmers and their sons, were glad ; for, they said, surely the seasons must now be prosperous ; and the farmer's wives took their little children up to him that he might do as his Master of old time had done in Judte, for they asked him that he would put his hands upon their heads and bless them that they might be blessed, and he did it; bat the children shrank from his touch, and little ones whimpered when they met the cold gleam of his hard eyes, and the elder ones clung to the matron's gowns, and hung down their heads with their fingers in their mouths, for instinct teaches children as it teaches dogs whom to love and whom to shrink from and distrust, and one little curlyheeded fellow—a cottager's household god—fell sick a few days after and died, and the magic of his name was broken, and he was allowed to go his way unloved' and unloving. One day the village was again in a ferment of excitement, for another visitor had arrived and had announced that she intended to stay, and as James Chalmers went from one part of the village to another, he could hear nothing from man or maid except descriptions of the new arrival, and th® simple folks were dazzled by her beauty. When he arrived home in the afternoon ha heard from his landlady that the new comer had taken up her abode at a neighboring farm, and had already given her landlady a commission to purchase for her the best hack in the vicinity. A few days later he was leaning over the rustic gate looking down a lovely shaded lane, when the sound of a horse's hoofs thundering along smote upon his ears, and a few seconds later a vision of womanly beauty, with golden hair streaming in the breeze, swept pact him. For a second he thought the horse had bolted with its fair burden, but as he saw the reckless pose of the figure—the hands well down and the head well up—he knew that the rider was master of the situation. That night as lie sat in his study with the lamplight falling upon the pile3 of manuscript his deft Sneers had prepared, his brain refused to be conquered, and between his eyes and his work floated the vision of the plunging horsewoman. In the morning he questioned the fanrier's wife and she told" him that the ffri he had seen was the visitor, and that her name was Miss Christie. People said she was the daughter of a great actor who had difcd in Australia. All the young fellows in thevicinity i^nni' were i skill in the saddle. No one had ever seen a woman ride as she rode, and the boldest cross-country men felt ishamed to ride at her side. She had been invited to «all at several good houses in the vicinity, but had 5 declined all invitations, and did not seem to care to know anyone. After that James Chalmers found himself constantly at the gate in the gloaming listening for the tramp of iron-shod hoofs. As the weeks sped by he grew restless, and at last astounded the farm folks by purchasing a steady-going,, good-looking cob, and he, too, began, to feel that a sharp gallop through the gloaming or at the peep of dawn was good for man as well as for maid. He had been a fine horseman in his college days, and even now made no bad figure in the saddle. All the neighborhood began to talk over the change in the great parson, and it was plainly hinted that he was in love with the strange lady. It was not long before the news reached the ears of the visitor's maid—a pert, authoritative young woman who knew her business and took good care that no one else should know it. One night, as she was undressing' her mistress, she informed her that it was the talk of the countryside that the wonderful American preacher, James Chalmers, was in love with her. 'Now, Ninette, my dear,' was the calm reply, 'why ever don't you tell me something new? Do you think that I do not know human nature well enough to be aware that when an elderly saint who has not been in a saddle for about ten years, sees a pretty girl riding a good horse and then for weeks never misses an. evening, but is religiously at his post in the gloaming waiting to see her again, and then buys himself a horse and rides in the same lane night and morning; am I to be supposed not to know the meaning of those symptoms ?' Ninette shrugged her pretty shoulders, smiled until all her pearly teeth gleamed in the firelight, but discreetly said nothing. "You are decidedly dull, Ninette. You did not tell me what sort of a parson's wife I should make." " Madame lias not told me that she had made up her mind about the future." " Mo, Ninette; but I have noticed that there are some subjects upon which you need but little information." ' Madame is doing me much honor, I am sure Madame will make a charming picture in a rectory, or in a church or chapel.' Madame made a grimace which did not make her face look any too charm-^ ing at the moment, and the maid* laughed slyly. ' He has a great name, this Monsieur Chalmers. I was with Madame O'Shea when he first came to London, and he took the whole nation by storm. It would be a great catch, even for you, with all your beauty, Madame.' 'You are remarkably free for a maid, Ninette.' ' Madame is always so considerate,' smiled the maid. ' Well, yes; you are so entertaining. Who was Mrs O'Shea, Ninette ?' ' Kitty O'Shea they call her now > she was the wife of the poor Captain O'Shea, of Pigott and London Times fame, Madame.' 'What the woman who got the Irishmen into trouble ?' . ' ' The same, Madame. It was Kitty O'Shea who laid the hopes of the great Irish party in ruin ; for what Gladstone and all the greatest statesman of England, .backed by the most powerful portion of the Press, could not succeed in doing, though "they spent millions of dollars, I'm told this woman did by herseE' A"'"- 'Was she pretty, Ninette?' 'Yes, madame; she had not madame's beauty, but she had a winning way with her that would have made, a jnarble lnan her lover in a short time.' ^ijv-• -••--• . 1 \- - - - — 