, THE MAN SHE FOUND. . / When Vio'.cfc Lingard announced that sho was going in for literature there were those among us who scoffed. Violet was so alarm ingly pretty, one would never suspect her of possessing brains. She was one of these girls with alluriog faces—the sort of bcautc-du-d.iable •f which Ouida is always writing, eyes of mo.st unholy bluo and lips which ciuld smile a man’s tool away. A fascinating minx with the most graceful and winning planners ; being of mcods, tender, repellent, kindly and' icy by turn*, she had created havoc and strewn devas tation wherever her dainty feot had trod. / Snddeely sho wearied of tie endless round of gaiety and fashion to which from her teens she had been accustoiped and amazed- her coterie by declaring btr intention of writing reslistio novels. Of course everyone said it was merely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn’t, that was the astounding part of it. jj Her first novel attracted more than passing notice. She was commended for her original and audacious style, tier clever plot and a cer tain dainty feminine touch. She was written about, interviewed ; her 'beauty. and her talent were praised by the paragrapiier* and all the details of her luxurious lire were brandished about the country, Eio:-'. being merely a typical society girl, a yoiing woman of elegance and fashion, she suddenly became a somebody to be pointed out ami stared al!n4*5‘niVc<rabjpt..« • This spasmodic adulation pleased Vio’et. She had always feasted upon flattery but now she revelled in it. She threw herself into a life of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but ter miserable ambition. ^ .. /-Local colouring came to be an absolute mania with her. She was always prating of \- 11 atmosphere ” and ' “ realism. ’ One can stand a lot of infernal nonsense from a pretty woman, hut really poor Vfbiet often grew actually tiresome with her endless rhapsodies about “ the divinily of realism.” It was just after publishing her second novel, a combination of ingenuity and wickedness, a amartish. brackish story you wouldn’t have liked your sister to wrile, that the girl decided to go to the far W, st in starch of “ local colour ” for her next attempt. " Yes,” she drawled with tho fine lady air of disdain she had assumed tiuce her success, “ yes, I am going in search of local colour and a hero. 1 may take a cowboy for tho latter— who knows ? Tilt y tell mo those fellows aro delightfully original and as breezy as the winds from the Rockies.” >~ ! She made up her mind she had not been misinformed when a month later, she met Jack Wcatherby. I Wcatherby was a child of the plains. Ho had never been cast of^the Mississippi and had an infinite contempt for the land of the rising tun. He bad hunted for a living ; he had been a cowboy and raised ns much of a rumpus in mining camps as llic next fellow. Now he owned bis own ranch and herds ; had settled down somewhat and had begun to think ho would like a wife and borne, f Ho was a handsome fellow, as fiery as the mustang he rode and as tender hearted as a woman—some women. t His ranch lay in the shadow of the Sangro do Chrislo range, next to that of the Atherton’s, where the New York girl was stopping. I Is acres stretched to the shadowy foot hills and over them roamed the sleek, well-fed creatures of which he was so proud. I: It was two days after her arrival that he saw her first. He had ridrtcu over to see Tom Ather ton, the big muscular Englishman, who was his particular crony, and had come down the trail with his customary “Hark” and “ Whoop.” As though riding the sightless couriers of the air,he dashed up to the little flower-garden, spurs and chains jingling, sombrero flapping, and letting ■ ont a yell which could have been heard in.Den Ver. And there by the sido oE pretty Mrs. Alhsrton, sat a stranger, a vision,'an angel. The astonished ranchman blushed and stam mered like a school hoy as he bowed awkwardly and apologised for his Apacbe-iike descent. IMio was this divinity iu.palrst pink, this radi ant creature with hair like gold and oyes like 'heaven’s own blue r “ My friend, Miss Lingard from New York,” Mrs. Atherton said. Pshaw ! She was a celestial being straight from 1’ara I have always pitied Weatherby. Never Tor one moment could I blame liim. Ho was a' primitive man with savage instincts lurking in liis breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward him self, how could he dream of the treacherous cruel blows one little soft white hand was .capable of dealing. ! Violet found this sturdy, brawny ranchero a Ideifglilful study, and decided that he should bo ;tbe hero of her next novel. His quaint wit and ■poetic fancies born of the mesas of the moun 'tain, his forcible and, often ungrammatical .speech was faithfully noted ; his emotions were played upon, his heart was probed. And he never dreamed he was being experimented on. 'He loved this exquisite crealure, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, ns he loved his life. He coveted her npd longed to shut her close to his big, faithful, honest hoait. i1 At last came the night when Violet carried ,ber psssiou for .“-atmosphere”»and “local colouring ” to its climax. They had gone for their custorakry evening stroll, and had climbed up n lofty butte to a broad ledge of rocks. At ti.eii lu.t r owned tile canon, tremendous,awfnl, black, save where the moonlight touched the opposite wall with ghostly fingers. Back of .them loomed the range like the battlements o.f |a phantom city. Through the pines in tho canon .the wind came sighing in mournful cadenco. | While far, far below sounded the faint rushing ■ of water—the river tumbling and foaming along [over its rocky bed. • "What a weird place,” cried Violet with a pretty litt'e shudder, “ and what a ghost-like night. WLy di£ we never corile up here before, Jack ? What a scene i Wealhcrby was lying at her feet where he ,had thrown himself £0 rest after their climb ’He turned his face, white in the moonlight-, toward her, and fixing his dusky, unfathom able ryes upon her, said : “ I kept Ibis place for !this Lour. I meant to bring you litre when I got iny courage to the paint where I could say ■all that is in my heart. • Many a time down, there,'’ pointing to the ranch lying below, “ I have looked up here and thought of the time I would bring you up to fell you how I • love ; bor cue instant Violet felt a queer little thrill. Tho simple., dignity of liis declaration almost moved the worldly,, cold-blooded girl. Then she thought of her local. colouring. “ mint a situation for my novel," she said to ihetFclf; then aloud gently : “ So you really love me, Jack l-”’ I “ Love you ?” he echoed passionately, as ho rose and sat down beside her, “ Violet, look,” taking her .hand, “my heart lies here in this dear little'hand.” Then throwing all rererye. to the winds, be seized her and kissed her madly, tempestuously, ! She struggled to free herself and at length; succeeded. " How dare you?" she demanded, “ how dare "— 1 " How dare I ?” he cried. “ Why dearest, I love you—I love you, do you hear ? And you, you love me a littld, do you not ?” He was approaching her again, when she said con temptuously : “ No, not a bit. I have simply , been studying you.” * I Ho stood as if turned to stone. " Studying me,” he said, in a queer voice, “ studying— ■why—why ?” he savagely demanded,' as be emi-M In r wrist and held it in mi iron grip. “ You were 60 different.” she faltered, a bil frightened at his sudden ferocity. “ I wanted a new type for my book, you know. I suppos# Tom told you I write books-,—” 1 An absolutely murderous lock r.wrpt ovci Wcatherby’s faco. " No,” ho said, “ no one ^oU me that. So you write hooks? And yen ranted to put me in it—was that it ? Answer ] me, answer me.*1 “ Yea,” she murmured faintly. “ And that was all! You never loved mo— never meant to marry me F” “ Why, no, lrow could IP I am. to bf married in the fail to a man in New York—” A snarl like, that of an infuriated beast inter rupted her. Livid with rage he sprang toward her. Once again he crushed her, shnnjcing and •trembling, to his breast, then dragged her to thf very edge of tho ranon, gaping tike.the bottom less pit to receive them. And as hrWagouised creams pierced the' soft sumnjjrj, night, Weathcrby, still holding her against his out rued heart, stepped off. ■ . . They found them nett day in the. bottom of the canon. Violet's lovely face was past recog nition, but on Wcstberby’s lingered a smile of such awful triumph os would have pleased the arch-fiend himself. ' 