ALLEGED SHEEP STEALING. DISCHARGE OF THE ACCUSED. A VERY WEAK CASE. Mr. Rowan, P.M., and the Mayor were engaged at the Horsham Police Court for several hours on Friday in investigating a charge of sheep stealing preferred by Angus McInnes, a grazier at the Little Wimmera, against Wilfred and Edgar Bushby, two lads aged 15 and 13 years respectively, sons of a well known settler at Drung Drung. Mr. Power appeared to prosecute and the accused were represented by Mr. Watson. The case for the prosecution was that early in December a flock of 500, sheep belonging to informant were taken out of a securely fenced paddock at the Little Wimmera in which they had- been placed and boxed with a flock belonging to the defendants' father and in charge of the accused. Notice of the boxing was given to the informant who was asked to draft his sheep out of the flock. He essayed to do so but was successful in recovering less than half of the missing sheep. Whilst engaged in looking for his missing sheep he came upon the two defendants, who had just skinned a couple of sheep. One of these had been hung from a tree, and this the informant identified by a mark on the nose (the head having been left on the carcase) as an ewe that had been included in the sheep lost. Later on McInnes cane across a shorn lamb bearing his ear mark that was, with a flock of their father's sheep, in charge of the defendants, and had recently been, further branded with the ear mark of the elder Bushby. This ewe and lamb (stated to be the property of Angus" McInnes and William Fraser Currie) the accused were specifically charged with stealing. Mr. Power having given an extended account of the alleged - stealing and of any professed occurrences supposed to be lead up to it, but most of them but very remotely connected. with it, called. John Bushby, owner of the Drung Drung property, upon which the defendants, his sons, worked. He knew nothing of the note produced, (to the informant) advising that 500 of MlcInnes' sheep had become boxed with his (witness') and asking that they should be drafted out and re- moved. He could not say by whom the note was written nor) could he identify the handwriting in which it was. He did not know the hand writing of his sons. He was in Mel- bourne from about the 19th November to the 9th December. In his absence his housekeeper, Mrs. Stevenson, was in charge of his place at Drung Drung and the two accused and a boy named Rissmann were looking after the sheep. During his absence, and when at Stawell, he instructed Rissmann to give McInnes notice and to muster his (witness') sheep from all the property. The informant had a cultivation pad- dock adjoining witness' property, but he had not complained of witness' sheep trespassing on it. It should have been possible to muster 1800 sheep, but he could not say how many were as a matter of fact mustered. He had been told that his sons were accussed of stealing McInnes sheep but he did not ask them on his return home how many sheep they had mustered or whether they had driven up any of McInnes'. He knew how- ever, that McInnes' sheep had been mustered with his. —To Mr. Watson : The boys in his absence were under the direction of the housekeeper and had to take instructions from her. His sheep had become boxed with McInnes' at the Little Wimmera. They were driven up to Drung Drung in order that they might be drafted out. They had made every effort separate McInnes' sheep from his at the Little Wimmera, but they were so boxed up they they failed Angus lclnnes, grazier at the Little Wimmera, the informant re- ceived the letter produced from the defendants on the 1st December. The letter intimated that 500 of his sheep had got boxed with Bushby's and asked that he would draft them out and remove them On the Thursday followiing the receipt of this he had a conversation with Wilfred Bushby in reference to the note. He asked Bushby whether he had brought the sheep and he said he had not and was going to pull witness for £100 dam- ages for cruelly treating the sheep by keeping them in the yard. Witness replied that it was Bushby and not he who had kept the sheep in the yard, and:Bushby answered, that he had notified the witness that the sheep were in the yard and he had failed to n "'fo them ' .'p;n :?e?e?iLvi'ng the note froin . Bushby : he examined non. .secuel.arid:. well: fencedi paddocks in wbsd.i his- sh.eep ere libeino ,razerd ?md ih" which he had seen theim "onthe 27ti.: T:he sheep couild obt get out mf this into Busihby's paillock. Ujlion exaitiing the paddock on' .the 3rd .Decei' found the' ates downr a" nd a;s of sheep in a flock ?;Jasva iis6oifdinven through the ?e-? .l?t-?e'.? t to Bushly's, accomn ".i'- is- partner, Ourrie, and -they met Wilfred Bshbly, who was Soi bis way to witness' place. B-islhbh, . after the conversation related above, -.old him to comne for his sheep in the '-or g. Witness said he would get them at once. Bushby said he could not as they were boxed with his. Wiatness replied that it would' not take lonn" to draft themn. Witness, Ourrie-and Bushhy then mustered some. paddoclts and got 130 sheep. Bushby said there had bieen 500 sheep, and the bal~nce must bie in some of the othlerpa'i~d;ks. As it was then sundown it was arranged that Currie should remain with what sheep had been mustered and that the balance of the' driffting should be done in the mornin'n In pursuance of this ar rangement, Currie remained in charge gf--?4$he sheep and witness went home. b- "eturned the following morning ?tid on his way saw about 15 or 20 ":-f his' sheep in Bushby's paddockes. He also saw Edgar Bushby running towards his ' father's house, distant about: 20 yards, with a sheepskin under his'armn. Witness went up to where the lad lhad been skinning a sheep and- found the carcases, newly killed, of two sheep, over one of which, partially skinned, the other defendant, Wilfred ;Buahby, was standing, com pletiig the skinning. Witness. asked after Currie and was told by.Wilfred Bushby that he had gone home and had tsken with him all witness':sheep that.had been on the property. Wit ness jaii-that could not be so as he had-seen some of the sheep .in the paddocks as he had comlle along. The' paddock hdving been indicated Bushby said there could be none of witness' ,hsep in it as it had been ?:mustered, Witness examined the carcase of the sheep that had been skinned, and 'which was hanginig on a tree, and found his mark on the nose. He pointed this out to Bushby, who ad nitted the mark. Witness took the carcase away,. saying'he would feed his dogs with it, Bushhy offering no objection. He subsequently swore an information,'n upon which a search warrant was issued. Bushhy said nothing to him of Currie having given him the sheep. He returned with the constable who was to execute the search warrant and took up the ear case of the sheep, which he had left at the school house. lie skinned the head of the carcase and he identified the nose mark (part of the scalp) produced as his. They then went on to Bushby's, where they saw the two defendants and the housekeeper, Mrs. Stevenson. The constable asked whether they had any skins about the place and the woman replied that there were some skins on the fence. The constable, Mrs. Stevenson, the defendants and the witness went over to the fence where a skin was found, branded with his brand, an ace of clubs (red) on one side and an A (black) on the other, which witness identified as his. Questioned as to the skin one of the defendants-he could not say which--said Currie had given him the sheep from whichi the skin had been taken. Witness, with the assistance of Wilfred Bushby,' made another muster, as the result of which he recovered 28 more of his sheep. Amongst these was a shorn lamb, which he identified as his by a' tip off the ear and a snip off:the nose, h's private mark. The lamb :was found on 'examination to have hned .Bushby's earmark recently? put uioni it. The lambhreferred to was one of the sheep witness had placed ii the paddock from which the mob of 500 'had been taken. He did not dra-v Bus hby's sattesntion tbo this Iamlh~ss nothing was sala' in re ence'o it. Cross-examined by M- Watson : It wasginssifsle thit'fhek sheephefsaw'in' the padtock on the, aornirni he dis covered the defendant skinning beasts hadi. escaped, from" the paddock, into which the shieep rounded up the 'fre 'vious night.had.heen ;placed. .Of the 500 sheep he had missed he recovered 199 from Bushhy, 160: frothi the: poundi isd?thiEl they had: been placed by, a man named! Sheehanland 31 from.- another settler., ,He, wrote to the Bushbayslthreatening to prosecunts them for sheep 'tealing unless they returned his sheep. - Ori the followine :day.he saw Wilfred Bushbyl6o'io"3' hiin tliat if Ihe did nriot,tiike the sheep, away he. would impoundthemn Mr. Henry; Blake, a ieiglbor; as~ist(ied witness tobmuster Bushllbyis paddocks. William Fraser 'Currie, joint-owner of :the ste ep alleged to have been" stolen,, assisted the last .witness 'to draft out the sheep on the ist Deceiei her?.: He corrodlioratedtihe evideice of McTnneseas to: whiat occurred then. He . took chirgeof tbe 130 sheel drifted out. .He, counted tlhem the followring morniigm anid tfound ithait there were still 130_:: Onthliast' noriibg he :noticed ann- ewe ;:eloniRging to MdInnes andhimself, close to Buishy's houbse.i H?' remarked .to'. Wilfred Bushby thoat he wouldltake her,later on. He mustered 40 or.50 more.sheep and joine'd hese to ie i s nisltob .:;As lhe was, driving th?e'o1Caway,"he re marked that'li.liad fo'rgotteh thia ewe ind 'Wilfred "Bushbi' said that lihe would send it down, with other stragglers, when it got fat, by his shepherd Rissmann. Witness asked Bushby for the balance of the 500 missing sheep, and he replied that he thought witncoo-had thenm all. The -dwe left behind at the house, though weak from-having - been in the yard, iwas not decrepit. He gave the defen dants no authority to kill or other wise dispose of it.-Cross- examined by Mr . Watson : Her slept?t; Bnghby's house on the night after mustering. He did not think the .ewe was kept in the house that night ; it was certai F?ynote nin tho" room itn.wlichi "siith the twso defendants, he slept. It w as standing in thle, morning, at the door of the.house.' -.; rt was noweaker thadrthe other sheep: The defend?taits gave liare every :assistance .mn. muster" in. He was 'prepared" to::make noi suggestion as to the conduct of the accused;?: Hei:'had: h o conversation' with Mrs. Stevenson in regard to the ewe, nor did he make atny nlention of sheep in her presence -To the Bench: The sheep were very weak. Police-Constable Levittidepomed that .made an iuvestigatin at Mr. John Bushby's,, I.rus Drung, on thefth DPecemler. On the w.ay .out they cilod at the school house, whe'e they recovered the head of a shepp carcase. upon which he was s?h n'-: i; ln ,MeInpes said was his mark. Upo "arving, at- Bushby's: li sa : M.rls. Stie?et.isot.il He isced hle whliet? ushby senior was in. She said he was-nut,i-but that she: knewthat -he fwitness) was after a dirty old sklii tn' h;n'h ing on thiefehce~iwiiech" 'as not worth the trouble he was titkiti about it. Witness"iHaid,'" i Whai ist -do you mean ?" She :replied,, ; TI:he skin of tha t m?n;'s *(pointing .to McInnes) sheep that died in the porch last itight." Witness said he had a w'arrant. to se-i'ch the. p?hde:for:. sheep skin and some steep belonging to McInnes. Th'e woman said there was- no one at home and.that slie knew nothing about..the matter. He tthet proceeded to search the place. He found a skin which' Melnnes identi filed as his and which Mrs. Steveinsn pointed out to him as one of three others. H'e exiamined a numnler of other skins, but none of them were claimed by MeInnes. The informant walked with witness in the direction of the paddlock aid met the accused, who were in a trap. They gave their names as Edgar and Wilfred Bushly, and he .oldd them thalt lie had cotine out to search for some sheep belonging to McInnes and asked whether they knew of any. Wilfred Bushby said yes, he had seen two or three as he had come through a paddock which he indicated by pointing to. it. The two lads helped to run these sheep up, and 11 bearing McInnes' brand were counted. He asked Edgar Bushby' whether he had killed any sheep that day and he said 'only' the one McInnes' mate (Currie) had left. The boy denied that he had run away in the morning when McInnes had surprised him skinn- ing the sheep, saying that he had only gone away for a drink, of water. It was then dark and Wilfred volunteered to assist McInnes to muster the re mainder of the paddocks in the morn ing. Witness asked the housekeeper for a drink of water and she said she had nd water fit to drink, but gave him a glass of milk. Oross-examined by Mr. Watson : The accused Edgar Bushby, in reply to a question, said the ewe was so poor that he had " cut its 'throat to save its life." (Laugh ter.) The accused gave him every assistance in the execution of his search warr-ant and showed no desire to hide or keep anything back. Henry Blake, of Ballyglunin Pirk, accompanied McInnes to Mr. Bushby's sheep yards on 4th December. He also visited the yards alone on the 30th November, the defendants being both present. There was then a mob of sheep there that did not belong to Bushby. These were branded with a red ace and a black A., 1McInnes' brands.. In reply. to a question,one of the accused said there were between five and six hundred sheep in the tob, and that they belonged to a " man at the creek." Witness himself judged that there were over 500 sheep in the mob. They were thin but not execptionally bad. On the occasion of the visit on the 4th December witness saw McInnes draft out a shorn lamb masrked with his ear mark and also newly marked with a second ear mark. -Cross-examined by Mr. Watson: He did not notice any of Bushby's sheep in the mob he saw on the 30th November. This closed the. case for.the pro secution. Mr. Watson claimed thiat there w~is not a title of eviderce to substantiate the charge -of stealing ,the lamb; to appropriate which no- efor '-whatever had been made bythbe:accused., As to the sheep, he proposedte',h! -w that it was a decrepit old eaa:~: til:nothing to aiiyone"and, killed Lucause of its `uselessnesis. M..rs. Stevenisoil, the housekeeper, had belieed it .'to be dead and had told the: accused. Edga' Bushby to"drag it away from the house and skin it. This he did, first, as a precautiorf,citting its throat.: M rs Annie Stevenson; , housekeeper to Mr. Bushby; remembered, McInnes an~ 'Currie cominig to the house on'the .3rdDeceriber. :MlcInriles went sway' t; isunidown but Carrie reinraided all night. She rein'iiii?red the ewe.i.wliih the defendantsi we?' accusedl of steal in;. ""It" wias lying.' in:' tihe pas sage in an apparently hlielpless istate. ''Slie :disked Coririe 'when he was leaving in the morning- whiat she shonld do with itl"a'dd he s'id iiit was !'iii good. When the accused Edgar Bushby ,came she told him :to take away.: the awe, which was foaming at the mouth and making a.great mess in 'the passage; and skin .it. .Wilfred was at th'e tiine'away ?'ssisting Currie t mnidster his sheep. Onhiis returid hl. drosve up' a flock of sheep and killed one of them for' the hiouse. When Milnnes came' up Wilfred :Twas'skin 'nisig this: sheep.; When Constable Lodvitt came to the hoiuse ho asked her. whether they hind killed a sheep th~re 'that day; and she repliedi no but they had skinned one. She told him that the skin of the sheep was out'on' the 'feice witli'' otliers: No 'men;tion wa?s thlie made of a- lamb.-- Cross' examined by Mr. Poiwe She did niot ?ieet the constable by, sayiing.'.thit she knew ie had come'about' i dirty old skin.: 'The boys drank the water 'fromn the ; house, but 'she would 'not 'offeri'. it :to a.. stranger; .: Therefore,? when the 'constable asked for a drink of wsiter she gaire him a glass :of milli. Immediately; after skrining, thi 'ewe the defendant Edgar :Bushby, came to the house for a drink of water, but had no. skin with ';hiin. The skin of the ewe had'thedn beeh hunigicross:the fence: She-saw 'l'McIneis take iwivay the carcase " of the ewe, the defendant .Edgar Bushby riding away with :him; the two' going in the' directiond of :the school house, which'iadjoined ai paddock in svhich the ,lad .was to;round-somne sheep for Mcnries.' She did' nc hear Currie say on going away 'that. 'he would call forthe ewe later' on. 'Shy assisted the boy to carrythe: eweout. 'and wassure itt was dead. :It did not give '?" kick 'when the lad cut- its throat and 'hnly-lile~d )Y' little! She kn'ew that: the .defendant Wilfred Bushhy had i sieit !0!;note to McInnes telling him that 500 of his sheep were in his (Bushhy's)' fatheir's yard and asking him to removefthem. .- Charles Rissmann, shepherd, em ployed; by John Bushby, the father of the accused, .remembered some sheep of the informant's getting boxed with a mob he was looking after for Bushby at the Little Wimmera .He could not say how many of McInnes' sheep were boxed with the mob. About a week after he discovered the boxing of the sheep he saw Melnh?se' who said he would draft out on the following day. He did not do so. It was untrue, as had been seated, that McInnes sheep were in a securely fenced paddock on the 29th November. After the mob with which McInnes' sheep had got mixed had been driven from the Little Wim mera to Drung Drund witnessa'stiias ted t6 draft: lcInnes sheep, 1o the .iuilnheri hle thlought,of o::about.O h00 out of it. He remeleberedi'Mlcnnes seeing lilm andi" 'ellilge hilii "'that'' the" sheep :wo??ld lieve tobe brb?oh?,"hiback by 12 o'clock the following day. Cross- examined hb; "Mi"',:;Pdo?r?"e - HeR would : outradice· Mr. Blake .when;lie said that.there were between five and six hundred of: Mclnnes' sheep in Bushby's u n'oi?.n : Edglar Bushby,. one of the :defen dants, remenmbered driving a mob of sheep from his father's land -the Little Wiinmera to Drung Drung. On the following day, a Monday, he drafted them. There were some of McInnes' sheep amongst, them, and these he, put in a yard by themselves. He remem bered skinning a ewe. The ewe was lying dead in the paddock, with froth coming out of its mouth. He skinned the ewe, hung the skin on the fence and suspended the carcase from a tree. His brother Wilfred was away at the time, but shortly afterwards returned with a mob of sheep, one of which he killed for the house. McInnes came up and as he did so, witness went to the house to get a drink. He then re turned to where Mclnnes was Mclnness asked him to help to round up some sheep of his that were down in a paddock near the school. Witness got a horse and rode for half a mile with McInnes, after which they parted company, witness going to the pad dock indicated with the intention of driving McInnes' sheep up to the yard. Nothing was said to witness by either McInnes or Currie of a missing lamb. -Cross-examined by Mr. Power: He drove up McInnes'sheep from the Little Winmmera to Drung Drung be cause he had no conveniences for drafting down at the Little Wimmera. He endeavored to draft them out, but did not succeed. To the Bench : He intended, if McInnes did not claim it, to give the carcase of the ewe to the dogs. It was never intended to use the sheep in the house. Mr Power argued at some length that a criminal intent on their part had been shown and a prima- facie case against the defendants established. Mr. Watson replied, claiming that there had been absolute failure to show any criminal motive actuating the defendants. The chairman (Mr. Rowan) said that in the opinion of the bench there was not sufficient evidence upon which to send the defendants for trial. They would accordingly be discharged. The evidence was far short of sufficient to warrant a commitment, and no jury in the world would convict upon it. He counselled that sheep owners should provide themselves with secure pad docks. Then there would be less trouble amongst neighboring pastora lists than there was. The informant's sheep appeared to be roaming at large over the entire country. The new Bishop of London has a keen sense of humor. During a con firmation tour in the diocese of Peter.. borough, Dr Creighton put up one evening in an old manor house, and slept ina room supposed to be haunted: Next moriing,at breakfast, the Bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost. "Yes" he replied with great solemnity, " but I have laid the spirit; it will never trouble you' again." :On being further interrogated as to wlhat he had done, the Bishop :said' ::.The ghost instantly vanished when:I asked for ai subscription towaidsa the'restbr ation.of Pete borough Cthedral". 