A MAN'S PRIVILEGE. V '' t»0jr FIBBT TUBZIBBBB. " \- all queensland biohts bisesved. CHAPTER XIII.— (Oontmtei.) : . By DORA RUSSELL, Author of "A Country Sweetheart," "Tho :Last Signal," "Footprints in tho Snow," "Tho Broken Soal," "The Vicar's Governess," &c.;, &o.; 'What folly,' said Florenoe, but the colour deepened considerably on her oval i ' But it's true, isn't it, Flo ?' 'I think such things should never he spoken of.' ' But imagine the feelings of the lady- 1 killer ! Bob ' has money in the bank ; i Bob is the only son and heir of the valiant . knight ; and Sob believed that the woman did not live in this world who would \- refuse him !' ' I wonder he mentioned it.' ' He was obliged to mention it. Sir Robert had fixed on it ; you were aeked to dinner to give Bob hie opportunity ; Bob took his opportunity, and failed, while hiB father was sitting up to hear of hie success. Ob, poor Bob !' Florence could not help laughing. She wus' remembering the terms in which Robert Leman had made his proposal. ' He's a clever actor, I think,' she said, ' Oh, cruel Flo! la that all ths pity you give to his broken heart?' ' I don't believe iu his broken heart,' answered Florence, a little scornfully. 'Nor I, but still I believe he was wofully disappointed — and well he might be.' Stephen Wilde said the last few words in rather a lower tone, bnt Florenoe heard them. Then she began talking of something else, and the conversation drifted on to literature, and here Wilde was in his element. He talked well, easily and fluently, but all his words were more or less tinged with sarcasm. ' Each man fights for himself,' he said presently, 'and the strongest wins.' ' Yet I could believe in self-saorifioe, inforgetfuluessof self,' answered Florence. 'That is beoauee you are young and innocent, my dear ; and see the world only through your own pure eyes and not as it is. I am different.' For a moment a dark look crossed his face, and he turned restlessly away. But only for a brief space. He either was, or affected to be, in extraordinary good spirits and remained to dine with Florence, and they spent a very pleasant evening together. Yet the very next day such an extraordinary incident happened, that Florence's peace of mind was, for the time at least, again completely upset. She wbb shopping daring the afternoon in Oxford street, and her carriage was waiting for her outside. When Bhe had completed her purchases, she walked to the door, followed by a shopman carrying her parcels. As the shopman gave them to her servant, Florence's eyes chanced to fall on a hansom cab passing down tho atreet. The next instant she started violently, and a vivid flush rose to her oheeks. Iu the hansom she was almost sure she saw a face she knew. A face she never could forget — the handsome face of Nora Ford, with its orown of golden hair. Florence was greatly agitated. The cab disappeared swiftly in the orowd,but for a short time Florence stood gazing after it almost overcome. What did this mean ? Nora Ford in London and not in /India with George Herbert, as she was supposed to he ? Florence asked herself thia question again and again with a fluttering hoart as she was driven home. She returned ' to Grosvenor place at once, and had scarcely got there when she sent a telegram to Stephen Wilde to summon him to her side. He came in almost an hour, and found . Florence visibly disturbed. She was pale, she was trembling, and her sensitive lips quivered as she spoke. 'Stephen,' she said, talcing his hand, 'I've been so startled — I — I saw this afternoon — someone ' 'Whom did you see?' asked Stephen Wilde quickly. ' Someone whom I hoped never to see again — whom I have tried to forget — whose name I have never mentioned,' answered Florence with agitation. ' Well, who was it ? ' 'Nora Ford,' answered Florence, in a low, conoentrated voice. ' I am almost sure. I was standing at a shop door in Oxford atreet, and she passed in a cab. I do not think I could be mistaken. What i does this mean ? ' An angry expression for an instant . crossed Stephen Wilde's face. 'It means that you must have been mistaken,' he said, a moment later. ' Nora i Ford is not in London, hut in India with ' George Herbert.' ' But are you sure ? ' ' I am quite sure that she wont to India at laBt with him. . I know a follow who saw them together at Southampton, hut as you said I had never to mention her name to you again, I did not tell you of this before.' Florence heaved a long, quivering sigh. ' Can sho have returned ? ' she said. ' He must have tired of her very soon, then ! No, my dear Flo, you havo mis taken someone else for her. She is not a very uncommon type, you kuow.' ' Yet I oould almost swear I saw hor faoe.' 'My dear, how could you ? It's abso lutely impossible. Even if Herbert had turned her adrift, it's most unlikely she would be here. Put the idea out of your mind, Florence. I am sure it is an erroneous one, unless it was the poor lady's astral form that the spiritualists talk about.' And Stephen Wilde gave a short, hard laugh. But Florenoe did not laugh. 'f it is very strange,' she said, slowly, f I know her face so well— perhaps she . may be dead.' 'Not sho! But dead or alive, do not think about her. Why, my dear Florenoe,' . continued Wilde, taking her hand, 'it's y/giyen you quite a scare. You are quite pale.' ;l.y - .'It has given me a great shook ; it haa ' brought it all back again— all that I ; wished to forgot.' . ' You must forget it. Flo, may I ring ,'for a whisky and soda, fori eame in suoh H hot haste the moment I reooived your i . 'telegram that I feel I require a little . bxjara support.' i ; ' Order what you like, of course,' said Florence : ,bjit she found that for many days af ter she oould hot forget the haunt ing face she had Seen in the cab. ' ' CHAPTER XIV. - Woburn Hall. Among the many possessions which Florence Dane had inherited from her uncle was one which she had never seen, a oountry house called Woburn Hall. Mr. Dane had purchased this property shortly before his sudden death, intend ing to take Florence there in the spring. But no spring days were fated to dawn for him again. Yet when the chill February days came round, Florence felt a strange wish to see for the first time her country home. A change would do her good, she felt ; a oomplete change of scene, and so she decided to leave town for awhile. But when she told Stephen Wilde of her in tentions, he did not look over well pleased. 'I hope you'll invite me down there,' he said. 'Yes,' answered Florence, smiling, ' you oan come down on Saturday even ing sometimes, and stay over Sunday, and that will not interfere with your work.' ' But what if I get sentimental, Flo, among the snowdrops and the ioioles ?' ' Please do not get sentimental.' 'Well, I'll do my best, but— I cannot be quite certain, yon know ! And thia baronial residence of yours, what is it like?' 'An old gray handsome house, poor uncle told me; he partly furnished it, you know,' ' Is it haunted ? ' ' That I cannot tell you, but I- hope not.' ' I hope not, too ; spirits are uncanny company to my mind. But when are you going ? I had better go down with you and see you safely settled.' ' Oh, no, I'll do very well. I'll take Mrs. Hitohin and Banks with me, and I must have the place put in order before I can receive company.' ' And you laok upon me ae company ? ' ' A man is always in the way, you know,' answered Florence, brightly, ' when things are out of order. Women oan put up with disoomforts, but they cannot. Isn't that quite true, now ?' ' I believe, my dear, it is ! Men can rough it as a rule, bear real hardships ; but when it comes to the small annoyances of life I must confess they are somewhat selfish.' ' I am glad you confess it. Wait then till my caTpets are put down, and my rooms well aired, and everything ii com fortable, and then I shall he glad to see you at Woburn.' Stephen Wilde laughed. ' What a cruel little girl you are,' he aid, 'to condemn a fellow byhiaown words. Come, Florence, I am not ae bad aa that. I am willing to risk draughts, ghosts, and icicleB for your sake if you will allow me.' Florence smiled and shook her head. ' No,' she said ; ' and I will promise when I have diBoovered the haunted ohamber that you shall not be put into it.' ' When are you really going then ?' ' The day after to-morrow — Thursday.' ' Well, I shall come and see you off at any rate.' 'Don't give yourself tho trouble; I shall do very well.' Nevertheless when the day came for Florence to leave town, Stephen Wilde went to Grosvenor place to see her off, and accompanied her in her carriage to the station. 'Why Bhould I not?' he aaid, when Florence objected to taking up so muoh of his time. ' Your cousin — your nearest friend.' 'Yes, my cousin, my friend,' answered Florence, and when "they parted at the railway station she remembered his words, and wm glad to think she was not quite alone in the world. Woburn Hall is about three honrs' railway journey from London, and, some what chilled and tired, on a bleak Feb ruary afternoon, Florence first came in sight of her new home. A grand old mansion, standing gray and imposing at the end of a long avenuo of leafless trees, waving their bare branches under the dull sky. Still Florence felt a sort of pride swell iu her breast aa she looked at her new possession. And then— so strange is the human hoart —that ono of those subtle links whioh lurk unseen within and around us, her mind wandered to a for different scene, to a glowing eastern sky; to a dark and often weary face. ' Why can I not forget him ?' thought Florence, with a restless sigh. But she had not muoh time to indulge in bitter memories. The hired carriage Bhe had got at the station soon drew up before the handsome entrance, and the sorvants she had sent on to reoeive hor Banks, her late uncle's butler, and a foot man — ran down the steps to maet their mistress. There wss a bright fire in the large hall ; bright fires in every room that was furnished. The luggago was brought in ; there was tho stir and ox- oitement of arrival, the inspection of the new house. A really fine old house, too. It liad belonged to a race that had passed away ; an aeoient race whose fortunes had fallen ; but the surroundings of gentle birth still seemed to linger about the place. The dining-room, with its carved oak panels, its broad tables and massive chairs, whioh Mr. Dane had purohased with the houso, evon tho antique timepiece, which had told tho passing hours to thoso who knew tho hours no more, all were of the past. Florenoe was naturally much interested. She went from room to room, accom panied by Mrs. Mitchin, her house keeper, and Banks, the butler, who had been two days at Woburn, and had already looked ovor the whole place. There were only two or three bedrooms furnished, and the long drawing-room was empty except for the gilded mirrors inserted in the walls. Florence, there fore, had muoh to do and think of. Carpets and ourtains were to he oou- sidered and ordered, and with note-hook in hand she went through her inspection. . Her arrival had also caused great ex- citoment in the village of Woburn, whioh is not far distant from the park gutes. An old- world place this, where scarcely a modern thing is to be seen. The cottages are mostly thatched, and the lnrger houses time-worn. It consists of a long, straggling atreet, at the end of whioh stand the vicarage and the church. But human nature is the samo every where. When it was known , that Mr. Dane's heiress was coming to take up her abode, for a time at least, at the hall, ideas wore stimulated in many a heart. Mr. Meadowdevr, the vicar, tall, portly, and broad alike in person and views, rejoiced in . beart to think of his new parishioner; He had been a widower for one year, but was not inoonaolate, and thus maiden ladies,' at least in the village, were thrown into flutter whenever he appeared. Then his curate, Mr. Gibson —dark, straight-featured and good-look ing — hod heard of Miss Dane and her two hundred thousand pounds not un moved. Men, however, were rare beings ,at Woburn. There were three Misses Chamberlain, who lived at Lee House, a red briok mansion with ivied walls, whose only brother wns serving with his regi ment in India. The sons went away, somehow, from thia quiet hamlet, and the daughters remained. A marriage only ocourred at distant intervals ; and women faded from youth to age without having a single ohance of changing their condition. But this melancholy atate of things did not prevent gossip. There was a scandal about the doctor's wife — a. pretty woman — and a young farmer in the neighbour hood. They talked of each other's con- oernB, regulated each other's affairs, and knew when anyone got a new bonnet or a new dreBS. Imagine the excitement, therefore, when it became known that the old hall was to be reopened ; and that a rich girl was about to appear. Mr. Meadowdew thought it his duty to call on Florence the morning after her arrival. He was her first visitor, and she was out in the garden, whioh was terribly neglected, when he came. But she went indoors to receive him, and a really very good-looking, middle-aged man stood before her. 'Miss Dane,' he said, holding out a shapely hand, ' I am most happy to make your acquaintance. I am Mr. Meadow- dew, the Vicar of Woburn.' ' I am very pleased to see you,' answered Florence. ' So you have come to spend some little time- with us, I hear?' - continued the Vicar, with a benign smile. ' I hope so, at least,' replied Florence, smiling also. ' My poor uncle, who bought this place, intended to come in the spring, hut unfortunately ' 'He was cut off,' proceeded Mr. Meadowdew, as Florence paused. We heard of his untimely death with deep sorrow. But wo must be prepared for these sad events in this world, Miss Dane. A year ago I had a great loss ; my poor wife was taken away from me, and now I am a lonely man.' ' That must have been a terrible trouble?' ' It was ; but time is the great con- solor, Miss Dane, and my poor lost one was a sad invalid for six months before her release. It was no doubt a meroy when she was taken.' ' Havo you any children ? ' 1 Two little darlings ; but you must come and see them. I feel sure by your faoe that you love children.' ' I have not been much in the way of them.' ' But the love of children is born in the hearts of good women. Nature is their teacher ; the lisp of infant music iu their ears.' Florence could not help smiling. ' Shall I have many neighbours?' she said, by way or ohanging the conver sation. ' Not many, but still there are seme pleasant families living in and around the village. But it is a quiet apot. I trust you, aooustomed to the great city, will not weary of it.' ' Oh, I love the country, you know. My father was a country clergyman, and I was brought up in a very quiet home.' 'A country clergyman ! la this indeed so ? It seems to make a bond between us already. No longer shall I fear that you will despise our humble lives.' to be continued To-ironnow. 