ST. MA IT EE IF'.? SABBA TH SCHOOL LONG GULLY:. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation stone of "the new building boing erected in connection with St. Matthew's Sabbath School, Long Gully, was laid by the V.enerable Archdeacon ■ MacCullagh yesterday evening in the presence of a numbsr of members of the congregation and friends. The proceed ings opened by the scholars,: assisted by the church choir, singing a hymn written expressly for the occasion by Mr. A. Allison, and-set -to music composed by Mr. F..A. PoikiDghorne, the firEt verse of which run8 : — . To Thee,. 0 Lord, who ri-igGS abovei This temple we would raise, ■ . .. Wherein to guide and teseh tha y'oua'g Toeing Thj holy praise." The hymn was rendered Very effectively, Mr. Polkinghorno conducting, whilst Mjss. M. A. Richards made an efficient, organist. ' ' The Rev. N. Jcnea, -who acted as".' m&ster; of ceremonies," then announced the objects for which the edifice is being constructed,. and offered up pruver. r ' Mr. A. ^.''Collier, the contractor,'next ad vanced. and presenting the archdeacon with' a. small trowel, requested him to lay the founda tion stone. . _ 2TArchdea.con,MapCailagh forthwith stirred the mortar with the trowel, and s*id, "I lav the foundation stone of St. Matthew's Sabbath School in tb'e name of the Father and of the Son and of the Hnly Ghost. Amen." The stone'having ,bcen set and the spirit , level ap plied, the archdeacon, whilst tapping it with a mallet, remarked.:—I declare this foundation' stone to bs well and truly laid in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Then addressing the assemblage he ob-, served that the purpose tor which they had met that day was one of the mcst important that could occupy • the minds of thoughtful people. Upon the present genera tion and those that were growing up as young people would depend in a very great measure : the future success of this great colony. Their fathers, the pioneers of the coloDy, had labored nobly and well, and many of them had been called to their rest, leaving an example behind worthy of emulation. He hoped the rising generation would li°e to carry on and improve . the good work done by the old pioneers, . remembering ..that.." Righteousness exalteth: a nation and sin debaucheth - it.'1 It behoved them all to see that.the children ware in structed in all branches' of education, eo that they could take their position in society, teach : ing those truths by which they would be enabled; to guide their footsteps along the path of life and discharge their duties in the light of truth,• : and of God. He congratulated'the congregation' of St. Matthew's upon the energy and liberality display ed j in bringing about ' the erection • of so* fine a building to replace the old school premises. Not long ago the church i was in difficulties, but' now they had been j tided over, and the church wss making rapid ■progress, whilst the Sabbath school had in creased. Ia,the , new building they had evi dence :of lie, of energy, of • faith, arid' of i generosity, and he-trn.ited;rthafc the good wnrlr would go on and succeed, and that generation ;after generation might grow up in connection :with the school to be a blessing to their parents and a credit to society. • ' The Rev. 0. A. Brewer, B.A., of E3gle jhawk, also addressed a fit? words to. this",' !asiiernblage, eulogising the congregation for its ienergy and liberality, and urging parents to 'support the Sabbath School, and encourage the 'teachers in their self-denying work. _ The H»vi N. Jonea then announced that iwhiist the choir sang the concluding hymn ["Father, 0 Father," offerings placed" on' the foundation stone towards defraying the cost of the building would be thankfully received. Four months • ago the church authorities inevsr dreamt- -of - ereet-ing.; auch fins .school, but 'the committee resolved to \ erect a new building instead of patching ' up the old one, and. set to. yi'ork: in earnest. The: result was that the building was now nearly comnlc-ted, and about ihrc-e-'fourths of the cost had already been raised. Mr. Jones psid a high compliment to the contractor, Mr. Collier, and added that the contract price would barely pay him for the material. Whilst the choir rendered the hymn a num ber of offerings were deposited on the stone. . Archdeacon MicCullagh then offered up prayer, and the proceedings terminated. The new structure is composed of brick, and stands on the site of the old echool, compared with which it ia twice ns large, measuring 50 'eet by '24 feet, with an ante-room nt the back 10 feet bv 25 feet. The main room has seating capacity."for nearly 300.. A small .. platform stands at the southern, end. The building is loftv and well ventilated, and the interior pre sents a very attractive appearance. An in novation has been introduced to beautify the windows, ami the effect is most pleas ing Beautiful christographs have been in serted between two sheets of glass, and they resemble handsamo handp&inted; ^ windows. Each window represents one or other branch of the fine arts, such as painting, music, etc. The brick walls all round the interior arc about to be panelled out, and inscribed with texts in ornamental letters. The building is fast ap proaching completion. Mr. A. Collier is the architect and contractor, and; it is_ needless to say that the contract has been faithtuliy ful filled. Messrs. Reeves and Sons, builder?, carried out the woodwork,.and Mr..IT. Mills the brickwork. The cost will be about £210. 