IN THE BARPABLOR. ?'Tailing into consideration the manifold bleewgs rwhioh ( are 6bowered upon us. in tTifs iife,' ob served the Sunday .Man, reflec tively, ' I consider that in Hobart We are awfully well dealt by, and should be thankfajitideed..' : ' We ought to be thankful for Ijnany minge no aon»r, returned Itbe Snub Editor, ' bnt it is an open [question whether blessings are hhowered upon us here.' I ' li'e oii-is agen I hem ' manifold ' ItliinpB you spuki; on,' said tlie [Sporting Man. I ' Well, what I meant was we are [well off. A person has only to ?attend one of those cburch ooufer lences to find it out for himself. |The WeBleyan gathering for in ?stance affords a moral for anyone ?to run through. Ah, I admire ?those sleek and comfortable looking [black clothed geDtry ? ' [ 'So do the ladies,' ejaculated |tne Worm. I 'So they do. Bnt ifc bas always ?been my ambition in life to become [a Wesleyan missionary abroad.' [ ' Why not a home missionary ?' [asked the Editor. ' There is more [work to be done at home than [amongst the heathen.' [ 'A borne missionary hasn't got [a good time of it. For instance, ho [can't administer the sacrament to [nice little native girls and squat [around under the palms whilst the ibrigbt-eyed ones hang about and [ brusli the flies off. I heard a par ! sou odoo dilating his terrible expe '? riences with a queen of the Canni bal Isles.' ' Did it point to a moral ?'' asked tbe Insignificant Ma&n.; ' It did. If I bad been the King of the Cannibal Isles I would have petitioned the local AttorneyGune ral to file me a bill of divorce.' ? # * * I 'Talking about bills of divorce,' I said the Government House Man, I ' I hear of a case which, if it is not I hashed up quietly by the aid of the I immortal backscheesh, will afford I the public of Tasmania some food I for contemplation very shortly as I to tbe rights of man or of women I being exercised in the right direc I tion.' I 'What was that?' asked the ? Barmaid. ' Ib it anything nice r' I ' Well, maybe you might like I it, bat if you had a husband 1 don't ? know how he would take it, I'm I sure. I fancy that he would con I sider it rather nasty. Bnt the par I ticulars are a little bit vague just I now. It seems, however, that the I wife of a man who holds advanced I views upon the subject of theology I and that sort of t bing— sees ghosts I beats groans andthingofof a dark I night — has been receiving the at I tentions of a gentleman of Hobart I with rather a free hand.' ? ' 'Diosedoctors by the way appear I to me to be a little giddy,' remarked I the Barmaid. I ' Of a surety. Well, as I was I saying, the lady kept a serving I girl who it seems was not in too I much of a hurry to open tbe door to ? the gent one time when he ? called, and for this she was duly I reprimanded. On giving a bock ? answer she got the sack. So as ? she left she informed the wierd ? hneband tbat if he wanted a nit ? ness slie would be only too glad to ? make one. The result was that ? lost week he l»id a trap, I and with two witnesses and the I medium of a spyhole caught I him in jlagmnte delicto, as tbe I 6»ying goes.'' [ 'Didn't be punch 'im'r'' asked I the Athletic Reporter seriously. I ' He did not. He eoufiidered it I preferable to appeal to his country [ for redress, and has Jone so. If it I comes off it will be the means of I running out of Hjbart one of those I pereous who appear to hold it their f business of life to muke themselves as big an eyesore as possible to all people holding anything like strict views upou the subject of morality.' ? :* ? ' Ah,' reflected the Worm, ' the Chows aie rapidly taking the place of us all on every side. We have heard of them in the other colonies in almost all kinds of capacities, from nurse girl to washer up, and the cheap labor of Hobart people finds a leady indi cement for them to stay bere. Oos owner of a re markably nice garden in this city has lot it to a Chow.' ' Oo»ld$f *« get a wfoito perao$ to run it ?', u j : . . ' T 'Possibly. Bntj^ owner is one of tbe swills you : know he doesn't care much for white labor unless it catno out of the jug. Tiiey hold that in course of time they will all be able ,to carry on with jng labor.' 'Are there not plenty of white gardeners available?' asked the Insignificant Man. ' On- TeB- Several pei sons about Hobart have employed whites. But you see the difference in the price of the labor of the two is just what puts an extra gew-gaw or a few talsu teeth around the silken clothed people who do so.' 'Tasmanian toffs,' sighed tbe Gloomy Man. ? ? ? ' I Whg told,' said the Police Court Reporter, ' that the present lenp year has put up many jobs upon giddy young men who walk out by night with the fair sex. I know of a case myself where a friend received an epistle from a lady ex horting him not to neglect her any longer, but to come up to the scratch before (he end of the season.' 'I suppose a bint was Dot Bnongh for your friend,' remarked tbB Poet. ' Well, he was a bit dense on the subject of hints. You see the lady had told him several times how lonely f-he always felt after he had left her of an evening, and what a pity i; was that she nhould feel so, a. girl was always more satisfied when working- on her own, and fo Forth. So finding this ineffective she Pent him a scorcher. And now lie is debating whether it is better for htm to end up his career in some other country or acquiesce to the lady's demands.' ' I know a butcher,' said the Spoiling Reporter, ' who also a.«?i*3iT-7t-i uuw lruui a, guy young may flower, and in a moment of weak ness he became so overcome that he shed tears into his beer and made it sour.' 'Who was the gay old sun flower ?' asked the Poot. ' He lives out westward and rides a mare which is agood deal steadier on her pins than he. But whether he will come up to the scratch or not is a matter for after develop ment.' # ? ? ' I was passing along Elizabeth street late the other night,' said the Publisher, ' when I saw a figure which at first I thought was a ghost.' ' Were you not afeard P ' asked the Gloomy Man. ? ' Well I did hedge off a piece across the road at first, but when i saw tbe white robed figure knock loudly at a doorway, and after shrieking ' Fire ' in a foghorn sort of a tone flea to another doorway, I felt that ghosts didn't knock at doors, because there was no occas sion for a materialised subject to bother about such things when it couid walk through them. So I went back to see the row. It was a gent who lived next door to a fire. Now it is not everyone who has the privilege of. living nert door to a fire, so he turned out in his night shirt to give the necessary alarm. Then he went back and put on bis pants. In the excitement which is ever attendant upon Hobart fires he got into his Snnday go-to-meeting ones in error and busted them.' 'Very foolish of him indeed,' observed the Snub Editor. ' He thought so after it -was all over, ami being left sorrowing for their loss, concluded tbat the in surance company ought to make it good. So accordingly begot down that way and interviewed the cashier or general boss or some thing, but was told that they didn't do business like that. They re commended him to try the other office and see if tbey were not good enough.' ' Were (here two offices H' asked the Insignificant Man. ' There were. He told them that be wasn't at all disposed to go flofling mound all the places m Hobart for tbB price of a pair of pants, and informed them that be would know better next time. Tbe manager laughed at him and told him that they all said that, but tbey all came out and gave assis tance when it was wanted. Any how, thoy agreed to pay half if the other shop would part the other half, but the idea was too much, and he of the busted pants gave it up in despair.' * # * ' I know of a giddy old man in the Government service,' said the Poet, ' who bas flights of fancy, which would do a painter credit.' ' Does he paint the town red P' as tbe Sporting Reporter. ' 'Well not much. He's too mean for that. He's not like some Government servants I know of, who enjoy fhemselveB in away of their own and take a delight in if. But his flights of fanoy have got around by ' the way of a woollen mills, where a young thing, Bhort enough to be his granddaughter, has been lately receiving his atten tions.' 'Why is it that these old parties are so giddy f ' asked the Bavmaid. ' I don't know. Bnt certain it is that one of these fine evenings he will not escape so easily as be has done up to now.' 'It is a wicked world,' sighed the Gloomy man, 'and a place wherein there is no milk and honey.' 'Of beer,' iaid the Landlord as he turned down the gns. 