TIE SELECTED TEAM Interview With Hill. The Position of Wicket-Keeper. He Considers Jarvia and Kelly Have ; Strongest Claims— Other Interest- ing- Matters— Ho Will Make the .Trip if Selected. Clement Hill, the young and brilliant South Australian cricketer, whoso wonder ful performances .with the willow havo attracted widespread notice, lias been freely mentioned as a probable mom- 1)01 of- "hlVn Allfit-.rn1in.Ti fnnni Thn+.. Hill would bo an acquisition is- unquostionod. Tlio 200 compiled against Turner, M'Kibbin and Coniiigham in' the recent match was the nrost ipolished innings over witnessed - on tho Cricket Ground. Throughout tho city tho names of Turner and Hill are linked, tho one as a trundleiy tho other as a batsman, but each having practically equal claims for Mnclusion1 in the team ' for England. There has been sojno talk of the revision . of the selected, team, biit such a courso would undoubtedly create serious disaffection. '' In conversation, with a Star representa tive Mi'. Hill gave some of his impressions regarding'' the strength of the team, and touched upon several other matters of interest. ' % It is interesting to note as an indication that the public estimate is frequently, "on tlio spot" that the South Australian reiterates sentiments which cori'espondents to tho press have forcibly advanced. He considers that Jarvis and Kelly are the two best wickot-keopers in Australia, but has li preference for tlio former. "While in England, he points' out, Jarvis was not given tho ghost of a show to display his dexterity behind tlio sticks. Had he been playod more, instead of being compelled to fill tho role of a 'spectator, thoro would hnvo been no' causo for ad verso criticism in a cortftin direction. In common1 with the 'overwhelming - majority of cricketers, Hill considers tho team would not be representa tive without Turner. . Ho liopes that M'Kibbin will bo the success which; "tlio admirers of tho Bathurst bowler predict. As far as ho was personally concerned Hill was reticent, although ho admitted that he thought his claims were fairly solid. He stands third , to Iredale and Donnan in tho batting averages for intercolonial matches this season. "Will you make the trip if selected?" asked the reporter, with a view of settling scattered and diverse statements upon the point. ' "Of course I will," replied the left hander. He added that it had been said that his father was unwilling that ho should make tho trip. On the contrary, his fathoi', who was still filled with tho .fii'e of a crickotor; would not interfere. Mr, Hill, sen., by the way, knocked up tho first cen tury ever scored on tho . Adelaide Oval. Despite his youth, Hill's physique would enable him., to stand the con tinuous strain. Ho is on 1 tho outer border of his "teens," but is mag nificently proportioned, and tips the ' scale, in "fighting condition," at list.. 101b. Somo critics' have remarked upon tho fact that Hill covers his wicket with his log whon taking strike. "So I might," he said, " but alt tlio same I have novor been dismissed leg before wicket in my life." .The coining test match, proyidod the. weather is 'favourable, will givo Hill tho opportunity of clinching his claims; Should- Porcy M'Donnoll got set, tlio South Austra lian' reckons that the public will witness a dashing display. " Onco sot," said Hill," you can seo the|ball liko a balloon all tlio way,' which is tantamount to Johnny Briggs' remark tli'dt "it's like shelling peas whon you got your eye in." Tlio vast improvement in Jones' bowling, ho feels convinced, will render liiiii dangeroiis on English wickets. Frank Ired'alo will . bo a great success, in his opinion, and' should about top tlio batting ayorages. lie did not care to express any decided opinion regarding Trumble. Mr. Hill lias mado hosts df frionds in Sydney. Last evening he was tlio guost of Mr. T. H. England (Messrs. Rob- bords and England) at Stanmoro. Mr. .Hill, son., is woll Icnown in coimootien- with railway 'government in South Axistralia, and " Clem " at the 'present timo is serving, articles as an engineer. His career at college was parked by a series of cricketing triumphs, which woro notably crowned when ho totted up a record score for Australia. Woi'rall G3tablishod a now rocord sevoral weeks ago, and Hill was one of tho first to forward a letter of congratulation. 