SUPERSTITIONS OP TO-DAY. London laundrymaids cling fondly to the belief that if red-hot cinders are found adhering to the door of their copper fire a quantity of new work is coming-in, accord ing to the quantity of ciuders. If the saine thing on their irouing-stove door, work- is going to be forfeited accordingly. ? In the Southern counties .of., England .-there -is a wide-spread belief amongst 'the rural popu lation that a potato carried in the pocket -is an enectuai autiaoie against rncumai-usm. Many firmly insist that it is a positive preventative, and affirm that they suffer considerable qualni6 if, on changing their garments, the friendly potato has been left behind. Many Cornish folk, especially those of the sea-faring section, seriously assert that if a seagull is put ? in the coffin with a dead person the ghost of that person will not return. ? Should this rite be ignored the superstitious relatives are sure to be visited now and again by the departed one. At least eo runs the belief. The peasants colliers of Lancashire have many superstitions in which they repose a stolid faith well worthy a better object. Perhaps one of the most curious of their beliefs is that it is positively courting mis fortune to lend anyone a pair of bellows, and, in consequence of this fallacy, it is ex ceedingly difficult to borrow this ancient and useful article. A curious superstition, relating to the killing of pigs for bacon, prevails generally in Wales, to the effect that bacon from pigs slaughtered whilst the , moon is decreasing is very inferior in quality. So much faith is there in this superstition in some parts of Wales that nothing would induce some of the people to slaughter their pigs at any other time but when the moon is increasing and nearly full. In some parts of the South-West of Eng land a curious superstition prevails. A hair is taken from a maiden's head and passed through a wedding ring. The ends arc then held by the girl with her first finger and thumb, and the ring suspended a little , way from the top of a half-filled tumbler of : water. The hand is held* perfectly still, but ! the ring is presently seen to oscillate to such an extent that it chinks against the side of the tumbler. The number of chinks is said to correspond with the number of years which will elapse before the girl is married. In the South of Ireland it is believed that when a person dies, and the body carried the nearest way to the cemetery, it is a sure sign that one of the family will soon die and follow it to the grave. If, however, a ; body is carried the longest way, the re 1 mainder of tlie family will live long. A ! peculiar superstition pevails in the Isle of 1 Araan, in the West Highlands, where it is j believed that if the boots of a murdered I man is buried below high-water mark it will I effectually prevent his ghost from walking. At Sefton, near Liverpool, there is a well i con- ining remarkably clear water and I surrounded by chains. There is an old tale that a church was to be built on the spot where the well is now. The foundation stone was found some distance from it. This happened three different times, and finally the church was built on the spot to which the stone had been mysteriously I removed, and a well sprang up where it 1 was first deposited. The superstition now i is, if you throw a pin in and the head turns ! towards the church, you will be married soon and prosperously. Thousands of pins have been left there by ambitious young people, and doubtless the prophecy has, in some eases, been fulfilled. 