THE HOBART "GHOST" AGAIN. ANOTHER APPEARANCE. SOME SUPERSTITIONS AND GHOST STORIES. [BY SPECTATOR.] There is much that is both serious and humiliating about the "ghost" appearances that have been taking place in various parts of Hobart during the past few months. Serious, to the fact that the miscreant, evading those who would be likely to give a good account of him, is, in a brutal and cowardly manner, making a practice of surprising and frightening women and young people, and producing hysteria and other physical troubles. Then it is humiliating to think that our police force, which is a numerous body of some half a hundred constables and detectives, are unable to run the blackguard down and so put an end to the annoyance. This second aspect of the matter is further accentuated by the fact that the Corporation is now offering a reward of £15 to their policemen as a sort of sop to induce them to exert themselves to the best of their ability in doing their duty ! The circumstances of Saturday night's appearance of the stalking fool in special attire were these: A railway employee named Mulligan, who resides in a little terrace of houses in Park-street, between Liverpool and Bathurst streets, was going home between 11 and 12 o'clock. He had just turned the corner out of Liverpool-street into Park street, with his hands in his pockets, and his thoughts far removed from spooks and stupid practical jokes, when a tall man dressed in black stepped in front of him, then threw back his long black coat, revealing a sort of white garment lighted up in a Mephistophelian style, with scintillat- ing damped phosphorus, and at the same moment proceeding to make hideous faces. He obtruded himself so offensively and close to Mulligan that the latter caught him by the coat, and they had a momentary tussle, but the "ghost'' being a tall, strong man, and Mulligan a short young fellow, shook himself out of Mulligan's grasp, and ran away up the Domain-road. Mulligan from the first loudly shouted for assistance, but none came in time. In less than five minutes, however, there was a motley little gathering of men and women, some of whom joined in the shouts. There was not a police- man within coo-ee, and it was only after an officer on duty at the police office had been made acquainted with what had taken place that a constable appeared on the scene. Mr. Mulligan, like the Virgilian hero who " thrice essayed to cast his arms about the phantom's neck, but it seemed like a fitful dream that eluded his grasp," recounted what had occurred to the officer, and the excitement ended. Some circumstances seem to point to there being more than one scoundrel taking part in this ghostly business, and if the police are not soon successful in running one or more of them to earth, the best thing to do will be for some of the stouter-hearted young fellows of the city to band themselves together into companies to hunt the miscreant or miscreants down. Young fellows not in sympathy with the Psychical Society, the spiritualistic coterie in Hobart (for there are such), but cool of head, and able to use a shot gun or handy little revolver with discretion. The company of a savage dog or two would also be an acquisition. If the " ghost " is thus captured the sport he will afford ought to more than compensate for all the trouble taken to capture him. In America Jack Lynch would undoubtedly give him his quietus, but whilst in this more peaceful land the ways of an infuriated crowd are never so severe as in Yankee land, the captors would display a very milk and watery disposition if they did not give the mischievous Johnny a thorough good trouncing. There is nothing incongruous in a ghost, as a ghost, occupying a "good position," but as regards the sham ghost, a make- believe hobgoblin who obtrudes himself under false pretences, presents a very different set of considerations, and consider ing the permanent physical suffering he may inflict on children and women, it it a very open question whether it would be any offence as give him a bullet as suggested by one of our legislators in the assembly the other evening. The blockhead who thinks it amusing to frighten women and children by such senseless pranks as this " ghost " has been practising, is sure to belong to that order of human beings which is incapable of suffering from the sense of shame. Stupidity acts as a triple armour against any moral or intellectual discomfort of this kind, and who shall measure the stupidity of the food that personates a bogie about the worst lighted parts of our city and suburbs? As to the superstitiously inclined, they deserve no sympathy. " You may depend upon it," said an old grandfather to his grandson, "you will never see anything worse than a mortal creature on this earth " but how few, after all fully appreciate this homely way of putting it. To these "Spiritualists," " Theosophists," believers in spooks, brownies, and spectres, it is highly desirable that ghosts should occa sionally vindicate their existence by putting in an appearance. Their popularity in this age is a distinct claim upon them. Have not the spook, the spectre, the wraith--all these unsubstantial essences, in short, which are included in Dr Johnson's felicitous generic definition of "a sort of shadowy being," obtained a very great deal of attention of late? It is a mere waste of words to moralise over the superstition concerning supernatural appearances which linger in many people's minds, and not much good would be done by ...ing homilies lamenting the by no means extinct belief in their existence. It seems as if there always has been and always will be a certain proportion of people who, although rational enough in other respects, have either an avowed or a sneaking belief in ghosts. The substantial believers give implicit credence to the existence of phantoms of the old .... turnip order, and would not proceed through a churchyard after nightfall without a shudder. If the Cocklane ghost were revived to-morrow they would believe in the fraud as firmly as did Dr. Johnson. Then there is the class of quaking believers in the super natural who are ashamed of the vulgar absurdity of the ghost of Giles Scroggins as he appeared to Molly Brown, but who became devotees of each refined and romantic superstitions as those of table-turning spirit-rapping, thought-reading, and the planchette mysteries. They would scorn the notion of believing in the old orthodox white-robed apparition, but they gently tilillate their appetite for the supernatural by cultivating what they think to be the occult mysteries of spiritualism and psychi- cal sciences ; quite conscientious and single minded in their persuasion that there is more in heaven and earth than is ever dreamt of in the philosophy of prosaic people. In connec ion with all these superstitions, ancient and modern, rude and refined, many gruesome tales are told. A lady, the wife of a wealthy squire, in an English county, after a protracted illness, died, and on the evening of her decease, her husband, de- sirous of passing a solitary hour by the body, sent the nurse, who was watching beside it (the family being Roman Catholics), out of the room. Before the expiration of an hour, the bell, by which the deceased had been in the habit of summoning the nurse, rang violently, and the woman, fancying the unfortunate widower was taken seriously ill, hurried into the room. He dismissed her angrily, however, protesting that he had not rung. Shortly afterwards the bell was rung second time, when the nurse observed to one of the servants that she should not attend to the summons this time as the gentleman might again repent having summoned her, and dismiss her ungraciously, "It cannot be my master who is ringing now," said the footman, " for I have this moment left him in the drawing room. And while he was still speaking the bell of the chamber of death rang the third time, and still more violently than before. The nurse was now literally afraid to obey the summons. Nor was it till several of the servants agreed to accompany her that she could command sufficient courage. At length they ventured to open the door, expecting to discover within some terrible spectacle. All, however, was perfectly tranquil. The corpse extended upon the bed under a holland sheet, was evidently undisturbed. Such, however, was the agitation of the poor nurse that nothing would induce her to remain alone with the body, and one of the housemaids accordingly agreed to become her companion in the adjoining dressing-room. They had not been there many minutes, when the bell again sounded, nor could there be any mistake on the subject, for the bell wire passing round the dressing-room was in motion, and the servants in the offices could attest to its vibration. The family butler accordingly determined to support the courage of the terrified women by accom- panying them back to the dressing-room, in which they were to sit with the door open, so as to command a view of the bed. These precautions effectually unravelled the mystery. A string had been attached to the bell-push to enable the sick lady to summon her attendants without changing her position, which still unremoved, hung down upon the floor, and a favourite kitten, often admitted into the room to amuse the now-deceased invalid, having entered the chamber unobserved, was playing with the string, which, being entangled in her feet, had produced this general panic. But for the opportune explanation of this trivial incident the family mansion would have obtained the notoriety of a haunted house. There is also the case of the haunted hotel at Antwerp that almost ruined the landlord through a woman in white being seen in the upstairs corridor at midnight, but which proved to be the landlord's own daughter walking in her sleep. One of the funniest tales of this kind comes from Ireland. A colleen named Mary O'Connell promised she would marry Jimmy Creagh, who was desperately in love with her, if he would demonstrate his courage by going to an old unoccupied mansion near, and which was said to be haunted, at 12 o'clock at night, and hammer a nail into the dining room table. Grasping a stout blackthorn the Irishman went, and managed to find the table in the dark (it being made a condition that he was to go alone and use no light). He hammered the nail into the table and then listened. All was still except for the fluttering of the little birds and jackdaws sleeping under the eaves of the old roof, but disturbed by the noise of the hammering. He then turned to go, but was held fast where he stood. His hair stood on end. A cold sweat ran through him. He caught on his blackthorn and struck out with it all round him, but happened to hit nothing but the table. After struggling and beating the air in this way for some time he stopped from sheer exhaustion, and then he found that he had by accident nailed the skirt of his coat firmly to the thick table, thus making himself a prisoner. 