NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. .. fAw Rights Reserved. By the author of « BmriE Beaton : " "Jessie Melville;" " Lucr, mfAORar OURf '' 1 "Eustace, the outcast." Chapter —Continued. "I heard more of my master's secrets still," answered Nelly — "something that merely concerned myself." "What!" exclaimed Albert. "He has been plotting against you, too ?" "You' shall judge," replied the girl. " From what I overheard, I learned that my father made a will, by which I shall get all the property my uncle has taken possession of. The will was in master's hands, and he made a bargaiii with my uncle to keep it back — master to get fifteen hundred pounds for doing so." "The rascals!" said Albert through bis set teeth. "But," continued Nelly, "Mr. Chipps means to overreach my uncle in the' matter; .for he gave my uncle a copy of the will, which the latter thought was the real one, and which he burned. The real one, how ever, is in a secret drawer in master's cabinet. He doesn't dream that I know that." "If it could only be got hold of," said Albert. Nelly continued — " The copy which he gave my uncle was in the closet, and when ho came in for it he discovered me." " Confound it, that was unfortunate ; and what was the result ?" " I was kept a close prisoner in an attic room for a week ; then they put me into a large box and brought me here, where for some weeks I have been confined in an empty room — Walsh being my gaoler." " Confined in the same house !" exclaimed Margaret. "And my husband, where is he?" asked Mrs. Walsh, trembling with agitation "He took ill of a fever yesterday," an swered Nelly, "and to-night became deliri ous. In his madness he wanted to kill me, when I made my escape from the room, and fled from chamber to chamber, he pursuing me with a knife. At last I saw a ray of light from your room, and pushing against a brick it fell, and I cried for help, . and you mercifully saved me." "And Walsh, where is he now?" inquired everyone, in great excitement. " I know not," answered Nelly. " He was knocking wildly on the door of the room when I sprang through the aperture." "Wicked as he is, he must not be left alone in the madness of fever," observed Albert. " Oh ! let ns go and find him," pleaded bis wife. " He is my husband, and I loved him once." They all hastily rose, and the young men getting lights, they proceeded to the paint ing-room, with the intention of passing through the hole in the partition in search of Walsh. They found him lying, however, on the floor, where he had fallen before the picture, and the knife beside him. .He was stiff insensible; but they raised him, and conveying him to another room, stripped him and laid him upon a bed, his much- injured wife and Margaret Clayton re maining to watch by the couch. Chapter yyi. REMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND FOR GIVENESS. It is necessary that we should briefly ex plain' how it happened that Nelly, on making good her escape from Walsh, fell into the protection of Deborah Dickson and the rest. And this leads us back to the night, or rather early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. Walsh were rescued from the house in Leeds. That New Year's Day was spent in con sidering what their future course should be. For most of their sakes it was found highly . necessary to leave Leeds. Neither Deborah nor Harry was safe there ; and Mrs. Walsh and Margaret were both anxious to get out of the reach of Walsh and Bob Preston. Albert Clayton cared little where he lived, as far as personal safely was concerned, for, as his enemies thought him dead, there was no fear of him being hunted after. But, as he still wished to leave Lady Clayton and Chipps, the lawyer, under the impression that he was removed out of their way, it was important that he should neither be seen nor recognised in the city. He, therefore, was inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other members of the party were William Sime and his mother, neither of whom apprehended any danger either from Walsh or Bob Pres ton ; but William was a fond and devoted i lover, and if Margaret was to depart, he could not think of remaining behind. In the consideration of this question one important element required to be taken into account, and that was the financial. William Sime was a journeyman watchmaker and could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton had never yet earned a subsistence, and the difficulty with him was how to do it. It was highly neces sary that it should be done. He happened to have a few pounds in his purse, and a splendid gold watch in his fob, when im mersed in Waterloo Lake, and on further ex amination he found a valuable diamond pin in his cravat. These, if sold, would supply the demands on him for a short while, but as he knew not how long he might require to trust to his own resources, he thought it would be wiBe to use the produce only for his,, necessities. He felt that it would be more desirable to earn something, not only for his own wants, but for those of the ladies who were so far thrown on his care. He was a long -time puzzled to think how this might be done. Various plans occurred to Hirpi, mosp of which were abandoned as im- practicable almost aB soon as formed. At length one bright idea struck him, and it ap peared so feasible. that he stuck to it. For years ,past he had been a most enthusiastic amateur photographer and he thought that by buying the apparatus and all things neces sary he might realise something by the art. With this view he sold bis gold watch and diamond pin, and bought the 'requisite in struments and chemicals. The only question now was where to go to put the experiment to the test. A very short consultation be tween William and himself made them fix on Manchester, and they at once removed thither and were fortunate in finding an empty house. William Sime at once got employ ment in a watchmaking establishment ; and Albert, under the designation of Monsieur La Fevre, commenced business as a photo grapher. He succeeded admirably, and was largely patronised — Harry being a most effi cient assistant to him. In his leisure hours he wrought at an oil painting, which he thought of sending to the next Exhibition — taking for his subject the incident on the Lake when he nearly became the victim of Walsh. At this painting he was labouring, with Harry as his delighted helper, when _ Nelly- demanded his aid. '' For the few weeks in which they had lived in this seoluded manner in Manchester they- nad been very comfortable and happy, after, wondering among themselves how Nelly would be getting on with her master, and what would b'- her conjectures as to the non appearance of' Deborah in Woodhouse-lane with news of Harry. Frequently they thought of communicating with her, but the j risk they thereby ran af betraying to their i enemies the place of their retreat kept them silent. ' Little did they dream that the sub ject of their solicitude was confined at a few rooms' distance from them under the gaoler- ship of Walsh Her singular and unexpected appearance among them was bailed with extreme satis faction She had not only escaped from the camp of the enemy, but she came laden with all their secrets Nelly's escape would bring matters to an issue ; and Albert Clayton, who felt that with him lay the duty of taking action, was puzzled how to proceed The situation was a very critical one Lady Clayton and Chipps would fight the battle unscrupulously, and with the fiercest deter mination He was likewise aware that they had a certain advantage on their side, inas much as they would compel him . to prove, first of all, Harry's identity, and then his legitimacy — two things difficult at all times, and doubly so here on account of the private manner in which bis parents had been mar ried. . The. chief witness to both matters was Deborah Dickson Pondering over these things, Albert Clay ton at length came to a resolution which gave him great reliet He resolved to consult his father's former solicitor — Mr. Ball — whom Lady Clayton had dismissed when she came into power, and put the management into the hands of Chipps He would call upon him and lay before him all the information of which he was himself possessed For the present, however, he decided to do and say nothing till an issue was reached m the illness of Walsh. The latter still lay delirious under his violent fever, his wife and Margaret watching closely beside him. Not withstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and injustice, that patient, loving wife tended his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as he lay uncon scious of everything but his suffering, and striving to do her utmost to alleviate his pain. Tn this merciful and loving ministration she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgot her loathing and hatred of the man who would have blasted her life and consigned her to misery. In his helplessness and affliction she was ready to return good for evil, and day and night remained by his couch, rendering him attentions which could not have been excelled by a daughter's affec tion. Occasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Sime and William, and even Albert Clayton, visited the room, though the latter cared not to ap pear in the sufferer's sight lest he might re cognise him, and be filled with increased horror at beholding what he could only con sider as the spirit of the murdered victim. For twenty days Walsh lay unconscious under the power of the fever, his natural rugged strength and the vigour of his con stitution sustaining him under its severity, though the watchers could see that every day he grew weaker. The doctor who was called in did his utmost to check the disease, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on a mild March afternoon, as his wife and Margaret sat silent in the room listening to his breathing, which had for some time been soft, low and regular, he stirred slightly, and when they looked they saw him open his eyes and gaze at them with intelligence. The wild blazing light of insanity was gone, the burning flush had left his face, and a calmness rested on his features. He looked steadily at both of them for a few seconds, then his eyes wandered round the apartment, and his countenance mani fested surprise. "Wife," he said, in a low voice, "what place is this we are in? This is not our house." " No, James," she gently answered. " Do you feel yourself better now?" "Better?" he repeated, "what's the matter with me ?" " Yon-have beef very ill." "Have I? Nonsense. I have had but a long sleep, that is all. I must rise now." He tried to sit up, but to bis surprise found he could not even lift bis hand to his head. His utter weakness told him what she said was true. "I have been ill, have I?" he muttered " I thought it was just a long bad dream. What has been the matter with me, and where are we ? At Keighley's ?" "No, James," she replied. "We are in Manchester." "Manchester?" he repeated, gazing at her in astonishment. ' What are we doing in Manchester? Ah, wait a bit," he sud denly added; my head is strangely confused, but it is getting clearer." He lay for some time in deep reflection, which they did not care to interrupt. Evi dently the recent past was coming to his re membrance. "I recollect all now," he said; 'but where is the girl — she was with me when I was taken ill." Mrs. Walsh replied by narrating the par ticulars of Nelly's flight, and how both she and himself had "changed quarters. " And that was last night," he said. " Ob, dear, no, James. It was three weeks ago. You have been delirious all the time, and Margaret and I have watched over you." He fixed upon her a look of intense as tonishment. " But how do you happen to be here ?" be asked after considerable pause. " We did not think it right to remain in Leeds after — after yon night," she replied, striving to infuse no reproach into her tone, " and we came here, and have been here ever since ; but,- James, I think you should not speak any more now — you are very weak, and require repose." He gave, her another peculiar glance, and a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his face. " I believe you are right, wife," he said ; " but I suppose it is all up now with Chipps and Lady Clayton. The girl would go right off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you, Mary," he added, bitterly. " very kind of you to preserve me from the gallows." " Hush, James, do not speak so," she an swered. "Nelly is in this house — she has never left it, and has told nothing except to us." " Ha, you are — you must bo deceiving me. The girl would take the first opportunity to be off to Leeds." "Indeed, James, I am not deceiving you," said his wife, earnestly. " What I say is true — every word; and you know I never told a lie." "No," returned Walsh, slowly ; "but if the gir! be here, f must see her. I shall then be ssfiert. t will bring her/' said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. In a lew minutes she returned, accom panied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said 3he was glad to know he was somewhat better. " You have not been to Leeds?" he said. "I have not," she replied. "No one there, no one out of this housq, knows what 1 have learned, and 1 promise not to do or say anything in the matter at present." This assurance seemed to satisfy Waish, lot he turned hi9 head to the other side cf the bed. and immediately sank into a deep sleep For many days after this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak — helpless almost as a child. Patiently and unweariedly bis wife tended him all the while, doing her utmost to pro mote his comfort and restore his strength. He received her attentions in silence, but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if en during mental suffering: and this he was silently experiencing to a great extent Laid upon that bed of sickness, and unable to chase away reflection from his mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all its hideous deformity First of all, he thought how little he deserved such kindness at the hands of his wife. Justly might she have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosom the love she had once borne him, and how completely he had placed himself beyond the pale of her sympathy. Yet here she was a close atten dant by his sick bed, watching him with the most tender solicitude, smoothing bis pillow so gently, anticipating his wants, and sup plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him tc the heart. It was heaping coals of fire on his head, and no more effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa bility What is there on earth more terrible to en dure than tbe pangs of remorse ! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deep- stained with sin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of mcral truth. Then there is nothing but a fearful looking for of judgment and fiery in dignation But this is not all — this is not tbe worst the judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is something like the satisfying sense of making atonement : but joined to this there is an aching void of regret and self-reproach, which fills the soul with sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, for he thought of the time when first he folded his youthful, blooming Mary to his heart., and whispered to her words of love. What suffering had be brought upon her, and how different it might have been ! But now — now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity For days these awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, and in very desperation he gave expression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought he was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up she saw a strange and unexpected sight. , Her husband was not sleeping, as she had sup posed — he lay gazing intently upon her, and an unshed teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only sit and look at him. " Mary," said he, " how is it that you and Meg have been so kind to me in my illness, though I have used you both so ill, and you know that I committed the worst of crimes?" "Because we bear no malice, James," an swered his wife. " This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we have done, and our blessed Saviour set us the glorious ex ample. Your conduct has grieved us — deeply grieved us — but our feelings are more those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamen ted your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake." "And yet, Mary," groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, " you have cause to hate me as badly as woman ever hated man. Don't you remember when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish you through life ? It was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Mary?" "Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed the wife, through fast rising tears. " Many years have passed since then ; but what have they brought to you? Misery, wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this evening, all that is vile, and with the damn ing weight of human blood upon my soul; and there you sit, a wronged and betrayed wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till I lay in my helplessness, and saw you watch ing devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream — would that I could live my life over again. But the wish is in vain. 1 am lost, accursed, and self-damned." "Hush, James; do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a 3hudder " This blessed book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been par doned, and " ' That is not, cannot be true, ' ' interrupted Walsh, hastily. '' A more wicked man than me never lived. No repentance can save me. One deed 1 have done which'shuts the door of hope against me. I am a murderer " Mrs Walsh was silent. She was sure he was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him — at least before she had taken counsel of others. " I can make no atonement for my deeds." continued the remorseful man: but at least for the murder I can die If I recover from the illness, it will only be to give myself up to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for it." His wife rose in great agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door "Don't leave me, Mary," pleaded Walsh " I will return immediately/' she an swered, and vanished as she spoke. She was gone for some little time, when she again entered the room, and taking a seat by the bed, laid her band on the sick man's arm. " James," she said in a solemn, impressive tone, ' ' you were indeed guilty of an awful crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention and belief went, you there foully murdered Albert Clayton " "I did — I did," groaned Walsh, hiding his face with one band. " But," continued his wife. " I have strange news to tell you. A merciful Pro vidence interposed to prevent the deed being actually committed." He suddenly took away his hand and re garded her with a look of amazing inquiry. "Yes, it is as I say A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard the youth's cries They had taken shelter be hind a tree, and you passed close by them though you did not see them. They, how ever, saw and recognised yon. When you bad disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to the edge of the lake and saw the young man rise to the surface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him." " Mary, you are mocking me," cried Walsh, starting up and "grasping her wildly by the arm "No, James; what I state is a solemn truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. He is at this moment alive and well, and his rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, her lover." "Alive — Albert Clayton alive!" he re peated, with quivering Hps, whilst his bosom heaved to bursting. " It is false — it is a de lusion! 1 wiil not believe it." " Will you believe the evidence of your own eyes, then?" cried a cheerful voice, and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as he had been when, accompanied by Walsh, he went to the Park. Walsh stared at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. "Come, feel nie," said Albert, as, with a smiie on- his frank, handsome face, he ap proached the bed; "feel me, and convince yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn't mean to let any of you know — at least at present — that I am still in the land of the living , but as Mrs. Walsh tells me you are full of repentance and re morse on account of my supposed death, I thought I would ease your mind a bit by let ting you know the truth. 1 don't think you will make a bad use of the knowledge." " Thank God your blood does not lie on ray soul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of re lief. I feel some hope now I may aban don my wicked life and reform." " That's right," returned Albert. "It's not tbe thing for a fellow like you, who was once an honest, righthearted man, to give yourself up to villainous courses. You have better stuff in you, and I am sure of it. You have the making of a noble fellow if you will only shake off the connection with Chipps, Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are bad to the core, everyone of them. Now, what say yon ? Will you henceforth stick to truth, and do the right thing, and we'll stand by you, and ere long you will recover your self-respect, and be happy yet with your anerel of a wife ?" "God bless you, sir!" exclaimed Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion "Heaven help me, I will do as you say Mary, will you — can you forgive me ?" ' ' Gladly, James — joyfully. 1 Chapter rnl. THE DEATH OF WALSH Wonderful and blessed is the power of kind ness, in its very gentleness and unobtrusive- ness.lies its strength— a strength far mightier than any violence or apparent force can exer cise Before it the stubborn will, the hardest heart, the most abandoned nature has been subdued, melted, and overcome. By it, when all else has .failed, the conscience has been reached and smitten into contrition, the sin- crusted soul has been pierced into bitter re pentance, the withered and scorched affections have been made to gush out in their old chan nel, and an entire change has passed upon the whole thing. Let this mighty potent power of kindness live aud flourish iu the world. While it is the mightiest of forces it can be wielded by the weakest hand. The meek and delicate woman can cause it to put forth its strongest influence ; it arras her with an irresistible might, and invests her with a holy sovereignty. Not in the earthquake of passionate reproach, not in the fire of fierce invective, but in the still small voice of love, and in love's quiet acts of devotion are to be found the strongest forces of human agency capable of turning the most wicked hearts and renewing the basest nature. And never was its amazing power more signally manifested than in the case of Jim Walsh. For many long years he had lived in hardened depravity. Having severed all ties between himself and virtue, his nature was brutalised, his conscience utterly dead, his moral sense defaced, and his religious im pressions obliterated. He was restrained by nothing but the consequences of human de tection, no consideration of affection or grati tude could move him ; he lived and acted in utter disregard of those around him, or con nected with him, wronging and injuring them without compunction, for the sake of what he conceived to be his own selfish in terests. This was a state of hardened wickedness and moral abandonment which no remon strance or expostulation or threatening could prevail against ; yet kindness suddenly broke the flinty rock, and softened and subdued its stubbornness. His thoughts, feelings and desires were now totally changed towards his late victims. Not for worlds would he now act against them in the interest of Chipps and Lady Clayton. On the contrary, he felt an ardent desire to baffle these plotters, and render justice to those whom they had sought so foully to defraud. As yet be it remarked, no higher motive animated him. The change of feeling was so marked and thorough that none around him' doubted it. So well convinced were they of it that they freely trusted him, and conversed freely with him on all the matters. On two points they gave him information which was new, aud which greatly interested him. He had been kept entirely in the dark as regarded Harry. He knew quite well that Chipps had a pecu liar interest in getting back the boy who had run away from him, and whom he had been commissioned to trace and recover, but he did not suspect he was the only child of Sir Humphrey's eldest son, and therefore the true heir of the estate. The other point in which he was enlightened regarded Nelly, and the trick which Chipps had played Bob in giving him a copy of the will only, and retaining the original in the cabinet. Once, when Nelly was alone with him, he ques tioned her particularly as. to the place in the room where this cabinet stood, and the man ner in which the lawyer touched the secret spring which gave access to the private drawer in which she had seen him deposit the document Nelly answered as well as she was able, and he lay and pondered deeply on her replies. Walsh was not able in return to give them any new intelligence, so well did they already know the secrets of her ladyship and her lawyer ; but he was able to confirm the idea Margaret was Sir Humphrey's daughter, and this he did frankly and positively. He had removed her when an infant from Clay ton, at the instigation of Chipps, and was able to do it without suspicion, inasmuch at the very time he had an infant daughter who died, and by dressing the little body in the clothes worn by Sir Humphrey's infant child, it was supposed to be the latter. Amelia Saughton, the present Lady Clayton, who .was then the artful companion of Sir Hum phrey's second wife, and already aspired to be her successor, managed to drug the drink of tbe nurse who had charge of the baby, and while she lay insensible the change was ef fected and the dead child placed under her to cause the supposition that she had overlaid it. It was found., and the death so accounted for, and the poor deluded mother, then her self hastening to the tomb, kissed the cold pale lips of the infant, believing that it was the corpse of her own little Margaret. In a few days she died, and the infant of Walsh and the second Lady Clayton were laid in one , grave, the grieved hut deluded baronet be lieving that the dajrk receptacle received both his wife and child. ; Matters being thus adjusted and explained between Walsh and his late victims, the former .began gradually to recover his strepgth. The process of convalescence was a slow one, for the fever had been fierce and wasting, but under the tender nursing of his now happy wife, and the less cutting feelings of his conscience, he perceptibly improved, and the time came when he could rise for a few hours every day. One morning when Mrs. Walsh went into his room, she was amazed to find it empty. Jim was not in bed as usual, and his clothes were gone. In dismay and consternation, she ran and acquainted the others with the discovery They could not believe it, thought she must have overlooked him, and ran in a body tc the chamber. .True enough, it was empty, and the bed had not much appearance of having been used on the previous night. They ran to the door which opened into the close, and found it on the latch William Sime declared that he had locked it the night before, and left the key on the inside ; clearly therefore Walsh had departed, and by the door he bad made his exit. They looked at each other in blank and 'silent astonishment. Deborah wap the first to speak, and in indignant agitation she ex claimed that Walsh had gone away to betray them — that his sorrow and contrition was all a pretence, and that now their enemies would resume their machinations against them William Sime echoed the same opinion. So did Nelly, and even Mrs. Walsh, with tears and sobs, shook her head and feared it must be sc. " I can't believe it," cried Albert Clayton, with hie usual generosity of sentiment and freedom from suspicion " It's impossible that yon appearance of shame and remorse could be deceptive, or the hearty satisfaction with which he espoused our side. Bad as he was Walsh had not a sneaking, smooth, de ceiving way with him. 1 have studied him a good deal, and I believe he is what he seems, whether he means well or ill. He can't put a face or act a part." But how explain tiffs sudden and unex pected flight ?" asked William in a tone of incredulity. "Caff it absence, not flight," returned Albert. " Inexplicable it is to us now, but wait a little, and m all likelihood be will ex plain it himself." His listeners shook their heads. Mrs Walsh herself was very doubtful, and most of the others feared the worst William Simo counselled the instant adoption of measures to frustrate any attack which might be made upon them. If Walsh was gone to tell all he had learned, and all that had happened him. there was no doubt that Lady Clayton and Chipps would with all speed try to remedy the misfortune. Still Albert clung to his hope in the reality of Walsh's repentance, and would not admit that be thought be had turned traitor. And so the day passed, and he did not return. The morrow arrived, and still he came not All the forenoon and all the afternoon they nervously watched and waited for him At dark they were seated in the blue parlour, each more convinced than ever that he had betrayed them. Albert would uot yet admit this, but he did not so readily and confidently express his faith in him. As they sat conversing on the subject, the door was quietly opened, and Walsh glided in and sat down in the nearest chair he came to. A universal exclamation greeted his ap pearance, and all rose and gazed upon him. He was very pale and seemed wearied and exhausted. His chest heaved, as if it was weak and panting for breath, but there was a light of pleasure in his eye, and an expres sion of satisfaction on his features. "Oh, James, where have you been?" asked his wife, as she hurriedly approached him "You thought, of course, that I had de serted," he said, in a faint tone — " gone off to see Chipps with information against you all Ah, I see you did Well, don't wonder at it, for I deserve to be suspected, and the secret way I went off looked traitorous." " We had all bad thoughts of you except Albert," cried William Sime " He would never allow us to say that you had turned false, but was strong in the belief that you would return with an explanation." "Did you, sir?" exclaimed Walsh, his face flushing with pleasure. "Were you so generous towards me — you who had most cause to distrust me ?" " Pooh," rejoined Albert, " I am pretty good at knowing.what stuff a man is made of, and I saw that there was no humbug about you. When you were found to have gone, I said so, and I have not been deceived — that's all." " Bless you for your good opinion, sir," rejoined Walsh, in a grateful tone. " It is not the first time you have said so, and your words, as much as anything, made me re solve to do right. Well, I would have told you I was going, but I thought if you knew my intentions you might try to hinder me. Besides, I did not know if I would succeed, and I don't like anybody to know when I fail. However, I haven't failed, for here's the paper." And as he spoke he drew from his bosom a folded document, and handed it to Nelly, who stood in front of him. " My father's will !" exclaimed Nelly, who recognised it in a moment, and stood with it in her hand, staring at Walsh in astonish ment. The latter nodded, winked, and smiled in a satisfied way. " How in all the world did you get it?" in quired Albert. " Went to Leeds for it," answered Walsh. "I couldn't rest tiff I got that paper, for I thought it would be some small atonement to the girl for my share in her bad usage, and serve to show you all it was no sham repent ance that I professed." " Then you saw Chipps and demanded it of him." " Not likely," returned Walsh. " I knew that was the worst way to go about it, so I did not attempt it. Chipps knows nothing about it being here, but thinks it quite safe in his secret drawer. How I got it there, or into the house at all without anybody seeing me, it doesn't matter. There's the will, and both Bob. Preston and Chipps are done out of the property." " Bravo !" cried Albert. " That's a stun ning trick. We have the ball wholly at our feet now ; they are baffled at every point." "Oh, James — James!" screamed Mrs. Walsh, as she sprang forward to support her husband, who had suddenly placed his hand upon his breast. . She was just in time to re ceive him as he fell heavily forward. He had fainted. This threw them all into great agitation, but by Albert's presence of mind he was promptly conveyed to the room he had so long occupied, and laid upon his bed. In a few miuuteB he revived, and confessed that the journey had been too much for him, and that it had knocked him up a good bit, but he had no doubt a few hours rest would re vive him." " Tell me," cried Albert, who had a pain ful suspicion of the true state of the case, "did you spend any portion of last night in the open air." Walsh hesitated a few moments. "Well, yes, I did," he at length replied. " I was forced, to watch a while opposite Chipp's door for an opportunity to get into the house. As luck would have it, he did not soon go to bed, and I had to stand waiting for a couple of hours or so." " And where did you spend the rest of the night?" asked Albert. " Oh", in a snug place," returned Walsh. " Was it under a roof?" "Well," laughed Walsh, "if you will have it, I spent the rest of a night in a hay stack outside the town. I bad strong reasons for not going to any house in Leeds, as I wanted to be off here by the first train." " I was sure you had spent the night in such a place," observed Albert, shaking his head. "How did you guess it?" asked Jini, with a curious look. " By those seeds on your coat," was the quiet answer. " Gad, sir, you would make a capital de tective," said Jim. "But," he continued, "I was baulked after all, for 1 fell sound asleep, and didn't wake in the morning till after the train had passed. The next was a mail, and confound it, I hadn't the full fare, so 1 had to walk several miles." "GflodGod!" ejaculated Albert "The exposure and fatigue after such a fever." "My poor husband," sighed Mrs. Walsh, her arms about his neck and kissing him. Margaret also came forward and took his hand and Nelly said how very 3orry she was that he had endured so much for her. ' ' What was it to what you endured at my hands ?" returned Walsh, who was shaking and shivering with a new attack of fever He strove hard to suppress all manifestation of suffering, but soon his brain was again affected, and once more the fever-fiend had him in his power Weak as he was, this re- ia;ac oiiWR auu ouaticicu. uuu w ck iciiiuit; degree. On the eighth day the doctor told him that the crisis was come, and shook his head sadly in prospect of the issue. He was then sleeping a restless, troubled sleep, not the calm, tranquil slumber he had formerly enjoyed, when the delirium left him The doctor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst About midnight Walsh awoke and knew them all. The doctor took hold of his arm and felt his pulse It was wild and ir regular. He ordered soothing powders and rose to go. In the blue parlour he was surrounded by the anxious watchers, who asked his opinion of the state of the patient. ' Do not be afraid to tell us plainly, doc tor,"' sobbed the weeping wife. " Out of a kind feeling you may be tempted to deceive us. but it will be a mercy to declare to us the truth " " I am glad you have put it to me thus," returned the doctor "My painful duty is to inform you that he will uot recover " God's will be done," groaned Mrs. Walsh. And she turned away and proceeded to the chamber of sickness. Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the question bluntly to Mary She was too true to his best interests to deceive him, and told what was the doctor's opinion. To every one the near and certain prospect of death is solemn and awful, but however firmly and composedly they may be able to look at it, to most it is dreadful to contem plate. while to some it is utterly appalling Of the latter number was Jim Walsh The circumstances in which the solemn prospect had approached him, the position in which it had found him, made it doubly gloomy and terrible. But lately he had scoffed at the hereafter, and laughed at retribution Ah, but that was when he was strong and full of robust life — it was when be was in the full and unchecked tide of his wicked career. Now he was stricken down with weakness, life with its concerne was ebbing away, and he was brought face to face with the solemn problem He conld not so scoff and sneer at it now The divine witness within him rose up to force its claims on his attention, and the deep instincts of his soul would not cast aside that future to which it was so vitally and essentially related . There are men in our day who, led on mainly by scientific research and discovery, have gone far astray from the ancient land marks. The Bible, they say. is for the most part a collection of Deautiful fairy tales, im mortality is a mere matter of opinion. God is " an eternal, not ourselves," or " a stream of tendency " that makes for righteousness, and life itself is a thing to be lived in righteous ness and self-denial certainly, but not as in the sight of a divinity that shapes our ends. It is, however, in the day of sorrow,- in the hour of death, that religion has her triumphs: those times when earthly voices are stilled, when a heavenly power irresistibly manifests itself to us, and we feel that the great articles of our faith rest not upon doubtful interpretations of obscure passages, but upon the witness of our hearts and the experience of our lives. The result briefly and shudderingly ar rived at by Walsh was that there was a hereafter, and he was about to meet it. We say shudderingly ; for if it meant anything to him it meant retribution. There he lay steeped in sin, covered by a very mountain of transgressions, any single one of which must produce a fearful reckoning No wonder then that Jim Walsh was appalled when he knew that he had only a few days— perhaps only a few hours — to live. One comfort there was for him, and he could not help clinging to it. His last deed — that one in the doing of which he had virtually sacrificed his life — was of an atoning kind — atoning, that is, in a human sense ; for it. was the rendering a signal service to a girl he had wronged. He was not a little satisfied at having done it, even though it had led him within the portals and shadow of death. But oh ! he bitterly felt that this availed not to atone for his wasted life — his long course of vice and crime — and in his extremity he asked his weeping wife for aid. Four days of Tespite were granted him, and during that time by the help and direction of those who surrounded his dying bed, he was prepared in some small degree for the dread realities of that world on which he was about to enter. He was told in what direction to look, on whom to rely, and taught to repeat a hymn, which he uttered with a vehement earnestness. « On this raft he committed his departing soul to the dark and swelling Jordan. Who dare say that he was engulfed and carried down the eternal rapids? And yet he could not presume to depict an end like his in colors too bright. At the best it was a despairing venture, and the trust he was enabled to place in Divine mercy was a trembling trust. His hope sprang out of utter abandonment ; his faith could not, perhaps, he defined. And so he died ; and his faithful wife, who had wiped the death -damp from his brow, closed his eyes and breathed a prayer for his flutter ing soul, about to wing its way to the bar of judgment. Let the veil hang down, let none of its sable folds be disturbed, let us leave the dead one to the justice and mercy that reigns be hind it, assured that mercy will joyfully descend where justice can give her room. He was buried in the Necropolis, followed to the grave by very few, but Albert Clay ton and William Sime lowered the coffin re verently into the grave, and the former dropped a tear on the lid before the earth had time to fall and cover it for ever up. On their way back, when passing a stationer's shop, Albert chanced to glance at a printed bill which contained the contents of that morning's paper, and one line which met his eye caused him to pause and start. The line was this : " Death of Sir Humphrey Clayton." - (to be continued.) The white ribbons and favours used at weddings to-day are emblematic of the time when the bride's garters were cut up into bits and distributed among the young men and Women present for good luck, 