BROADBRIM'S NliW YORK | BETTER:- i Thauk Providence it is all over! What ? the Marlborough matriag-fi and the election. For sepecal weeks mast these two things Aave&een;'-dhe all-absorbing topics, and now that they are past everybody is £?lad that tlie agony is over. The victory of Tammany was not unexpected. It was the »a\> pavty in the fiwlit that presented a compact and well drilled army, coherent in its action, ably officered by old political %lite s, subject to a single command, and with plenty of the sinews of war at their dis . posal, no wonder that they won. \- , Their opponents on the other hanS were alLsplit to pieces; the ..fact is, there were" aJtogether too many good, people, and never .was a sentiment more powerfully impressed riipon me than tliat uttered by Doctor Park hurst, a few weeks>hefoietheselection/S.'It I is ;a great pity that soine_of tfiese ffood : people could not exchange a little of their holiness for a portion of common sense." : ' I It is doing him no injustice to-say -that j to Police Commissioner Theodore Eoosevolt: I the city of New York is indebted, inore j than any to other man For. the .Republican- < Reform defeat.. Sweeping- the Suite :by substantial ''majorities, trom Chafcauqua to Montauk, the' republicans carry the Legis lature by two-thirds majority, sufficient to ' override the Governors veto, if they find it accessary to do so, and all the -State officers that were to be ^elected ate secure for another term. .While the Republican-party was so suc cessfully throughout the. State, how came. it i that' -the 'magnificent1; niajority that New York £ave for reform 'last year, was so . suddenly..swept away ? I have 1 said that it -was due to the -work iof Police Commissioner Eoosevelt, and I say it not to his "disparagement, for. he is ivn honest, Christian gentleman, a good citizen . and faithful official. 31 r. Itoosevelt, wlien appointed to his high office, which virtually made him the guardian of the city's liouor, peaoe^and safety, toot a,. , solemn oath to ,see the laws administered. Among those Jaws was one which forbade the sale of liquor on the S;i\»bath dAy;"there h; was;" there were no ifs, ands, or buts about- it it was so plain that he who ran miirfat read.. Now bow.did that law get upon the. statute book? Was it put there by the Puritans ? by the Goo-Goo? ? as they call them ; was it put there for the glory of God and to ensure a holy observance of the Sabbath? not a bit of it. It was drafted by Tammany politicians,, passed by a democratic le^islature-'aud made a law bv the signature of David Bennett Hili, the democratic Governor of the State. If its purpose was not for the observa nce of the Sabbath, what was it-then ? Ave, there's the rub," with .1 devilish ingenuity worthy of the father of lies himself1; it was framed exclusively for the purpose of blackmail, and from the hour of its passage down to the overthrow of Tainuiany last year, it was one ot the mcfet tremendous powers in the hands of hi^h police officials for the Wrorizin;* and robbery of the ten thousand liquor saloons, with which this city is cursed, which 'made their proprietors virtually as -abject slaves of the police as the serfs were ioraially in Russia, or our negroes were in the south. Sunday was their great business day, and if thev wanted to do business they must pay; resistance was useless; it was police tribute or ruin. Ia the financial transactions, the captain of the precinct seldom came i'u contact with the poor wretches who were being fleeced: an individual known as the ■' wardmau" attended to that, and took toll from t|ie general arist. Mr. Eoosevelt found these liws on the*' statute bcots, just where the democrats bad placed them. He had sworn to see the laws obeyed, and did his best to keep his oath; this is the extent of his offence and nothing more. No saloon keeper com plains of police blackmail now; no illicit gains are traced to his coffers; lie mi^ht have perjured himself and saved his party, but be did not do it, so Tan:uwiv carried the day. There was ^reat- rejoic ing' at the wigwam as the returns came in on election liisfht; many of the Tammany braves who have been out at the elbows and rather seedy ior thje past year, started in for a regular ghost dance, for the flesh pots were-once more in siVht, ajad the Promised Land was not far 6£. \- Oar sistigr; / l|TOo^yn; ILis. acfiieped another reform .. jgey'-liatfe "the mayor, aldsraafin, "arid «r8y other aood thin?, and they -look .upon it as the xe ward of a virtuous life, and they are correspond ingly happy. It is scarcely worth while at this late day to say anything further abuui tlle Vanderbilts, Marlborough included; and yet there were a few thin-js connected with it that are worth ,a.passing thought. The Vanderbilts are fo-day one of 'our richest, most powerful, and meet'respect- ■ able of. pur American families. When William K. Vanderbilt married Alva Smith he raised -her from a condition of comparative poverty to one of almost unlimited affluence, and jjluced within her power enjoyments and opportunities that, without his aid, she never could have coa ceived in aer wildest dreams. When she entered the Vanderbilt family, from every member of it she received unlimited kindness. Then came the divorce. It was evident that William K. Vanderbilt was not a happy man; he realized that be had made a great mistake in marrjing lier;. .she was in no way suited to birn, and when the time came he was willing to pay a good round sum to®et.-rid of her. At last came the' wedding; of her daughter with, the Duke of Marlborough. Thousands of -invitations ] were scattered all o»er the laud, many of j them to people whom she had never seen, ' and who had not the slightest claim to her j consideration, only that -she thought it would br; <rood form to incite them. Ivhen the invitations wcut out not one Vander- j bilt was on the list. I believe that she I would have ignored he daughter's father at i the church, where he went to --n ] bride away, if she had dared, and seriously ■ considered taking that office npon hwielf. i .The slight she attempted to put <m the j relations of her late husband and her ! daughter, iu the not distant future, will ! recoil upon herself. It was a hateful'thin^ ' to do, and oue that New York society will ■' not readily forget; but those who knew ] Alva Smith as a pirl ire not at all sur- i prised, and I heard an old lady remark, who was a friend ■ of the Smith family "That's just like Alva." In the I church, while Mr. Yandcrbilt was ■zivin-r i away the bride, Mrs. Vanderbilt kept well out of siarht. Mr. Vami.-rbilt hurried out of the church, and it was plain to b;; seen, notwithstanding all the'^lory and show of pomp, it v/;i - a tupei-^ErUuture reared on brokea hearts. Last week I took ooca-sion to speak <-f ' our amusements, and that subjec t is mm-,, important than many p.iop!,-, imagine. In New York rity rheiv ar.t ill v two mil lions of people. Three tiroes ,-is manv -o to ..ill- theatres, music halls, and va.ri.Ay shows as attend our churches. If ev.-ry place of worship on the island of Man liattau was crowded to its utmost capacity, Jew and Gentile, jtVotesran; and Catholic,' one million aud five hundred thousand would be left oa the outside. It is safe to say that of this one"million and fire hun dred thousand; oiie-liailf attend places of amusement,aria to them may be added one half of the church-going people, matins in . round numbers at lea-t a million. If they don't want to go to church, and they must be amused, it becomes a very important .question what the character of our amuse iment shall be. At the present time we-are threatened with a flood of the music halls of London, where comic songs lascivious dances, and ; tumbling acrobats foim the staple of the 1 pabulum on which these audiences feed. . "YvetteO-nilbprt, tiie iatest-^arisiau sensa- 1 lion, who. is shortly to : honor us with a , visit, and'who-Strikes-the- delicate line'; between suggestive indecency and absolute j bLvck^fuaidism, : commands fire hundred'-I doll,,rs per night for fifteen minutes' work, [ or three times the salary..of .the President | of the United States. ' ;J 1 frequently hear lamentation tliatwel have no American dram&. What do people* | jneau'by-tbat ? is it a reflex of cur national j and social life, past and present, which, - by j example, - -shall -present ..io ..jour., children's J Children a. living picture of the age and I body of - tlio ■ time, or shall'f>ur national j. drama consist of so-called society plays, i where fraud, cheating, lying, broken faith;.' murder, seduction and social rain, are the | staples of the entertainment,?. Or, shall j we go amon;» the common people to learn' | lessons of morality and virtue from their domestic associations, and with them the incentive to'a higher, a'nobler, and a better life? '■'"■■■ '■ ■■■■■■. I was led to this train of thought by witnessing a play in Brooklyn, which I briefly alluded to. last week, the perform ance of Puddenhead Wilson, by JErank Mayo. Manager Edwin" KnoXvles," t iy,ht> is the lessee of three of the most magni ficent theatres in that city, had seea Mr. Mayo's performance, and engaged him for tlire?, weeks. It seemed like a hazardous ■ experiment, but here was a chance to test a real American play. It is* American all through. The story is American, written by an American, drama tized by an American, Mr. Mayo, and all the - actors and actresses are American. Manager Knowles saw his opportunity; hie" . believed the public would sustain him it the play was good, and he was right. Pot three weeks the houses have been packed, for ,Mr. Mayo's performance of Pudden head Wilson has come to the public like a revelation. It is a clean story, full of the '' broadest humanity, and moral to the core. Ho mother need be afraid to bring her * young daughter to see it, for it is one of those sweet and lovable pictures that'will live in the memory down to the shadows of" j! old age as among t!v brightest reminisces- j ces off their early life. * i In Puddenhead Wilson you have a sub lime illustration of uasbaken hope and j tireless patieuce under heartless provoca- ] lion and contempt. Puddeahead Wilson i has a theory in palmistry and there are j certain lines on the end of the thumb that I never change from childhood to old ago. i He takes the impression of the thumb .on glass, and labels them the instant they are j taken; these be stores away for future use, and after years of patient waiting the hour of h'is triumph comes at last. He that has been the butt anil the ridicule of his nei gh bors for twenty years, becomes the itemises and avenger of another's wrongs; he stands | in the court the hold champion of the right; j justice is meted out to the guilty; tha j innocent are rewarded and restored to their own, and the play ends happily. ! With a stai^e full of eminent and capable ! actors, one central figure remains towering j above all the rest, as Ciiimborazu's height o'ertops the vailey at its toot. In the sweet, genial, patient old Puddenhead, Wil son, Mr. Mayo has created a character that will live after him, and has answered in his own proper person the question, " Have we an American Drama ?" 