PER&ONAL.; John Hayue, a 50 years' resident of Scone,- is dead. : : ..'? -.: ??.?.''??.. '' The Premier has promised to visit Graf ton during the recess. A Tam-Woktu resident, Mrs. Pitfield, has just died at the age of 92, AVitttA*i Cooksonj A resident of W. Maitland, died tin Friday) aged 77. ,'??',? ' ? A.visitT old resident of Bathiirst has passed away ih.MrR. Slcpin. nirpA Sfl. Prince Rudolf Charonstin, who came second iil the Vienna Chess Congress, is 22 years of age. Rudyard Kipling's new book, ' The Seven Seas,' has been purchased at £2500 — equal to Is per word. Gkouge Coppin, the veteran senator- actor, has started to revive his fortunes, and at 77 is touring with Maggie Moore. Comte Albert de Mun, in a letter on the Anti Masonic Congress, says the struggle against Free masonry is becoming a greater necessity day by day. John M'Donald, an old Charters Towers mining expert, after eight years in London, is returning to Australia, and will, it is said, have a look in at Cool gardie. Dcking a thunderstorm on 'Friday, a girl named Jessie Toomey was struck dead by lightning? at Windsor. Her hair at the time Avas done up with Bteel curling-pins. ,;?'?, ArTEB a twelve months' visit to England, America, and the Continent of Europe, Mr. Hugh Dixson, junior (of the Sydney tobacco- manufacturing firm), returned to Sydney with his wife last week. ? Bayley, of Bayley's Reward, Coolgardie, has just died in Victoria. He did not live long to enjoy his ' pile.' The otiiim cum dit/nilate after an active life revealed the fact that Mr. Bayley had a 'liver.' Wb inadvertently omitted to state last week that Mrs. Kirby, who had charge of the arrangements in connection with Mr. Spruson's funeral to Ryde, acquitted herself of her task in the most satisfactory manner. The Fathers of the Holy Ghost have suffered a grave loss. by the death, in German East Africa, of Father Keruman, a native of the Diocese of Stras bourg, who in the discharge of his duty has fallen a rictim to fever. Father O'Brien, a native of Wexford, who went out to South Africa with the late Bishop Rickards, and was stationed at Grahamstown, Port Elizabeth, and Uitenhage, has just passed aivay at the last named place. The late Mr. J. J. Spruson was one of the most knowledgable and industrious of book-collectors in Sydney, and apart from its instrinsic literary character his library is a valuable one from the point of view simply of bibliophiles. Henry George, the father of land confiscation, ?who consistently invested his profits on ' Progress and Poverty' in real estate, has just emerged from comparative oblivion as an advocate of Bryan for the American Presidency, plus the ?' silver cru sade.' How have the mighty fallen ! Osman Pasha, the hero of Plevna, now devotes himself to the duty of 'fealing' the Sultan's dishes in the Imperial kit chen. By no means a sinecure, one would think, in such a kitchen, where so many are desirous of ' having a finger in the pie.' It is felt everywhere that the decision' of the Executive Council in commuting the death sentence on the Dederers of Boggabri to imprisonment for life was not only merciful, but wise. Their execu tion, brutal as was the crime, would have carried ?with it no moral lesson to others. Princess May, Duchess of York, has, like Silas Wegg, the ' literary man with a wooden leg,' begun to ''drop into poetry.' The subject is a noble one — stirring up an an interest in London waifs and strays; but there is at least a suggestion of Silas's wooden leg about the metre. The London Daily Chroxicle is responsible for the statement that the Sultan of Turkpy is descended from a French lady. His great-grandmother— «e'e AimeeDubucde Rivery — was the consort of Hamid under the name of Nachasadil Sultana. This lady was, it is said, the cousin and companion of Josephine, Napoleon Bonaparte's first Empress. Cardinal Satolli intended to leave Washington on October 10 and sail for Europe on October 17. 'In the letter, granting his commission to Monsignov Martinelli, the new Delegate Apostolic, the Holy' Father says the post had become vacant 'through the promotion to the sacred purple of his Eminence Cardinal Satolli, who by his great work has merited this mark of esteem.' .'?'., L Don Carlos, in the course of an interview, is reported to have denied that he had entered into any engagement with the Holy Father and the Emperor of Austria not to attack the Spanish Regency; He added that his patriotism enjoined a peaceful atti tude on his part, but this same patriotism might counsel a change of opinion, for he was perfectly free to choose the opportune moment. c , The appointment of Dr. Temple, Bishop of Lon don, to the vacant See of Canterbury and Primacy of the Anglican Church, has given a shock to the 'true Blues.' Dr. Temple largely assisted Mr. Gladstone in his work of pulling down the Irish Establishment, and his appointment to London by the G.O.M. was considered something too awful at the time. And now the iconoclast is Archbishop of Canterbury. The late Sir Joseph George Innes when at the Bar did not give promise of the j udicial ability he after wards displayed on the bench. A story used to be told thatDafley once raised his ire at a Bar dinner by complimenting him on his splendid amateur jockes'ship. ' Why, hang him,' said Dalley when Innes's annoyance was reported to him ; ' it is the one thing he really does well.' Another sore point with the deceased Judge was any reference to the identity of Mrs. Reiby, his grandmother, with the famous Margaret Catchpole ; though why anyone should be ashamed of descent from such a heroine passes the average understanding. At the same time there were many men whom we might more easily have spared than Judge Innes. If he had personal foibles, they did not run into vices, and on the Bench they were never shown. Sir George, who was 02 years of age, had been ailing for some time, and w'as on ' sick leave' in London at the time of his death (28th ult.). But nobody supposed the illness would terminate as it has. What a death list of our public men for two weeks— Goodchap, Fraser, Spruson, Jnnes ! [ Mr. t; fceliy and Mr . Hugh Fiddes, members of the Rockhdmpto'ri Harbour Hoard, have just been on a mission to Brisbane as a deputation to the Go vernment from the Board; Heroic devotion to duty has been well illustrated by the conduct in Matabeleland of Father Bartho* lemy, a Jesuit, who was for some time1 stationed in Limerick, and is now with the troops under General Carrington and Mr. Cecil Rhodes. In recording the funeral of Major Kershaw, who was buried with military honours near Sugar Bush Camp, a local pressman says : ?- Father Bartholemy, who officiated, had to be carried to the grave and sup ported while reading the service. He is, I am sorry to say, seriously ill with fever.' Sergeants Kerr and M'Closky and Lieutenant Harvey were interred at the same time. : Bathx'Rst without the Meaghers would be very like a skeleton without a backbone. One of the most munificent subscribers to the Federal Con vention fund was John Meagher, senior. Now we find that ' Mick' Meagher— fonder, like his father, of work than talk— has, with the assistance of Mr. ?\V. P. Crick, M.P., not only won the Premier into a promise of attendance, but won also tho concession of free railway passes for all accredited delegates. By the way, in our mention of Mr. M. Meagher's presence the other day at Mr. Spruson's funeral, we dubbed him J.P. This was a mistake which we hope a brief time will have justified us in perpetrat ing. The Daily News says :— ' It has been persistently rumoured for some time past that Miss M. F. Cusack, so wellknown as - the Nun of Kenmare,' has rejoined the Church of Rome. We are, how ever, able to state on the highest authority that the statement is absolutely untrue. Miss Cusack, who is now staying at a French watering-place, is still engaged in her Protestant crusade.' May God forgive us if it is a sin (says the Catholic Times), but we must frankly say that this announcement of the Daily News gives us unalloyed pleasure. It ap pears to us that the Catholic Church is no place for people whose work largely consists in making false accusations. Sir Patrick and Miss Jennings intend to spend the summer at Westbrook, Darling Downs. In all probability, before the summer wanes, Sir Patrick will be 'in the thick' of the Federation election. He may be regarded as almost the father amongst living men of Federation. Not merely Avas he one of the now diminished party of statesmen who formed the Federation Convention of 1890 ; but as a 'border' member of the Assembly a quarter of a century ago, his electioneering speeches always bristled with Federation. By the way, ' O'Dwyer Aglauna's' suggestion of a site for the Federal Capital in last week's Freeman is original, and should receive attention. This passage from the Premier's after-dinner speech at the recent Prince Alfred Yacht Club din ner is in George Reid's oldtime good-natured form : — 'Another pleasure to him (Mr. Reid) was that, seated next to himself was Sir George Dibbs, one of the grandest men in the country. Although they might honestly differ in politics, he sat by Sir George Dibbs and regarded him with the most cordial affection and esteem. He did not wish Sir George Dibbs back in Parliament again. So long as he (Mr. Reid) was in Manquarie- street he wanted Sir George in Barrack-street. But if Sir George Dibbs did come back to Parliament there was no man in this country who would get a more cordial welcome to active political life.' 