WHITE CLIFFS NEWS. | * fFrom onr Covroflnondcnt.i Dcecinbor 25. — Miuing affairs continue very quiot and thoro ore but fow reporta of finds of opal during tho past ton days. I havn boon told of & fair patch being «tvuck on Block 7, but small lots have been tho rulo on tha other portions of tho Hold. I havo bctm shown by Mr It. S. Gregory an opal specimen, which is exceedingly beautitul. it is in tho torm ot a ancii, per fectly formed and consists of opal of a splendid quality. Mr Gregory has had it cut and polishou without in any way destroy ing tho shape : and as a pendant to a lady's neoklct it wonld bo almost matchless. Tho shell was found on Block 13 by Mr Gregory, and wan firmly imbeddod in tlio solid rock. Another beautiful specimen is aUo in tho pos session of Mr C. D. Huwson. In shape it roscmblos tho thick joint of a kangaroo's tail, and has running through tho contro n bar about half an inoh in thickness of auporb opal, tho outor coating being also opal but colorloss. A concert was given hero last ovoning in aid of the hall fund. Thero was a large attondanco and a longthy programmes was gut through in a very creditable manner. The first portion of the programme consisted of a minstrel cirolo,in winch Messrs Gregory, Charles, Nerris, Breeding, Kennedy, Wilk inson, Haley, Lawrcnce and Melnerncy took part, each of them contributing songs, which wore well reeeivod. Messrs Gregory and Charles mado excellent corncr raon, their jokas and local hits being well rccoivod. In tho second part songs were givon by Messrs | Scott, Noma, Haloy, Breeding, und Law- i rence, a pianoforto duel by Miss A. Murphy and Mr Fiebig, nnd a violin oolo artistically , played by Mr Fiebig. Mr M. Ifennedy also gave two capital exhibitions of stepdancing in a breakdown and an Irish jig. Tho over tures for both parts were played by tho local btring band, two other selections boing also given by them during tho evening. This waa tho first appearance of tho band in public, and their performance waa highly meritorious, reflecting much credit on thoir instructor and leader, Mr Fiobig. Tho en tertainment oloeed 'with a luughablo farce entitled 11 Tho Ghost,' in which Messrs Qregoryt Charles and Kennedy kept the andience in a simmer of laughtor. Spocial thanks are due to Mr Fiebig, who played tho Whole of tho accompaniments, and arranged tho instrnmontal portion of tho programme. A crioket match, Nuntherungie v. Opal Fields waa played hero on Friday and Satur day tho 20th and 21st inst. Considerable interest was felt in tho game as tho visitors wero regarded as a strong team, but tho Opal Field men proved far and away too strong a combination for them, the revolt being a win for tho local team by an innings ftnd.30runs, For the winners, S. Carter made 75, J. Merry 72, C. Wing 29, A. Charles 22, H. Johnstone 15, C. Vainos and* W. Richardson 14 each, while the bowling honors fell to A. Richardson, H. A. John fitono and S. Carter. For tho losers G. A. Konncdy scored 49 and 26, A. Quin 32, N. Kannody 2?. and 10 and S, Crossing 14, and in bowling A. Quin, G. A. Kennedy, and N. Konnedy woro the most successful. Iu fielding tho winnow excollod themselves, hardly a chance boing missed. The visitors were ontertained by tho local team on the Friday evening to a dinner at Johnstone^ hotol, when u capital spread was provided, aftnr which a convivial meeting interspersed with songs, &c.;, was enjoyed. Tho Nun therungie inori - expressed themselves as highly pleased with their visit to White Cliffs. December 29.— Very little work has been done in opal mining during the last few days owing to tho Christmas holidays, and also the groat heut of the weather. On Christmas day a geod many arcepkd the imitation oi both hotelkeepers to dinner, und an exccllont spread wns onjoyed at both hou/es. In tho afternoon a cricket match was played betwoon a combined elevon from both the clubs and 22 ' mngs.' Tho latter put up u *oure of HO nnd th.' combined team lost fo.»r wickets for C-i. The game was thoroughly enjoyoil despite the heat, and several of tho Mugs show4rd form v.ith tho bat and ball which rather tfnublod our loading piaycrs, whilo the generalship of their captain (Mr J. Patterson); gavo a few wrinkles for future matches. For tho New Year holidays a srood bill o* umudeineut is provided in the form of a con cert on New Y«tr*« live, sports on New Year's Day and a ball in the overling. 