? Cool. Theatre. Pleasant. Summary. Cyclorama. Waxworks. Tragic end. Charley inexorable. Municipal economy. Cintra'shull uninjured. . A fatal case of snakebite. Accident on the polo field. Neat retort from Big Tom. Live Commander-iu-Chief. Nax-al Reserve to be ready. Ex e of the election campaign. Afghan shot dead at Coolgardie. lleat record in the mother colony. Another murderer out of the way. Mr. L. S. Spiller gone to Sydney. Cecil Rhodes will stick to politics. A little stranger at Bishop's Court. rS'ext Continental to- morrow night. Dax-id Lindsay a blonted capitalist. "Wanted, true patriotism in politics. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-daj>, 29"8fl. Lord Wolseley making- experiments. Sultan of Turkey fretting a reprieve. Appeal for little diphtheria patients. Krtiger and Chamberlain making it up. Port Darxvin telegraph line interrupted. Why not furbish up the old Buffalo guns? The Queen pleased with her Chamberlain. Miss Mav I.!-tchford's sad death a mystery. Manly buzzums of our millingtary all aglow. Remember the Sunbeam concert on Thursday. A lix-ely meeting of the Brighton Corporation. Boating accident in Nexv Zealand—ten lives lost. Viscount Wolseley came into office just in time. Txx-ice refused—are the Ci tj' Fathers satisfied? "Wool prices likely to be higher a year Iiencv. Local xvool sal&3 yearly growing in importance. Tom PLaytord preaching at Wineseller Burgoyne. Mr. Harrold the first to be waited on by lady x'oters. Our volunteers handicapped by an inferior weapon. We want the best men to serve UB in politics. Warlike despatch from Australia to foreign nations. Mr. A. L. Harrold consulting his political friends. A noble ambition truly—to serve one's country. Whirr of excitement amongst the Labour nominees. British x-olunteer force to be mobilized at a day's notice. Lee-Mitford rifles and ammunition xvanted for Australia. Discretionary inx'estment turf agents—great Nimrod's ghost! Britishers forgej party difference in face of a national peril. Gratifying xx- ool sales; 91,154 bales offered and SO, 231 sold. Let's get the Japs' custom, and we'll chance their presence. The women should strix'e to raise the standard of politics. Village settlers seem to regard themselves as State officials. Deputation to ActingTreasurer this morning re police moiety. Tom Playford emulating the ancient Town Clerk of Ephesus. How the City i'athers glory in a chance of doing a little blow. Salisbury copying the example of _ his old chief, Beaconsfield. Meeting of the East Torrens Electoral Association on Thursday. Some x'illage settlements succeeded in growing their own horaefeed. Britain regarded in Europe as a " blackleg." She won't join a union. Tagh Mahomet, a camel proprietor, killed by one of his. employes. Hearty request to Mr. A. L. Harrold to stand for North Adelaide. Sir. W. H. Smith, postmaster, of Maitland, dead—result of an accident. Patriotic A. M. Simpson wishes the military armaments to be improved. Nurse Nellie Nugent transferring her kindly attentions to the Norseman. A shame to leave pob'tics to place-seekers and opportunist windbags. Mr. Harrold has shoxro his patriotism by his devotion to the military. South African mining promoters getting it hot from their mining paper. We Australians can skite for the mother country if she'll do the fighting. Cintra passengers may consider their fortunate escape a piece of good Luck. More than half of the Australian wool clip is now sold before beingexpor ed. Broken Hill eliould swallow a x-ast quantity of our delicious grapes this season. Sun rose at 4.50 a.m. ; sets at 7 p.m. Moon rose at 3.36 a.m. ; sets at 6.47 p.m. Mr. Hourigan has again been selected as the Labour candidate for West Turrens. Kruger afraid that his English prisoners xvould eat too much of his Dutch cheese. Plain, blunt sermon from Honest Tom on the doings of Demetrius, the silversmith. Both Hourigan and Gould desire not to have a correspondence, but somehow it's^here. Russia the stumbling- block in the way of affording relief to the Armenian Christians. A. M. Simpson says our weapons are oldfashioned. Yes, Noah had 'em in the Ark. If England, France, and Russia are diplomatically good friends, the .Kaiser is up a tree. 1 1 Anti-toxin" method of treatment in diph theria x-ery successful at the Children's Hospital. The Minister of Education leaves on Wednesday for Sydney to take part in the Pacific Cable Conference. Great Britain has often as of late suffered heavily from the misdoings of irresponsible people in foreign lands. David Lindsay agrees xx-ith the Crumbman that the railxvay from Norseman to Esperance Bay is bound to come. Russia s treatment of the Jexvs does not warrant one in expecting her co-operation in any humanitarian effort. Labour Party getting quite respectful to the National Defence League — because it carries so much weight, eh I Mercantile men are not necessarily mercenary men. Our merchant princes include some of the truest patriots. The number of men enrolled in the Volunteer corps of Great Britain has increased from 119,146 in 1860 to 227,741 in 1S93. The Victoria, Britannia, aud Oceana, of the P. Sc O. Co.. are subsidized by the Admiralty as " reserved merchant cruisers." Fancy the dear kind old Worsnopfu! Toivn Clerk administering the slipper to those naughty boys. Did Mr. Worsnop ever go a- sxvimming in school hours'." Mr. Lindsay strongly advocates handing the Northern Territory back to the British Government and allowing Chartered Companies to develop it. He's not coming out as a Labour candidate for certain. 