: THE CUSTER MASSACRE. 1 It was in January 1876 that Gens. Custer,' » Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against lha \ Sioux in Montana. 5 At Rosebud on the Yellowstone, Terry estab* 1 liehed a camp and Ouster kept ou the search for redskins. Crook was detained in another * direction, which left Custer willi a small force r of men. r Old Sitting Bull was the medicine man ofj . 5 the Sioux and gave them advice as to what? they should do. On June 25, Custer struck Sitting Bulls trail and followed it into the ' 1. it tie Big Horn valley. Custer expecting a ' battle. detached Major Rcoo with seven 1 companies to cross the Little Big Horn ‘ river, and attack the enemy from tho West. Custer dashed off to the right, Reno was ou the left and Ben teen, in ,v the centre. Custer .soon disappeared in the valhy and immediately after Reno and Bentceti were surrounded by Indians, and for 24 hours they fought desperately against over- - - wh« Iming odds. While Reno and hia men were bittling for their lives they heard firing in fcha direction takvn by Custer. It only lasted a fewi . minutes and then ceased. Then Terry arrived} from the Yt-llowstor.e camp and Reno’s com mand was saved. Tho Indians had all..dis appeared before Terry arrived. A search was then made for Custer. He was soon found dead with his men. Major Reno was tried by Court Martial for failing to support Custer, He was a ruined mim, but there have always been doubts ns to the justness of bis punishment, fot it is thought by many that Reno did well to save his command from massacre.. And many people were not slow in blaming Gen. Custer for dashing into tho trap he did,, when by a little strategy he might have given battle to the reds and inflicted a sevefe punishment upon them. But he waited for no one and sonic who knew him well say that hia.' desire to win all the glory for Custer, led him to charge the enemy instead of waiting for Ueno.1 o\Uth's ^Dravc~^L?. Custer died and not one tell the history of that charge. Such —— brief history of the Custer massacre. • ' It is many years now since that desperatoi chargo was made by General Custer, and during* those years I met with men who had visited the Custer battle field. I also met a number of Sioux who were in the battle, and from differ ent sources 1 picked up all the information H could in relation to Ihe massacre. 1 Sor«p years ago I met Frank Yates, an Indfara agent. Frank bad a brother in the 7th Cavalry (Custer’s regiment) who died by Custer’s side.* When I saw Yates ho bad charge of old Rain in-the-Face, a chief who took the lead iu the Custer massacre. Rain-in*tbe-Face was tho Indian who, after the battle, cut out Tom Cus ter’s heart, and bit a piece out of it. Tom Custer was a brother of Gen. Custer, and when Kain-in-thc-Face cut his heart out he was. ful filling a vow. Some time before tho Sioux went on the warpath, Tom Custer bad struck Rain in-the-Face for some trivial matter. The .old Indian looked him in the face and said : “Tom Custer, I will cut your heart out foe that some day.” . . He kept his vow. Gon. Custer’s body was] not mutilated, and his death was, sudden for he was shot iu the head.’ Another story of the massacre.which was told to me by Yufes, who got it from Ihe Indians, was that of a soldii*K-. who was with Custer when they charged (hi Indians, When this soldier saw that they weres in a trap, he wheeled his horse and dashed away toward the open valley. Several Indians fol lowed him and he finally gave up all hope drawing a pistol he shot himself in the head. The Indians declared to Yates that tho loldieu^ bad a better horse than any of theirs and that they were just going to give up the chase when, they saw the fleeing man shoot himself. i But let us not call it a battle, fbr it was simply a massacre. Lately there, has been a number of stories published in rtnjard to Custer* and among them is one related by a soldier who was left behind with Beuteen when Custer started off to find Sitting Bull. This soldiec says (hat he was one of the first men to reach the Custer battle field, and from the signs which he saw he came to the conclusion that Custer and his men were not given a chance to strike one blow. The men lay in rows upon lhe> ground apd they had evidently fallen together^ They rode into the very group of the 1 mi inns, who were concealed not fifteen feet away when, they poured a volley into the little bind which] ^ literally melted away like emdke bdrore> a!' Custer’* cavalry, the Seventh, regiment* wa3 ■ always 1 So bitterest foe of the Sioux. The. Seventh had harassed the Indians foryears and. the Indians were glad of a chance to, wipe, out a. . third of the entire regiment. Years after whfc«> the ghost dancing began, and the Sioux'van broke ouc at Pine Ride agency, the Seven*h'wos, again sent into the field to.face their old, foi s*. and it was then the old Seventh came very neap being annihilated.The regime# was surrounded/ lud actually being overwhelmed by numbers when the Eleventh arrayed and saved the old: regiment. And the regiment which came to. ;he rescue wp^ a negro regiment. Recent surveys show that one-sixth, n^ihe 5Ute of Oregon, something over 1^00.000 icres, is covered with dense forests, . A species of minute'Brazilian spider spins ■rebs so fine that it takes them twisted together to equal thq diameter of a human hair. . Tha mortality among cattle at sea resulting irom cruelty, want of water, fee., was formerly jut down at sixteen per cent:, while-at tho tresent time it is one Der cent. 1 \-- ' •, - \ Thebe areabout 370,000 acres under tea tultivation in British India.. • . . . The late Emperor Frederick, on all hia jampaigns used to carry with him his- mili-. lary hymn book, a present from his consort. ^ J'he growth of; girls is greatest in' theii * fifteenth year, and that of boys in tho seven teenth. The deepest gold mines in Australia are the itfagdala, at Stawcll, 2,40 j feet, auj, T-ansoll’s, at Sandhurst. 8,64'0, . 