LONDON LETTER (From Our Own Correspondent.) LONDON, August 7. This week witnessed the arrival in .England of that noble chow, Li Hung Chang, or should it be Li Chung Tong, for so the venerable chinkie is called by the notoriously well-informed Cockney Press. He is to be lodg-d and fel at the expense of the grumbling but loyal British tax-payer, and every effort is to he pat forth to impress His C« lest : al Ex. with the greatness of this wonderful little country, and, if possible, to secure same substantial orders for war and railway materi*!, whi h the "grand old Mandarin" is said to have in his bag. Some of the paper* are piblishiug his alleged impression? of bis Western tour. What firet struck Li Hung 1 hang on his arrival in Europe was die splendour and eneigy of the great railway systems. Then it was the size and grandeur of the cities. He has been greatly astonished at the affability of Ihe Royal and Imperial personages he hss met. The friendliness with which he has been received by sovereigns, the solicitude of princesses in his well-being, and the happiness of everyone in the several Courts were all in striking contrast to the narrow, inflexible class distinctions at home. At first he did not like this ; he thought it wrong, a" , encouraging violation of Court discipline. But hehas grown accustomed to it, as to .many other strange, unlo ked-for revelations. Another theme of wpnder is the habit of monarchs and their consorts to dance. To Li'Hung Chang the dance is almost limited to a form of hired entert-uament. He cannot understand a Premier avowing himself to do it. Discussing this' accomplishment of Western lif«V Li said, " But surely you do .not telLme the Prince of Wales dances ?" When assured that it was so he responded," " But not the Princess of Wales ?" , Of his mission he talks reticently. He feels that one nation is playing him off Against its neighbors. He has been striick by the eagerness of Buss, -Teuton and Gaul to lend China money, build .her ships, sell her guns, and make treati s with the Emperor.' But he di s- courages conversation on these points. Next week ; several Germans of eminence are to amve from Berlin, when it is understood" the earlier offers of service . to Pekin will be revived. That; Li's interests in Russia are warm may be judged by the excitement with which he heard a rumor that the Czar is to visit her MajeBty at Balmoral. Already the Americans are beginning to discuss Li Hung Chang's approach- ing visit to the States. The view" taken by the majority of the people is expressed by one of their leading organs : —Li Hung Chang is the viitual ruler of a great empi e, and a potent, personage for gocd or evil. If he likes America he will be able to show that appreciation in ways that will be of great advantage to the trade of the Uni ed States; and if he does pot like us he may shut the gates against us as much as ;we have done against h<s subjects. But aside fromany question of advantage, the Viceroy of China is entitled to be received as one of the great men of the world, and. as one of the "great figures of history. His is a powerful personality, that of the scholar and statesman, and he has left au indelible imprint upon the affairs of China." • An almost forgotten episode la the life of Li Hung « hang is worth recalling just now. When the late General Gordon, by a series of unparalleled victories, had succeeded in suppressing the Taeping rebellion, the lives of the leaders of the insurrection we e spared, and they .were promised a safe conduct by Gordon. Imnaiedia.tely the Chinese got hold of them, however, they were at once beheaded in '-violation'of Gordon's promise. " For this act of treachery Li was held responsible by Gordon, who would have shot him on the spot had he discovered his' hiding ploce. Later, when his indignation had subsided, Gordon became reconciled to Li Hung Chang, and remained his firm f rieni to the end of his life. The naval manoeuvres of 1896 are now at an-end, and the Quten has inspected -the recently contending, but since happily united, squadrons at Spit head. It was, indeed, an inspiriting sight to 'see these huge iron floating fortresses riding in f two majestic lines, which' extended for miles. A mighty Armada,'yet only a portion of the naval strength of this tight little island. England may mt have a b?g standing army, but she has got a powerful floating: navy, and. the reviews at Spithead will convince *he foreigner he had better think twice before incurring the risk of an encounter with the Mistress of the Seas. Li Hang Chang was evidently impressed with the appearance of the fleet on the occasion of his recent visit to Spithead. Mr. W. H. Wilson, whose work, "Ironclads in Action," attracted so much attention early in the year, has just suggested that to make editors of newspapers liable to compulsory military serrice woul! be a capital plan to keep the world's peace. Very likely. Most newspapers glorify war. And not only positively, but negatively—that is, by constancy refraining from dwelling upon its real horrors. Special correspondents never tell their readers anything about the real horrors of war. Mr. Wilson might have said that the parsons are even greater sinners, in both respects, than the editors. The defeat of the Cornstalks at Bexhill last week, by the Earl de IJL Warr's team, possesses little or no significance, as the match was never regarded in the light of serious cricket. Our boys were opposed by a good English side certainly, and had the misfortune to delay their second innings on a wicki-t like an Irish bog, it having rained during the proceeding night and goodly portion of the day of play. The Australians treated the affair in the light of a picnic, and I h*ar that no effort was wanting on the part of their noble host to ke p a'ive the delusion. This week our boys invaded Brummagem. and were opposed by a very strong Warwickshire combination, and as if to emphasise the glorious uncertainty of the game, licked the Midlanders by an innings and 60 runs The Brit'sV.ers simply went to pieces before the terrific onslaught of the Kangaroos' bowling. The excitement in sporting circles is intense regarding the approaching third and final match of the tour, each side having a leg in. There is sure to bi an enormous gate, and if the weather con tinnes fine, and our fellows enter the lists in anything like condition, we should score the rubber. " This will be my last visit to Enggland, and I hope to make it a good one," George Giffen declared to his friends before leaving Adelaide, and he is going the right way to keep his intention. ITo Antipodean criketer has greater fame in England than the " Ans'ralian Grace," but to see George Giffen at his best one has to witness his performances at the Adelaide Oval or in Sydney, with the thermometer registering lOCdeg. in the shade. The English climate does not suit him, and the •treacherous winds and moist air are more than he can stand with comfort. The change frcm the heat of an Australian March to the bleakness of an English April put him out of condition imnrediatf ly on his arrival here. Ho man can do his best when his head is splitting and his eye3 are burning with an influenza cold, and that has beea GiSen's state during at least part of the last three months. Mr. Harry Musgrove, the popular manager of the visiting Australian Eleven, will return with the team to Australia, but .I hear it is quite possible Muzzy " will not long remain "down under," as it . is more than likely he will return here as, soon as convenient to join his brother George, who has taken » London theatre. A Simla telegram says _the observa- tionsmade by the Commander-in-Chief, Lord Wolseley, in giving eeidence before the Royal Commission upon Indian civil and military expenditure, . hive aroused general indignation. The high authorities consider the opinions Expressed by the Commander-in-Chief on that occasion as i 1-judged,-and as calculated to create discontent ia the native army. How does England's only Jineral reconcile his recent emphatic utterances with the following, penned a few years back, on the question of the native Indian forces of the Empire. In July, 1878, Lord Wolseley wrote as follows in the North American Review :—" The Sepoy possesses many of the highest military virtues; indeed, they are, as it were, instincts ingrained in the races from which he is drawn—races who regard a soldier's occupation as the noblest of earthly pursuits. The honor of a soldier is common to all ranks, and is not con. fined to the hierarchy of the officerclass, as we too frequently find is the case in Western armies. They bave their own peculiar views on the.subject, hut 1 have no hesitation in saying that the Crown jewels would be safer in some respects under-the charge of a . Sepoy guard or a Sepoy sentry than if committed t > the care of European soldier?." So much for the hereditary military instincts and the honor and honesty of the native soldier; now for Lord Wolseley's opinion (f his fighting qualities, and his ability to cope, with Europeans. " Since the invasion of Russia by Napoleon we have been accustomed to hear a good deal of the Cossack troop 3 , and of the advantages possessed by an army well provided with them We saw them in the Crimea, and all who know our Indian cavalry infiiuitely prefer the latter. They are far more intelligent*. are better armrd, and in every way better men, mounted on much better horses. Should we ever be engaged in any great European war we could easily send 10,000 of them from India, which, added to the 6,000 British sabres we coull put in the field, would form a very imposing cavalry force. The native infantry we could draw from India would be practically unlimited in number. No European troops are such good marchers, and all who. have learned from personal experience with them in action to appreciate their fighting value, will agree with me in thinking that our recent di covery of how willing, nay anxious our Indian army is to fight in this hemisphere, will enable England to re-occupy the military position she held in the estimation of the world at the beginning of this century. • Forty years ago Alexander Gamble, at present an inmate of a San Francisco almshouse, was reputed to be \w»rth a million of money. He is now 75 years of age, and left Ireland for Ame rica,-when 11 years oli. In the year 1850 he ownei extensive mining pro- 1 perties in Nevada. In i865 he bought a, big .ranch at Menlo Park, and expended £25,000 in stocking it with cattle and horses. His lack turned with the depresiation of his propei ty in the seventies, his creditors sold him out, and all that was left to him was a pair of strong hands and a coll- ge education. A strange fact in the history of his vicissit ide? is that a man named Patrick Reddy, who was in his employment as a day laborer when he ovnei the Wild West, the Del Monti, the Sunrise, and other valuable nrnes, is now at the bead of the institntion which gives the ex-millionaire a shelter in his closing years of ill-luck. There has been a failure for four millions sterling at. Chicago, and the Stock Exchange there has taken a holiday—in other words, cltsed its doors for an indefinite period. It seems to have been caused by the breakdown of a "speculative deal" - for s rise which might have had the most brilliant re.-ul s, if the whole American people had been a party to the transaction. As it was, they went their wild way without any thought of Diamond Match Stock or New York Biscuit. The speculators were doing nicely when the Venezuelan scare gave the stock a heavy fall. But it soon recovered, and it was running into figures beyond the dreams of avarice when the silver plank of the Presidential platform gave it a final blow. Such is the reported history of the transaction, and it is in complete harmony with Mr. Chauncey Depcw's latest deliverance on the ruinous effect of the silver craze. The chief difficulty in these American combinations for the rise seems to be to get Providence to stand in. "Slump," "BOOJI," and "Circus" have all enriched the Stock Exchange vocabulary within the last year or two, and the first and sccond, at least, by virtue of their suggestion of expression, have passed into a still wider domain of slang. Th* Chicago failure, however, has brought a contribution from the land of "caboodle" and "mugwump, 1 " which, if a mixture of rhythm and mysteiy goes for anything, has " come to stay for who would speak of go ; ng to smash," or limit himself to the feebleness of "over goes the show," when he muht fill his mouth and astound his friends wi h " plump comes the whole gazoo ?" It is id be recorded and regretted that, in the opinion of competent critics, the Venezuelan dispute with our Brother Jonathan is not over, but may probably break out again with increased virulence. II n'ot disposed of.under the present administration, it may become a matter of grave difficulty to bring about a rational and cool, understanding under a new President and a new Secretary of State. The deiire of a new set of .men, fldshrd wi»h electioneering successes, to indulge in the historical Yankee pastime of twisting the spinal appendage of the British lion may prove of the. gravest consequences. L'jrd Salisbury has, it is said, leached a, point in the proposed arbitration negotiations beyond which he dees not at present desire to go, and matters .may ba brought to a crisis very shortly. Of course the great bulk of the people da both sides of the Atlantic make for peace, but the Jingoes on both sides are rusty for the want of a-shindy, and so it may come about that wise counsels and cool judgments may be disregarded, and the English-speaking nations be plunge! into all the horrors of a fratricidal strife. In the meantime, let us all hope for the best. According to the latest return of the Registrar-General the population of the United Kingdom is now estimated at about 39,500,000, of whom nearly 31,000,000 belong t? England and Wales, Scotland claiming 4,000,000 and Ireland 4,500,000. That there ie no early prospect of the race dying out manifest from the fact that the balance of births over deaths for the first three months of the present year was 131,320. There was, moreover, a very m irked diminution in the number of emigrants between April and June. A very curious statement is made by an English legal contemporary. According to this authority, it costs the Incorporated Lav Sjc-iety mote than £6000 per annum to maintain discipline in the body which they represent, Roughly speaking, there " are 18,000 solicitors in the country, two-thirds of whom are provincial practitioners. By a curious coincidence, the amount expended eveiy year on keeping this la ge body of men within the strict limits of prjfessional rectitude thus works out at the very appropriate figure of six and eight pence per head. Colonials have ajain been giving the Britisher a. doing This t : me it was a Canadian team of artillerymen, who were pitied against some of the crack volunteer artillerists of the British home forces in the Queen's Prize contest, the Blue Riband of the gunnery meeting at Shoeburyness. The victory of the Canadians was hailed with rapturous delight in camp. This was only fitting acknowledgment of the attachment to the Mother Country which bad brought the wiuning team to Shoeburyness. But it had a deeper import. Englishmen can never forget the " resolutions and messages of loyalty passed by the great Colonies early in the year. At a time of great national trial, CanadaV message was a glowing tribute, to the pride with which Canadians had witnessed "-England 1 : majestic compcsure and unflinching self-reliance" in the hour of danger. ('n one occasion Lord Norbury ob served an attorney of d ,ubtfal reputa tion touting in the docks for business, atid determined to make an example of him. Just as the attorney was climbing over the rails of the dock back into the court his lordship called out, ' Gaoler, one of your prisoners is escaping. Put him back." Back the attorney was thrust, and the following colloquy ensued :—" My lord, there is a mistake here. I am an attorney." " I am very soriy, indeed," said Lord Norbury, " to see one of your profession in the dock." "But, my lord, I am innocent " " Yes, they all say that,' was the judge's reply. " A jury of your fellow-conntiymen mnst settle it." " But, my lord," exclaimed the now desperate man, " there is no indictment against me." " Then," said his lordship, " you will be put back, and if no one appears to prosecute, you will be discharged by public proclamation at the end of tbe assizes." An interesting incident occurred in the Home of Lords the other night, which speaks for itself. Before Lord Salisbuiy made his statement on the Venezuelan question he was seen to go up the steps of the throne to * speak to someone there. His small despatch box, containing , the Foreign office papers, lay on the bench by his side. He would not trust it there, even for a few seconds. He carefully took it up, and with it went beyond the woolsack to speak to the visitor. Similarly, when be sat down, he locked up the box and carefully took it away with him. The British Premier evidently knew the company he was in : but was not his action a good commentary on the honesty of the peers? The Naval manoeuvres, now over, have proved at least one thi ag—that the smokeless powder, called cordite, is absolutely worthy of its name. Not the ghost of a shadow of a puff of smoke did the huge gnns charged with cordite give forth when they blazed away. Smokelessness will not change naval fighting, but it will battles on land. In past land fights smoke was a target as well a a'scree*. But when riflemen are firing under cover, and their powder is smokeless, it will be all the harder to get at them. Smokeless powder will change land tactics. Speaking of naval matters reminds me that a ship of a novel character is just about to be launched on the Seine, preparatory to undertaking a voyage by way of Havre to London. It is confidently believed by the designer, who is very sanguine man, that this vessel will demonstrate the possibility of steaming through the ocean at tbe same rate as on land. The new steamer conists of a platform 120ft. long by 34ft. broad, which is supported upon three pairs of hollow steel wheels, the diameter of which is nearly that of the breadth of the vessel, and which have an edge not altogether unlike the ordinaiy keel of a ship. This sea locomotive is driven in the ordinary way by an engine of 750 horse-power, which it is calculated will produce a speed of 50 miles an hour. No man with halt an eye can have failed to remark two facts as he takes his walks abroad—the increase in th number of women with auburn orTitianhued hair, and the decrease in the company of those who wear golden locks. The craze for peroxide of hydrogen is more than on the wane, but the demand for henna is so great that while none, or next to none, was imported a couple of years ago, thousands of pounds' worth is noAV annually brought into the country. Already the colour has travelled across the Atlantic. So generally have the chorus girls and soubrettes gone in for red hair that one of the theatrical managers has told a reporter that nearly every wo nan who has applieito him for an engagement has hair of the " sunset tint." He believes, indeed, that " if a new colour isn't furthcoming, there won't be a golden haired woman in. the profession in a year's time." Major M'Kinley, Republican candidate for the American Presidency has been singing the praises of women* in a recent speech. " There is no limita tion," he said,- "to the influence that may be exerted by women in the -United States, and no adequate tribute can be spoken of her service to mankind throughout its eventful history. In every step of our progress as a nation the devotion' and sacrifices of women were conspicuous. " One or' .the.best things of our civilisation in America is the constant advancement of woman to a higher plane of labour and responsibility. The opportunities for her are greater now than ever before. This is singularly true here, where practically every avenue of human endeavour is open to her. Her impress is felt in art, science, litera'ur<?, song, and the Government. Our churche?, our schools, our charities, our professions, and our g neral business interests are more than ever each year directed by her.. Respect for womankind, has become with us a national characteristic, and what a high, noble, and manly trait it is : none noblei or holier. It stamp 3 a true gentleman. The man who loves wife and mother and tome will respect and reverence all womankind. He is always the better citizen for such gentle breeding. I congratulate you upon what woman has done for grand and noble obie.ts in the past, I rejoice with you at the wider and broader field of the present, and the splendid vista of the future, which is everywhere opening up for vou." LONDON LETTER. (Continued from Page 5.) Atamreting of the Irish National Federation" in Dublin, Mr. Michael Davit*, who presided, said he placed a hundred times «iore hope for Ireland in the work of the forthcoming Irish Convention than fifty sessions in the Imperial Parliament. Between eighty and one linndred delegates from abroad wonld attend, and Ireland would supply n'ne tenths of its iMpga'ioii. The coavention would not be packed in the infests of any section. It would n ,t wake up old controversies, but w».uld reinvigorate the national movement, and arouse patriotic energy. The convention, he bel eve J, would save the fortunes of the Home Rule cause. Before one year more had elapsed there woull not be one Irish political prisoner left, snfferinp ihe horrors and iudignitie' of penal s rritude in England. Referring to the Land Bill, he said he did not understand why Colonel Sannderson and his friends in ths Commons, and the Arrans in the Lords should feel any alarm whatever with reference to its provisions. Th- ir fears had no grounds. As to the Recess Committee, he eaii they did not want a reform of the Dublin Castle Institution ; they wanted au end of the whole castle system. Mr. Davitt pressed the memory of King Henry VIII. into the service of the Irish tenants. " Henry VIII. had many demerits," paid Mr. Davitt. " One good thing about him ought to be remembered. On hearing that an English nobleman had ejected a yeoman from a honse built by-his own labor, the King promptly committed the evictor to the Tower, whiGh would be.muph too comfortable a j lace for au exterminating Irish Landlord." An extraordinary stat ment, to which the signature of Mrs. Parnell, mother of the late Irish l ader, is attached, appeared in a New York contemporary few days aajo. In it she affirms her belief in her son's existence. Nobody who knew him, she alleges, saw his face after death. She expresses the belief, first, that he was killed by an English assassin ; next, that he disappeared because he was unable to frequent his old haunts in the face of the ingratitude of those whose careers he had made: while in tbe third place, she feels certain that Charles Stewart Parnell was entrapped by emissaries of the Vatican, and is yet held for some purpose which she cannot divine. Mrs. Parnell adds tbat she intends to pass the re3t of her days in Ireland. She is over 80 years of age now, and it is highly probable that her physical strength will not long outlast her mind. Two men who have crossed the Atlantic in a rowit-g boat, 18ft. long have just arrived at Scilly. It would be just the p'aie for them, if there were letter lees in its name. Tfcey have rowed the whole distance, and have been five and fifty days at sea. It is a fe b?yond all question, but it is a foolish thing to do. The ri k is great, and the pirp>se is entirely useless A short time ago a tiriy boat, deckel this time, while attempting some absurd enterprise against the record of human folly, suddenly turned turtle, with her crew of one asleep inside. He did not dare open the hatch, for fear of letting in the water, and he lay in this miserable position for minutes that seemed like whole dayflj until she turtled herself right again with the aid of his feet. It will be New York in a washing tub: next time. Mr. Faithfull Begg, M.P., who has paired for the rest of . the session and started for Western Australia on a gold mining mission, will meet his brother out there, the said brother being Mr. Walter Bentley, actor and close imitator of Sir Henry Irving, of whose Lyceum Company he was once a member. Mr. Bentley has g'ven the Australians nearly all Sir Henry's most famous impersonations. His Mathias in " The Bells" is a really wonderful reproduction of the Irving voice, gait, and characteristic mannerisms. Latterly Mr. Bentley has forsaken the* stage for the lecture Platform, a change which is understood to have worked well in the pecuniary sense. The last mail brings n,ews of his appointment as a professor of elocution at the School of Arts, Brisbane, the metropolis of Queensland. Here is a hint for actors at home. An occasional correspondent of the Debats tells a cutious story of the way the Chartered Company are said to have acquired the Maxim guns at present in use against the rebellious Matabele. He affirms that when it became certain that a French expedition would be undertaken against Madagascar, the late Hova Premier instructed Co'onel Shervinton to purchase a dozen Maxims and the necessary ammunition in England. This the colonel did, piying 132,000 francs for them. Ae" the French were blockading the coast of Madagascar at the time, the guns were sent to Durban, South Africa, and left there in charge of Mr. Prince, the United States Consul, until a favorable rpportunity for landing them in Madagascar -hould present itself. When the Hovas asked for the guns, however, Mr. Prince declined to forward them without payment of of 20,000 francs, cost of transit, but, as it was said, he had already received s sum of money for this purpose, the Hova Government refused to give any more. A dispute arose over the matter, and before it was settled the French landed and captured the island. Recently the French Con so' at Durban wag instructed to apply to Mr. Pr'nce for the guns, but was informed that they had been sold to the - Chartered Company, who had immediately sent th^m up to Biduwayo. Thereupon the French Government made a demand for the return of the 132,00G francs originally paid for the weapons, but Mr. Prince, wbo will not fay how much he sold them to the Chartered Company for, refuses to pay more than 33,000 francs, claiming that the balance is made up by a contra account he had against the Hova Government The French Government *i!l not accept this, and intend to go to law over the matter. A nother of President Kruger's sayings is just to hand. O im Paul, it is reported, at t' e ti ne Johannesburg was merely Perreira's raining camp, was one day riding over the. Witwatersrand in ordinary burgher attire. He off-saddled near a waggon outspanned and owned by a German. The Teuton did not recognise the President-, and held forth on the mapy things he would; do were he rnler of the. State. Suddenly Oom Paul, to the great astonishment of the German, who was a very small man, took off his coat, and, holding it out towards the stranger, said, " Put this on." " But," replied the latter, " it's too big." " Just so," replied his Honor, with a grim smile, " I'm Paul KTuger, and if you could fill my jacket you might do greater things." The Teuton collapsed. It was a foregone conclusion and inevitable that the sentences passed on Dr. Jameson and his brother offenders would be mitigated. They have powerful friends at Court in the Marquis of Lorae, the Duke of Fife, and other directors and large shareholders of the Cha'tered Company who would do their best to lighten and shorten the sentences, and it was done within 24: honrs. The Queen has been advised to direct that Dr. Jameson and his companions shall be treated as fi:st class misdemeanants. They will wear their own clothes, cat their own viands, drink their own wine, and enjoy their .own amusements. British Law Courts and British character bounded up in ti e estimation of foreign nations, as expressed in their newspapers, after th« verdict and the sentence. Now the thermometer will decline to its former level, if not lower. It will be said that the sentences were more in word than in deed,. more in appearance than in reaUty, and they were delivered to be immediately altered. The sentences being materially lightened, it may now be eonfideutly expected that they will soon be materially shortened. A recent return of the officials of the South African Republic bears strong witness to the truth of the assertion of certain critics, that the Transvaal is governed, not by the Boer?, but by the Hollanders or imported Dutchmen. Eighteen of the highest offices in the State are held by Hollanders, as -compared ; with seven filled by Afrikanders. The State Secretaiy, the State Attorney, the Chief of the Criminal Department, the Under Secretaries for Home Affairs and for Foreign Affairs, the head of the S ate Printing Office, the chiefs of the Tele graph and Postal Department, the Superintendent of Education, and several judges are. Hollanders, and they by no means exhaust the yearly lengthening list. Of course the main object in importing Hollanders is to endeavor to perpetuate the Dutch language as. the official tongue of the Transvaal, as the young Boers prefer to. speak; English It is. a positive fact |haVthe Doppers hate the Dutchmen from Holland wors than they do the Rooniyeka (Engli-h men). It is impossible not to feel consider able respect for Messrs. Davies and Sp.mp3rn, the two Reform prisoner? who are still in durance vile at Pretoria because they refused to join in the petition to President Krnger. " There is no reason that I am aware of," said Mr. Chamberlain, when questioned 'on the subject in the House of Commons recently, " why they should not have joined their fellow-prisoners, and-if they had done so, no doubt they would liaye been treated with equal clemency." That is true. There wa? no. reason— other than a dislike to beg for mercy and a determination to take the consequences of their actions Very " unreasonable " conduct on their part, no doubt ; but the kind of conduct which Englishmen respect, for all that. Mr. Davies is a West Australian. How these Cornstalks get about, to be sure. According to the Standard and Diggers' News, these two remaining Reform prisoners in the Pretoria Gaol cannot complain of their treatment. As a matter of fact, they speak highly of the manner in which they are treated. They occupy the quarters which were specially erected for the Reformers, and their room has a very tasteful appearance. The first thing on entering the room that strikes one's attention is a set of boxing-gloves, three or four pairs of dumb-bells, and some Indian clubs. They are thus in a position to partake of exercise as often as they please. Three rows of books help to beautify the quarters, while flowers are continually sent in by friends. The room is, comparatively speaking, well furnished, and they can have everything they pay for, except liquor, which is prohibited by the gaol regulations. They are well supplied with newspapers, few visitors call'ng without bringing something to read. At 8.30 p.m. they are locked in, but their lights are not put out. Their food is regularly supplied from outside, and every attention is .shown to them by the officials. The ex-Reform prisoners would be surprised to see the difference in the gaol at present when compared with the gaol of two months back. The change of gaolers has led to more cleanliness, and sereral improvements are contemplated. A story is told of a Coraish miner who had a year's lease on a claim up in "The Little Kirgdom" of Gilpin County, Colorado. He had s r ent eight months of the time in sinking a shaft to a considerable depth when, finding himself completely reduced in funds, and with no " pay rock" in sight, he was obliged to abandon the lease. Another miner took up the work, and after sinking the shaft only three feet deepr r, opened up a fine rich ore body. The Cornwall man,: on learning of his successor's good luck, scowled a deep purple. " Damme !" he said, " Ah'll never sink another shaft unless ah go three feet deeper!" Near the town of Creusot, in France, tV.ere is a bed which has alarmed the peasants we are told. The bed ia a common one, and belongs to a labourer. When his daughter, who is about fourteen years old, sleeps in it, the bed begins jumping, and continues until it moves a'l the way across the room Efforts to hold it have proved futile. The girl remains perfectly motionless, but the. bed jumps. When other people sleep in the bed it behaves in a decorous manner. Large crowds have visited the house, seen the bed, -and now several scientists are to make an investigation. The North Pole can hardly hope to maintain its privacy-mueh linger. The balloon expedition is now probably on its way, for when last heard of it was ready to start, and was only waiting for a favourable wind. Meantime, the British expedition under Sir W. Martin Conway has crossed Spitzbergen—for the first time in all history—as great a feat in its way as the crossing of Greenland by Nansen some years ago. The Jesffieson-Farnham expedition, which is in touch with the other two, reports progress and many difficulties overcome. It is a veritable race for the Pole, and Nan=en is still in it, if only as tbe dark horse. Other expeditions are prospecting in the same quarter, though not all of them have entered for the great prize. The Jackson- Harms worth is making inquiries as to fauna rnd flora in that elevated region, bnt its precise intentions in regard to the Pole are its own secret. . If he should happen to come acro s s the Pole in the course of these scientific wanderings, Mr. Jackson will not hesitate to discover it. Something must happen soon. Experience of the softer woods as paving material has led the vestry of Paddington (London)—notorious for its action on the cycle tax question—to adopt the hard Australian wood, not only because of its proved greater durability, but because, of its nonabsorbent nature. Eight miles of the streets of the parish are wood paved. There is great future for the Westralian jarrah if the matter is onl? properly worked up by the right people. The vestry authorities in England know but little of the splendid qualities of our native woods for pavement purposes, «nd I am confident if the W.A. Government sent a Teal-live man over here to push thiugB along great good would result to the timber-getting industry of Wostralia. c A parson says that women have more d serve than men, as a role. This, he c says, is especially the case when it comes to marrying. Some time since he was.cilled to marry a young couple in what nrght be called tbe aristocratic circle. The young ir.an was very much excited, but was trying to put on a bold face for the emergency. To show that he was not, frightened in the least, he concluded to ask the minister if it was customary to kiss the bride. After siutterihg for some time, he finally broke out ; 4 4 Is cussing kistomary Tbe minister kindly informed him that it was not, under the circumstances, and the young man was led to the altar like a lamb. 