m-f- pointed\pars. — — — i£. - — : — PwgJjabor ptirty.dpposed the vote to rakes' orplinns.,.. .. .', . For 30 yoors; .Partes rocoivcd do ayment 'for his'jpariitimcntary. ser Affleok frotntYassris-., still the Hbdre of the Assembly,-.- . Stmago that Hdue dullest members toro the . longest Hgn their feot. Hf Mr. Barton- .js still delivering lectures on federation, MivMoAfulan KfMids'tly ooneerns liimsclf ; wiiIi the itu-i Aietauco of good gayornmimL I II Bappiport and Baxter the Mel- Jgourno majtratentylib',' lost, their Hloir.tmsBion were disoliargcd on their Hfrial for conspiracy before a word' of evidence was taken. The only wit- Ricbscs ' against ' then) ele'oted udttb Bjfrjrivo evidence which- could bo .used Wtgamst themselves, et -h Bf Tho valuations under the land tax Bare to bo made, public so. tbat ovcry- Kbody will know. how!.. his., -neighbour agrtssed his holding. . Soraastartling, relations are anticipated,, ., , BE TlieelectivoiBegifilati.ve, Council of ' progressive IpgialnUoij .'.lnst ession, B®s.->5ren,'0r-i t»»lI.'jrcri(hpdiM'.. tlie Wnsttres and it tliey ' aro again re- Jeclcd ho will " sed Vvbnt' steps should no taken." Bet it"' bo remembered that nn cleotive chamber' is more ! powerful than' iv- nominee. -Upper cfijuse. By; reforming, the "Lore?," ffltey may be yvondeifully , strength-. Jetted. , ... Cliicf Justice Uiggicbotham con solidated tlioe-: statutes !;of Victoria ; without" fop orfiuancial reward. Tho , iinv, consouuni.ipn cnmmisson or "i.S.W. consisting of a score of' patriots have' pooketed fees to the tune of £4595'and Confess Hint tlie 'project has ' collapsed.'' What "<i .lamentable confessiou' and whnt n %nsto of public money. The trustees of -tlie National Art 1 Gallery has blundered liadly- by re fusing to accept as a- gift, or purchase . a clever portrait ...I ho late Sir John Itobertson. Sir Henry Parkes, Sir George Bibbs.. and others are ri:pre- ' seated in the Gallery why should the freoselcctors' friend bo excluded? ' Prisoners in, N.S.W. gaols nndcr ' sentenco of death will not be kept in l- irons in tho future. Thiis disappears another barbarous old relio of Botany Bay brutality; -By the way an effort t£S shortly to boimndo in the N.8.W. parliament to. abolish > capital punish- ' ment. ,c..-. It is bewildering that -Republican K Franco should'-have lost. its bond with- 'joy over tho corpnatipn.of .(bp Czar, \- ot Russia. Fancy .. a ..XppubUcan, " people glorifying tho .inost . absoliite, f uutocrat in Europe. f This rends iko "'a' p'ngp.. from, .the early history of tliiseoloriy. Telegrnn) Rftom Perth, (W. A.) "jA- batph, 6f 48 immigrant 'servant girls; who ar rived in the stehtiior Port-Phillip were nil engaged at- orice." . " ' Tho cable informs us that' Kliamb, tjhe great Beeliuhilala'nd bhief, Iiob (Plost 100,000 head: 'of cattle by the t rinderpest plague. "-.What with tho \- " tick " and the rinderpest up will go \- the price of- ment, and milk, and butter, and cheese...; - P Affleck, M.P. - avers that the land owners in a certain, district clubbed together to re.tuift„tIiQ. vnl.aQ .of their hind at 15c per acre and that a con siderable portion of ' snclr land is be ing leased at 6s and 12s per acre. Tho total value of the .butter ex ported from Victoria during the past sovpti years is £3146,474. The' cost " flB the government was £19,818.' / For emerging from tlie "Wesloyan ermetery, Adelaide, 'disguised as a ghost, a man named; Itu'dd was fined 10s and costs. - It isjiihe he gavo up Jho "ghost." | Mr. Affleck in ..tho House on the Parkes grant. " Members should head a subscription list.. I. am pro-- pared to put my hand in my pocket." Mr. Sleatli — ".And.ieep it there," 'If "The very 'nicest' people" opened thoir Hampden-Briving and Cycling Club, in the .Centennial-Bark under most nnrasingyu»umstfinces.,The latest development of. . colopipl nristooraoy, , " the nicest people," bad td. submit to Jt'tfio freo oritioism of . tlie" rascally plebion crowd vtfi'o'' congregated in their own nark. Tho democracy1 of Sydney will mnko things unpleasant for tho higli-toned olub. It. is calculated by the' Railway Commissioners that it "would "odst £556,000 to bring the' railway into , Hyde 'Park. It is proposed to only oxteiid 'the railway as far Park- street which b!seots: the Park. . Mr. Lyne'was too hasty in moving that the seat of Mr. Jessep ho referred to the Elections and Qualifications Committee. 'The point was that Mr. Jessap received fees from tho Crown \- ps a member of the Board of Exports. It transpired that Mr. Jessep refused to accopt (.pay sinco his elootion. Consequently Mr. Ly'ne lmd:. to back down! Melbourne, Wednesday. — A fatal ' fire occurred at North Molbourno Inst evening, the twin ohildren of Thomas Treniisr receiving injuries whioh i caused tboii'.deoth. The viotims were aged 1 year 3 'months. Tlio fire is attributed to the upsetting or ex plosion of a keroseno lamp." 