WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. < BY MISS BE ADD ON. CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) "Have you seen Lady Fareham of late years? ' "Ay, madam, she came here In her coach and six tho summer before the pestilence, with her two beautiful children, and a party of ladies and gentlemen. They rode here from his grace of Buckingham's new mansion by tho Thames — Clefden, I think, they call It — and they do say his graco do so lavish and squander money in tho building of it that belike ho will bo ruined and dead before his palace be finished. There wero threo coaches full, with servants and what not. And they brought wine, and capons ready dressed, and confectionery, and I helped to serve a collation for them in the garden. And after they had feasted merrily, with a vast quantity of sparkling French wine, they all rushed through tho houso liko madcaps, laughing and chattering — regular French magpies, for there was more of 'em French than English — her lady ship leading them, till she comes to the door of tills room, and finds it locked, and she begins to thump upon tho panels like a spoilt child, and calls. 'Reuben, Reuben, what is your mystery? Sure this must bo the ghost chamber. Open, open Instantly.' And I answered her quietly, " 'Tis the chamber where that sweet angel, your ladyship's mother, lay in state, and it has never been opened to strangers since she died.' And all in the midst of her mirth, the dear young lady burst out weeping, and cried, 'My sweet, sweet mother! I remember the last smile she gnvo me as it it was yesterday.' And then she dropped on her knees and crossed herself, and whispered a prayer, with her face close against tho door, and I knew that she was praying for her lady- mother, as the way of your religion is, madam, to pray for tho dead; and, sure, though it is a simple thing, it can do them no harm, and, to my thinking, when all the foolishness is taken out of religion, the warmth and the com- i fort seem to go too, for I know I never used to ; feel a bit more comfortable after a two hours' sermon when I was an Anabaptist." i "Are you not an Anabaptist now, Reuben?" "Lord forbid, madam. I have been a member ! of the Church of England ever since his Ma- 1 jesty's restoration brought the Vicar to his own again, and gave us back Christmas Day, and the organ, and the singing-boys." Angela's life at the Manor was so colorless that tho first blossoming of a familiar flower was an event to note and remember; life within convent would have been scarcely more tranquil or more monotonous. Sir John rodo with his hounds threo or four times a week, or was about the fields superintending the farming operations, walking beside the ploughman as ho drove his furrow, or watching the scattering of tho seed. Or he was in the narrow woodlands which still belonged to him, and Angela, taking her soli- turv walk at the close of the day, heard his axe ringing through the wintry air. It was peaceful, and should have been a plea sant life for father and for daughter. Angela told herself that God had been very good to her In providing this safe haven from tempestuous seas, this quiet little world, where the pulses or passion beat not: where existence was like a sleep, a gradual drifting away of days and weeks, marked only by tho changing note of birds, the deepening umber of tho birch, the purpling of beech buds and the starry celandine shining out of grassy bank3 that had so lately been obliterated under drifted snow. "I ought to bo happy," she said to herself, of a morning, when she rose from her knees, | and stood looking across the garden to the grassy hills beyond while tho beads of her rosary | slipped through her languid fingers — "I ought to bo happy." : , And then she turned from the sunny window i with a sigh, and went down the dark echoing staircase to tho breakfast parlor, where her own I little silver chocolate-pot looked ridiculously small ! beside Sir John's quart tankard, and where the j crisp golden rolls, baked in the French fashion by ! the maid from Chiiton, who had been taught by I Lord Fareham's chef, contrasted with the chine of beef and huge farmhouse loaf that accompanied tho knight's old October. I After all his Continental wanderings, Sir John i had come back to substantial English fare with i an unabated relish; and Angela had to sit down i day after day to a huge joint and an overloaded dish of poultry, and to re-assuro lior father when | he expressed uneasiness because she ate so little. "Women do not. want much food. sir. Martha's rolls and our honey and the conserves old Mar- ! jory -makes so well are better for me than tho : meat which suits your heartier appetite." "Faith, child, if I played no stouter a part at table than you do I should soon be fit to play living skeleton at Aylesbury Fair. And I dubltate as to > your diet — loaves and confectionery — suiting you ' better than a slice of chine or sirloin, for you have a palo cheek and a pensivo eye that smite ; me to tho heart. Indeed, I begin to question if I ; was kind to take you from all the pleasures of the town, to be mewed up hero with a rusty old soldier." "Indeed, sir, I could be happier nowhere than hero. I have had enough of London pleasures, and 1 was meditating upon returning to the eon- ; vent' when you came to put nn'end to all my per- plexities; and, sir, I think God sent you to mo when I most needed a father's love." Sho wont to him, and knelt by his chair, hiding her tearful eyes against the cushioned arm. But though he could not see her face, he heard tho break in her voice, and he bent down and lifted her drooping head to his breast, and kissed tho soft brown hair, and embraced her very tenderly. "Sweetheart, thou hast all a father's love, and it is happiness to me to have thee hero; but old as I am, and with so little cunning to read a maiden's heart, I can read clear enough to know thou art not happy. "Whisper, deareset. Is it a sweetheart who sighs for they favors far off, and will not beard this old lion in his don? My gentle ; Angela would make 110 ill choice. Fear not to trust me, my heart. I will love whom you love, favor whom you favor. I am no tyrant that my sweet daughter should grow pale with keeping secrets from me." " Dear father, you aro all goodness. No, there ! is no one — no one! I am happy with you. I have no one in tiie world but you, and, in a so much K lesser degree of lovo, my sister and her chil- dren — " , And Fareham. He should be to you as a bro- I tlier. Ho is of a black melancholic humor, and i not r man whom women love; but he has a heart ! of gold, and must rqgnrd you with grateful affoc- ; tlon for your goodness to him when he was sick, i Hyacinth Is never weary of expatiating upon your j devotion in that perilous time." ' "She is foolish to talk of services I would liavo : given as 'willingly to a sick beggar," Angela an- swered, Impatiently. Her faco was still hidden against her father's breast; but she lifted her head presently, and tho pale calmness of her countenance re-assured him. "Well, -it is uncommon strange," he said, "if one so fair has no sweetheart among all the sparks of Whitehall." "Lord Fareham hates Whitehall. We have only attended there at great festivals, when my sisters absence woidd have been a slight upon her Majesty and tho Duchess." "But my star, though seldom shining there, should have drawn some satellites to her orbit. 1 011 sec, dearest, I can catch the note of court flattery. Nay, I will press 110 questions. My girl shall choose her own partner; provided the man us honest and a loyal servant of the King, lior old father shall sot no stumbling-block In the high road to lior happiness. What right has ono who is almost a pauper to stipulate for a wealthy son-in-law?" CHAPTER XXIII.— PATIENT, NOT PASSION- i ATE. ; The quiet days went on, and the old Cavalier '; settled down into a tranquil happiness, which j comforted his daughter with the feeling of duty s prosperously fulfilled. To make this dear old ' man happy, to bo litis companion and friend, to share ill his rides and rambles, and of an evening to play the games ho loved, on tho old shovel- board 111 the hall, or an old-fasliloned game at i cards, or back-gammon, beside tho fire In the i panelled parlor, reconciled hdr to the melancholy -i of an existence from which hope had vanished I like a light extinguished. It seemed to ber as If she had dropped back Into tho old life with j her great aunt. Tho Manor House was jUBt a j little gayer than tho Flemish convent — for the Sj voices and footsteps of tho few Inhabitants bad -i a freer sound, which made tho few seem more populous than the many. And then there were ' the dogs. What a powerful factor In homo life t those four-footed friends were. Out of doors a | stone barn had been turned into a kennel for " five couple of foxhounds; indoors a couple of setters— seut by u friend oversea from Water 's ford— had Insinuated themselves Into the parlor, X where they established themselves as household favorites, to the damage of those higher here ditary qualities which fitted them for distinc- j tlon with tho guns. Iudeed. the old knight was too fond of his firoslde companions to care very J much If ho missed a bird liow and then because I Catuline was overfed or Caesar disobedient. ? They stood sentinel on each side his chair at ' dinner, like supporters to a coat-of-arms. An gela had her own particular favorite in a King 51 Charles spaniel. It was tho very dog which hud first greeted her in the silence of the plague- stricken house. She had chosen this one from ; tho canine troupe when her sister offered her tho gift of a dog at parting, though Hyacinth hail urged her to take something younger than .1 this, which was over live yoars old. "He will die just when you lovo him best," Bho said. "Nay 1 but such partings must come. I love J tills one because ho was with me in fear and "j Badness. Ho used to cling to me, and look up i i and lick my faco as It be wero tolling mo to 1 hope, when my brother seemed marked for death. " -i "Poor Fareham! Did you doslro every dog in tho house— and my spaniels are of tho samo i breed as the King's, and worth fifty pounds i apiece — you have a right to tako them. But, ' Indeed, I would rather you chose a younger dog — 1; and with a shorter nose; but, of course, if you like this one best " j Angela bold by her first choice, and Gany- mede was the companion of all her hours, walked and lived with ber, and slept on a satin cushion '! at tlio foot of her spacious four-post bed, and fretted and whined if sho left him shut In an empty room for half an hour; yet, with all his refinements, and his air of being as dainty u gentleman as any spark of quality, he had a gross passion for the kitchen; and after nibbling sweet cakes delicately out of his mistress's taper fingers, he would rush through a labyrinth of passages, and find his way to the hog-tub, there to wallow In slush and broken victuals, till he all but drowned himself In a flood of pot-liquor. It was hard to reconcile so much beauty and grace, such eloquent eyes and satin coat, with tastes and desires so vulgar; and Angela sighed over him when a scullion brought him to her, greasy and penitent, to crouch at her feet and deprecate her wrath with an abject tall. Oh, tranquil duteous life, how fair it might havo seemed, as spring advanced, and the garden smiled with the promise of summer, were It not for that aching sense of loss, tho some one missing, whose absence mado all things grey and cold. Yes, she knew now, fully realising as she had never done before, how long and how utterly her life had been Influenced by an affection which even to contemplate was mortal sin. Yet to extinguish memory was not within her power. She looked back and remembered how Fareham's protecting love _liad enfolded her with its gentle warmth, in those happy days at Chilton; how all she knew of books and of ethics and philosophy, had been learnt from him. She recalled his evident delight In opening tho rich treasures of a mind which he had never ceased to cultivate, even amidst the vicissitudes of a soldier's life. In making her familiar with the writers he loved, and teaching her to estimate, and to discuss them. And In all their talk together he had been for the most part careful to avoid disparagement of the reli gion in which she believed — so that It was only some chance revelation of the infidel's narrow outlook that reminded her of his unbelief. There 13 a passage In Cowley's "Complaint," which often recurred to her amidst her thoughts of Fareham — "When my new mind had no Infusion known, Thou gav'st so deep a tincture of thine own, That ever since I vainly try To wash away th' Inherent dye. Sho remembered their rides together In the misty autumn air, and his tender carefulness, in any possibility of danger; how once when she was riding one of his hunters, and a laborer jumping up suddenly from a bank by the roadside, had startled the animal, and made him rear higher than ever horse had reared with her before, Fareham's face had whitened with a greater fear than hers, novice in horse manship though she was. Yes, his love had been round lier like an at mosphere, and she had been exquisitely happy while that unquestioning affection was hers. On her part there had been neither doubt nor fear. It seemed the most natural thing in the world that he should be fond of her and she of him. Affinity had made them brother and sister; and then they had been together In sickness and in peril of death. It might be true, as he himself had affirmed, that her so happy arrival had saved his life; since just those hours between the departure of bis attendants and the physician s evening visit may liave been the crisis of his disease. He was not handsome. He had per haps little charm of manner as compared with the modern school in which the subtleties of the Italian courtier were enlivened by tho airy graces of the Parisian. But bow far more moving than those flowery compliments and empty gallantries offered to her in London had been one kind look from under those dark brooding brows, or the flash of a sudden smile Illuminating a counten ance habitually severe. Well, it was past— the exquisite bliss, the un conscious sin, the confidence, the danger. All had vanished into tho grave of irrecoverable days. She had hoard nothing from Denzil since she left London, nor had she acknowledged Ills letter. Her silence had doubtless angered him, and all was at an end between them, and this was what she wished. Hyacinth and her children were at Chilton, whence came letters of complaining against the dulness of tho country, where his lordshinp hunted four times a week, and spent all the rest of his time in Ills library, appearing only "at our stupid heavy meals; and that not always, since on his hunting days he is far afield when I havo to sit down to tho intolerable two o'clock dinner, and make a pretence of eating-— as If anybody with more intellectuals than a sheep could dine; or as if appetite came by staring at green fields! You remember how in London supper was the only meal I ever cared for. There is some graco in a repast that comes after conversation anil music, or the theatre, or a round of visits— a table dazzling with lights, and men and women ready to amuse, and be amused. But to sit down in broad daylight, when one has scarce swallowed one's morning chocolate, and face a sweltering sirloin, or open a smoking voal pie! Indeed, dearest, our whole method of feed ing smacks of a vulgar brutlshness, more appro priate to a company of Topinambous than par sons of quality. Why, 0I1, why must these reek ing hecatombs load our tables; when they might as easily be kept out of sight upon a buffet? The spectacle of huge mountains of meat, the steam and odor of rank boiled and roast under one's very nostrils, change appetite to nausea, and would Induce a delicate person to rise In dis gust and fly from the dining-room. Mais je ne fais que divagner; and almost target what it was I was so earnest to tell thee when I began my letter." "Sir Denzil Warner bas been over here, his os tensible motive a civil Inquiry after my health; but I could see that his actual purpose was to hear of you. I told him how happily your simple soul has accommodated Itself lo an almost con ventual seclusion, and a very inferior style of living — whereupon ho smiled his rapture, and praised you to the skies, 'Would that she could accommodate herself to my house as easily,' he said; 'she should have every indulgence that an adoring husband could yield her.' And then he said niuoh more, but as lovers always sing the sume repetitive song, and have no more strings to their lyro than the ancients had before Arion, I confess to not listening over carefully, and will leave you to Imagine tho eloquence of a manly and honorable love. Ah, sweetheart! you do wrong to reject him. Thou hast a quiet soothing prottiness of thine own, but art no blazing star of beauty, liko the Stewart, to bring a ktag to thy feet — he would have married her if poor Catherine had not disappointed him by her recovery, and to tako a duke as pis aller. Believe me, love, it were wise of you to become Lady Warner, with a flue unmortgaged estate, and a husband who, in these Republican times, may rise to distinction. Ho Is your only earnest admirer; and a love so steadfast, backed by a fortune so respectable, should not be discarded lightly." Over all these latter passages in lier sister's lotter Angela's eyes ran with a soornful careless ness. Her womanly pride revolted at such petty schooling — that she should be bidden to accept this young man gratefully because he was her only suitor. No one else had ever cared for her pale insignificance. She looked at her clouded Image In the oblong glass that hung on the panel .above ber secretaire, and whose reflections made any idea of her own looks rather speculative than precise. It showed her a thoughtful face, too pale for beauty; yet she could but note the harmony of lines which recalled the Venetian typo familiar to her eye In the Titlans and Tlntorets at Fareham Houso. "I doubt I am good-looking enough for any ono to be satisfied with the outward semblaneo who valued the soul within," she thought, as she turned from the glass with a mournful sigh. It was not of Denzil she was thinking, but of that other, who in slow contemplative days in tho library where he had taught her what books she ought to love, and where sho might never more enter, must naturally sometimes remember her, and east one backward thought to the hours they hail epeut together. Hyacinth's letter of matronly counsel was but a week old when Sir John surprised his daughter one morning, as tbey sat at table, by the an nouncement of n visitor to stay In the house. "You will order tho west room to be got ready, Angola, and bid Marjory Cook serve us some of her savoriest dishes while Sir Denzil stays here." "Sir -Denzil!" "Yes, ma mlo, Sir Denzil I Ventregrls, the girl stares as If I had said Sir Bovls of South ampton, or Sir Guy of "Warwick. I knew this young gentleman's father before the troubles — an honest man, though ho took the wrong side. He paid for his perversity with his life; so we'll say requiescat. Tho young man Is a fine young man, whom I would fain havo something nearer to mo than ho is. So at a hint from your sister I havo asked him to bring his fishing tackle and whip our streams tar a May trout or two. Ho may catch a finer fish than trout perhaps while he is a-flsbing, if you will be his guide through the meadows." "Father, how could you " "Ah, you'ro a sly one, fair mistress. Who was it told me there was no one? 'No one, dear father, and indeed, sir, I was thinking of the con vent when you came to London,' while here was as handsome a spark as one would meet In a day's march, sighing and dying for you." "Father, I do protest to you " she began, with a pale distressed look that vouched for her earnestness, hut the knight had his face in the tankard, and set it down, only to pursue his own train of thought. "If it had not beon for that little bird at Chil ton you might havo hoodwinked mo as blind as ever gerfalcon was hooded. Well, the young man will be here beforo evening. I would not foreo your Inclinations, but It Is tho dearest desire of my heart to see yon happily married beforo. I die. And a man of honor, handsome and of handsomest fortune, Is not to bo slighted." Angela's spirit rose against this recurrence of her sister's sermon. "If Sir Donzil Is coming to this houso as my suitor, I will go to Louvaln without an hour's delay that I can help," she said, resolutely. "Why, what a vixen! Nay, dearest, there Is no need for that angry flush. Tho young man Is too ccurteous to plague you with unwelcome civi lities. I saw him In London at the tennis court, and was friendly to him for his father's memory, knowing nothing of his desire to be my son-in-law. Ho is a fine player at that royal game, and a fine man. Ho comes hero this ovenlng as my friend, and If you please to treat htm disdainfully, I can not help it. But, Indeed, I wonder as much as your sister why you should not reciprocate this gentleman's lovo." "When you were young, father, did you love tho first comer; only because sho was handsome and civil?" (To be continued.) 