& 'FATAL IraidNT P^BT II CHAPTER XVlll—(Oo-dmHcd.) Sho releases herself, nnd hastons uficic to the ball-room. S'oar the entrance sho meets j Eric on his way for ioos and orangeado, and in her face ho reads tho truth. 'Lo ! tho conquering licro couics !' and Miss Forrester's eyes light up their lamps, „,wl Afloa (liner nut the flat/ of woleome. I hnd abont givon up the hero of tho night as a laggard in love ; but better late than novor.' Half an hour passes, and tlion into their midst, so quietly that but fow find it out for tho first hour, tho ' hero of tho night' enters. ; IIo makes his way to Lady Dynely's side, a,nd sho, who hns met him daily but seven short weeks before, greets him as though sho had never looked ujfon hiiti since fliat August night by tho lake. ' It is like a fairy talo,' sho says. ' I can not realize it. I thought you dead, in spite of all of Prance's hopes, in spite of tho yearly gifts to your mother. And to think that we liavo you with us once more. But you aro greatly, wonderfully changed.' 'Well yes,' Caryll answors j 'a dozen years' campaigning is apt to change a man. Still, I think you half recognised me that day at tho Academy,' 'You see, I could not realise it,' her lady ship says, leaning on his arm, and making her way slowly through the rooms, 'Tho voico was tlio samo, and tho oyes : but I had mado up my mind so entirely nevor to look upon you more, that I wouldn't admit tho likoness. Still, it drew mo to you, It was for tho sako of that likeness I wished you so much to accompany us here.' 'I camo to my destiny,' he laughed. ' But for that journey, Prance and I ,would nevor havo arrived at an understanding, and I should have gone down to my gravo ' Gordon Locksloy.' ' ' Franco will mako you a charming wife, Gordon. I congratulato you with all my hoart. Aftor all, you havo not dono so badly with your lifo. You havo won a name for yourself with your sword and with your bruBli, and you havo won Prance Porrestor's whole ? lioart — such a groat, generous, loyal neart. l liacl thought to see lior Eric s wife ; but you know how that has ended.' [ ' Happily for me— yes ; happily for liim, I trust, also. Is that littlo green-and-whito fairy on bis arm, with tlio applo-blossom face, tbo brido-olect P What a model for Undino ! Prosont mo, Luoia, will you?' Mr. Caryll is prosented, and bogins .tlio. business of tho night by dancing with tho brido-eleot. As Franco lias laughingly pio dioted, pooplo stare, in a well-brod way, until oven curiosity is satiatod. Tho lieroj and heroine of tho oyoning, moandoring thi'ougli tho lancors, aro tlio observed of all observers. Prance dancos, too, with hor lovor, with Erie, with Terry, whom sho rescues from an oldorly young lady, with unpleasantly prominent shouldor blades, and unpleasantly prominent ruggod oliooks. With the Prince di Ventu rini last of all before support As this danoo onds, Mi1. Oaryll advancos to claim his ! pro porty, and tho Noopolitan prince ronowp, his acquaintance and presents his congratulations. ' Madame Felicia has boon deploring hor loss in your gain, monsieur,' tho princo says ; 'sho foars now sho will novor rooeivo what you promised hor — tho companion picturo to ' How tho Night Poll.' ' ? 'Did I promise lierp' says. Oaryll, care lessly. Thon lot madamo bo at rost. If it affords lior any pleasuro sho shall havo tho companion picturo. What shall wo call it P 1 How tlio M.orning Brolco P' ' Ho looks at Franco with a smile that says tho dawn lias oomo with hor 'A charming title,' cries di Venturini. ' May I ask has monsieur ovor soon Madamo Folioia P' ' Novor,' ' Oaryll responds. ' Sho was play ing in London last season, I am awaro, and I naturally hoard a groat deal about lior, but I novor had curiosity onougli to go and soo hor. I was vory busy, and Iliad long lost my voUbU for thoatro-going.' , , . His faoo oloudsa littlo. DiVonturini looks at him with small, koon, glittoring .oyos, , 'Pardon, monsieur, but I inforrod fnfcn what I havo heard Madamo Polioia say, that sho cortainly know you.' ' Impossible, prinoo. To. my knowlodgo sho novor mot mo in hor lifo.' 'All I my mistuko tlion, of oourso. ? Sho will bo oharmod to loarn that sho is to liavo tho companion pioturo,' Ho bows himsolf oil, and Franco and Oaryll go to suppor together. That pIop,aanh banquot is prolonged. Whon it is ovor, a littlo knot of Miss Forrostor's admirors pross around aud plead with hor to sing, Sho yiolds, and is lodto tho piano, still on Gordon Oaryll's rrm, , Sing ' Ay Ohiquita,' ' somo orio says. ! . , , Sho. points to, a pilo ofu musio,' and- Mi*. Oaryll tossos it ovor to find tho song! . |Ho plaocs iji upoj; tlio piano,, and Franco's Slim fingors float ovor tho dcoys in tondor proludo. Ho is roplaoing tlio Jooso Blioots as ho found thom,,wtipii all , at onoo .ho' stops still — stops with ono of tho plaoos in his hand arid staros at it as, though it woro a ghost. [. Ho ia fja'/.ing at tho outer pago, not at tlio , music, with a faoo from 'whioh ovory traoo of colour slowly fades out. Tho song bogins — Misfl Forrostor's swoot, vibrating voioo fills tho room. Ho novor boars, ho novor hoods. Evory fooling of sight, and sonso, and hoaring, soornB conaontratocf in that flxod rapt, gavo on what ho holds. It is a waltz, ' Tho Follola Waltz,' oom posod by Prinoo di Vonturlni, and dedioatod to Mauamo Folioia. Jlolaw tho titlo is a oolonved vignotto of madamo horsolf, loaning smilingly forward— on hudu, It is a beautiful faoo— ovon this highly- oolourod lithograph cannot mako it othorwiso — aud oyos and lips flash back thoir brilliant smilo on all beholders. So long ho stands thero holding it, that tho ,Nong duds, Thoro is a murmur of ploasuro .thanks from tho group' about tho piano, but tho singer turiis ft*om all for a smilo of praiso from him, .Ills faoo is averted, ho is bonding ovor a plooo of muslo, and does not speak a AV01*U( ' What is it you liavo thoro, Gordon P'( sho holds you ho onolmlnod P'h Moiislour honors my poor composition Y, HI oloscBt attontlon,' says tho voioo of ell Yontuvlnli ' ov is it madamo's fair faoo that holds Jilm spell-bound P' Their words, arouso him, Ho lays down tlio shoot and turns away, but his faoo still ,.Pa i , Httii'tlod pallor undor its bcon/.o, A nilr ljioo Indeed, prinoo, and ono I liavo Huvoly soon bul'oro, though thonfuno Is now to mo, In A.niorloa, cir Ouniida probably — ? mudtuno has buou thoro P' Ho listens for tbo reply with an intensity of eagerness his outer quietude does not betray, Princo di Venturini looks at bim with quick suspicious eyes. ' But, no, monsieur — madamo Polioia has never crossed the Atlantic in her lifo.' ' You aro sui'e, princo P' ' I am vory sure, monsieur. I havo it from madamo's own lips. Sho detests everything transatlantic.' ' I have been mistaken then,' Oaryll says, calmly ; ' I really thought . I had seen that pictured faoo before. It is merely ono |of those chanco resemblances we meet sometimes. I onco knew a person .who looked very liko that,' Ho offers his arm to Franco and loads hor away. No moro is said on tho subject, but through all tlio- hours that follow tho palo gravity never quite leavos his face. And once, when all are dancing' and tho music-x'oom is entirely deserted, ho goes back, tears oif tho pago that has tho pictured face of Madamo Felicia, and conceals it .quietly in ono of his poclcots for further inspection. Tho oliill Octobor morning is gray in tho oast-'whon tho last carriage rolls away from the great gates of Dynoly Abbey, and tho spent household betake themselves to their rest. But for fully an hour after Gordon Caryll sits in his room, that pioturo Bpread out before him, gazing steadfastly down at tho gaudily coloured portrait of tho Proncli actress as though it held him by some sorceress' spell. ' Her eyes, her smile, hor evory feature,' ho says, undor his breath. ' Oan thoro bo two women . on this earth so much alike P Years older, but the samo. Had she a sister, or — has tho gravo givon up. its dead P Has she come back from hadeS itself to tor ment mo P' CHAPTER XIX. HOW T1IB OLD YEAR ENDED. It is the night of tho 31st of Decomber, and tbo vicarago of Starling is bright with lights, gay with people, merry with music, and festivo with feasting. Tho ovo of tho old year is going merrily out in ' babblo and revel and wine.' And to-morrow is pretty Crystal's wedding-day. They are all down — Lord Dynoly, his mother, Prance, Terry. Thoy have been here two days now, and to-night a scoro of guests, int'mato friends all, crowd tho quaint, low- ceilinged, comfortable old vicar n.tro +,n rnnlntion. to welcome in ritrht merrilv the blithe now year. Gordon Oai'yll is not here. Ho is tho only absonteo of tho family. Ho is back with his mother, under the genial Roman sky. Sho is not able to travel, not able to bear the rigor of an English winter, and sho grows moro and moro exacting in her old ago, and cannot boar her restored idol out of lior sight. So ho is with hor, greatly to Miss Forrester's regret. , Sho and Lady Dynoly have just returned from Italy for this wedding ;? they go back for tlio winter when it is over. The first week in May she and' Gordon are to bo married, and after their bridal tour settlo j down at Oaryllvnne. Already tho workmen I are busy there, beautifying and putting it in1 order. Eric and his wifo will take up thoir abode at tho Abbey, his mother going to her jointure house, Dynoly Hall. That is the programme. Tho ? vioarago rooms are full — tho gaioty is at its- height. A sot of ' Sixteen Lancors' are pounding away over tho drawing-room oarpot, to tlio piping of the oldest Miss Higgins, who adorns tho piano stool. Thoy will support naturo prosontly on lomonado and negus, Erio loads off tho rovellors, look ing happy and handsomo, and in tho wildest of wild high spirits. It is a difficult thing to be lieve, but on this ovo of his wodding, ho is as dooply in lovo as he waB tho day of tho meinorablo picnio. It may possibly nqt last —but it is intoxioatingly dolioious while it does last, and littlo Crystal is ready enough to tako tho glittor _ for purest gold. For Crystal — woll, sho iB at lior brightest and fairost, too, to- niglit. Thoro aro hot rod roses iu hor cheeks, a streaming light in hor bluo oyos, her sweet, foolish littlo laugh rings out in hor joyous excitement. Evon now,' on tho ovo of hor wodding, bIio oan hardly realize lior own bliss. Surely it is tho most wondorful freak of fortuno that gives this darling of the* gods to bo hor vory own to-morroW morning at olovon o'olook. It is olovon at night now — twolvo moro hours, and onrth and all its powers will novor bo ablo to soparato hor from him moro. Sho lifts lior littlo poaoli-bloom faoo to hor partner, and talks and laughs. As a rulo, slio liaB but littlo to say,, but sho oan always talk to Torry, but, novor half so gaily as to-night, Terry is hor partner,, and, whatever ho may fool, no ono outwardly is happier thoro. Miss Porrostor is not dancing, Sho is flitting rostlosBly about, lioro and tlioro and ovory whoro. Tho rooms aro garlanded with holly, and ivy, and mistlotoo j glorious flroB aro burning, and in tho dining-room a long tablo is sot out, to whioh tho gay company will sit down, prosontly, to toast tho Now Year in,, No room is vacant; sontimontal oouplos sitispooning in Bpoonoy iittlo nooks, go whoro you.iwill.,,; Tho vioat'. and Lady Dynoly, a portly dowivgor and Sir John Shopporton, tho noarest magnate, sit at ?whist. So tho mo ments fly. 1 ; Presently, Franco, stoals away, and, leaving tho hot, bright rooms, goos out into tho porch. It is a dazzling winter night! tho oarth lios all white, ani sparkling, and frozon, undor tho glittering. Htarsj tho loafloss troos stand motto uIobb, thoir black branches Bharply traood against tho stool-bluo sky. Far off tho villago bells aro ringing— boll's that ring out tho dying yoar. Ono hour moro, aud tho now yoar will liavo dawned. It has boon a vory happy year to tho girl who standB tlioro in hor wluto dross and povfumy rosos, and tho now yoar is destined to bo liappior still, Hor hoart is full of a groat, unspokon thanlcfulnoss, and aBoonds to tlio Givor of all good gifts, in oloquont, wordless prayor. Presently, tho dancing onds, and, flushod and warm, tho danoors disperse thomsolvos about, oatlng iocs and drinking lomonado, Torry loads Crystal to a oool nook, and Mrlo, his fair faoo flushod, joins thom, and flings himsolf on a sofa by liiii brldo'ti sido, 'Lond mo your fan, Crystal,' ho says, ' Look upon mo and behold an utterly ex hausted, fin utterly used-up man. Did you soo my partnor— did you soo that stallfod yoi,tng woman who has boon victimising mo for tlio past half-hour P It was tho most flagrant oaso of cruelty to animals to iibIc that girl to danoo, I saw lior eying, yon Donnison — ?thoro's your ohuuuo. old follow, to talco' fortuno at Its Hood, Sho's two hundred and llfty avoirdupois, and she lias Hovon thousand a year, ho I am told, ait lior fortuno, Go In and win, Torry j you'll nevor havo suoh another oluinoo.' Tho young lady alluded to had sunk into a capacious arm-chair at tho other end of tho room, her face erimson, her fleshy chest heav ing, hor fan waving aftor her late exertions. ' You see her,' snys Eric, ' tho sylph jn green silk and pink roses, quivering liko a wholo cascade of port wino jelly.' ' Yes,' answers Terry, looking at tho shape less florid mass of adiposo good-nature, with sleepy, half-closed eyosj 'only, you seo, it re quires courage to marry so much, and I don't sot up for a hero. How sho does palpitate — reminds ono of tlio words of tho poet r ' A lovely boing scareoly formed or moulded — a ? ' Prance, what's tho rest P' ' 1 A peony with its reddest loaves yot folded,' ' supplements Franco, gravely. 'Torry, what will you do through lifo without mo by your sido to tell you what you mean P I am sent hero to order you gentlemen to tako somobody down to suppor. I suppose you're booked, Eric, for tho green, silk young lady ' 'Not if I know it,' Eric answors, drawing Crystal's hand within his arm. ' A life-time of bliss, such as I look forward to, would hardly componsato for another hour liko tho last.' y 'Then you tako lior, Terry,' commands Franco, and Torry obeys, as usual, while Sir John offers .liis arm to Miss Forroster, and Lady Dynoly takes tlio placo of honor by tho vicar's sido. (To bo contimtcd.) 