FROZEN PACTS. Nova Scotia and British Columbia funds!} most of the Canadian coal. Madam Albaxi began learning musta when she was only four years old. It is a remarkable fact' that the deepeBt parts of tho sea aro in all cases very near the It has been computed that one of every eighteen inhabitants of Germany is a sol* The Japanese beliove in’ ghosts,’and pio 'dorically represent thenras pale- faced women with hair hanging over their eyes.. Burrocks have no foreboding or fear of death. They will witness their companions being killed^ and yet go on placidly eating and drinking. Greenwich records show.that for 14 years there has been-an average of but 20 hours of sunshine in London iu December. Ix China a man may wear the same gar ments for a lifetime without being out of style, so little does tho fashion change. Iris reported that sinco the Czar an nounced his intention of maintaining auto-; cratic rule in Russia he has been the recipient of numerous Nihilist threats and manifes toes. *■ IxChina the “juming” or “milk name” 1 is changed upon tho child starting .to school. , and again upon marriage, or in the event of selecting a trade or occupation. Statistics of life insurance show that in the last 25 years the average of man’s life has’ increased 5 per cent., or two whole years, from 41-9 to 43'9.‘; \- — About two hundredweight of water from St.,"Winifred’s Well at Holywell is, it is ., understood, posted every night in sealed cans | to all parts of the country, America, and the: colonies. . - lx Brussels during-the winter the sculptors ; often make statues out of snow. These are exhibited in the public parks, and the pro , cecds from tho tickets are given to tho ^ The temperature of the planet Neptune is ’ beleived to be about -900 degrees below the [ zero of Fahrenheit, while that of Mercury is much too high to 'admit of a possibility of air-breathing animals inhabiting it. Medical opinion, apropos the rage for cycl ing amongst women, declares that .the exer cise is peculiarly harmful for young girls, nudthatit is a fruitful source of consumption and heart complaint. The cost of the Marseilles and.Rhone Canal.it cstimatedpt 90,000,000 francs, half of which is. to be provided by the State and half by the city and the Department. It will bo 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long.' , America is certainly the land of promise for women. Miss Elizabeth Fleming has been appointed crier of the United States District Court atPortland, whilst in Kentucky a Miss Tompkins lias been appointed Assistant Mar shall of the United States Supreme Court. Tiie Brazilian soldier at the present day l extremely well paid compared with European soldiers. A private soldier’s monthly pay. is £1 ISs., with Government rations, or £3 10s. if he finds his own rations, white a second lieutenant is paid £15 Ills.'a mouth, and £5 extra when actually in the field. It is a strange fact that while the teeth' of the nogro on the old plantations were remark able for their whiteness, those of tlio freed: negro of tho present day are in an infinitely, worse condition than those of his white brother. This is owing entirely to tho change of diet and the coloured man’s weakness.for/. iiS-’lfel tJllWIl'Hg1 li.llwuhndSfpbh-l.fUfe skin, and if there is roughness it should be used in preference to soup, especially where.. there is any tendency to skin disease. Soap irritates, whilst oatmeal and bran have a healiiig effect, and also allay the intense itch •Sir Robert R awrixso.n’ has never forgotten that in early life he was a stonemason. On one occasion, while passing through Chorley with a friend, he pointed to a step and said, “ That step is well set, don’t you think?” “ How should I know?” retorted his com panion—a well-known lawyer, by the way. “ Ido,” was Sir Robert’s rejoinder, “because I sot it myself.” The Japanese infantry is said to be snp \- plied with shirts and drawers of paper, of i :ourse not such as commonly used in Europe, ' hut a yellowish paper of such tenacity as to bearmaking button-holes in it tho same.as in i linen. The various parts of the garments aro ! partly stuck together and partly sewn by i machine or hand, and provided with porcelain, i buttons. : The Chinese arc regarded by some travel- ,; j . lers among them as the politest people on J;,.: earth. For instance, in addressing a perfect ’ . t stronger, a Chinaman commences his letter, ■ (:' ■ “My eldest brother.” The letter contains Me c such a phrasa as “ May all the blessings of . ; life he showered upon you, such is the wish. v: ; of your imbeoile junior.” In speaking of his , i own family, the writer says, “Wo ants.”" 3 The address on the top of the letter reads, , ;} 3 “From my humble cabin to the glorious I Palace of Pearls for my elder brother,” and } . - .ii: 1 the preamble is, “ To my excellent and bone- ; i volent brother who ascends the staiwase ol ^ ‘ Ijonotw.’ - ?’ .0 