A TONGUE OF PROPHECY. There are only eight members of the Comet Cycling Club, but they were out in full force on that delicious May Sun- Hay for the run down to South shore, find milling up, just before 110011, at Sandy Cove for a sandwich, a pipe and a rest, they took possession of the piaz za of one of the yet unopened cottages oil the beach. The day was fit for the gods, the skies blue, the sea as smiling as if it were piidsummer, and the sunlight on the pails of a large schooner standing stead ily across llie bay on a long track, the gentle washing of the water among the rocks on the shore, the light wind cool ing and grateful as it blew over heated Prows, were all influences which com bined with the fragrance of good Perri- que moved one to introspection and lheuee to contidcnce. The little group fell gradually iuto a Piieuee that among so many women would have been as omiuous as the hush preceding a thunder-storm. Ilere it meant, first, a profound animal con tent, and following on the lieels of that a long look into the future, after the manner of (heir kind, for the medita tive man thinks about what is to come as instinctively as the meditative wo man of what is past. Hick Whitney was the first to speak. Jleuioving his meerschaum from, his (mouth—it was a splendidly colored lion's head — and gazing fojidly at its ' tawny richness, he said: "Our days are numlxjred,' hoys. Wo Shall have few more times like this.' " Why not?" demanded Morris, from Ills percli on the piazza rail. 'Because summer's coming." "What of that?" rose the chorus. They wefo all listening now. "Girls!" said the sage darkly and sen- tentiouslv, and forthwith a gloom set tled 011 those happy souls— no, not 011 all. for little Eouis, In the corner, who had been softly whistling "The Sunshine of Paradise Alley" under hisbreath, turned Bcarlet through his tan as if detected in a treacherous thought, and wondered if anybody noticed tiie tingle of pleasure that pervaded him at the mere mention Of such delightful possibilities. Louis was nearly 18, and wax in the Lands of anything femiulne. for at that age. as some astute French philosopher —Balzac, Isn't It?— observes "on n'aime pas une femmc mais le sexe," but H e others were hardeued veterans, primed with the Hitter wisdom of experience, and Dick, the Nestor of the club, at bO had made for himself quite a neat repu tation as a cynic. Bracing himself with a whiff of his pipe, and blowing out (lie smoke in deli cate rings, he pursued his remarks: "Last season was the first for years when a man had the ghost of a chance to escape from their clutches. They Couldn't all ride wheels. But this sum mer they've got them. Lord bless you; J"es, to a petticoat, and I can hear their assurance rising up over the laud ; Whither thou goest, I will go.' " "It's leap year, too," said a still, small voice, tinged with despondency. "Eel-! lows, you won't believe it, hut I have I had three proposals already since Jauu- , ary and — " a great hurst of laughter iu- j terrupled the speaker, who paused and Blared pensively at his golf stockings, imported at untold expense and -chas- | tely designed in the blue and green Sunderland plaid. A11 Adonis of middle class society, finely proportioned as a 1 Greek athlete, and further endowed with close-cropped chestnut curls and fileepy eyes, he felt it would he unreason able to expect even a new woman to contemplate such charms unmoved and put up good naturedly with ordinary adoration. These later aggressive at tentions had been too much. Why was 1 itliis amusement at the turning of the Worm? "What's the joke?" he asked, sulking. "Vou don't mean that," c-ried Louis in credulously. " It's gospel truth. Why, what if I told you that M . well I can't men tion any names, but if I only hinted at a girl who has as good as asked me to j ttnarry her within a month, nobody would believe me, and one of you would knock me down — if he could." "The beginning of the end." A solemn note crept into Dick's tone. 'Reg gie is right— there's 110 joke about it. This is the sort of thing in store for every man-jack of us unless we make a determined stand. I tell you, I shall a presentiment that one and all of us will he wooed and wed this summer if we don't, take measures for self -defence at once. Laugh away. It's true." "Cassandra iu knickerbockers," smil ed Morris, whose remarks sometimes had a surprising classical flavor. Dick growled. "What is the better part of valor?" said be. " Discretion !" resixmded the literary member, briskly, a youth who had wou that proud distinction by reporting ball games aud yacht races, and now felt all the mental elaliou of a witty repartee. "Exactly," agreed Dick, "and where a woman is concerned one can't he too valorous or too discreet. The question is, arc we ready to he sealed in the bonds of matrimony or are we not?" "We are not!" The reply was unani mous, coming from the much-proposed- to loudest of all ; from little Louis half heartedly. "The noes have it," and Dick rose to his feet, a gallant figure iu his home spuns. A melancholy brown moustache effectively hid whatever expression might steal into the lower part of his face, and his eyes were by turns sharp, quizzical and kindly as they lingered now ou this lad. now 011 that, always re turning lovingly to the meerschaum, which lie often declared was the only Ihiug that stood by hint faithfully 111 life. He held it in his baud, and his fin gers closed ujion it with sudden energy, as leaning against: a P'>st he suddenly took up the tlienie again in a convinc ing, lazy drawl. " I am 110 orator a.s Brutus is. hut, Ixiys. I know what. 1 am talking about. They're a poor lot— girls— aud they're after us like a pack of bounds. As Reggie there says, it's leap year, and mighty preparations are maUiug. Silks and muslins, and fiummadiddlcs, we are proof against those, for we know them of old, but this now woman who rides after us 011 a bicycle and takes the court ing iuto lier own hands, I tell you I am afraid of her. It seems to me there is just one safe course to pursue." The others waited. Not quite sure how much of this was chat!' and how much earnest, Reggie, pitching the end of his last cigar out ou the sand, and stretching his mighty frame preparatory to blowiug up his tires. " We must, fly from the enemy— re treat as she advances, that is not manly, but it is discreet. If we don't want to be caught we must keep out of reach of the Dollys aud Doras, or. hang it all, they will have us. What do you say? Half- iaugbing, lie badgered and ^in tern! and persuaded, till more in jest than in earnest, the Comet Cycling Club found itself actually engaging to re nounce for the summer what; the great lexicographer calls " the endearing ele gance of female friendship," and not to risk willingly the temptation of moonlit uights on mountain or sea, picnics, straw rides, te1e-a-te1es. wheeling par ties or any of the lures the sirens com monly practice. Poor Louis, indeed, felt dismal fore bodings that the sacrifice would lie more than lie could make, seeing himself in no distant future a perjirel villain, be cause being still in that sweet, foolish youth which dreads nothing so much as being thought young "ifs" and "huts" stuck in his throat, aud would not he uttered. Iu a timid protest he ventured to murmur : "Would it not he more Christian to love our enemies?" and the hubbub of his discomfiture broke up the meeting with most admired disorder. They pinked up themselves and their wheels, making ready for the spin back to town, casting last glances at the beautiful prospect spread out before them. At the left of the little cove a thickly- wooded point ran out into the bay, the roofs of several large and pretentious mansions, showing among the trees here and there, and paths emerged from the aristocratic quarter upon the beach, where rows of well-kept bath houses suggested that the grandees condescen- ( ded to take an occasional dip in the surf. It was so early in the season that none I of the cottages showed any signs of oc cupancy, and great was the surprise ol" the young men as three people suddenly I appeared at the end of one of these paths, an old gentleman and a lady, | and a tall, slight young woman in a bi- .r>f onvbrt r-lnth With pmifll j nun or astonishment the new comers returned the gaze till the girl, about whose good looks the club had instantaneously agreed to a man, gave a startled ex clamation of recognition, and Mr Rich ard Whitney, cynic and woman hater, hurried eagerly towards her with a wave of colors dying his sunburnt face. What followed was in pantomime to his comrades. Handshaking, a few bfOken and embarrassed sentences, then he was presented to the old lady and gentleman, and the conversation which began continued without any apparent | end in view, until the other young gen tlemen left out In the cold fussed and fumed with Indignation and Impatience, throwing themselves down In the sand awaiting Lord High Mighty's pleasure to depart. "That's what I call consistent," grum bled Morris, feeling an intense attraction towards the unknown charmer whose graceful, lightly-built figure appeared at its best advantage against the back ground of sea and sky. "Luck for Dick that she hasn't noticed me. He wouldn't be in it if she had," observed Reggie, serenely. "Peacock!" came from the others, and Morris gave him a kick a little too de cided to be playful. "Can I help it?" said Adonis, with re proach. "I don't want them to fall In love with me, but they always do. It's mighty awkward for a fellow some times." "Do you suppose she is in love with Dick?" asked Aouis. "How do we know, chump?'' respon ded the literary member. Reggie regarded her fixedly. She was at that moment talking with great ani mation and glancing' up at Richard co- quettishly. "I should say she was. That's the way they generally look at me just be fore they come to a crisis. I wonder who she is. I fancy 1 have seen her somewhere." But now the recreant one turned on His heel, and walked slowly bark to them across the beach. Is man-of-:he-world air had deserted him completely, and he felt as awkward and sheepish as a. raw schoolboy as he approached, greeted by a silence more eloquent thai, words. "It is an old friend of mine who has been abroad for years." he began. "Poor chap!" sighed Reggie, too quietly to he heard. "One of those houses belongs to her uncle and aunt. They just came flown for the day — came on the train, and she Is going to ride back on her wheel." Still that uncomfortable silence as the lads scrambled up and prepared to lead away their bicycles. " Wait a minute!" stammered Dick. "You — you had better go on without me. She wants me to go with her. I don't like to refuse an old friend, and, beside, she doesn't know the road. Well'.''' The club turned and looked at him as one man, and the captain became con scious of a sudden intense envy of a clam that lay at his feet. "We might all escort her," said Morris, dryly. "There's safety in numbers." "Yes, introduce us," clamored the oth ers. "Better not," said Reggie, shaking his handsome head. "I'm fond of you, old fellow, and you wouldn't have a show if she saw me." A violent resentment gripped at Dirk's heart at this; he picked up his tall wheel and turned away. The lovely stranger had been watching him under Iter long lashes, wondering why the situation seemed so strange, and what had tcm- perd his joy at meeting her again. "We might escort her," said Morris, dryly. "Thre's safety In numbers." "Yes, introduce us," clamored the others. "Beltr enot," said Reggie, shaking his handsome head. "I'm fond of you, old fellow, and you wouldn't have a show if she saw me." A vie, lent resentment griped at Dick's heart at this; lie picked up his tall wheel and turned away. The lovely stranger had been watching him under her long lashes, wondering why the situation seemed so strange, and what had tem pered his joy at meeting her again. " I shall have to lead him on," she thought, "but I am certain he loves me still, and I always meant to marry him in the end. "Dick," as he came up to her "who is that awfully good looking man-- the one in the green and blue stock ings?" Twenty minutes later the Comet Club had reached the top of a long and gentle ascent, which it was only a pleasure to climb, and there pausing for breath, glanced backward instinctively along the road they had just passed over. At the foot of the hill they saw the captain and the old friend who looked not a day over twenty, walking slowly, and engaged in conversation of the most interesting na ture. " ' Discretion is the better part of va lor,' " quoted Morris significantly, and the derisive laughter that followed was horue on the wind to the ears of that couple. Dick bit his Hp savagely. "They are bidding you good-bv," she said softly, "hut you don't mind when you have got me, do you?" But little Louis fit esomething thump ing at his side all the way home, not his heart, but the beloved meerschaum which the cynic had left behind, forgot ten, on the beach. — Boston Herald. Good Story of the Late Archbishop of York— The late Dr. Thomson, Archbishop of York, when he was Bishop of Glou cester, suffered from toothache, and, by medical advice, resorted to narcotics to relieve the pain. One morning, after a night of great suffering, as he left the house to consult the doctor, Mrs Thom son begged him not to allow the physi cian to prescribe a narcotic, as it aff.-cted his brain for several hours after taking It. On his way the Bishop met the postman, who handed him a large of ficial envelope. He opened it in the street and read his appointment to the See of York. Instead of visiting the doctor he hastened back to communicate the sur prising news to his wife. ".Zae! Zoe !" he exclaimed, " what do you think has happened? I am Archbishop of York!" "There, there," rejoined the wife; "what did I tell you? You've been taking that horrid narcotic again, and are quite out of your head." 