WJTHTHE pATTLE. B* A. a Paitkbsok ('The Banjo.' in Paaforettstf BaiauX. ' The drought is down on field and flock. The river-bed -s dry ; And we mait shift the starving stock Before the cattle die. We muter op with weary bearti .- . At breaking of the day, And torn our heads to foreign {stria. To t*ke tbe stcck away. And \t?s tmnt 'em to and .dos Via. Andit'sget thew&ipandttog;'em, ? For tt- toit work it droringwhen tbqrt»- 1 dying every dty ; ? '; I By ctack-roatat but aad esten, M Oadmty toads and beaten, ? With half e. dance to CDMoe to MTrJirir ' livei we take the stock away. - --~ ' ' We cannot ose Has whip for shame On beasts that crawl along ; We nave to drop tbe weak and lame. And try to*ave tbe strong; Tbe wrath of God u on tbe traok, Tbe drought Send faojds his away. With blows and eriea and atockwhip ccack, We take the stock away. A- they fall we leave tbeni lying, . ? —With the crow* to watch them dying, Grim eextoiu of tic Orerland that fagtpt cm rteir prey^ By the fiery dast*t»nn drifting. And tb- flwrjfing mirage afesffiag, In beat and drought and bqpeles1 pfin^wa Uke tbe stock away. In dull deEpair the days go by With never hope of change; Bat every stage we draw more nigh Towards tbe mountain range ; And some may live to climb the pass. And reach the great plateau. And revel in the mountato grass By streamlets fed witb snow. As the mouotain wiqd ia bloving It st»rte lbe cattle ic?win£. And calling to each other down the da&ty; long array: And there speaks a graded drorer ; ' Well, thank God, the wont u over, Tbe creatures smell the mountain grass tnat'f twenty miles away.' They press towards the mountain crass, They look with eager eyes Along the nigged stony pass. That slopeB towards the sties ; Their feet may bleed from roctos and stones, Bat thoagfa the blood-drop «tarU, They struggle on with stifled groans. For hope is is their hearts. And the cattle that ire leading. Though their feet are worn and bleeding. Are breakioff to a kind of rno — pnU on and let them go ! For the mountain wind is blowing. And the moantun grass is growtog, Tliey settle down by running stream! Iee-eold - with melted snow. Tie d»y- are done of hett tad dioBght Upon the stricken plain [ The wind has shifted right about. And brought the welcome rain ; Tbe river runs with cullen roar, AU flecked with yellow foam. And we most take Che road onoe mora, ?*-' To bring the cattle home. ^~ ' And it's 'L»ds well raise * duns, There's a pleasant trip before ga,' And the horses spring beaeiti na ?* tn (but them down tbe track ? And the dreTcncamtar aiitjiK, £?*_ S/^S- Through the nreet green grusea epring '-£3^*^ Towards the far off mountain-land to bring ' 7 . Oa cattle back. Are these the beasts we brought away 1 That moveso lively now? T- They scatter off like ilyingspray ' ~ Across the mountain's broir ; ~- AndOashing down the rngged range \--JWehear-the stockwhip crack, EZ$A tilth, it ia a welcome change 2°Jo bring anch cattle back. PJ*' Aud if a 'Steady down the lead there '.' '5 And it's ' Let 'em atop and feed there !' *'*' ™Stkey\e wild aa mountain eagles, and their JSaffSes are aHafoam ; -^ ~~~3ot they're settling down already, ~5zn*%nd they'll travel nice and ateady, ''P^ cheery call and jest and song we {etch 3SJ3»ttIe home. St b ae&ve; to watch them dcee at night ?» nTfett theyTl make a rush, / «*»gjbreak away in headlong flight / coslleroai the open bosh ;. 1 JMBd by the camp fire's cheery blaze, ?» Witt mellow voice and atrong, ' We bear the lively watchman raise The overiandera eong : 'Oh 1 it's when we're done with roving. With the *»mpinE and the droving, It'sjiomeward down the Bland well go, and -JT-neviriBore well roam ;' - t While the atara shine one above na, \- like the eyes of those who love us— ?The eyes.of those who watch and wait to greet «=JE the cattle borne. '?^^^The plains are an awave with grass, The skies are deepest blue ; And leuarely the cattle pass And feed the long day through ; But when we eight the station gate. We make the stockwhips cnick, A welcome sound to those who wait To;greet the cattle back. And through the twilight falling _ We hear their voioe. calling. - Aa the cattle splash across the tord and chum it lato foam; . ?? . - r. -And the children run to meet us, And our wives and sweethearts greet us, ? ~ Thriruemglrau the Overland who brought the cattle beans. . -„-- The andenfiiinor hottse df^ttmtie^Syden ham is situated in a neantifnlly-wooded dell a abort distance from WDliton, in Somerset shire. In the time of Queen Elizabeth it was occupied by Mr. George Sydenham, whose daughter Elizabeth is the heroine of a curious story. In the entrance hall of this quaint old house, in the middle of the stone floor, right beneath a heavy oak table, is a large round ball of meteoric origin. It is about a foot in diameter, and looks very much like a polished cannon ball. It ia considerably over 1001b. in weight. When rolled from its resting-place it makes a curious noise— a noise which the old housekeeper declares to be like thunder, 'the language of its native skies. ' ^0 As aoon sj the ball is moved in the direction ^^ -, of the 'table, it runs smartly across the atone floor to its original resting-place. It is Mm ii)!] in the neighbourhood that no power last-, niinlil keep the ball from ita place, and that, infa^-ifjt were taken to the top of the ad joining habit would roll across the country and never atop until it reached its true goal under the table. It was kept for many yens in the house of the late gardener to the Notley family, but of course that ia an insig nificant fact to be pitted against anch a charming beuef aa that we have jast related. This ball ia the great treasure of Combe Sydenham, and how it came there the follow ing story will show. Sir Frauds Drake, _ — - during one of bia sojourns on land, fell in love with Elizabeth Sydenham, the only daughter of Sir Gee ge Sydenham. When Drake left her to go away on one of his ex peditions, the lovers vehemently swore to be true to each other. Asseverations of 6delity were made, and love locks exchanged with pusioaate ardour. 'Be true, dear Bess!' cried Sir Francis as be bid her adieu. 'I may be away some years, but I will send you tokens that I am alive.' Bat Best wag a comely damsel, and while her liver was on the high seas another mas laid siege to her affections. His suit prospered so well that she agreed to marry him. The wedding day came, and Elizabeth and her second lover were walking out of the ball, side by side, to ride away to church wheb the mysterious ball rolled in at the door of its own accord and passed between them ! The lady recog nised this as the token promised by her old lover, and declared that ahe would go no further. Drake, after a series of triumphs over the Spaniards, came home and married Hiss Sydenham. The settlement of their marriage u dated 25th August, 1685. At that time Drake was fifty years of age. He died a few months afterwards, and his widow married Mr. William Cosrtensy, of Powder ham Castle. A very curious story is told in the north west of Somersetshire concerning a lady who lies buried in St. necuman's Church, aitnated between Wilton and Watehet. Sir William Wyudam, who died in October, 1683, married Frances, the daughter of Anthony Hunger ford, of Fairley Castle. They lived happily \- together in ine old manor house of Kentaf onL Several eons and daughters were born to ? them, and then, much to the grief of her lord, the lady fell ill, and apparently died. She was put in a coffin, carried np the hill side, and laid in the family vanlt in St. Decu man'a Church, beside another knightly Wyndbam who had died several years pre viously. The mourners returned to the now desolate home, ate the funeral bakemeats, drank the consoling cup, and retired to rest. At-nidnigtit the sexton, one Will Attewell, mignt^have been seen creeping stealthily along the northern aisle of. the church. He had a lantern in one hand and a chisel and tile in the other. Proceeding to the Wynd bam vwult be forced open the lid of the coffin, wMcb had bees dapoaited there a few hours I before, and the feeble light from the lantern fell on the pallid face of Lady Wyndbam. Her thin, white hands were crossed over her breast, and on the fiagers gleamed the jewelled g3tt of her loving husband. At the sight of these the sexton's eyes sparkled with delight, and he began to !remove them from her tapering fingers. One by one they slipped off the fingers, but a beautiful diamond ring, the choicest gem the lady wore, refused to leave the hand of its dead mistress. The aeaton took up his file, and began to cut through the circle of gold. As he did so the file grated on the flesh, and a drop of blood oozed out. How Btnnge that a corpse should bleed I Then the hand was slowly withdrawn from his grasp, and the lady sat upright in her coffin. The sexton gave a shriek of terror and fled. Realising what had happened, Lady Wyndham sprang out of her coffin, took up the lantern which the sexton in bia terror had left behind him, and ran to her old home. The family had retired, but the noise even tually aroused a maid-servant, who looked out of the window, and then ran shrieking through the house, ' My lady's ghost is at the door !' Sir William was awakened, went to the window, and looked out. 'Ob, Wil liam ! William ! Open quickly, for I am very cold,' plaintively pleaded the upturned face. 'Is the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost,' he replied, ' I adjure thee, O poor ghost, why troubles! tfaou me f ' Oh, William ! William !' sobbed the white robed figure, ** I am no ghost, but your own true wife, alive and in the flesh. Open, William, dear, or I perish with the cold.'' With a great cry the astoniabed husband ran down stairs, unlocked the door, threw his arms around the breathing form of Lady Frances, and carried her to her room. There he iearnt the means of her revival, and bow it tad been brought about. Lady Wyndham, so strangely rescued from a living tomb, re covered health and strength, and lived many years in the happiest union with her husband. In fit. Secuman's Church the tomb of Sir wni*^ Wyndham may be seen, witb figures ?irw*' it which are pointed out in confirmation of this story. \ In the town of Ayr some soldiers fell upon a watchman ins. lonely atreet, and took away hie money and coat. He immediately repaired to .the captain of the company to report the fflaasr.'.rjto«aptain asked him whether he had on the waistcoat he then wore when he was robbed. 'Yes, air,' replied the man. ' Then, my friend,' ssid the ^ptain^ ' I can assure yon they did not belong to my company, otherwise they would have left you neither waistcoat nor coat.'' Dr. Boyd, the 'Country Parson, ' illustrates the ease, with which a lack of Judg ment can wound a susceptible congregation : — ' A voung minister, preaching in a country church, took for his subject the famous swine that perished in the kike. He likened the owners of the pigs to men who cherish and practise Bins, knowing them to be such. Theu wanning up and addressing the congregation in more personal terms, be said: — 'I fear much that I am addressing 'keepers or swine.1 ' fbe old clergyman who told the story to Dr. Boyd, said : — ' You know every body there keeps his pig, and they took the remark as a personal insult, and thought of ducking the young man in the river.' 