'WORKER' CALENDAR. WORDS OF CHEER FOR THE WORKERS. 1896\. ? : » , SUNDAY, MAY 17. There is one stimulant which always cheers and yet never intoxicates — duty. Duty puts a blue sky over a man's life — up in his heart maybe — up into which the Bkylark happiness always goes singing. . ? — Lamartine. MONDAY, MAY 18. Cometh the night, wherein no man may labor ; i Therefore, we work while yet the day is light. I To thee, to mo, to foeman, friend, and neighbour I Cometh the night — the night. I Terrible night to those with tasks half-ended, Who revel carelessly through rosy hours ; I Leaving the com, the goodly corn, untonded, j To gather in the flowers. — Anon. TUESDAY, MAY 19. No life , I Cau be pure in its purpoeo and strong incite strife I And all life not purer and stronger thereby. I — Bulwer Lytton. I WEDNESDAY, MAY 20. ! If it is pointed out that even atjpresont mutual I help does come about, even through mutual conflict, I indirectly arid with much loss on the way, may we I not hope to make that mutual help conscious, I rational, systematic, and so to eliminate more and I more the suffering all around us. f —David G. Ritchie, M.A. . THURSDAY, MAY 21. 0 why and for what are we waiting ? while our brothers droop arid die [ And on every wind of the heavens a. wasted life ! v goes by. ! How long shall they reproach us where crowd on crowd they dwell, Poor ghosts of the wicked city, the gold-crushed hungry hell P , Through squalid life they labored, in sordid grief they died, Those Bons of a mighty mother, those props of a nation's pride. ' They are gone ; there is none oau undo it, nor save our souls from the curse ; But many a million cometh, and shall they be better or worse? , —William Morris. FRIDAY, MAY 22. Thoughts exist for the sake of deeds. They are the best wo have to give to the world. God has a' right to use them as moral material to work into the new earth he is making. The self-repression of ! that which is deepest within us, whether at the bidding of our intellectual and religious superiors, or from distrust of the practicability of our ideals, is a land of atheism. — Georye D. JTerron, D. J). ' SATURDAY, MAY 23. This world is full of beauty, as other worlds above, And if wo did our duty, it might be fnll of love. ? . — Gerald Massey. 