A MLIAI TEAM "I don't know much-about firearms, so 1 would like you to pick me out what you consider a good weapon." The salesmen ran his eye along the rows of revolvers. in is is one I can recommend," he said. Its barrel glinted blue, its stock was pricked out in nickel, and Its ham mer filled with a glittering cylinder JJke the nose of a ferret in a rat-hole, "Ah, yes, that looks all right. Is it loaded? No. . Kindly explain to me how the trick is done." After he had seen the cartridges shoved into the chambers and had paid the price, Arthur Brackenbrldge slip ped the weapon Into his breast pocket, made his way along the Strand, and, turning sharply down Villlers street, en tered the underground station. "Karl's Court, first return/' he said at me pjgeon-noie, but he hastily corrected himself. "No, not return; single I mean. Earl's Court, first single." He pocketed the ticket, grinning rue fully as he said to himself, "The return will be a free journey this time, I ima gine/' Half-way .down the dirty stall's that lead to the platform he suddenly paused. "What in the world possessed me to take a first? Third would have done me oulte as well. What an ass I am to day. Ah, well. I have lived in this world first-class, and may as well go out of it first-class." A few waiting passengere sauntered up and down the platform, smoke liung. in fantastic blue whiffs, writhing and twisting and swirling lazily towards .lie roof, and the gas burned yellow in the great glass globes that hung above the footway. The ticket inspector at the foot of the stairs, his punch dang ling to his fingers, carried on a flirta tion with a buxom wench of serving- maid class. "Resides, it will look bcttei on the evening paper bill. 'Suicide in a.Tliird- class Underground' seems cheap. Few persons of class enter the underground, and none travels third. . Substitute first for third, and well — -It should make a rather taking bill, you . know." At this point in bis soliloquy Arthur Brackenbridge became aware of a cu rious growling tumble that rapidly grew into a roar, and as if in fear of this ominous sound the black tunnel began to vomit smoke that gushed out in a dense cloud-bank. At last two yellow eyes trembled and blinked in the darkness, and the next Instant a Richmond train came vneezing, rock ing, screeching, and grinding out of the blackness, and stopped with a jerk at the platform Brackenbridge ran nimb ly along the carriages and jumped into the first empty compartment. Placing his hat in the rack,, he let down the window and stuck his Head far out, as though looking for a friend — a trick much resorted to by lovers and school boys who wish a compartment In themselves. On this occasion, however, the stratagem was unavailing. At the moment the train was about to move on a brawny man rushed past the ticket inspector, and, grasping tbe handle of the door, gave it such a lightning-like twist and pull that had Brackenbridge not drawn in his head with rapidity he must have found himself at full length on the platform. "Without one word of apology the stronger shut the door with a bang, and flung himself into a corner, never, once glancing at the young man. who stood ln the middle of the compartment looking the anger he felt. To Arthur Brackenbridge's way of thinking, the entrance ot this stranger was abrupt to an uncalled-for degree, and the thought of hownarrowly he bad escaped being flung out of tbe carriage determined him to remonstrate. So he opened by saying in his decided man ner. emphasised by the anger that was in him: "My seat, sir/' The stranger glanced up ; his eyes were bloodshot, and his features set and hard. He said nothing, however, and sat tight. "My seat, sir," This time the stranger did not even condescend so much as a glance. "For tlie first time I tell you that you are in my seat. If you doubt me, my hat on the rack above will prove what I say." "tVithout a word the fellow flung him self into the opposite corner. "Gad. he's a cool customer." Arthur muttered as he took the seat vacated by the stranger. The man sat, or rather lay along the cushion, his two hands deep into his trousers' pockets and his eyes fixed on his foot as it rose and fell to the rocking of the carriage. He was a man past middle life, fairly well dressed, and stur dily built. " I'll startle this cold-blooded fellow before I'm through with him," Arthur Bracenbridge thought ... Leaning for ward he addressed the sullen man: "I would like you to change compart ments at the next station." The man stared angrily at the speaker. "And I shall do nothing of the kind/'' he replied, decisively. "I advise you, sir, for your own com fort, to change." "I look after my comfort without as sistance from others. I shall not change." " As you please/' Brackenbridge re plied, in aicareless tone. The train crunched, and ground, and shuddered, and came to a standstill at "Westminster Bridge. Arthur Bracken bridge spoke: "Allow me, sir, to advise you again to change carriages. It will not put you to much trouble and may save you a loL I speak in all good faith." The heavy man ran his eye over the other, and there was unspeakable scorn in the glance. Then he again turned his attention to the dancing boot. When the train disappeared into the tunnel Arthur Brackenbridge sat up, "As you have, sen fit $o disregard my advice, given, as I before said, in all good faith. I can only hope, sir, that you do not object to me committing suicide. I intend to blow my brains out before we reach St. James's Park station." Tbe surly man leapt mildly to his feet. He threw open the carriage door and the roar Of tlie tunnel drowned Bracken- bridge's cry to "stay." Steam and smoke in a purple cloud, and sulphur smells belched in and filled the compartment The younger ipan had grasped hold of the other's arm. .At last the door was shut, and the two stood facing other. Brackenbridge grinned. T gave you fair warning. It crossed my mind that you might prefer to be eleswhere ' "What do you mean? You are not going to kill yourself?'.' "Ah, but! I am."- . . . . "Good heaven, man, you're'icwizyl" "Youispeak tyke a coroner's jury, sir. As a master of truth and of fact I am not crazy, but I'm/ terribly sane,' which, as iar as I can make out, amounts te pretty much the same thing in this world. It is only the insane that would try to live after the- events of this awful"day./.I'm too sane to attempt to do no." ...... The elder glowered into the eyes of tbe younger. He .was much the -taller of the two and had to stoop low. "Whom have you done for?" he asked abruptly. What do you mean?" The young man felt a trifle uneasy under the other's bloodshot eyes. "Whom have you made away with ? What did he do to you to make you do the deed?" j The fellow stepped hurriedly back into the corner, and looked about him as though he feared he had been overheard. Arthur Brackenbridge blurted out: "What the deuce do you mean. sir. 'Done for?' 'Made away with ?' What an idea! You're crazy now, instead of me. It is I have been murdered, foully and brutally murdered. Yes, 'sir, twice this day. But here we are at St. James's and the little affair not done. I trust to your honor not to say a word to the guard, for as sure as he comes for me I shall fire, and ln my hurry may make a mess of It, you know. Now, out you get, that's a good fellow, and God bless you, sir. For some reason quite unexpladn- able I wish to be alone when, when— well, good-bye. The surly man stepped out, walked a dozen feet towards the exit, paused for a second .or two, and then hurriedly retrac ed his steps, entered the compartment and shut the door after him. "No, may I be hanged If I leave you." Brackenbridge sat wearily back In the cushions. The stranger stood looking flown upon him. "Postpone the deed for just one station more . I want to speak with you. May I?" Brackenbridge nodded an enforced affirmation, and the heavy man seating himself; a silence followed. At length the 6tranger said: "There is but one crime in the long calendar the devil has prepared for us that warrants a man taking his life." "Yes? What is that crime, may I ask?" "Murder." "My dear sir," said Brackenbridge sit ting up, and speaking with animation. "My dear sir, a murderer has no need to kill hiself." "You mean Society will do the job for him?" "Not at all; I mean quite a different thing. A murderer dies the instant his victim dies." "O! Indeed, I did not know that." "It 4s so, nevertheless. A murderer may walk about, and be to alfbutward appearances alive, but, as a matter of fact, he is as dead as Pharaoh. His hold on the world is relaxed. His self- respect is dead; his manliness is dead, his liberty is dead; his ease' of mind has been slain by the iself-same blow that slew his victim ; everything that constitutes life is slain, and lies dead within him, a rubbish heap with his heart, a core of hateful fire smouldering beneath it all. Breathing! working, walking, talking, seeing— all such things are but the incidents of life. A life oH falsehood and subterfuge, of wildly flee ing from a consequence, is death in its most awful form." Brackenbridge spoke rapidly and with bitter vehemence. "I tell you,' he continued, "murder changes a man from a living being to a craven coward, a coward who fears to live, and fears to die." The heavy man sat in silence for some moments. "It seems to me," he said at length, "that one who contemplates suicide Is a still more deplorable creature tban a murderer." 'I don't see matters in that light at all." "Well, I think you will agree1 that one who has committed murder tnay, at least, be presumed to Have been brave at the moment of the deed." "I suppose there is something uncanny about taking human, life that demands valor of one kind or another," assented Brackenbridge. "But with suicide it Is altogether dif ferent," continued the stranger. "The actuating impulse Is cowardice, pure and simple, a weak determination to es cape threatened pains of body or of mind.. But I maintain that to delibe rately. with premeditation, slay a fellow man calls forth one glorious outburst of manhood, one period of physical tri umph. of mental exultation. Ineffable. Supreme; a moment when a man's feet are on the spheres, when his head is ablaze ln the sun, his soul Is a great licking, rolling crimson flame, and his arms are reached down through endless space to the spinning world, and his fin gers creep among the crowd to clutch his shrieking victim, clutch him, and roll him in the palms, crush his bones, squeeze him, crunch him, and roll him again and again, and work him gradu ally, gloatingly, towards the finger-tips to hurl him, a pmpv mass. Into space and everlasting blackness. Ah! I call that a supreme moment, when the crim son flame of soul-fire leaps through the smoke-clouds of a smouldering life to the very sky!" The stranger had started to his feet, his eyes great and full of fire, his hands clinched above his head. Whirling round and facing Arthur Brackenbridge he demanded : \- "Why would you kill yourself?" "I have lost my fortune, and-: — " ".What is. that? You talk of cowards! I. thought yoa valiant, you .thought yourself so! Bah! why waste good pow der and ball. You fear to live because, perchance, your circumstances may not be quite so pleasant as formerly. Sor did coward" "It's not altogether a matter of money," faltered the young man. Tlie stranger kept his eyes fixed upon him. "There's a warrant—" "Then you are a criminal?" "No, I am not." "Why the warrant?" "My partner has landed us both in fraudulent bankruptcy " "Are you innocent?" "Absolutely." "And you fear?" "Well, jthere Is as much shame as fear "You are vain as well as a coward." "To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience; at least, so I gather from the newspapers." ; The heavy man sat down again and gazed at Brackenbridge contemptuously. "Young man, what a craven you would have me believe you. Your cowardice is so great that you' are willing to stamp yourself guilty by self-murder rather than face your accusers and confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. I should have thought you would have Implored some one to. come with you while you took the leap in the dark; Why were you given youth, strength, health, good strong arms and sound heart if they were not intended to overcome 6hr staeles ? Think! would it not be greater far to step out before thlc world and say 'Here am I an honest man; where are my accusers? rather than to lie on the floor of a railway carriage with a wreath of powder-smoke for a crown?" "Yes, but you see, my dear sir, to-day there has been a focussing of all that is unfortunate for me. My whole for tune is gone, the fact that It has beep lost causes tlie police to /want' me, and the fact that the police 'want' me has lost me — well " . , "Out with it! Lost you what?" Arthur "Brackenbridge did not Intend to say more, but the stranger's com manding gaZe and imperative Question left "him powerless to resist. At every station he prayed that some one woiild enter tjie compartment, but the Under ground is a. contrary line. No one dis turbed them. "What else have you lost?" demanded the heavy man?" "Well, to out with it' as you ask— the girl to whom I am engaged — or was." The stranger threw back his head and burst into a flood of wherein there was no ghost of a trace of mirth. Brackenbridge felt indignant at the sar castic levity of his new found com batant, but said nothing. "Girl," the 'heavy man . shouted. 'Fine girl. Indeed, that will break her promise because you've lost a pound. She gave you her word and now tells you to your face that she will not keep it" "She has not. I tell you she — she " nui you nave jusi tnis minute saia she told you to go about your busi ness " "I said nothing of the sort." "Then how know you that you have lost her?" Brackenbridge was silent.- "Let us be honest one to the other. An swer me: How knew you?" "Her guardian, her aunt, told me." "My young friend, take the advice of one who has seen, experienced, learned. Have no deaJings with a woman through a woman— never. Give me that revolver you have in your breast pocket." The revolver was weakly passed over. "Now we are coming to Earl's Court Station. Get out; be a man; walk up to the first policeman you meet— or, bet ter still, bail a hansom, and teli cabby to drive, to the nearest police station. Say to the Inspector; 'I hear there is a war rant out for me. I have come to give myself up. If you want me.' " "By George! I don't like -to do it. you know. I swear I don't ; but 1 suppose your advice is good. I must say T d«> not fancy passing through the machin- iery of justice— the stinking police cells and maybe the stinking Old Bailey and the stinking Holloway as well. don't l!ke the idea, I say." "Nonsense. I.have little doubt that you'll find the plank bed in tbe cells more entertaining at least than the stone slab of the morgue." "Don't speak of it, sir:' not another ; word. I hadn't thought of that pou my soul, I hadn't. You make my flesh creep." ' The stranger grinned for the first time. Arthur Brackenbridge reached for his hat, and reluctantly left the car riage. He stood for a moment, his back to the compartment and his hand still on the door. Turning, he said : "Yes. you're right. I'll do it; I'll give myself up and see what becomes of me. My name is Brackenbridge ; you will, without a doubt, see it appear often enough iu the newspapers during the next month or so. But, whatever be comes of me, you, sir, -have saved my life. "Whether you have done me a good turn or an evil one has yet to be seen; but to-night, a,t least. I am graetful, very grateful. That slab keeps recurring to m ymind, you know, and — well, good bye, my friend, and God bless you, sir, God bless youV The two 'men clasped hands, gazing into one another's face earnestly and long. The train started with its usual wracking jerk. The heavy man sat huddled in the corner, his brows contracted, arms fold ed, and his eyes fixed on his dancing foot. The train arrived at and departed from West Kensington station. He slipped his hand into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. Tbe muzzle smelt blood; it looked blood. Without one glance at the weapon, but handling it as a usurer handles a gold ornament, he muttered; "Taken one life, saved one life. Surely the one should .balance the other. But he says: 'No: not one life, but two you have taken — two! two! your victim's and your own.' I believe he is as right in my case as I was in his, and the balance is against me, against me— hopelesly against me; against me now and for all eternity. He .said to me : 'God bless .you, air!' I think that is of good omen. He Is the last I 6hall meet on this earth, and he said, 'God bless you, Sfi!'" W- a 'With his thumb he drew back- the hammer of the 'weapon, until "it ''clicked" twice. "I may as well end my flight by instantaneously putting myself out Of reach of my purauers; and it is better that I do it with1 the young man's words ringing in my ears. He was flyiing to his death; I from mine. He found life; I find " At Hammersmith station the traveller's bylthe train gathered round the compart ment, to stand tip-toe and peer into it while the guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful collapse; .slrid next morning's papers contained the news Of the suicide of the Gray's Inn murderer and the arrest of Arthur Brackenbridge. — "The Ludgate." 