BROADBRIM'S NEW TORE LETTER. On Sunday night a wretched, bloated, un sightly wreck of a woman staggered into the Police Station House at West-thirtyseventh street, and asked for a night's lodging ; her clothes were in tatters, her breath was foul with fumes of the poisonous rum which is | furnished in the slums at two cents a drink 1 to miserable wretches such as this. She was'accorded a resting place on the bare floor," and the nest morning, unkempt and I dazed :with the previous day's .debauch, ! she was taken to the Yorkville Police Court. Aa she stood up before the magis trate, with nerres all shattered, and-tremb ling like an aspen leaf, her bloated face bear ing no trace of the beauty for which she was once distinguished, she was indeed a pitiable sight. ' What is your name? asked the magistrate. ' Jenny Worrell,' she replied. I ' Any home T he asked. 'Ko,'she answered. 'Any friends V 'ITot that 1 know of.' The I magistrate looked at bar, as if trying to re-: (' member something which left hin still in | j doubt, • And you are Jenny Worrell ?'■4 Yes.' ' One of the Worrell sisters?' * Yes.' ' Is it I possible ? Is it possible'? Well! well! well! I whoever thought you would fall as low as this, j I will commit you to the workhouse; that will be better than walking about the streets.' Twenty years sgo Jenny, Sophia and Irene Worrell were among the most attractive stars on the vaudeville stage. Their united salaries were frequently five or six hundred dollars per week, but with the usual im providence of that class of player-folk, they ! blazed out in fine dresses and diamonds, for- j getful of the rainy day which is morally certain to come sooner or later. Sophia married GeorgeS. Knight, who had been a negro minstrel, but just previous to his marriage he took to the legitimate stage, where he made a most conspicuous failure. After sinking all-the money that he had ac cumulated in minstrelsy in the vain attempt to become a legitimate star, overcome by his ' failure, paresis set in. Over indulgence had done its work, and there was no foundation to build on. The same fatal complaint that had carried ofi Tony Hart, Ed Harridan's part ner, :hat had slain GeorgeFot, the celebrated Humpty Dumpty, that had killed, in his prime. John M'Cullougb, that bad struck! dawn-in th&zenith; of his powers thelrish com edian Scanlon, struck down George Knight. I lost sight of Irene ; but Jenny found a friend in Mike Murray, one of the most celebrated andfortizDategamblers in the United States, if not in the world. These were indeed golden days for Jenny Worrell; all that gold could buy or love could lavish were hers. This j was in the palmy days of the Tweed ring, when those inside of the charmed circle had I | gold galore and money to burn. Then came : the change ; honesty had once more seized the helm of public affairs, and the old craft' was being steered clear of the rocks and the quicksands that threatened it with instant destruction. : Every day, politics, instead of getting a firmer cohesion, seem to grow more muddled and chaotic. A month ago it looked as if the Xew York delegation would be Morton, and I nothing but Morton to the last ditch; now the elements of discord are seen from Chau tauqua to Montauk, while it is probable I that Governor Morton may get a majority of the delegation's votes on the first and per haps the second ballot, that is, if there is a second ballot, after which fully one-half of I : the delegation will feel absolved from the in structions of the State Committee, and [ transfer their votes to M'Kinley. • The break between es.Senator Warner Miller-and. Mr. Piatt bodes evil for Republi can unicy and success next fall. The" presi .dential candidate, whoever he may be, will | r. ceive the solid Republican vote. Governor ; Mtirtan,-who is a Republican, loyal to the I' core, would so advise. He will consider no : man hts friend who, on. election day, bolts a regular Republican nominee. One great factor in M'Kinley's favor is, that the "New York Sun," ' which shines for all.' opposes him. Dana, never a very clean fighter, is now making one of the dirtiest and meanest fights of his life. Everybody remembers the campaign for Butler. Zsolhing like it in journalistic and political indecency is to be found in the history of cur country, and the main consolation that those he opposes can derive is, that those he abuses and vilifies , generally succeed, while those whose cause i he advocates arc equally sure of political damnation. Xot a day passes but this paper assaults j Ohio's favorite son in terras which would.dis [ grace a Billingsgate fishwife. Y\ hether a man is a Democrat or a Repub lican. being put forward as the representa tive of his party he is entitled to decent treatment and fair play. Up to the time of ' his_ becoming a presidential candidate, no living man ever heard a word agninst i William M'Kinley, civilly, politically or ' socially. Men differed with his advanced ideas of protection, in his own country and in Europe, but the honesty of the man in its advocacy was never questioned. The style of attack on Governor M'Kin ley in the "Sun "is the same which hunted Horace Greeley to the grave; the same which followed Genera! Grant from Appo mattox to Mount M'Gregor, nor did it cease till long after the honored remains of our great soldier lay within the mausoleum at River.-ide, when the voice of an indignant nation said to this political renegade, *Thus far thou shaltgoandno further.' Is i» a continuation of the bitter and unsatisfied hate and malice which, for five and twenty years, held George W. Childs up to public ; contumely ,;scora and rjdicule—a citizen who was recognised at home and abroad aa ous of the purest men .and the^grandest philanthro pist that_ the nineteenth* century has pro duced, • Not the high character nor imperial ser vicesof General Hancock, the hero of Gettys burg,.were sufficient to protect him from Dana e venomous assaults. General Hancock i lie described as 4 arrest iuke, weighing 250 pounds.' The hero of Gettysburg fills an honored grave, but Charles A.|Dana still lives and let us hope that he has lived long enough to repent the merciless venom cf his attacks on men, the latchet of those shot;s he was not worthy to unloose. Hia bitter attacks on Governor M'Kinley are making him friends »very day. If he only.ksaps it up till Novem ber, and Govern or M'Kinley gets the momina tion, noDemocrat will stand the ghost of a chance against him, ' Let us have pe«.ce.' The Lord knDW3 we need it. Let us have a good, sound money standard, which 3hall outride every financial cyclone for ages to come, and which shall leave our untarnished honor without a blur or a taint, a model for all future time. De bise your currency, and 'you debase the standard of national honor. Put^ a }yin« fifty cents upportiiefiitiairke1, and call it a dJlLir, i-s-merely- tfie encforseinent of a lie which no nation, though hemmed in by bayonets, could ever successfully carry out. The adjuration of Davy Crockett is just as potential to-day as it -was wh9n it was uttered. within the crumblirg walls of Alamo three-quarters of a century ago,' Be sure you are right, and then go ahead.' Tie question which now troubles the politicians is," Which is the right way T Per haps we may have to turn the Rontgen rays UDon' it so as to get a-good look on the inside before we can make up our minds. One of the mo^t interesting and exciting features of the coming Presidential campaign will be the Attempted destruction of the primacy of Thomas C, Piatt in Republican politics throughout the State. To men like Warner Miller, whose Republicanism date3 back to Fremont and bleeding Kansas, Mr. Piatt's leadership is offensive ; they cannot endure the thouaht that their franchise is carried is any man's pocket, to be used alike by friend or foe wherever it can be made to do the most good. . - A factor which it is well enough not to leave out of the calculations of Republican success is the delegation from Kings Country, which embraces the city of Brooklyn. Brooklyn wa3 not particularly enthusiastic about consolidation with New York. She had much to lose and little to gain, and then she did not feelproud of a nearer relationship with us fellows on this side of the river. She was rr.ther afraid of us politically pnd morally, and the Legislature sat down on her by passing the Con solidation Act over the vetees of Mayor Strong, of this city, and Mayor Wurster, of Brooklyn. Asa last fork r a hope, Brooklyn appealed to Governor Morton to veto the bill, as it was certain that they would never get a two-thirds vote in the Legislature to pass it over the Governor's veto. The Governor went back on his Brooklyn friends, and now his Brooklyn friends go back on him. The signing of the Consolidation Bill cost Governor Morton the entire Kings County delegation, and from this time till the Convention meets in St. Louis, the Kings County delegation will boom 'Governor M'Kinley for the presidency. Decoration Day, which came to us like a banediction, fittingly closed the week. It Wr.s an ideal day, and old bittle-scarred veterans who had faced death at Antietam, who had shared in. the bloody sacrifices of Stone River and Lookout Mountain, heroes who drove b.ick the enemy at Cedar Creek and changed a disastrous defect into a glorious victory, maimed witnesses who swelled the sacrificial holocaust at Gettys burg, who fought like demons around Gulp's Hill, and baptised with their hearts' best blood the immortal battle ground of Round Top, marched bravely along in the line. Over thirty years have passed since the shattered remnants of the grand battalions marched down Pennsylvania Avenue, pro claiming to the world that the war was ever, and that peace had come. | On Decoration Day the streets on the line of march were crammed to suffocation. The sailors from our warships formed one oi the most interesting scenes in the pageant, and they were greeted with deafening cheers' along the entire rou^e. The mascot of our sailer boys was a grave old Billy-goat, who trotted along in front of the battalion as proud as anyone in the 'procession. He was fitted up with a nice jacket, on each side of which was his name, ' Major Billy.' His ap pearance was greeted wich shouts of laughter and clapping of hands, and if we may judge by the applause bestowed, Billy was one of the most popular objects of the day. ■ The OIcT Guard of the Seveuth Regiment acted as the Governor's escort; they are ever popular, and hold a very warm place in our hearts. There was an elaborate service at General Grant's tomb at Riverside, and in Brooklyn the statue of Rev. Henry Ward Beecher was decked with flowers. After the procession thousands of soldiers and civilians swarmed to Greenwood Ceme tery to strew with sweet flowers the graves of their beloved and honored dead. In that magnificent Necropolis lie many Confederate soldiers who fought against the Stars and Stripes ; they died far away from friends and home, as did many of our own soldier boys, but their graves were not forgotten on Decoration Day, and will not be a3 long as this sacred holiday is remembered. If there^ is a man or woman in the length or breadth of our land who thinks that patriotism is dying out p-ith the men of this generation, the sight of such a celebration as we had on Decoration Day would give him the assurance that patriotism still lives, and that God still rules and reigns. j Yours truly, BROADBRIM. Taxation on Bicycles.—In Franca they are taxed at 12 frmcs, or 9s (5d sterling, and more than £80,000 is thus received. Cyclists, are sexually divided into pedateures and ped&leusts.; At Naples they are taxed 10 punts, or.francs if kept for pleasure ; if for business purposes, 5. .-The value -of .bicycle exports from Great Britain, whole or in por tions,- was last year a. million and a half terling. " • • - •' ; The Stop.y of-a Gloved Haxd.—The plot of more than one recent .novel has been based on the marriage ot a European woman with an Oriental. The following incident bears os the Bubject;—A pretty and wealthy New York girl,_who had been epsndine the' winter' at Cairo, becsme affitnced to -"Must*pha iFehmy Pasha, at that time Prime Minister of Ejjypt.l Despite the opposition of - her ''relatives, the marriage was about, to take place. An English man who knew all about Mustapha called the girl's attention to the fact that her fianct's light hand was always gloved. Her cmio-ity aroused by this peculiarity, he. told her that the glove was worn to conceal an ugly scar that disfigured his hand. Bat it was the result of a bite he received* whi'e strangling the former Minister to France, MoufLtish, in 1877 Mus : tapha at the time was a chamberlain of Khedive Ismail. He killed the Meiiffetish by his master's orders at the close of a ' supper at I which the statesman had been his Sovereign's honored guest. The man was as3aEsinatei be cause the Khedive had learned thai he intended to expose the durk financial dealings of-the Egyptian Government to the Commission of Inauiry appointed by the European Powers. The girl requested the Pasha to remove his glove, and met with an embarrassed refusal. Then she. broke off the match. Mustapha is a most courtly, handsome, and thoroughly European-: ised Oriental. The Rhodesia's Heroes. — So much has bec-n written lately (says Mr. Labouchere) of the—heroism of the Rhodesians—a heroism chiefly displayed in 1 brilliant engagements' in which the Matabele are shot down like game in a batteau—that it is quite a shock to hear that any of them are accused of showing the white feather. A correspondent at Bulu wavo assures me, however, that ths native rising led t-o the hurried departure of a num ber of men, who suddenly discovered that pressing business required their presence else where. In particular my correspondent writes with much righteous indignation of the flight of a gentleman who held a prominent position as the representative of two powerful companies. This individual was not content totru^t tothe ordinary coach service, which was then regularly running, but actually- of fered £500 for a special body-guard. Three men undertook to escort him down to Jiang we on these terms, and he got safely away. Bitter, indeed, must have been his rttlections when he learned that he might have remained in perfect security at Baluwayo. His friends there have determined to accord him a warm welcome should he venture to return. The Prince a.vd the Boy Amist.—An interesting incident- occurred on the Oaks day at Epsom, which tends to show that his Roya! Highness the Prince of Wales is 'ever ready to encourage talent- abd cenius. An intelligent little fellow, who couTd not have been more than eight or nine years old, was hoisted up in front of the Roval "enclosure, and op- a large oketch-blcck, w'ith a piecc-vof crayon, ho produced striking' portraits :~g{ such celebrities as her Majesty'the Queen, H.R.H the Prince oI'-AYales, the Marquis of Salisbury, Sir John Blun.dell. Maple, And others, with most marvellous rapidity and ac curacy. A hirge .crowd of well-known patrons of the turf quickly gathered round, and showed their appreciation of the young artist by a shower of silver coins. His Royal Highness, who bad witnessed the performance from a dis tance, wa3 so delighted with the child that he stepped forward and presented bim with a sovereign, amid loud cheers. The boy . raised his cap in acknowledgment, the bell rang, the I officers of the lav? shouted " Clear the course," and the young artist was carried away with the throng. 