iii5t ftIloitrl sU0iu s titsteiur lliustlrel T'roupo, ON Friday evening lost the Broadford ijnmi Amnatur Mliniatrcl Troupo gave tlu:ir first performance brfore a fair hle.re. The audience was thin, owing no doubt to the *multiplicity of send orl'e, &c.;, that have taken place lately, nld had one of the best troul:e's travelling come along it is questionable whether they would have fared as well. Some time after, the curtain was raised and revealed a splendid circle, the end men Messrs. Lewis (bones), and Cusack (tambo), being in pink waist coat and dancing pants, B. Aitken, A. Mlunro, N. Aitken, W. Temple, E. Jones, and M. McLeod being all in white, with their dusky visages coming out in strong contrast. The Broad ford Brass linnd were ranged behind them' and as they played the opening overture, the singe, with Mr. Ilysing's bleautifnly i anitlt-. scetrsry, and, other lecom tin. oif Il tnral nature, ptesented oille of the lretrtiest scenes to look t ,,t,, and it ustt certainly be said ...tl stige.. int the .aull never ,lonked ri'asin fni titnri;"rie irisle t nits tihat the evening weuhlt ctntinnue to be pleasing and enterteil ing, and it was Po Iheyond the most snioguiie anltici pations. The opetning piece was entitled "A Gardcen Party," and tliroughout it proved that those who iere the c:,ief moving spitits, had a !, lendlid idea of true negro life. " 1aisa Dinah's Wedding " was the .pI.t-itg chorus, and was given with isuch it trite swiig that the auidienl e " caught ol" at the conclusion. The following programme swas then rendered, the items Ibeing interspersed with witticisms by the corners, at the instances of htiterlrcutor B. Aitken: Ballad, "Lessens That I Learned ont Mother's Knee," Master N. Aitken; ballad, "Of All These Dear Retnemt her.-d Places'" M r. '. 'enple; hlffT song, " Dinah Duck," Charles Lewis; ballad, "Little Blue Ever," Ir. 3B. Aitken ; huilii, song, " Illornoia," Dan Cusack; halhlttd, ' P clure That is Turned Townitls the Wall," Mr. A. Munro finash, "Tidder Day Neg.ro Row," By the Endls. To say that thtse items were sell given, taking all things into considera tion, is but putting, it mildly, asdt in some esses the tei-ditior.s were first class and evoked spontnneous and liberal applau.e. Meciast. Lewis and Ousack wete earls trying to " m.asli " Miss Pin, h," (Mr. M. McLeod) it ho in splendil fishion gave each eneitr asge ment in tourn, and manipulated her (iis) fan wilth exellint effect. The finale (aits all itgro gatherings in th? olden days diid end) was a row in which th, wrong maln gets pni-hed (the interlocutor in this instance), it:d the curtain was lowered amid a eeen,- of reconciliation accompanied by a peace song, anid there appeared to ibe a consensns of opinion that our minstrels had done handsomely. After the interval the programmen was varied with that nicety hichl shlows trite busine.ss tact on the part of the nuanlagemnnt, and the fl' llw i.g good second part was rendered :--iong and Danee, "Where the lhwr its Grow," Dan Cusack ; descriptive srl', "Sentenced to Death," 31i:. 3\I E. Trezise ; sailors horn pipe, (in costume) Charles Lewis; Irish song and reel, "Gaffars of the Gang," Messrs. ithlt n and Cusack; negro pathetic, "' irav.I ling Back to IRixe)," Charles i .%?%i; serio comic, " Where I am L..ui;i-:g t Now,"" A1r. M. E. Trezise; i,:,j, speciality, "'The Parrot aild lhe Cradle," Charies Le is; clog ldace, (in costume) hDan Cusack. All who entertained the an 'lenre in the above did splendidly, Dan CIs:,ik with his Irish reel and clog dances. and I Charlie L'ais in his bantjo speciatlitr i and negro pathetic were well nrhi. going a distance to see, and ?.lhes.', Aitken and Trezisn more than fuliil-.lI anticipations. Real good alld lto mistake llmust ihe the vote up to ilree quarter tine. \e ihad hadl fill 21s. worth, but the complany had soneinhi?ng yet behind of a diffelent stamtip ?giuti and concluded the niL'ht's enterI:in ment with "Barnum's Grand Digity Ball," in which the following characters were allotted : "Barnum," Mr. IB. Aitken ; "Slim Jim," A witty arnd humorous negilo ticket taker," Charles Lewis: " BDiad head," Mr. M. McLeod ; Milknail," "Mr. F. Jones; "Richard ll." ?.lr. l. MeLecd; " Ilnustilttid," Master N. Aitken ; " Violinist," Dan Cusaek; " FIowergirl," Master J. T is.t.o: "Harry ilnrdnunscl,'," r. A. Mtnt.o; • "Lrs. Iratnmusc!e anld 'ai'vt." MPr. W. Tealle; " Tho Ghost," Mr\h. 11. l1ysing. Charlie Lewis, as " Slim Jihnt" was quite a host in this piece, aII Iis act ing colall Ilot tie illtprovetd uIn i' i- y thing lie did was watcthed ,ilt ,luIster interest, and the audienei. , lilt by this tin in ere quite Illilhussit.i wi lthl the succes, of tIhe troupe, w.l k-e , isi their aiprrciatio oft lil ,ifots. Thei oiliter cianCter Jirts, t ll ihf Ill iinor ihtportnsce, wire exlet-dll tit-llh sLuchI precisi:n and t xcellhl'ec ,ilh:lt thiy act di ast splendit necmptiinwntll u t'o ·Shilii Jim's" repreainutatlits At tIe tand of trhe piect., lthlt exi', 'il- I-, o r rlli, " WTalking for Dat C.,l-." wias rcttilitcd ly the compansy, a iii klipt tilmii in whirling datice and i.ilinr tinte, si d the curtaitn waslowia,.i ai:util i hItllatille of entlusiastic npphi,,t. , :Il he trtupi ihad in tin best po e.l:,' Il:ilnlllia aIil cincidI their dletatctors , of wil . ii, i:; i.e?sitnl. to note, there are fe,,. As e'iitertliiters the troupe hains rilt ril nil w' en it is coniplete!y localized , ill ibe mucli better. ilMr. Treziie in 1IlP tiro songs wans given a flattering tl:,- n ,f go;dt wil, and 'is Ilniiltlt deslerv. s n l:t, ctedit flr his ?itle ?onntluiinietii -,t. 'l.e tal;ings were u c.5 •. ,tl., :hicl, all said and done, is as muhl as could have been expected, but later on when there has not been so many calls on the public, and when times are a bit better we predict a bumper house. MIr. Hysing can rest assured that few if any provincial p'ay houses can sport scenery equal to that which has been turned out by him, and in saying that we think the complimsnt sufficient to his artistic abilities, which are un doubtedly of a high order. Mr. B. Aitken worked like a Trojan for tile success of the troupe and the entertainment, and the many little nic-naes he made up for the troupe proves that he is equal to something more than being a first-class interlocutor in a minstrel troupe. By keeping out jealously and work ing harmoniously together, the suecess of the troupe is assured, and as time goes by fresh artists will aplear, imaking the combination stroiager than evr. Su:mmied up theeniertaninmit given by the" Minstrel Troupe on lF iday eveninu last was one of the I.ast of its kind gi·. lu heri, and in tone and tn fet was..sep:eior.. to thqL givel qly m:n y and refrain silging they' wserr' jiiite equal to ev?n the best troupe that has been to Iiro'idford of late, and tle way in which Mr. Tewis has trained thei to sing is after the samie style as the Fisk Jubilee Singers, who as chorus silgms have no peer in the colotnies, and who Iy their melodies truly epre. sett the true negro in his songs. Mr. Leis is an entertainment in himself, ald keeps one laughing with his negro comiealities, and tle dancing of D)tn. Cusack in Irish reel, jig, and clohg d(ance is hard to heat. There is no anultt that the troupe on its tirst ap pe~ilnce was a pronounced success, antd as a prominent townsman said-It is the hest 2s. worth I ever had. At rhey play more they will improve, so there lire many treats in store for the residents of Talhlrook, Broadford, Reedy Creek, and other plnces. The comblinalion numbers nine and they can lach lay clanml to being a good re priesntat ion of thei real negro, and several are no doubt Al. At Tallaonok the troupe met with a reverse though the pecular ,behaviour of one of the members, who is not a lecal man, and by his COnduIct pre enrnted oihers from entertaining the audience. lie has bIeen summarily dealt with. 