I Tlie Clirouicles of Elvira I House. | By Herbert Keen. I The Tin Box. I 'HI werH y|U! Perkins,' said Mr. I R otb cue evening in the smoking-room, ,|eli0i,|d lake tare what I was about _;th that little widow.' .v.„, mean Mrs. Williams? lenquired. Ob! Is 'bat ber name ?' remarked my friend, carelessly, rcGlliog his pipe wjlh deliberation. ! , \y|,yi you know it is 7 I returned, ! r»iher sharply. >1 bare a bid memory tor names,- taid Mr. Booth, with a slight shrug ; you seem to be gelling quite intimate.' I'm decently civil to her,' I replied, siTiiificautly. " And I have avoided her I Yes ; that's uuite true,' said Mr. Booth, smiling. Perhaps I instinctively share Mr. Wel- ler senior's antipathy to widows. Any how, I don't like the face of this onr.' 1 was astonished and rather disturbed at this. I had great conGdence in my friend's judgment, but when I recalled (o mind the refined and delicate features, tbc soft trustful brown eyes, the gentle voice, and tbe timid shrinking manner ,,f the unfortunate lady he referred to, I irss tilled with indignation at bis cynical altitude. Mrs. Williams bad resided at E'via House for about a week or ten days, with her only child, a pretty little girl of five years old, and, owing to the acci dent of being placed next th her at tbe dinner-table, I bad struck up an acqnain- laace with ber. But she was neither leuiarkably good-looking nor particnlarly young, and my predilection was rather due to sympathy and good-nature than to admiration for her personal charms. Besides, she was apparently tbe last peisua to court attention, for her whole thoughts seemed centred npon her child, whom she evidently adored. f8Dcy she manoeuvred a little to get put next to you at table,' said Mr. Bootb, watching me quietly. You wouldn't say that if you knew ber better,' I retorted hotly. You thick it was an accident 7 Well, perhaps!' said my companion, in his enigmatical way. < I'm sure of it,' I said, emphatically. 'Mrs. Nix arranged it' ' All right, old fellow. It's no concern of mine,' esid Mr. Bootb, good-hum- ouredly. ' Only I shouldn't lend her soy more money if I were you. ' How do you know I have done so 7' 1 enquired, reddening. 1 You asked me to change you a cheque the other day. It is a mere guess, but putting two and two together ' You happen to be right for once, I interrupted, with some vexation. 4 1 lent her ten pounds, till her dividends fall due on Tuesday next. I suppose yon are going to suggest that the money is lost ? , I It depends upou her ciruumstauces,' he replied, nodding fats Ueayl. ' Well, do you know anything about ber ! Come, Booth ! Out with it V I exclaimed, irritably. I I ? How should I 7" etrid he, raising i hi. oj-cbrows. 4 I've never seen her | before iu my life.' 'She is the widow of i Mr. John I Williams, who died nbouttwo years ago. J \- He lived at Gateshead, and was a whole- j si; tobacconist. He left everything to ber by bis will,' I explained, to show | that 1 was not wholly ignorant of tbs j lady's affairs. i 4 How do you know 7' enquired Mr. I Booth. | 'She showed me a probate,' I replied. ; ' I didn't ask her, but when she requested me to accommodate her with that trifle I of money, she volunteered to explain | bow she was situated.' '1 see, 'observed Mr. Booth, apparently impressed. ' Uufortunalely tbe poor lady was left very badly oil,' 1 went on, mollified by the change in my friend's manner, which was now more sympathetic, 1 aud thet is what now brings ber np to -town. She has a fixed belief that her husband, who | serins to have been somewhat eccentric I in his later days, deposited some money j or aecurities at some bank in London or J elsewhere.' ' ' Has she any clue 7' enquired Mr. Booth, manifestly interested. ' ' Not that 1 know of. She Is very reticent,' I replied. 'She hasu't asked your assistance then 7' said my friend. ' No. Of course I should be pleased to help if I could,' I said, with a touch of defiauce in my tone. Mr. Booth did not gainsay me this time ; either he was tired of tbe subject or else he perceived that I rather resented his interference. At all events he re lapsed into one of those silent moods in which be was wont to indulge, and sat puffiing at his pipe with his eyes fixed on the fire for tbe remainder of the evening, without joining in the general conversation which presently ensued as other guests strolled in. I was annoyed with him because I thought that his opinion :of poor little Mrs. Williams was unreasonably pre judiced and very nojust ; nevertheless, his warning was not qnile thrown away upon me, for I determined to observe her with closer attention. The only result of tbis, however, was ; to -convince me more firmly than ever of her absolute 1 good-faitb, though I confess thai I began, to realise that ber refinement of speech and manner was partly assumed. In . unguarded moments, she occasionally dropped ao aspirate, and when she «rew little excited in speaking' of btr bfforts to trace ber husband's missing estate, be sometimes made nse of expressions which wereauggeetiveofa hnmble origin. Bat these slight solecisms were hardly perceptible, and of course a defective W 0 C&tinn; is at mnnl KiiofApflinD ' l?Ar the rest, she continued to interest "me j greatly and when, punctually oh the Ppointed day , sbe repaid me tbe-ten j pounds with many fervent Expressions of gratitude, I could uot forbear 'exulting 1 over my friend. ' That ie all right,' he said, laughingly, on hearing the news, bullookioga litilel name- faced, as 1 thought; . ' Yon hpedb't kll her 1 gave you a friendly warning 'Of course riot? Ireplied, indignantljr/. 1 AnF newsaborrtrhet- husband's Pwty T he aakedjCarUeaaly: . :i V'i-: 'None. She London friends, and .done everything: he can,'' 1 anSw<3ii3T:?''?=?!5r WhJ : d oeSnVtshi' ' Shedld so roorauttthnwybRrAgpln The Tiroes. and other journals. Have you anything to suggest 1' l enquired, anxiously. ' No. Don't for goodness' sake, my dear fellow, ask me to mix myself np in the lady's affairs,' he said, with mure temper than be usually displayed. 1 would ralher you didu't even tell her you have consulted me about them.' I promised this the more readily be cause I suddenly remembered having once suggested to Mrs. Williams that she should ask tbe advice of a friend of mine — having Mr. Booth iu my mind — in her difficulty.and had been met by a decided and emphatic refusal. The incident bad made no impression ou me at the time, but the idea now occurred to me that pcrhapsMrs. Williamshad guessed whom I referred to, and bad been moved by resentment at the marked coldness which Mr. Booth always displayed to wards her. I assured him, quite truthfully, that Mrs. Williams had never asked me to assist her in her search, nor bad I fore seen that she would do eo. But a few mornings .afterwards, tbe youth who did tbe valeting of the male portion of 'the establishment, entered my room while I was shaving with ao urgent message from tbe lady that she was waiting for me in the drawing-room, and wonld be obliged if I would descend there as soon as possible. I found the little widow looking very pale and excited, with bd open letter in her hand, which had arrived by the early post. Directly I appeared she flourished triumphantly a slip of blue paper, exclaiming eagerly : 4 See,-Mr. Perkins, what I have re ceived this morning ! My sister, who is taking charge of my house at Gateshead found it betweeo the leaves of a book, LoswMs Lifeof Johnson, which she took out quite by chaoce from the book-case in the dining-room. My poor husband waB devoted to tbat work, and was con stantly reading it during his illneBS. I am not much of a reader myself, and if it hadn't bseu for my sister, the paper might have remained undiscovered for years.' While Mrs. Williams was thns . breath lessly explaining, I glanced at the docu ment, which was a form of receipt or acknowledgment from Messrs. Drake, Cramp aodCo., Bankers, of Fleet Street, for a tin box deposited with them by her husband for safe custody on a speci fied date. I congratulate you,' I replied, think ing how attractive she looked in her excitement. ' it is indeed a fortunate discovery.' I I kuew it ! I was sure that he had done sometbiog of the kind !' exclaimed Mrs. Williams, joyfully. ' But he was very secretive about his affairs latterly — it became quite a mania with him — I shouldn't be . surprised to find the box contains property of graet .value. 4 The receipt, 1 see, is dated about six mouths before ber husbaud died,' I observed. 'Yes. We were up in' town then,, stayieg in lodgings in Ed wardes Square, XenNingnuiJxaplijijl.yl!.. Willjiins, re- fiectively. 4 1 brought biurup to sec a physician, though nobody suspected at the time tbc serious nature of his symp toms. He nsed frequently to go out alone ; and I suppuse he got the box from bis brokers or from some lawyer.' 1 Anyhow, be deposited it with Drake, Crump and Co. , there is no doubt about J that,' I remarked, feeling quits carried away by the widow's salisfac i m. ' 1 suppose you will call upou thr-ui and claim it at once f ' Yes, unless — I really feel quite as hamed to ask such a favour of you, Mr. Perkins — but 1 was going to say, unless you would mind calling upou them in tbc first instance 7 The fact is, my little girl is not very well to-day, and besides, this delightful surprise bats rather upset niu ; my head aches dread fully,' said Mrs. Williams, putting her white hands to berbrow, but smiling bravely. 1 Oh ! I sba'l be very pleased,' I answered, readily. ' You had better give me the probate of ynnr husband's will. The bankers will probably want to. see that' 'Certainly, I will go and fe'ch it. I am so very much obliged to yon, Mr. Perkins,' said the widow, grasping iny hand as -she left the room. Oar interview thus terminated. Mrs. Wiiliama brought down the official parch ment, and armed with this, '! hastened after breakfaBttocall npon Messrs.Drake, Crump and Co., feeling qnite interested and excited abonttbeaffair. Idid not have an opportunity of telling Mr. Booth of my errand ; he was late for breakfast,! remember, and I was impatient to be off so as to look in at the bank on my way to business. I merely mention this | because, as will appear later ; he after wards blamed me for not having confided in him at this junctors. The banking establishment of Messrs. DrakeCrnrap and Co., was a small private concern which had loug since been ab sorbed by one of tbe big joint-stock undertakings. In those days its affairs were conducted in a dingy -old bonse with barred windows about halfway down Fleet Street, in a leisurely, sleepy kind of way. ' The cashier's office was in the front room, thfl-S'aE consisting of iraly three or four elderly clerks, and on presenting my card I was ushered into a gloomy ditile apartment at the back. Where sat a :quaint white-headed old gentleman in knee-breeches, who was evidently one of the partners. ' Dear me ! That is very strange,' he exclaimed, When I. had explained my Tjasinep. - 4 Mr. Williams ie dead, is heT Well.well,- we were wondering! We haveu't heard anything of him for quite a long-time.' He has been dead more than two weara.' I cenlied. - j 'Two years, eh I' Let ; me. era, I be ob- served, as he rang a hand-bell upon the table. 4 Mr. Jameson,' he added, as a derk appeared, when did wer last hoar I from Mr? JoKriWilliams r I « He has not drawn on' his account for < "upwards ol' tiro ypari Hia pass-book I IB heje, ariswerbd the Clerk. I i tOh dheri tie hail A corrent"' account as well !' I exclaimed/ ' SafWiStoSS j 1 wud'tttoVAMptioridhwbqxamslaid, his , j r 'Qniterio l aitJ; ASSd thls wik® gentleman, taking it up, and holding it close-to his nose. ' I wonder yon didn't see the adver tisements in the papers,' I remarked. His widow knew he had properly some where, and she advertised.' ' Extraordinary tbat they should have escaped n=. We always keep a look-out,' said the old gentleman, glancing through the probate. 4 When did the advertise ments appear !' 'I cannot tell yon the date. Mrs. Williams will,' I answered. And you are a friend of the widow's,' enquired tbc old gentleman, looking at me pretty keenly over his spectacles. ' Yes.' ' H'm ! The probate seems all right. She is the sole executrix, I see. Of course, if she wants to withdraw the money and lake away the box, she must attend in person. Yon can identify her, I suppose, and verify her signature I' ' Certainly.' ' (I'm ! You arc Mr. John Perkins,of the Monarchy Insurance Office f be said, scrutinising my card ' Who is your present manager f ' Mr. Middletnn.' 'Tube sore. 1 have- tbe pleasure of knowiug him. Make him my compli ments,' said the old gentleman, quaintly. 1 will, 1 Buppuso Mrs. Williams can draw on theacci>nnt,and have access to tbe box when she chooses T I en quired. ' H'm ! H'm ! I see the tesla'or was described in his will as of Gateshead,' said the old gentleman, donbtfnlly. ' Tbat isn't the address in onr books.' ' He lived there, and his widow lives there still,' I replied. 1 Mrs. Williams tells me that at tbc date of that deposit receipt they were residing in lodgings in Edwardes Square Kensingtoo.' ' Quite right. Tbat is the address he gave. Well, sir,' he added, replying to my former question ; ' as everything seems satisfactory, if yoo will Jsave the probate for registration, , and -call here with the lady any time after twelve o'clock to-morrow, the box can be given up. Good morning !' I was very pleased, for Mrs. Williams' 8ake,to find that everything was straight forward ; and tbe fact of there being a substantial sum of money to the dead man's credit, which the widow evidently knew nothing about, would,! thought, be some compensation in case tbe con tents of the box should turn ont to be less valuable than ebe anticipated. Liter in the day, my chief, Mr. Middle- ton, aurprised me by coming np to my desk at the office and saying : ' Mr. Perkins.I have just answered an enquiry about you.' - ' An eriqpiiy 1' I exclaimed, rather startled. Yes, from Messrs. Drake, Grump and Co., of Fleet Street. Have yon some private business with them 7' he asked, curiously. ' Not of my own, sir. A lady in whose affairs I am interested ' 'All right, Mr. Perking. I don't wish to coqaire details,' he said, smiling at iny embarrassment. ' I was of course pleased to vouch for your respectability mid integrity,1 ' Tfaank yoo, sir,' I replied, secretly annoyed at tbe banker's icqnisitivencsS. I now perceived that 1 had been of more service to Mrs. Williams than I had anticipated, having uncon sciously acted as a sort of reference fur her, and thereby saved her, perhaps, some little trouble with regard to identifies lion. This gave an additional zest to tbe pleasure of being able to unike euch a satisfactory report to ber on my return, and I am bound to say that tbe widow was duly grateful. She overwhelmed me with expressions of thanks, and was really disposed to exag gerate my small civility. I wrote a letter, at her request, to Messrs. Drake, Crump aud Co., fixing an appointment with them for two o'clock on the follow ing afternoon, arid appending a specimen of Mrs. Williams' sigoature ; and of course I rapidly agreed to accompany her. When I told Mr. Booth all this, he manifested considerable irritation which, in my surprise, I was foolish enough to attribute to a sort of jealousy, since I could imaginu no other possible cause for bis ill-huniour. ' What the deuce do yon want to go meddling with this woman's affairs for, Perkins I' he said, sharply. 4 Whatharm have I done!' I exclaimed. 1 Harm ! H'm ! That remains to be seen,' he growled, puffing angrily at his pipe. ' I cannot understand your prejudice against this poor lady,' I said, getting angry in my turn. 'I take no interest in- her whatever,'- I retorted. j ' Oh 1 Go your own way, only remem ber that I warned you,' said Mr. Booth, dismissing the subject with antimpatieut shrug. We might almost have quarrelled; but I was really more amused than angry, and my friend'soon recovered his tern-" per. Nothing more was said between us about Mrs. Williams, and I 'attached so little importance to Mr. Booth's vague warnings, that .'it never everi occurred to me to cancel tbe appointment I had made. - : Accordingly the next day, at two o'clock, I was waiting for the widow at the door of Messrs. Drake, Cramp and Co.'s bank as arranged, and, being rather pressed to get back to my office, I began to grow impatient as she did not appear. Ten, twenty,' forty tmnntes passed with out any sign of her, arid . 1 was on the point of leaving, thinking the lady had made some mistake, when I suddenly espied her on the (opposite - side of the way, coming np the street from' the direction of St Paul's. She looked pale and fatigued, and, as I hastened to her assistance, I 'saw her jjlarice'iierrotiBly over her shoulder at a sloncbing, white- bearded, ragged old beggar man who appeared to be following -her. ' What ib tbe matter t'Has anything happened f I eoquired. ' , ph.,iio3; jliflostay ivay/Ihefatjj,'! said Mrs. WilliamB, with a nervous laugh. . . : ' Jjittatfjf.bpying yjuji J. , I ' esk«,o wering yypjpe as the old beggar slunk byumediy." ' . 'Tfaatman!' exclaimed-Mrs. Willitms, glaniang: after hiini AOh.riDl I hadn't: noticed him. V- " . . I g&ve; her my|md|eBcqrted:)htr- across »hecrowdikoad;ui 'thebank. En the parfour ri! I&baick;'ve fonnri old Mr. Orhirip awaiting u, Jkrid . qpjpjiide |ihlb I Williams' name inscribed npon It on a | paper label. I 'There it is,' exclaimed tbe widow,as | her eyes sparkled. ' I remember it now ! I always wondered what had become of j it.' 'Have you the key, madam 1' en quired Mr. Crump, after greeting ns with old-fashioned courtesy, and bowing very low to my companion. 4 1 think so ; at least I have one or two keys here, which I haven't been able to account for,' said Mrs. Williams, producing ber parse eagerly. Sbe selected' one of the key?, and, creasing over to the box, succeeded in opening it immediately. I only had a glimpse of the contents before Mrs. Williams shutdown the lid and relocked it ; and as they were done up in brown paper parcels or packages I could form no idea of their nature or valne. ' I have prepared a cheque so that you can draw out the money if you wish,' said Mr. Crump. ' Thank yoo,' replied Mrs. Williams, seating herself at his desk, and affixing ber signature to the draft. ' Will you take it in cash F asked Mr. Cramp. I Yes, please. In notes and £30 in gold,' said the widow, with business-like promptitude, as she drew on her glove again. | Mr. Cramp summoned a cashier, to whom he handed the draft, with the ! necessary directions, to which I added a request that tbe porter might be per mitted to call a cb. Daring the absence ! of tiie clerk, Mr. Crump observed, in ! course of conversation which naturally I tarned on the late Mr. Williams' eccen- 1 trie conduct with regard to his property : ' By the way, I've looked through tbe files of The Times for the advertisement but . I couldn't find it.' ' What advertisement f enquired Mm Williams. I I understood from Mr. Perkins that yon had adverLiscd in the papers for information about your husband's miss ing estate,' said Mr. Crump, looking at ma I ' Oh, yes, so I did,' answered the ; widow, colouring slightly. What was tbe date 1' asked Mr. Cramp. ' Really, I cannot at tbe moment re collect. I can send you a copy of it when I get back, if it is of any moment,' said Mrs. Williams, rather sharply. It is of no consequence, of coarse,' replied the old gentleman, evidently perturbed at seeing that tbe lady showed signs of resentment, ' I merely aBked oat of curiosity.' Mrs. Williams appeared, from her manner, to resent Mr. Crump's enquiry as insinuating some donbts upon the accuracy of her statement, but, fortun ately, the return of the cashier with her mousy caused a welcome diversion. While she was stowing away the notes and gold in her purse, the cashier looked at me and said : 1 There is a cab at the door, sir. Shall I ask the porter to carry the box down T ' I think I can manage it ; it is not heavy,' I replied, as I prepared to lift it. ' 1'tc been - ibtokin, Mr. Ic rklDB,' said Mrs. Williams, reflectively, while potting her purse away, ' tbat perhaps it would be wiser to leave the box here for a day or two till'I return to Gates head. That,' she added, turning to the old gentleman with herpleasantest smile, ' if Mr Cruuip will kindly allow me 7' ' Yon are welcome to leave it, madam, — at your own risk, of course,' replied Mr. Crump, a little stiflly. ' Yon see, I have nowhere to keep it while I am in town,' the lady explained. 4 It would be safer here.' ' It is a little irregular, as you are no longer a customer,' said Mr. Crump ; 1 bat still ' Oh ! but if I find I can afford it I shall probably come to live in London, and in that case I should certainly keep my account here, interrupted Mrs. Williams, graciously. ' In any case I am very pleased to oblige you, madam,' said the old gentle man, more politely. Though surprised tbat Mrs. Williams was able to restrain her curiosity about the contents of the box, it was obvious tbat ber suggestion was prudent, and, therefore, we left the box in charge nf the bank. Mr. Crump bowed us out of his room very civilly, and the porter ushered us to the street door, in front of which was a four-wheeled cab. Just as we reached it the old grey-bearded beggar man, whom I bad before noticed, rushed forward and obsequiously turned the handle. Mrs. Williams Bprang lightly into the vehicle, and again, I thought, she glanced nervously at tbe cadging old rascal. ' Hero, yon be off, my man,' I said to him, sharply. ' No, no ! Here, my poor fellow, is something for yoo,' said Mrs. Williams, and before I could preveut her she put her hand over her shoulder and gave the beggar a sixpence. ' You shouldn't be so foolish,' I said laughiDg, as the old fellow sbnffled off with his prise. ' Tnink of my good lock, Mr. Per kins,' laughed the widow. I gave the cabman the address of Elvira House, -and lifted my hat to Mrs. Williams from the pavement as he drove away, little imagining that she wonld have left London before I re-, turned in the evening. Bat so it hap pened, for when I reached -Elvira House at the end of the day, 1 learnt that the widow bad received a telegram an honr or so previously summoning her down to Bath on account of the illness of her mother. ' She left many' kind messages - for yoo,' added Mrs. Nix, when sbe gave me the information. She -said sbe would write to you in the course of a day or two. She was dreadfnllv onset, poor thing, at the sad hews- ' 'I did not even,knowshehad a mother living,'! remarked. ' . ' Yon were the only jperBon -she cour fided ing'-saidMrt- NiXgilayfaUy. ; ' I suppose the little girl has gone tool' I observed, a 'teifle abated. : ' Yea. A jsweCfc, child. - Everyone is- so .sony toloee them. Mrs. Williams was a universal favourite,' said Mrs. Nix. ' u.: '/;/, HHue wuBvidteitiy the ease, to judge, from Mre -expresaioaB of vsgret -irbichi iwere nttered atlhe dihrier-tabje wheh ber departuretiecsmie getterally known. We had M&&3&K;&8K mpany tbat j SrShanfe wasrinderstood to have accompanied himj and two or. tbree of our guests were din ing out 1 was surprised to hear of my friend having yielded to the Major's persuasions, for when the latter had broached the subject of the expedition in the smoking-room on the previous evening Mr. Booth had flatly refused -the invitation. But horee-racing was a form of spoit which Beeuicd to possess extraordiuay attractions lor him ; and I supposed he had been partly influen ced by the desire to keep his companion ont of mischief. I must confess that 1 fell a little de pressed at the widow's unexpected abs- seuse. It was quite untrue that I admired her, but her confidences bad heightened my platonic regard, and ber personality undoubtedly attracted ma I therefore awaited the promised let- with some impatience, and she was good enough not,to leave me loDg in suspense, for by tho next evening's post I received from her tbe followiog epistle, dated from Lower Pultenay Street, Bath. My Dea.r Me. Perkins, « 4 Alas ! my poor dear mother is dying ! So shocking, aud so totally unexpected ! Of course I must remain by her side till the end, and /she may yet linger for some weeks, the doctor says ! ' I hope Mrs. Nix gave yon my mes sage. I can never tbauk you sufficiently for all yonr kindness, dear Mr. Perkins, and yet I have a farther favour to ask of you ! You know what sick people are ! I told my dear mother, who is perfectly conscious, about the box at the bank Nothing will satisfy ber ' but to know what it contains, as sbe is anxious to be assured that my little giri and I are sufficiently provided for. ' How I regret that 1 did not examine the contents that day at tbe bank ! Arid now, what am I to do ! I dsro not leave my poor mother, even for an honr, I wonder whether vun would undertake a journey here and bring tbe box with you 7 I know it is too moch to ask, jet I have ventured to write to the bank to say tbat you might call. I am euro your kind heart will prompt you to do this if yon poBaibly can.' ' Yours most faithfully and sincerely, Dear Mr. Perkins,' ' Amelia Williams.' I was rather startled by tbie request, and yet — well, iu short, I decided to comply with it. I wonder at myself now ; most of us have experienced simi lar astonishment at past 'foolish actions. My chief objectioh, at the time, was that I conld not V6ry well get away from the office. However, on consulting a railway time-table, I found tbat Bath was a much more accessible placo than I had imagined. A half-holiday would be all that I required, for I could travel down there and return the same evening. The next day was a Saturday, so tbat all the indulgence I need ask of my em ployers was a single honr in order tbat I might get to the bank belore two o'clock to oblain the box. I therefore wrote immediately to Mre. Williams to say that I would travel down by the train which left Puddinglou At 3 o'.cluck, arriving ut B«lh at 5. 15, and that 1 should return by tbe express which would bring mo back to town abnnt nine. 1 bad no reason for remaining Bath, aud I thought I might accom plish my journey before Mr. Booth came hack. 1 think I must have had a vague idea of keeping my trip a secret, both from him and from t be other guests, for I was a little sensitive of remarks which had been made about my attentions to the widow. I duly carried out my programme ; the box was handed over to me at the bank without the slightest diinur, in consequence of a letter thev bad received from Mrs. Williams ; and I arrived at Bath puuctually at tbe time named. I hired a fly, and drove straight to the widow's address in Lower Pultenay Street, hut the ser vant who opened the door said, to my surprise, that the lady was out, and banded to me a brief pencilled note from her, saying that Bbe had been called away unexpectedly owiugto her mother's condition, aud asking me to leave the box. ' The poor old lady is not in the honse, then,' I remarked, casually. ' What old lady, sir ? enquired tho girl, opening ber eyes. 'Mrs. Williams' mother. Do you know where she lives I' ' No, sir, I don't. Never heard her mention she bad a mother here, in Bath, sir,' added the girl. 'But Mrs. Williams is in constant at tendance upon her mother, who is dying,' I exclaimed. ' Mrs. Williams has hardly left tbe bonse since she has been here, sir,' said the girl, evidently struck by my surprise. 1 She and her little girl went for a drive in a fly aboot an hour ago. I don't know where they went to. She said if a gentleman came aud left a tin box, I was to take great care of it.' ' Did Mrs. Williams say when she wonld return I' I enquired, with ao uu- easy feeling. She arid I was to have tea ready at six o'clock, sir,' replied the .girl, glancing back at the clock. ' I will come in and wait,' I said, with sadden resolution, as I stepped inside the halt. The servant, whose good- faith was manifest, ushered me into a neat parlour, and then left me, after again asseverat ing, in answer to pressing enquiries, that Mrs. Williams was certainly, not in at tendance on an invalid. Indeed, 'it Was impossible to donbt, from the girl's detailed account of the widow's move ments sioce list arrival in Balb, that the story of tbe dying mother wasa complete fiction. I felt very much like a person who hflfl nncraArfmllv tataivivI a flniiiJiA nf cold water. At first sight it seemed as though , the story bad - been -merely a device to work npon my -feelings :inj orderAo induce me to - bring ' the -box down-to Bath. Even so, however, 'if, was extraordinary behaviour-: ou Mrs, WHliama' part to absent herself just it thehonrof my arrivM.dfcbaderidentljr rnuritedhpbhmyieaviiig the - box, " -arid returning at once to Londori, as : I ' had" planned j . hut", why Hub sudden relucl- anpsEn tneiue.ito wy - oothirig jbt the ungrateful dlscourtesyT > I-grimly resolved toawaUn explana tion, and MtA WUliame had /given the ilegetl illness oEIier fenmafi my myBtlfiottiori prated warnings of Mr. B-iuth rose un- pleasauilylo my mind, and I had worked mysolf into a slate of mingled indignation and resentment, when a ring at the street door boll announced, is I imagined, the return of Mrs, Williams. I awaited her wi>h considerable trepidation, for I felt tbat my position was both painful and embarrassing. I beard tbe servant respond to the summons, and the next moment the room door was thrown open, arid who should walk in but — Mr. Bootb ! I started, and stared at him as though I had seen a ghost ; while be seemed equally surprised at seeing me, thongh he recovered himself quickly. He glanced at tbe box on tbe table, and his eyes twinkled. Hallo ! I thought you were at York 1' I gasped. 4 And I thought you were in London,' he said, smiling at ray astonishment. ' I'm waiting to see Mrs. Williams,' I explained. ' She's a very clever' little woman,' he said emphatically. ' You came down by lbs 5.15 train, I suppose, with tbatf : Yes.' ' While she, to put me off the scent, seeks to lead -me a wild goose chase, so as to leave the coast clear,' he added, nuddiug bis head. 4 1 found a note from her asking me to leave the box,' I said resentfully. 4 Yes. She didu't mean to be impolite to you,' said Mr. Booth, shyly. The fact is, she has been ao closely shadowed that if she had Btayed at home for you, your -arrival with the box would have been noticed. I suspected a trick, though I must own that my calling here in her absence was nothing short of an inspiration,', he added with great satis faction. ' Perhaps you'll kindly explain it all,' I exclaimed, with a show of indignation which was intended to disguise my In creasing confusion. Not now,! he said, coolly taking pos session ot the box, 4 nuless you want an awkward scene with the wutnan which might end io my having to call in the pulico. In tbat case my friend, you would figure somewhat unpleasantly before the public, as an innocent ac complice in ao awkward affair. We had belter clear out before she returns.' ' But tbe box belongs to Mrs. Wil liams r I exclaimed, horrified. 'Well, it does and it doesn't! I'll explain going aloog. Meanwhile, pos session is nine points of the law,' he said, potting the box und>r his arm and moving io tbe door. I was scared by the suggestion of a public scandal, aud I had complete faith io my frieud. 1, therefore, put on my bat and followed him, and by rushing through the streets cntil we met a fly which drove as at full speed to the stalioD, we juBt contrived to catch the 6.0 train hack to turn as it was begin ning to move away. 1 Well T I enquired eagerly, as soon as I had recovered my breath. We had, fortunately, and quite by chance, Bt'cured au empty first-class com partment. Mr. Booth was leaning hack with an" air of calm triumph, lighting a cigar, with his feet resting on the tin box. 'Mrs. Williams,' he said quietly, 4 is the wife of an accomplished forger and swell-mobsman, who is at present under going the felicity of fourteen years penal servitude. ' The wife !' I gasped. 4 Yes ; his real name iB Bolton, bat be called himself Williams among other aliases. In that name be opened ao account at Drake's Bank, and deposited the box, a few months before he was srrested.' 4 It was her husband's property then 7' I exclaimed, slightly relieved. 4 It contains the proceeds of a very ingenious robbery in Hatton Garden. Ho was known to have hidden a good bit away somewhere, but he kept his mouth shut, and the police were non plussed. So was bis clever little wife, whose ingenuity and pluck I can't help admiring.' 4 Didn't be tell her f I enquired, interested in spit j of my unenviable feelings. 4 Yes ; but she couldn't gel at it. It was lodged at tbe bank in the name of Williams for safety, and she dared not claim it. Bat she bided her time, and at length she heard of the death of a Mr. John Williams at Gateshead, which showed her husband's prudence in hav ing adopted a common uame. Of coarse, this was her opportunity. The dead man, a complete stranger, was made to represent the actual depositor, and Mrs. ' Williams pretended to be the widow.' ' How did Blie get bold of tbe probate of another man's will 1' I asked. 4 Probably bribed the clerk of the solicitor who had the caslody of it. Y«u see, probates are no good when once an estate is wound up. This was probably kicking about the office, -and wouldn't be missed.' 'What of the real Mrs. Williams of Gateshead 7' . ' She is dead.' ' Aod the advertisement said to have been inserted in tire papers V All a lie. There were on advertise ments. My dear fellow, she made yon serve her purpose, beautifully,' laughed Mr. Booth. 4 It was very unfriendly of yon not to bavo given me a hint,' I exclaimed, furiously indignant. My dear PerkiriB, didn't I warn you over and over again 7' Yes, bat yon didn't tell me wfaal you knew.' ! Because at first I knew absolutely nothing. I simply mistrusted her from a kind of instinct. Bat when you told me the woman's story I went round to Scotland Yard, where I have a friend,' said Mr. Booth, delicately flicking the iuih from his cioar with his little firioer. 'arid was Bhown BOme photpprapbB. That same evening yon told me you had been to the bank ou ber -behalf. You may remeriiber that' I was annoyed with yoiiP. : 'Even then you might have been more explicitj'T replied angrily. Well, the facts is, iny dear Perkins, «s you bad already committed yourself, ;I couldn't jstifaetptation of .under taking thislittie coup. Yon'played into jmy hands Us-it were. v "Bat there is no hanri done,4 he; added, latching at my dimfitiira. . Is" entirely ; private enltite uf hiy own, scarribd out single- jb&pded.;' ''"I ' --1'- v " hmtn, the -hank dajr.T I.fnquired, alter a sulky silence, 4 Because she discovered sbe was being watched,' replied Mr." Booth, with im perturbable good-humour. ' Do you remember an old grey-bearded man I' Yre.' 4 She spotted him, and that sent ber ont of London.' 4 You followed, 1 suppose ?' 4 Yes ; I knew she would contrive to get the box sent down to her. I thought she wonld probablybave.it bronghtdown by ODe of the bank messengers. I never thought sbe would have tho cheek to ' Mr, Booth checked himself abruptly, evidently ont of contiderarion for my feelings ; then, after puffing at bis cigar for a few moments, he added -in a con ciliatory tone, 4 You muatn't mind, my dear fellow. Ooly two people besides yourself will ever have even a suspicion of how it has all came about. I shan't tell," and you may be die won't.' 4 You forget the grey-bearded mail,' I grpaDed despondently. 'True ! Yes, I forgot him,' said Mr. Bootb, smiling ; 4 bnt I'll answer for his discretion as I wonld for my own.' 4 1 wouldn't have bad it happen for a thousand pounds !' I exclaimed in deep dejection, after we had travelled for twenty miles in complete silence. Mr. Booth looked at me fur a few moments with friendly concern ;then he leant forward and touched me lightly en the arm. 4 My dear fellow, since it has hap pened, I can offer you half the sum you meotion as compensation. 4 What do yoo mean I' ' 4 Hie owner of tbe property in this box will no doubt be glad to pay me £500 as a reward. I am sufficiently repaid by the satisfaction of having accomplished a very neat job, entirely off my own bat. As a matter of fact, I owe my success entirely to you.' 4 Thanks, no ! I'm not a detective,' I interrupted, more rudely I dare say than I was conscious of. ' At least let me offer yo,u a little memento to bang on your watch chain.' he said, wincing at the rebuff but not the least resenting it. He prodnced as he spoke, from bis pocket, a six-penny piece, and handed it to me. 4 What is this I' I asked. 4 Tbe identical coin which tbe fair widow bestowed upon tbe grey-headed beggar,' be replied. 4 How did you come by it, then I' I asked. But Mr. Booth only smiled, and I then recollected how he had boasted that he had managed his paitof the bninsess sinsle-handed. I have only to add that though my friend always declared thai the ' widow ' did not entertain the least snspicion of bis identity, she never came to Elvira Hoose again, nor even wrote a lias of remonstrance or enquiry to me ; and as I have heard nothing whatever from tbat day to this, I con clude she made no complaint bnt accep ted philosophically her bitter, disapoiot- uient, probably considering herself InckvtohaveescaDed worse couseouences. — The Idler. 