[?] LYCEUM—' THE NOTORIOUS MRS. EBBSMI'i'H.' The great event of the present Brouph and Bouoiaault season was presented to ua last night. Mr. A. W. Pinero's new play — or play new to Sydney — 'Tho Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith,' was staged for tho first timo in Australia, at tho Lyceum, before a largo and fashion able audience. We have been taken to task for using tho term ' problem play,' but whether the term be right or wrong, applicable or otherwise, to our way or thinking mr. Pinero wrote the third of his sex problem plays when he completed 'The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith,' the first and second of tho series being ' The Profligate ' and ' The Second Mrs. Tanqueray.' Making allowances for the hour at which the new piece terminated, ifc is impossible to attempt as careful or as deep a criticism as wo could wish, but tho impressions of a first night point to an artistic triumph from a purely literary and dramatic standpoint ; but, oil tho other hand, the theme is a gloomy, unhealthy, and disagreeable one. A well-known London critio after au elaborate and exhaustive sum ming up' says : — ' Dramatically it is a searoh ing display of pathos; ethically, it is a painful study in human fallibility.' No state ment could be nearor the mark. Here, at any rate, we have no intention of discussing its ethics — and it may be mentioned that at times they are perplexing — and it need only be said that Mr. Pinero has treated a very delicate— or perhaps we would be right in saying in delicate — subject without coarseness and in brilliant language. The story concerns tho doings of a Mr. Lucas Cleeve and the assiduous nurse during his illness and now his paramour, Mrs. Ebb smith. Agnes Ebbsmith is an advocato of free union. Eight years of married life — an unhappy married life, by the way — has warped her judgment;, and at the time the story opens she is firmly convinced that true happiness cannot exist with lawful wedlock. Lucas Cleeve, a self- indulgent, egotistic man, has come to a similar conclusion. His mar ried life has not brought him unmixed bless ings, and a chance meeting with Mrs. Ebb smith has caused him to desert his wife for her society. It is worthy of mention that; Mrs. Ebbsmith's notoriety has not; been achieved by any scandalous liaisons, but by public advocacy of her peculiar views. At thia time Mrs. Ebbsmith does not love Cleeve. Sifd thinks she has found her affinity, aud that he will be a fellow-worker in the oauso she has at heart. Her ambition is to live a life with him ' devoid of passion,'' and not in the 'common way of woman.' Cleeve denies its possibility, and the ultimate awakening of love brings forcibly to her the impossibility of her 'aspirations. Here are passages worthy of quotation : — Agues : Still, we have hardly yet set foot upon tlie'patli we've agreed to follow. ' It is not too fate for us, iu our own lives, to put the highest inter pretation upon that word— Love. Think, of the inner sustaining power it would give us I We agree to go through the world together, preaching the lessons taught us by our experience. Yon will show yourself fearlessly to the world as one who refuses to end'ure a misery you have not earned ; one who maftis a right to end a wretched marriage, from which thero is no law on your side to release you. And I take my place openly by you — a woman ready to give you, for as long as you ask it, that food of sympathy your talents hunger for to save them from starvation. We cry out to the people, 'Look at us! Man and woman who are in the bondage of neither law nor ritual 1 Linked simply by mutual trust! Man and wife, but something better than man and wife 1 Friends, but even some thing better than friends 1' I say there is that which is noble, finely defiant, in tho future we have mapped out for ourselyes. if only— if only — . Lucas: Yes? Agnes (turning from him) : If only it could be free from passion ! ' Lucas (after a pause, in a low voice): Yes; but is that possible ? Aones (in the same tone, watchiug him aBkance, a frightened look in her eyes) : Why not? LuCab : Young man and woman . . . youth aud love . ? Scarcely upon this earth, my dear Agnes, suoh a life as you have piotured. Agnes : I say it can be, it can be. We have at this stage the friends of Cleeve (the principal of whom is the cynical blasé Duke of St. Olpherts) endeavoring to divorce him from, his illicit love in order to restore him to the services of his country, in which he has already 'made his mark;' Cleeve Bighing for political honors and yet afraid to desert the woman who has shown to him such sympathy and encouragement; and an English clergyman and his sister, who hayo formed a strange liking for Mrs. Ebbsmith, trying to draw hor away from tho life which she is leading. The Duke, in order to get Lucas baok to his family, considers it best to expose his nephew's nature to Agnes. Mrs. Ebbsmith', however, remains loyal. Then tho Duke tries bolittling the lady. Lucas attempts a defence, not of Agnes, but of himself. Speaking of his own wife, he says : — Love one of thoso women — I know ! — worship her, yield yourself to the intoxicating day dreams that make the grimy word sweeter than any heaven imagined. How your heart leaps with gratitude for your good fortune: how compassion ately you regard your noblest fellow men ! What may you not accomplish with such a mate beside you ; how high will be your aims, how paltry every Obstacle that bars your way to them ; how sweet is to be the labor, how divine the rest 1 Then — you marry her. Marry her, and in six months, if you have pluck enough to do it, lag behind your shooting party and blow your brains out by acci dent at tlie edge of a turnip-field. You have found out by that timo all there is to look for— tho daily diminishing interest in your doings, the poorly assumed attention as you attempt to talk ovor some plan of the future; then the yawn, and by degrees the covert sneer, the little sarcasm, and, finally, the frank, open stare of boredom. All, Duke, when you all carry out your repressive legislation against woman of evil lives don't fail to include in your schedule the unsympathetic wives. They are the women whose victims show the sorriest scars; they are the really 'bad women' of the world — all the others are snow-white in com parison. Here a sudden change comes over Agnes. She decides that Lucas shall not be taken from her. If he is sensual she will appeal to him through the senses — and she does. Then ho again becomes her devoted lover, and the scene ends upon his passionate embraces. The crisis — tho one dramatic situation of the play — occurs at the end of the third aot, when the Rev. Amos Wihterfield and his sister, Gertrude Thorpe, are urging the dis traught woman to return home with them They place a Bible at her side. She shrinks from it — but the scene is so graphic that no apology is needed for quoting the passage. It tuns thus — Gebtebde (to Agnes, pointing to book) : This frightens you — (Agnes turns her head towards Gerttnde)— simple print and paper, so you pretend to regard it — but it frightens you. (With a quick movement AgneS twists her chair round and faces Gertrude fiercely). I called you a mad thing just now. A week ago I did think you half-mad— a poor, ill-used creature, a visionary, a moral woman living immorally ; yet, in spite of tdl, a woman to be loved and pitied. But now I'm beginning to think tbat you'ro ouly frail — wanton. Oh 1 you're uot so mad as not to know you're wicked— (tapping the book forcibly) — aud bo this frightens you 1 Agnes : You're right ! Wanton ! That's what I've become ! And I'm in my right senses, as you say. I suppose I was mad once for a little time, years ago. And do you know what drove me so ? (Striking the book with her fist). It was that— that ! Gertrude: That ! Agnes: I'd trusted in it, clung to it, and ifc failed me. Never onoe did it stop my ears to the sound of a curse ; when I was beaten it didn't make blows a whit the lighter ; it never healed my bruised flesh, my bruised spirit 1 Yes, that drove me distraoted for a while ; but I'm sane now — now t is you that are mad, mad to beli eve 1 You foolish jieoplo, uot to know — (beating her broaot and forehead)— -that hell or heaven is here and here. (Pointing to the book). Take it I (Ger trude turns away and joins Amos, and tliey walk quickly to tho door.) Agnes (frantically) : I'll not endure the sight of it 1 (As they reach the door Gertrude looks back aud sees Agnes hurl the book into the fire. Thoy go out. Agues starts to her feet rtud stands motionless for a moment, her head bent, her fingers twisted in her hair. Then she raises her head; the expression on her face lias changed to a look of fright and horror. Uttering a loud cry, sho hastens to the stoTe, and, thrusting hor arm into the fire, drags out the book. Gertrude and Amos re- enter quiokly, in alarm.) . Geetkude: Agnes I (They stand looking at Agnes, who is kneeling upon the ground, clutching the charred book to her weak, wan frame. The curtain falls.) ? Last night the effect of this situation on the audience was magical, and the house fairly rose at Mrs. Brough, the applause being tremendous. In the fourth aot wo find Cleeve's wife and his brother actually tryinig to induce Agnes Ebbsmith to agree to a shame ful arrangement, submitted to her by the obliging Duke in the third aot, viz., that Luoas shall return to his wife, or to his or their home, so as to avoid scandal, whilst Agnes Bhall be installed in an adjaoent villa as his mistress. A pretty and wholesome story, is it not ? But Mrs. Ebbsmith refuses, and seeks salvation in the country rectory of the good clergyman and his sister, Gertrude Thorpe. Such briefly is the tale. Ending as it did at 11.25 we cannot find time to give any extended referenoc to the aoting in this issue. Mrs. Brough has much to do as Agues Ebbsmith — and she does everything finely. Seldom has she ex hibited more dramatic power, and warm applause showered upon her testified eloquently what the audience thought of her admirable acting. Mr. Bouoicaul'fc fairly shared the honors of tbe evening wit'h Mrs. Brough as tho diplomatic Duke. Mr. Boucicault's was a vivid character sketch, strougly marked by artistic excellence. Mr. Boucicault has no better part in his repertory. Mr. Ward, as the egotistical lover, may be dis missed with a word of warm praise. Mr. Brough played well as the young parson, although really ho has no chances, whilst Miss Fnber, as his lovable sister Gertrude Th&rpe; — the good angol who saved tho un happy Mrs. Ebbsmith— did work which com manded the sympathy of tho audience. Tho auxiliary parts were well played, notably by Mr. M'Intyre as Sir George Broderick and Mr. Dorriiigton ns Fortune, Miss Spone, Miss Hardy, Mis3 Watt-Tanner, and Mossrs. Majoroni, Hambro, and Carey doing capable work. The firsfc, second, aud third acts take plaoe in Venice, and here Mr. Goatcher'o sotting iB really admirable. ' Tho Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith' will run until further notice, o ® # .HER MAJESTY'S— ' ROBINSON ? CRUSOE.' The last five nights of 'Robinson Crusoe', aro billed at Her Majesty's, and the panto mime season will thus Boon end. There was a matinoo performance yesterday, and last night the fiftieth representation was signalised as a 'souvenir night' — a plan which Mr. Iiignold made popular here— when a large audience Was in evidence. Tho pantomime wont briskly, thanks to the energetic efforts of Miss Mario Luella, Miss Amy Gourlay, Miss Lilla Wildo, Miss Lily Everitt, Mias Edith Moore, Mr. Bobby Watson, Mr. Loston, Martiui, Les Tines and others, of course not forgetting Manager Alfred Woods. Tho drawing for the obiof souvenir resulted as follows : — Mr. Geo. BereBford, Loigh Cottage, James-sfcreefc, Woollalira, who held tioket No. 1002. Mr. Beresford was an occupant of the family circle. The pantomime season closes on Friday, and on Saturday Mr. Dampier will reappear on tho scene. Saturday will seo tho first pro duction in Australia of a new and original sensational Australian drama, in five acts, by Kenneth Mackay, M.P., and Alfred Dampier, entitled ' To tho West.' For this, new and appropriate scenery has been painted by Messrs. Kinchela and Rioketts from sketches taken on tbe spot aud kindly placed at tho disposal of the management by Mr. J. O. Anderson, who has just returned from the goldfields of Coolgardie. The production will be a huge affair, tho scenes number ing sixteen, comprising many with tall spectacular effects. I he opening scene is tho deck of tho R.M.S. Westralia, bound for Perth. Then we have the exterior and the interior of the Golden Butterfly gold mine, showing the mechanical workings of a mine, aud climaxing with an explosion therein. This i$ a big mechanical scone. There will also be many other scenos reminiscent of Aus tralia in the West. To give effect, Messrs. Woods and Marshall are introducing a flock of sheep — being driven across the plains — and about sixteen horses, together with the usual amount of sensation connected therewith. The oaste will inolude Mr. Dampier (as tbe hero), Mr. Alfred Woods (they havo written a part specially for him to outrival Warrigal, which they havo called Geebuue), Laohlan M'Gowan, Alfred Rolfe, Harry Les ton, Harry Hodsou, Joe Tolano, Bobby Watson, Frank Sceates, Johnson Weir, Misses Lilla Wilde, Lily Dampier, Julia Morton, and Mrs. Harry Mar shall and numerous other good people. The piece is said to be very strong, and equal to ' Robbery Under Arms.' « » » THEATRE ROYAL— 'THE WORK GIRL.' No house in Sydney is doing better than the old Royal — over popular with our playgoers — and nightly the theatre presents an animated appearance. Yesterday saw the commence ment of tho third week of the run of ' The Work Girl,' when there was another large aud wonderfully enthusiastic audience to wit ness Conquest aud Shirley's sensational melo drama. There aro heaps of good things in tho play — stirring linos, moving incidents, and last, but nob least, ono of tho smartest of dances, the Larrikiu Ballet (should it not; have been Cosfcer Ballet?), arranged by Miss Beanie Gallofcly. Then the illustration, by John Bruntou, is good and realistic — Blaokfriars Bridge, to wit — whilst; Mr.. Wesfcmacott, Mias Har.rie Ireland. Miss FlorricFord, Mias Minna Phillips, Mr. Scotfc Inglis, Mr. Sweeney, Mr. Hazlett, and the others in the cast do moat efficient; work, iii fact the play is acted in such a manner as gives it every chance of making its mark. 'The Work Girl' at the Royal may be safely recommended to lovers of molo drama. XT W 9 CRITERION—' HIDE AND SEEK.' Mr. W. J. Wilson commenced his second week of management at the Criterion last night with a goodly house to see that bois terous and mirthful farce 'Hide and Seek.' Mr. Wilfred Shino continues to give a capital account of himself as the peppery Scotchman in search of a runaway wife. Mr. Ralph Roberta also scores well ns tho hotel waiter, who encounters so many trials and troubles, through tho advent of a large seotion of the great Jones family, whilst Mr. Frank Haw thorne and others assist to the utmost bent of their capabilities. ' Hide and Seek ' is, with out dodbfc, laughter provoking. 8 o o THE TIVOLI. There was the usual Saturday evening attendance at this theatre last night and, with the talent at their . dis posal, the management had prepared a capital entertainment. Little Miss Alma Grey furniBneB oue of tho moat attractive turns in the first part. Thia wonderful child gave a most finished rendering of ' Kiss, and Let's Make Up,' for which Bhe was encored. Mias Ada Baker, Miss Besaie Morgan, and Messrs. H. Fitzmaurioe and W. King were distinctly good in their vocal selections, and the serio-comics, Misses Daisy Chard, Marion Ainsworth, Florence Wilton, and that parti cularly graceful dancer, Mias Violet Morri son, were well applauded afc the conclusion of their contributions. Messrs. Chas. Faning and Frank York did excellent work on the corners, and were eaoh recalled several times. Mr. J. W. Winton was again extrcmoly smart and hnmorons in his ventriloquial per* formanco, and continues to merit more kudos than any other artist in the company. Tho Cosman Couple (Gebrge and Lydia) appeared in a now turn, George Cosman singing a good parody song, and Lydia Cosman earned an encore for a very smart Btep-dance. The CrosBley Sisters had three op four pretty songs and dances, whioh they worked off with considerable spirit. Mr. Chas. Faning and Miss Georgie Devoe appeared in a burlesque on 'Faust,' bub were only moderately successful. Other items of more or less note were included in the programme, and taken Ml in all the entertain ment was very praiseworthy. o o 6 SYDNEY MUSIC HALL. Mr. Lawler's new hall was well patronised last night, when a grand programme of variety business was:vput forward. Chief | among the vocalists were Miss Roblin, Miss Raymond, and Messrs. Percy Shannon and St. Georgo, who, besides taking part in tho quar tette, ' Sweet and Low,' With sucoess, wero each responsible for separate items, and Miss Roblin and Air. Shannon alBO rendered the duefc ' Life's dream is o'er' so well as to produce an encore. Miss Roblin sang ' Good bye to Kathleen ' iu fine style and with inuoh sweetness, and Miss Raymond's ballad was redemanded. Mr. Joo Edmonds gave an Irish speoialty turn, and with Miss Roselle, a smart sorio- comic, appearad aa ' The M'Nally's,' the. clever dancing and comic aoobmpanimeut being uproariously received and redemanded. A juvenile mado his debut in Master Monty Browne, eon of the lately deceased manager of that name. Tho youngster, who has a good stylo and pro mising voice, sang ' The Cows aro in the Clover,' and ' Moloney's Night,' and in each instance he had to reappear and give an extra verse. Mr. Fred Foster was responsible for a olover ventriloquial aot, and the rest of the show was up to requirements. o o » THE CYCLORAMA. The remarkable and striking picture of 'Jerusalem' at the Cyclorama continues to attract many sightseers, and its popularity looks good for many a long day. Yesterday afternoon several other attractions were sub mitted to visitors, ospeoially for the edification of juveniles. Full particulars of the hourB of opening, &c.;, appear elsewhere in thia issue. -S 9 MISS POLLIE EMERY'S BENEFIT. LaBt week we spoke of a proposed benefit to Miss Pollie Emery, and this week, the proposal having taken definite shape, we are able to give fuller particulars. Mr. C. B. Westmacott having, with his Usual kindness, offered the use of his theatre, the bonefifc will take placo at tbe Theatre Royal on Wednes day week, the 12th iust. Probably tho last act of ' Our Boys ' will be played, whilst; musical comedy will be represented by scenes from ' Pafc, or the Bells of 'Rathbeal.' Mr. Alfred Dampier and company will be oh hand . from Her Majesty's Theatre, some members of the Brough-Boucicaulfc company are to appear, and there will be a strong contiugent from the Criterion and tho Tivoli theatres. We hope to see Miss Emery have a real good send-off. « # * After its production in Adelaide ifc is said 'Djia-Djin'' will be seen here. Alice Leamar re-appears at the Tivoli on Saturday next. Harry Rickards is due a week later. Playgoers will be pleased to hear that Joo Tolano has been engaged for ' To the West.' Mr. Tolano is, wo hear, oast in a part that will give him some scopo. In securing 'One of the Best,' or rathor tho Australian rights thoreof , Bland Holt has without doubt done wisely, for its success at the Adelphi has boon most pronounced. The ctever illusions, ' Lot's Wife,' ' Nana,' and ' Amphitrite,' aro having a big run at Professor Allen's (the palmist), 534 George sfcreet. They are visited by hundreds daily. Julia Merton, Lily Dampier, Lilla Wildo, and Mrs. Harry Marshall are all included in the caste for tbe next produotion, ' To the West,' which will be staged at Her Majesty's on Saturday night next. Mr. Phil Goatcher has dono excellent work n ' The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith,' notably with a scene at the 'Palazzo Arcouati,' Venice. Mrs. Brough, who has a long and trying part as Mrs. Ebuamitli, achieved a great success last night, and won warm applause and nume rous beautiful floral offerings. In his early years Henrik Ibsen, the Norwe gian dramatist and novelist, was apprenticed to nn apothecary, with whom ho served bo years, occupied with the pestie and mortar When tho last mail left the Stoons were at Accriugton doing good solid business. The professor was still battling with the spiritualistic mediums ; aud after performing marvellous tricks he subsequently gave them away to the audience by explaining his code of signals, &c.;, with Madam Steeu. In tho now play, ' Q.Q.', written by H. T. Johnson, and recently produced at 'tho ; Prince's, Bristol, Edward Torry has a charac ter which is moulded to some extent on the lines of Clemmy in ' Sweet Lavender.' The initials Q.Q. stand for Quentin Quoins, a dissipated, down-at-heel journalist who 'has made a fortune for editors who print his articles as their own, and dramatists who produce plays that he has written. In fact Q.Q. is to journalism what ' tho ghost' was to fashionable sculpture some years ago ? but in the play Q.Q. 6cores off the scouudrols' and is able to take tho call for author for his one pefc play. The new play, aocordiug to the Bristol critics, saored a distinct success. Fred Dark has left; for London to try his luck. * * Fitz-Gerald Bros, had bad luck in Wellington owing to a high wind. * * Still they did enormous biz. * ° Bland ' llolt was in Wellington afc latest. * * Mr. Hare commoticed his New York season, at Abbey's, in ' The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith.' * * Mr. and Mrs. Clifton Alderson wero ex pected iu London- on the 17th ulfc. in the Ophir. * Emily Soldene reports that George Musgrove lias engaged Mr. G. W. Somerset for Australia to play Sveugali in ' Trilby.' * * Charies Arnold and W. J, Holloway were appearing afc Johannesburg afc Xmas, Arnold at tho Amphitheatre and Holloway afc the Standard. * * Luscombe Soarelle has given up management in Johannesburg. * * Frank Fillis, the gonial circus proprietor, after doing record business at Capetown, opens in Johannesburg on Tuesday noxt. * * Frank M. Clark's All-Star Combination con tinues at the Adelaide Royal. * * Adelaide Quiz reports that ' Djin-Djin ' is shortly to bo seen at the local Royal. * * The Taylor Carrington Co. was at Broken Hill at latest. * * Hosea Eastou has joinod tho Trilby Tourists at the Brisbane Royal, opening last night. ? * Speed, Delohery, C'raydon, and j Holland are still at the Brisbane Gaiety. * * The Leutou Bros., 'ChineBo Acrobats,' opened at tho Melbourno Opera House last night. * * Dan Barry staged 'The Roll of the Drum' forthe last time at the Melbourne Alexandra last night. ? ? 'Djin-Djin' is still croing strongly at the Melbourne Prinoess's. * * The second edition of it was commenced last night. * * Maud Hobaon, Louis Bradfield, and Charles Ryloy made their first appearance in London after thoir return from their American and Australian tours in ' An Artist's Model ' at Daly's Theatre on December 14 last. * * They were cordially welcomed by their many admirers in the audience. # * The Trilby Tourists will leave Brisbane on a Northern tour on 15th inst. ' ' Grattau Riggs did not leave with the Juvenile Opora Co. ou Wednes day. * * Tho veteran 'Irish Defcoctive,' by the way, is a first-class teller of yarnlets. ? » ' Jimmy ' Bain's benefit in Brisbane was one of the most; succoasful ever brought off in that city. ' ° Clever little Florrie Ranger, now appearing in 'Robinson Crusoe,' was twelve years old last Wednesday. ' ° Wo wish her many happy returns of the day. ? # Fred Dark, wife, aud family loft Melbourne for London in the Ormuz yesterday. 