IN THE WEAK FOTURE. Dramatis Personse. Kate Van Siecle. Fred Van Siecle, her husband. ' A library richly and artistically fur nished, but untidy. An open fireplace, in which the fire needs mending. Books, magazines, and child’s play things lying around on the floor and chairs. 'Walking about and putting to rights some of the disorder and mutter ing untranslatable things is a Man. Man has all the appearance of being married to the New Woman. He is young, fairly good-looking, and discon tented. He glances impatiently at the ■clock, which is getting on to the stroke of nine. At last, flinging himself in a Mr Van S. (with a sigh)—Day’s work done, kid tucked in bed, cook fired—the second this week—household linen put away, and now I suppose (with another deep sigh) a fellow may read his paper. ©, hang it! (with a scowl at a big bas ket on the table) there’s the week’s mending, the kid’s stockings, my regi mentals and Kate’s. (Brightening). Guess I'll bribe tHe coachman to do it. By Jove! The way servants take ad vantage of the new order of things to lleece a fellow! Unless one wants to adopt the famous lapsus linguae of Lady Duberley, "Sans peur et sans culotte,” as a family motto admirably adopted to reveal the rotten condition of one’s clothes and one’s menage,- it’s better to yield up the last cent to these domestic cormorants. (Relapsing into gloom.) What are we coming to, anyway, when women do the work which we can do so much better, and vice versa ? (Getting up and going over to the picture of a charming girl in a silver frame on the mantelpiece). O, Kate, when I married you six years ago I was a fool to think you could resist the influences about you and not become an intellectual ma rionette. (Resuming his chair and un folding his evening paper). I’ll be dash ed if you’re not going the pace of the rest of your sex just because it’s the fashion. (Glancing over the paper he begins to read the following): A SHOCKING AFFAIR. Testerday afternoon a well - dressed and pretty woman was arrested on a street car for winking at a young man -on the opposite seat. The car was full of ladies returning from a Woman’s In dignation Meeting, all of whom appear ed much shocked at the outrage. In less than no time, however, Officers Nel lie Hogan, and Bridget O’Rourke had hustled the unfortunate offender off to police headquarters in the Woman’s new and Improved Patrol Landau. This morning she appeared before Judge Fairly, who mildly and humorously ex plained to the prisoner, that according to the Revised Statutes the nature of her offence was battery and assault, and, he added, “I am disposed to be le nient with you, my dear, you had better try it on an old fellow like me.” "I will, sir,” the prisoner responded, sweetly, and promptly winked at the Judge. Mr Van S. (lays the paper down and laughs)—O, Kate, Kate, Kate! Here’s a case of total depravity for some of our old tabbies’ clubs. Hark! That's Kate, I’ll bet. (As the sudden stopping of a carriage is heard, then the fumbling of a latchkey in the door, and a high pitched, jovial feminine voice singing popular air now in vogue, " She’s the Devil of an Old Girl.” A radiant small woman, charmingly gowned, and in a suspicious gale of good spirits, swishes the portiere back and peeps in; disco vers her husband with a lady's long black silk stocking in one hand, and try ' ing to put a knot in the darning thread). Mrs Van Siecle (pausing in doorway and smiling vaguely and apologetical ly)—Hullo, old boy! Think I was never coming? Mr Van S. (with tentative air wives used to have when they could say things but wouldn’t)—Well, it hardly matters, since you’re here; but aren’t you going to stay? Mrs Van S. (looking at clock' and fid geting about without moving her things)—O, I can’t really. There is a committee meeting on at the club at 9.30, and Mrs Roastem is to call for me in her carriage. But, Fred, dear (laugh ing), you’ve got your thimble on your thumb! Mr Van S. (innocently)—Have I ? Then come here and show me where it ought to go. (Mrs Van Siecle goes over good-naturedly, sits on the arm of his chair; and proceeds to dam her own stocking; Mr Van Siecle, meanwhile, slips his arm around his wife’s waist, and keeps it there). Mr Van S. (coaxingly)—Kitty, must you go out to-night?? Mrs Van S. (with a comical air of im portance)—I must, dearie. Mr Van S.—Somebody put a bee in the old hens’ bonnet? ? Mrs Van S. (bridling)—Old hens, in deed! We’re not like you men, we don’t do everything from spite. (With un concern). We are going to blackball Mrs Haverfling. Mr Van S. (incredulously)—That pret ty little Mrs Haverfling ? What in thunder has she done to you women Mrs Van S.—Really, Fred, you are get ting too bad; thunder—where is the rai son d'etre for thunder in your remarks? Mr Van S. (smiling indulgently)—Lit tle prig! A new pose, eh? Borrowed from Miss Primly no doubt. Give it back to her to-morrow. I’d almost ra ther have you fast; smoke, swear, drink and say, "Hullo, old man!” as you did awhile ago. Mrs Van S. (indignantly)—I? I never did. You're dreaming, Fred (smiling). . Mr Van S. (giving In, weakly)—Per haps. If sb; don’t wake me. Stay where you are, Kitty, and let the old tabbies have their little wrangle without you, for one night. Do you knotv, my dear, I’m in a very bad way, morally and mentally, and I need one whole female missionary all to myself (looking hypo critically woe-begone)! Mrs Van S. (in a superior tone)— Really, my dear boy, you are very un reasonable to-night. Your nerves are overwrought; you stay indoors too much you ought to get the doctor to give you a tonic to-morrow—something to brace you. I am not surprised that you should fail to see that Mrs Haverfling is a menace to society, sheltered as you are from the knowledge of evil. Why, mar riage as an institution is threatened, so long as we tolerate her, and we have to protect the virtue of our husbands and sons. So they said this afternoon at the Club for the Protection and Elevation of Fallen Men. Mr Van S. (laughing immoderately, then sobering up, as he looks at his wife)—What is the specific nature of her crime? Mrs Van S. (airily)—O, I don’t know, but they say at the club that she has always got a string of young fellows in tow, and the unmarried girls never have a ghost of a chance. And every one knows that Granville Smith is head over ears in love with her, and she openly encourages him, and they say at the club that he broke his engagement since he met her. Mr Van S.~'Whose affair is that, I d like to know, but his and the girl’s. Mrs Van S. (smiling)—It seems to be a case for the S.P.B.F.M., for at ^ our meeting this afternoon it was decided mot to ask him to our houses any more. Mr Van S.—O, ye sods! Granville a fallen man! Well, that’s rich! i Mrs Van S.—It’s perfectly horrid, Fred, and besides, they made me a com mittee of one to point out to him the er ror of his ways. Mr Van S. (laughingly)—And you are going to do it? Mrs Van S. (embarrassed)—I have done so—O, I mean—well, let me tell you how it was. I wanted to get the nasty affair over, so I went round at once with Miss Primly, who remained in the carriage while I went up. Mr Van S.—And you, Kate, told him he was a moral leper, a whited sepul chre, and a few other choice,things from the S.P.E.F.M. vocabulary? Kate, I'm ashamed of you, Mrs Van S.—Can’t you let me tell it my own way (impatiently)? I don’t be lieve I'll tell you at alKgetting up and walking over to the tire). Mr Van S.—There, Kitty, I am all pen itence. Come back and tell me what happened. Mrs Van S. (mollified)—I was rather awkward, you know, and so I talked of the weather, the last german, the play —anything to break the ice. He had his most provoking smile on, anyway—but, I say, Fred (getting up suddenly and standing in front of him),'do you like my new gown? Kir Van S.—It's ripping, Kate. Mrs Van S. (alarmed)—Where, Fred? O, I see. That’s pretty nearly what Granville said. Mr Van S.—Confound the fellow ! What business is it of his to make re marks about my wife's clothes? Mrs Van S. (soothingly)—Don’t.be a jealous hubby, now. 'All he did wits to look me over in his critical way and re mark: "What a knowing frock you’ve got on, Mrs Van Siecle,’ and you see, Fred, after that I couldn’t say anything about his moral delinquencies, and it ended with my asking him to dine with us to-morrow. Mr Van S.—Kate, what a mess you’ve got into with the S.P.E.F.M. They’ll throw you out. Mrs Van S.—I wish to heavens they would, or get some of their old, har dened members to do their mission work, for, frankly, I don’t feel as prick ly as a hedgehog with virtues. Mr Van S.—Then why don’t you cut the whole business, Kate? I should think one bad man at home was enough for the energies of any average decent married woman. Mr Van S. (slowly)—I sometimes feel like it; but, you see, dear, it’s the new thing nowadays for women to belong to half a dozen clubs, and I can’t be out of fashion; now can I? Mr Van S. (yawning)—I suppose not. Where did you dine? Mrs Van S. (with a shifting glance)— Our Club for the Study of Bracliiopods met at five, and it was too late to come home after that, and so, well—I—we went to the Girl Bachelors’ for dinner. Mr Van S. (severely)—Kitty,look me in the eye. You’ve been drinking again. I know the report that club has for cock tails. Mrs Van S. (defiantly)—What if I have? Can’t a fell—girl have a cock tail or two before dinner without her husband making a horrid fuss about it? Mr Van S. (puzzled)—How many, did you say? Mrs Van S. (recklessly)—It may have been nine, or perhaps twenty, or I shouldn’t wonder if it were a hundred. Beally, I don’t remember. (An omi nous pause). Now, Fred, don’t look so glum. You know they all do it, and I would be thought not a good fel—jolly old girl, if I didn’t join them, just in the way of sociability, you know. Mr Van S. (nodding wisely)—I under stand. I. used to hear my father say the same thing to my mether. Mrs Van S. (brightening)—You are such a dear old boy, Fred, and never nag a girl. Do you know (with an air of candor) I pity wives -who can’t come home and tell their husbands every thing they know. (She pats his head and pinches his ear, and pulls his hair, and finally wins a little smile of truce.) But, Fred, dear, what have you done all day? Mr Van S. (indifferently)—O,the usual dull rounds of household cares. (Be gins to poke the fire.) Ethel looked feverish to-night. Mrs Van S. (jumping up excitedly)— Why didn’t you tell me before? My child hase been ill, perhaps dying, while you allow me to sit and gossip for hours. That’s like a man! I, at all events, have the heart of mother. (Sailing out of the room magnificently.) Mr Van S. (looking after her and chuckling)—There’s nothing the matter with the youngster, but I want Kate to stay at home to-night. (Meditatively.) How pretty she is! (A pause.) Con found their clubs and their drivelling reforms. (Wratlifully.) That a man can’t see his wife once in a while! IPs enough to drive a fellow to other men’s more accessible ones. (Lights a cigar ette and sits moodily before the fire. Mrs Van Siecle comes in quietly with her wraps off, and stands behind her husband’s chair.) Hadn’t we better send for the doctor, Kate? Mrs Van S. (quietly)—She’s not ill, Fred, and you know it, too; but I am not going out to-night. (Penitently.) I’ve had a change of heart. Mr Van S. (drawing his wife on to his ltnee.)You old dear, and a change of base too. Then we’ll celebrate. But what’s the matter, you look so sober? Mrs Van S—Fred, tell me, have I neg lected Ethel or you? Mr Van S. (gently)—We have both missed you, dear, if that’s what you mean, but I haven’t complained, have 3 Van S. (smiling)—No, deal’, you been an uncomplaining and do le husband, and I never thought I really needed, Ethel has just given hint. Van S—Ethel! How? 3 Van S.—The little darling open er eyes, stretched, yawned, and d at me, and at last threw her around my neck and said she was ad it was Sunday, as she had her my then. Fred, is it as bad as all ■ (Beginning to cry.) Van S.—Never mind, Kitty, you make it Sunday every day if you to, you know. Van S. (with’ determination)— I will. I decline to be your hus any longer! Van S. (boyishly)—Bully! But about your clubs, Kitty? 3 Van S. (heroically)—The S.P.E. can peg along without me. I ve ne F.M. of my own to elevate; and ,r the Society for Making Pocket ikerchiefs for the Zulus, I don’t in the least whether they’ve got ! to wipe or not. Van S.—I’d hang on to something, Van s.—Well, it won’t be the noses, at all events, Fred. What i say to the Club for Deciphering psests? It’s ultra-swagger, and > belongs to learn anything. They neet once a month. Besides, a 1 all the work, and the rest of us d to listen and look at the others pTn3S.-That’s the club for you, Van S—I shall sand in my re on. to all the others to-morrow, f you teach me how to cook, and and spank the baby, and promise ’ery patient— . fan S—I shall open a class in domestic economy, limited to one pupil. Mrs Van S.—And, O, put your ear down till X whisper it, Fred; I always hated cocktails and stiff collars. Mr Van S.—Don’t be rash, ICate. (Get ting up and going to a mysterious cup board under the book-shelves, from which he unearths a chafing dish, bis cuits, cheese, some bottles, etc.) I am going to cook my last meal, and we’ll drink a cocktail to the health of the “Emancipated Woman.” Mrs Van S.—And Man. (Tableau.) (Curtain.) “Chicago Tribune.” 