THE WEEK IN THE SOUTH. (FBOM OUB OWN COHBEBPONDENT ) HOBABT, Thub6dav— Mr 0. H. Grant is allowed by many who know him to bo a ahrewd, far-sccing man, Like moBt people who dabble is public affairs, he has a little spare time to devote to some ot the social problems of the day. Tbc subject tbat he took up in tbe Legislative Council the other day waB the all- round one of ' depression,' TL« boo. member for Hobart believes tbat | * lot of tbis is due to tbo backbone or onr artisans leaving the colony for new fields. To a certain extent be is right. Thca^ of our tradesmen who had anv surplus coin shook the duet ot Hobart eff their heels long ?go, and o| course the establishments and ?ubs. (hey patronised feel their absence, hose who are left behind are what the Premier In one of his merry moods would call stone-brokers, or, to uee a more decent term, individuals who have mistaken their calling from a want of early knowlm-ge* Early knowledge is a very valuable capital witb which to Bet forth in life. It gives one an advantageous start. One must taku for granted that Mr Grant possessed a fiir ?hare of this when he started to prospect Tasmania, otherwise he would nt ver occupy the position be docs at present on the lloot of tbe Legislative Council ladlicg out advice to tbe conntry generally. Early knowledge is important to enable one in ecbsoo to feci his own strength and skirt round for draughts of Cascade when the weather is warm and one baB not the price of a pint in his pocket, Hobart, the once brilliant Hobart, tbe capital of the colony, with the Houee of Parliament meeting once a year, ib truly in a bad et&te.; It carries at present more «»l *TH tn thn (.niinh. foot than anv blace its size in the British dominionB. Men who might have acted a brilliant part in the pursuits for which they were made, but who now seem doomed through life to tbc repel* ling employment of sticking up those tbey have known at every conceivable opp.r tunity for a modest sixpence or an un pretending shilling. These are not the bone and sinew of the place referred to by Mr Grant. These are stone-brokers, or uead beaters, men who had gone hu og bcc&use; tbey did not possess sufficient knowledge when young to direct their energi.s in the right course. Life is too short, tbey tell yon, to climb back to the stepping stone of labor. These worthies, shortly put, are nuisanccs to society and humanity and curses to themselves. The Benevolent Society had an exhibit of 160 of. them last week, and their capacity to rise in excellence and glory in tbc wood yard of tbe depot could be gauged by &om-;^ of them t&)Bng exception to billeting blocks for nothing else but tucker. Men who are afraid to rain their physical constitution with hard work arc left to ns. The busy bees of thu hive bave left ub. There are fewer cisb pur chasers of Oascadc than ever there wtrc, and this, alas, is the cause, or one of the causes, of the depression in the winter of ninety, six, Two or three gentlemen belonging to a local spiritist society had a reugb time of it the other evening- They started to Hod tbe ghost with the aid of a camera tbat wae warranted to spot spirits and other in habitants of the astral plane if tbey ch'inc d to be wandering about within the range nf th* fnrnsistnff lens. Ther hro:d the camera on one of the eminences on the southern slope cf tbe Military Barracks, and tbe lens w&6 told to look for a shadowy being. The camera rcfus-.-d to obey orders* because it couldn't, aud the part;. , after three hours' focussing, tinisbe ! up the evening in a neighboring ??pub.' Thy rieuii of the night's proc edings was thai all the spiritists got tight on spiri'a, i h.- camera wub smashed np, and a big slate was put up ht « my host's.' Ghost huctirg is uot at all the profitable game tbat many think it is. The Premier has told the Legislative Cuun ell people that when they go to Government House they muBt ride in a cab, and not in a carriage, which the State would pay fur. The Legislative people consider euch a r- - quest prepoBterous, aud tbe way ia which they treat it was evi-Jenced b: tbe way in which Messrs. Page and Boiler proceeded to the vice-regal residence with the a Idressln reply. Therearenottwo better judgesof horse flesh inthecolonits than the two hon. gentle men, end the pair that they hired.would bave graced a State ceremonial. The car riage was an elegant barouchc, and seated on tbe box handling the ribbons was one of the leading city Jehus attired in blue and white livery. Beside him fa-, the misBcnger of the Oouncil in his best uniform, aud when tbc whole concern rolled down Mac- , qoarie-street with its freight it attracted I the attention it deserved. ' What will Braddon say ? 1 said a Civil servant io one of the mesBengers (an old soldier, by tbe wa\\), ' What can he eay ? ' wae the reply. ?? If a thing iB worth doing it is worth duing \\\\\li. No one knows that better tfian Alf. Page. You don't suppose he is going to sit behind a pair of scrags when he is on Government duty,' ' Bat what about the doctor ? ' 11 Well, he holds the Eame views as Alfred j you don't think if you wanted your leg taken off he would use tomahawk ? ' The turn-out cost a guinea, and it was cheap for the money. Metropolitan drainage it looked upon by the ratepayers as a sort of luxury for which they can ill afford to pay. Take Hobart as a Tftle it envoys high health. If it don't, well the Government Statistician does not state what ia absolutely coirect. Tbe literary activity displayed by Mr Alfred Mault, the secretary of the Central Board of Ileal' b, in the interests of metiopolilau drainage is something enormous, lli-caiured people t- 11 one that he is trying to initiate 1 he scheme as a sort of road to ambition. Nothing of tuc kind. He is simply endeavoring vo intro duce it as a means of usefulness tad a source against disease. One iB afraid that Mr Mault is cultivating hisintell-.ciusl faculties in a wrong direction. The people won't be educated to deep drainage ia these ti'ues at any figure. It is not a bit of use fur the Central Board of Health's secretary trying to take the medal for the best set of plans io arteriatfse the city with sewers. The cit-z:ns have no munev. Another objection to Lhe scheme is the want of water. Last flunnmr we had barely sufficient for ho nr.- cousumn tion. This season, from the present coutfi tion of the waterworks, we doa\ t-xpect more. Tbe Draicage Bill will get a shoit shrift when it is introdoccd to Parliament. Dr. Sprott, tbe chief h'.alth officer, ii popularising himself with the cu;zjiib. Hk grasped the right end of tbc etick when he took office, and up to the present, by tbe exercise of tact and discretion, he h-s steered clear of the shoals of offence. He read an excellent paper or trca'.ise on the ?mall'pox prevention by means of vaccina tion the other eveuing at the Technical School, which should increase the emu uf useful knowledge among the non-mcdical who care to know bow to fortify the holy against the ravages of a t/rriMe ecoarc-. i Tbe paper was a most thoughtful one of icc ! kind, and really ehould be rcai by uii | who wish to get acquainted witb something that was a scalud book to them. One knows I t-hat many pttople disagree about the ncces- ! sity of vaccination ir. small pes ; but tbos.: I who debated the doctor's paper wb-n! he read it at & mectiug of St, Andrew's Literary Society knew aB much about email fox and its prevention as a cow did of repor ting a concert. All the anti-vaccinatiocis.s | were wrong in their rematks and conclusion?. What the doctor put forth was baswd on reason and sound sccbc, and tb-rcforc il ie better to peruse and believe ti-is than tLc ?peculations of Bomc individuals who r.ot iu- I frequently draw on their imaginations for facts to mystify and pcrplux tbe public. When a clever member of tb-- medieil pru lcssion descants earnestly uud intelligently to a lorm oi qib-ebc vnai a-jpa:e xne stoutest heart, and who is qualified to speak authori tatively, from observation ana experience, he shonld be listened to, and his counsels given some heed to. A humorous phase was intro^uccdiutothc debate which is worth repetition. A gentle aan who was supporting the doctor'* paper for all it was worth rela'.cd a:- incident tbut came within his own observation. He bad net a Itkiy in the city— one of the moat Strong-minded women in Hohari, bo lie (old the audicnce— and she told him straight that ?he would not allow one of her children to bo vaccinated for tbc wealth of the worl ?. Shortly After that small - broke out in Launceston, aod he ug-tin intc-. viewed tbe strong minded female. ' Do you really believe tbat vaccinatiou will pr\i ▼ent the disease, Mr So-and-so?' ss»id siie. '3 do,' was lhe reply. 'Tntn I'll s n : Henry round lo 1 he doctor nt oner-.' Suie enough, Henry, who was bvr be:ter half, was sent round for a dose of the lancet, and, *he lymph taking, the 6trong-mindcd lady waB one of the happiest women in Tasmania for the time being, 