A MOTHiER'S SIN; OR The Northcombe Mystery, By' CHARLxd GanDWooD, CHAPTER V. a?s BOOTtER'S rISS. It was the time of roses. Roses of every description, and of every hue. filled the air with their sweet fregranre. A bunch of white cl.eter-rses luxurnrantly overgrew tie trelli-.arch above the wicket gate which led from the flower-gardens leto the pod d?ck An avenue of standard roses damask. creamy, white and golden-opened before the drawing-room windows. A gra.d Mredshal Niel spread over htlf a wall; a cl.mp of tiny yellow Scotch roses bloomed at one side, a bunch of moss-roses at the other, and inthegarden the trim parlour-maid at Flag-post Cottaer moved here and there amongst the trees. and filled her bak.et with the brighest and best for the va?es in the COttage rooms. The old eilhr had been of the opinion that planting fruit-trees was planting for heirs or snocessore, and had larished upon his garden the money and care which most men would have wasted upon inhospitable walls and oxtravagant greenhonsee. So he had planted roses everywhere, and lived and died surnonnded by their beauty, baying his apricots, peeohes, and nectarines for a tithe of the sum he might have expended in attempting to grow them. In the time of roses there wore few fairer sones than the garden upon which Captain Cardlngton looked out as he opened his bedroom window on the first morning following his return to hie home after his cruise in the " Midge " To his eyes, wearied with the continual outlook upon the sea, or the circumscribed area of his own ship, Eoch a pictore was pleasant, and he stood a moment at the window to enjoy the scene. The dainty figure of Phyllis, as, unconscious of his eyes, she snipped the roses, contributed perhaps to its completeness for Captaln Dick. Though often erroneously credited with misogynist convictions, he was not utterly removed above the admiration which, if Homer is to be believed, worked havoc in the breast of Achilles, Ajax, Agamemnon, and probably many other heroes, although his admiration went only to the point of conlenting to the thought that from an artistto view the picture was the brighter for the presence in it of a comely young English maid. Suddenly a shadow seemed to fall upon the scene. Was It fan-y, or was it fact, that the sun passed behind a cloud and the sea darkened in the distance, as, dressed in a plain black dress, unrelieved by any vestige of colour, walking slowly with eyes bent upon the ground, her hands Iocked behind her, 3M.rgaret, with a weary, white face, came down the garden path wishing Phyllis "Good morning," and passed on to the flag- I "b I" he said to himself, "poor Meg I I had almost forgotten her for the moment. I suppo"e it is her doing, that the flag is bhalf-mast I would give a good deal to get out of the duty of telling her about Jock." In half an hour's time, Dick met his consin In the breakfast-room. "Well, Meg," he said, uneasily, " hero I I am again, you see, returned like the pro- I verbial bad penny. I hope )on are quite 1 well; but I am afraid that you have not yet altogether got over the illness of which my i mother was telling me last night." "I am very glad to see you home again, I Dick," she answered, in a low, nervous 1 vole, disregarding his question. Then her eyes met his, gszed steadily into his for a moment as if she were searching his soul for I the answer to some question which she dared notexpressin words. He merely pressed her hand, and the action, slight as it was, seemed to carry some expected meaning for her. for she turned sway with her oyes tilled with tears. It is not to be wondered at that breakfast that morning was, with euoh a begioning, rather a disagreeable meal for both of them, and it was with relief that Captain Carding ton rose at its Csnclueion. and lighting his cigar, strolled out into the garden. Quite naturally be found his way to the old seilor's seat, and sat looking laily upon the sea, watching with considerable interest a small plesnsre-yacht tacking to make Northoombe Bay. So Intent was he upon this occnpation, and the enjoyment of the Iotffa'r niente, that he did not notice that Margaset had followed him from the house. She stood for a moment with her eyes turned towards the sea, and then came to wards him, and, as he rose, sat down on the seat he offered her, and motioned to him to resume his place. 'I am so pleased to Eee you bark, safe and sound," she said, "and aunt is so de lighted, and so proud of youen. But, Dick, do forgive all my selfishnese. I cannot help It, but you well know what I feel." " Poor Meg," he said, gently, " I do feel for you, with all my heart. I wish"-and as he spoke, he rose impulsively, and jerked the remainder of his cigar several yards away from him-" I wish that I had gone instead of Jack, and he wore here in my plaoe." "Don't say that, Dick. We are all so thankful that you have come home." "After all," he said, "we must remember that there is still an uneortainty in your favour. We have no definite proof---" ",Proof I Oh, Dick I what oould bea more certain than the terrible proof of his silence s It ia now so many months since it happened, and if he had been saved, he would surely have writteln." "'Ah, that is just what I cannot under stand." "Let as not build upon anything so Im probable. She remained silent for a fewv minutes. SDick," .e said at length, ' will youn tell me in your own words how it happened!" " "I am afraid," he began pulling himself together for a most onwelcome trak, " that I cannot tell you much more than you have already heard. We were nailing in very treaheroos water, and had to on along eoandingat every few yardo. The officer of the watch drew my attention to an object some distances away. which he believed to be a ship of some tort, fast upon a rock. As we watched it, several others came to us, and all agreed that the ship was pretty well wrecaked. I took the oeffioers aside, and when we talked it over, we all realied that to get to it wonuld be a difficult job. We went into-my cabin and carefully over. hauled the charts, and nearly all-- except, I think, myself and Jack-thought the thing wou!d be impoible. I felt, however, that we ought to tre it, and Jock stood op, and said that if I spoke the word, and the men were willing, he would go. Well, my duty was to remain on my ship, and resieg that lack was the man for the job, and really be lieving that it was psolbie, I told him to t~bo a gig and man it with volnnteere, nd to try to make for the wreck. O?aogh men were ready to co with Jank, for he woe im mensely popular with them all, and I be lleve that thoy weold have rowed him into Sthe Maelarom itself if he had told them to do i. saw that they had enoogh provio sinos, and we aveR them a hearty oher so they fell away. You know what happened. They got to the .reck, foond men on board, and shipped them as tast as they e?u?d; and, while Jaok w's cn deck, the ship wont down. Ocr men lay by for an hoor or two, and picked op one or two more men; but no J3ec. They say ibr t some of the men found the ship's boat bottom upwards, and got away, and were afterwards pikokd up. But if Jack wee not amougt them, I am afraid that there to no hope. And it he had been with them we should oertaonly have heard nomethiOg lung ago. If he is deal, poor fellow, he died as a true, brave English sailor and guntlemau, at his post, and the navy never lost a better sod smarter oficoer. I loved him as my own brother." Capasin Cardiogton'a voice faltered, and nolearly spoke with very great emotion. With his last words, he graspod her hand and walked away for a few pacee, while Mlargaret returned slowly to the house. Captain Dick cnogratnlahed himself that attsk was ended, But the morning was not to pass without a second interview, which occasioned him the greatest consterna tion. Ilo was a little surprised presently to find bis mother beside him in the garden, and perhaps not a little pleased, attributing the circumstance to her affection for himself and her delight at his return; Drawing her arm within his own, and stooping down to kiss her, he led her to a seat in a shady place. Much to his bewilderment, his mother had no sooner reached the place 1 than she gave way to an attack of " nerves," whloh seemed to be attended by consider able trepidation and hysterleal sobs. Margaret was better accustomed than he to his mother s infirmities, and he was on the 1 point of running to the house to call her, when Mrs Cardington recovered her con trol of her nerves as suddenly as she had loot it, and requested him not to leave her. She said "PYou see, my dear boy, that your old mother is not no strong as she used to be. The least exertion seems to leave me pros trate." A less genu!ne and sophisticated man than Captain D ok might have found In these words no more than a feeler for that con stant stimulant of sympathy which had be ,omoanecessitytohor. Hedid,perhaps,the worst thing possible, took her word as a matter of course, and suggested medical advice. Mrs Cardington rejected the aug gestion with an injured air, and in cold, measured words began to speak of the matter in her mind. "You have been talking to Margaret." she said. "I eaw yon from my window. Oh, Dick, I do pity that poor girl." "Yes, mother, you may well do that. Her case is awfully hard." "We have no tidings," she continued; but the words were so acentuated as to amount to a question, and were followed up by a quick searching glance at her son's face. "None whatever," he replied. "Poor Jack, I am afraid, is lost." " Lost I' She repeated the nerd slowly and thoughtfully. " Do you mean dead, Dick f" " I am afraid so. We should have heard oug ago if it were not so." "And tee have not heard P" "Then you think we must no longer entertain any-any hope of his return P'" "There's not a doubt about it now." "Thank Heaven Il" she said, almoei in audibly. "Mother i" cried Dick, startled and in dignant. "I mean," she returned, in her former unimpassioned tones, "that it is much better o. This suspense was too terrible. It was telling on my spirits. It has almost billed Margaret. SometimesI have feared that it was destroying her reason. We a ought now to be grateful that we know the worst. Ah! poor child, what a dear girl she is, Dick I" "Tee, hero is a very sweet and affec tionate dispositien." "I am so glad that you think so. I like to heor her praises. She iso reserved and oo saddened that people often de not do her justice, but think her cold and awkward. lam glad that you see the beauty of her character." Mrs Cardington fanned herself. "I love her asno my own child. I am sure hat she could not have a happier home than with me. It would bh a great blow to me if she left us." "Well, I don't suppose there is much chance of that now. If she had married Jack, she would, of course, have set up an establishment of her own, but now that is all out of the way." "a But," said irs Oardington, gravely, I "she does talk of lowving us. She says I that life is too empty for her here, and she must choose out a career for herself. She wants to do good, and even talks of going into a sisterhood." "A sisterhood ! Why, she's not a Roman Catholic, but an English Church woman." " Yes, but they have these sort of things in the English Church nowadays: Mrs Wallace has been putting it into her heed." Captain Dick broke out in an impolite though perhaps naval explosion, in which Mrs Wallace and her s ggestion fared badly. His mother smiled, but said "Hush I" "That must never be," he said, more quietly, recollecting himself. "I quite agree with you. The dear girl must not be allowed to moon." " I tell you what," said Cardington. " If I were you I would have Molly Ingram down for a bit." "That awful woman I Is she exaotly ahem--?omme ilfaut, Dick P' "I don't know. She's a good sort of woman, with a hard head, and can see through a brick wall as easily as most people." a'I don't think I should care about it, Dick. I don't like unconventional young women." "Well, I would try, if I were you. I'll undertake that you'll hear no more of the sisterhood business, if you do." "It might be worth trying:" said Mrs Cardington, meditatively. "But this Is not what I want to Fay to youen this morn ing. Dick," and Mrs Cardington's voice trembled. " If Margaret goes, it means ruin for me I" "I don't see that, Meg won't turn you out, and if she does, I think I could give you enough to live upon now." "It's not that, Dick. It's worse-far wors? I" "Mother 1" "Yees," said Mrs Cardington, "the day Meg leaves me will mean my ruin. Do not ask me to explain. Some day you will know, and then you will hate your miserable mother. I have been foolish, wicked, and my sin will find me out. Oh, Dick, pity mne, forgive me, save me l Don't epprn your mother away from youn !" and throwing herseef upon hip and clasping his arm, she cried passionately, "Save me! "HMother, this is extraordinary. What am I to understand F" " I cannot toll you a but you can save me l" "From what I' " Shame-disgrace--ruin I" "How P" She looked ap into his face and laughed. She kissed him. There was a fever on her lips which flashed his face, for somehow that khs brought with it a sense of shame, That a man should ever feel shame at a mother's kiss! And then she laughed again, and patted his cheeks with her muring bedecked hands, as if she were playing with a child, bearded man though he was. "The day," she whispered, "on which you marry Margaret I shall be safe, I shall breathe freely again then." Captain Cerdington broke awory from his mother's embrace, and rushed from her presence. CHaPTIIR VI. THE ELExIEhT OF or STEITY. Away from his mother's embraces, with a novel sense of shame burning his cheeks, sa~ with deep be.,lderment tn his mind, walked Captain Dick, without pausing to turn to loeek round, s his mother, leaning eoa?vily'up?n her daintylco!d-headed prarsol stick, slowly retraced her steps to the house, with her eyes bent upon the ground, looking for once her foil age. How was e to understand this ob?eure rovelation which had been made to him P She was evidently involved in some secret trouble whiph he was not able to gangeP And how was it possible for him to release her in the manner she had sug gested? Could he, Jack's loyal friend,' ever dare to cefr himself for the vacant place in Margaret's heart, even supposing that it had became possible for her to so far forget the lost Jover as to listen to the The instinct of the son was strong with in him, and had any voice whispered to him the passibility of his reenuing her from the \- nonsquences of some indiscretion or error by an act of aelf-.aorifire. he would grate fullyhave obeyd the voIce, however great the coslt imposed upon him, As it wae the 1 . ,. . voices were silent, as usual, and he was left with a new sense of responsibility upon him, and with a vague dread of some indefinite element of mystery which seemed to have been introduced into the ordinarily placid and uneventful life at the Cottage, and which could only be expelled by a plunge into some uncertain course of conduct such as a Eailor, accustomed to steer by his 4 chart, must naturally regard with mis givings and dislike. A long walk along the eliff failed to bring him any clearer I views cf what it behoved him to do, but only confirmed his conviction that if his marriage with Margaret was the on'ysolu tion of tLis problem, it was out of the qu-s tion. He was always strictly hon-st wit" himself, and never nunred the delusion that he was invincible. Margaret, he knew, looked upon him with sisterly rather than cousinly kindness; but he knew that she could never love him as she had loved Jack, even if he himself, as the summer days went on, were to fall in love with her. "No," he said emphatically, to himself, "that is absolutely beyond the range." Mrs Cirdingtoa did not revert to the subject of her converaatimn with her son, and for some days they had hardly met, save at dinner and in the drawing-room aftorwards, when Margaret was generally present. Their manner was certainly noticed by her to be rather constrained and formal; but they were never demonstra tive, and their efforts to maintain a decent show of mutual interest and eymnathv did not occur to her to be unusual. Mrs Card ington seemed to have relapand into the complacent and self-concontratod enjoy ment of her novels and her little selfish neas; and probably her son would have come to regard the scene in the garden as a mere hysterical display of feeling on the part of one whose thoughts were deeply cteeped in the unreality of the world of fiction in which she habitually lived, had not a slight occurrence once more revived his bewilderment. He had risen at a very early hour one splendid morning, and hastily dressed in his flannels, with the intention of going out for adip in the eBa, The servants were not up, and the front door was strongly barred and bolted. Nt wishing to disturb the house, he quietly opened one of the French windows of the drawing-room and stepped out into the garden. His bathe might have been obtained from shore in front of the house, for the old sailor had not only cut a sig-zag path down the face of the cliff, but had also, at a considerable oat, oleared away the rooks to make a narrow causeway of sand and shingle for his own convenience wh-n de eirous of bathing, and also for the passage of a emall boat, which he kept in a great fissure or cave in the cliff just underneath thl flig-poe'. But two miles away beyond the villaga was an attractive bay with a( beach of soft sand, and Captain Dick took his way thither, enjoyed his bathe, and at I for half an hour on the shore in the sun- a shine reading a book which he had taken with him in his pooket. His way home led through the village, and as he passed along the straggling street he saw a figure come quiokly out of the post-: fil e and turn I up the street in the direction of Flag-post Cottage. Now, unless his eyes deceived him, that was the figure of his mother, and this was a surprising fact. His mother sever got up until eleven or twelve o'clock, except under very exceptional circumstances, as when she had sought the interview with him in the garden. Ho went into the post-<ffi:e. It was the general shop of the village, and he often purchased tobacio here. The tradesman was just engaged in dlivering the morning letters to the postman; but was not so busy that he cnuld not spare a moment for a word cr two with the " Captsin," as Dick was generally called in Northoombe, 1' Morning, sir," he eaid, as Captain Dick entered. " Good morning, Carey. Have you any 'Gold Flake' I" "Yes, air. I had some in yesterday, so it is quita fresh. How much, air "P " Oh. half a dozen ounce packets will do. It's a fine morning. I've been down for a batho. You've had an early customer." " Yes, sir. Mra Cardington sometimes steps down on fine mornings for the let. ters. Mostly, the old servant comcs; but she's been away just a fortnight, they tell me, and the mistress has been down every morning. A wonderful old lady, your mother, sir. Ah, early rising is a groat thing for the health 1" Here was nsecondsnrprise. Hanaah, to his certain knowledge, was at the C)ttage. " Doesn't your man deliver letters at the Cottage I" he asked. "Not since Mrs Carilngton stopped him You see, sir, he goes round by the top road to the Castle firat; and Mrs Car dington said she would like to have the letters earlier, and by sending down you have them an hour and a half earlier." SOh, I see. Well, good morning, Carey. I'll just overtake my mother." " Good morning, sir, and thauk you." He hurried after his mother; but either Mra Cardmgton had walked with preter natural rapidity, or she had stopped at some house on the way; for when he reached the bend of the road, where he could command its whole length up to the gates which opened into the drive, there was not a human being to be seen. It was impossible for her to have already reached the gates, unless she had gone at a running pace-and that was out of the question. He decided that she had stopped somewhere on the way, and sat down on a gate to wait for her, But when upwards of half an hour had passed, and no Mrs Cardington appeared, he went on to the hnuse, and found the front door open and Hannah in the hall. " Has my mother come in P" he asked. Hannah stared at him in amazement. "My mistress is in bed, sir. She has had a very bad night, and will not get up until luncheon." He gazed at her in blank, speechless astonishment. An excalamation of ,impa tienca at the bare-faced falsehood by which she was trying to impose upon him almoEt escaped from his lips; but he checked himself and turned angrily away. " What, in the name of all that is reason able, am I to understand by all this ?" he asked himself. It is only fair to explain that the main road to the gates and the carriage-drive did not constitute the sole approach to the Cottage. There was another way but Captain Dick was net likely to re member it, or, if he remembered it, to entertain the possibility of its being used by his mother. If, instead of pursuing the main road, she turned sharp to the left fifty yards from the poat-cfie, she could take a lane, a narrow Devonshire lane, which led otraight down a gorge, or gully, to the shore, and was soldom used cxcept by farmers who were carting seaweed or shingle, Then by climbing a steep bank she could enter the woods which filled up the space along the coast between the village east and the Cottage west, and between the highroad north and the sea south. These wooss swept along to the very edge of the clffI, and reached to a point within a hundred yards of the Csttage gardens, from which they were divided by a paddock and a high wall. But in the wall was a door, which opened into a shrubbery. Mrs Cardington took a path throngh the woods whioh was prob ably hardly ever trodden upon save by the coastguardsmen, croosed the paddock, and passed through this doer, the key of which she carried. Then instead of taking a path through the shrubbery whioh would have brought her to the oarriage- drive close to the front-door, she oushed aside some bushes and came to the front of the turret, in which was a emall door completely hidden by the luxuriant growth of evergreens. This door she also unlocked, and olimbing a stone ppiral stair case to the top of the tower, opened another door, and found herselL in what nas known as the " Admiral's Boom," Prebably Captain Dick had forgotten this entrance long ago. It was supposed to hvea been inventel Bs a means of eascsp 'n case of fire. Once, many years ago, be had found his way from the "Admiral's Boom," and had noticed the door, and then bad gone down the stairease still lower and discovered a second door, which led no one know whither. But his mother had never since the time when she first took up her residence at the Cottage, when he was eighteen and Margaret three, allowed the keys of the tower to pass out of her own possessloo, doubtless thinking that an op. portunity for secret expeditions or aesigna tions might be opened either for her son or the servants if she did so. That his mother should make use of a secret entrance never entered hie unnspilonus mind. By en effort of will, befolo he had finished dressing, he dismissed the whole matter from his thoughts, and determined that he would emancipate himself from the oppres. sivo influence of the presence of some element of mystery at the cottage whloh had begun to spoil his enjoyment of his stay on shore. At breakfast Margaret's face was a little brighter than he had seen it of late. She had had a letter from Molly, who said she would come to spend August with them at the Cottage. Margaret was full of delight. fall antilipation of this visit, and re marked "Isn't it good of aunt to let me have her here ? I know she does not think she will like her; but I am sure that Molly will soon get into her good books. We must get up some expeditions for her," "By all means," said Dick. "But what do you say to our having one of our old walks to ' Ragged Oaetle' to-day ? It's too fine a day to hang about hero all the time." "I could go after luncheon," said Mar garet, This was surely a stop in the r!ght direo tion. If he could only get Margaret to oheer up a little, life would be lees heavy for him as well as for her, and Dick was beginning to find things rather slow. Mrs Cardington beamed approvingly on the proposition, and Margaret took out her sketch-book for the first time that summer. "Ragged Castle" was an old ivy- clad tower, which stood on the edge of Hiltl borough Park, about two miles north of Flag.post Cottage. The park belonged to a young nobleman, who had three other homes and a yacht, and seldom disturbed the quietude of his Devonshire castleo. His house in London, his shouting-box in Soot. land, and his hunting-box in Leicestershiro, carried him pretty well through the year, and a month or two at Hillboroagh was as much as he could ordinarily manage. When they reoohed the rain they sat down, and while Margaret sketched Dick tried to amuse her by descaribing some of the more amusing incidents of his voyage. He was just congratulating him. self upon at last succeeding in making her laugh by his most humorous story, when an interruption occurred by the arrival upon the scene of a lady and gentleman, the farmer of whom held up an eyeglass and atudied the plotnresque, unconsoious of the presence of strangers. "Charming I" they heard her saying. "A most respectable old ruin. It only wants the ghosts of your ancestors to make it com pleto. " I am afraid I can't make them walk out for your benefit by daylight, Mrs Foyle. But here, if I am not mistaken, is a rather pretty girl, who will posalbly be as accept able." This sentence was spoken In an undertone, and the gentleman advanced and took off his hat. "I thought I could not be mistaken," he said. "How do you do, Miss Grantham How are you, Cardlngton !" Captain Dick sprang up. "It's Lord Gharlbry ? And can I be lieve my eyes," he continued, "Mrs Foyle I" " It is Mrs Foyle," said the lady laughing. "Oh, you know one another " said young Lord Charlbury. "How the - but, of course, youvo met abroad somewhere ?" "Jost so; at Gibraltar, Halifax, the Cape, and Colombo. Mrs Foyle is cos mopo itan, and I have come across her or heard of her pretty well all round the globe." "Do Introduce me to your sister," said Mrs Foyle. " My cousin, Miss Grantham, Mrs Foyle," and Dick added something which Margaret did not hear. "This is delightful," said Mrs Foyle, drawing her aside, "I know Jack Ingram well, and he told me all abcnt you. We met at the Cape on the last voyage. Where te he nowl" " He is dead," said Margaret, quietly, " Dead I" " Yes; he was lost at sea." " My dear Miss Grantham, you are wrong. My husband eaw him throe weeks ago cn board a steamer, and saw him land at Southampton. COarlbury I Dick, come here-quick I Miss Grantham's going to faint. I am afraid I have taken her by surprise, There is something quite wrong about this." Dick was just in time to give Margaret the support of his strong arm. But al though she seemed on the point of losing coneciusaness she did not actually faint, but in a minute or two was full of anima. tion, and even gaiety. Jack was alive I But where was he? Why had he not come down or written? (To be Continued). 