A LOVE STORY. ? »- ? CHAPTER I. What made rae think of her to-night of all pights, I wonder? I haven't given her a thought for years and yearo— at least not often. Let me see, she — that is Marian Chatterton — parted froaa me just twenty years ago, when I was a slight slip of a newly-joined subaltern, and she, well, she was a year or two older. Was she good lookngf les, tae Handsomest woman 1 had ever seen up to tha'u time. Tb!1 and stately and uncommon-looking, with dark hair with a ruddy tinge in it, and soft dusky eyes that shone out o£ her pale pure face like blaok pearls. Yes, yes, a most beauti ful woman. I had never seen her like be fore ; I have never seen her like since. And we parted. Well, it was through no fault of mine ; that was always a consolation to me. Indeed, it was through no fault of anyone's. It was fate. Yes, that was it. For Marian, my most beauti ful, the love and lode-star of my youth, was already enga-?6d to be married when we first met. 1 remember it as if it had but bean yesterday. We met at the very first ball which my regiment gave after I joined it. Yes, T was but a young chap and quite unused to the ways of the world, for I had been kept in with a tight hand, and had never been in love in my life, and like all youngsters who have been kept tight, when I did break oat I did not half do it. No, I put all my eggs into that one basket, and when the basket fell out of my hand to the ground my poor young ignorant eggs went to smash, every one of them. Twenty years ago the ball-dresses were not like the ball-dresses of to-day. Oh, no, for a young lady when she appeared in a ball-room then always gave one the idea of a ball of swan's-down, and was surrounded by billows oi loamy tune, or it not imie oi some thin and transparent diaphanous material, and was probably exceedingly dangerous when in the vicinity of a lighted candle. And that was the kind of dress Marian Chatterton wore on the night when I saw her first. I remember it so well, I was standing at tha door of the big balHooffl 8t &mfy; hampton, feeling-not a little proud of my position as one of the hosts of the evening, and determined to comport myself with the digaifcy becoming ; to the occasion. I re member that I refused to dance with a fine air of carelessness, as if I bad used up all those desires long ago. As a matter of fact I' danced out of the common well, and my feet were fairly itching to be off in time to the music of the waltz just: begun*.' And then she came. She came with a rather large party, and she was dressed all white and looked like a snowflake. ' Who are those 'people?' I asked of my nearest neighbor, a handsome lad called Owen, who was afterwards killed at Cabul. ' Those. Oh, that's Lady de Longue ville— the stout old party in black velvet and diamond?,' he replied. 'I believe she has a biggish house-party for the oc caBion. Terrible old bore, the old lord is too. By jove, he nailed me at dinner the other night and talked for over an hour on early Thebes and similar topics. I could have cut my throat, or bis, with pleasure.' ' But the dark girl, the one in white?' I persisted, following Marian's figure with eager eyes. ' That ? Oh, that's Miss Chatterton,' Owen answered carelessly. ' Do you know her?' I asked. ' Oh, yes ; she has been at the Park'— naming Lord de Longueville'fl place — ' for some little time.' ' Then come and introduce me, like a good chap,' I said persuasively. ' Introduce you,' ho said, in a demurr ing tone. ' On, but if I do, I shall have to ask her to dance, and I make a rule of never asking a woman taller than myself to dance — it makes a fellow look such an ass, you know.' ' You needn't ask her,' I said, taking him by the arm, and pulling1 him along to wards the part of the room where Marian wds standing beBide Lady de Longueville. ' You can just introduce me and slip away while I am getting some dances from her.' Eventually Owen did so, and in less time than it takes me to write this, I was standing in front of her asking very humbly indeed if I might have tho honour of a dance ? 3b'e replied that I might, and added two njogio wojds, 'with pfeaspre,' Jo, ft way and with a glance which set my already smouldering heart in a blaze, and, so to apeak ,. brought me completely to' her, feet in a twinkling. I danced a great ma&y; times with her that evening, and the noxb day, having made myself very egreeable to Lady de Longutsville, I went over to the Park and called to inqaire if the Iadie3^ meaning Marian*— were any -worse for their exertions the previous, evening. : .; That call lasted just six weeks ! Nbj I don't mean that I stayed six weeks at Lady de Longueville's house, but for six whole weeks I was in and out of that old and stately mansion like a dog in a fair, and^afc the end of that time, encouraged by Marian's soft and smiling glances, I aum moned up pluck enough to ask her if eha would marry me ? . : -r I was a young fool. I did not know' it then, but I have told myself of it many and many a time since. Still, aa I say, I did not know ifc then, and I put the all important question to her with the, in genuous confidence of youth, which knows not the bitterness of a rebuff. ?-..' And Marian went very red, said that ' she had never dreamed of anything like that happening, that she had looked upon _ me quite as a friend and nothing more, and. that it could not be. I asked why, and she replied that she was already engaged to another man, and that she was to be mar ried as soon as he came home from India a few weeks later. . . I vras a young fool, not quite 19 years old, and the news knocked me all of a heap. . I believe that I oried. I am sure that I buried my head on my arms and hid my face,, while she stood' beside me and im plored me for her sak'e not to give way, assured me that she was not worth it, and finally said in a queer little voice that I might think a little of her, and that if] i$ was so bad for me, what did I think.it must be for her? . I remember I raised my head at that, and looked at her eagerly, poor young idiot that I was, and then she. came . a bit closer to me and rested her head on my shoulder, and whispered that it wa3, as well that things should be as they were, for, of course, there was no' denying that she was years and years older thaa_ I was, and that my people would probably have objected, and perhaps I did not really mean it in downright sober easiest. I— » who would have gone down and licked the very dust under her feet, if by so doing I could have given her the smallest pleasure or gratification. What a strange world it is 1 It was soon over. In vain did I assure her that I had never been so serious in my life, in V8in did I tell her that I . had no people whom I need consult, the; only person to whom I was in any way respon sible being my old guardian, who looked upon me as a most praiseworthy youngjtnan, and, since the death of my father 18 months before, ha'd jet me do exactly as I liked , and had never attempted to restrict . me in' any way, very greatly to my own risk, aa I often thought since. It was all in vain, however. Marian assured . me that she liked me much better than- the man Bha was going to marry, and to whom she had been engaged for three years, but, phe added, ' when I became engaged to him, I wa3 just your age, and I thought that I liked him better than anyone in all the world.' : s' ' ; I tried my very best to peraaude her to throw the other fellow over, but she was not to be moved by any words of mine. And so we patted, and I have never .seb eyes on her from that day to this. It is no use my pretending that. I have never thought of her, for I have thought about her many and many a time, wonder ing how life had nsed her, wondering whether Bhe had really liked. me the best, and if it was really a sense of honour which bad made her stick to the first man flo utterly as she did. And I may as well Bay that years and years ago I quite made up my mind that Marian Chatterton had never cared a rap for me, and that she had only fooled me to the very top of my bent from an innate sense of mischief, the born instinct of the coquette who cannot endure to let an admirer, even if he only be a callow ybjith in his teens, Blip from her vicinity without singeing his wings at the shrine of her beauty and attractiveneEO. I was a young fool, and she was a woman. ' How beautiful ia youth ! Book of BegiDnlngo, Story without End.' Some poet fellow wrote that; and hoTsnon? what he was talking about too* CHAPlS II. I don't quite know bow it wae, out jay love fjff-*?r with Marian Chattfirtdn e'dtia&eil; * time. I won't pretend that I became a jwoman hater or anything of tliat kind, nor even that it, made me a bit of a misan thrope. Nothing of the kind. Bat I got fond of soldiering — men do, you know, . who stay in the serviea long enough— I was well off, and had never spent my in come since I first had control of it, and I must eay I had an uncommonly good time, take it all round. I had never exactly regretted my bachelor state, though I know that i if I had married Marian I should have been a good and faithful husband to her. Eat, you see, I did not marry Marian, or rather Marian did not, could not, if you will, marry me; and' somehow, I never ' saw anyone else that I wanted to marry, and so at eight-and-thirty I found myself by a train of lucky circumstances in com mand of my regiment, and still an eligible bachelor, . I was not let to forget that I was eligible ; oh, dear no. You see I was in command, I waa tolerably good-looking, I was rich, and I had a very decent soldiering record behind me— tkes9 thiogs all tell with the women, and perhaps it is not to be wondered at. Bat in spite of it all I never ; felt like marrying any of them. .It happened laBt week that 1 came tip -''*' from Al'd«rshot for a few days in town. The. regimental dinner was the excuse which first brought me, and my own in clination was the reason which kept me. N I don't know ; that I ever eb joyed a few days in town mere. You see, Aldershot isn't exactly a little earthly paradise, and I had had a pretty long spell of it. The. weather was fine, too, and hostesses weie \ giving evening garden parties, and thrir gardens were all lighted up with strings of little oil lamps, and the cooks were at their wits' end to think out new and appetising dishes that would bear icing. Yes, in spite . of the heat, London certainly was a pleasant change after Aldershot. ? And one night I went to a theatre, not , being engaged for dinner, though I was due at several evening shows afterwards. I went to the Lyceum, and was lucky enough to find a -stall near tha middle of the fourth row, and Ellen Terry, looking her brightest and loveliest, as Beatrice, in *' Much Ado.' And in the interval which elapsed between 'the first and s-cond acts,; ' I looked up idly at the boxes on tbn first tier, and 'saw right above me— Marion Chatterton/ ?-.'._? '''I must admit that my heart,/ almost jumped into my mouth, and some minutes passed before I could summon up courago to look again. And when I did, I saw that she was looking at me with the gaza of an utter stranger, and I realised that if this were indeed Marian Chatterton, time during the past 20 years must have stood still. -.Yet the likeness was almost ludi crous, it was so stroDg. I watched for a ' chance when the lady was not looking my way, and then I put up my opera glass and Bcrutinised her closely. It was not my Marian ; oh no, but a quiet young girl of not more than 19, or 20 at most. She was unlike Marian too, in some ways, though so strikingly like her on the whole. For instance, she struck me as being of slightly smaller build, and her ears were of a different type altogether. Ears are a very favorite study of mine, and I never mistake an ear when I have once fairly seen it. A&d; ths» young lady in the box had certainly not Marian's ears. ' ' . After the next act I went out, partly with an idea of finding refreshment suit able to' the hot night, and partly to see if there was anyone that I knew in the house. I found both, for while I was disposing of the one, Jack Villiers came up, and slapped me on the back, saying, 'My dear old chap, I haven't seen you 6ince we were at Cdbul together.' You know how men who have not seen each other for a long time talk. Well, that was how; Jack and I talked last night. 'We1 asked each other if wo were married, and both of us pooh-poohed the idea, as if we had been veterans of seventy, wedded to our club windows and our rubber of an evening. And then we had another drink together, for the sake of old times, and counted up the comrades who hod. gone over to the great majority, and then we went back to our places, and gave our attention to the play again. On my word, I had almost forgotten the girl in the box above, who reminded me so strangely of Marian Chatterton. But at the end of the act she came back to me again, for Villiers took advantage of my neighbor's going out, to come in and sit down beside toe j and we took up Our ? conversation just where we had left it oS j „ $t- the beginning of the teat act, . ' ' Any one you know here tor night V I asked, carelessly cf him. ' Oue or two,' he replied. ' It's astonishing though how soon a man gets forgotten. They say like a dead man out of mind, but one does'nt need to be dead to be out of mind nowadays.' 'True,' said I, ' but 'tell roe, who do you know here ?' 'There's a Mrs. Smithers a couple of rows behind us,' he replied, in a mysterious whisper. ' But I don't want to go and speak to her, I have not looked at her and she has not an idea that I have ever seen her. And there are some people I know in a box just above,' jerking his head back. I followed the direction of the jerk with my eyes. 'You don't mean the girl in the blue frock?' I asked, rather breath lesBly.. ' Yes, one of them has a blue dress on,' he answered stolidly. 'I've been looking at her,' I eaid, by way of excuse for having noticed her at all. ' What is her name ?' ' Miss Gordon,' he replied. . The name conveyed nothing tome. I had thought it just within the bounds of possibility that abe might prove to be Marian's daughter j but the name of Gordon quite knocked that notion on the head, ior she had married a man with a name like McKenzie. J rather fancy it was McKenzie. ' She's a pretty girl,' said Villiers, in a deliberate voice. 'And a very nice girl, too. Would you like to know her ? Be cause if you would, I'll take you up \o her box with pleasure. She is witfi Lady Cecil Palliser, whom I know very well indeed.' I accepted this invitation with alacrity, and we went up to the box together. There he presented me to Lady Cecil, whom I could have dona very well without know ing, and to Marian's ghost, Miss Gordon. I found the resemblance to my old lovo still more Btrikirjg during the few minutes that I was able to talk to her befoie th« curtain went up again, and I could have blessed old Jack right heartily when bo said ;o her in a half whisper, ' I am coming to call on Mrs. Gordon to-morrow. May! bring my old friend with me ?' ' ' Why, surely,' she cried delightfully. ' Mother will be enchanted to see you, ar;d your friend also. But why this sudden ceremoniousuess ?' I did not hear what Jack said in reply, but as. we walked along the corridor to gether, he remarked, ' Xhat is as nice a little girl as I know.' ' I should qaite think so,' I returned. 'T suppose you are not thinking of ? ' Jack turned and looked at ma. ' Think ing of making up to Phyllis Gordon,' be sepeated. 'No, my dear chap, I certainly am not.' I passed it off as a joke and then we separated, going our different ways. And a dear little sweet sounding name it was ; suited her down to the ground. I met Jack Villiers by appointment the following day ; in fact, we lunched together at; the Kag, aft6r which we went on to Greeu-street, where the Gordons lived. Hu seemed to ba quite at home in tho house, for he greeted tie servant -svho opened I Ik door with a friendly, ' Well, Simmons, hov: does the world use you V Simmons replied with a resspectfal gric, and took charge of our persons as if wero something that might * get lost in the journey from the halt door to the drawing room. And then he opened the door of that apsnment and announced in a loud voiV, ' Colonel Villiers aud Colon* I Star key.' What followed almost knocked me into the middle of next vvefk. For out of tie subdued and churohlike gloom which is the fashion for London drawing-rooms, thero came to meet us my old and first lov*1, Marian Cbattorton. The meeting was a dreadful shook to me— I may as well cou f.!63 it at once. I knew her agaiu, of outse. It is only in story-books that a man meets an old lovo after a few year?, and does not know her fiom Adam. 1 should have known bur anywhere, at least I t'njals so, But tiniQ bad oeitiuDly not dealt gently with her, in fact, time had been too generous altogether, for Bhe must have weighed at least fourteen stones. She met me with a tender air of recogni tion, and at once reverted to our old friend* ship without any attempt at concealment. 'Yes, darling,' she said to Phyllis -- when she came across the room, 'take Colonel Villiers and give him some tea, Oolonel Starkey and I are old fiiends and will chat here a little while together.' Then, as Phyllis carried Villiers off, she turned to. me and said : ' Well, and bow has the world used you s-nce last tat, met ?' 'I must confess that I have had more than my deserts,' I admitted. 'Ab, yes, I read all the accounts of your successes,' she. murmured in a low voice. ' I felt so proud to think that I had known you, when I read how you had won the Victoria Cross.'' — 'Oh, it was nothing,' I said, with an uneasy wriggle, for after all, what man can sit still and calmly hear, a woman talking about an incident which, all said and done, was more or less of an accident ? Not I, jpor one. ' 'No, no, the Victoria Cross never is anything to those who have won it,' she cried. 'I quite understand, Charlie.' She called me Charlie m quite an ordi nary way, and, somehow, I did wish she would not bo quite so reminiscent or so friendly. To avoid any further remaiks about myself, I plunged headlong into another topic of con vereatiorj. 'Your daughter is very like yon,' I remarked. I tiied hard to eay Mrs. Gordon^ but, somehow, the words would not come, they fairly stuck in -my throat. ''Yes,- everybedy says that Pbyl is. very like me. I always s.-y very like what I was once. You find me appallingly altered, don't you?' : She looked at me in an appealing kind of way, and I— well, after aU, rI am only human, 1 am only a man,, so I murmured something of non-committing nature to the effect that she was a little stouter than she had been when I had known her before. She smiled and looked down, and- 1 could have killed myse'f for being such an idiot. However, I could not undo what had been said, and I ventured on another Biibject. 'I had no idea that you were here — at least, I mean that I had no idea that I was being brought to see you to-day. I quite had an idea that your married name was M'KeBzie.' 'So it was,' she replied, ' but we had to take the name of Gordon to inherit some property.' 'And Mr. — er— -Mr. G rdbn; — I hope he is well ?' I asked ,~rather diffidently. ?' ' Oh, my husband has been dead several years,' she replied, ina perfectly matter of-fact tone. ' If ehe had only wept a little or even lowered her eyes, it would not have been so had; but she pretended nothing, and evi dently the demise of the late Mr. G rdon, if it had ever been a grief to her, had lung ceased to be a trouble. The situation was really a serious one for me. And the worst of it all was that I admired Phyllis more and more with every minute that went by. Sue asked me presently if I would like a cup of te8, and on my saying yes — for I would cheerfully have accepted a cup cf cold poison at that moment if it would have got me off that sofa and away from those terrible reminipcences of the past, the past which had been all a mistake— -we went across the room together nnd stood nt'.ar .the little tea- table at which Pbylli3 was presid ing; and as we stood there .waiting wbilo she poured out out1 tea, I had a glimpse of our presentments in a lorig looking-glass, which filled the space between two of tin- windows looking into the. street talow. . Was it pen* -sib!*1 that Mr*. Gordon waa only thivo veers oliler i h-kn m-i ? T.'tut -wus -' h*r, s-.ub ? riftd Si-id loi'g ago; .but tj .look .'*-; hc-i' now, anyone nii^lii- r if, $???!.? »[-'}?' b.jieve iiUfiS she *vas at l«?nsl a ^tzos: ywivra 3r-y senior. True, [ was a yousg-loolrir-g 'man for my i'ight und ibiriy year*, aim i-Ue -va.? or-tf ;.-* the oidtst- loiJking wonnTu I u.td ev-r te'ia for only three. years oi-tt:r tlma that-. 'So you have ? moi; Cuioisel SJjrkoy before,'1 said Vir icrs, in his chewy 'tones. - Mrs. Gordon Bat down ov tho DtiaitBfc seat, taking the cup vhieb .Pfcyi'is b»d poured out for her. ' Yes,' sho ta d, with a fitnotherod tigh, ' vto knew eaci^ oth^r ever so long ego. We were q ii e ' o nnd girl ti;gf»t.hdr. !-' rrukes trje i- e h .jih.y oiJ to li.ink ht'W Joi.=,*i itg'.».' ' , - So ii dxd m-'-, «/»!y I Cvtil'.i n.tt vory-w»»il say so. Y-i, it diii mdks me fw-l oldtn le told thfit we h»d l«'i-.?( boy j-1A!'!^ ,' £elh*r. I c-n:i.! ?.'. t vi\y -n^ f.iaf; ' i»-.f:-uc^' j it wus «ibiso;uif;iy irue. Wti had bcon boy ' and girJj though then she had been careful tp.tell me that Bho was years and years my \ senior. And if that had been a bit of a stretch, she certainly was three years older than I was. She had owned up to three years. And as we went away from the pretty house, Villiers dug a facetious finger into my ribs, and told me I was a sly dog and no mistake about it. I could have kicked Villiers at that moment with the greatest of pleasure. The next day I had a note from Mrs. Gordon, asking me to dine and do a theatre with them. She added that she had asked Villiers also, and said that I was to be sure to lot no other engagement stand in the way of it. I went ; well, yes, the fact was I really could not resist the chance of seeing Phyllis again, although I knew that the past, and 1 was afraid that the present, stood between us, and thai; seeing her would not do me' the smallest good, rather the contrary, in truth. Still, I weut, and Isaw Phyllis again, and went away j from her at last, with the pleasant knowledge that I was desperately in love, and that the leaves of my first love were dead, dead, dead, and lay full of sadness and melan choly between my heart and me. CHAPTER III. . Somehow after that little dinner, with a theatre to follow, I got into a way of going to that pretty house in Green-street at all times. I knew that it was worse than foolish, for it was plain to be seen that the: widow had quite mistaken my visits and believed, poor soul, that I went to see her for the sake of that old boy and gir! love affair which had come to such an uutimely end 20 years before. Poor mistaken soul, I felt each a brute, and every time that I found myself goiag down to Aldershot — generally by the cold meat train—I made a fixed and firm resolve which I truly meant to keep, that I would go no more. And every day when I found myself fr- e and able to go to town so did my resolves fide away and I found myself getting out of my paint like lightning, that I might catch the up-train ; and it invariably hap pened that, in next to ho time, I ended my journey in the becomingly shaded drawing room which called Mrs. Gordon mistress. T -gave up resolving at last, and submitted toimy fate, because it -is a. degrading thing for a iBan to be always making and'break ing resolveSt So I determined that I might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb, though, Heaven knows, it was the lamb and not the sheep that I wanted in this instance. At last, however, the season came quite to an end, and I had no further excuse for racing up to town in season and out of season, for Mrs. Gordon and Phyllis had made all their arrangements for going to Carlsbad. I believe she — that is, Mrs. Gordon— went to Carlsbad in order that she might get rid of her superfluous fat, and Phyllis, of course, went-because her mother went. I asked Marian one day if she was going to Carlsbad for a cure ; and she replied, with a sigh, that she was not strong, not nearly so strong as she looked. I knew wh.it that meant. Fat! dear, ~ dear, and to think that all those fourteen stones and that excellent appetite might nave been mine, irrevocably and irretriev ably mine, if the events of the past had takea a different turn. It made me very grave to contemplate such a possibility. Having gone so far, I thought I might as well go up just to dee them for the laBt time, and to wish them good-bye and God speed. And after that there would be, of course, the deluge. I dressed with even more than usual care, and with a grim thought in my mind of how men in olden times had dresafld with scmpulone exacti tude for the occasion of their executions. Well, I was in a sense going to execution slso, and I hud a foolish notion that I should likii Phyllis to remember me at my best. Simmons greeted mo with a beaming gmi'.e, told on that tho .ladies ware at home, and took charge of my bat quite as if he expected me to bandit up th- re and then, for good and all. Then he showed me into the drawingroom and sofoly closed the doorbebind me. .' I &\w in a moment that Mrs. Gordon was alone, Phyllis was not ther.\ ; 'Ah!'' she said, looking up with a endiifv' is that you, Charlie 1' 1 'Yes,' I replied, for it was not a re rnarK that one could controvert. ' 'Wall, we go off to-morrow,' she re marked, after a momont's pause. ' And when shall we see yoa again ?' I leant forward, resting my elbows on my fcnesg steadfastly jfegarding the tips of juv cloved handj, 'I den't -Hngw,' J ' Is there any chance of your coming to join us this autumn ?*' she asked. ' I really don't think so, Mrs. Gordon,' I said. I had. long ago, and by a resolute effort, succeeded in calling her so. ' Oh ! and this is really good:bye?' she said, in a queer, cold sort of voice. ' I'm \ery much afraid so,' I answered guardedly. Mrs. Gordon looked at me impatiently. ' And why should you have any fear about it V she asked, bluntly. . I fdlt as if something very dreadful was going to happen to me. Great Heavens ! did she mean to - propose to me outright, and what on earth should I, eould I, do under those circumstances? My very blood seemed to run cold -af the thought of it. I could not say no, and it would be worse to say yes, and then marry Marian when I had. given all my heart to Phyllis. Was ever any man in such a position in this world bf fore 1 'My dear Charlie,' 'she went on, finding that I was dumb, .' have you nothing to say to me 1' I pulled myself together by an immense effort, and looked at her for the first time. 'No, Mr3. Gordon,' I said, firmly, 'I don't know of anything particular that I have to say to you.' - She turned and looked at me. 'My dear Charlie,' she cried, ' have you taken leave of your senses, or have I?' I remained silent for the very good reason that I had nothing to say; she went on :- ' You have been coming to my house for months now,' she said quietly, ' you have been everywhere with us, you have attached yourself to us, and we are going away for a long time, and yet you tell me that you have nothing to eay to me. I confess that I do not understand such behaviour.' I contrived to stammer out something very shame- faced about the pleasure I had taken in h°r society, but ehe interrupted me brusquely enough. ' My dear soul,' she exclaimed, ' what are you talking about' ' Eh V said I, looking up in surprise. She in turn was staring at me, her eyes full of mirth, her lips parted with laughter, and her whole appearance more like the Marian Chatterton that I had known 20 years before than I had seen her look since we had met again. ' Charlie,' she said, in a voice shaking with laughter, 'you have never married 1' ' Nevur,' I replied promptly and iu a tone which I intentcd stumld convoy to hor that I did not moaa to marry now, ' Do you think you havo dune kindly by me, my old friend,' she said gravely, ' in coming so much to my house if you had no ideus ot the kind 1 You are a very handsome man, Charlio, and your V.C. carries a great amount of gUmour with it. What shall I eay to my poor little girl if — ' What did she mean ? ' Your little girl V I cried, ' Yes, Charles Starkoy, mv litlli- girl,' she repeated. ' You are in love with the same little girl, are you not V ' 1— I simply worship her,' I broke out. 'And you thought that I — ' — at my agp. Oh, you foolish creature, have you not forgotten that silly affair of years and years ago ? Why, I was old enough to be your mother, or it not quite, your mother, certainly old enough Na jnejse. & yo^y 4epii- Wbatoou-dl do? Well, I just told a downright thumping lie in the excess of my jc)y« '' I was .e'fra'd you might think me too old for her,' I said lamely. ' Eubbish !' ehe returned, then smo thered a sigh. 'Ah, my dear old friend, you were young then, you are little more than young now ; but I, oh, I am so old, so old. All my life ie dead leaves and the sadness of remembrance. But there, what is the use of saying aught of what is past and gone 1 Charlie, we made a little love to each other, you and I. How absurd ! You have found out what love is now — I found it out 15 years ago. It has niadf me old too soon. What is love 1 Some times everlasting flowers. For me, Charlie, dead leaves, only dead leaves.' 