THE GHOSTS OF .CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, the conjuror, relates some of his experirences to a writer in the " English Illustrated Magnzino "':-" Apart from mere objective illusion," lie says, " appar itions exist only in ima.gination. The great proof of this is the otnotion of clothes. If arprilte appeared ie ausone of the living p!ic tures,' ppnlrently in thie nude, o011 mi;gt he in elilned to believe itr their reality. I believel I was the first to esugges.t this objection. ai.out 33 yern aogo. I was) av ug a discussio, withl Mr. Benjamin Colenooo. a noouamod, ' The Fatlher f English S1liiitralists,' a very nice, amiabhle. andt crendulolus old ol entelmato. Hle was deslcribing a seance he had altond.led snt where a ladly sew the spirit of her graeisfather. Phe hadl never seen him in aorrt,-tile, blt rreeogniisdl hlin, from a painting. Thre s iit appearedl in periwng, knee-breeches, ann a ;reen coat with gilt but tons. * Then,' said I. thlis hldy not only eaw the spirit of her grandfathertr but also the spirit of his green coat ando gilt buttons ! ' Air. Coleman Ilooked at me uwith ether a puzzled ex pression. I continued : d Do you really believe that there is such a thing as the spiritof acoat?'. 'No.' said ht, I canl't think that, and I can't' accournt for the slppeornoe of the clothes, but II will ask the spirits.' The old gentleman told. me aftertwars that toe had consuolted o Ktey^ King' upon the subject. Katey King, as you may remermber, was a very Iopularolspiritat that time, so muich so that she was frequently known to have upiearecdl at several senooces at the samee moment. She was also the Spint who was saiot to have carried Mrs. Guppy from Ball's Pood pesure. btti ' siirit' 6vh i sen ior' RotierL :sle Owen to a lunati asylum. Well, Kantey King shirked Mr. colenlom's question for some time, burt he persisted in having an answer,. anod at last she replied, * Why, of course, we materialise the clothes out of partieles in the atmuosphere.' This was a perfectly satisfactory explaratiooi to the Spiritualists, but even the most credulous nrmbers of the Society for Psychical Itesecarch cannot at present believe in the ghost of a pair of breeches. If they could, they 'wonld at once accept every night marestory as a spiritual visitation. That cuno ning oldt impostor, dedme. Blavathky, tried to bridlge over, this difficulty by inveonting tIhe theory that! there is an batral besdy' or counter part to everything in existence and everything that has existed. So there must be on aEtrSI sea-scrperit, 00 anlral big gooseberry-in fact, an astral worlld and a astral universe." 