_ A French Prophetess Up-to-date people In the present day pride themselves upon an enlightened scepticism in regard to much which' their forefathers held to be immutable truth. But no story is too absurd, mo pretension too ridiculous, for the same advanced persons to swallow when its coloring happens to strike their fancy. The latest instance comes from Paris, where the countrymen of Voltaire and Renan have given what , interest they can spare from politics to the avatar of the Angel Gabriel, who .is to be seen in the very appropriate situation of the Rue de Paiadis. Wordsworth spoke of the "old credulities to Nature dear," with regret; that they were no longer permitted to *bloom upon the stock of history." Cases like this of Mdlle. Conedon, otherwise known as "the Modern Prophetess," show that Wordsworth gave himself quite a premature concern. History, it SB true, no longer turns a credulous eye upon Johanna Southcott or the -Cock Lane Ghost, the Devils of Morzine or the Virgins .of XoudUD, with which some far more respectable stories have gone by the board. But, in return, the spirit which Engendered the mediaeval faith in witch- craft and possession Ss still alive, and: finds a home in the bosom of Matthew Arnold's "average sensual man," no | matter how differently be may choose to: express it. No etory Which bears on the supernatural is too grossly Improbable to be welcomed with open arms by ttoose who cater for the popular taste. Whether a hypnotist proposes to outdo the deeds of witchcraft, or Mr Edison gulls a reporter with absurd tales . of. Impossible warlike engines, or" a faithhealer claimseupernatural assistance" tor his unproved cures, or the Angel Gabriel discusses Egyptian politics, the gobemoucheB are ready to gape for bis. story, and the sciolists hasten to build new theories of the universe npon his "facts." In all ages the great majoifty have been 'equally credulous. Slit oar time' professes.to be an age of science, and that is the curious part .of the business. The fact is that modern scientific progress has passed clean over the heads of ordinary people; It exists only in the ampler ether of laboratories, the serener air of philosophical transactions. The truly marvellous results, of science have Impressed themselves on the general mind; while the methods which led to flhem, and by which they are weighed, remain High and aloof, Safe' from the wolfs black jaw and. the . doll ass's hooŁ : ' Those whJD see on all hands .such praeti- ^ mii»cles, as the steam-engine, the telephone, and the phonograph, who accept ;the cpndh^tó ^Jtte bacteriologist a n a j t h g - ; m o ń e fnrprfclng in telepathy or astiiology*' fitace jtL^ have no /conception of the toflltate-ttro'ite'/traH&i; Both France and America have lately furnished such striking instances of this that it need be no great matter of surprise if we shortly see another- Johanna Southcott in this country, talking a blasphemous jargon of the Second Coming, and making a handsome living by the sale of sis thousand four hundred Seals of Salvation, at the price of twelve shillings to a guinea apiece. The mission of the- French "prophetess" consists in sending her mouth to the Angel Gabriel, who speaks by It with the object ot saving as many souls as possible. Great catastrophes, according to her, are at hand : the friendly Archangel has predicted that a large part of the globe irill soon be destroyed by a visitation from Heaven, and that France, after falling a victim to the most sanguinary of all her Revolutions, will soon be reduced to half her present size. The ! Parisians are so eager to listen to this rigmarole at first hand that Mdlle. Conedon is engaged a month ahead, as if she were a successful play at the Lyceum. Poor and rich alike, Jews and proselytes, atheists, and Freemasons, princes of science and princes of the Church, the clergy and pious churchgoer croted her ante-rooms. The scientific opinion, indeed, is that of Dr Dumont-Pallier, who has described the young lady in question as use folie et une faiceuse. But scientific opinion has the very smallest influence upon the popular mind, whiSi is too hungry for the marvellous to consider whether it is digestible. Further evidence of that is supplied by the recent excitement Into which the United States were thrown by Schlatter, the New American Messiah, as his disciples called him. This impostor rose at a bound from a cobbler's stali to a station in the celestial hierarchy quite ^oo exalted to he named. Alter a fast of seventy-five days—what a chance for the late Mr Barnum !—he began faith-, healing, with the usual success attendant on such claims. The halt, the blind, and the curious flocked into Denver from all parts of Colorado, "the holy blissful Schlatter for to seeke," and quite a number of them said they were cured. Schlatter at once went to the top of the medical tree. Letters from the suffering poured in at the rate of over a thou sand daily. Handkerchiefs were blessed and sent out to those who could not attend in person, and by their means a boy "suffering from a terrible chronic catarrh . was entirely cured," and the world was gravely assured that "the sensation of touching the hand of Schlatter "was something like an electric •current being turned on." So widely was his fame spread that a special service was started by the Union Pacific Railway, by which a happy day at Denver and a selected miracle were placed within the reach of thousands of excur- sionists for a dollar.— "World." 