THE MISTLETOE ' BOUGH \&y; the Author of ^'Married iu a Dronm, \ ** The Mystery of Greyfrinr's Grange, /??; '.''. -, etc, etc, . ; , ' ' ' ' CHAPTER XL-Coutimiod, ? ' AS MELTS THE SNOW OUK SOiRBOWS ' ' ' PASSA-WAT.' ' ' It is f also,' Verdou said dog. jgedly ; but. those around -whispered t might be true. ' . ' If she is uot ouilty, why is she \- not hore r Leuoro asked. ' She is hiding even now from justice. I defy her to clear herself.' , ' Then I shall clear her,' Vordon retorted firmly. ' The proofs may be strong, the case seem conclusive ; but I know she k innocent, and I will prove her innoceuce to the world.' Lenores mirthless laugh answered him mockingly. :. 'Do your best and fail,,' she said tauntingly. ' Have not my words cOrao true ? Was over that Carlota (Jovvolh, whom you spurned, ono half, so fallen and dogradod as this Marion Mori vale is now.' ' Bo silent,' Vevdon answered through his clenched teeth, ' you are speaking of my promised wito.' 'But you will not be mad enough to marry her,' Leuoro retorted. ' She is guilty .of this crime, and if sho . escapes tho last punishment of tho laAV, it will but be becauso sho is mad. Mad, ,and a murderess. Think of it, and toll me if you lovo hov still.' ' Now moro than over,' Verdon answered, and quiet though his tones were, they vibrated clearly through tho hush. 'Innocent, guilty, mad or imue, I lovo her still, and will mako her ray wife in do finauco of the world.'' ' But you forget tho law will olaim her. Sho is guilty of this murder, and no power can save her, Unless tho grave gives up its dead. Low and fierce, in a hissing whispor, the words thrilled through the hall ; but as thoy died away there was a great cry, a woman's hysterical tumult, tho words hardly artioulato in its great fear. ' The grave lias given up its dead, for Sir Luke Merivalo is be fore us again.' Standing by tho murdered man, iLenoro looked down tho length of the holly-deeked hall. Tho double doors at tho farther end were flung open, showing the snowy night with out, and there, upon the threshold, Sir Luke Mevivalo stood, holding Marion by the hand, and lurking just bohind.was the dark, frightened race of an elfin child. No ouo moved, no one spoke? a spell held all there, and the guilty woman thus confronted by her crime stared with unbelieving, eyes, while in her brain wild memories surged of that legend of Earlesmere that said on Christmas Evo the ghost of those a Merivale had wronged should enter Earlesmere Court. Sho saw and never doubted now, a paroxysm of superstitious terror overwhelmed her. With a sudden gesture sho flung her arms high above hor head, and then began to laugh — such awful laugthtor as thoso who heard it never recalled without a shuddor. Somo of tho servants aided the doctor in leading her away, and the movement broke tho spell. A moment more, and Marion was sobbing in hor lover's arras, while his old friends crowded round Sir Luke to satisfy themselves it was no ghost from tho grave but the baronet in tho flesh that thoy saw. ' Yes, it is I come back to vou.' he said, quite broken down by his emotion now. ' To live for many years in Ealesmoro yet, I trust ; so that that grand monumont that bears my name will not be neoded for long to come. ' Sir Luko alive ! ' Verdon said bewildered, and regardless of all around, clasped Marion the closer. 11 My darling, you havo promised to be nay wife. , I cannot give you up ! ' ' There is no reason why you should,' Sir Luke answored/aB ho held out his hand. ' All I have endured has brought a change in mo. I havo boon through tho fire, and come out, I hopo, a better and wiser man. Wo overheard your words just now ; your lovo' lias stood the tost of a terrible ordeal, and if over a man lias fairly' won his wif o, you have done so now.' Their hands met, wliilq Verdon's other urm wtis still clasping Marion. ' But Marion is rich now,' he said, ' and I ? ?' ' What is money compared 'to love P' Sir Luko answered warmly, ' My fortune will be ample for yoii both. Come, come, Mr, Verdon, don't hesitate, or I shall think you will, not forgive 1119 for having partpd you so long,' Jtwfts iii tho 'early 'dawning 'of that Christmas Day thatthoy carried Lady Morivalo, a helpless' maniac, ?from her stately homo ; and, later on a quiet house-party gathered round '.thoblftxing lire to hear Sir Luke's story, that .was to explain his atiauge return upon that Christmas} 1 night. Marion sat between her father and her loveiv ftnd, as her eyes shly met Verdon's, a glow of light and lovo and joy sprang into their depths, lending 'hov beauty a new radiance. , To bo continued* .- ? . 