J By JEAN" MIDDfiSMASS, Author 6t "Two False Moves,"' "A Girl in st Thousand," " The Mystery of Clement Dun-' raven," &c;,, &e.; [Published by special arrangement with the .author. All rights reserved.] Chapter VI.—(Continued.) While he smoked Stephen Bolderson tried to pft away from his mind the disagreeable' recollections with which it was usually filled! and to plan out the uncultivated wilderness which lay around the house into something like a garden which should give pleasure to his beloved Rachel. This engrossed him and kept him employed for soms little time, thus affording ample' opportunity for the talk in the dining-room, in' the course of which, commencing .with the' vicar, Rachel soon became intimately acquainted with all the residents in tha neighborhood. Those which interested hec the most were the vicar and the Wallises, for", reasons which she thought she could have de-' fined, but which were probably connected in. some occult way with the influence they were preordained to exercise on her own destiny. They had shown a desire to cultivate her ac quaintance, the vicar having left a message to that effect, and she did not intend that they should be disappointed. The little peculiari ties Mrs. Cubitt pointed out as belonging to the vicar only served to make him more interest ing in Mrs. Bolderson's eyes, while, as for the Wallises, she was assured that they were "real gentle folk.'? "Mr. .Wallis was the best landlord in all the county, Mrs. Wallis was the most kindly woman, who was always doing a bit o' good Wherever she got the chance, while as for MisT Cicele she was a pretty young lady—went tfv her first ball a few weeks back and wasn't sbt' talked about and admired, just!" "What you tell me is delightful, Mrs. Cubitt. I do love pretty, bright, young girls.'1 "And she is one and no mistake, ma'am p • she'll be a nice, sweet companion for your young lady." - '' My young lady ? Ihavenot got any young lady," "Not a daugher, ma'am, I thought . "Of course, of course. I was a widow when I married Mr. Bolderson, you are quite right. But I have neither ehicknor child." Mischievous intention gleamed in Mrs. Oubitfs eyes. She would have a petty vengeance on this interloper at the Willow Marsh sooner than she expected. "Bless you, lady," she said. "I did not think as you Was old enough to have a grown-up gal, but isn't Mr. Bolderson's children now yours ?" "Mrs. Bolderson's children!" And the words dropped feebly from Rachel's lips, which were tremulous and white. " Lord love yer, I wouldn't have spoke of it if I hadn't thought yer knowM." " This then was Stephen Bolderson's secret,'1' Rachel thought. "Well, after all, it was nob such a very dreadful one, only why did he nob tell her?" She rallied as speedily as she could from the first shock and trying to appear pleased at the discovery, she said— "Tellme, Mrs. Cubitt, how many children, am I expected to mother—since you seem to , know' all about it? As I said just now, X love young people." "Lor, ma'am, there ain't only one as for as I know. A biggish gal I believe she is, but I haven't never seen her. She lives in Paris." " Well, I hope she will soon come _ here. Ib will he delightful to have a young thing in the> house, and, as you say, she may become great" friends with Miss Sicele Wallis." And after this there was no more conversa tion to be got out of Rachel. She walked across into the stiff, rigid-looking drawing--., room as though simply desirous of inspecting it. In reality she wanted to get_ away from Mrs. Cubitt, and, before she again met her husband, to be alone for a few. minutes' with the unexpected discovery she had made. It was not that Rachel was sorry about the existence of this unknown girl; on the con trary, her strong maternal instincts went oub to her in a yearning at which she herself was astonished; but what upset her and rendered her thoughtful, almost suspicious, was thafc Stephen Bolderson should never have .told her aught about the child, of whose existence even his housekeeper was aware. Some shadow must assuredly lie athwart the ■ past or he would not be so reticent. ■ Mrs. Cubitt said that she herself had nob seen the girl. Could it be possible that she was imbecile or deformed? Surely, if she loved Stephen Bolderson well enough to marry him she would have accepted his child what ever burden had fallen upon her._ No, this could not he the reason of his _ silence. There must be something in connection with her parentage which be did not dare to reveal. And lost m countless surmises, she took no account of time and sat on in: the half furnished drawling-room until darkness over took her, nor was she one point nearer, the solution of the difficult problem she had seb herself. Meantime Stephen Bolderson wandered about the grounds planning and arranging—■ until from atranging he dropped into dreams— those evil, bad dreams which were apt to fre quent him both by day and night. . They neither of them recognised the faeb that they were drifting, drifting farther asunder with each thought that took posses sion of them._ They must be careful what they did or said in the future less coolness should arise and out of coolness separation. One deed may mar a life, And one may make it; Hold firm thy will from strife i Lest a quick blow break it." Rachel was meditating what she should d& and say when the recollection that she had lately read these lines flashed upon her. Even in that moment a hand was laid on her shoulder; it was her husband's—he had come into the dark room by the open window. "Why so pensive, wifie mineT She started as if she had seen a ghost.'' Should she tell him what she was thinking of, what impression had been made on her by Mrs. Cubitt's revelation? No, a thousand times no. Till he should himself vouchsafe tff her some information as to the existence of his; daughter she would be silent nor let backstaix' gossip obtrude itself into the story of theif lives. Bride as well as discretion prompted Rachel at once to adopt this course. She answered him then in a casual sort of way, saying she was half asleep and dreaming, and a3 he could not see her face he accepted the excuse, although he did not altogethei think there was no arriere pensec in the matter, but he ascribed it to her disappoint ment at the general aspect of the Willow Marsh. He put his arm round her to lead her oat of the darkness into the dining-room where there was a lamp. " We will make it all very different before we are much older," he said. "I have been planning out the garden while I smoked and you will soon make the inside of the house into a bijou. Perhaps I was wrong, but I would, not touch it till you came, as I thought yoc would arrange it much better than I should." She entered at once into his humor and fori long while they chatted away aboub details, Rachel striving very hard to prevent him from seeing that there was a third and unrevealed presence stalking between her and the home which he was inviting her to make beautiful and bright. Nor was the recollection of Ursula wholly absent from Stephen Bolderson's mind ; with • each turn in the conversation he had it almost on his lips to tell her a child being brought up with Lucille Lafarge would one day claim her motherly care and interest. But he had put it off so long that each day it became more and more difficult to make the confession, besides he was still afraid, not that Rachel would not be tender and loving to his child, but that the interchange • of civil amenities that would be thus brought about with Lucille Lafarge would lead to strife and annoyance. Thus like many another coward who has gone before him he put off the evil, day and left circumstances to unravel the complica tions that troubled him, totally disregarding the fact that tangles, if left to themselves, have a way of becoming more and more involved the longer the straightening process is deferred. And so in this case it woilld inevitably prove, and even Rachel's deft fingers and patient perseverance would find her tangled skein of life almost impossible to unravel. 