I O'FARRELL AND THE ' KIAMA GHOST.' ii was aunag air. ranters _irst term oi omee that Henry James O'Farrell shot his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, then on his first visit to | Sydney. The event caused a profound sensation | throughout the whole of the British dominions. In I Australia it produced something like a frenzy of i horror, alarm, and indignation. The incident oc curred at Clontarf on March 12, 1868. The Duke was present at a picnic on behalf of a fund for build ing a Sailors' Home in Sydney. Prom a distance of about six feet O'Parrell fired at the Prince with a re volver. The bullet entered a little to the right of the spine, traversing the course of the ribs to theabdo men. The victim of this outrage recovered, and for the attempted assassination O'F&rrell; was hanged at Darlinghurst cm the 21st of the following month. From this deplorable piece of fanaticism sprang fierce sectarian and racial animosities' that long divided dif ferent sections of the community, and exercised a powerful influence on the whole current of political life. The action t£iken In connection wita tjie trial and execution of O'Farrell by the then Colonial Secretary rendered him throughout almost the re mainder of his life an object of the bitterest hatred 1 to the culprit's fellow-eountrymen and co-religionists. i Mr. Parkes always maintained that the Prince's | assailant was perfectly sane, aad that lie was the j agent of othens in hie dastardly act. He publicly told I his constituents at Kiama, six months after the exe cution of O'B^arrell (he had marie substantially the 'same statements on two previous occasions) that he iheld in his possession evidence, attested by affidavits, proving that not only was the assassination of -Hie Pnnee planned, but that some one, who had a guilty knowledge of the secret, and wh&se; fidelity was sus jpectsd, had been foully murdered; that the intended assassination was known to the Government previous to the arrival of his Royal HighnesE in Sydney; that 1 m consequence of this knowledge extraordinary pre j cautions were taken by the Government for the pro I tection of the Prince; and that the crime for which I O'Farrell was executed was the result of a conspiracy I or organisation in this country. These statements [produced a profound sensation. They after [ wards bore the nickname of the 'Kiama Ghost,' and j it was many, many years before the ghost was laid. I Nearly four years afterwards, when Mr. Parkes came j before his constituenta in East Sydney for re-election, 1 on forming his first Ministry, Mr. W. B. Dalley j (afterwards the Right Honorable) came forward and 1 denounced him in one of the most scathing . speeches I that had ever fallen from the lips of that brilliant j oiator. He publicly charged Mr. Parkes with having I promulgated statements of the attempted assassina I tion of the Duke of Edinburgh ? which were entire, ! absolute, and unqualified falsehoods. Never was the i kindly, generous nature of the gifted Dalley moved 1 to greater wrath and indignation than over 1 the elevation of the author of the I 'Kiama' Ghost' to the position of first I Minister bo soon after what Dalley regarded las a deliberate slander upon a large section of the I community. Yet, though he was boiling over with I indignation as be spoke, his versatility enabledhim I to make merry over the Premier's pecuniary mie 1 fortunea 'There is one thing,' said Mr. Dalley, 'in I which the supremacy of his ability will be univers 1 ally acknowledged. He has a gigantic genius forin I debtedness. But is not his genius disproportionate I Jy large for the country? If lie lives long enough, | he will rule over a nation not of admirers and ? friends, but of creditors.' Dalley's' ? attack failed, as he knew it would. Mr. | Parkes was re-elected. A select com I mittee. of the Legislative Assembly had reported ad 1 vepsely to Mr. Parkes at the time of Hie O'Farrell a case; but the House itself by a large majority re 1 jeeted the report, and, amid great excitement and I enthusiasm, endorsed his actions. When the result I was announced the majority who had voted for the I adoption of an amendment moved by Mr. Parkes a himself on the original motion, sprang excitedly to i their feet, and sang 'God Save the Queen.' It was jj 3 o'clock in the morning when the decision of the 3 House was made known, and ?the cheers inside the I Assembly were taken up -by a large- crowd of Mr. | Barker's admirers outeide, who had waited to learn I the result. It is not too much to say that, tie I Q'FarreH.inciaeni; from the profound effect. '3 texer- I cised upon the. public mind, materially influenced the I subsequent career of Mr. Parkes. ? liEGKLATiyE! CAPACTTT. During ms first term of office as Colonial Sec retary in the Martin-Parfcee Ministry, Mr, Parkes gaVe remarkable prbbJ of Ms - capacity as a legis lator toy framing and passing into: law,, in. addi tion-; to measures ^^ alreaay menUpned, ^ a«t to hproyiae tor the inspection of hospitals ana «-ther [liistltutions aided by the State, the Municipalities Act of 1867, the Volunteer Force Regulation Act, ana' the Industrial Schools Act. He resigned from I the Ministry in conseguence of the -removal from the public service -of r his xAA ;«na valued friend, W; A. rDuncari, ;Qo3|eetor- of Customs. : -He was succeeded in the oMce of Colonial Secretary by the Poetmaster-Geiierai, Mr. Joseph Docker, Mr. A; JiL ?P~. ^^ i^h^jroni^f in^asipxeadoJ: 1|»P^feal Depart ment, : But ^eMartUi MiniBtry after: Parkes'3 lefeciion i(^-J}Ut^^^Vj^.'-'. It .smuggled ksh for^iSKHit six:weeks,;g«ing out of office ^ &n;C|ctober SB.v ;iMr-; Paiges diaiMt again take office for iwearly 'Jour, yesirs.: '. .-.'\^%:::''.i-i:^,'.yi\ .-.?'??? .xr.sf.v/. ?';-.?: solution of the then Parliament (tare fifth) in No- 1 vember, 1869. At the ensuing general election J he Teas elected for Bast Sydney December 3, 1869 ;| but being overcome by financial difficulties o-ncei again, he resigned his seat. Without seeking thel honor, however, he was again elected iu No vein,- 1 toer, 1870, for his old constituency of Kia-ma With- 1 in five weeks he resigned his seat in consequence j of a severe castigation he received in the leadingl ?columns of a Sydney newspaper over his recent! failure. He had ventured to adversely criticise I the acceptance of the office of Agent- General by I Mr. Cowper, who had appointed himself to thef position. Parkes's newspaper critic admitted that! Mr. powper's conduct was indefensible, but con- 1 tended that the member for Kiama was not thel persoti to condemn it. There were, in truth, f ea- f lures connected with his second failure that should I 1 have had the effect of restraining Mr. Parkes, at I any rate just, at that particular time, from play- J I ing the part of public censor. He remained out I of Parliament for a little over twelve months, t coming in nest as member for Mudgee, for which j constituency he was elected on January 2, 1872. j This seat he held for only four weeks, Parliament j (tne sixth) being dissolved on February 3 follow- 1 ing. . . . . . ? 