THE HOUR GLASS. (BY BUSY BEE.) " Timaleon" in Scratchings for the Kapnnda Herald writes:—" The Calvert Exploring Expedition have had a good send-off, almost enthusiastic in fact. According to all that has been said, Mr. Wells will be a good leader, and there is not likely to be tbe squabbling that was the experience of an exploring party which set out a few years ago. Mr. Calvert, who supphes the cash, is in many respects an extraordinary man. He has made a heap of money out of the money of Western Australian mines, just as Mr. Doolette and others have. Mr. Doolette, I hear, is worth nearly half a million sterling at the present moment. The " Chinese" wall surrounding Northampton is in a sadly dilapidated condition. Beally the people in the town should be heartily ashamed of it. Of I there is one thing to be taken into consideration, that is, the scarcity of prison labor at Northampton. It is not like G-eraldton, where the Council employs prisoners to do certain work. Northampton residents could not be expected to repair the wall themselves and I am afraid that the Governmant would raise objections to granting a snm of money for that purpose, so that if a foreign invasion should occnr, Northampton will not be a fortified town and therefore no opposition can be made against an invading host. This is a serious thing and we should advise some gentleman •who is going up for the Legislative Assembly in ten years time, to make the question one of the planks in his platform. An inventor is constructing a machine by which he proposes to revolutionise the present methods of tunnelling, the capacity of the device for " sawing: out a tunnel," as claimed, being at the rate of 23ft. a day. The apparatus is described as being 12ft. long, 4ft. wide, and 6ft. high, and, with the 14 horse-power engine which runs it, weighs some 6,3001b. The principle is that of & circular saw. Sixty drill points attached to each of two wheels, 4ft. in diameter and 8in. wide, make 6,000 revolutions per minute. The points are half-inch apart, every revolution feeding one-eighth inch, and the enthusiastic inventor i declares that it will cut 20ft. of a 6 by 8 tunnel in a day in the hardest rock. The latter being crushed as fine as wheat grains, is carried to the rear and dumped in a car. The drill points weigh onefourth of a pound each, last fonr days and are kept cool by means of a steady stream of water. Three men are required to run the machine. There is a pleasant surprise in the supplement of the Melbourne Leader this week. I call it a surprise because I was told there was a view of Geraldton in the paper and a photo of His Worship The " Vagabond," who is supposed to be the author of the sup., and it is not a bad one either, but the likeness of H.S.A and the view of Geraldton is a failure. Of course the latter may have been taken before the back yards were cleaned. The absence of the fever producing j material perhaps makes the townlook as if it had given up the ghost. Says the correspondent to the Mining Journal:—Mr. Aleck Forrest is just leaving, or has already left for home. I cannot learn whether the ex-Mayor of Perth had any great success, but I do not think his investment company "came off." The people over on this side were anxious to see Sir John, and although Mr. Aleck is doubtless a good substitute under many circumstances, there is in other ways a little too much of the shadow and too little of the substance to please. I think a visit from the Premier would not only be intensely popular, but what is better, would be of j»tens? advantage to the colony, and I know it is the hope of everyone concerned in Westralian affairs that he will be seen over here after the next session of Parliament. The following curious acconnt for restoring a chapel was engraved in French on a watch-crystal in the Swiss department of the Vienna Exposition. The whole was placed on a scroll less than an inch square. A painter had been employed to repair a number of pictures in a convent, and presented his bill in gross to the curate, who refused payment, saying that the Committee would require details. The painter produced it as follows:—Corrected and revised the Ten Commandments, 5 francs I2 centimes; embellished and renewed Pontius Pilate, and put a new ribbon in his bonnet, 3 francs 6 centimes; put a new tail on the rooster of St. Peter, and mended his comb, 3 francs 20 centimes;.replumed and gilded the left wing of the Guardian Angel, 4 francs 17 centimes; washed the servant of the High- Priest, and put carmine on his cheeks, 5 francs 12 centimes; renewed Heaven, adjusted two Stars, gilded the Sun, and renewed the Moon, 7 francs 14 centimes; re-animated the Flames of Purgatory, and restored some Souls, 6 francs 6 centimes; revived the flames of Heil, put a new tail on the Devil, mended his left hoof, and did several jobs for the Damned, 4 francs 10 centimes; put pew spatterdashes on the Son of Tobias, and dressing on his back, 2 francs; cleaned the £ars of .^Balaam's Ass, and shod him, 3 francs %.centimes; put ear-rings in the ears of Sarah, 2 francs 4 centimes ; reb ordered: the robe of Herod, and re- adjusted his wig, 4 francs 4 centimes; pat a new. stone in David's sling, oj enlarged the head of Goliath, and extended'his legs, 3 bancs 2 j centimes; decorated Noah's Ark, 3 j francs; mended the shirt of the Prodigal | Son; and cleaned the Pigs, 4 francs 9 centimes. Total, 59 francs II centimes.. . 