the primacy. of the pope. LECTURE BY ARCHBISHOP CARR. Tbe first of a series of lectures on Tho Primacy of tbo Pope was delivered Inst ovening in St. Patrick's Cathedral by tbe Arch bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Carr, in tho presence .of a congregation whioh filled every part of the churoh. The Archbishop said he did not regard con troversy as Hiiited to the spirit of Lent, Catho- lios wore perfectly firm and tranquil In their own faith, and did not nocd to havo their minds diverted from religious contemplation by gratuitous attacks on the faith of others. They did not originate controversy, but when it was forced upon them they must bo prepared to givo an account of the faith that was in them. 1 In dealing with the primacy of the Roman Pontiff, they must go back to tho very beginning of tho Christian Churoh, and patiently trace tho development of the power accorded to St. Peter and to his successors through tho early cen turies, until thoy arrived nt a time when even their adversaries admitted that the primacy was iu energetio operation. They must therefore try to enter into tho mind and spirit of those distant times. They must over remember the wide dififorence be tween tbo present and the past circum stanoos of society and surroundings of tho ohurch. They must not expoofc full docu mentary records of passing events from tho archives or printing presses of the catacombs. They must take tho evidence that had come down to them from distant ages and from different countries. In this wido range of factB' and authorities, the key of the position would bo found by keoping in mind that tho argu ment was a cumulative one. The historic facts and tho testimonies of tho fathers, on which ton largo extent an unanswerable argument from tradition in favor of the primaoy of tho Roman Pontiff rested, wero to be viewed not singly and separately, bnt in their combined and oumulativo force. The strength of such an argument was immensely increased by taking account of the admissions of adversaries regard ing its constituent parts. Whatever admissions were made by non-Catholics regarding the primaoy of tho Holy See wero spooially valu able, as thoro was no tenet of Catbolio faith against which such bitter and un reasoning prejudice existed amongst them. In dealing with tho primacy of the Roman Pontiff, it should not be necessary at the out9st to explain what every well informed student of ecclesiastical history was supposed to know, namoly, that primaoy was of two kinds— primacy of honor and primacy of jurisdiction. Primacy of honor implied precedencs in rank and dignity, but conferred no real authority or jurisdiction over others. It supposed that amongst those who were equal in authority ouo obtained the first place, the placo of honor, owing to age, position, influence or somo other 'extrinsic consideration. Primaoy of jurisdiction, on tho other hand, was a prerogative which conferred not only precedenoe in poiut of placo and dignity, but also authority over othcrB. This was the primacy or supremacy which Catholics olaimed for tho Roman Pontiff. In the whole range of early ohurch history, thcro wero few facts bettor authenticated or more satisfactorily proved than St. Peter's visit to Rome, his founding tho ohurch in that oity, and his martyrdom there. Before the fourteenth century, no ono, however hostile to the holy see, had ever ventured to deny the faot of St. Totcr'a sojourn in the Imperial city. It was reserved for Marsilliis of Padua, In furtherance of political purposes, to assert that St. Petor liad never .been , in Rome. The Archbishop then cited tbe testimony of Dr. Cate, tho Rov. Dr. Robertson, Bishop Ellicott, Dr. L&rdner; and Neale in support of the faot that St. Peter was in Rome, and said that further proof might bo found in the works of Hammond, Usher, Whitby, Blondoll, Sohnff, Scalliger AndLeClerc. Bishop Ellicott declared : — "Nothing but Protestant prejudice can stand against tho historical evidence thut St. Peter sojourned and died in Rome." Bishop Pearson, in order to prove that St. Petor and St Paul founded the Church of Romo, cited Ircnrcus, EpiphantUH and Euscbius ; to prove that they were not merely founders, but bishops of Rome, he quoted the words of Eplpbanius ; and to prove that' the bishops of Romo derived their succession from St. Peter alone, lio appealed to Cains as being a Greek,' and to tbe Latin fathers generally— Tortullian, Cyprian, Pops Stephen, Optatuo, St. Jerome, ' Sulpitiuo aud St. Augustine. To the third misstatement, namely, that St. Peter had no succesiors in the primaoy, they might oppose the testimony of eminent Pro testant writers, such asGrotinsand Leibnitz, from both of whom the archbishop quoted. Tho Rev. Mr. Hll, one of the moat recent writers on the subject, made an almost complete aur- rondor to tbe Catbolio doctrine. Ho said " The Primaoy is of our Lord's appointment ; it resides iu Rome, because Rome was chosen for St. Peter's fixed and final sec. The evidenco of this is overwhelming." Protestant historians, including Milman, told them how tho testimony of the three first centuries of the ohurch was in favor ol the opinion that St. Peter was bishop of Rome. Nuandcr testified to the autiquity of the r&nal; claims to a primacy of jurisdiction. Renan, as representing tho Nationalistic sohool, said thut "at the end of tbe second century we can also recognise, by slgnn which it is impossible to mistake, tho spirit which in 1870 will pro claim tho infallibility of the Pope. Of the curly witnesses iu point of time wasPope St. Clemont, whose letter, written about A. D. 95 to the church in Corinth, was intended to put an end to dis cussions whioh had given grievous scandal on all sides. Though the authorship of the letter was not disputed, it was the constant effort of Protestant writers to transfer from St. Clomnnt to the Roman Church the claim whioh tho latter clearly set forth to authoritativoly interfere in the affairs of a distant church. St. .Cloruent asserted, bis right to bit in judg ment on this question, whether the bishop and some of tho priests of Corinth should be deposed ; and passed judgment on tho matter. He laid claim to submission aud obedience on tbe ground that hit will was the will of God And was dictated by the Holy Ghost ; he pro mised benediction for obedience, and divine displeasure to those who resisted his sentence ; and reminded the Corinthians that it was better for thorn to bo humble and approved in tbo sliecpfold of Christ than to bo in high repute and cast out from His fold, and forfeit tho pro- inises of His Gospel. Exception had beon taken to tho use of tho words "priest "aud "fold" in the translation, but the original in the former case, meant priest or presby tor alike ; and if "Popo" wore substituted for "fold," in stead of weakening, it would be regarded by many as strengthening the argument, and giving St. Clement's letter a practical interpretation of Christ's words to St. Poter, "Whatsoever thou shalt bsnd upon oarth shall be bound in Heaven." The Archbishop quoted Crutwell, Salmon, Gore, Lightfoot and Sohaff to show the scope ami character of St. Clement's letter. Dr. Carr announced that on next Sunday ovening he would deal with the sciiptural proofs of the primacy of tho Fopo and with the testi mony of St. Ircnseus. 