Contributors' Column. Contributions intended for this column should be addressed to "Euphrosyne" (c/o Editor of the "Journal"). "Frivolous" writes: "Dear Euphrosyne,-A fun- ny thing happened to me the other evening, Which it might amuse the readers of your column to hear. I was going to a concert a few nights ago, and after waiting with a friend for some time at the corner of the street looking out for a tram and seeing none in sight, I walked to the nearest cab-stand and asked the cabman his fare into town. He told me, and I said "All right," and went to fetch my friend. As we .walked towards the cab-stand, however, I was surprised to see my Jehu whip up his horse and ' drive quietly off. I called to him in dulcet ac- cents, but he heeded not, till a bystander kindly exerted his masculine lungs on my behalf, and succeeded in bringing him to a standstill. We overtook him a few minutes later, and I asked him why he had gone off in such a hurry, and he replied that, lu the darkness, he thought I had got insde. I could not help laughing to think .what his astonishment would have been had he arrived at his destination and waited for his fare to alight. If at "all superstitious he would certain- ly have told everyone that he had driven a lady to town who had suddenly vanished into thin air, but as I have no desire to figure as the heroine of a 'well authenticated ghost story,' I am glad I undeceived him in time." "It. L." sends the following recipe for guava jelly: "Take ripe, sound fruit only; pick them immediately before using (or if bought be sure they are fresh), wipe, and place them in a preser- ving pan, cover them with water, and let them boil several hours until the juice looks pinkish ; strain them through a colander and then through a jelly bag made of unbleached calico of moder- ate fineness. To a pint of juice add a pound of sugar, then boil until it jellies. It should be Stiff enough to cut readily with a spoon. No jel- ly should be tightly covered until it is quite cold or set." "Maid" would be glad if some of our contri- butors would discuss the point as to "whether it is possible for anyone with no knowledge of me- tre to write poetry by ear only." Also whether on the plea of "Poet's Licence," "rules and regu- lations can be set at defiance." 