Bystanders' Notebook. Our immense and unctions Premier, St. George Reid, baa been talking people blind npat Broken Hill. He Tbat has drawn a white feather Upper House, before their eyes, and they have become drunk with his platitudes ; he has but breathed upon them, and they imagine a vain thing; he hath descanted on water conservation and domestic legislation alto the great future that is In store for this country and the divinity that shapBB our ends with the blessings about to be Bhowered upon up, and they cheered him to the echo. Too much Eeid hath evidently made them mad. All which artful discourse was intended to gioze over and extenuate the following : 'There were a great many other reforms to be got, and many other changes to be made in the constitution of the country » bat be was not one of those men who would never win a battle because of fight v ing too many at one time, It was because of such tactics in the past that his party bad failed to achieve its true mission, ^ipre was still another great battle to tight, and thai: was to bring the Constitu tion and the country into true harmony with popular institutions. (Hear, hear.) That could never be done until the other branch of the legislaturejwas reformed, (Cheers.) There was a remark attributed ttr the leader of the Labour Party, that unless next session the Government was prepared to fight the Upper Souse no that question the Government was to be fired out. Well, he would lake it lot of firing out, and be was ready to be fired out when there was any man living who could make up his policy forliitn. But he was glad to see that Mr. M*6owen had repudiated such sentiment*. He was pledged by every obligation an honourable man in public life could be pledged by to effect that reform; but he intended to oboee bis own methods of approaching that great fight, (Hear, bear from the noodles.) tte* did not intend to put it oft unduly. (Only, till the next election 1) He would tell them why {he did nob intend next session to put himself in a fiphtihg attitude On the question. First, became when he began « fight he intended to itick to it ton finith, and if be began a fight with the __Bipptt'_BousenextiBes8ifln, it_wouid mean, another general election probably, and throwing the whole country into the turmoil of contention before they had recovered from the' last fight.' (Insane jobjBem) AH bail the power of Humbug's name! and all bail thou Prince of it! X don*t believe that Held has nor ever had any seriouB intention of either reforming or Abolishing the Upppr House. His wild talk, at the last election of a straight-out fight to a finish with the Upper House, and cf never turning aside until it was either 'mended or ended : his talk of referendum $ voice of Democracy and a band of Democratic nominees in the^Upper Chamber, and then his knuckling under in ?he most infamous fashion after he had secured the recognition of the Labour Party and swept the country in favour of Upper House reform proves that he regards it as a pretty safe election cry ; jts a fine, large, and luscious carrot to be dangled before the voter's nose every time in order tor keep him well up to the scratch, and in order to induce him to vote the Reid Ticket on all occasions. After his election, when he should have taken the then splendid opportunity of forcing conclusions with the Upper House, he was the first to cry Peace ! peace ! when there should have been no peace. When the oouctry was looking to him (fresh in the House with the mandate of the people warm from their grasp) to fight, he was the firnt to conciliate. His nominations to tht Upper House— what were they ? With one exception men who had offered themselves to the electors »nd had been ignoir.iniouely rejected. When the fossils crushed his Referendum Bill he made not one ghost of a feeble protest, but let tbe whole matter drop to be. revived at the next appeal to the country, to again bamboozle the great unwashed. And his great domestic legis lation that is to work such wonders. What of it? Water conservation, Health Act, and Food Adulteration Act, railways, and so . forbh. Let the Democrat of this sunny land take .delight in water conservation— ' to janrtGh privately owned land, let him whoop for the expenditure of vast sums in order to grow more wool for the wool kings, and to make thegreat alienated wheat lands richer and more productive while the mass of the people starve because they have not the wherewithal to buy bread ! Will a Health Act remove the hideous parasite that preys on the vitals of the working man t Will an Act $o prevent adulteration of food fill the stomachs of tbe poor. Until the Upper House is swept away no really beneficial legislation can be passed. There* fore let the Labour Party look to it. It is not in the House to slipporfc Reid, but to get that one great reform as speedily as possible. Therefore if Reid falters, as he is undoubtedly doing, and seekB to retract — then ' Away with him ! Away with him !' May Day. * * # I have culled the following review of the condition of Socialism in Holland from M. J. de Gruyter's article on Socialism in the Dutch translation of Holland. ' Merrie England,' in the Clarion. To us, who are already in the van with the most advanced methods of Socialist propaganda, and who arn already well advanced along the road to 'Socialism in our Time,' we cannot but be interested in the condition of the Dutch and must all hope with him that the sound and simple logic of 'Merrie England ' will prepare the way to greater unity and better methods. The present state of the Socialist Movement— social movements in general in Holland— is far from bright. Divided into parliamentary Socialists, revolutionary Socialists, Anarchists, and half-a-dozen other sects, torn by bitterly hostile con* tending factions, the working classes of Holland present at this moment a most deplorable example of hopeless ^reorganisa tion and impotence, The Socialietien Bond, the oldest and largest Socialist body of the country, has been drifting more and more towards Anarchism. On the ground that the emancipation of the workers could only be obtained by an economic revolution, they adopted at their conference at Groniogue, in 1893, that mischievous reso lution: 'To take no part whatever, not even for agitation purposes, in election con tests,' thus cutting themselves adrift from the main stream of international Socialism. This action was all the more unexplaiaable and unreasonable in a country like Holland where the suffrage, wholly as yet a privi lege of Chericb, is the most glaring example of the injustice, the most arrogant exhibi tion of the disregard for fairness and equity of the dominant classes. By this fatal mistake they deprived themselves, there fore, of a most valuable means of agitation, a powerful lever for rousing the sleepy part of the Dutch working classes. Let us again hope that 'Merrie England!' will indeed rouse the Dutch Socialists to a sense that they are behind the times, and that it behoves them to put themselves in line^eith the Socialists of the obher coun tries of the world who seek to achieve their ends through political propaganda and political action. May Day. * * * If any supporter of the Labour Party wantn a bit of crood raadini? lat him c«fi t-.hn Hughenden Observer. For Proposed a long time past that news Blacklisting, paper has gone bald, headed for all persons that favour reformr- It now suggests that tbe -station owners should no longer employ men whose votes helped to defeat the chosen candidate, and goes on to show that if some such step is not taken that the electorate will 'always be as it.is now, dis franchised. Not bad, is it, coming as it doe?, from thlflaw and order party T What sort of a noise would the Courier make if anything like this appeared in a Labour paper? Longinus. * * * Everyone knows that no Government supporter would in any way intimidate, bribe, or influence an Not a Bribe, elector. If this were not Oh, dear, no ! ro widely known and _ 'v, generally admitted to be true many little things that take place at election times would have all sorbB of con 8trucbion8 put on them. A peculiar little circumstance came under my notice during the election. In an out-back town the local ageiit for the Pusto? aliste' Ass. had taken applications from shearers for pens at a oertain sheep eta* ion during the shearing. The names were submitted to the manager of the station to piok from and the success ful candidates were to be notified of their success on the Saturday following the Saturday on which the polling was to take plaoe. One of the applicants (an elector), early on the polling day, received a tele gram, sent by the Government candidate's secretary, informing him that he had a stand at the station in question. No doubt this was quite right, only I would like 'to know, if this man had not had a vote whether it would have been found neces sary to spend a shilling to let him know a week before anyone else that he had been tuccessfuL * * * In South Australia some of the clergy and the Upper Ten are deploring the fact that, the people are so The Bible in Godless tbat they, in such Schools. large numbers, declared . at the referendum taken on election day re ' Bible reading in State schools ' that they don't want it 'admitted and are conteut with their splendid system of education. Did it never strike these op ponents of progress that they themselves are both Godless and Chriatless ! Further, if they were to introduce the Bible into the schools now, Democracy has nothing to, fear and all to gain, for the Bible is one of the best political text books ever Issued. Listen, ye fossils and tyrants to what the ' Old Book ' does teaah : 1. ' The land for the people.' How do you like that, ye sneaks, 2. ' No interest, usury or increase for anything loaned.' Money grabbers and tnicere, now would your banking ac counts fare in the face of this? 3, 'No kings, queenp, or any such absorbers of the wealth of the nations.' 4. 'Woman's Rights.' 5. ' Freedom fttina sickness, and perfect health.1' 6. 'Education of a full and thorough nature for not only children, but adults.' Later on I shall mom fully show that the Bible does teach such things, and further, I think we should all take veiy active steps to get, during the next three years, every adult and juvenile in Australia to see it, too. And then we shall bear no more \f com the wealthy class and their parasites about the introduction cf the Bible in the State schools of our land, for they will find that 'Tbe Book' instead of working in their favour, Is de cidedly 'agin them 'and their evil prac tices. God save tbe People. Adelaide Man. May_DVi896. * * X ' The half-yearly meeting of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company was held in Sydney on Thursday, 30th Colonial Sugar April The report showed Refining Co., that the profits made Limited. daring the six months, after providing for interest and other charges, was £85,166 16s, 10.1, to which sum is to be added tbe balance at prrfit and loss account on 30bh September, 1395, amounting to £88,193 8s. 2d., leaving available £173,^00 08. From this amount) the payment of a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, amounting to £85,059 10s. fid. will be made, leaving to credit of profit and losB account £88,300 14s. 6d.'— Courier. Now, It would ask readers to peruse this carefully, and, while doing so, think of the fact that the men in the employ of the abovenamed company are receiving very low wageB and are working long hours for thern^^In Brisbane, the men in constant employment receive £2 per week, one shilling of which is stopped and placed to credit of a sick-benefit fund. Those whoi receive casual employment on the com pany's wharf get one shilling per hour for their services, often being called down at 12 o'clock at night on the cbance-of-a boat arriyiag^btr either discharge— ©r- receive cargo, and ou occasions have to wait as long a« three hours and then be sent home with orders to bo down again at 6 o'clock, and receive nothing for waiting time. J Of course, this latter is perhaps the men's own fault for allowing their union to pet bo weak that employers can take advantage of their weakness and pay what wages thpy please. However, that does not get away from the fact that the employe? receive low wapes while the company can afford to j pay a 10 per cent dividend to thf *hnre- i holders who sit idly by and take uo active ! share in Mie labour which' 'produce* this ! wealth— this £85,000 which, if divided amo^p pii?hty-five shareholders, wouM ei^- them £1000 apiec?, a sura which ifc would take one of the employe? eomf'thing over nine years to earn. _, ,* * * The ohairman, in his. address, informed the meeting that the company had been in existence for twenty -Bix Coloured years, and that their Labour. investments in sugar milk in N.S.W. represented an outlay of about £550,000. Then he spread himself out_ on the ques tion of freetrade as affecting the industry, and ventured to state that for every £1 of duty removed the farmers would receive 2*. per ton less for their caner 'and even then,' he said, 'the farmers will have tbe advantage of us, inasmuoh as the depreciation in the value of their land through the stoppage of the industry is not nearly so large in proportion as the loss we sustain through the breaking up of our factories. Such reduction in the price of cane will reach its limit at the end of 1898, and, although we will be quite ready to continue to work the mills after that date, and to pay for the cane hm freetrade value, with the addition of 2*. a ton for each pound of duty unrepealedVit will, in our opinion, be impossible for the farmer to grow the cane at such price unless the duty be £3 per ton, or unless tie employs coloured labour to cultivate the cane, and we follow his example to reduce the cost of catting the crop. This we will not do. White men can do all the work in connec tion with the cane in this colony ; but if the fiscal policy prevents their employment, we will face the destruction1 of the industry rather than take any part in the inttoduc tion of coloured labourers from India or elsewhere.' It is to be hoped thatour mates in the southern colony have taken note, of the covert throat conveyed/in the statement in regard to coloured labour. Many of our old colonists can recall the day when some of the Queensland planters said that they meant to carry on their plantations with white labour or throw It op. But, alas, they have lived and learned that, where they have, entered an industry in which a large amount of cheap labour is used, and against which they have to compete, the man who, having perhaps launched his little all in the enterprise, would attempt to maintain his principles against these fearful odds must go to the wall or— go back on his principles, and^Eat is what any white man will have to do who enters the sugar industry* The company, perhaps, will ultimately find itself in this nX-and sooner than eee the machinery lying idle and unproductive, it will slowly but surely sink its white labour principles in ite race after the god which has enabled it to clear £85,000 odd during the past half-year. What appears to trouble the company most is not the reduc tion in the price of cane and the introduc tion of coloured labour, but the threatened reduction of the crofits. therefore of the dividends to the shareholders, and, like most companies, I daresay they are pre- ^ pared to go a long way before they wilt ~ forego one 4©fea —of — their ' unearned increment.' # *t # Further on the chairman says : ' Another alternative — the sale of our mills to the farmers and the Govern The Company ment. .... For the Must Not Lose, loss that would be sus- ~ tained by such a sale, and by the closing of tbe mills, we have for many years been providing, acd it will, I '~ think, be sufficient for me to say on the subject now that the «um thus available, supplemented by our ravings during the next three years, will enable us to close the ? accounts by a sale without any lose of your capital.' . . . Note this last: that if the company are compelled to sell out, the sale can be completed without tbe lose of one penny of the shareholders' money ; am£=^ compare it with a previous statement — that the farmers' loss, in the case cf a stoppage of the industry, will not be nearly so large in proportion as the loss the company sustains through the breaking- up of the factories. This eounds strangp : the com pany will be able to close without th* loss of one ppr.ny of the shareholders' capital, yet their loss is greater than that of the farmeis. It really looks like a contradic tion. Ib the cbairman_ anticipating that, through the failure of this source of income^ some of the now easy-living shareholders J, ? . will have to turn to and do some honest toil ? If so, it will be a gain to the com munity. But it) looks as if the farmers will ~ be the greatest lowers, for will th»-y not have to turn round and enter into, some ne*11 line of industry, perhaps take Premier Reid's suggestion, and go in for dairy farminp. W. M'O. The idea in the Boodlewraith mind in the other colonies is that the most promis ing prospect of effecting Courier Leader the first capture for ex Revised, ploiteta wrists in Queens land. We hope therefore that Queensland will wake up to all the aspects and menaces of the Boodlewraith movement. It is, we respectfully submit, particularly the duty of honest politicians in the new Assembly bo search the poodle wraith movement thoroughly. Intrigue for alliance is probably afoot under the 'direc- tion of the clique at the Brisbane Courier building. Intrigue to oust this or that half dozen politicians may be a small matter *ben the issue involved is wholly personal in its nature. But any intrigue which comprehends the Brisbane Courier building as one of its open or secret inspiring, directing, or consenting forces is really inseparable from the ultimate as well as ^ the immediate aims of Boodleivtaith. Politicians who ehrink from the prospect of a B9od!ewraifch- captur*d Parliament legis lating &«? Capit«llstti(dfthePolit)ioaiAss. type)in our time should shrink from entering into any alliance which is really intended to assist, however warily, in the realisation* of that event. X.1T.Z, * * * It is really astonishing to find the various methods which the Fat Press adopt to cover up the ignorant 'Lamington and blunders of those of its the Eight- class who sit in high places Hour Union, and who are permitted to dip deep into the pockets of an overtaxed community. I Its latesteffortshavebeenhighlyamusing. They have been directed to cover up. the mean ness of His Excellency liord Lamiogtoa in refusing to follow out the practice of the^ Governors of the other Australian provinces by giving a mite out of his extortionate salary towards the expenses of the Slab anniversary of the Eight-hour Movement in Queensland. It need hardly tie stated that the eight-hour movement is the most popular working class movement in the world, and for years has received the support of men of every shade of political opinion. * # # Immediately the 'dreadful mistake' was discovered, the Fat Press commenced to lead the public jiittto be A lieving that the refusal Lame Excuse, was made because Law! Lamington was led to understand— by the Hon. A. H. Barlow {so the Wobkee is informed)— that the movement was purely a party political one and was part and parcel of the Labour Party's policy. An obscure illustrated print the other day fathered this lie. That his Excellency never understood any such thing is fully proven by the letter which he sent to the secretary of the Eight-hour Union, wherein hiajreasoja for refusal is distinctly and unequivocally stated : *%tkat owing to the many appeals of a charitable nature— (€2 to the Brutiner disaster, for instance)— he regretted his inability to subscribe. What more evidence is required to expose this close-fistedness on the part of Her Majesty's representative? The excuse that his refusal was baaed on political grounds was evidently an after thought, and made to mitigate an admittedly , bad stroke of policy. __ .Thanks to the courage and deter mination of the Eight-hour Union and its officials, the eight-hour men were not to be treated as so many mere children who were~ anxious to grovel /at the feet of Royalty. They thankfully declined this af fcer-thought offer, and informed his Excellency raost politely that they had no desire to trespass _=_ unduly on his generosity. These are_the indisputable facts of the case, his Excel lency's speech to the Presbyterian As sembly notwithstanding, and those who wish to1 (satisfy themselves on the matter can do so, if they are at all anxious. * * * That business of the 'early bird catch ing the worm ' has received a severe knock from Dr. Selden Talcott, Medical Science Superintendent of the v- Homoeopathic State Sweaters. Asylum at Middleton, New York, and one of the most eminent specialists regarding insanity in the world. He alleges that turning out of bed too early in the morning is re sponsible for making a lot of lunatics. ' 'A peremptory command to get tip, when ) one's eleep is as yet unfinished, is a com mand which grinds the soul, curdles the blood, swells the spleen, destroys all good intentions, and disturbs for the entire day, the mental activities of a boy just as the tornado disturbs and levels with advancing ruin a forest of mighty pines,' To the habit of too early rising on the part of young men we may, he adds, justly ascribe many cases of early insanity, of melan cholia, and of abject dementia. * The free and lazy savage gets up when he feels ready, and rarely or never becomes insane.' In further proof of his assertion, Dr. Tal cott points out the larger percentage of lunacy among country people as compared with professional men. The latter, almost without exception, get up late in the morn ing, whereas our manual labourers, in city and country, all leave their beds long be fore they should. Generally in winter they rise before daybreak. V A radical change should be wrought in our industrial sys tem/ Dr. Talcott concluded. * so^that our working men and women wb^uld not be compelled to get up, as they do to- day, before they have had a decent night's rest, The early morning bouts, when everything is still, are peculiarly fitted for sleep, and it is a gross violation of all the laws of nature to tear human brains out of the sound rest they enjoy at this time.'' When Science takes off its coat to fight Greed on behalf of Humanity the sweater will have a bad time of it. And serve the brute right. WV V. ? ' * * # There is joy ia the ranks of Labour. There is rejoicing at the retain of the champions after their The ' Dally temporary sojonrn at the Post' Case, expense of 'Her Host Gracious.' Messrs. Holman, Smith, and Wooldridge are with us again; the appeal to the Full Court having proved eminently successful inas much aa the judgment has been completely, reversed and the men immediately set at liberty. The point appealed upon was that the Judge was wrong in not allowing the defendants to go into the witness-box as well as make a statement to the jury. The Judge^^^e^^UJ^u^^erejw^c^i in the opinion that isuch judgment^was entirety erroneous and could nob be upheld. The reversion of judgment came an a. surprise to all of us. We were afraid even to hope for success knowing how difficult it is for any Labour man to escape from the clutches of the tow. At the Defence Committee's rooms—from which centre much active work has been done in the matters j-l. explaining the true facias of the case to the public ; pointing out to them the honesty of purpose and sterling integrity of the men ; agitating to keep up sympathy with them while undergoing their unjust sentences ; appealing (and this was the hardest pwt) to needy audiences for funds to keep the wives and families of the m^n irom jEJjoaple^T destitution ; agitating art! appealing for money to fee the lawyers in order to successfully carry through the appeal to the Full Court; alt this has radiatedf from that little centre, from the men-pjtnd women composing It— a great meeting, was held, and when we saw comrades come into therooms freemen once again, ready- to- throw jbhemselves into the struggle and the turmoil, ready again to wear out heart, and body and brain in the cause of the toiler, we were proudly con scious that our efforts had borne fruit plentifully ; we knew that, as one of the released ones said, the punishment of coming as disgraced men to face a celd-and ^unsympathetic world was removed from them. That the magic touch of sympathy had turned what might have been a punish ment into a glpry. We desire to thank most heartily all those friends _who have assisted in this joyful consummation. We thank those who have given to the fund. We thank those who would have given but who were unable. We thank those who, in workshop, or factory, or out on buildings, or in the fields, or in any place whereso ever, who have upheld the righteousness of effort, honesty of purpose, and general rectitude of the Daily Post directors. As Mr. Holman said at the committee rooms, ' they stuck to the poBt of duty when men who were actuated by motives of common prudence, or common selfishness, would have stood aside and let the paper go.' That it did go eventually was no fault of the dirpctors but the workers themselves. One last word; as they all concurred in saying that, should it ever be necessary for tihfl welfare of the cause, they would cheer fully go through the same experience again, so I know all sympathisers would concur in reiterating the warm sympathy and kind asBiBtanoe whioh they have so lately shown. Mat Day. 