M^ w » R. BLAND HOLT, -who 111 has made way at the The igl aitre Royal for Miss Maggie Jf* Moore's short farewell sea £5\ son, opens to-night at Bris f +J bane, where he is likely to y tarry for about four weeks. Va Nat Goodwin's company, M& now playing in Melbourne,, '*T -will shortly be joined by I -Maxime Elliott, who is said to be one of the handsom feat women on the American stage. : The Potter-Bellew season in Adelaide ^seems to Be going on prosperously. Mr. Bellew's Orlando In 'As Tou Like It' has been much admired. The programme for the present week was to include the' Fiiench play -of 'Charlotte Corday' and Sheri dan's 'School for Scandal,' two productions Which stand sufficiently far apart in the dramatic order. It is -reported that the rights of 'Joseph of Canaan' have been secured by Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew, and that they intend to present the gpiece in New York early next year. These ar *ists are announced to appear next Saturday night at the Sydney Lyceum, whence the 'Chinatown' Company will flit southwards. . .-The celebrated French composer Planchette has tfteen engaged to write a ballet for the London Al iambra on the subject of 'Rip Van 'Winkle,' twhich, 'it will be remembered, he has already ?dealt with for the comic opera stage. '., The late }Fred. Leslie made a great hit as the hero. : 'Ah almond-eyed exponent of the dramatic art, 'whom an American paper describes as the Bern iardt of China, recently made her appearance in New York in a piece called 'The Singing of the ?Apple.' This visitor from 'far Cathay' figures on the bills as Madame Yet Know. In this case the 'book of ±he play' in English (or American) Twould seem to be more of an indispensable ad junct than ever to the enjoyment of New York .jpatrons of foreign theatricals. One of the definitions of genius is the capacity ior taking infinite pains.. There would not seem *o be any general impression -that the late Sir [Augustus Harris exactly belonged to the order of ^geniuses, but at any rate he is spoken of on all Stands as a man who spared no trouble in respect of details. Hence his remarkable success as a theatrical manager. An English contemporary *ells some anecdotes of him which illustrate this Side of his character, as well as others, which show Slim to have had a very ready wit: To judge of his care about detail it was best to see trim at a pantomime rehearsal. Sir Augustus, hold ing 'his *coat skirts in -his, hands and attitudinising at ffihe' bead of a bevy of ballet girls, would have made ' «. dyspejrtie la.ugh. ' At the opera rehearsal, too, he mould march' in front of the supers, then rush at ifche prima donna with wild motions of -the arms, then ?come down to the footlights and talk to the conductor, jhls bints, although he was quite ignorant of music, JSeing always of value. When at the last rehearsal of ?''La. -NavaiTaise' M. Massenet insisted upon a volley of musketry, -which broke several panes of glass in -tne Floral Hall. Sir Augustus with a smile on his tfaoe, told him it was a pity that a composer ever came Jbo rehearsal at all. And at the dress rehearsal of {Mackenzie's opera, 'The Troubadour,' when the late JDr. Hueffer, of 'The Times,' came on the stage as Sibrettist to give some hint, Harris seized him by the ftradst, and pirouetted round with the portly author to tthe huge amazement of the professional ballet. Sir JAugustus had a ready wit. When charged at a pub lic meeting with 'nobbling the press' he turned the laugh upon -?'« assailant by offering £100 if bis heck Her would tell him how to do it, for he said. —'I have fceen trying It these ten years.' , Again, his retort in ?the cross-examination of counsel concerning his Italian ? 'common or garden Italian, otherwise Covent Gar den Italian'— will be recollected. ;! lAt a revival of Marlowe's play of 'Doctor Faus tas.' which was recently to be given by the . -Elizabethan Stage Society, a prologue was to be spoken -which Mr. Swinburne was to supply. The jVietbrian poet is a great admirer of him of the ?'spacious time of Great Elizabeth,' and regards 'him as one of the most gifted of the immediate predecessors of Shakspere.' One of the performances of 'Carmen' — the dra matised version — at the Gaiety Theatre, London, ?with Miss Olga Nethersole as the heroine, was at ' tended by Madame Sarah Bernhardt, who, after the play was over, warmly complimented Miss Nethersole. This may have been some consola tion for the fact that, as far as the playgoing pub lic 'generally was concerned, 'Carmen' fell flat A Paris paper, in a gossiping article on the atrical matters, has a 'reference to a custom which was prevalent during a great part of the eight eenth century, and which was known to the English as well as the French stage. That was the admission of certain privileged persons on the toards while the performance was actually going on. These intruders were not indeed unwelcome to many of the players, especially the female con tingent of them, for they were lavish with their money. Very often, thanks to their munificence, banquets, which in the ordinary theatrical course would have been mere make believe festivities, 'were converted into real ones. But such hob nobbing of 'persons of quality' with actors and actresses,, as may be imagined, was apt to seri ously interfere with the success of a piece. It ?was a constant source of annoyance and appre hension to sensitive dramatic authors. , Voltaire, who was one of the most irritable as surely as he. ? was one of the- most gifted of the tribe, com plained bitterly of what he had suffered through vthe,« prevalence of the habit in question. It had, as/he complained in the preface to his tragedy of 'Semiramis,' served to kill one of its best scenes Jat the first representation at Paris in 1748. The modern Paris journalist thus refers io the inci 'Sent: 'There 5s,' he says, 'in 'Semiramis.* as In all tragedies of the lofty kind, a dream— not better than a rdream, an apparition, the shade of Ninus (the mur dered husband of the Queen) arising from his tomb Jto -titter predictions lugubrious enough to make the iAngel Gabriel jealous. Then, after having indulged ?so impressively in the prophetic vein, the ghost must -return in, a majestic -way to his mausoleum. But un Jfortunately the broad back of one ot the extra 'as sistants' at the . performance ? in question, while ob jStruciSng the vjew of the other spectators, prevented *he. g&ost; from advancing. The whole effect was 'spoiled. Stumbling through his parting words, and embarrassed with his shroud, the royal shade, retired at ^ne wing,, ammsi a. running nre ox jests. f ?- .'? ' ? : This* misadventure recalls a yet more laughable .one. in which a theatrical apparition also figured -prominently. . The scene, however, was not in ^France but. in Ireland. . 'It happened in the days of ?'Grattan's 'Parliament.' Private theatricals were then much in vogue' among the Irish gentry. Henry 'Flood, . Grattah's famous rival in politics, was -reckoned a capital amateur actor, so good a one that ; he' could play even the arduous part of Macbeth' in very creditable style. On an occasion when he essayed It before a very brilliant audi ence, the ghost of Banquo was represented by Sir Hercules Langrishe, who Is chiefly, remembered mow in connection with the letters on Irish affairs addressed to - him by Edmund Burke. The ban quet, it may -be noted, was in this instance no mock one either. The table exhibited a choice display of viands and liquors. ' As the 'blood ?Soltered, Banquo' approached it, he was observed to contemplate a bottle of claret with an expres sion, which altogether, belied the frenzied exclama tion of' Macbeth that the supernatural visitant had no 'speculation' in his eye. Banquo deliberately raised 'the' bottle to his lips, -and emptied the con tents, 'while the audience laughed sans intermis sion.- Flood, as may 'be supposed, was terribly tfncensed, aad'sent a challenge to Langrishe. They .exchanged shots, but luckily neither was hit. Sir Hercules explained that when he introduced the new 'business' in the banquet scene he was suf fering, so' much 'from thirst .that if he had given «p the bottle' he must have given up the ghost. ? \ The Teference to 'Macbeth' serves as a further Snepiinder^with-Jnespect, to Voltaire's 'Semiramis,' ? Inasmuch as the pteface to that tragedy contains one t)bf^ its: author's most 'malicious attacks on Shakspere. ^Speaking of 'Hamlet,' lie says: \- .'? Itlsa-gross and barbarons piece, which would nev,er 4be tolerated by the vilest of the ..populace of France' or Italy. -Hamlet ;goes mad in the -second act, and 'his ?anistress :in 'the thirtJ. ' The' prince .kills -jthe father of Ibis /mistress while pretending to kill a rat, and; the Iheroine throws -herself into a -river. ' They dig ia Bra*e^.-niJ4aie. (Stage; -*iu± -grave-diggers; indulging «ii : JoKestjulte.wortliy of them, , and holding Jiuman £kuHs 3n their Viands.- Meanwhile, one of the characters is supposed *o have made the conquest of Poland. Ham let r Jii? moSSfer.ir&jid;:-nls;taUier- ln-law-are carousing *pgether, ? ^TheyjSlng at table, they .guarrel and fight, i : ona-kttl one-anoHjer. :- .11 -might .well;, indeed, be be-:i lleved that this ^ori; was; produces Jjy the Imagiaa-. , ' iHoii^.^drnnk^j''rBayage.;:. ;. / ;',.:.;..;,;,..,? . ' . ;: ..',;:.? ,a, ??/.... lie iraSlei iai Shaksperein this outrageous manner, is ftoeh Voltaire admits that :there are in the ^ngiishippet -fitraitS' jot sublimity -wdrthy of the '.£^t^^oi^^^:.-^4l^*;'«-!^-i(-wii^gesiiliat':-tiie.. jpE3^^-''I%^^^eiitly;'.'i^BE^igS\ io 'Mm.rthe,-: '? ' stiSi^r^neC'whi^i 'lie ,^tiOTttc^-!in^.'Seipfami^?.? ?: '?' - ??&ifti;^i&&&pJ;^oBtB*tixe!, .Jve^-^Jbagy r-appMtioiS^ ?' ;. ;:*'4iraii£«i'%a%Be.^' ';''.v^;S; ; -.'/,;. ;;f'.'7C, ^.V^-:.^;-^ Mme. 'Berhhardt has written a play which «he wUljShortiy produce in Paris. In connection with negotiations tot the production of an English ?er sion of 3t, the aame of Mies Olga 'NetherBole has been meritloried 