THE HOSPITAL ROW. MARY ASN Elf LIGHTENS THE STRANGER. "Fm a housemaid here in Ilunvlle-street, my name is Mary Ann, And I've gut a masher sweetheart, a lawny-tennis man. And you?" "Well, I'm a stranger, who would hear about the row That's bustin" up the Hospital, which is serious you'll allow." "The very place," the stranger said, " to do a little pibchin'." " Here, take a scat, don't be afraid, the boss is out to-night. And the missis she's bin in the sun, and isn't feeling right. Well, the row, you know, it first broke out among them blessed nurses; Then Charley he went sailing in with many cheerful curses. The "lections they was drawing nigh, and the Premier says, says he Twill set the masses 'gainst the classes, and suit m« to a T.' The doctors then laid hack their ears, and went for that 'ere Premier, Bat which of 'em came out on top is more than I can tell yer; But in a body they resigned, and Charley then imported Two sawbones from another clime like pickles that's assorted. But things somehow don't seem to gee, for since the new men came. The dreth it's bin a smouldering hare bust into a fiame, For reports of operations which to close enquiry led, Have moved the people's pity, and filled their n>in with dread. So to soothe uneasy feeling a Board had been appointed. With Tucker as the Chairman, the Premier's own anointed. And Coombs, the early-closing man, great Charley's fellow barracker. With Mrs. Blan£ and Mrs. Dash, both ladies of good character. TVas nice to gaze npon that Board, the Mayor in the chair, With Mrs. Dash on his right band, so gay and debonair. And Mrs. Blank, who's trimly built, in gorgeous array. And Coombs the football barracker, all eager for the fray. Now, with one o' them 'ere ladies, you see, I'm well acquaint, And strange to say, she pooler scorns, nor does she ever paint, Which proves that she's - a angel—and may St. Bridget bless her— That's bow she found it easy to flummux the Professor." But pardon me," the Stranger said, "was that 'ere Board appointed To enquire about the patients who had died and bin disjointed, And to cross-examine Doctors and Professors of pathology. And pat 'em f-traicht on questions that affects symptomatology T "Of course," the housemaid quick replied, "for who'd be better fitted Than Mayors, and tootball bamckers, and ladies ready witted. With high attainments such as these, not one would hesitate To steer a modern man-o'-wtir, or guide the Ship-o'- State. But somehow there is still a hitch, in spite of foreign labour. Vet the Premier swears he'll import more, for.that's his only saviour. These Englishers,' says he, 'will pat the local men to rout For daring for a moment an Autocrat to Soot. 1 " The Stranger man he mused awhile, with eyes fixed on the floor. Then be gazed npon the maiden and then toward the door. His eyes grew wild; his cheeks grew pale; and, murmuring low and sad, He vrhispereti, " Are the people here stark, staring, raving mad? And when," cried hej" do steamer sail for foreign distant clime?" "For Cannibal Islands 7" said the maid; "there's one as Bails at nine." He grabbed bis hat, rushed through the door, nor «tay*d to say good-bye. But bee- liue made towards the Port with honor in his eye. He streaked it through the Bowden bricks, throngh Hindmarsli and Kilkenny, Nor yet for Alberton's sandhills he didn't care a penny, And people cried, as tenor-sweat from pallid brows they wiped, '"Tis surely some poor sinful ghost a flying round to- night." He reached the wharf; the steamer's off; but with a mighty bound That Stranger man stood on her deck, and he was safe and sound. And then, as soon as he found breath, he lifted up his voice. And bless'd his stats that he'd escaped, and loudly did rejoice. " For cannibals I much prefer," said he, " to cruel fclk, Who treat the sufferings of the sick as 'twere a glorious joke. Who set their football barrackers to badger their Professors, And crown with laurel and with bays, an Autocrat's caressers." JOHN RICHARDS. 