~h4 torg teýer.. O. APTE1 VI,-Continued. Alice had blushed, but now she was pale. 'I have no aristocratic connections, Lord :: : lRadine;' she answered quietly ; 'I am only a farmier's' niece.' '. Bub you have their face The Arnolds are a strangely lovely family -forgive me for p aying you so gauche a compliment ; but you are fairer than was. the Lady Enid Arnold, whose portrait hangs in my mother's room, a :and who died years ago, and she was supposed to have been the greatest beauty of her time.' ? I have no family,' repeated Alice. 'I was only a farm girl. ' You will have heard how I came--to-to marry the earl; before then I was neglected, ill-used, and miserable I even taught myself-at least, the village S-schoolmaster helped me for some time, but he died two years ago, and then I had no one to-assist me. ' 'I do not care what you were,' cried Lord Radine fervently, reaching for her small hand and carrying it to his lips; 'but to me you are the embodiment of everything that ''is perfection.' Valerie turned, at this instant, and the : earl, looking back, also saw the young man's courtesy and admiration. ' My lady Alice progresses,' remarked Val. eri,' with a sneer. ' Roy, you must look after . . your wife.' .. Lord Darrell did not answer ; he uncon -' seiously tightened his hold on his reins, and -' his brows met in a frown. :Something in the sight he had just seen vexed him strangely, and for the first time since, hisreturn he beheld Alice's beauty in .all its power. Valerie saw the frown and her heart leaped. 'He& is very angry with her,' she said to herself. She .checked her horse, and the earl did so also. i 'What is the matter?' asked Lord Radine ..quiuckly. I forget the exact path,' said Valerie, -,'and. Roy knows absolutely nothing about it.' \- 'I will go and inquire,' said the earl hurriedly. ' No, Darrell, loe me,' and Lord Radino rode rapidly down the path to the right. Alice whose checks were still flushed from !* modesty at Lord Radins's moast outspoken admiration, reined in her horse, a few paces away. Valerie chatted on, taking no notice of the young countess; but, strange to say, the earl was watching his wife with a feeling akin to amanzement and admiration. A How well she sat on her horse? How golden and beautiful was her hair I What dark long lashes framed her eyes I Last night he could see nothing but Val erie, the w.oman he loved ; now his whole attention ? ?s turned on a woman he had airried,, \ Alice was unconscious of his :gaze,' and wheti he moved near to her, and rectified some fault in her reigns, she woke from her dreams with a start; and turned pale and cold. Valerie noticed Roy's changed expression, and jealousy burned in her breast. ' Come, Roy, Lord Radine is waving to us,' she exclaimed, and he, moving to her side, they put their horse to the trot down the lane. Alice felt a choki~ngsensationin her throat. Without another thought, she wheeled her horse round and cantered wildly in the opposite direction. She had lost all control of her feelings; sobs burst from her lips. The poor young wife was utterly, terribly unhappy. She knew not what to. do or where to go, but she felt that something must, end the torture she was enduring, or she must die. She cantered on, unheeding and plunged in her thoughts till the trembling of her horse caused her to think of him, and as she came to a sort of thicket, she loosened her rein and let him stand. She must have ridden some distance, for even to her, who knew the country well for miles :aound, having walked it in the byegone days, it was strange. She looked round at first in surprise ; then a little alarmed, she began to feel weary from her agitation and exercise, when the sound of a cherry whistle was born to her ears, and the next minute a footstep rustled over the dying leaves, and a tall, well-built young man canie towards her. He stopped amazed as he saw the lhvely girl on horsebank, her golden curls floating from their rough contact with the wind in' picturesque confusion round her face and neck. 'I beg your pardon, can I help you ' he said suddenly, lifting hid hat. Alice hesitated, then meeting his frank boyish face, she answered: 'If you will, please. I have los' my way.' ' You are in the Abbey Woods; we are close'to the old Abbey-the ruins are just beyond those trees.' 'The Abbey I' exclaimed Alice in surprise, 'I thought I was quite in the opposite direction-they hayv taken the wrong p .th.' 'You have bIncm,n s p'rated fr .m y ur friends Z' asked the young man, glancing agai l and again at her. ' Yes.' 'Well, perhaps I can assist you. Do you want to find the Abbey Z' ' I think I had better go there, as they will in all probability make their way to it,' replied Alice. 'Let ome lead your horse. May I intro duce myself ? I amt Frank Meredith at your service.' 'And I -call me Alice,' said the young countess quietly. ' Miss Alice? What a pretty quaint name -so old fashioned I Do you like this part of the country I I am staying down hero with friends. I have been shooting, as you see, though the sport is not good. Nothing, seems to live round the old Abbey-oven the birds and insects desert it. It is dead, indeed,' lic listopeed to 'ralk MBFordith'u asyJ chatter quietly. She agreed with him in his estimate of the spot. Never had she seen so weird and strange a place, and as they came in full sight of the place she could not repress a shudder which the young man noticed. 'Yes; is it not dismal I It looks like a great grey ghost. I really don't think I shoul care to venture into its gloomy vaults, even in broad daylight.' ' Who owns it?' asked Alice suddenly. ' My friends did tell me, but I have for gotten. I will ask them again when I go home. Now, Miss Alice,, shall I leave you here alone, or will my presence annoy you if I remain ?' 'Oh, stay, please,' cried Alice, her nerves unstrung still by the terrible strain put on them at the time of Eustace Rivers' murder ; 'perhaps they will not be long.' 'T wonder if I shall see you again,' said Frank Meredith after a pause, while he stroked the horse's neck; 'I am staying here another fortnight.' ' You may, perhaps,' answered Alice; she was drawn towards the young man by his frank ways. He seemed little more than a boy to her, though he numbered over twenty years 'It seems a strange thing to say,' went on the young man quickly, 'but if ever you want me to do anything, if I can I will.' Alice blushed a little, then paled. ' Why do you say this ' she asked hur riedly. 'I cannot say. I only know I would give all I possess to be your friend. You don't look happy. I should like to help you.' Alic: hesitated, then held out her hand. 'You shall,' she said simply; 'I have not one friend in the whole world. You shall be the first.' 'Oh, thank you,' he cried. ' If you want me write to me there, or there; be sure if I can I will always come'-handing her two cards.' Alice took them quietly. Some curious intuition seomed to come over her that she would need hii aid, but she said nothing, and the next instant the sound of voices came to their ears, and the earl, Valerie, and Lord Rtadine appeared before them. ' What a fright you have given us, Lady Darrell,' exclaimed the latter as he rode quickly up. Frank Meredith drew back. Lidy Darrell I This young lovely girl who had just accepted his friendship I Could it be true ? he thought. 'We thought you were losb, my Lady Alice,' observed Valerie with a drawl, glan cing at her young rival with an expression that said, ' We wished it, too.' 'Hfow did you miss us ' asked Roy coldly of his wife. ' You have come much the longest way round.' 'I enjoyed my ride,' Alice repliod, quietly and coldly too. LI am so sorry you did not see me beckon,' continued Lord Radina. ' But now let uy explore the ruins.' ' By all means,' cried Valerio. Then in a lower voice, ' Who is this gentleman 1' 'This is Mr Meredith, who was kind enough to show 'me the way, Lord Darrell,' explained Alice quietly. The earl spoke a few cold words of thanks to the young moan; then, with an expressive glauce ao AJlio Frank 1eredith bawed zu4 took his leave, still plunged- in amazement, yet strangely pleased to think he was her friend. 'A very pretty boy,' exclaimed Valerie. 'Don't you think so, my Lady Alice 1' 'He looks good and honest,' Alice replied, speakirg her thoughts... Lord Radine looked sulky, and Valerie observed once more, in alarm, that R ~y was gazing at his wife with an expression of strange interest. Could it be possible 'he was b ginning to admire her, after all I She must work this way, at all hazards. 'Now for the ruins 1. Roy, give me your hand.' The earl was beside her instantly, and she jumped to the ground. Lord Radineput up his hand to help Alice. 'I don't think I will.come,' she said draw ing back. 'What, Lady Alice afraid I' observed Valerie, with a sneer. 'If you are nervous remain out in the air, by all means,' said Roy almost con temptuously. When he was not looking at Alice he for got her charms, and only ramembered her as the blot on his life. ' I will stay with you,' whispered Lord Radine. 'No, I will go,' Alice said firmly, her face glowing white beneath Valerie's sneers, 'I am ontly tired, not frightened.' She slipped from her horse, and gatheting her habit in her hand, hurried after the others. Lord Radine tied the reins of the four horses to a stout branch and followed her. At first Alice could see nothing, as she crept through the damp mouldy ruins of what had once been noble halls, but the forms of those two on ahead so lobs in one another's presence, but as they penetrated into the gloomy vaults her strange sense of fear returned, and she shuddered again and again. But for her pride she would have turned back and fled into the op'.n air, but Valerie's taunting voice came to her ears. They climhed up the broken fragment of stone steps to what had been a tower, Roy tendorly helping Valerio over the rough stcnes. Lord Radine went first up the stops, then bent to give his hand to Alice, when glanc ing round nervously, she thought she saw somethiing glittering from a dark corner beneath an ancient archway. She checked the cry that rose to her lips, and glanced again ; this time she saw plainly the something that glittered were two dark eyes set in a pale grim face. Sho drew her hand swiftly from Lord Radine's hold. ' I can go no farther'; I am tired,' she said hurriedly, and turning, she fled white and trembling back to the entrance. ' y Lady Alice is frightened, after all,' sneered Valerie, with a short laugh. Roy glanced at his wife's white face con temptuously, then turned a look of love and admiration on the proud beautiful woman beside him. Lord Radine hurried up to Alice. 'You are looking quite startled and ill, Lady Darrell,' he said in consternation. * Wtb waM it--did ho oeo got i' b ' .' Yes, I saw a ghost,' Alice answered faintly. She did not add that the ghost was a man of flesh and blood with an ugly scar across his face; she was silent beneath Valerie's so .ffs and cruel sne rs, forbearing to answer them as she might have done, for in that ghost in the dark corner she had recognised Valerie's disgraced and hated brother, Paul Ross. 