NEWGATE PRISON AND THE OLD BAILEY, LONDON. No. 2. (BY SILVERPEN ) Newgate Prison was, in the early part of the present century, one of the principal prisons iu England. Its appearance from the outside was a formidable pile of blue granito, adorned with all that archi tectural skill conld devise. A writer of the period says;—‘.The entnp-. tnousness of the outside of Newgate Prison but aggravated the misery of the wretches, confined within.’ It is not, therefore, to be wondered at that Newgate Prison, then called the home of- corruption, dirt, and villany, should be visited by a terrible spiv ‘ demic. ; Tho jail fever took off the prisoners, male and female, by scores. Indeed, so fearfully did the fever rage that medical men (usually brave) declined to go inside. Many who did venture, came out plague-atrioken, and fell victims to tho scourge, thus paying with their lives for their humanity and devotion to their oalling. A writer of the day, 'in the Gentleman's Magazine, says — 1 About thiß time, an effort was made to classify the prison into five’ principal divisions or sides. ‘ Tho master’s side’ for felons and debtors who oould afford to pay dearly for '.the accommodation. The 1 common side’ for the same two classes nf prisoners, and the * preßs yard’ which was kept exclusively for pert sons of note, these last-named by their posi tion and wealth were placed far above the misery and disaomforte that assailed their leas fortnnate companions, for they not only had every luxury that money oould purohaae, but were allowed to do almost as they pleased, except escape. * This,’ says the writer, ' can only be accomplished by heavy bribes, which, as we have already said, were frequently given.’ It is asserted that daring thß fever plague, lunutics absolutely under no control, paced the wards of the prison to the utmost terror of the occupants, aud into this 1 hell upon earth’ would many rich prisoners bring their wives aud families. Coining, says he, about this time oame into great prominsnee, and not even the heaviest penalties could check the crime. Coining was cited ns h’gh treason; men sentenced were hang, drawn and quartered; women burnt alive, Elizabeth Hare being so punished in Busshill Fields, now City road. Branding was resorted to in the 16th century, for we read in ‘Fox’s B~ok of Martyrs’ in religious persecutions, degrading .public expoauro, mutilation, dismember ment, whipping, and branding were in the lißt of pnnishments. But-1 mast stop here, or with the infor mation I have collected I might tire the reader with these terrible stories. Thsc Old Bailey. If the ghosts of those who have stood be hind the bar of the Old Bailey could arrange themselves before our eyes what a parade of strange faces and queer characters we would socl I was present in the Old B'iley at the trial of the adventuress, Mrs Gordon Bailee, the lady who in Melbourne and throughout Australia championed (?) ..the Scottish crofters, and so sweetly befooled the Victorian public. Mrs Gordon Bulm in the dock looked altogether ‘ the lady.’ After seeing her there I thought it no wond°r a former Minister of the Crown in Victoria was duped by her appearance and plausibility. Her history, from her first to her last escapades, was brought out iu evidence. I noticed his Lordship the Judge (Justice Hawkins, I think) during the evidence of somo of the witnesses look round at the Lord Mayor, who sat alongside him on the bench, whispered (I have little doubt) his surprise at the lady’s (?) audacity. Her Parisian experience was the most sensational; but when it came to her Aus tralian doings she seemed greatly amused, and had a quiet laugh at the expeuse of her dupes. The Old Bailey svas crowded with legal luminaries; hat she stood the quizzing nf eyeglasses and opsraglasses with an abandon wonderful to those who sat out the trial. Every inch of sitting and standing room was monopolised—hundreds stood for hours outside the. building, waiting the olmhce to got in and have a peep at her lodyship. Every phase of the case was argued by the hangers on of the law courts ou the stairs aud in the lobbies. Bets were freely offered nnd taken that tho woman who had fnoled the Australian and Parisian aristocracy would be acquitted, and at one time I really thought this would be the esse. When the evidence was weak, the prisoner Btniled, nnd jotted down the fact. When it was damning, and dead Bgainst her, ehe brazened'it out; but with wonderful tact, never displaying, but by a ladylike bearing, that she was vexed or annoyed at what she heard sworn to. Whoa her former escape's from the clutches nf the law wore adverted to she looked the picture of innocence, and even then felt sure of an acquittal. And 1 must say, so far as I could hear amidst tho buzz of tho court after the judge had charged the jury, the majority of those present sympathised with this mar vellously vain, conceited womnu, and hoped she would get off. The jury, however, soon agreed npon their verdict. The Judges’ associate, on their re-appear ing in the box, naked the question amid a painful Bilenoe— Gentlemen of the jury, have you agreed upon your verdict ? Do you find the prisoner at tho bar guilty nr not guilty ? Even then the prisoner seemed hopeful. But when tho foreman annonnoed their decision as ‘guiltj*,’—she who so well played the part of the innocent dropped her arms from leaning nn the dook railing, and for the firßt time during the trial, gave wav to tears, I honestly believe his lordship expected a different ending to the trial—he did not look pleased, and, after a formal speech, Ruid, ‘The sentence of the court is five years’ penal servitude.’ ’ The prisoner looked dazed, hut did not faint, looking round the court for a second with her handkerchief to her eyes. She quickly turned round, and, aided by tho lemalo warder iu waiting, disappeared down tho underground stairs on her way to the • bird o»go’ walk to await the 1 Black Maria’ escort to Clerkonwell gaol. So passed away to the oonvictß’ home a woman of rare ability, educated nnd pre-. possessing, buttherocan be little doubt an adventuress and a swindler of the first order. Oscar Wilde and Taylor. My next visit to Old Bailey was in 1595, when Oscar Wilde and Taylor were tried for unnatneabie offences. Here was a thoroughly educated gentle man —an author and dramatist —whose income from tho royally on his bonks and plays daring his trial was at least £lOOO per annum. But if the horrible evidence brought out at the trial was true, lie and his onmpanion Taylor wern prinoes in vice and debauoliory. Wilde’s fellow- prisoner, Taylor, quite a young man in appearance, had squandered a fortune of £OO,OOO in a few years. This was willed him by his father. Although he appearod in the dock with the manners of of a gentleman (judging by the courteous way lie addressed everyone, from warder to lea'ding lawyer), yet his phrenological de velopment was that of a sc'undrel. He, indeed, frnm tho evidence adduced, was the chief actor in the debauchery of Wilde, and the procurer of victims for their joint lust. No sane man oould oven fancy the horrible beastiality of tho evidence given by the young fellows who appeared for the prose cation. The trial lasted several days, and ended by both ‘Wilde’ nnd ‘ Taylor’getting two years in prison, his Lordship regretting that ho conld not order them bath to be flogged and kept for at least 10 years in bondage. The Boston Road Murder. The Euston Road murder was for Borne time a myslery. A little, tiny woman, whom I have frequently passed in that locality, as I rrcognißed her portrait at one", is visited by a big, burly man, whom she first intoxicates aud then brutally murders—then unaided ! it is said—packs the dead body ia a big box, mid hits it removed as luggage to another locality. , But she waa captured, tried, convicted and sentenced to death, l’he sentence was afterwards commuted to imprisonment for life, and to day she is undergoing her sen tencs at Wormwood Scrnbba prison in the next cell to Mrs Mnybriclc, who poisoned her husband (the Liverpool merchant), and is, as the papers say, taking it quite easy. The great difficulty with tho jury was to helievo that a little mite of a woman, not more than seven stone weight, could commit the deed, nnd place the dead body in the box unaided. To look at the prisoner you would really think she could not possibly do it. But she did it, nnd as the London papers said at the time, should have suffered the extreme penalty. I have a few other cases jotted down I saw tried, but the foregoing will have to euffioe, till at some other time I feel in clined to overhaul my notes of prisoners I saw in the dook when in England, at the Old Bailey, London. 