LOU AX. AJNL> GENEKAU One eifip last week 4m1c 10,673 hides from Tonvnsrille ; a record shipment in one bottom. The Manctoester Corporation made a profit or £11,000 last year in eup ^ pfcing lie «3ectxic Siglrt. T9ic Queensland jam fa £5i.7&) worth of jam doting 1885, with die assistance of 101 Jxands, and 1 ever to many tons of pie-aMfons. An aboriginal appeared jib the Mel bourne Police Court the other -day upon some chatge or other, and npoi> being asked bow he pleaded, anamerea -Beriiceman. happen cateb nre." In consequence of infonoxtioii re ceived yesterday, Detective WQnater arrested a man named Cua^beB in High Street qpotr a. tibaxge of em btasScmemt at A. 11. Newman and Co.'e. I'fobibrtioii appeass to bare prohi bited itself at Sydenham for at the last Municipal election -all throe pro hibition candidates-two of tbom oem bets of Parliament-iwm very twdly defeated. taring to the tooxsteroas weaSier on the coast, (the TowDcmHe Show lias been. po^pomjed until ttie 21Snd Ocbobert Intending cxhibttorE on' CtkUters Tow eis are notified tbait entries will be reoerred at tiie offices of Bfrtssis. Alan i B. Bright and Co, up to oei.t Satmdaj week, the 17tb October. If tbc ticks leaves' us ao(r beef to export, there will probably lie a. big maitet for jweserved meals in Sontb Africa, where there is a big eutd gnn ing population, and .-wbere t be rinder pest bas done more -deadly TFork jthau Uie tick bas be re. Hbe caWfe on -the subject should bid catUemmios 32K? weather yesterday lacing lav arable, up-R-ards of 700 persons, in-1 duding a number of children, CraveUed by the exootsion trains to the Burde kin, the total being Tiere -nrero three trains put on, viz. : two in tix? morning and one in tie afternoon, a. Xair proportion of tiie exenrsionfets travelled by tl»e latter train. The Worker's Concert and Dance will be held this evening at the School of Arts. The programme includes vocal and instrumental music, double club swinging, stump speeches in character, to conclude with a laughable nigger sketch entitled "Bruised and Cured." There is also a programme of 14 dances. Refreshments will be pro vided. Despite auto-cars, tlie Sionse Se etiU wortSi money in England-.' Tbe I1011 don General Omnibus Company have just contracted for tbe supply of 6000 Canadian horses at die nscsful price of i £40 «kS^ to use in ttwir tmeses oa tiie streets of London. The London Otnni tais Oomrpany uses an aclfrre, iigbt draught ihoise, aboqt Hie ? taze .and sabstaaee of Clydesdale. So.ch horses are macb more easily ceased in tie colonics than in 'Canada. Messrs ttalgeiy and Oo., Ltd., Tonnsrille report tliat at 4iicitr sales of fcides held in Sydney on 25t*i Septem ber last, they sold on accou* it Mossrw Dean and "Woodbura produce from ifce Burdekiii RUvr works) one hide weighing 70H)s for £1 15s. The bide market upon that date sttowifl g an in creased demand, prices in a ome In stances being %d per lb better than those ruling at flic, previous week's sales. In tallow pri-ccsi showed a sub stantial adrance uj>on late ratet1 Bockn-ood Station (says tie Hug-, beoden " Obsewr "j -wiU cut out about, 4he Stb, and A-fton Downs about the «5th instants fitishenden ifailsbed shearing last. Monday evening and tliey are oar or shearing 9000 -wethers for Caithoejii- Enlolo finished about t a fortnight. ago, having shorn It. 1S,000 sheep and. having a splendid clip > this year. "Drtoleyfcno started on the Stb September, Ayrshire on the 23rd, and Kjnunfi ou the 21th. Tn-ecdso inir sheep will be shorn at Tetemon tfiis year. Kymma Station fioisbed «be;«r tag on the 32nd. Ayrshire Bowes finisbw] shearing tie station, dieep <*i the Xftth September, trat fifteen meet irere re-engaged to put through 10,000 dieep belonging to Mr. B.^BalgarnlG, of Cooinda; these arebeing shorn at tlie Ayrshire Downs ebed. Vindcx tvbji expected to cat out -on Satarday last, 1>nt having lost one-and-a-balf daya through rain "they may not fin ish botofo the middle of next week. DagworSi tras also delayed a day and a half tijrough rain. EMerdie 'Kill finish la about a week's time. Poor IfiMe. «to «w baled in the f ^oeen <3enbai, tas tad tNid Jaick tte' . . ? last tiree yean*. He was ffMflUl fW lnuutoedB, ecomImj ennnnrored of the Kw Australian ertreme, lie em barked an bis money in it. He me soon tired of Sir Lane^MndiA and i "cntej his wife and little oaea ttw :e left tor Buenos Ajree. He get "rorfc on n. steamer, bat Vwt a.**rapteof Ingers In the irfoeb, and finally was eft almost penniless In l/oa3oeu & raked Ws way out h> Qneenstaod, ; ind Us credit being -good, sufficient money together to ieacue bi ; famHy from Paraguay. He Siad Jnst got orer most of «iedifficulties «macd ' by -his ill-starred journey to Key C Australia, Triien pened. Lt is gtrcmjre that 'Mr T. Gonjsjj, tdto is the contractor for the Qneen ? Central shaft, should 50 about 30 years "itiioot an accident aimong Me men, tod then iuve three-two fatal-in lees chantlirae months. Tie enterprising and wealthy cor poration itiddi owns takee Crwt, is aatiing tenders for new chilling, freez ing and storage roams for the purpose it is said, or commencing die esxport of frozen and chilled oat to Sydney, Melbourne and West Australia . It Is bdkred chilled beef could be car ried to Perti «id eold tetafi at 40 per cent lees tbu die knocked about and ranch travelled Ibeet &rai; lie North west districts. If socb steamers ace laid on there «91 be a advance in the import to Sorfli Qoeendand of peri^iaWas, «ncb as Draft, batter, cheese, etc., winch «itt lie return cargo (or the cool storage Bteoaers. No doubt in a few yens there trill be cod storage chajribene on 1be jetiy it Txwnaville, refrigerating the Northern line, tod cool storage de pots at Charters Toirers, Hogfcenden, and "Winton. We do not know ire are olive yet in Queensland In (be all important question ot cool .storage as applied to the necessities of life. A «mtxH>ntor writes:> **3Sifc. usual weekly meeting of die Womeate Ciirii tian Temperance Union ftas held last Monday in the TVesleyaa School Toon there being 21 membets present: <% respondence was deceived Sewn dob Col-President enclosing- copj ol Itoe statement from Secretary to tbe Prime Minister in reference to Gnnday excursion trains. A reply was also received from ?tie Wddeot Medic*! Officer of tbe Fukaide lunatic Asy lum, Sottb Austialla, referring to Mrs Croxton. She Is in splendid Mfljr besltfc, bat still aenU; deranged. It was decided to still continue to hold tbe meetings in tbe afternoons in pre ; ference to an alteration to ereotag. Superintendents were elected for Snn d*y school "work, agricultural ebons, and mine and mill work, reject! vdy as follow*: Mrs. .Motbam, Mrs Bim erie, nod Mis GoMsworiliy. Beve#»1 fees were paid .and «iuU «cnn|b passed tor payment; 4be meeting cine lug with tbePresident pronoundnc tbe benediction. William Morris, wboec deatfi is an notuiced in our cables, was ix>rn at WaJlliamstow, near laondon, in 1834. He was the «Jdest eon at a. merchant who died in 1844; leaving bis widow ad family well oEs,Be -was educated C. at Maiiborcmgh anfl'aJBrt*"' Oxford. He studied did not succeed in tbatprofeesion. In. 1858 he iraMI&ied; -a amD rotame entitled ?The Defence of Goenerere," and other poems. In 1SG3, nri(4i several partnere, be started an establishment for the artistic designing and manufacture of radons articles, «?>ecialiy wall paper. At (bis business Mr Monris bas ever since wrougtrt as a designer, devoting hie leisure to die composHioo oT poetry; Many of his oompo^tione -were publish ed. Of late Teats Mr 'Morris bad de clared himself a Socialist, and bad written and spoken ranch in sopport of Socialistic doctrines. The "Western Champion," tbe lead ~.itg country paper la triet, thus deals iritti tbe S^aalioB debate inaugurated by -Mr. KSdstott : "Tli<7 marsbnHiiig of these arguments In their oow rather faded raiment, reminds one of a parade of Chelsea pensioners whose fighting days ate ot«t. wfao. jK-rtjaps, did pood service to their day, but are now decrepit, maimed and powerless, fit only for an as$iami SteratDR, and consigned to the ob '.jvSon of many other once brave and popular juwrcmenits ... Tear bj year the {toisd tarn too cat away Jroui rader the pnauxxeis and chief »opportere of tie propos&Ie;, until row Iwre an to lie Coond in Parliament ?jjooe tat membexs of tfe Labor patty KtoniU^no vote to give oat farce some appearance |of JSOe, aObongii it fe on!y -the eSmnialed ex istence ot a jgotvanieed OOIJ®;, kept Jigging for a' brief moment only, to 2aM bock again' into fats true position of oost mortem dissolution and dwav. ... Separation is oow dead, and I ire csincerely Unst that Sir. JQdstori and Hie L hurried 4ibe remains and' laid the ghost Better Car wonM it lie for Oe people of the tlinee divisions to combine In putting forward mm practical meas ures for advancing tiie producing la terals of the 'colony, and in. endea voring to tetlle mote people npoo -ttie land." Through Mr C. Xsunlejr 001 <$ie Brisbane "?Courier" has received some interesting facte regarding the OdiMe Fax and Meat Extract Company's ?works at Stralbfield, near Syxluey. Xbc tmildiag in 139 (cet by 50 fept, two stories iitgh, and 12 Beet between the floors. The cheep are killed and boned on die top floor aid- the meat after being cut tip with an ordinal?' eliafEcutter is passed through a minc ing machine of being at die same time subjected to a .temperature of 130 degrees for a fen* nriontes "by means of & steam Jet. Ills process cooks tile meat kuUJ cieiUlr to Batten lie rat, so that it can be j,Bss«i through die canvas Tvitiiout **logtVOS.r' as it would if absolutely tow. The partially- cooked sausage meat &t;«iiea<.foUted in No- 1 canvas cloth, a Ud oitssed' fcy ihydranlic power wpii «o two tons to the square mA. Tlic pre-a^ hoSdfc CO sJjwj) or the <*juiva- / lent in be ef, ondOe Cat and jotec taken out1 iit> fifteen minutes. One pTess can pitt thtwigh abont fifty t&eep; per boor. The Cat is "afterwards se parated rrotS the juice in steam jack eted pots at fat runs off quite dear into coolers, and the jniiK Is evaporated for at tract. The "whole operation takes about Ki^iMintoc The return rroin SSb fist pwes is iw edIHe fat, 101b ordin ary tallow {faxro the b digester), and 12ar octtsust. A .ten horse-power staam engine drives the machinery. The cost of pUot neces sary to treat 1000 pheep, or tgnlva lent in cattle, per -day is abont £3000. The products have been treated i>y analysis, and foojpd to be of fiist? class "The Loud wo Hre is'' will/orm the CTbjeet: of a lecture to be delivered to- night by -the Ser. Shtnid Kerr, to the Presbyterian Chnrcb. The lecture is fre^. but a' coHeotion win be made In aid of rthe Home .Mission Id Queens land. Dr. H. H- MaudCi dentist, who learnt his profession ondcr Mr Wimp liotwmi l>.n.S. of London, announces In- to» taken over the practice of the late Mr W. E Moore. Ills consulting rooms arc in Slaty-street, opposite Ihe Convent. " A Ponnd Sale at Horses wilt beheld on. Ttiewiay next, aft Anbreyte yard, at VI o'clock.* The n-losing of rtfcje AUbkhbc Ae eem My for this season will he matted by ^ia extended night. The catering is uad 