I am, &c.;, VERITAS. Sir—I glory in a fight, but love fair play. The hospital affair is not a fight, it is persecu- <*> tion. The letter of "Edward E. Moule" indicates to what an extent the persecution is carried. One would have thought that, he would have been satisfied "now that an enquiry is-to be held." I was before that decision was arrived at, and am not opposed to an enquiry. I would not have dipped my pen in ink to write on the hospital question bat "Edward E. Moule" ongfat sot to have all his own way in giving, information to the public, and for his edification and. that of his admirere I will give a few facts. 1 was suffer ing from an acute illness when one of the late honorary staff was specially called to mj bed side. He- attended me regularly forsome time, and one dap called my wife on one side and inti mated to her that I would die. Another medical gentleman was summoned, and in the presence of my previous medical attendant he performed a Bimple act, which subsequently I nave several times done with ease, and I 'was at onoe re lieved. The diagnosis in the one instance had been faulty, and nad not another medical man been called in I must have died, for there was so escape. The result of the mistake in my case is that I- am a sufferer, and shall be tut I give Jap the ghost There is another case in which two medical-gentlemen who have been connected with the hospital were interested. I must before proceeding say that they were practitioners in theforemost rank and wits the highest qualifications, who before and since the incident I refer to were esteemed by thousands for their ekill, kindness, and con?cionablmesg, and no one disparages them for what happened. They operated on a patient to cure a disease, bat the patient died. They did not say that anything had gone wrong with the operation or that their expectations were not realised, but the opinion of immediate friends of the deceased was that a mistake bad been made. No one attributed blame to the two medical gentle men or suggested anything in that direction. A relative of the deceased consulted one, if not both, of the same medical gentlemen, and was informed that he Buffered from a similar disease as the patient previously referred to had, and that unless he was operated on he would die. He declined to be operated on, and is alive, and so far as I know enjoys good health, although it is a long space of time since he was advised to be operated on. Another medical gentleman of marked ability, who has also been connected witn the hospital, gave a very pronounced opinion that a patient would die within a short time. The man soon recovered his usual good health and strength. Just one case more to amuse ** Edward E. Moule." A man met with an accident. Hits wife diagnosed the leg and said it was broken, but the doctor pooh-poohed the suggestion. A few days elapsed and the lady of the bouse per sisted that the leg was broken, and said to the doctor —"Can't you see that it is bent there," pointing to the place. ''Sawbones"discovered he had made a miptake and put on splints^ Would it be right to condemn the medical gentlemen referred to? No; in good faith and with honest intentions they gave their opinions and acted. Ought not the medical profession to extend the same charity to Drs. Leith Xapier and Ramsay Smith, whom many of them are trying to belittle! Now, "Edward E. Moule," put tbo above facts I have given alongside your statement thai " the next morn ing Dr. Vapier met Dr. Corbin and myself, and said that he had decided to amputate her (Mrs. Jackson's) leg above the knee, as it was better for her to .have a moveable artificial limb than a stiff natural one. Subsequently he stated the same to Professor Watson, who then showed him that neither amputation or re section was neces-ary." In conclusion let me ask " Edward K. Moule, " while his small and unknown star has been slowly as cending, whether he can-remember that 6 ft. of earth iiag covered mistakes of any of the medical profession, including tbe late'honorarv staff.- Astronomy is the oldest science in the world. The view of a storm-cloud from above is one of the mast interesting sights ever beheld by mortal man, says a famous aeronaut. A storm viewed from above the clouds has the appear ance of ebullition. The upper surface of the cloud is bulged upward and outward, and has the resemblance of a vast sea of boiling upheaving snow. Immediately above th* storm-cloud the air is not so cold as it is in the clearer atmosphere above or in the cloud itself. The Tailing of the rain era be dis tinctly heard, making a noise like a waterfall over a precipice. The thunder heard above the .storm-cloud is sot loud, and the flashes of lightning appear like streaks of intensely white light on the surface of the grey-colored vapor. ? ... 