Aciiievina His Hansom. CHAPTICR XXXIII. IIAI'I'M!)!. Tho night wns quite dark, but Bob Mud dox was well acquainied with the woods, and drove back to town afc a rate of speed that John might havo envied. Arthur and Meeker were sot out iu the suburbs, and tho bookkeeper walked to his hotel alone, Ho knew ho had been watched, and would bo watched, hut dotermined at all risks to com municate with General Hawley. He dared not write to him, he knew it would bo fatal to appronch tho houso by daylight, and so ho oided to go (hero that night. To his joy tho night became intensoly'dark. At four iu tho morning (lie heavy fog had become a dense cloud, and a light mist liko rain wns falling. Tho tardy 1110011 had risen, but its glory was veiled by mist and cloud. Arthur rose, and locking the doov, put tho key in bis pocket, then arming himself with a pair of roliablo revolvers, went to tho window, raised it, and by tho aid of a rope with which ho had taken the precaution to provide him self, climbed down to tho shed roof below. Ho crept, along tho shod roof to tho cave, wlioro there was a indoor, unci enmooa nown into tho back yard. Moro like an oscaping thief than a man trying to do a noble deed, he scaled the wall, and hurried up the alloy to the great mansion 011 tho hill. Ho paused frequently 011 tho way to listen and look, for I10 had every reason to boliovo that ho was watched. A t last tho homo of General Hawley was reached ; but now came the great dilllculty. How 'Was ho to gain admission, or, what was moro diflicult, nrouso General Hawley, without awaking tho house hold ? No doubt spies woro at that moment watching tlio houso. He know woro Gonoral Ha wley's room was located. It was 011 tho second floor in tho rear, and a liro escape led to the window. Ho found the foot of the iron ladder, nnd climbing to tho window, tnniipd lirrlitlv 011 the irlriss with his lino'ers. The first tap drew 110 response, so I10 rapped ngain louder than bofore, and was rewarded by hearing a heavy footfall witliiu. A voieo said in a whisper ; ' Who is thoro p' ' General Hawloy, is it you P' ' Yes.' ' I want to sco you. I am your book keeper.' ' Can you ontor at tho rear, unscoii by any .watcher ?' ' I boliovo so, I havo mot iio ono yot,' ' I will bo down in a moment and open tho door.' Arthur c.ropt noiselessly down tho fire oscape, and a moment later was admitted at tho rcftr hall door. It was so dark ho could not see tho person who admittod him. 'Givo mo your hand,' whispered tho Gonerol, and taking his hand, ho lod him through porfoct darknoss to tlio Getiornl's study. The blinds woro closod and tho cur tains down, so the Imnkor lighted tho gas, without foar of being soon. ' Well, boy, you have somothing of importance to toll mo?' ' Yes, sir, tlio day for tho robbery is fixed.' 'When was it fixod?' ' Tn-llio'llt. n.nrl 11II tlm nlmia nvn Inirl ' 'You loft town with Mocker?' ' Wo went together to tho consultation.' ' Yes, 0110 of our men shadowed you to tho waggon, but was unablo to keep up with you further.' ' Ono of your dctcctives from Chicago P' 'Yes.' 'How many havo you lioro P' ' Four.' ' It is not enough.' ' Wo will havo local holp wlion tho timo comes.' ' Ono of your mon is at tho hotel.' ' How do you know P' '1 gavo him somo matohos to-night. Is anyone guarding your promises P' ? ' Yos;' ' I fear ho has gone to sloop at 'his post. At any rato, I did not moot him. But lot us to businoss, for I must rotnrn in a fow mo ments. Havo you arranged your plan of action ?' ' Yos. Four men aro to bo in Halo's oflloo ovor tho bank. Halo nud 0110 man will coino to my private oflloo, and avo will bo thoro when (ho fun begins, Thoro is a buck stair from Halo's olllco to tho bank, and tho othor l.llli.m Miill l«. ,-.1 n,nl C.I..!.. J._ ? I. ? U..IOU Mil* WW Wit yimuoiuu, rufiuv LU I'UNIl HI, Tho sheriff and two deputies will bo iu Colo's hardware store, just across tho street. Two moro doputios will bo iu Olarlc and Barnard's dry goods store, at tho side of tho bank build ing, while tho constable mid six men on horseback will bo iu Sam M.illor's livory stable, and at tho first alarm will olmrgo on tho scone.' ' Tho plan of dofenco cortainly could not bo bettor,' declared Arthur. 'There will bo Imt work thoro, .my boy. Colonol Halo nnd I hnvo fought in many a battle, and wo nro not' too old to drnw tlio sword again.' ' Gonoral,' said U10 young man, taking hitr hand and looking him in tho faco, 'don't you boliovo now that I told you tho truth P' ' I know it, my boy. ' I confess that I was staggered at first whon you told mo of M.'ookor, but I. cannot question you now. No, boy, I doubt neither your truth fulness nor honesty, Bo bravo to tho last, and you will oomo out all right, Thoro is going to bo n Horiinmago, but I would rather havo Meeker taken un harmed, if it can bo done.' ' It oiin, It is 11, part of tho progranimo that I inn to bind 1 1 1 111 , in 01 dor to make you all believe ho is innocent. If I ooitld arra'ngo to havo a pair of handcuffs in my room, I would iron liiin,' ' They will bo ttudor your pillow to-morrow ?night,' ' Then all is understood, Ilomoinbor, Fri day alturiiooii, at tlirec- thirty,' General Hiiwley smiled and nodded, I To was not liable to forget it, Arthur took his departure, erupt back uiihoiiu to his room', wonl to bed, and in a fow moments was sound asleep,' Arthur noticed noxt 11101 nlng tlm, I, 'Muokor was a little pule and nervous, The book kotinor worked ut his lodger iu earliest, for lie detei'inlned to show up nil the scoundrel's delaleatloiiH, Ho did noli speak to Meeker during the day, but after ho had gouo to his room that night und was In tho not of retiring, 10 hoard n nervous trend iu the hall, thun a light lap on the door, ' Oomo In,' iio Hitld, It wns McukoJ'. His while fano Boomed gnifttly agitated. ' How do voit loel, Arthur P T am nervous us tho duuoo,' ' You show It,' saltl Arthur coolly, ' You must bu otirul'ul or you will bulruy yuuvHolf,' 1 ' I wish I was like you, my lad. I wish I could he cool and unconcerned. Your nerves must bo of steol.' ' It is liot prudent for us to bo seen much togethor.' ' No, 110, but 1 11111st talk with you to-night. Do you supposo tho State funds will reach hero to-morrow ? A balk now would ruin all. Was thoro 110 signal agreed 011 between yon and (h« chief whereby you wns to communi cate to him the fact, as ho entered the town ?' ' Yes, I was to lay a silk handkerchief on my desk by ''the window, if the funds had come. Don't fail to do your part.' ' I will not, Havo 110 fears but that .1. will be cool enough when the timo comes, but just now I feel a kind of all- overishness that upsets 1110 quite.' ' Perhaps you do not sloop soundly.' ' Sloop P Heavens, I havo not slept for a week, and don't expect to, until this business is over. It is a terrible thing to sell one's lifo to Satan, nnd that is about what wo havo dono. But wc aro in it too far to back out now.' ' Would you back out if yon could P' ' No,' nftor a'short silence. ' I am play ing for a big stako, and I must win. ' I'll loll you a secret, my boy, now that our fates aro so closely linked, which I would not have told otherwise. Five years ago, when I became ,.,.01,:.,.. /1..V l,„.,1. n.,.nnn IT,i..,l„.r ,»,iu nothing hut 11 child, but I saw sho w-?uld dovelop into a glorious woman, and I doter mined to work myself into tlio good graces of the banker, gain Uis favour, and win bis daughter while she was yet young and her affection tender. This desire increased as she budded into a most beautiful woman, and I canio to lovo hor — yes, I swear that I lovod her. It would not havo mailo any dif ference if I had not, for it was the bank Iliad started to win, aud not n wifo. From the first I fancied that she did not like me, though I lavished costly presents 011 hor, which wero often roturned. Meanwhile I had created a fondness for speculation, and spout so much moro monoy than my salary that I began to draw out of tho bank, aud by throats and entreaties induced the book keeper not to report my dofioit, until I had a chanco to save myself by marrying tho banker's dniifflil or. ' At last I proposed and was rejected. It made a demon out of 1110, to think that my only liopo of safety was gono, and then I foil upon this scliomo. By it I hope not only to save myself Jbut to bo revenged on her.' Arthur could hnvdly rosisfc tho temptation to riso and kick him from tho room, but policy induced him.tokcop his tempor nnd restrain his inclinations, After urging him to go homo and got a night's rest, ho bade h i in good night at tho door, which ho closed and looked after liiin, and prepared to turn iu to sleep, Ho folfc somo hard substance under his pillow, nud on laying it back dis covered a pair of handcuffs. With a smilo, ho said : 'Gonoral Hawloy forgo ts nothing:' He placed tho handcuffs in his coat pocket and noxt day oonccnlod tliein in his dosk nt tlio bank. On Thursday tlio Stato funds arrived. Of courso, thoir arrival was kept a socrou. Tho oashior, olorks, and bookkeeper wero kopt busy all day counting, recording, and receipting for tho amounts. ' Friday camo at last. Mr. Mookor was almost as palo as n ghost, and his linnd shook as if I10 could scnrcoly transact tlio ordinary businoss that camo in his lino. Ho made half-a-dozon mistakes during tho day, and nt last getting a chanco to speak with Arthur unobsorvod, lie whispered : ' I could not stand this anothor day, I wish it was oyer with.' It was twenty- fivo m Juntos nftor throe, when tlio pooplo on tho streets saw two strango horsonion riding into town from the cast. Thoy wore straw hats nnd long ulstors, and had tho nppenranco of far mors. Thoir prosonco, of oourso, attrnctod little attention. Throo moro similarly attirod, camo train tho north, and two from tho west, Thoro camo o'thors, making nino in nil, with ton horses, lor one man wns riding 0110 homo and loading anothor, which had n saddle 011 its back, at his si'do, Somo ono on tho stroot wondorod who all ' them fellers' ivoro, and what thoy woro ' up to.' Arthur was at his desk uoar tho window, lie had droppod a rod silk handkorohiof ovor tlio sido of tho desk so that it folds spread down, covoring almost 0110 pano of glass 111 (Iio window. Tho employs al'torward romomborod that .mi-, iii.ueivur nan snown strong ovidoncos of nervousness that af toruoon. Ho was soon to cast frequent plmiooH at tho groat clock and compare it with his watch, as if ho bad au important ongagomont, which must bo mot lit tho uxaot moment, From his window Arthur had a good view of tho stroot, Ho saw two horsonion ride up to tho crossing and stop, Dospi'to Ins disguise, ho roaoguisod ono as Jackson, his ohiof. At this moment. General Hawloy, Colonol Halo and a stranger ontorod tho* bank from tlio front door. ' Como into my ollloo and I will show you tho papers, 1 said tlio Gonoral, and thoy hurried into his privato ollloo, closed tlio door after l.hoin, throw off thoi y coats and graspod a weapon in each hand, Arthur had a rovolvor 111 lis hip pookot and two more in his dosk, nnd ho was us cool as a votoran going into biiUilo, Suddenly thoro roso a yell 011 tho air. Two horsemen galloped right up to tho front of tho bank building, flung themselves from thoir horses and loapod In ut the door, yulling: 1 ' 1 I !',n^Y n'.' y,01'' hnnds — throw up your hands I flourishing lavgu revolvers in I, bo air to enforce thoir commands. Tho clerk Hhriokod in frigid, and lied. I. feme I whispered Miocker, rushing to Arthur, who dropped his pon and seized the hniidou Is. At this moment tho door of tho uonoral s private olllco opened, and three men leaped into tho bank. Throo move 0111110 In Iroin the roar, l.hore was a rattling oi'iihIi of llrcarrns, and the alt' was darkened with smulco, and ail was confusion, I he two bandits who had started into tho building sank lll'tiioss in the great doorway, ° ' Sit dowii I' Hiild Arthur, sternly to U10 onHhloi', foroiMLf Ills hands bohlm'l his mok hum buffing R|in |„ |,|mii JK)H„.,()|1 iiiHl, onlug lilm to tho tihalr ho ho could not move, ' Heavens, Arthur ! what tltum this moan I AVIiore did all tiumo 1'ollown 001110 from P' wnlutid Muokor, , ''Keep HtHir cried Arthur, scl/lug ills ptHlols nud ring Hhot after shot through tho window at the banditti on tho Htroot, Pan uomoiiluiu rolgntiil. Armed men wiomoii to Hpritig up from tlio ground uvomvhoiu Xlio* ? shoritf and all his deputies rushed to the sconc, pouring in rolley after volley, while there ennio n troop of cavalry at n cbnrge from Miller's livory stnblo, pouring n stream of firo and death nt tho banditti. The would be robbers were taken completely by sur prise and thoroughly demoralized. Two men lay dead 111 tho doorway nnd another in the street. Four horses had been shot down nnd three morn wero wounded. Thoy (led, leaving their dead nnd ono prisoner behind. Colonel llnle gazed 011 the face of tlio mini who hud fallen* iu (lu street a moment, and his faco seemed to light with a, sudden thought, l ie tore off the false beard and witr dratrtred the body to a lamp-post and leaned it against it in a half-sitting and half- reclining position, and then sent for 11 phofograpor, while I10 stood gnard over the dead bandit. Tho photo grapher came and made a negative of the dead bandit. ' What does ( his mean, Arthur r Take those oJF!' said Meeker, when nil was ovor. ' No, I will turn you over to the sheriff.' Tho cashier, for the first time, began to realize the. truth, and gazing hard at tho young 1111111, I10 said : ' Yon havo betrayed me, havo you?' ' You aro a prisoner, Mir. Miocker.' ' And you ?' ' I. shall givo myself up to tho sheriff and confess all.' Fool ! This will cost you your lifo I' (To tw coiiliiiiial.) 