J|jet)0©n&l; Jliitoss. THE PURPOSE OF THE AGES. 1 Paper read at the Devotional Meeting of the Church Assembly r M Melbourne,- 34th 'September, 1895, by Rev.- W; Charles || Pritchard, M.A. ' H To say that ' it is good for us to be here,' is, doubtless, to speak the-, mind of all who are gathered this morning for devotion and spiritual' .edification. We have assembled together once more, clergy and laity, ?; at the summons of the Bishop, to consult. and determine on those, matters in which. we must take united counsel, and action for the. welfare of the Church. At such an assembly j our first thoughts must needs be of Him whose, love and mercy bind us together in His mystical Body. It is one of the most consoling mysteries of His grace, that when His servants meet together in His name they realise at once His pledge of. personal presence with the, company of faithful souls. All the more, we believe, is 'that presence assured when we draw near, as we have done this morning, to the Lord's v Table, realising, in His appointed way,- our one communion and fellowship. And now, fresh from this blest communion, we have knelt -together, 'seeking the promis.ed inspiration.' of the Holy Ghost, Our thoughts are intent to meditate upon things Divine. The subject upon which we would concentrate our thoughts is one that has been much before us all since we last met together as a Church Assembly— it is the subject of Unity. We all know how much has been written and spoken of late on this subject; and we shall feel, I am sure, that to take such a subject for. meditation and devotion will, by God's blessing, lift our thoughts upon unity to the highest level, and sanctify all our efforts to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. My difficult task is to suggest for your devout meditation the inspired teaching of one book in particular, which deals with a primary aspect of unity— the Epistle of St. Paul to the Ephepians; and the primary aspect taken by the Apostle is that described in the title of my paper — ' The Purpose of the Ages.' You know that it_ is the revisers' marginal reading of the words in verse 11 of chapter iii., /? the eternal purpose.' The context reads.:—' The mystery which from all ages hath been hid in God who created all things, to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in the heavenly places might be made known through the. Church the manifold ?wisdom of God, according to the eternal purpose which He purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord.' In this passage we learn the object with which the whole Epistle was written— to declare the Divine purpose of the ages. The 'mystery' of which the Apostle here speaks— the calling of the Gentiles into God's covenant of grace — is only part of that mighty purpose. St. Paul describes that purpose more expressly at the opening of the Epistle. There he tells how God hath made 'the riches of grace to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence, ?having made known unto us the mystery of His will according to the .good pleasure which He purposed . . . unto a dispensation,' not ours, but ' of the fulness of the times, to sum up all things . . ' . the things in the heavens, and the things upon the .earth.' ' It is the vision,' writes a Cambridge preacher who visited us last year, ' of an ultimate gathering up of all the now distracted, disjointed elements of creation into one last reconciliation of harmony and peace : ' The one, far-off divine event, .To which the whole creation moves.' The Epistle to the Ephesians shows us how this glorious vision filled the mind of St. Paul. As St. John saw the river of the water of life flowing out from the throne of God; -so ;St. Paul beheld the full stream of the Divine purpose issuing oat.. of. the loving heart of the ' .Father of all. In the words of a learned writer : ' There was revealed to St. Paul the everlasting purpose of God's grace to gather to Himself in due time a family of holy children who should be one in Christ. He . saw the amazing process by which this was carried out — the incarnation of the only begotten Son of God, His death and resurrec tion, and His exaltation in unspeakable power and glory to the right land of the Majesty on high. He saw, as the fruit of this great display of wisdom and power, the living stones of the redeemed Church piled up in strength and beauty, and becoming an holy temple, the fitting habitation of God. He saw the unfolding of the hidden mystery. so long concealed from the knowledge of man, that in that holy temple all distinction, of Jew and Gentile should be done away, and living souls of redeemed men of every nation and kindred and tongue shall be all one in Christ— -one in .the adoption of sons, one in the inheritance of the saints in light. And he further saw that when, this purpose shall be brought to completion, the spectacle of the Church triumphant — reflecting, as it were from every stone, from the foundation to the topmost pinnacle, the wisdom and love and power of God (who .redeemed it that it should be holy and -without blemish)-^shall be for the instruction and admiration of all the hosts of heaven.' . Behold, then, the purpose of the ages thus revealed—' To sum up all things in Christ.' Unity in Christ, this is the keynote of the whole Epistle; this, in brief, is the sum of the revelation made through St. Paul : ' The things in the heavens and' the things upon the earth, in Him.' We believe that in Him is the brightness of the Father's glory, the express image of His person.; Here, then, is a ray of that brightness which we may follow a£r it leads upward to the very presence of God. In Christ, as the Head and Centre of the unities of heaven and earth, we see the express image of the invisible ?Godhead. Shall we not worship and adore, as this revelation of the Divine purpose is .brought to us by our Lord and Saviour? If ?' Order is Heaven's first law,' the end and.aim of that law, in all its operations, is to gather together into one all things in Christ. And while this supreme revelation ;calls forth our adoring praise, there is sent to us a great stimulating thought, which shall enable us to find in this faith the energising of all our activities of service ; for when the Apostle has declared the Divine' purpose, he brings home to our hearts the truth that we, as members of the Church of Christ, have a chief place in the working out of this purpose of the ages— 'To sum up all things in Christ, the things in the heavens and the things upon the earth, in Him, I say, in whom also we were made a heritage, having been foreordained according to the purpose of Him whoworketh all things after the counsel of' His will.' The 'great stimulating thought, then, is that through the Church, God wills to work out His wide purposes of good. Those purposes are wide indeed, because they are so wondrously inclusive — 'All things which are in the heavens and upon the earth.' There's a wideness in. God's mercy Like the wideness of the sea. But though wide, these purposes are most definite. ' In, Christ' is their limit, though this be co-extensive with the universe. And to us, who are specially called to be 'in Christ,' God's purposes are all gathered into one, the Divine will that the Church should be one. Upon this St. Paul insists again and again in the Epistle to the Ephesians. It is the burden of chapter after chapter, the climax of every argument. Thus, for example, the. first chapter ends with the declaration of the Headship of Christ — 'He put all things in subjection under His feet, and gave Him to be head over all things to the Church, which is His body, the fulness of Him that filleth all in all.' The second chapter leads up to the setting forth of Christ as the chief corner-stone, ' in whom each several building, fitly framed together, groweth into an holy temple in the Lord.' The third chapter concludes with a prayer that the Ephesians might so know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, that they might be filled with all the fulness of God. And upon this follows an ascription of praise: 'Unto God be the glory in the Church and in Christ Jesus, unto all generations for ever and ever.' From all this it is abundantly clear that the essential unity of the Church is an all- important part of the purpose of the ages. It is that part which is specially revealed to us, and with which we are practically concerned. And so the Apostle dwells emphatically on the Unity of the Church, in the magriificent,'creed-like passage at the opening of the fourth chapter: ' There is one body and one spirit^ even as ye are called in one.^hope of your calling; one Lord, one faith, one baptism; one God and Father of all, who is over allj and through all,, and in all.' Now the great practical consideration which follows from this truth is that the revelation of the purpose of God directs all our purposes. Chiefly, let us remember this mornings it affects our view of the Church; it gives direction and point rto^all our labours as ministers and members of the Church. ; The ,alk righteous, all-merciful, all-loving purpose of the ages is the supreme thought ; with this dominating heart and mind, we look forth' upon the whole world of men as embraced in God's purposes of love. ? We have no warrant whatever for framing any theory of universalism ; we perceive the limit, 'all things in Christ.' We know from abundant witness of other parts of God's Holy Word that they who wilfully reject the revelation of eternal love in Christ, put themselves outside all the Divine purposes, so far as they are revealed to our present intelligence. This is hinted at even in the Epistle before us. It is only of things which are in the heavens and upon the earth that the purpose of love is predicated ; but, remembering this limit, how. mighty and all- embracing is the purpose of the ages ! How it excludes all narrow doctrines of predestination and election ! ' ' If,' says a writer on this subject,' we insist upon a definite answer to the question — Who are the elect? we may say— All men in Christ. Christ, the Second Man, is really and truly God's only elect; we are elect in Him. If it be asked — Who, then, is not elect? we may say — That man is not elect whose nature Christ did not take.' Such a view of the Divine purpose is the best stimulus we can have io a large-hearted charity, the surest way to enkindle a living and lasting zeal for the work of home and foreign missions, the enduring motive for social reforms and earnest efforts to reach the masses of mankind. But look closer, as we are privileged to do by our membership, of Christ's Church, and discern the working of God's purpose in the Church of which Christ is the Head. The members of the Christian Church in Asia .Minor, to' whom St. Paul wrote, were called out of the unbelieving^jnass of Jews and heathens,, to show what God intended all His human children to be; The Church was to be the advanced guard of humanity, claiming' God's election not for itself alone, but as the representative of mankind, in the sure conviction that neither Adam's sin, nor all the sin of the world, has been able to defeat the design of the Creator— to sum up all things in Christ. The important truth is thus emphasised that the Unity of the Church, the Body of Christ, must be an organic unity. The members of the Church take the lead as sons of Gop,; a term which is significant of a most real and potent fact. This is how, and this is why, the Church is but part of a great purpose— a step, shall we Bay a prophecy, a pledge? (I quote the Bev. Arthur W. Bobinson) 'a kind of first-fruits,' made up of representative elements, an earnest' of a something larger to come hereaftery'in,the dispensation of the fulness of the times.' And besides this truth of the organic unity of the Church, there is, to be remembered the further truth of the slow development of this same unity to the ever-widening circle of those who are predestined, in the purpose of the ages. We know of that purpose in, Christ in our present age in the holy Catholic Church; but, ' Christ's age,' it has been profoundly said, ' is the age of- the ages, and- this age is made up of infinite' periods or generations.' - Christ has not only infinite power to work with, but infinite ages to work in. But these genera tions of the age of the ages are too much for our limited faculties. A child's hand might as well grasp the Pleiades as we this vista of the ages. Thought is baffled — even hope is dazed ; there is nothing for it but faith,, and love, and trust in Him who is working out the good pleasure of His will, in Him who will subdue all things to Himself: A right consideration of the slow development of the unity which is God's will, saves us from all ill-considered, feverish eagerness to hasten on. the appearance of unity, or to promote a seeming uniformity without sufficient care as to a basis of unity in essential principles. Such consideration, moreover, leads to the practical thought that we increase Christian influence as much by concentrating as by expand ing it, and this, according to Canon Gore, is what the Church is called upon to remember at this particular time. ' The prophetic function of the Church,' he writes, ' as it seems to me at the present moment, is not so much, in the first instance, io expand Christian influence, as to concentrate it: to see to it. that all men, whatsoever be their own convictions and practices, shall at least ask what it is that a Christian must believe, and how.it is that a Christian must live and act at all the points where he touches human life.' Let us. keep these two truths before us : That the unity of the Church, according to God's purpose, is an organic unity; that the working-out of God's purpose, both in and from the Church, is very gradual, age-long, and, eternal— a slow development. These two truths will serve in conclusion for sucR arsummary of our present thoughts as shall suggest practical resolutions. . ? ,; When St. Paul, in the three first chapters of the Epistle to the Ephesians, has declared God's purpose as revealed to him, when he has unfolded the Divine mystery which .filled his mind, he proceeds in the fourth chapter to build up,. the superstructure of the Christian life; having set before them the vastne*ss and glory of their high calling, he urges th'em to walk worthy of it. It was in this connec tion that St. Paul wrote those words of exhortation which are printed at the head of our 'Order of Devotion', for this morning's gathering— ' Giving diligence to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.' Here the Apostle means that unity which is the work of the Holy Spirit, Himself the Spirit of Unity. . To dwell upon this thought in the words, of another: 'In the very being of God, the Father and the Son are one in the unity of the Spirit.' In Him the 'all things' of Creation are one ordered whole. In Him the Church, with its many members, its ,ages and generations, is one. But though the Church is one in the Holy' Spirit, and is kept one by His continual presence, we have our part to do in keeping it one ; we are to keep it in the bond of peace, in the uniting power which peace produces. And this initial unity opens out into a sevenfold series of unities, which ends, as it began, in God — Father, Son, and Holy Ghost : the Father over all, the Son through all, the Holy Ghost in all. With this r.emembrance let me draw to a close. It has been my ?endeavour to suggest as a profitable sequence of thought, first the mighty purpose. of the ages, with its all-embracing unity, and then the lesser unities in which that purpose is wrought out. If we, rejoicing in the Divine purpose, would give diligence to aid, as we are privileged, in its fulfilment, we must begin with those lesser unities. The unity of the Spirit, to keep which we give diligence, includes other unities of still less degree. Of one such only would I speak ; it is the unity which we seek to promote by our gathering in Church Assembly. Here is opportunity near at hand for diligent effort after unity; for striving after a unity, not of mere sentiment and outward seeming, but of genuine^sympatby, of readiness to acknowledge and rejoice in our common interests, our varied' gifts, our particular blessings, our individual successes. To strive after this unity will mean watchfulness in debate, calmness in council, loving allowance in difficulty, generous forbearance,, mutual determination to ..show ourselves one in Christ, despite minor distinctions. .Thus we shall find our real strength not in making the most of our fraternal differences, but in an earnest endeavour to give each other due place, while we determine. to serve the one Lord with undivided hearts. For, after all, here must be the beginning of our endeavours—' Keep thy heart with all diligence ;' consecrate all its powers again and again in ever fresh vows of allegiance to the Lord of Love ; strengthen, day by day, through the Holy Spirit, the unities which sin so often weakens ; restore, by God's grace, the harmonies which sin, alas, not seldom breaks ; give diligence that, by the undivided reign of Christ in our hearts, we may be at peace, with thought,- word, and deed continually dedicated to His service. Here is the point of our beginning ; here the prompting of our good resolves. So the undivided heart will lead on to the consistent life, and the influence of this will bind family or congrega tion in harmony as they join with.us in common service to the one beloved Lord and Saviour. Thus, rising higher and higher, we shall have our part in the completion of God's mighty purpose ; we shall be all one at last in the glorious revelation of the accomplished will of Eternal Love. 