Aii Awful Eive Minutes. Between the old and now ends of a certain Somersetshire village stands a church, sur rounded by a churchyard, about which ghost and other stories aro discussed by tho supor Btitious inhabitants of tho said village. Dogs with saucer-like oyeB and clanking chains, and shrouded figures sitting in their ghostly mninaf\r nn thn nlllirnlivarrl fratofi. form the subjects for talk, and half of tho villagers are kept in constant dread by the othor half, who profesB to have seen tho strango eights they discuss. Along tho top of tho wall that separates tho churchyard from tho road, and which is about four feet high, aro planted yew trees, laurels, and othor evergreons. Having occa sion ono evening to' remain at the top end of tho village rather lator than usual, the writer experienced on going home a vory uncom fortable five minutes. I had left the cottage behind me, and was deeply thinking of tho tales told anont the church yard, whon all of a sudden, as I came abreast of tho wall, the blood was sont rushing rapidly through my veins, for I heard a footstep on the top of the wall, which is on a level with the graveyard, and the branches of tho evergreens came together with a crash, while I distinctly saw two shining eyes and tho dim outline of a huge form. My hair stood on end,, and drops of perspiration coursed each, other down my frightened visage. I did not stop to inquire if it were ' a spirit of health or goblin damned,' or whether its ' intents wero wicked or charitable,' but took to my heels and ran till I reached the bottom of the next hill, where tho friendly lights of a shop window and the sound of human voices some what reassured' me. I told my tale, and my blanched cheeks and trembling frame confirmed it, but none of those to whom 1 unburdened myself felt at all inclined to investigate the affair. Next morning I laughed heartily over my flight. The cause of all this commotion, I found out, was the vicar's donkey, which had been turned into tho churchyard to crop the grass grow ing therein. Neddy had taken into his mouth somo of tho leaves of the trees, and as ho bit them off tho branches sprang back into their places, oauBing tho noise I heard, while tho eyes I saw belonged to the donkey. 