THE GHOST OF HAILSHAM CASTLE. {FOR REOMTIOK.] Taijcur' of ghosts, reminds me, H»m, I Of a story now many yean old ; I Ik 'agpeood one night when my hatband, ' Got too much to drink, and was bold. Now, Sam, ye must know, he wasn't o'er I well The mornin' 'e left for the fair, j AD' ao 'e called in at the ' Old Blue Bell,' To have a drink, 'e and the mare. { He Mid he'd be home not later that) eiz | Both 'e and the old mare together ; But ten o'clock struck-I thought, Bum's in a fix, I An' lying dead drunk at ' the Feather. At the thought o' that, Uam, I felt | fall o' grief. I oouldnt see blaok night for cryin'; To tarn over quite another new leaf, I vowed it while sobbin' an sighiu'. I'd leave Mm, I would, that there very night; Fd go where he never would find me. I put on my things and made myself right To eat 'im andleave "im behind me. I'd to past on that night that very old TOeoostle-onoeowned by 'Ould Robin, Tired out 'pon a stone I eat for awhile, Formy heart was a-beatin' an' sobbin'.' Some sailors, ye know, from tbe nelgb bonln' coast, Were standin' wi' some folks quite near; They wore talking and whisperin' bout a weird ghost, As walked there that night every year. Twat now 'bout midnight, an' all was so dark, The blackest of nights without doubt; I was thinkin' of 'one, when the Bailors cried' Hark Then It is I Bee I Walkin' about I' I screamed when I saw it; it looked,' oh, so white, As It stealthily walked np and down ; \- Except a long robe which was shiney and bright, Nothing else had it on but that gown. Tbe village 'twas in such a terrible plight Hen, women and children stood fixed ,- j They came far and near In the dead o' the night, And they looked not a little unmixed. 1 Tbe news reached the ears of Viscount Macdanna, Who now stood in front o' tlie throng, Gasin' together wi' Lady Susanuah, Who whispered. that 'eomethin' was wrong.' The ghost shouted out in grave tones, ' Hallo I' Twas A long, piercing, dismal, deep groan. Tho crowd scurried back with a scared, mighty . Oh I' For someone had thrown a big stone. I On came the ghost with such terrible I speed. j His white robes a-Bowin* in the air ; A-iiowlin' and groanin' because o' that i deed, I He seised Loid Macdantia's young hoir. ' Stop !' cried the parson, ' speak ! who, sir,art thou ¥ I The ghopt nota word did itspeak.Mam; I conjure thee to speak, who.sir.artthou?' I Dontcberknow, old cock ? Why, I'm Sam I'" l MULVY 0 era ELK Y, ] Smith : " Are the whisky aud cigars all right f Brown . M Yes, they're under t'u, ... " Smith : " And the lunch V' Brown : .. That'* under the seat, lao." Smith : " And tr-j hooke and linei f Brown : " By Jove! i forgo* them entirely. Smith : 41 That's too bad. Well I «up pose we'll bate to get along the Ik«'< wa we can wilho it thenii." Teaoher : ». Who was Diogenes V* Tomm . V- while«; " Please, m 'am ho waaacoiebiuted Englishman." Teacher*. " How it» the world dri yon get that impreesiou f Tommy Tradd lea: "Why, he WAS BO fond of hii tuK" After eevei aright children in A claw bad given their various answers to thei ? teacher** auery for the definition of 'fe, eorrowfal little maiden spoke op t *' Someone for a man to find fan' wit irbttUil4igoiridii^i I 