FUNERAL OF.MRS PRESHAW. ' Seldom has, there been seen in Oastlemaino ' so many old, intimate, and attached friends as those who met together yesterday afternoon 10 pay their last tribute of respect to the late Mrs Proshaw. Many of them had come from a long distance, and oxchanged greotings with each other, which they had not had an oppor- j tunity of doing for years. The lid of the,; elaborately mounted polished oak coffin could . not hoid tho quniitity of flowers worked into j wreaths, .crosses, and like beautiful i emblems of | regard sent by friends as tributes of condolence j and nffectiou. Tho coffin was first conveyed to Christ Church, whore a funeral service was conducted by the Rev E. A. Crawford, who prenohed the following pathetic funeral sermon. "As we watch our friends departing, and as we follow their remains to the grave, our minds are occupied and our hearts aro moved by several distinct refltctionB. First of all, tliore is the sharp pang of sepiratinn. We shall see her fsco no more. Nevermore hear that fami liar voice, bo comforted hy its cheering tone no more. Her place is empty. No more to be done for her. We look rbond, and noarly everything we see' reminds us of the one who is gone. There is the place, or the chair where she was always sitting, the window where one always caught sight of her face. That is all over. It will never return. - Her place shall know her no more. We shall" never more ho able to speak to her or to do anything for her. This is the first thought, and it is very bitter— very painful. But there is another thought that comes, borne with bier and pall,' with the coffin and the hearse, and the open grave. Death itself seems a painful thing ; not that the face of the dead so speaks. No. Silence and calm, unspeakable, and a certain unearthly dignity and beauty J such are traits that arrest our attention an we look upon the beloved face in the coffin. But the whole state of the world beyond — into which our friond hns gone before ua. We aee not into that world ; and all. we do see, the visible accompau'ments of mortality, tend to make death a dark and gloomy state. The eloom and sadness of a funeral are occasioned by these two things. First, our/own hiss by 'separation-; xi'Cnndly, the apparent darkness and desolation into which our friend has de parted from us. But wn aro not pagans, not heathens ; hut we are Christians, and tho very foundation fact of Christianity is that the death which 'seems to make us lifeless clay,' has boon (IVITLUIIUL iiitn io VTiirtu ansa iimi liicnua | is means that the separation and tho gloom of death Have been conquered, not by our faith; but by Christ's Resurrection, This window over my head was put there in mrmory of a dear young lad, cut off in thu beginning of his years. And what is shown in this windnwl Christ rising from -the grave, Christ ascending into Hoiven. That is our religion. That is the heart, the core of all our faith and all our worship hero That Christ rose from the dead, and in our human nature ascended into Heaven. And not only this— our resurrec t-on and our a-cension are in the future. But for the presont- — death is overcome in spite of the darkness and gloom nf the grave. For when Jesus appeared to Hisdsciple" in Patrons, He said thore words—" Fear not ; I am the First and the Last, and Living One, and I was dcadj and. heboid I am alive for overmore : and I have the keys of Hades and of Death." And St. Paul says that Ulu-i-t died and lived again that He might bo the Lord of dead and living. The world of the dead is as much under Christ's rule us the world of the living. Ha is Supreme over ail thing". All things in heaven and earth and under the earth will be summed up in Him. And we know Htm what He is like. Wo have His portrait in the fourfold griBpel. That portrait will never fade or be lnsr. . Be sure, of this, if only as a literary fact, that so long as the world remains,, tho picture of JesuB will remain. And Hitch. as -Ho- was on earth, such, is He always. Jesus Christ, the same yesterday and to-day nnd for ever ; and such as Ho is; such is God, the Father, the Sun, and tho Holy Ghost are ail one. So wo know under what sort of authority nnd rule the ngea uf eternity lie, oven under that loving will that "breathed beneath the Syrian blue." ' He ;is the King of the age. He is Lord of Life and Death. Ho holds tho -keys of the unseen world. " Until the day breaks the shadows flee away." Our friends who. have vanished. from our sight are safe in His keeping. He holds tho keys, i o., He bears the rule and charge of the world unseen. And so the only thing that can make us doubtful or apprehensive about the hereafter is nob to know Jesus Christ. 0, how I wish that all hero this afternoon knew and loved tho Lord Jesus Christ, as sho did, whose body lies here before us. What would I not give to seo a liko faith, a like hope, a like charity in all tho peoplo of this parish — and in myself. For 37 years I hnvo known her, and she has always beon the same, the same as you have always known her. Bravely, and with peaceful submission to tho Divine Will, Itns she always borne the sorrow nnd trials which havo befallen her, and have helped to make hor the true Christian woman that wo knew, for "patience must ever have its perfect work that wo may be perfect and entire lacking in nothing." Jesus our Lord was madu porfect through suffering. Mnny of us remember her departed husband, and the esteem in which he was held, both public nnd private. Her long widowhood has now come to a close, and wo are permitted to hope that already "God's lovo hath set her at his sido again." May God hless and com'ort the sons and daughters, grandson and grand daughters, Bti many and so widely scattered that remain, end may the sweet memory of hor beautiful Christian life continue to bo in tho future, as its presence Itna beon in tho past— a bond nf loving union hotwecn them. Amen." Thero was n largo attendance in tho church, and tho choir sang the funeral hymn for tho burial of tho dead with solemn emotion. At iiiu liiuau, iiiu uiwi marcn in anui was played hy Mr J. Hasler. The service lasted for half an -hour. The coffin was carried to tho hoarse by tho pall- bearors : — Morera W. Davis, Hyndman, Hughes, W. Archdall, 0. Burge, and Dr Rcid. Tho chiof mourners were : — Messrs H. Archdall, W. Sevier, P. Sevier, G. Sovier, J. Sevier, F. Hickling, and H. Archdall, junr. Tho cortcgo then proceeded to tho Cemetery, whore tho funeral service was read hy tho Rov E. A. Crawford, Whon this was concluded, tho coffin was lowered into tho gravo where her hus band was laid, as the marble headstone re corded, in Maroh, 1866, 30 years apd 7 months ago. The mortuqry arrangements wero conducted by Mossrs Niehuhr and Son. 