CYCLNG NOTES. [BY “TANGENT"] The intercolonial conference of New Soulh Wales, South Au-tralia and Victorian leagues will be held to-day. This conference will mean a good deal to Bendigo, as several pre- posals, if carried, will go a long way towards Holding the “country difficulty " effectually. Tho following nro among the proposals from South Australia: “That the contracting colonies agroo upon a circuit and dates tor o*oh season," “That patronage bo rofasod to any mooting that will interfere with tho oarry ing cut of the above.” Several other proposals of moment nro also down for oonsidora’ion and altogether something should bo gained. The resolutions carried by the conference will bo subjoot to tbo rat ideation of tbo various leagues represented. Tbo Bendigo Club held their second road race on Wednesday, and this time they wore blessed wilh fine weather, Tho race was won by E, Hull, wilh 28 minutes slut. Ho won by over 5 mmuto-i and this is one more ex ample of road race handicapping. A novelty will bo scon when a scratch roan can pull up cloio on a minute in a mile. On present handicapping bo has not tbo ghost of a show. It baa been truly said that when a man wants more than half a minute start in a mile, ho ought to give up raoing and rido a wheel for pleasure, H. Herman was sooond with 17 minute?, and A, McGregor third with 25 minutes. A record entry has boon received for Hartley’s road race—a total of 101. There is likely to bo a largo field of starters, and with Ano weather should prove a great success. The distance is about 24 miles and the limit is 20 minutes, but as the lady ontrantos on that mark aro not likely to start it is virtually 18 minutes. By tho way I have board that tho two ladies who have entered nro not a little annoyed at being given tbo limit, saying that tha “now woman” only wants equality and no concessions. la reference to tbo proposal-emanating from tho Ramblers’ Cycling Club to bold a team race, the distance has boon suggested as 10, 20 and 30 miles. Now if it h to bo n road race lot it bo a lost of a man’s staying growers, which is exactly what a road race should bo. 1 would suggest that tho distances be 25, 50 and 100 miles, and thii will prove beyond a doubt which is the premier club of tbo dis trict. AlO mile road race is of no use as tho good rood man does not got settled down to his work for a fow miles. Tho Rovor toad race from Bondigo to Mel bourne is announced for Saturday, September 12, The Ar»t prize is on Imperial Rover \ 2nd, £10; 3rd, gold modal, £2 2a ; faslo-t time, £5. Martin has boon paralysing Queensland folk by his riding. At the cycling carnival at Bris bane on Saturday, bo won tbo half mile, one mile and three mile handicaps from scratch, and also tbo Avo mile championship of Queensland. Bo was also op tbo winning triplet in the multicycle. This is not at all u had afternoon’s work. We no sooner hear of one record now than wo hoar of it broken. T. Linton has now beaten his famous rido of 30 miles in the hour by riding 31 miles in ono hour. This is truly a marvellous feat when it is soon that each milo was ridden in linin 56 l-Ssoos, which is faster than the Australian record for one mile. But things aro different “at hntno.” In Franco a now style of championship has b'on introduced in tho shape of a badge which entitles Us holder lo 16 1 pee day as long as ho can successfully defend it. Jacquolin hold it for some time and bo has been hc-aton by Jaap Eden, the well known Dutch rider. On all sides it is considered that the coming raoing ►eoson will be a record one for famous riders. Already wo hoar of riders coming from all parts of Iho world. It is announced that wo aro lobe visited by Stearns’ racing t<am. There will bo sent by the Stearns Cycle Cos., of Now York, maker* of tho “Yel low Follow,” and include Kiser, Murphy and Wheeler, throe well known riders.' Some from England arc also spoken of, and Zimmer man is said to be training a little with tho in tention of coming to Australia to inlroduoo his wheel,or else ho intends send a top nolober (o do it for him, Tbo Stearns* team will bring all paoing arrangements with them, and Vio« torians will soo some up-to-date paoing. A bioyclo has boon built for Lady Pearson which cost £230. Australians And machines quite costly enough without jewels, silver and ivory as this one is supposed to bo. A bicycle thiof would lllco to got bold of Ibis one I should think. Tho throo New South Wales ridors, Mcgsoo, Lewis and Payne have been engaged to ride tbo Rover as a team. They will undoubtedly bo a draw at homo. Parsons has also been offered a largo sum to rido an American machine. Australians have boon lucky so far and it romainsto bo seen whether they do any good. Tbo Homo Office is at present formulating a scheme to stop a “scorcher” without injury to himself, his machine, or the officer of tbo law who undertakes to stop him. Recently a policeman upset a cyclist who was travelling too fast, and damaged bis machine which bo bud to pay for. 