THE TURF. Hayelock disappointed his party at Flemington on Saturday by finishing last in the Hurdle Race, for which he was fairly [?]ked by his friends. Xhe Canterbury I'ark races (N.S.W.) were postponed on Saturday on account of the weather being Wet and unfavorable. A rumor was circulated in town on Satur day that Mr. 8. Furry had bought the Jordan Park Estate for £2,000, but we understand that although negotiations have been going on thu purchase has not been completed jot. Members of Tattersall's Club who play billiards are reminded that nominations for ilie coming tournament close with Mr. Devine at the club at S p.m. today {Monday}. Mr. YThitington requests us to give nomi nators a final reminder that acceptances are due to-day, at 4 p.m., for the S.A.J.C. Accession Day meeting. Tho weights for the V.E.C. Grand National Hurdles and Steeple are due in Melbourne te-day. During the past week the trajnias )*\\*> been bustling their horses along & Uc in view of the near approach of the. 6,A_J.O, tort Adelaide, and iaUersalls, meeting as well as Port Augusta and others in the country. Schooling ?paranras over tbe hurdles and steeple fenoes i)?v.j jeen going ,oa on the Oid Course. Paul ?J^jCs and Lallaiva were jumping the hurdles 'oii Saturday morning, and Conaequenoe par ?formed cleverly over the big fences. Lord ?Grcmille galloped a mile and a furlong in mm. "j! sec., the last six furlongs in 1 mm. "23 sec Carmelite got over six furlongs in 1 tain. 2Ssec Fulham negotiated five furlongs in 1 mm. 10J sec Gipsy Queen, Pamail, and Juliet were all doing good work. Two Up country horses, Eaglehawk and' The Ghost, were also exercising. Jack Sprat has resumed wort under Patterson's charge. Badiant, tho winner of the Gawler Hurdles, has thrown off bis lameness, and - the rest of Patterson's team are doing well Trout has started training operations again, also The Idler' (under Fitzroy's care). Helena on Saturday yot over six furlongs in 1 mm. 24£ sec Young SLueiier, Barter, Netherby, and Home Rule ?were all on the track. Royalist has met with ? slight accident that may affect him for a day or two. Pluvius and First Master are pottering about. At . MorphettviUe The Golden King has been tried at the illegitimate game and jumps well and fredy. Port Admiral, Royal Admiral, and Pitchery are all doing Rood work in company. Ueusinian hag been doing long steady work. On Saturday ""trying foliage asd KirUby went together, die son ofMalua showing a dean pur of heels to Kirkby, beating him by about 20 lengths iv n. mile and a furlong. ZComadic has been doing good work since lie came back from Gawler, and all the yearlings inQuinn's charge are.doing very well. Mr. Croaer'e horses -worked on Saturday after noon. Viking beat Hortensius over once round on the tradz, tunning the distance in 2 mm. 41 sec Concussion and Surefoot were doing moderate work together. 