BY FABIAN BELL,', 'Anthor of " The Mahanjah'a Diambadi," ? "After Long Yeans," "The Letter ia Qypher," « He and She," ¿kc ALL BIGHTS RESERVED. . ) {FOB THE MIMIK.] CHAPTER XXXIII. .. v .< . ' GHOSTS. The land on the farther side of the Stream was more broken than any 'Which Robert Grimshaw had yet seen, . and appeared to > rise - considerably ; 'indeed they were now ascending the hiU,'thoagh in a.cirouitoua'direction,. and when the sun rose some boara later tthey had a splendid view pf the great tplain behind them and the wild/gorges around.' They were a long way from Grow Gully, and though Vost did not «fail to look in all directions for sigos of the precious metal, he saw none. , f He asked the natives whether there, ; was plenty gold " tihere, < but they 'shook their heads, intimating that it lay farthfr sooth. v He also asked them Whether they should go near the wonderful pave, but they- again ;a^wered in the negative, and comfort- ing^ hto^ that he ^houid JçerèàinÎy ' find it later, he dis-, missed the subject from his mind and cheerfully plodded on. As ^hoy lefb the river bank, and, mounted to a higher altitude they left the . mosquitoes behind, to Grimshaw's great, satisfaction, to whom their atten- tionsi ; had been more close dhan desir- able. , Theirplace, however, was'taken 'by^Hwhole: swarms,of saadtlies, which ; were ,bub little less objectionable. The ^country, was ateo a likely one for snakes, . of which he. had been repeatedly, warned, thoagh as yet he { had not seen any venomous one, and he could not yet regard the harmless : BpecimenB with . the profound in ÇÛfference which was shown by his Companions, both blaok and/white, Ignite the day was still young they came in sight'of the mia-mias of the native camp, and in one of the, largest of these they found Sbubbs, carefully watched and tended by a black gin, , who squatted by his side on the bare .ground like a figure" carved in ebony, and .only stirred from time to time to give him. a drink or perform some * trMing; sèrvice.. lt ., was this^voman ' who had <<eb his , injured limb- and \ tended. him through the long fever ? with marvellous devotion and con \ atancy, though he never knew why she 'had thus devoted herself to him ; whether it was the natural goodness of her heart, or whether she thought he was some mysterious creature whose " anger she hoped to propitiate, or whose ifavor shefsought to .win. Perhaps she fancied it was thë.spirib pf her dead ;;ohiéf;whp thhs. returnepVto the earth in:tbé gnièe of asúperidr.race. Stubbs recognised Vost, and held oub a thin hand in welcome. " lb is good of you to come," he said. " Is that the doctor ?" \ "Though .Grimshaw was not a doctor he fortunately carried some %p2uinine- and-iron powders in bis swag, and Boeing thab Stubbs* ailment was low fever, brought on by exhaustion /and his \wound, he administered these with excellent effect, sb that the .natives, seeing the cure, brought all : the sick people in the camp and laid 'them ab the feet of the great medicine »man^who vutnly tried to make them ¿understand that thé drugs which would Yçn^)*'lôw -'fever were' nob exactly ?adapted for the treatment of con sumption and scrofula. But they, thinking i that they ' had not offered sufficient^ inducement, brought nuggets .and quartz with'opieoeB, of 'gold in it, making signs to bim thab: he should 'take these in piyment for his services. "What a pity we didn't bring a medicine chest with ns," said' Vost. "" We might have found the trade of medicine man more profitable than digging. Can't you give them1 any- thing f . have nothing but a box of 'Cookie's pills," said Robert doubtfully. , ; í¡" The very thing. Give them half a ''dozen .apiece all round. lb can't hurt 1'em¿ and may do good. Anyhow, it's sure; to please them." vAs >soon ;as Stubbs became a little stronger be gave them an account of h's experiences in the treasure cave, of the death of poor Jakes, and of his : own terrible and prolonged sufferings. ; I:thought ib .was / all up with me," 4e «aid. I never expected to get oat of that cursed place, but. .now and «gain I strack on the wall with my piok, and I shouted and called pat, more to keep myself from, going mad than from any hope of eyef escaping thence. When I beard the Wacks working away ' I conld'not believe my good' fortune, and when the first ray of daylighib came into ;the cave I think I must hâve, become unconscious, for the next- things that I remember was finding myself in this mia-mia with that old black gin. leaning over me. I thought : she was a devil, but she has been more like an angel to me." " And what became of Hardcastle, or Hall, as you call him 1" " Carse him," cried Stubbs, raising himself weakly on one arm and utter- ing such a fearful imprecation on the absent traitor that even Robert strove to silence him. They then compared accounts con- cerning the common enemy, and agreed to join forces and track him to his hiding-place, wherever that might be. They little knew that at that very moment he was advancing to his doom, having determined to pay another visit to, the treasure cave before be left Australia for eyer, and took bia ill gotten gains to one of the great cities of America, the presence of Eulalie and her recognition , of him having shown him, that Australia was a more dangerous place than any other. ? "She will scarcely..pursue me to j'EVisço^-^h^ thon will just' make one moire trip to the treasure cave, and then I will leave this cursed pla«» for ever." " v Accordingly he bought a good horse, and took'the journey by very easy stage?, avoiding all those placeB where he was at all likely to'be recognised. He dropped the digger altogether, "and gave but that he was an English Lord doing the colony. His princely airs and evident command of money supported .this claim, and he met with great consideration wherever, he went. In this manner he was muoh less likely to be suspected than if he bad allowed people to fancy that he had anything to conceal When he reached the neighborhood of Bead Men's Flat, he made a con- siderable detour, and struck the plain at. right angles with Canon Gully. He approached'it very nearly at the land- slip and rode swiftly down. His nerve did not fail, nor his conscience smite him when hs contemplated that spot which had borne such an important part in his colonial expérience. Here the tiger snake had pursued and would have slain him but for Jakes;. Where was Jakes now ? Here he had lured the two "miners, Vost and Fritz, to their death. Were those their bones which lay bleaching further up the .gully ! No, on a further inspection they proved to be those of a kangaroo which had probably fallen over the cliff When-he came, to think of it the men's bodies1 had no doubt been carried farther down the creek by the force of the flood which had followed the memorable storm. He did hot camp in the gully ; it might have been too much for even his hardened nerves, bub he stopped for some hours at the camping place under the wattles, where Jakes had drunk of the muddy water which he would not touch, and Stubbs had told him stories of the drought in Kew Stfuth Wales. The whole place was full of remi- niscences of, his old chums. They surrounded him on all sides, and would not be shaken off. Try as he might he could not help remembering what the one had- said or : the other had answered. He strove to turn the current of his thoughts to look forward and not backward, but he could not do it. The solitary ride, the sight of these well remembered spots, shook his nerve as if he had seen a ghost. : He had intended to camp for the night under the wattles, but sleep, was impossible ; he took a sip from the flaBk which he carried in bis pocket, but he did not dare to draw too deeply from it lest the time should come when he should want it more. . He would fain have kept a large fire for company, but there was no wood ; and even had there been, he would not have dared , to make a blaze lest it should attract enemies from some part of the great lonely plain. The silence was oppressive beyond words, and, when a mopoke broke the Stillness with its long melancholy note, he could scarcely restrain a cry, and the perspiration poured down his face. He had not felt like this in the day time. He longed for the sun to rise, but it was scarcely midnight, He had intended to remain under the wattles all night, but he found it im- possible to do so. Surely the place was haunted. He saddled his horse and resolved to push - on as far as the river. He would have a good rest there, and then it would be daylight, and with the dawn the ghosts of the night would clear away. There was I light enough to see the landmarks, though there was no moon, and his good horse soon covered the thirty miles in his long swinging trot. At dawn they reached the river. " Now for a good rast," said Hall, and finding à sheltered spot he lay down with a saddle for a pillow, and was soon fast asleep. . But in his dreams the tiger snake again pursues. Fast, fast he flies, but the snake gains little by little. On, on he t goes, straining every nerve, faster and faster till the movement is agony. He approaches the gully. He looks out for Jakes. No Jakes is there. Jakes is dead; ho can no longer help anyone. Faster and faster fljies the hunted man, nearer and nearer comes the snake. He can do no more. He falls ; the creature's fangs are on his throat-he wakes, and springs to his feet with a 'cry of horror. What is that on his throat. It is the ser- pent after all. He puts up his band and catches a large hairy-legged spider which1 'hadi ^ropped^ from - the tree above.>r " Âfter: this it was useless to try and sleep any more. , He would push onto the treasure'caye, fill the bag he had brought with him and quit the spot for ever. He bathed in the river, took another draw from his flask, and felt ready for anything. He forded the stream without diffi- culty and threaded the labyrinthine track which led to Crow Golly. He knows the way well. This is the gully, this is the spot where the little camp stood. To his surprise he finds that the tent which he himself had helped ,to fix is no longer there. He rubs his eyes and looks round. Can he have mistaken the spot 1 No, he recognises one landmark after another and there are the very tent pegs which held down the flap. But where is the tent f Someone must have been here and taken it away. 'Who? Perhaps another party of diggers had been prospecting and had discovered the treasure. Perhaps-a more ter- rible thought still-Jakes and Stubbs had escaped from the death trap to which he had consigned them, and had themselves removed the tent to some other spot. How he wished he had not come. If he could only have found himself back in Melbourne, nob all the gold in the world would have' tempted him bo return to Crow. Gully. But now he had come so far he could not for very shame turn back. No, he must brace himself bo the task and go on to the bitter end, and that the end was near he was himself dimly conscious. lb was impossible to ride further, so he tethered his horse and pursued his way on foot. There was still water in the creek. This encouraged him, for it proved that the stream had not again been diverted from its bed, but that having entered and probably filled the cave had forced its way out into the old channel. He scrambled up the watercourse. It seemed to him changed ; there wae certainly more water, and it rushed past him with greater force, Recent storms in the hilly' district would account for this. He did not dream ol the.further mischief which they had done. It is hard work climbing over the wet, slippery stones, but. it will soon be over. The rush of falling water if in his ears." He turns a corner, this ii the spot from which in former daysthc cascade was visible, and afterwards th< entrance to the cave. He stands transfixed. Can this bc the same Bpot? There is a cascade, bm not the one he remembers. At arch of rock is now filled bj the foaming torrent which fallí behind it in roaring thunder in th« very space which had once beer occupied by the treasure cave. For in releasing Stubbs from his prison thi natives had broken down a great pan ot the - roof, and the torrent swollen by rain had completed the work ol destruction. The treasure cave had disappeared. Hardcastle could scarcely believe th< evidence of his senses. He rubbed hi eyes and went still further ; the ronni pool was filled to overflo wing, it wa impossible to go round it or behind it the old footholds had all been won away. If any gold remained in the gull} and no doubt there was plenty, th only way to obtain" it would be b; again diverting the Btream from it channel, an engineering task quit beyond his skill, and beyond th execution of any Bingle pair of hands. Baffled and confused he turned ti retrace bis steps. What is that 1 Does be see a ghost Deafened by the sound of rnshin water he has not heard the steps o bis pursuers. In the downward path complete!; commanding the narrow gully stan three men. He know them wei! Two he believes himself to have ela« One is an enemy from tho forgotte; past. Surely they have all three rise from the grave to confront him. H knows nob where to turn no what to do. Flight is impossible Behind him is the deep pool and th wall of rock, and rock closes him i on either side. Escape is impossible He has. no weapon, he can neithe fight nor fly. He stands paralysed. if "Seize him," cried the stern voice c Hiram Stubbs, " and bring him alone The boys shall judge him." (To be continued on Thursday.) 