AN R NTERESTING__ STORY: i GLADYS." A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME1 b S IlY M. l. B, PANT I. Y A.lovely morning in spring, when you azoom to see tho treos growing aud the flowers oponing to the sun-all nature is so bright around that you always fool a rolloution of its warmth in your heart, and a song of tllakslivlug rises to your. lips, for the fact ;of life, and tho bolessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies before us, sloping grad r nally , the river, anti illed with all the sweetest perfumao of bud and blossom- Sau old-fishioned garden-whero thi Lent liliea bunt their graceful heads, and the tall narciaal shared the honors with monthly roses. SA pretty houeo, of the cottage typo, though built witl plotty of space at coon. "i nand, and showing outhlouses and stabling in its rear, buspoko the inhlabitants to be sulliciantly blessed with this world's goods to live in comfort, at any ratu, if not in abolut'o luxury. ' Seated under a spreading syeamoreo, r fwith Notudinalty umbroildry in lier hoo,lu, Soni gn?iodu at the pure oval of Ier faco, at the d0eop gray of her eyes, nod the golden brown of her hair, " suaning over with curla," to say nothing of her supple fig(iro and taper hands and footu, and you would not fool surprised to hour, what was indeeod a fact, that loatrico Conway iha been "the buauty,"par excellence, of the last thireu seasons, Theroe was, however, a tinge of nolan. ouoly in the wistful droop of hir rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though al hliress, as well Its a beauty, silo was not entirely hplllpy or free from caro. IFlitring about fret shlrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as falncy alone dictated, and gradually tilling thlo basket shlo carried in liar haml with all the elpoils of the gardon, was another girl. The two were niuch ilhkeo, but this one was younger, brighter, fairer, and evi denltly hlail,lir tlha i her cousiln for such was tile degrte of rolationsllip betwOeen the two. 1Beatrice, .the older cousin. was the owner of the lpretty cottage, where also dwelt her rAunt ,and cousin Gladys. An aonnost sisterly affcctio'exisatod between tlhe,, two girls. Up to the present moluttnt, Gladys had beeo the chief spokeswoman, but the con versation had hooe amonowhat desultory + and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it dillicult to remain + long ii one place, and gathering flowers atrorded a jloundid exercise for perpetual m]otion. Now, however, slo canso and settled hlorsoelf on tihe grass at her cousin's foot, atnd with a littlo sigh of conatent begatn to arlantgo her spils. 13eatrico contilnud the oonveorsation as if no interruption had taken place. "It is all very line for you to talk, Gladys, just lacarso you happen to be engaged to tile boat fellow in til world the boest 'catch' of the season-a ]land somte man, and one who, beside all those advantages, is as mtaldly in love with you, little cousin, as if those wore the days of chivalry, and you were an enchantod princess it a Imoatod castlo. lo hans only sue serious fault that I know of, and Sthere's no denying liat. he is frighttully; Sunroasonihly joalous ." "It'so the only thing that prevents our h love story being as common-placeo as a r cook's or a housenalids," pouted Gladys, " but I am always hoping that something may turn upl to arouse his jealausy, but you know, confidentially, and with a quaint littlo sigh, " I'm so dreadfully in love ,with Ilim, that I don't think it over acan, for, hleatrico, I'mll aure I could never give hinl even the slightust oauso--" "01h, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted liher cousin; "but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys." " I don't moat to dieny that L'ro a very lucky girl," continued (lady's, as if she had not heard, or, at any rate, hooded the lntorrultiou, anld holding up a bunta of Screamiy rsua to sue how they haruntoisod with her cousin's dress, and fntoenig them, in her bro,,oh in a kind of paron thesis, "or that Claude is not the best and dearest follow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for mo ; but I not sure, Trixy," coaxingly looking up into I the older girl's face to try to get her to Sagree, "it would have oonu1 iiuch wiser slid mucih iore romanllti if lhe had hap. potued to to at artist, and worn a volvoteue uuot, alld-" "Yes," laughingly, "yes, lly dear con, Stiuch llot,re romanltic, bult lt lano-hlalf so convaniout. It was because ily lover, Denzil do Lisle, wals lpor, that Aunt Cathorine forced me ti reject him. ])onll't ever think. Gladys toy dear," spoaking very tendurly, "that the moost romrnatl surroundilgs call over reconcilu you to saying ' good-byo ' to one whom you truly love. I shall never forget Dunzil, and if only I could sue lhimn once again, 1 could Stheon die hapRpily." " Nonsensesu, love," said Glaldyt, putting her arms round liar couasin, atnd kissing her affectionately, " don't talk about dying in this glorious weatheor; lot's think of saioethig happy and bright, like thul suis. shie," gathering all the Ilowers into a big bunchth. " Claud said he'd be down altout twelve, and take us both up the river fish. lag. Yes, Trix, as you say, I'In a lucky airl, after oearmlg your dad romance, ilo't think I shall over wanlt ninn of yIl, owni but, stillt; yl must' allow that ploverty-muind, poverty without' rags, I dtistinctly objact to rags- poverty is so iluolh more romanatio than having all tho luxurloa of life and a few over, "MIy dear Gladys, I trust you will ativays have thetm ; you were made for the nahhtoo I cal't imnagiia you with a groat asrrow, or evin a great love, althoughl douhtleso you'll go tlhroughi lifo quito roe sluotablly withlout althlor." lThis was sall iii a jekitig llianner, bit swhle lleatrlou saw thle rosulobad moth ho. giiliilg tio iolt aild the brotn o yes fill withl.tours, she drow tier colshl tendoerly tl hlier side, aund lllshlod In quito a serious litiItnler. "tladaty, ilarllng, whlonover I loonk at your bright face anud thiik of your hatilil noiess, I always fool son tlhankful you lire alde to tiarry the lirst Inan ymlo over cared filr, whi lo ii Uvery way wlrlhy of yol youl IIUIIsl'tiiildl ile, douar. Y/Owill lldiiO r stnand lnow why [ a mn soliothlo and and i. nuolanohloly, I ali gollg hilto the houso shall 1 brlig yollr Ihat, ilear t " " Yes, or a sutnshado, or sulotlhlig hto ktsop ote froui bolig bliriit blanok s a orI)W, "'lThat wouldll't Ie at all romanttli, wolth It, Glldy's I" " No," with a merry laughl, " nit at all I atd I ldon't lihIlul Ulaltlu d s'toull like a Ila ok elltllOr f er a w ifoe, d ea al T rlxy ," w lncl l . Iug thlu grnerfiil Ilgt'r till slite iillhaslarotl Ilto thIe otlllge, " Well, I dll't w',uOll!r at inon talllllg IIi lov with Iloauntrluu, I shtutll il'solf Il it's qiiltu a dollaht to Inu ti watlui hoer ugo, aItId lI'n nt a ntil, or I suIt sititt t would be moro so." 'I'iiirnlte proud to be her cousin, and for people:to pretend that they soo a family likenese between us is certainly. very amusing. I would do any. thingl in the world, for helr--only' I'm awhIlly glad Olaude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, evon-to Beatrice. Bnut,'' with a puzzled look, " if heehad liked heor boat, I don't suppose I slooutl have lead anything to do with it. Well,"' with a shako of the henad, "' don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if he had boon r I could 'have proved my devotion 'l?t the restof lier c.editBtions weare out short hv a lieiil I uinig laid over lher eyes. With a littl schriek ofjruotelced diacusy, Glhdys jucsicid tip, salttering hUr Ilowers, t to right alid loft. ' eur face looked very.i rosy as slheils ha y released herself and I Stooped to pict u the bluaiooms, exclailn I tng in tragic ofane,- "Oh, Olaln?o, how you frightened moo I" "FrighLtuned youi, swoetheart ? Why, what a chlusy brute I must be. But therem, never mind those tlowersa, Ladybird, I'll I take good cans nobody oleo frightens you vlhilo I ae [ore." lie took lhr il hieia arics and bestowed a dozen kisses on her lips. Ilia is a stalwart ilgure, of six foot one or two, clad in theo lightest of tweed suits. Ilia lig blonde board and Ilaxon hair alhoo like thronla af gold ?e the suiosticte. Lis ela b evesoe ate?. Swith cleoplove tctds nliretie, on lble daluty , h1' Oile fe ei1 o Ialsalr,.'. . After a few miniutes given to lover-like deonsonslrtieol, hIe seated hinmslf oei the graas beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladlys down by his aide, possessing him. self ofn o snall bhand, "Ancdl now tell eno what you were talk. ing about when I came." Gladys Ilushed asudden fiery reod as sho recollected the wish that was oin eIorlips. "' Talking I Was I talking ? What did I say ?" " Well, I only heard part ofa a sentence, it was this: 'I could have proven my do. vstien be--'" . , " Oh, ' with a nervous little lnugh, "I a suppose I was rlehoanilg a speech for our private theatricals, Claude." j "Private theatricals, indeed I Now look hIorn, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, t " I won't have you talklg about your du votion to any other follow but Ilme. Ilow do I know if you talk about it hlt what a you cay feel it, and thens," lugubriously, '" whalt i to become of mIe ? No, no,sawee- t henart, talk as cmuch about devotion to me ) as you please, 1 acn cpon to as lmanly cons. fidesces 'rs that subjece as you like to q iakeo, o fire away, I'm ready." "Nonsense, Claude,"said Gladya,laugh. n ing in spite of herself, " as if one could make love to order, like a. dress, ors coat, or boote." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatri. cals are the very mischief, and put non- I sonso into girls heads. I hate all such oxhibitic ns I" " But, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you know-" " Charity be hanged I Charily, should begin at home, and I holievo its vanity that makes all you women so ready to ox. - hibit yourselves to be stared at at so much a hoad, under the guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." "Now don't be disagrocable, You know lBeatrice has promised, and you know all the places are booked at double prices to saoo the lovely Mis.s Caleoron, the beauty of the nlast throe seasons, in all the latest confections that Wuorth has promised to send for the oocasion-'" "All well and good, it Duatrie.litkeroa to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, seon no objection ; but recollect you are my property now," looking at her with proud possession written on overy feature of Isis handsomo, manly face. "And I won't have other follows staring at you, and talking about you discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't bear to soo thatdew on mny rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down eor cheeooks like twin diamonds. " Liston, Gladys, we'll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling," in a law, tender voite, drawing her to hiam, " you can't think whlat pain it would be to me to hear mny own little love discussed at the clubs as 1 hear so many otlher follows' sisters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me. Ulady's, to tind that you had ever hast a scorot fronu mo. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived IOe." Ile was strangely agitated adll spoke strongly ou so alight a cause, but Glady'a ruocimlbered for the first thne sinco their engagement how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintanco that Claudeo Meredith, before he inhecrited his unclo's wealth, had heont jiltod by a coar tain lady, and how hie ad only then re. turned fromn Ihis log sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest whlen aso anll swored hism. "Doceive you, Claido-why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you I you never lot moe have my own way \--not a little bit." " lbecauso I know you like having mny way iest--now confess you do ?" I shan't confess anything of the kind," said (Gladlys, porrerversely. "\Al, but I know you' do," with a visa shalke of the head. " Well, of courseq if you know, there's no more to be said. "Wheore's a eatrieo 1" he laaily inquired, after a sllghl.losorliko paesO. . - "Oilt, Claude," heo continuedl, ti a nsor rowful little voice, " she's just boon tell ing cieu the very saddest love story I ever heard; and, what is sadder still, it is every bit true." " Her own 1" queried Olaudo, more in torestedl it picking the bits of mean from Glsdys pink dress, Illcnin over s) piathetIO a story conceorning her coussil. "Yea t Lltat'a the renaon slict has tlover anarried,ndll "--I n an awe.strck whisperI A"shie nOever intends to he, beonause lo can't forgot D--" At this siociecnt a loud ring was heard, ot wlchll Chlnldu julncpod luioldy cip fro't hie Iacy attlitutdo, and hoeavd nb luig ngh. s What a nclsaUce I forgot alln aboullt It, hut I nsked ai follow to coeio down Itio dcy nnict go 1IshiIng with sIIs- yutl IcnIw decr, It inust be aswcfclly chill fcsr loatrlco to waetet IIn asncnnsc, aic ablo's eory good to bIu asn little cbtrunlvel, ulst yue esu nnlcst fool ,to Itrjp, at any rate I kIis( o he l Is just nolc too scacly, so I thought I would get a fellow to joIn is, anstd miako a qurartutto instad atof a trio, or rather a couplo of duloa--doei'L you tllcsk It Is a goold idea, t'1'h, enapltIl O,,ly it's 0no good I eantriceot si never love agoain," " \Yull, sit ictiy rote, hDnsil wIll ontor' toics her tlhe's tihs host folccw icc thle wsortl -cinlyci anissue bncek- fssue Illclia last w'ok, I cinll up igailst ns n hi lolndclnlroot last sight ; we wcroe dellghted to tiiut usin- we 1nocI tco he the greateat chliscicc II the worll, I)anozil anid I." I " I)uol lll Wh't a Icretly nnla o I It anlitulll, strastloly falmllllr," iiiiIrntlrod OlGdD, "\Y hat's hit utlw~r untou I" "Do Lialo-Denzil do Lislo. Why, I Glady., what is the matter ' for Gladys d had sprang to her foot is if by au electric d shock, and now stood looking, flushed and eager, lt her tall lover. "What namo n Say it again, Claudo," c clutchiog at his arm as ho waso turning aside. "Donzil do Li-lh. Do you know him " I' -this latter in quick, suspicious tornos. t Why, how add you lootk I' "Dol ?" lnughing nourvously. "No, I don't know him-- have heard the ame n -nothing more." "I don't undorstnrd ; what do you g moean "laying i detaining hand on her shoulder. '"Notling," disengaging herself, "lot I me go ; I will ha back directly. I must d tell -Boatric ;" with which series of words, jerked out non after the other, she a fairly took to her heels aond ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her in angry amhtozonoet. C l[o made o stop to follow liar, bult thought better of it, antd took out his cigar ucan, lit a frico, and tried to quiet e lis impatience witth tho soothing intlueico of Ia picked Havana. The following s oll teneos brokef frumn himn butweew the pu'lls of his cigar: "I never saw Gladys so odld beforo. Now, it I were a jihalua kiwnl of follow- I repeaUt, if I were jealous," this lunt was very emiphtatioc icoleoeiisiet by kicking a L smal p1ilrioisnto .the river, I should sawanr this was nonle hliS lover ,f hIles; but it can't be. I'll never believuro my Gladys. my liltle white dove, could so do civoe me." Iroro lie took a quick walk along the miniature terraco whlich ovoerhung the rivor. "No, I don't buliovo it, and yet, how alsoe necount for her sudden agitation at I the mnoationof Deozil's snano I it was that which so affected her, I'll swear-n-h, here I comls the follow himself; I'll tackle him ;" going to moot hint. " IIo a deuced good-looking, quite one's beon ideal of an s ollicer and a gentlomnan. All, my dear c follow," so the two men mot aind cordially a shook hands, "you've found us out. The y girls will be very glad to son you. What a t jolly day for a row, isn't itL" " Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish v won't bitoe ; the sun's too bright." h " Oh, the fish are only an oexcus. . There's ono of the prettiest girls in the d world to spoon. Oh, you needn't shako your thend and try to look solemn ; wait I till you'vo seen her. I'm sure Mrs. Coi- t way-" i "Conway I" interrupted the other mann quickly. "Did you say Conway?" p Claudo's face grow somewhat shadowed, a ns he answered,- h " Yes. Do you know her ?" a "I know Mra. Conlway once-a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter ?" " " Oh, yes ;" eagerly. " Cladys ii Is-" a "lThat namo-it must be the same." e lie turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said. "Do you know I hav seoarchod c overywhoro for that girl for the last t two years, but have boon unable to hear r of her ? Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt." " She was-didn't you know that she is aond 1 But, teoll mes,old fellow, whatdo you know of Glady's ? Where did you coo her? When?" SSite is the only woman I over loved," rejoined the other. " I love her still, though IIoeven knows she treated me scandalously. We were oeverywhere together for a month. I followed Sher like her own shadow ; she smiled blut on me, thoulgh then I was poor and she st snubbed others, mone who were rich sad C litled-" "Gladys, are you aoro It was Gladys Conway ?" "Sure. Do [ know my own facoin the glass? Not better than I know hers. VWhy, man, though I have not soon her for so long, put but a pencil In my hand, and I will draw her face, faliurc for fea ture, and line for line, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the too of my bent, and 1 was mad enough to thinik the loved aie, when in the spring aunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saying slte was already pledged to Hugo B1anklide, that I must I forget her ; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy ma;rriago, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned front India the day before I mot you in Bond Street. I had just learner4 that Bankside is still unmntrriod, and I made I up my miid tlhat I would search for Gladys and hear the oxlplaintion of the seotming mystery from her lips alone ; and now ygou tell mo that sle is here, and still unmairried. Oh, I shall go iiad with joy, at the thought of seeing helor so soon, with the hope that yet she may e miine,. Ah, I felt slhe could never have been so cruel, so false. I always know there must hnve been some strange mistake, sonme-" " Yes, as you say, there had been some mistake, but you Inust excusnemso-so sorry -just recollect is nmost important engage. ment-you will wait here and see her. Gladys, .tiss Conway-give that to her, I must lie olf at once. During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in his tooket-look and then torn out the leoant; he hurriedly folded and handed It to Major do imalo, who olserved, far the lirst ti0, the11 exceeding pallor of Ilia face. "Are you ill, old iman ? You look as if you had soon a ghost." "No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow fron the treeons ;" with a faint laugh t" ose you again noon, to?aO by." And witl quick, decided stops, hi was gtoso, "IReally, that is ton goad of him, to mnake hiselif searce like this, good old fellow, but I fndcied front is word or two t that hlo drsoplted the other day, that I was to bo introdu?ieod tilia miorning toh the future Mrs. lcredtlitl, but I llp poeo I was C iistialket. \roll, I'mi awfully obligdl to r hilt, an)yllowu, t give iio a chonieo of son Ia g ar litke ihis, I wslh oho wutll eoro, and yet, I dlrotdt to llthik of it, if I slsotild b e Ilistakoen agoi. Alh, lly dtnrllig, I dlit niot ktiow how ontirely I lioved you till th I tlolghlt otf seeing you agnali b hs II) i tIIOrved Ine ; bi I ullstat ot noeeut lher wlll a gloomy foce, Ahi, heore salo conioe I" A\ld Ithe strollg lmall natlllly troltbledl with ilulpprorssd exottelllnltt but the lghtIt fooatslsq hle ihndI htosIl was otly Gllldys, whto felt aliglhtly dslaoneurltel to intl a stralnger there, antd Io sign of olaidou what over advnd, hover e t nlvtd, lo r, in lier bretty Ilittoring way, netd hohll oult a tIny htatd, wlhllh Maojr do ihslo took tanordlnlly Ilresodl, for slthoigh this was tlot the rose, doubtloss she had bicn neonr her, Il"ajtr do Lslo, I piroutnol ?" aild (llltdys, int hrerl right ytltung vice, atut as sltoe oke, sIte oi ll not oh'll thinlkilig wlthat a goodlly llanllt hinolveroIf horeoIsin sII Iho was hall iiiand lighl, with a well. )rol)ortionll Ialn| wellhllt Iroiitit whichi Ilookdl relnarkably uondulhtgr . The fnotesan tLhatt of It)IUi llwho had thtIIIougt?itU IsultUredii t?la? olive Ikht, slot. wahtig dirk browut iair,andheavy, drooping mustache, kindlyj deep brown eyes, that women, little chil-l dron and nniomals always trusted at llrst sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glahidys qutestion, whilst a smiling light Caine iuto his dark eyes. ' Yes, that is my naimo. I caenohero by Claude Meredith's invitation, and rnew as Iou has beu unoxlpectedly re-called to town, I must introdueo myself. lie left this notu for Miss Conway." Gladys looked as he felt, truly as. tonished, but held out her for hanld Iholt tor. After a preceptible hesitati,on it was gi've to her. She put it into her pocket atonce. "Claudn gone-withol t sayinggo idl.by. hlow strsnei ! Youl don't kinw iit, .Major do Lisle, althlughlt you tare very famiiliar with rnv name. I ait G(ladys Culonway, the secondl." ILh started percepltilly. h Thu (llndya CIIIoway you Istow is illy cousin, but you will ncvor ose her mosre. Alh, foIrgive mII," seriously, " I slid not imean to alarml you. You will ae lily cousain almost iuiniteidiatnly, hit nisler an. other nause. Oh, how stupid I amt I No, sho is not marriedl, hut lhas chltianged It name to lBeatrice Caaunruls. It toss ai fancy of uer godllather's, who left lher large fortune lon that coindition. Str:ngu to mty, ,she told ntu, only this orning, ofl her Iriendship riltS you thrie yalsrne ago.. ()I colrsci, I do soastlnsilr yousr hlstory,itl 1I anm 'pimt su\re." with a O'hrsmOinain'lni "that olsi, w)'ii Glailj ]o; ueLd .,t bi worth loving." ' Tloll sme only ouo thing; is Cl.lys still free ?" he pleaded. " As free its air-or rather, I shlitIuld say, ns free :as a womlan can be vwho in bolld up iin a love story three ytears old. She is moro lovely, more lovini g andl lure loved than ever ; but I Iu pelrsuaded she swill never maarry-that is, I mean," with a little questioning look at her c'mp:nnion, 'she will neveor marry uldess you ask her again. I am certain there must have been soese mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin--for Gladys' nako--l ask you straightforwardly, why yot sent her that cruel letter, and bog you to tell me the truth." Slho waited in breathloes ailence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but ho answered her then, wilth those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ton. dor ones. " Why, I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was ill a mistake, that I must forgot her, as lho was betrothed to Arthur Iankaile, on ?ccount of Ihis woalth and position. What could I, the penniless sibalturn' in an oxpeonivo regi. mont, reply to such an appeal? Could I hold liher to her word so lightly given, or soen did I do so, would sheo consent to be so lold"? It almost broke my heart, and botally shattered ly belief in awoman's dis interestedlness. I left Lendon that night, and Enigland as soon as I could mnake the exchango. Can you fancy what foolirngsof Tantalus I had, when the firstlettera I re ceived from home told me of may accession to wealth and estates of which till that moment I had never dreamed." '" But slo-Gladys-never wrote that letter you speak of; it mast have been Aunt Kate-Mrs. Lennox. You know she was very proud of Gladys in a way, and hasd detrmned to shouldle should mnnakeo the bust match of the season; but Dr. lauksihle didn't propose till the day after you left town, and Gladys refused him poisnt blank then, and has kept oni refusing himi over since. Of course Aunt Kate was furiouus, anrd packed her olf, tre andl there, back to us, to the old house Ia Cornwall, where we had lived all our lives, atid ,aonCit\uct to do s wotill two yeors .agel, whos oel Squire Canoreon died, and left his god daughter, Gladys Conwaiiy-y-our Gladys, you know-tens thousand a year, anld his estate in Ayrshire, the only ieproviso being that SCladys should take the name of his mother-IBeatrice-and add theroto his own patronymtlic of CamiOern ; so that is the whole long story tstld in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the do tails ; but now-are you not dying to see her? Confessnow,"added tholiglht-hecarted girl. "Yes, indeed I am ; and can I sa her -now-at once 1" " Yes you shan't be kept waiting long, I will go at once and find Beatricoulnd solid her to you, Will you colue into the house, or see lBeatrice hero ?" "HTore, if sho will come." "I am sure she will; so, once more; ill dej?rseraoldlun," and with a happy laugh, the girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across thl sotnowllat sombre face of Major do Lislo, and thin a look of hope camet into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain wbru too nlny to remnai tshero unuttered, and canme forth in dreamy musings. Hiias musings were broken by a voice speaking just beolhind hli-the one voice in all the world to hins. " Gladys toldl me- Oil, Denzil I at last." Trhe latter portion of tits aentence was spoken In Ihis arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed of it, on his lbroest. One passionate kiss, wlthreiu all- the love anld longing of ysars scoemed to find expression, arid llat liy quite still, withl tle tonr acureing down hoe face. IIt vain ho tried to kiss then away; but salo said to let har woop, it did Iher good. The paroxysm of wooping soon speont it self, anid 1Beatrice asmiled up iuto her lover's face. "Now tell mse," slo said, ralsing her head a little from its resting-pllace, ind clasping one of his brown hInds in her two little white sones. " NIow tell lue, Denzil, how did yoii flindl Ise? W\Vhen did yon come ? Why didn't you ceoie before, I lave wanted yen so Iuim?h.s." time. When I reeoioved that liote from "Note I what note? I nuot ir wrlt to you befiore you weutawy IlrDnail. \\\'Why should 1 1 wee saw each other every day. "See, dsrling, this letter, with your IosograntO o0n it.' " I never wrote it, DonIil --nover'," she lnterrulried. l BIut hou was I to know Ilhat 1 I had neovor soUn yosIIP IIsris1 Writing !s-eu." "Oh, l)onzil rl And after I tolt yuu iow I loved you I" ' Ah, delnrest lvo, 'I ivis nmad to doubt you bult there carn Ie ni ro ru love witlh out jealonslls, sil did [ IinoL know overytiorh wouhIIl er o nv ino Ily pIairl, Iy Ili)eur? Wheln I recoseilv that cruel noto fra csyo-u .-na I thten IhoIuh'lt-l was stlinnOl) brokblnlinarledl, IuItl wIstiLt Isliasit siinceo nsid hsvn ioon there till . im weeks ago- whuen I was invalided hIiUm."' TO un CIsTIN'UrleI., At a eclertlfie cuofu,,re-i, IIn I'rlnsn, IvsItelicl 'iatillti wil h dril " whiihi s r tL so stu lly an uialiitt'ti I, l l wi ,rii |)h 'l at tih hsbk if Ih. tintlr 's h,,?,, n- i wI re ciiuullitil'lei II sny II l'lsl wisrt,' i'itill?y, Otmu all c reo thir rlicisiitei'll ' l, t efTcties t nllyiile thIny wore rill cunaluid In lhlals or wcraLpny Ii Da?or . 