A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN APPARITION. ADELAIDE, Thursday. At tho polico court to-dny A. Iladd was charged with unlawfully disguising himself with n piece of white oloth, and was therefore doomed to bo " idle nnd disorderly." Ou the night of 6th May, Mr. Meddal wns on his way home when he noticed a figure iu while omorging from tho lYesleynu Ccmelory. As it approaolicd ho heard it say "Tho?. Moddal, I claim you." Ho replied, "Take mo then," and struck the figuio with a stick wliioh he carried. The ghost olosed with him, and in tho scuffle the sheet was disarranged aud Moddal identified Rudd. Defondant wns fined 10s. and costs, £4 5s. in. ail. A donation of £100 hns boon foiwnnled by Lord Bra-s-y to tho konovolont fund of the Vio- torin Grand Lodge of Masons. Near tho residence of Mr. .Tnckman, Horsham, what is known as a " burning hog " is now in nctiro operation, and fire can, it is said, be socti plainly issuing from tho large crovicss in the earth. The Bnirnsdaio Hospital Carnival has resulted in the lnrgo not oredit balance of £205. The total rcosipts were £333, and tlic expenditure £128, £44 of which was paid away iu prizes. Tho sum raised by the Indies was £164, tho ox- penstto being only £14 odd. Notwithstanding tho unfavorable weather on Monday tho sum of £63 was taken on hoard Lord Brnsssy's yaolit, Sunbeam, for tho benofit of the St. John Ambulniico Association. Tho Naval Brigade band, whieh' played on board during tlio day, was highly apprcoiatcd by tbe visitors. The announcement of Lord Brnsscy's leetnre on 1st Juno next has oieatcd such a wido-prend domnnd for invitations that tho Unilod Service Institution hns had to npprboh tho Mayor of Melhourno for tlio use of the Melbourne Town Hall, nnd tlio request has boon granted, Lord Brassoy concurring. Two ticket olerks lmvo boon dismissed by ho Railway Commissioners. One wns amplayod at a suburban station, auil wns found to liaro misappropriated about £11 with tlio aid of roine alteration of liis hooks. The tnonay was repaid on liis behalf. Tho othor was dismissal for gross insubordiunUon. A hawker nair.od William Butler, who had been resting at Mr. IVilliam Grcnvas's fnrm at Lyndhurst, win found dead in bed on Wednesday morning. Ho bnd been suffering from asthma, but went to bed without allowing any dangerous symptoms. Decerned refused to hnvo medical advico, although urged to do bo. The generous action of tho Rev. Charles Clark in delivering a speoinl sermon in aid of tlio Qucon's Fund on Sunday wns v/oll appre ciated by the public. The rosult of tlio reverend gentleman's effort wns n subscription of £57 16s. lid. At tho invitntton. of Lord Brossey tlio Rev. Charles Olnrk dlnod on Sunday'evcn. ing at Government Hoiito. Now magistrates have boon appolntod as fol lows Central Bailiwiolc,:, J. B. Billion, Soy Fnntern BailiwibkV Janus Baylis, Stirling; John O'Connor; Port Albort ; H. A. £llr?,".r'. Hongworden. Midland Bailiwick: P. W. Blake, Tn'.bot, Northerly Bniliwiok : John Wolstenhome, Milawn. Western Bniliwiok': O. A. Akins, Stnwoll ; G. D. Murdoch, Hono- toun ; G. Tipping, Wychopioof. In yiowof the inlorest wliioh will be taken tmHysnriu tbo Legiilntivo Couitoil olootiom, property owners and others who are qualified to vote should take steps fosoo that they are on the roll. Everybody wl.o holds an oleotor's right dated P'jor to 3rd Decomber must obtain a renewed- right if ho wishes to hnvo ids nnmo retained on the olcotoral roll. Provided ho ro- tains tlio necessary qualification, a holder of a right may obtain q ronowed right at any time during the yexr up to 1st Decembor. 