CHILDREN'S COLUMN. ! MIDST FIRE AND FLAME. (Concluded. J All terror and confusion ceased at once. Tlic Norwegian's powerful form and the flash of his eagle eye reassured them. But there were plenty of cureeB in the old Norse tongue as the herds wcro driven into the farmyard, where a ditch was dugout as a breast-work. " They will attack at night," said Thors wald. " That is truo," answered bis father, with a flash of his fiery eyes. " They steel on you like a wild cat," "If wo stand off their rush," said the boy, *' they will then try to burn us out. We ought to wet the roofs now thoroughly." " No," said Gunsberg, curtly. " We have not time. Take your mother and sister to thc barn." " I think my place is here by your side, father," said the boy. " Take the women to the cave and sec that you keep their outcries down," repeated Gunsberg. When thc female portion of the household was behind the big gates the Norseman, with a laugh, swung the doors to. " Stay there boy," he said ; " I cannot light with women and children clinging round my knees." Thorswald raged. Tears of wounded pride, shame, und anger rose iu his eyes, but hil mother said : " He knows what is best for you, Thor." The matron made arrangements in the cave for slcopiug. The terrified women became calm as they realised that they were iu a place of comparative safety. Thc solid walls of rock dulled every sound from outside. About midnight the garrison stood on the alert, for dim shadows were discovered flit- ting through thc pines, and grouping and massing out on the plain. Grey Eagle, the Crow war chief, was as haughty every whit as the best Norseman that ever sailed a galley or belted on a sword, and his force waB BO strong that be disdained the usual snake-like Indian approach. He mar- shalled thc Indians into two columns for a rush to carry thc farmhouse by storm. On they came in the moonlight, yelling, and, though thc steady fire of the Norwegians thinned their ranks, the Crows closed np every time, and at last jumped the breast- work. Then it was gunstock against toma- hawk and hunting knife against hunting knife. G lindberg's great form towered over bis foes and rained blows around like a Goliath. Grey Eagle met bim and was crushed. A cheer went up, and the blood of battle blinded tire giant's eyes, though he was dimly concious of a slender form at his side, and, whoever it was, he warded off many a deadly blow, and he pursued the Indians hot and heavy as they made off with the body of Grey Eagle. But the conflict WBB over for the moment. Gunsberg looked around on his herdsmen, a dozen of them lying at his feet. "Anothersuch victory," he sighed, "and wc are undone." " They outnumbered us tm to one, father," said Thorswald. The Norseman turned. " Ah, it was you, then 1 And you saw the fight ! Ay, you did -and took your part like a man. I re- member itali." All knew the Indians too well not to feel sure that the attack would be repeated before morning. In the house thc wounded were carried into the burn, and the whole force accompanied them. The ranch-house, the cattle and sheep, and the ricks were abandoned. About three o'clock the Indian yells burst on the air, and simultaneously a lurid flame shot up from all the ricks of hay and straw. The neighing ot the horses in the stables, mixed with the frantic bellowing of the cattle and the crackle of thc flames excited the Berserker blood of the Norseman to fury. He filled his tankard from a brandy barrel. No one dared reason with him. Suddenly he flung back his long hair and strode to thc door. Thorswald flung himself in bis way, but was thrown aside. "Shall a Norseman of thc King's blood skulk in a hole like a rat ?" ho shouted. As he spoke ho caught up a ponderous broad-bladed woodman's axe and swung it in glittering circles around his head. All shrank at the furious blaze of his eyes. None dared lay a hand upon him. With a shout like Hector rushing forth from the gates of Troy he dashed out of thc smoke and flame of the burning farmyard. Swinging his axe around his head he dashed on the Indians. Thc heavy gate» swung to behind him with a terrific clang. Thorswald mode no effort to follow his father. He darted to the side of the cave and disappeared into the short subterranean passage-way he had excavated in the hollow pine. The chamber in the tree was loop- holed, and he could see the Homeric combat in front of the light of the buming ricks. The giant WOJ surrounded, but his axe swung re- morselessly and thc Indians fell before him. But uow, suddenly, quick as tho strokes of thc broad axe fell, Guosberg's focsfell quicker. Thorswald had not gone into the pine to be a spectator, but was dealing out bullets from a powerful air gun. Thc Indians stopped panic-stricken, as mysteriously one and another fell. But just as Thorswaid was congratulating himself, his father reeled bliudly, staggered and fell. A painted Crow brave sprang with uplifted knife to scalp the giant, but Thorswaid sent a silent bullet his way. The savage threw up his arms with a shrill scream of agony. The panic was completed and the Indians ned in a crowd. They continued to fall as they rushed past the burning hay- ricks, and amazed they darted into the pines helter skelter. Thorswald opened his secret door in the pine bork, rushed out and threw his father's body into the chamber. Then he hurried through a subterranean passage and called for help, und iu a few minutes thc body of Guns- berg was carried into thc barn. Thorswaid hastened back to his wooden fort. Indians were nowhere visible, but be saw they had only retreated so as to bc out of range, and were probably planning a fresh attack. HÍB great fear was that thc next would pile thc hay and straw against the big barn door and Bet it afire, and bc hastened to his eleerie hillery. He carried the long spirals of wire out to the iron bars of the gate. A grim smile lit up bis face as he realised the terrific shock the Indians would receive when they laid hands on those irons. He hardly gained thc tree again when a big crowd of painted savages made a rush altogether with uplifted toinahawkB to butter down the entrance gate of tile cave barn. Their sudden yells of horror and fright made thc hoy dance with delight. Thc Indians sprang buck in amazement and terror when their tomahawks struck the heavy doors. " Hough ! howgh I" they yelled, " the white chief's gate is bewitched !" They turned and fled. Thorswaid sent a few bullets from the air gun amongst them to complete the rout. " Howgh 1 the big white chief was again slaying Iiis foes by magic !" " If I kuow the superstitious Crows rightly," Thorswaid muttered, " thc next fright i give them will scatter them like chaff, and last them till daylight." Hu took with him u large bottle of phos- phorus, and crawled forth on hands aud knees. The straw and the hayricks were a mass of dark, smouldering tire. The smoko lay liku a pall over the burnt farmhouse. Thu darkness was intense ; creeping up to the big baru I doors, on their flat surface he rapidly drew I in outline with thc phosphorus a full length Ïportrait of the dead cheif. Grey Eagle. Thc : ikencss grew and stood forth iu thu darkness j in liues of fire. When thc work was finished 1 lie crept back in haste to tho hollow pine aud awaited results. By lilis time the Crows had again recovered from their panic, and undet thc urgings of their medicino man, who was angry at thc success of tho white man's " medicine," they carno on again with yells und threats to attack the barn. 11 Thorswaid could sec them leaping through the farmyard in great uumbcrs ; but us they dashed at the barn an indescribable yell burst on the night air. The fiery figure of their dead chief threat- ened them with uplifted hand, and with a . simultaneous cry of terror they fled back to the dense woods. Then the day broke, aud the rosy light of dawn spread over the plain. The farmhouse and its surroundings were masses of blackened and smoking ruins, hut the inmates of the cave were unharmed. Thorswald found his father greatly recovered. Help came during thc day. The frontiers-men south of tile Red Turn had banded together and formed a company of soldiers. The Crows were driven across the frontier into Canada witli a heavy loss, from which the tribe never recovered, and Minnesota was relieved from the spectre of rapine and blood. For years the legend of the great chief's ghost was a frontier story, and even now it eau be beard among the tales of the early settler's days told by Minnesota firesides in the long wiuter nights. But the Crows, who were finally allowed to return to their reservation, will not speak of Grey Eagle's ghost to any white man, though thc story is told to their children's children, and has become a tribal legend. 