Women in Politics. ' Sooth, Austiiaxu is just now engaged in tho scrioiis business of a.gonoral elec tion. Night aftor night throughout tho lend, tho voico of; tho politician is hoard pleading with tho people to rocogniso his fitness for tfio upholstered seats of tho Logislativo halls, and beseeching thorn, .to. indicate that recognition by voting for him to morrow, All this is hard enough to boar wlion tlio spoakor is tho ordinary man, tho ovory clay puttoror of politics ; hut whou to . tlio - ordinary man is added tho ordinary and tho extraordi nary -woman, tho trial of tho en durance of tho people miiBt lio sovcro indeed. For three or four weeks columns beyond numbering of tho daily pripors have boon 'filled with tho re ported 'dolivemnccs of tho longors aftor fame., Tho same subjects are handled, tho only variation being in tho mode of handling. With one sot of speakers Premier Kingston and liis party uro tho embodiments of all tho political- virtues ; with another sot they are tho embodi ments of all' tlio political vices. And. so tho weary whirligig of tlio prattle of a . general election goos 011. All this refer to tlio male politicians. Now, however, nnothor element comos ;in, ; tho franchise lias boou oxtonded to wf/mcn Rinco tho. general election of 189 3. This, therefore, will ho thoir first opportunity for tho oxcreisc of tho new endowment.' Every report of nn oloctiou meeting contains a reference to the largo number, of " latlios. " who were present. That of courso is natural onough ; they have- tho right to vote,- thoy must, therefore, see and hoar tho moil who are bogging for thoir votes ; and incident ally it will ooour to most men, ut any rate such as have any modorato know ledge -of fominino human nature, that tho finest-looking man will have the finest chanoo of 'soouring - tho women's votes.- '.;. v ' But niattqi'B " linvo gone beyond tlio point' nt . wliieli women ! wore morcly listeners at nieii's; meetings, tlioy.luivo taken tlio stump tbomsolvcs. -One of our recent Adelaide oxcbnngds an nounces tlmt Mrs. Nicbolls, tbo Austral asian president of tlio Women's Christian Temperance Union, wont last wook, on invitation, to Mount Gnnibicr, to deliver a political address, "in order to en lighten tho lady electors on thoir now duties "—and Rhe did the enlightening. Oho of tlio bottom principles of tlioso loaders of. ladies' opinion is tliut good laws cannot be expected from. bad men ; but right at the very outset comes tlio difficult question, Who tiro bud men ? And when Mi's. Nicbolls was- asked by a gentleman if she and lior fi'iunds wore going- to oppose a certain gentloman who is regarded a had man,' slio replied tlmt sho did not know anything bad about, this, mail , porsonully, and sho " did' not soo why they, tho women, should ho expected to take ; up tho work" which tho men, ' if thoy know tlio tiling., is, true, ought to .do thomsolvcs." Prcsumahly: by ."tlio world' she . moans tho work of detecting and' determining bndiiess in cundidutos. This interpretation is war ranted by somo wonls which precede that particular expression— tlio 'union did not choose to take upon tlicmsclvcs the disagreeable duty of -singling - out enndidutos whom tboy laid ' reason to believe wore bad.!' Slio might have added dangerous to disugrccablo, for surely few more' dungcrous pieces of business can -bo imagined tliuu that in which a company, of W.O.T.U. ladies sot thorn- solves to dooreo a man's .. budiioss or goodness. Libel suits would inevitably bo multiplied ; lawyers would rovol in the -'vastly increusod - litigation which would bo entailed. . . Sirs; Nicliolls opens out still more fully.' " Tho union did not intend to vote for anyone whom they believed to 'bo dishonest, 'and to lead an immoral life of any kind, or who was a druukon man, or, anyone . who had: a personal, interest' iu tlio .liquor trudo, or 0110 who snoorod at thoir efforts for purer living.',' , The , last . elauso is rich; men have boon knoiyn .to ,ho "opndomucd for vory trivial tilings, but to bo condemned for a sneer is strong work: But concerning tho othor elements ' of tho banning qualities. Wo iiduiirc honesty,, morality, and sobriety, as highly as docs Mrs. Nicbolls, or any of hor associates, but wo cannot ho uumiudful of the' fact that somo men, who, judged by their standard, would be branded' dishonest .niid innnoi'ul, Jiiayc 'doiic! grand , work 'for tho ' iulviihoomout of tho world, Tlio torms dishonest aud immoral, and avoir sobripty,1 are, relative yterms. . i Hq is hot tlio only 'dishonest man who .robs a till, breaks into, a house, , or commits highway robbery ; nor is- only -lie -imr moral- wlioso 'immorality- is-eoinprised within tjib narrow limits of tlio word's meaning usually. accepted by tho world ; noil ho only tho intbiuperato who is such when measured - by the 'W.O.T.U. standard. ' Bishonusty, immorality, and. insobriety nro of ;vnried hues und de grees, and whilo wodosidoruto as strongly 'as any can tho purification of till logis- hitu'rbs, wo fool that Mrs.'Nieholls and her friouds aro,' taking in hand a piooo of business for which tlioy are ' for , many reusons absolutely uufittcd. But there -is almost humour in tho more than suggestion that tho inon who prqmiso to support tho measures which tho union iipprovos, und 'who do not sneer at thoir work, may count upon ti convenient shutting of tlio ladies' eyes in relation to certain othor qualities whioli do not quito harmonise with tho approved measures and intentions. Tlio wholo . position is one of .groat interest, and at tho- sauio timo of no littlo coucornment to South Australia, nnd ,wo . now draw attention to /tho , difficulties, nnd (lungers of tho position out of true kindliness, without tlio slightest admixture of - even tho shadow of tho ghost of u'sneor. 