SKIPPER AND MAID. PECULIAR ASSAULT CHARGE eastaugh v. bissell. "the light that failed." in the Thlnl Civil Court to-day, before Judge Hamilton. Alice Maud Enstaugh (by her nearest friend. Elizabeth Anne Kastattgh), of Liddiard street, Haw thorn, brought an action against Thomna C. 1\ Hissed, of Hawthorn Grove, sea captain, plaintiff claiming L49 damages for alleged assault. Mr Kagtoson (Instructed by Messrs West ley tuul Dale) for plaintiff: Mr Maxwell (In structed by Messrs Clevcrdon and Fay) for defendant. The assault was sold to have taken place ,o«t. tho. evening of September 6th in tho dlnlugroom of plaintiff's employ er's residence— which was In darkness at .tho tUnaowlng to the accidental quench ing of a lutniH- and the defence was nn absolute denial of ptnintiff's charges. In opening the plaintiff's case. Mr . Eaglcson said that the defendant was lite captain of a vessel now lying In tite Bay. .Plaintiff, who was 19 years of age. was servant In the employ of a Mr Stylos, a friend of the defendant. De fendant called ut the house on tlie even ing In question, during the absence of the family, and taking advantage of temporary darknes?, drew plaintiff on his knee, hut on Miss Kastnugh resisting his overtures he permitted her to go free. Plaintiff, a qulet-looklng young lady, : dressed In- black, said About 8.50 on , the evening of 26th September, Captain Blssull, whom I had aeon before, called ; at Mr Stylos' house. He usked If the family were at home, and I said "No." f He said that he had brought a cabin : to lit on a mode bout In the hall. I got I the bout nnd gave It to him. I held the : hull lamp while he fitted the cabin on to the model. After that Mr Blssclt said ! he would wult u little, and uce Mr Styles. I took the tump with the Inten tion of going Into the dining-room. Mr Blssetl went before. As I got Inside the dining-room the lump went out. He said, "Here Is a match.- I held out my hnml for the mulch, when hi? caught me by. the. hand, jail ItLs arm round my -wnlst, and ' pulled me on to tils knee. His Honor: Was he then sitting down? Witness: No. he was standing up when ho. went to give me the. mutch. Then he sat down. He said, "Come nnd spend a pleasant ten minutes with me." 1 suld, "I won't." I struggled to free my- self, lie Willi, "If you won't, you won't." The struggle lasted 'tine or two minutes. I -lit the lump and went out Into tht? kit chen. 1 saw "The llerald" on the table. I brought It luta the dining-room, and gave It to Mr Biased. 1 thought that "Tho Herald" would take' his attention until the family returned. 1 went back to the kitchen and remained there ubout ten minutes till the front belt rung. 1 went to tbe door and found Mr Blsstll standing outside on the veratidnh. He had let himself out. He sold he thought he would not wall any longer, ns he would see Mr Styles on Monday. lie then left. The family returned some 20 minutes after. 1 mentioned what had occurred. Next tlay (Sunday) my wrist was very red. On the following Wed nesday, which wns my night off, I In formed my mother. ' Mr Maxwell: Who is Elizabeth Ann Kastnugh, your next friend ? — My mother. . Mr Maxwell submitted that Mrs East- nugh could not act In such capacity. He quoted the case of Find v. St. Muur as authority that a married Woman ? can not net as next friend. After -arguments from learned 'counsel pro nnd con, Mr 'Eaglekon said' that the-- fathdr, Samuel. Eiistuugli, was wilting to have his name substituted on tite summons. Thv altcratlon having been . made, the case proceeded. . \-- Mr Maxwell (to witness): How long were you struggling with the captain?— One or two minutes. . You knew what his intention was?— I should think so. Any girl would. know. When lie spoke of a pleasant ten min utes did you know what he meant — I did. Was the lamp hi your hand all the time?— No; I put It on the table when it wont out. . -4 - You say thut the captain dragged you on to a chair?— No, I say that he drug ged rne on to his knee. , While ho was standing up ho grasped you by the wrist?— Yea He was stand ing by a nh'itr. ' Ho sat down". on the chair tuul dragged me. along with hint. Did you call out?— No. It would bo' of ho'use. There was no ojje'to hear/ Wcrq you \;ery. much a frald ?— Yes. sir. . -Any children In the house at. the time? —No. And the nearest neighbor lived flfty yards away. ... After freeing yourself from the grip of tills ferocious man you took a match from hint to light the lamp'?— I did: ' . DU! you ask Captain BLssell -If he would Uke to see .tlie evening paper?— No.' sir. 'You say you thought it would take his attention.. What do you 'mean by that? —I thought It would prevent his coming out'to the kitchen to me. For fear he would visit you In the kit- chen you returned to the scene of the struggle, eh?— Yes. What did the captain say when you brought In the paper? — He sold. "What news?" and 1 replied that I didn't know. Then I went out and got the house dog and brought' It Into the kitchen wtth me. What Is the breed of tbe dog?— 1 don't know. Mr Styles will tell you. Is It u wIM dog?— It Is a savage ani mal,. 1 brought It Into the kitchen to protect me. You didn't take It Into the front room with you for fear It would attack the captain. Why were you not afraid to return to the dlnlngrooin?— I was afraid, but- J- thought thnt If l .gave him' the pap>r ho would take no further notice of me. ' You thought' that If 'he became ab sorbed In "The llerald" he would not : bestow a further thought on you?— That ; was It. (laughter.) His Honor: 'How long was defendant engaged in titling: the batch on the yacht?— About Ave minutes. To Mr Maxwell: I told Captain BlsflClt. when he asked for Mr Styles, that 1 thought he would. not be long. " 1 wok frightened once, about fourteen months I ago, nt Mrs Stylen's, by bearing a man's footstep on the verandah. I was alone In the house thut night. I never saw a ghost there. To his Honor: I was In Mr Styles'ss service for seventeen months. Mr Eagtoson read a "reference" re ceived by plaintiff from her employer. In which she was described as "clean, thoroughly hon'est. and a fair cook." Samuel Kastnugh. father of plaintiff, gave evidence of un interview with the defendant, at which he called the latter u scoundrel. Defendant said that he would take the law of witness. Mr Muxwcll: Why did you gel your wife to act as next friend In these pro ceedings?— I was udvlaed to do so by lnysollcltors. Defendant. Thomas C. P. Blssell. said that- he was a master mariner, and was chief ofllcer of the Loch Garry. He denied the alleged assault. When plaintiff nnd he went Into the dlnlng- room he sat down. ' Plaintiff had a hand-lamp with her, and she proposed bringing a larger one Into thc room. As uhe was going but the wind, from the front door— which was open— blew the lump out. She asked If be hud uny matches,' and he hold out n box of matches to her. lie shook the box to at tract her attention. Just then plaintiff tripped over his feet .aiul he put out his hand to save her. She took tin? matches from Ills hand, lit the lamp, went outside ami returned with a larger lamp. Plain tiff then brought in tbe paper, ami he sat reading fur fully half uu hour, lie did not remember If any conversa tion took place, At the end of thut time he rang the front door bell to attract plaintiff's uttentlon. When she came he bade her' gnod-ulght. She said that Mr Styles would nut be long, and she bade him, good-night us he v.enL To Mr Maxwell: I did not put my nrm round plaintiff. 1 did not say anything about a pleasant ten minutes, or any thing like that. I may have touched her shoulder when I put out iny hand tu save her. When the girl— at the subse quent Interview— nceusco me of assault ing her, t said It was not true, that she muiit have been dreaming. To Mr Eagluson: l.bnd been twenty or thirty times to the house before thnt— always on business— during the past Ave years. I rigged the yacht because 1 .thought It would give pleasure to Mr Styles' hoy. I live six minutes', walk from Mr Styles'n house. I thought it was quite un ordinary occurrence when plaintiff tripped in the dining-room. 1 have not bigger feet than the average man. I take nines in boots. My legs arc rather long— I stand six feci high. Were you sitting Yankee fashion when Miss Enstnugh tripped?— I was sitting comfortably, with my legs straight out In front of me. It was a kind of arm- chair. . Where did the girl strike whep, she fell?— She didn't fall down. She merely trlpiKxl, uml was Inclined tu fall. I don't know where she struck. Why did you not strike a match in stead of handing the box to defendon" —I am not a ladles' man exactly. That would have been the proper thing no doubt. Any ordinary man with the footings of n man would have done It I don't see why I should usurp the position of the servant In lighting the lamp. At tin? conclusion of defendant's cross- examination, the Court adjourned for lunch. 