THE POISONER.* Wo cannot be more than eight hundred jiilas from Kio de Janeiro. But it is^four months and a day since ivo left there. The second week out we struck some wreckage, and stripped the blades off our propeller, bosides fracturing the shaft. I do not believe we moved two milos in any ilirection after that. But worse was to come. One day, what we imagined was yellow furor broke out amongst us. First, Ferrand the chief engineer diod. Then one after the other the officers suc cumbed. Our doctor, a guest of the Marquis de la Forestier and myself, had been left, with four other membors of our party, in Kio. They were to rejoin us at Pernambuco, for which port wo were bound when we lost our screw and struck this windless belt and were boarded by Death. One morning, at breakfast, the marquis himself was taken ill. At noon, my friend aud old schoolfellow died in my arms. No suspicion had any of us that it was aught but fever. The symptoms were exactly as we had heard . when aubore—excessive retching, agonised | spasms, death. Alas ! we had no doctor, I aud, amongst us all, no medical know ] lodge ! And it was calm—always calm. And we lay and swoltsred, motionless. Aud at short intervals men died. Tlio ' officers were ull gone. Then jin one day five of the sailors diod—five, do you understand ?—one after the other. Tho survivors, wild with fear, declared that La Puc«f/« was accursod, doomed to rot where she lay. And, soixing two of the boats, they pulled away. They implored us to join them. But wo preferred to stay and take our chance. There had been no deaths for twenty four hours. So tlioy went. On board were now left only myself, Jean d' Auvergne, bettsr known as the Baron ds Cliohy; my friend, Autoine de Cevennc, Sieur de Boaupere, and the steward, a native of Adjaccio in Corsica, who also refused to leave tho ship. Evidently the plague had ceased. But week after week we lay like a log in the sun's eye ; night after night, aud day by da)', and hour by hour, did we pray aud watch for wind to fill our little sails, and at loast take us from amidst ths graves of our dead shipmates, the monsters who never ceased to swim about in the stagnant water, watching for more victims. Aud ever the calm stood, and to save ourselves from madness, we worked hard at cleaning and scraping and painting the vessel. For some time the steward had been acting in a strange and most offensive mannor, insisting, amongst other things, that as we were now all equal, he should take his meals with us in the cabin. Naturally, we resisted this innovation. Ono day, words waxed lmt between himself and Antoine. De Ceveune struck him, His threats were awful. Forrand struck mo once !" he concluded. " "Whore is Ferrand now ? Where are they all, my accursed masters " Then a bornd suspicion came into my mind, and I determined to watch him closely for at least the next twenty™ four hours. But such a length was un necessary. Washing the blood from his face, he went straight to his pantry. Stealthily I followed, and saw him take ..a square glass bottle from one of the shelves. Holding it up to the light, he grinned, and muttered to himself in 1 Italian—"Fool that I was to spare them! Soon shall the fever return ! Then there will bo but one inustor on La Pticclle" With a shout to Antoine in the saloon, uext.TOinultf Xbad.thp misereautjjv t})p mustered him. The bottle contained arsenic stulen from the dispensary. He had not even ths excuse of in sanity; for when at last, securely bound, we carried him 011 deck, he boasted, in a mattor-of-fact, cold-blooded fashion, of tho revenge lie had taken. And he told us, too, that he had but spared us for a short time longsr because of the pleasure it gave him to feel the sense of absolute power over the last of his former masters—a. possession lie was loth to part with. " But tlie poor seamen, with whom you hud nothing to do ? " queried Antoine, in a voice of horror. " The last to kill comes by killing," roplied tho wretch with a laugh. And he would speak no more. Indeed, he had but little time. Far more merciful than he had hcen, wo hurled him overboard. Tho next minute the watchers took him, leaving only a red stain 011 tho still wafer, to show the end of the wholesale murderer. Aud now the ship became utterly insupportable. At every turn we met the ghosts of our poor poisoned I friends. Strangely enough, before this knowledge, 110 such thoughts had over troubled us. Now Murtel the captain, Ferrand the engineer, bluff old Joyeuse the mate, the marquis, aud uiuny others, hovered around us, all with distorted faces and despairing gestures, tlioir ilane.i still uuappoused. To-day we take the larger of the two remaining boats. Of provisions and water we liavo an ample supply. Farewell, unkuown reader t Perhaps, ere this meets your ove, we may have joined our frionds over yonder. But wo trust in tho good God and tho saints, and, more than all, in our luck. Once more, adieu ! 