TRAINING NOTES. MoHPIfKTTVIM.K. At Morphettville on Tuesday morning Diadem, Rosedale, and Trcntalto ran a fast five furlongs in company. Pitchery held Thunder Queen safe in a mile-and-a- half gallop, which took 2 min. 49 sec. Playmate put in a round at half-pace, butFIoodbirtl only gallopod. Respond slipped over half a mile in a taking manner. Taradale's mission was a serviceable three miles, and Doric was also credited with good steeplechase, work. Miraclum put in a round at a little under even time, and Nackara howled over a mile. The Golden King (Hiscutt) went once round steadily, and the other members of Quinn's team—Nomadic, Foliage, and Security—were only given gentle exercise. They, however, worked again in the afternoon, whun Nomadic ran a "fast mile. Thunderor was another who was allowed to take things easily, but Broken Hill and Eleusinian negotiated a round in 2 min. 49 sec. Hear Hear finished in fcont of Viking and Concussion at the end of a mile, run in 1 min. 55| sec., but there was nothing to choose between Alveary and The Idler over five furlongs cut out in 1. min. 9Jsee. Kiely was the first to start the proceedings on Thursday morning by sending Miraclum and Thunder Queen for useful exercise. Thunderer and Rosedale were coupled over five furlongs, which tnoy covered in 1 min. ft sec. Pitchery, looking well, was sent over a milo, Anglo Maxon accompanying him for the first fivo furlongs. Fleet Admiral put in useful exercise, while Respond finished up with a spurt over a few furlongs. Wranglor was not extended. Taradale did good work over three miles. Floodbird and Playmate were coupled for a round, the watch register ing 2 min. 45 sec. Bloodstone, Surefoot, The Golden King, Supposition, Security, Scutum, and Mermaid only went steadily. Hear Hear, Viking, Nackera, and Concussion were sent together for a mile, which they left behind them in 1 min. 54fcsec., Nackera finishing in front. Broken ill put in a couple of rounds at half - pace. Blodwen, Princess of Wales, and Eleusinian were asked a question over the Derby distance. Prin cess of Wales and Eleusinian finished together, the time being 2 min. 58 roc. Foliage cantered over Nomadic in a mile spin run in 1 min. 5(1 sec. Alveary, Trentalto, and The Idler slipped over five furlongs in company in 1 min. 7J> sec. Talicsin spurted four furlongs in fxt sec;., while Lord Salisbury was :> sec. longer getting over the same distance. Or,n Coukhk. On the Old Com so on Tuesday morning Young Lucifer and the Ghost put in four rounds, tbo last two l>eif)g negotiated at. a smart pace. Dink Whitington ran a mile in a shade over oven time, while Darter was credited with strong work over a ct>uplo of miles. Lord Orenvillo, who is looking very well, went three times round at half and three-quarter pace. Black Flag ran two miles in 4 mm. 5 see., while De Burg and Handover put in throe-rjuarter pace cxerciso. Satis factory steeplechase work was allotted to Con fidence and Fishwife, and Eaglehawk con cluded by spurting home the last throe furlongs. Conscript went steadily, while Juliet and Gipsy Queen encompassed three rounds, the last two inilos being left behind in 4 rniii. 2V sec. Jiorke's. Drift only travelled at a steady gait, but. Repetition got over his last round' in 2 min. 2 see. Helena was sent a mile-atid-rr-half gallop, the watch for the last round registering i rnin. 5KJ see. Do la Volta cut. out a mile in I min. 521 sec., Carmelite taking nearly five seconds longer to get over the same distance. Mom pa's mission was a round at three-quarter pace, while Dub loon worked steadily. Dianthus and Home Rule put in a couple of rounds, the last mile of which took 1 min. 57 see. The Royalist went at half-pace. Gaillardia got over a couple of rounds, the second of which was left behind in 1 min. 53 see. All Fours travelled at a strong pace for three rounds, running her last mile in 2 min. 3 see. Bomliastic was credited with good work over a couple of rounds. Longbow and Holly ran six furlongs in 1 min. 24? seo, Kase was assisted in the last six furlongs of a mile by Klectrie, the time being 1 min 53 sec. for the fuM journey, and 1 min, 25J for th® six furlongs. Recoup did long work, while Kirkbv ran a mile in 1 min. 50^ sec., the'last six furlongs in 1 min. 23i see. ipXwffijjLuciferaodTheGhostweretbefiist fitart,and theyputin good work, getting tortheir last round in 2 min. 6 ho. The oyalistaad Home Rule ran & mile and a half .2 min. 55} boo. LordGrenvilledid long kit aadtbrae-quarter pace Work,^ while Black tier-was sent at a soundpaoe. JDianthus got Svefurlongsin 1 min.l2ieea, and Hand Oter nut four furlongs in "67 sec. , Helena bbvvlinjg. along over a mile and a ihe .onoe round taking her 2 min. \- * * IJulietaud Gipsy Queen got over two miles in ^ : 4 min, 3 sea, otid l)e la ,Volte left a mile P' behind her in 1 min. f>7 seo. Confidence putin £ ' good work, but Doubloon was not -extended, v- jrirat Bolt worked steadily, while Carmelite ran iS ve furlongs in 1 min. 11 seo. Firelock f.Y- and The Doctor spurted ; half a mile. Repeti tion did long strong work, and Barter was C, howling along over a distance. Mompa left a mile behind in 1 min. 57 sec. QaUiardia and Bombastic came home their last round in 1 min. bQ seo. All Fours went well over three '<• rounds, the last being negotiated in 2 min. 2J See. Cigarette was restricted to three-quarter paeework. Strike was sent over a distance. \- Recoup and Regent took even time to run a \- mile and a half. Conventioner waa not ex* \- tended, but Angler put in good work. Long bow and Holly left six furlongs behind in J. ' min. 25 sec. Encounter worked steadily. Fishwife, Hamlet, and Snowdrift wore together over a couple of rotfndsata sound pace. \- Toe Count did useful exercise. Sir George, Woodfield, and Jackaroo put in good work* .over a distance. Kirkby and Trout were eoupled for a mile spin, which Kirkby, who finished in front, ran is 1 min. 51 see. First Master had p slight advantage over Electric . »t the end of six furlongs in 1 min. 21 sees. 