AN AFTERNOON AT THE TE51PLE. (BY ALICE MUSKETT.J Of ail tho sights of London Town that I love best to look back upon, tho Cloisters at West minster Abbey and the Temple stand oat most clearly, and struggle for first place. Both of them have such a tender old-world air about thorn, such a restful atmosphere, tbat nothing, even in "delicious Paris," can equal. The Clois ters aro a place to muse quietly in alone — that Is, as quietly as the ubiquitous Baedecker-armed tourists will allow, for the Abbey is always full of them, and they overflow into the Cloist ers. Tourists should bo excluded, I think, un less they can prove themselves to bo Paris art students, who wear tbeir guide books with a difference. But tho Temple is a thing to be thoroughly enjoyed, and it you can clearly de monstrate to yourself that it Is not your duty to visit tbo Tower, or the British Museum, or some other equally exhaustive but imperative place, speud a quiet time with me at The Tem ple. To reach It wo wander slowly up the Strand and so on to Fleet-street, gazing at names and places so strangely familiar even- to those who enter London for tho first time. Was not this the finest place in the world to Johnson? and did not Charles Lamb lovo it with all his heart? and even long to be burled here, that the busy tido might still roll close to htm when dead! Just where tho Strand ends and Fleet-street begins is the memorial that marks the ancient site of the Temple Bar. It Is surmounted by a delightful griffin, before whose stony charms even the Trafalgar-square lions fade, and who is only surpassed by a certain rollicking, regular little jolly dog of a lion, that, flanked by a se date unicorn, may be found in. Parliament House. Here Is a constant roar and bustle, coming and going — newspaper boys shouting, and vehicles rat tling by, but slip through the low archway that leads to Middle Temple, and at once you aro in a different atmospbere. A big courtyard, in the cen tre of which stands Temple Church. Grey houses surround it, and stare with their many windows, low archways lead -to other courts. Here Johnson lived, aud the building still bears his name, while opposite is Goldsmith'3 building. Wigged and gowned barristers aro hurrying to and fro, and boys with mysterious documents tied with red tape, but virtually you aro alone, and I have come here on Saturday afternoon, and have tho place all to myself, except for a black cat who makes friends after much, coaxing, and strolls round, and does the honors, so to speak. The Temple Cnureh consists of two parts, both architecturally interesting, as being good ex amples of the Norman period, the older part be ing one of the four round churches left in Eng- land. It is celebrated at the present day for its musical services, and is always filled by a fash ionable crowd on Sunday morning. What a dif ferent sight it must have presented when the Knights Templar came here to worship, their mailed feet echoing on the tiled floor; now they sleep In effigy, clad in full armour, with sword and shield, and their hound crouching at their crossed feet. All round the church, outside in the court, the pavement shows signs of in scriptions. almost obliterated by the hundreds of hurrying footsteps tbat pass and re-pass. "Here lycth Samuel Corbet, "Gent," and In another placo "John King" is all I can distinguish. In the cor ner of tho court is Goldsmith's grave; he rests under a narrow tomb that bears the simple in scription — "Here lies Oliver Goldsmith. Bora Nov, 10th, 1728. Died April 4th. 1774." Yet I warrant he sleeps as soundly as Johnson In St. Paul's, or any in Westminster Abbey. On tho walls near are two monuments, black with age, almost worn away, half-covered with fresh green creeper. One surmounted by a bust is to Samuel Mead, with a long inscription in Latin. Tho .other monument has a life-sized recumbent figure. It Is wearing away under the stress of wind and rain; one foot has disappeared; his fingers aro crumbling; and his features aro fast disappearing. Tho inscription is almost totally obliterated. After much scrutiny I made out cno word, "Hiscocks," but that seems to fade even as I look at it. On all tho buildings aro beautifully carved coats of arms, and over each door and archway a Pegasus or an Agnus' Del, the armorial bearings of the Middle and Inner Temple. In the Middle Templo Is tho hail, a fine Elizabethan building, with some wonderful 'carved oak. Here "Twelfth Night" was first performed before Queen Eliza beth. This is not a placcf to be hurried through, but you must wander from court to court in what seems rather an aimless fashion, and yield your self to the influenoe of tho place, letting the ghosts come and go around you. The names bring up many pleasant memories. Mitre Court, Pump Court, Gold3mith's-buildlngs, Johnson's-buildings, Lamb Court. Was It not here, in Lamb Court, that Pendennis and Warrington bad their cham bers on tbo third floor? Did not Helen and Laura stay here when they camo to nurso Pendennis; did not Laura have a tiny room belonging to an absent barrister, that looked on to tho court; did she not peep into the French novels, and try on his wig, and do many other delightful and for bidden things here? As for King's Bench walk, I know quito well I was hero moro than a hun dred years ago; there was a largo party of us, all carried in Sedan chairs; did we not go down to tho river and there embark? Tbe torches of the link- bearers were reflected on tho waters ; how careful wo were, mincing in our high-heeled shoes, to hold our skirts free of tho mud of tho river bank. The rowers bend to their oars, and we row up the river. Music floats over tlie water, distant lights twinkle, and memory fades. But all this is much moro real Ulan tho London Ufa somo hundred yards away. But the heart of the Templo is Fountain Court — the loveliest, daintiest corner imaginable, hidden away among those grey, solomn buildings. In tho centre of tho court stands a fountain, surrounded by hushes and a few trees. Such a jolly little fountain, that gurgles and chuckles and has jokes all to Itself. Tbe broad leaves of a water lily float on the surfaeo of the water, and there are two wbito blossoms just breaking into bloom; gold fish gleam here and there, perfectly motion less, in an after-dinner drowse. Tbe rocks that support tho basin are green with moss and drip ping with spray. There are gentle, coquettish pigeons fluttering abovo us or walking on the gravel, with their pretty aignmett airs ana con scious tossings of tho head. One flies past me, almost touching my cheek, and I havo an im pression of soft grey feathers and caraJ-pink feet. Sparrows, of course, hy the dozen, twittering, gossiping, bathing by tho fountain, and daring ono another to venture under the spray — "So bracing, my dear" — and then burying themselves in the gravel and flinging the sand up with their wlngB in a perfect shower over themselves, which soems.a foolish proceeding. Tho sky is grey, and a soft mist hangs over everything, but all at once comes a burst of sunshine, turning tbe water into liquid silver and lighting up the old grey bouses; while tho fountain, in a state of ecstacy, takes ad vantage of a passing breeze to send out a long, bridal veil of spray that sprinkles the bushes, tho stately pigeons, and tho careless bystander impartially. There are very few people In Foun tain Court to-day — an old groy-baired man, who wonders at what I am scribbling, a mother and her fat, solemn baby, tbo latter bent on catch ing a sparrow, and making sundry staggering expeditious to that end across tbo court, with a fixed determination tbat cannot bnt rouse admira tion in the onlooker; a baker's boy, his basket full of undelivered bread, lounging against the foun tain chairs, and whistling "Tommy Atkins;" and a pair of lovers. Come when you will, there al ways fs a pair of lovers hare, and they make lovo In the artless, open way that London lovers will. Well, I think it argues good taste on their part to como to Fountain Court, although thby do turn their backs to tho fountain, and sit facing a row of uninteresting buildings. Fountain Court has a fascination all its own, for hero camo Ruth Pinch to wait for Tom; hore, where sho could watch the birds and tho somo laughing llttlo fountain, safe from too familiar glances. Hero she met John, and told him. In answer to hi3 questions, that sho often camo hero. It wa3 so quiet; "and so shady, too," said little Ruth. Oh, Ruth, you were wise to come to Fountain Court; if you had searched through Londou, I doubt if you could have found a love lier spot. Perhaps, if wo wait, Tom Pinch will appear blundering round tho corner on his short sighted way, and looking for Ruth iu every spot but where she stands talking to John. They call to . him, and he Is so astonished to find them ' hero together — dear, clumsy Tom! — and then the three go away, Ruth in the middle. It Barbara Allen suddenly appeared tossing her proud head in tho air, who would be aston ished? Not I. Or Salley-In-our-Alley, in her wedding fiBery, banging on her husband's arm. Or tho bailiff's daughter of Islington. I dare say, tho squire's son, when he married her, brought her to London, and what moro likely than that they should stroll through hero ou their way to Temple Gardens? A flight of broad stone steps leads to those same gardens, blazing now with scarlat and yellow and white flowers, edging a velvet lawn, on which four vigorous men in white flannel aro playing tennis. Still further, some older men are playing bowls, though It does s?em a sort of ana chronism that they are not in lcneebreeches and powdered wigs. Hero many years ago bloomed hundreds of red and white roses; here York and Lancaster chose their badges that gave to the long contest between the two factions tho name of the war of the roses. Piantagenet: "Lot him that Is true-born gentle man and stands upon tbe honor of bis birth, if he suppose that I havo pleaded truth, from off this briar pluck a white rose with me." Somerset; "Let him tbat is no coward nor no flatterer, but dare maintain the party of the truth, pluck a red rose from oft tbeir thorn with me." —Henry VI. But tbe roses bloom here no longer. London dust and London smoke has been too strong for them. Beyond the gardens, and only separated from it by the Enhankment, flows the tawny craft- laden Thames, and embarking at Temple Pier, a penny steam boat very soon carries us away from the Temple and back to tbe nineteenth century, 