THE MISTLETOE BOUGH By Uie Author of 'Married in a Dream* 'Mho Mystery of (keytrinr's Orange, ' ' otc, et-i. ? - CHAPTER XL~Coritlmi-?a. .'AS NBM'B THfl SNOW OUB B0IU1CW8 PASS AWAY.' . ', ', '' It appeared from Sir Luke's 'story that iu the early day a of tlio ill-fated hoiieyiuoon Ijo awoke to the fact that ho had been duped by ail adventuress, who had hiarried him for his inouoy aud position. A breach grow bolwoeu linsbimd and wife, which culminated in a terrible sceno on the appearance of Larondio brinfiuiif poor, 1'orlorj.v little lOlsio with him, realiy Lenore's child. BirLulco wan so furioiiB at tho' imposition that he disowned hie wife, and determined on braving a public flovmial. 't'hat inade Lonoro despemte. Wif.b Laroudio's holp sho dru^ed Iwr JntBbaad, and had him xepl. in ooii.€iiemoat as a lunatic ; and, helped by i'orged cerlilicatofl, brought u. coiiin of stones back to Favleamere, '-??- bo laid vndor the ehuroh. Larondie.with his chargo, tool: up , his quartero at ' The liotreat,' and there Sir Luke found some con solation in his captivity in talking' to and instructing poor Elsie, thus showing the child almot the first real kindness she had over known. So matters went on until, on the arrival of Verdon at Earlesmer, Leuore's old bvo awakened, and she wauted Sir Lulto to bo really dead, in order that sho might, be free to marry the man sho loved. On the day before Christmas Eve she drove to OklcaHtlo and by giv ing him her diamonds, 'bribed Larondie to commit the murder, afterwards buying paste jewellery bo as to conceal the theft. Little Elsie, however, overheard the plot, as has been told, and iuher gatitude to her only friend, helped him to escape. Larondio, discovering that, hast ened to Earlesmero, determined to marry Marion, and so save himself from punishment; ; for he believed Sir Luke, whatever his wrongs, would not tako vougeanco on his daughter's hnabaud. As, however, he wished to extort moro money from Lenoro, ho led her to believe the cowardly crime had been com mitted. At that meeting in the shrubbery ihehad killed him bv a blow of the diamond dagger in' her hair, an eastern ornament she had bought at the shop where she purchased the paste gems. L'oturniug to the church «ho had laid a blood-staiuod handkerchief by Marion side, hop ing so to convict the girl, for hov cunning overreached itself, but the bell-ringers; hud caught a glimpse oi! nor as sho escaped, and in their fear of ghosts had forgotten to withdraw tho keys after looking tho church door. In the meantime, being penniless, Sir Luke and Elsie had made thoir way on foot to Earlosmere, travel ling slowly and by a circuitous rontoto the baronet's home. It was very late when they arrived there to find tho house ablaze, from floor to ceiling, with a thousand lights, and tho sound of music and dancing coming from within. Wishing to prepare Marion for the good news of his return, Sir Luke had approached the house cautiously, wlion Elsie had caught eight of soiuo moving figure at an upper window, aud weak and un nerved as iho baronet was, ho crept back into tlio shadow of tho pines again, which oi; course explained tho fact of hid appearance on tho lawn to dash aside poor Marion's happiness. Hiding iu the pine woods, Sir Lute and Elsie overheard tho scene between .Lady Merivalo and Larondio, and were the witnesses of his murder. They had followed her to the church, and when the scene waa again deserted! Sir Lake entered the building by means of the keys left in the door, thus caving Ju'a daughter from the horror to which she had been con demned, t Proofs iu plenty wore found con victing- Lenoiv of tho murder, and it was also discovered Bbe was in tho midst of forging a bundle of letters to com promise Marion, trusting to the belief that tho girl must be either dead or driven wad, The case was so clear that strong influ ence waa brought to bear, audit ' was not tried iu open court, but the wretched woman was borne away to drag out a miserable existence in the eririjinnl asylum of Broadmoor. Marion, greatly as she had been wronged found it m her gentle heart to pity her, but no onw else could do so. To them it was but stern poetic justico that shehersolf ? should moot tho fate to which with fiendish cunning, she would have goaded the helpless girl. Elsie was inner told the truth of her relationship to tho guilty woman. Under careful training she grow up to bo a verv beautiful and lovable woman, who was almost a second daughter to Sir Luke, and was simply adored ns 'Aunt Elsie' by Marion's children. Of Marion and her husband there is little to add. Such perfect love «s theirs must bring perfect happiness, and though many New Years havo beeu born aud have, grown old siuce this story happened, , their lovo alone is unchanged through all the changes tiino has brought. And if Christmas} has some sad memories for them, it is still kept' asa merry festival at Earlesn\ov«- ' .. ?' ? V '? - ? '? ''i', ? ? ?. ? , Court. For as Marion once said, ? standing in a holly-wreathed hall, with tender arms elapsed, about her huabanda's neck : ' If tho winter daya remind us of tho sorrows that camo then, they remind us, too, that under tho warmth and brightness of our lovo all troubles pasa for over from our livea, as melts the snow when the sunshine falls upon it.' ? TKK END. 