THE COTTAGE HOMES. FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE ANDREWS HOMES. A noble institution is the Cottago Homes, provided for aged people, wherein they may pass slowly down to the valley of the shadow of death amid peacefulaurroundings, and where aged couples may pass the last rernainingyoars of their stay on earth together, and not be torn asunder as unfortunately Is the custom in some establishments. This philanthropic movement, which is quite unaided by the Government, provides comfortable dwellings for sixty three old and infirm people. Not only is a home provided, but the inmates are protected from want, especially in times of sick ness. At „.the present there are over thirty applicants waiting for a homo to he vacated, ! and the need for extra accommodation is very pressing. The committee recently wore gratified by the spontaneous and gene rous gift of Mr. W. i'in lay.son, of M.iteham, who presented to them a largo pioco of land in a fine position at the foot of the hills at. Mitcliavn and at the rear of his own house. The committee at once sot to work to erect another block of homes on this land, and the foundation-stone of a section of seven cottages was laid on Friday afternoon by Lady Victoria Lux ton. Those premises are intended to bo only portion of a group which it is proposed to put up on tlio land given to the committee, and they hopo in a short space of time to lie ablo to build three other square of seven cottages each. The apart ments now being erected are to be substantially built of brick and stone, and wili each con tain two rooms. Thore was a very large crowd of people at the ceremony on Friday afternoon. Lady Victoria Buxton, who was accom panied by Miss Bux ton and Captain Guise, was received by Dean Marryat, on behalf of the committee, and by Councillors A. Murray, Chairman, D. Mills, G. Edwards, and W. Brady, members, and A. J. Latt, Clerk of the Miteham District Council. Lady Victoria was escorted to the platform, while a choir from .St. Michael's Church, assisted by several pupils from Miss Thorn bur's school, sang the National ; Anthem. j The Clerk of the Mifohani District Council, [ Mr. A. .f. Latt, road tho following address to Lady Victoria:— To Her bxceliency the Lady Victoria Buxton. I May it please year Hxrellcncy—We the members ! of the District (frxmc.il of Mitch,am desire, on behalf i of ourselves and the residents of our district, to ! accord to you a very hearty welcome on the occasion [ of your visit to lay the foundation-stone of tho ! Cottage Homes at Mitcliam. tVe wish to assure you or our kindly feelings towards yourself and tho members of your family, and our appreciation of the many acts of kindness and sympathy which have already marked your residence amongst us. We sincerely trust that yourself, His KxceJJenoy the Governor, and the members of your family may be blessed with health and happiness, and may look back upon this visit to Miteha.m as one of the many pleasant, recollections of your stay in this fair por tion of our British Krnpire. Signed by the members of the District Council of Miteha.m this 8th day of May, lisOfi. [Here followed the signatures of the Councillors and Clerk.| The Chairman of tho District, Council, Mr. A. Murray, presented the ad drees to Lady Victoria. Lady Victoria replied as follows:— To the Chairman and Members of tho District Coun cil of Mite ham.—Gentlemen—I. thank you sincerely for the kind words with which your address welcomes me on this my first visit to tho charming district of Mitoham. Jt, give* me great pleasure to have the opportunity of coming here to-day, more especially as I dm ahlo to assist in the development of a work which has in view such good and beneficent objects as the Cottage Homos. I can assure you that His Excellency, f myself, and all the members of our family will never forget tho warm greetings wo have received on all hands in South Australia, and that among tho most pleasant memories will bo my first visit to Mitoham. (Applause.) Heart M-WiifVAT then said—I have been re quested by the committee of the Cottage Homes, Incorporated, to ask your Ladyship to lay the foundation-stone of a new building of seven homes. The committee think that tho occasion is one deserving of some public func tion. This charity was commenced in the year 1 ST-'?, when aero No. 1035, facing Xingston terra.ee and Ktan'e.y-ntreo.t, North Adelaide, was obtained almost as a gift from tho then proprietor... The foundation-stone of the first four homes was laid ori October 27, IS?.!, by Lady Musgrave. Jn 1875 three more were added, one railed t.ho Wood cock Home, having been built by subscriptions collected by Miss 1 'army Woodcock (afterwards Mrs. Archer). In i;J7'> two more homes com pleted the first wing. In 1877 two more homes were built, to which in 1871) Mr. E. W. And rews added three, called the Andrews Homes. Jn 187!) and 1880 four new homes completed the second wing, with the addition of a reading-room, for which the institution was indebted chiefly to the efforts of Vic-do noes I1'. Doswoll and ,1. Darker. In 1 So2 Sir Henry Ayor.s built the third block of nine homos, called the Lady,* Avers Homes. . The fourth wing was shortly alter commenced by the erection of three homes, including the two John Hart Homes erected by Mrs. John Hart. The last six homes of the wing were completed on December 14,1886, when His Excellency Sir William Robinson laid a memorial stone to mark the completion. On September 9,1890, tho foundation-stone of seven new homes was laid by the Countess of Kintore on laud given in Brompton Park by Mr. Patrick Boyoe Cojglin. On August 10, 1891," ten homes at St. Leonards, Glenelg, were, opened. The total cost has been £8,193. There are at present sixty-four inmates. In December of last year bur. W. Finlayson, sen., generously presented the present allotment of ground, measuring 140 ft. x 535 ft. This will provide ample room for four blocks of seven homes each with a reading- room. Tho site we regard in every way as suitable. It is easy of access from town, and Bituated in a neighbourhood in which the poor and aged are certain to be cared for. The cost of the present building, consisting of five homes for single persons and two suit able for married couples, will be £1,213. The cost has been met by a legacy left by tho late Mrs. E. W. Andrews, of Glenelg. This will make the total cost of buildings £9,406, with accomodation for 73 inmates. In addition to the above-mentioned grants of land wo think it is well to record various gifts and legacies:— By anonymous endowments, £200; Mr. John Martin, £250; Mr. George Hance, £50; Mr. H. S. Price. £100; Mr. William Everard, £100; Miss Lipscombc, £90; total, £790. The En aowment a unds amount to gi/Jo'j. 1. General gift of an anonymous friend. 2. The Andrews endowment, given by Mrs. E. W. Andrews. 3. | Garlic endowment, the gift of Mr. D. Garlick. The interest is for the benefit respectively of the inmates, of inmates of the Andrews Homes, and for Christmas gifts. The com mittee trust that the part tnlum by your Lady ship in laying this foundation-stone may call the attention of many colonists to these homos, and to the fact tnat by the erection of^ one or more homes {the cost of .a home is about" £175 to £200), or a contribution to the Endow ment Fund, they can offer a large amount of comfort to tho aged and infirm poor of this and future generations. Let us pray that tho work thus commenced may go on and prosper in the name of the Lord. The Dean then handed to Lady Victoria a silver trowel, presented by Miss Bagot, Hon. Secretary, on behalf of the committee of the Cottage Homes, upon which there was a suitable inscription. The stone bore tho words "Andrews Homes, This stone was laid by Ladv Victoria Buxton, May 8, 185!)." Under neath the stone was placed a bottle containing the following:— The foundation-stone of these Cottage Homes for the aged and infirm poor and widows was laid by Lady Victoria Buxton on May 8, A.n. 189G, being the fifty- ninth year of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the first year of the'Oovcrnorship of his Excellency Sir Thomas Powell Buxton, Bart., K.C.M.G., and the sixtieth year of the hiBtory of the colony of South Australia. The Cottage Homes, Incorporated. — Patroness, lady Victoria Buxton; Committee, Mcsdames J. White, C. Marryat, J. H. Finlayson, .T. Hart, \V. M. Campbell, A. T. Magavey, F. W. Franipton, J. K. Corpe, C. Rischbeitn, It. Smith, and W. K. Simms, Dean Marryat, Messrs. W. E, Pal ton, and W. Isbistcr, Hon. Treasurer j Misses M. E. Bigot, Hon. Secretary, and A. Harris Browne; Architect, Mr. P. Garlick, of Messrs. Garlick, Jack man, Ac Garlick; Builders, Messrs. longley Brothers. The site was given by Mr. W. Finlayson, sen. There were also placed in the bottle copies of the IUyizter and Advertiser of May 8, and the annual report of the institution. Her Ladyship having laid the foundation atone said:—" In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. This stone has been well and truly laid." Dean Marryat offered up a prayer, after which the assemblage joined in singing a hvmn. Mr. II. Moroajj Hawk bp. moved a vote of thanks to Lady Victoria Buxton for laying the foundation-stone, and said that although ' she had not hitherto visited Mitcham she was not unknown to tliem. Her kindness of heart, her broad sympathy with all religious, philan thropic, and social movements, her keen inte rest in everything that pertained to the wel fare of the women, mothers, and daughters of South Australia, and her affectionate regard for the welfare of all classes, were so well known that her name was a household word in South Australia. (Applause.) "" The Rev. R. K. Fx.vf.AVSow seconded the motion, which was enthusiastically carried. Lady VroroRiA briefly replied. Mr. Wiluam Isbistkr, on behalf of the Committee of the Cottage Homes, moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. William Finlavson for his gift of the land on whim the cottages are being erected. He said the committee were in some thing like a congested state for want of'land on which to build when the kind offer came in a most opportune time, and relieved them of anxiety. The extent of the land was sufficient to give the committee plenty of work in the way of building for a couple of years at least; and they hoped to seo many agod and infirm poor comfortably housed in them. _ Mr, Fin Iayson, the donor, well deserved their thanks. He was one of the earliest arrivals in the colony from Scotland, haying been a resident and owner of the section since 1837. He came there when Mitcham was in the bush, and a track through trees led to the lovely neigh bourhood. Through all these many years he had seen many a change, and now when the verge of life was reached they trusted it would be peaceful and blessed. (Applause.) The Rev. A. W. Clampktt seconded the motion. He remarked that the gift of his noble and, venerable neighbour stirred up their feelings of gratitude. Tt was only another link in a long honoiirable life—a lifo full of good work, and a life full of Jove and thought for others, (Applause.) In the absence of Mr. W. Finlayson, the Rev. R. K. Finlatson read the following reply for his father:—"The erection of the cottages hae given me very great pleasure, the uiore so as ray dear wife had for many years a great desire to do something in this way, especially for old men who had few friends to look to, but from want of means she was unable to carry out her desires, and if alive now would have rejoiced that' others had done what she was unable to do.' I hope tho means will soon be obtained for builduig a hall .for the feeble people to meet^in for the worship ; of God, and if all the ground is soon occupied I trust I will have the pleasure of j adding more. My cordial thanks are due to Lady victoria for her willingness to help the poor. The Lord will reward her." 