The Craze for Relics. (Temple Bar.) The collecting mania is a direct result of the passion for religious relics so prevalent in mediaeval times. Hardi canute, 1041, commissioned an agent at Rome to purchase St. Augustine's arm for one hundred talents of silver and one of gold. Henry III., deeply tainted with the superstition of the age, sum moned all the English notables to meet him in London, when the king ac quainted them that the great master of the Knight Templars had sent a phial containing "small portion of the preci ous blood of Christ which He had shed upon the cross"-attested to be genuine by the seals of the patriarch of Jeru salem and others! A procession be tween St. Paul's and Westminster Abbey was performed, although the road between the two places was "very deep and miry." Herbert, in his life of Henry VIII., notices the great fall of the price of relics at the dissolution of the monasteries. "The respect given to relics, and some pretended miracles, fell; insomuch, as I find by our records, that a piece of St.Andrew's flnger(cover ed only with an ounce of silver), being laid to pledge by a monastery for forty pounds, was left unredeemed at the dis solution of the house; the king's com missioners, who, upon surrender of any foundation undertook to pay the debts, refusing to return the price again." Lord Cromwell's commissioners found, in St. Augustine's Abbey, at Bristol, somine cxtraordinary relics, including "two flowers which bore blossoms only on a Christmas Day, Jesus's coat, our Lady's smoeke, part of the Last Supper, part of a stone on which Jesus sat in Bethlehem," and others. IHenri Esti enne, in the traite prelparatif to his "Apologia pour Herodote," speaks of a monk of St. Antlhony having seen at Jerusalem an extraordinary assemblage of relics, among which were a bit of the finger of the H-loly Ghost, as sound and entire as it had ever been; the snout of the seraphim that appeared to St. Francis; one of the nails of a chelrubim; one of the ribs of the verbum care fac tum; some rays of the stars which ap peared to the three kings in the east; a phial of St. Michael's sweat when he was fighting against the devil; a hem of the garment which Joseph wore when he cleaved wood, and others, all of which.theo enthusiastic monk devoutly brought home with him to France. Such relics as these-to which may be added tlhat of a. tooth of our Lord's, which Guibert de Rogcn describes as having operated many miracles, with the assistance of Ihe monks of St. Medard de Soissons- suchl relics as these, we repeat, make all others hide their dliminishedl heads. Few of these venerable and impudent absurdities have survived the icono clastic tendencies of the last few de cades, whilst even the rival holy coats. of 'l'reves and Argentenil are palpable swindles. The recordl of that of Treves goes back, it is true, to the yearn 1190, but as a relic it is as authentic as the feather from Gabriel's wing. Quite re cently the Moslem population of South ern Russia were reported to be in a state of great excitement owing to the theft of a valuable casket containing three hairs from Mohalmmed's beard, accompanied Iby an Imperial firman certifying their absolute authenticity! The casket, with its precious contents, was sent as aL l)resent from Constanti nople to Samarcand in ''urkcsl:tan, but was stolen at Kharoff. A few months ago three genuine teeth of Tasso were sent to Signor Baccelli, the Italian Min ister of Public Instruction, by a priest: who receivedl them under seal of con fesion from a. thiet'. ThIe teeth had been stolen from the skeleton of the poet,. and the roJ)berl, pIrobably findinlg no market for them, took this method of returning them to their owner. Apro pos of teeth, it may he mentioned that some time ago a certain noble man constantly wore a remarkable ring, In which was set a tooth of Sir Isaac Newton; it was purchased for £730 in 1815. The gold cross and collar of Edward the Confessor came under the hammer of Thomas, King-street, Covent Garden, in January 1828, and was purchased by a Mr. Atkinson for .£15 5s 6ld. Its autlhenticity appears to have been un disputed at the time. It was originally brought from Palestine by the British Princess -Helena, the mother of the Christian Emperor Constantine, and passed into the hands of Edward the Confessor, with whom it was buried,. and was exhumed many ages after wards. It was included among the royal jewelery of James II. The crosier of the same realised two and a half guineas in the same sale, and was origi nally in the museum of Sir -Hans Sloane. The counterpane which covered the: bed of Charles I. the night before his execution, and which is made of a thick rich blue satin, embroidered with gold and silver in a deep border, was, tiup to. about half a century ago, used by the family of Champneys of Orchardleiglx; near Frome, Somer'setshire, as a chris tening mantle, from the period it came into their possession by marriage with the sole heiress of the Chandlers, of. Camm's HIall, near Fareham, Hlamp shire, a family connected with Crom well. The sheet which received the head of this king, after his decapitation, was until quite lately carefully pre served with the communioa plate ia the church of Ashburnham, Sussex; the blood, with which it had been almost entirely covered turning quite black. This king's watch was also preserved with this gruesome relic, both of which came into the possession of Lord Ash burnham immediately after the death of the king. These, not having been sold, cannot be appraised at their full fancy price; but it may be mentioned that not long ago the Prayer-book used by King Charles I. on the scaffold sold for one hundred guineas, or just half the amount which Sterne's wig fetohed, 