TOLD j-iY A UCSiTiiorSH ASSISTANT. " T-,Tv im do you want a berth ?" said he. "Ave, ; , e.;ip|;en,'' said 1. "t want one badlv. I'i alt-starved and half-frozen " lie made no answer, but just a sign to follow him, and heslaiked away and 1 pegged after him. He kept close along the shore as we walked, and lor a while lie said nothing. At last, however, lie turned and pointed seaward. " You see that ?"' s;.id he. He melicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. " I'm the keeper, 1 'said he. " I want you to corik my meals and keep my bachelor's hall foi me. Now and then 1 shall wautyou to row in Jnil buy provisions. The work won't be. hard, a think the pay will suit you, Do yon know why I chose you ? " "No, cappen," said T. " Beecuse 1 saw that hope was at an cud with you," he said. " It's only a man who had come to that who eould live with me in a lighthouse." " I was on a desert island once," said I. "Afier that I shall t be afraid of a lighthouse." I'd been in a lighthouse before ; it was no new tiling to me but after I'd been there, a few hours 1 wondered what my master hired me for. It was like being pensioned off; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, when it c-ime night, and I he wind began to moan about the lighthouse, and the lamps were lit and all oulside was black as pitch, and all the sound we heard was the swash, swash, swash of the waves, my master mixed some grog and called me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I can't say he did. He sat glowering over his glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to speak, and shutting it again. Then said he : " What's your name ?" " Ben Dare," said I. " Would you mind calling yourself Brace?" he asked. " I've no reason to be ashamed of my name," said I. "Look here," said ho, "I am a gentleman born »nel bred. 1 never came to eiirniug my bread before. I'm ashamed o.f it. This is what I mean. If any stranger;; come out here to a«k for William Br cc, why, you can say yon are the man. You claim to be lighthouse-keeper. it's easy. I don't supi ose much company will call, bu; I choose not to see them, if they do. That's what I hired vou for." "Oh," said" I. " Vou see," said he, "I got this place through a rich man who had influence. Those who gnve it to me never saw me If I die some day,why, here you are in the place. If I yo oil, and I may, here you are si ill until then. I'll pay you well, and \ou know your duties." " Well, it's shamming,'" said I, " but, after all, what ejo. s one care what my name is, and what shall I call vou ?" " Call mc nothing," said he. " (Tall me Captain, as you did when I met you, but never speak of me to anyone." (lentleman or no, he wasn't lazy, He didn't care how he worked. The lamps were as blight as jewels. There wasn't a speck of dirt in the whole tower But let any boat come nigh us, away he went arid hid himself, and came out with a white, scared face and a shaking hand. At night he was afraid to go up to the lamps alone, and he'd look over bis should.-r and turn white as we stood together At last lie took a new turn, lie stood slaring for awhile. Then he. spoke to me in a low voice : " Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?" " I havn't considered the question," I answered. "Well," said Im, softlier than before, "look into that corner," and he pointed. I looked. " Don't you see anything ?" he asked. " No,"' said I ; " no, Cappen." "Ah," he muttered, " very well, very well. I'm gla.d you don't." But that wasn't nothing to what happened the very next night. We sl< pt in two bucks nigh . ach other, and naturally when he woke up with a yell I woke, too. He was shrieking and slinking and wringing his hands. •' The woman ! the woman ! " he said. " She stood I or just now, all red with blood. It dripped do\'.n the white, nifties. it drip; e.l on her bamis. .Stop her ! stop fe-r ' She has gone to call them. Slop her! stop her!" "Where did she go Y' I asked. Tic. stared at me with his wide open eyes, all the white showing, below and above. " She couldn't have been heic," said he. " Itwas a dream," 1 1 Lord, love you—a nightmare," said I. So we went asleep again. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew us< d to her. The Ca pp( n, as I called him, got to lie worse and worse every flay. I wanted to go a-diore end fo'ch the doctor, but he would not hear of it- He raved if I trie t to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night in June. It was burning hot all day, and a dead calm at night. About dark the (.'appon went to sleep, and I went and sat where I could see the water and the lights ashore. It was so clear that I could hear the, sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in their foreign lirgo. And I was sort of quirt and dreamy like, wdien something happened that waked me mighty wid'- and sudden. Something was standing on the steps below me, something came toward me. It was a little slender iigure, with longhair all about its shoulders. I couldn't see ils face. I don't think I really saw it pl.-i.inly at »U. But it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white ruffled gown, and that she had gone to the. room where my master lay. I shook too bard for a moment to move ; but as soon as 1 could I started up to goto him. Just then a voice cried : " Bighthouse, ahoy!" I answered, "Aye, aye," and stopped a bit. Duty first of all things with a sailor. A boat, lay at the foot of the steps, and four men jumped out of it. "We want William Brace, keeper of this lighthouse," saiei one, a big man in a linen overcoat. " I'm one that answers to the name," says I, He swung a lant< rn over my head . "Search the place, my men," said he. There was no use saying anything, but I did try to stop them. " I've got i sick friend aloft," says I. "Don't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will skeer him anyhow, lie's so low." "What woman ? " said he. " The one that came abonrd with you, sir,'j gaid I. " No woman came with us," he snarled. "Stand aside. Men, do your out}'." They went upstdrs. I followed. I saw them walk into the Cappen's room. I heard them cry out and stand still. V> hen I got to the door th"y stood in a row looking down on the bed. I looked, too. Man nor woman couldn't frighten the Cappen more. He was dead. "What had he done ?" I asked the officer, Killed his wife," said he, " that's all. No doubt she deserved it; but it's not allowed by law when they do." " God help him," said B 