Westralian Notes. By "Jo M CHAPTER V. Share-dealing is indulged in by a number of ; miners, who convert their spare cash, or a portion of it, into scrip. There is a place at Menzies called the " Two-up grounds," where a number congregate on a Sunday to lose, perhaps, a fortnight's wages on the toss of a penny. As much as JMO has been lost on one throw. The ghost of gambling enveloped in its white sheet of excitement has no terrors for W.A. wagerers. But notwithstanding this Sir John Forrest says—" About one quarter of a million in money is annually sent from the West, chiefly for the support of the wives and families in the other colonies of the miners in Westralia. This amount is sent through the post-office. The above large amount is exclusive of sums sent through the banks by persons, perhaps, in better positions." The harmony of birds is seldom heard in the West wilds, especially near Coolgardie, where a bird is as rare as the Sydney Bulletin's praise of the mineral wealth of this colony. Even crows are seldom if ever seen, save those from South Australia, and they are ubiquitous, searching in auriferous nests for golden eggs, and pick ing the eyes out of the hatching " Swan." There are no dangerous animals in the jungles; the only wild animal I have seen was a mouse scurrying in the direction of Mount Malcolm. Representatives of capital consider the presence of mice in a mining district a good indication of permanency, and lively guarantees of the scarcity of " wild cats." PROSPECTORS OFTEN TASTE THE BITTER NESS OF HARDSHIP. One of these explorers lately got an eye destroyed whilst napping stone, and had to sell his camels at a sacrifice, and repair to Perth for proper attendance. Another party of three or four, who were hundreds of miles north of Menzies, encircled by desolation, and almost in the last extremity for want of water, fortunately met with a blackfellow who understood a little Eng lish, and eagerly asked him where there was any water. The black, shaking his cocoanut,replied, "No wattah, nowattah!" "No wattah ?" cried a white. "You tellum big one black he. We dyin', want em wattah; you tellum whitefella where plentee wattah, an' whitefella gib-em you big one tuck out." Still the black, with the solemnity and tautology of Poe's Baven, replied, "No wattah, no wattah." "Oh, you blankety, blank, black lying raven," cried a prospector in plain Eng lish. " You no tellum where plentee wattah whitefella killem you like-em 'possum." Quoth the Baven—"No wattah, no wattah." Bendered desperate, the whites resolved to adopt severe tactics, and forthwith tied the black to a tree, during hot weather, for a day and a night, questioning him at intervals as to the locality of water, to be only ever mournfully auditors of that Baven-like response, "No wattah, no wattah." THE CONDITION OF THE WHITES BECAME SERIOUS. One genius proposed they should ex periment by feeding the black on salt. No sooner said than tried. For six hours they kept putting a few grains of salt on the black's tongue, asking him every half hour or so where there was any water. But manfully did the blackbird stick—to the tree—with, " No wattah, no wattah." At the end of six hours the black was in the agonies of thirst, with a swollen tongue, which they still continued salting. "Now, you tellem whitefella whe' wattah," cried a, prospector. The poor black, with tongue protruding, and rolling eyes, eagerly and plaintively replied in' a hoarse whisper, " Plentee wattah, plentee wattah." The prisoner, who was at once liberated, hastened off to no very great distance, where there was " plentee wattah," fol lowed by the prospectors, where black and white amicably imbibed, all together, for several minutes, delicious draughts out of the same vessel or pool; after which, muttering " Whitefella salt-em," the black shied into the bush ere the water-tight prospectors could thank him, or otherwise. Perhaps this is the first authentic instance on record where men dying of thirst have been saved by salting the tongue. It cheers one now and then to see an amateur sending QUARTZ BEEFS FLYING IN SPLINTERS with a pick or hammer, especially when a 2-lb. weight chunk is stopped in its swift career by the striker's shinbone. Were that chunk pure gold the striker (and struck) would condemn it. No doubt it was one of those fellows, whilst rolling in agony after such a mishap, that amused his audience by the following impromptu oration:—"Oh, oo, good gwacious! how weva did it occur P Good gwacious ! that wude lump of—sanguinary wock, oo-oo, came like gweased lightning. Gweat Jupitah ! Oh, whenevah I tny cwacking wock again I'll weaw the cahlves of my legs, wheah evewy pwospectah should weaw them, on my shinbones, as a pwotection fwom flying wocks." Standing on one of the little mounds in the neighbourhood of Menzies, naught is seen as far as the eye can reach but " vulga' mulga." Veiy seldom is the scrub horizon relieved by even a humble hillock. From here to Albany, some 600 miles, more or less, one will not have occasion to travel over a hill higher than the North Adelaide, and in the 900 miles I have travelled here have not seen a plain destitute of scrub of more than half a mile in extent, save the dry lakes and the young farms nearer the coast. Some amusing stories are told of the diggers in the DRY-BLOWING DATS. Those were the see-saw days, or days of ups and downs. Eich to-day and poor to morrow, and poor the next day. Diggers, as a rule, are very friendly, and when one or two would strike it rich the signal was " Ya-ho !" as they threw down their dishes, and scampered pell-mell, to have a wet blow in the nearest hotel. On most goldfields, but particularly in Western mining centres, monotony and ennui are strictly prohibited by the prevailing powers, Change, Incident, and Co. This remark is also applicable to the weather, for the heat now during the day is about 80 degrees, whilst about a week ago, in the small hours of the morning, the glass registered less than 28 degrees. Any tyro who had been cementing friendship over condensed water on one of these nights, and in consequence was desirous of paying his respects to a waterbag next morning, ere Sol's aerial ascent to the azure zenith, would find his efforts to effect his purpose useless, until he kindled a fire and suspended the waterbag over same to break the ice. Yes, the heat now is gradually approaching, and brown faces, if not long ones, will soon be conspicuous from the effects of heat—120 degrees in the shade of umbrella—like dust chari tably concealing the towns from the withering glances of the solar sovereign. But it is said (another instance of the benefit of change) that one's attention from the heat is almost distracted by MYRIADS OF FLIES. Two men can keep the flies off one man at work, and off themselves with red handker chiefs, if they are experts, and a general row does not ensue. Txiese little plagues start work before sunrise (no eight-hour system to fly), about ten to the square inch, and another fly, and persist in ex amining the eyes of man and beast with an eye to business until sundown. "Oculists born are these fossicking flies, Working all day, diag-nosinj the eyes, Humming a ditty, each sends in his bill, 'Till the patient's gone-bung, a blind proof of their skill. (To be continued.) 