CRANKS AND GRAZES. ?? ? ?- . ? « ? That a set of unknown men, living- in the obscure valleys of Thi!je% and calling themselves Mahatmas, should be able to set all the laws at defiance has a fascination for some, which they are unable to resist. These, the masters of Nature, are, according to some, the makers of storms and tempests, and the creators of earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. They are the managers who pull the strings, and the forces of nature - , are the marionettes they make dance as - ? they list. They have conquered the difficulty of solids passing1 through solids, and have annihilated time and space. Their letters, written on purchasable Indian writing paper — whereof ' Madame' had a large store — can fly unseen from Thibet to a London, where they fall from the ceiling into the lap of the high priestess. They themselves appear to their believers in the gloaming, and weave turbans of nice fine Manchester cloth out of the viewless air. They live to a fabulous old age, retaining their comparative youth and good looks to the last, so that a s≥ of 90 looks like a handsome man of 40, and one at 60 has the flesh and skin of 25 or 30. To this add the doctrine of re-incarnation, which, as with the elephant that stands on the tortoise, removes by one stage the mystery of a living- soul or ever the body took shape \ for its habitation. i Add, too, the belief that a man can : evolve out of bi* own body a materialised spirit, which, first appearing as a nebulous mass, gradually takes the form and sub* ? stance of a concrete human beingj who walks about the room, talks in English, - ; sometimes of a doublful kind, takes your I hand in his — and his is as warm and t-ub- J stantiil as your own — and finally sinka *| to tho floor and dissolves once more into ' I nebulosity and nothingness. I These are among the crazes which. sano I people believe — these, with colloquies arid v I revelations from ghosts, and communications I from spirits who can give you a world of I unprovable information, but who were I baffl :d by the mystery of Jack the Ripper* I and, able to see what ia passing in a private1 ' I house in India, are unable to read the1 1 number of that bank note within & securely fastened envelope* , The craz* of spirittlaiisrfl, in its! last) r developments^ is* perhaps, one of the most { astottnd'ng instances of human superstition I known to to. The augufiea drawn frbtri ' } the sadred chickens find the flight of birds* deaf to the Romans, were strange enough \ but that sane, wise, learned men should suffer themselves to be tricked by a few* artful Ventriloquists and one-trick ooDJarefd ? I is something that strikes those who do not I share this belief as the only marvel of the1 m thing. This pronenesS to accept superstition and fancies for proved facts is as old as human nature, and has been one of the most fruit* ful of all the harvests reaped by the astute and unscrupulous in the garths of the credulous and imaginative. It is not a thing of tc*day, nor of England only. It is older than the Eleusinian mysteries, than the serpent rods of the Egyptian sorcerers* than the advent of Oannes, or the peopling of the woild by dragon's teeth. It ib a oraz) as persistent as thought, and will ever be, while we are ignorant of our true relations with the universe. For it is the outcome of spiritual desire, the embodied expression of that stretching ont of our ? ' hands towards the unknown-^-of that fruit* I less endeavor to grasp the truth which I eludes us, that makes half the charm and I half the pathos of thought. It is a orasse I all the same, and when carried to excess, it I is as dangerous as it is humiliating and «g fallacious.— Mrs. Lynn Linton, in the North American Review. 