[ALL EIGHTS KESEUVED.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN FORDHAM BY B. L. FARJEOK, Author of " Xo. 119, GREAT PORTER SQUARE," " GKIF," " THE MARCH OF FATE," "For THE DEFENCE," "AARON THE JEW," Etc. PART IV. CHAPTER XXXV.- I Con FCIIIUED.) PAUL GODFREY, PRIVATE DETECTIVE, CON CLUDES HIS NAKRATIVI:. At tliis juncture Maxwell's natural cunning of which there are so many instances in John Fordham's Confession-came to his aid. Ho professed the greatest delight at Louis'escape, and the deepest regret that ho had allowed his temper to master him in their dispute over cards. Concerning Morgan's death he pointed out that Louis' peril" was no less than his own, and that, if the worst should happen, it was not he alone who -would be accused of the murder. Naturally, ho argued, Louis would throw tlie crime upon him, and naturally ho would throw it upon Louis. It was a fair asaump tion that his story would bo believed before Louis' because of the wound which the latter had received, which people would say was inflicted bv Morgan while defending himself against the attack made upon him. These argum'ev-.ts were strong enough to show the dang-jro'js positisn in which Louis^stood in relation to the crime. Maxwell' then went on to "sny that their safety lay iri fixing the guilt upon John Fordham, and he related to "them how that unfortunate man same to b;3 entangled in the affair. The hatred they bore ^to John Fordham induced them f.o lister; with avidity to the villainous proposal, and they hailed with pleasure tha oppor tunity of being revenged upou him. 'He believes you to be dead,' said Maxwell to Louis. ' Let him rest in that belief. All you have to do is to keep quiet:. If, £s I suspect, he is "in London, 1 will tracti him down. By Barbara's death a large sum of money lias reverted to him. Let me but succeed in finding him, and I will bleed bim of every shilling. You need nob be seen ; I will do the dirty work, and you shall share the plunder.' The temptation was irresisti ble, and a peade was patched up between them. By what iieana Maxwell discovered John Fordham in hiding in London under an assumed name, and how he worked upon the unhappy man's feelings till' the poor fellow was beggared, is fully esplaincd by Fordham himself in his Confession. Thus, step by step, was the whole mystery revealed. I had good reason to be satisfied with my work, though something still re mained to be done. When his story was finished Louis looked anxiously at me, but I was silent, having a mind to piny with him a bit. 'It proves my innocence, doesn't it 11 he asked at length. 'I believe it does,' I answered. "The question is, will others believe it ? You see, Maxwell will stick to his story as you will stick to yours. Ho is not likely to have any feeling of tenderness towards. Lis be trayers.' . ?. 'Do you see what you have done," you fool!1 cried Mrs. Fordham.. ' You . have set that beast John free, and you have put; a halter round your ncck ! We have been tricked-tricked !' . She looked about her wildly, and Louis trembled in every limb. . . ; I smiled amiably at her. ' lu that, nice Liverpool party of yours there were four : men-you, Maxwell, Morgan, and another.' Jack,' he cried. 'He can _ prove my innoconce. He saw Maxwell stab me.' ''Yes,' I said, 'he 13 the only man "who can back up your story and save you from Maxwell. If he could bo. found now, and be induced to speak the truth ?' 'He must bo found,' screamad Louis; ' he must be! For God's sake give me something to drink, or I shall go into a fit.' His mother flew to the sideboard, and poured brandy into a glass, which she held up to his chattering teeth. I enjoyed the sight-I don't deny it-and had it not been that the time was drawing near for the appearance of Maxwell upon the scene, I have no hesitation in admitting thit I should have prolonged the agony. My blood fairly boiled within meni I gaaed upon the terror-stricken wretches, and i-houghfc-of | the sufferings they had inflicted upon John Fordham. I controlled my feelings, how ever, and applied myself stoadily to the business I had in hand. _ 'Talkingis dry work,' I said. 'Being in a manner of speaking your guests, it would be poli'eness on your part to pass theboctle round.' ' I second that,' said Bob G.irhck, passing his tongue over his lips. The woman took no notice of the hint, but Louis stumbled eagerly forward, and held out the bottle to me. If I had nob taken instant hold of it a lot of good liquor would have been wasted,'his hand was so shaky. We helped ourselves, and felt the better for it, and then I said, 'I don't drink at.anyone's expense-oxc»pt in the way of friendship-without paying for it. I am going to pay for the drinks, arid to prove to you that you have aotcd wisely in trusting us. You have called your non a fool, Mrs. Fordham, and it would be.^rude to contradict a lady. Perhaps he is some thing worse than that, but afc all events he has not been a fool to-night. Had ho fol lowed your advice the pair of you would hsve seen the inside of prison walls. As it is, he has saved you and himself. Do you think we left Jack out of the reckoning? Not a bit of it. At this present moment he is within twenty yards of us, waiting for orders, and it is a good job that his account of the stabbing tallies with that we have just, heard. I shouldn't like to have such a record as yours, Mr. Louis, to my score, but there will be ho charge of murder brought against you. That i3 all you care for, I expect, nevsr mind what happens to anyone else. His-eyes literally flashed with joy when he heard this, and Mrs. Fordham drew a long, deepbreathof relief. Sue would havemadeal most any sacrifice to save both men, but Louis came first. That i3 the way with mothers, even when they are the worst of women. ' Is the liquor paid for V I asked. ' Yes, yea,' Louis replied. ' Take some more.' I put the bottle aside, and held up n.y hand, for just then we heard three single .rap3 at the street door, a short interval between each. Then, after a longer interval, three rapid knocks. 1 Is that Maxwell's signal V I whispered. 'Speak low.' 'Yes.' 'Do you have to say anything? Must l.e hear your voice Y 'Yes. And I must hear his.' ' Go and say it, and open the door, av.d leave the rest to us. We shall be behind you.' I did not trust her even thou, you ace. We stepped softly out cf the room, Mcj, Fordham tirat, and we at her heels. Tha passage was dark : I would not allow her to earn' a light. ' Who is there ?' she asked. The answer came. ' All right, M.' She was in such a state of agitation thfit she fumbled at the lock. I put my hand warnincrly 011 her shoulder, and the door was opened. ' What did you keep me so long for?' cried Maxwell, aa he entered. ' Is that you, Louis ? Everything's ready. What the ' Before he could get out another word he was seized and handcuffed. I blew my whistle, and Jack came up. Directing him an undertone to remain in the passage till 1 csllod for him, I followed Wheeler and Bob Garlick into the room where they had con veyed their prisoner, Mrs. Fordham having tun in first. She was panting as though she had Jnsfc her breath. Maxwell had said nothing more in the dark passage, his im pression being, of course, that the police were upon him, and that silsnce would best serve him. When I sintered he was safe in the grasp of my assistants, and was glaring at Mrs.'Fordham and Louis, neither of whom had the courage to meet his eyo. 'Have you searched him ?' I asked of my assistants. They.shook their heads. ' Well, let ua seo what he has in hia pockets.' We turned them cut, the slight resistances he was able to make being of no avail. There was a loaded pistol, money, keys, and other oddments, and a pocket-book, containing letters and memoranda; /, Some of the letters were old and some recently written. ,&mong; the old letters were two signed by Morgan before the Liverpool affair, the contents of which proved the association of the two men for the purpose of robbing -'Louis. The [ recent letters were from Mrs. Fordham, and my hurried perusal of them left no doubt as to the nature of the intimacy between her and Maxwell. It was a ticklish position for a woman- on ono side a lover, on the other a son whom she worshipped ; but she had made her choico, and there was no retreat for her. . . While I was examining the letters thero was no sound in the room except the rust ling of the papers. The truth dawned slowly upon Maxwell, and his face grew darker and darker as he gazed upon the forms of his confederates. He could no longer control himself. ' you all !' he cried. 'What is the meaning of this ?' ' You are charged with the murder of a man you knew by the name of Morgan in Liverpool,'I replied. ' It's an infernal lie 1' he shouted. ' Arid - you-what have you to say to it T He ad dressed this question to Louis and , Mmj Fordham, but neither of the two answered him. ' So,' he,said between his teeth, while a deadly pallor spread over his features, 1 you have laid a trap for me, after all I have done tb save you. There stands- the , murderer'-with a nod of his "head towards Louis-'and I am ready to give evidence against him.' - : .. :.' i ' What kind of evidence ?' I asked. , 'The evidence of an eye witness,' he said. ' I saw him do it-saw him strike Morgan down !' ' Ah,' said I, and stepped to the door, and beckoned Jack in. ' What do you think of your ghost now, Jack ?' His face beamed, and then his eyes wandered -from Louis to Maxwell. 1 Don't you know an old pal when you see him 1 ..But I forgot. He has some- j thing on him which does not properly belong to him.' . . " ' j And as I spoke I 'plucked the'false beard j and whiskers from Maxwell's face. ' Maxwell,' cried Jack. ! Then the murderer knew the' game was lost. ; That very night, after lodging Maxwell in prison and laying the information against him, I paid a visit to Ellen Cameron. It' was past midnight when I reached her lodg ings, but L_ know she wouldn't mind that when she heard the news I brought. Luckily the landlady' of the house : was up or I should have had some ; trouble in obtaining admittance; she had a birthday party, and they wore merry making. I explained to her that I had some wonderfully good news to communicate to her lodger, and she allowed me to go to her rooms. Ellen's voice trembled as . .she answered ,my . summons at; her door, and trembled more when she heard who her visi tor was. I called to her not to be frightened,' but to dress herself quickly. ' Good news !' I cried. ;-.Tke :best of; good news !' I was socn admitted. What a picture of neatness that room was, and how sweet and pretty Ellen looked, despite the trouble she had gone through ! I declare a lump rose in my throat as I looked at her-but there! another man had got her, and he was worthy of her, and she of him. We spoke low because her boy was asleep in the next room, and as she listened to the ! story I had to relate tears of joy ran down her beautiful face. I finished, and rose to go. ? 'John is to be. brought up to-morrow,'I said, 'and to-morrow he will be free. Come to my office at half-past nine in the morning, and we will go to the Court together. I know you wou'd like to be there to welcome him. That is oneof my reasons for coming here at such an hour. Another reason is, thar. I thought it would be a sin if I lost a single minute in giving you the good news.' She fell upon her knees, and buried her face in her hands. Tears were in my eyes, too, as I was stealing out .of tho..r.Qom,_ But she sprang to her feet and caught, my hand, and kissed it. 'How can we repay you-how can.we repiy you V the sobbed. U ' I am repaid already,' I said and I pressed her hand arid left her And indeed in one way J rfas more than re paid. .You knowthe stir the case'made in the papers, and the flittering things'that were I said .of my skill-which lam too modest.to set down here. My proceedings were not per haps exactly regular, and it : is quite likely that Scotland Yard would rather have had the credit of bringing tha Mystery to light. I doubt if they would hav.e succeeded had it boeri left to. them. And as for what I did',' and the way I did it-well, nothing succeeds like success. I berime famous-really. And the busi ness that flocked upon 'me ! I &m; in a fair way of making my fortune. No need to. go on the stage. > All this happened twelvemonths ago. John aad Ellen are in Australia doing well, and as happy as birds in summer time. We write to each other regularly, and they are continually ! sending me little presents. Pleasant, isn't it, to feel that, though many thousands of miles are between ub, we shall hold one another in affectionate remembrance to the last day of our lives. "~ And then, would you believe it, a week or two ago I was introduced to a young lady so like Ellen that they might.be-sisters. The moment I set eyes on her my heart went twenty to the dozen, and- But that has nothing to do with this story. [THE Em.]. : THE VANISHING BED Man.-Britisher8 who are not well informed about American affairs parjiaps have an idea that Indians and. buffaloes are still roaming the plains of the Far West. If so, they will be surprised to learn that not only has the buffalo become almost extinct, but the noble red man, iiijns natural state, has very nearly disappeared. It is on this account that the United States Government has lately appointed a commis sion whose business will be to collect and i preserve the forms of audi Indian types | as still remain. Thrs scientific men consti tuting the commission are to select from each of the tribes an Indian best representing the warrior type, who will be photographed and measured. Plaster moulds will then be made from his limbs, head, a-nd body. From this data, several eminent sculptors and clay modellers are to shape figures in life-like form and color. The result, it i3 predicted, will be to furnish the most artistic collection of lay figures ev^r made in the world. When completed, they will bo deposited in the National Museum at Washington, where they will remain for the benefit of future genera tions, long after the Ir.diin of real life lias passed into oblivior. Stobiks OF HUXLEY-.-Mr. Wilfrid Ward'a ' Remiiiioct-nce of Prof ssor Euxley,' iu Hie JViHClitnlh Century, contains two or tlree delightful litilo irugmen's of conversation. What could l;e bettc-r, for instance, than t,hi», wheie he (xp'ains !.» position : - 'Stanley ci u d beiitve in utsytiling o[ which ho hud ssen the supposed site, but was so p:ical wlu;e he had not seen. At a brenkfact at MoneUton Miinca,' j'ist at the time of the Colcuso row, Milnea asked ma my views on the Pentateuch, and I gave them. Stanley differed from ir.e, Tlio occcunt of cicition in Cenctiis ho dis missed at once as u-jhistoiical ; but the ca'I c f Abraham and the historical narrative of the Psnfat'UoH he accepted. This was bceausc he had sjnn Palestine-but he was not present at the Creatir.n." The writer continues; 'Of an eminent person whose great subtlety of mitid wis being dismissed, he said that Uio constant over-ri fim mcnt of distinctions in his case dest:oycd a'l ribtinctness Anything could he expUimd away, and so one thing came to mean the same as its opposite. Someone asked, ' Do you nuan that he is untruthful?' 'No,' replied Huxley, ' i;c is not clear heided onr.ugh to tell a lie.' An immense admirer of T«ony6on. he aho appre ciated Browniug, Baying or.ee: ' He really hnn music in him. Read his poem ' TJie Tlirut'h ' and you will see it. Tennyson said to me,' ho added, ' that Browning had plenty of music ia him, hut ha could not get it out.' 