The principle on which the railways are to he mana,edj as affirmed hy the House, is remarkable chiefly for its simplicity. .Both morning papers and the Ministry were in favor i f a Trust, as recommended hy the Railways Board, and now they have all effected a graceful somersault and accepted the decision of the House in favor of a general manager with all the powers a board was expected to exercise. The advantages which the Trust was expected to bring to the manager, who was considere 1 necessary even under a Tru t, were more imaginary than real; either the.Trust or the manager sliou'd rule, and if a Trust were to take the reins into its own hands, no manager, however competent, could exercise his ability freely under a board of experimenting amateurs. A saving will be effected in the cost of administeiing the department by dispensing with the circumlocution which a board of amateurs would entail, and the manager will have some scope to exercise his skill and carry out his own khas instead of being the facto1 urn of the board. The Argus has accepted with aUcrit.y the decision of the House, but chides the Ministry for doing the same, and for not declaring its change of mind earlier in the sitting on Thursday evening, as though the Premier is to be blamed for waiting for the most acceptable time to submit his amended scheme, and fir selecting the most favorable opportunity of geting it carried. Although the “lickof leader ship”^ complained of,aiuore impetuous leader could not possibly have secured such unanimity as was shown in adopting the Ministerial amendment. It is clear, however, that the change alters the entire character of the Pill, and scarcely renders a new measure necessary. The only alteration required now is a verbal one—the substitution of the word “ one’’ commissioner for “three,” as provided in the Com missioners Act, and we should he glad to see Mr Turner reduce his Bill accordingly. The picture of political influence “rampant in the department,” as described by the Railway Board, was too highly colored to produce the desired effect. The present Com missioners distinctly deny its ex'stence; and their predecessors never acknow ledged it. The direction in which political influence has been most disastrously exercised is in the con struction branch; and it wou'd be enormously advantageous Jo the rail ways if this po'itical influence were killed, as it m -y be by the House, for its ghost exists to-day in the shape of 45 non-paying lines. To regard these Hues as worth ljio money paid in constructing them, is tli; greatest outrage on business p-ineiples to be foundJ anywhere in connection with the management of the railways, and last week we a ivoeat d reducing them to their fair value and handing tin m over to the 'new management to. earn the in'erest tnd working expenses on a new and fair capifc d value. ^ This, and a reorganisation of ithe.staff a- d a rearrangement, if practicable, of the loans with a view to the reduction of interest, iift'urd the greatest sc- pe for economy. Having resolved upon appointing1 a now manager, much will depend on the roan selected, more, in fact than in anything e]se contained in the amended Bill, Mr Speight still has ninny friends who will perhaps test the feeling of the House as to his chance of reappointmPnt. Without a resolution of the House in his favor, the Ministry may s"lrct an entirely new man. But Mr Speight has had leisure to supplement the experience he gained as chairman of the first commission. Six of his subordinates have been Commissioners sinco he left the service, and they all have done their best to improve upon his management. But the deficit is still as large as ever. It is calculated at half-a-million for the ensuing (inane'al year. So far, it lias n >t been necessary to go outside the colony to make an appointment, and we don’t think he should be passed over in the present case. He entered far too heartily into the spirit of the boom : but he should not be made to bear the sins of members of Parlia ment and Ministers who were also in the van when the extrava gance for which lie alone is punished was the ord-r of the day. It is entirely out of fear of the Aqe newspaper that his reinstate ment is shrunk from ; and that quarrel is to bo regretted; bub his reinstate ment would restore harmony in the service, and be some retriuution to Mr Speight for bearing what everybody must regard as more than his share of the punishment entailed for the follies of the‘boom.* ' 1 ' Tuesday's Council meeting was short though not remarkably sweet, especially the subject of the communications from thejehief Harbor Master [and the Wyndham Shire Council. Councillor Hick questioned tho Short Road committee as to the propriety of publishing the Surveyor's report on the Short ltoad, the full text having been given in the Advertiser before tho Council had an opportunity of considering it. Councillor Hosking made a rather apologetic reply ; hut the Mayor took a firm stand and con tended the action oi the committee was justified ; he also took tho responsibility of ordering tho report to be printed, a step which he had decided upon for two reasons, oue was because the subject was of such importance as to demand the close attcution of Williamstown and I’ort Melbourne coun cillors ; ami tho other was that the report wa3 an excellent 011c. The Council did not debate the question, and after Councillor Hick had made a point by eliciting from the Mayor an admission that the Public Works committee wrs the only committee open to the press, honors were fairly easy and the discussion dropped. The chief Harbor Master, Captain Sander son, submitted a report to the Town Council on Tuesday afternoon regarding the sanitary condition of the Yurra, especially with regard to the sanitation of ships. He denied that tho West Melbourne docks were as bad as the Couueil had painted them ; and lie said if they were, fish woo’d not bo able to live in them, and fish were being caught there regularly. Ho considered that the Trust was doing ail it could at present in the matter, aud it could uot introduce the same service as was adopted in tho St. Catherine Docks, London, for the sanitation of ships, i s he did not consider the circum stances wairanted it. Tiiere was no ebb aud flow in Sr. Catherine’s docks. It was intended, however, to connect the docks with the sewerage system, and meanwhile he did not think any nuisaacr wub frit by WillinmstoWu, ns it would be more likely tr aflsct Brighton. Tho Chief Harbor Muster’s report w.s couched in such plndj. terms that councillors laughed immoderately while it was being read, anil they par ticularly enjoyed the idea of the Yarra proving a groiter uuisiuce to Brighton than to those aim >st living almost on its banks. As Mr Fitzgibbon says the sewerage scheme will relieve the Yarra of much offensive drainage front other localities, as well as from many unsavory deposits in its immedi ate vicinity, it is expected that a welcome relief will bs felt as soon as tho sewerage scheme is in operation. On Monday cseningthe Railways Band played a choice programme on tho Beach, and the members were afterwards enter tained by Councillor HoskiDg, chairman of the Gardens Committee. The price of return tickets from the city was reduced to niuepence return first class, and sixpence return second class. On Tuesday the Council decided, on the recommendation of the GardcriB Committee, to proceed with the erection cf a shelter shed on the Beach. It was decided to supply the material and to accept a tender that had bfen sent in for the Tho order of the Supreme Court to review the decision of Messrs Jobsou and Pearson J’s.P. in tho change of wilful trespass, brought by the Public Works Department against David Rodger, brother of the com tractor for the repairs to tho Williamstown Post Office, hss led to a settlement of tile case. It will be remembered that Rodger was fined, although bis counsel contended that the charge could not lie, as the defen dant was justified, under the eireumstauoes, in supposing he had a right to outor. If there had been a rehearing Senior- constables Dyer and Norgatc would have been called, in addition to Constable Hazel, who was the only police olliccr examined on the last occasion. But as work ha3 now been resumed at the Post Office by the contractor, it is understood that further legal proceed ings will be dropped. Property in the south end of the town has depreciated considerably in value sinco the transfer of the shipping to Port Melbourne and tho river. Ths boarding house in Morris street, for many years carried on by Mr Legge, has reverted to Councillor Chnllis, the former-owner, and is now to let; Mr Johu Gourtss has expended £6.000 in shops in Nelson plaqe between Ann and Thompson streets, and he states that the revenue from them is not equal to the taxes, and that he woutd save money by forfeiting them to tho Council. The Mayor has suggested to tho membor for the district that they should interview tho Government with regard to the present method of shipping frozen meat. Nearly all the shipments sent from tho Newport Freezing Works are despatched from Port Melbourne, a distance of about nine miles from the works, which is further increased by the shunting that is necessary to get on to the Port Melbourne line, and delay also occurs in crossing the viaduct owing to tho busy traffic between Flinders and Spencer streets. All thi3 Would be avoided if tho moat were loaded at the Williamstown piers, which are only two miles from the Newport Works. Seeing that the frozen meat companies of Portland and Geelong intend to load tho meat at these ports, it is strange that a port like Williamstown cannot ensure the same recognition. The Molbourne Shipping Compauy's now floating dock has been busy this week. The barque Veritas entered in the early part of the week, and was bandied very promptly by the company. She has now. been replaced by tho missionary steamer Day spring, which haa been boarded by several visitors since sho haa been lying at Ann street. On Monday morniDg at the Baths, Mr Jame3 Hall, on behalf of the season ticket holders, presented a sointnir in the shape of a purse of coins to Mr and Mrs Stripff, care takers of the baths, in recognition of their courtesy and attention to bathers. Mr Hall stated that he was particularly desired to say that the bathers appreciated the efforts of Mrs Stricff, especially for devoting almost an hour in the water morning aud afternoon, teaching the children to swim. The know ledge of Mrs StrielFs expertness in the water had given great confidence to parents in allowing their children to go to the baths and even into deep water, as they knew there was no fear of an accident while she exercised such active and vigilint care. Several children had been taught swimming by her. Mr Strieff responded, and said his wife and himself greatly appreciated the gift, coming so spontaneously and unexpectedly as it did from the regular bathers. A deputation from tho United Friendly Societies will interview the cricket club next Wednesday evening to apply for the use of the cricket ground for sports on Easter Monday. Should terms be agreed upon, the sports are likely to be an annual affair. The bakors of Williamstown and Newport, in auother column, intimate that in con sequence of tho increase in tho price of flour, bread will, until further notice, ba seven pence per four pound loaf. Tho enthusiasm of the promoters of the Trades picnic has bean such as to ensure success, provided the day be fine. A largely attended meeting was held on Tuesday evening, the Mayor presiding. Some of the handicappets applied for permission to com pete in some of the events and leave to do so was given. It was decided to add second and [third to the first prize already offered for the best turn-out. The Secretary reported that Mr G. F. Pickles had agreed to act as judge for the best turn-out. Only one case was entered on tho police court records yesterday, aud it was dealt with by Mr Pearson, J. P. It wrs an application by Sergeant Mitchell for a remand of the case of Catherine Cutler, who is at present in the Melbourne Gaol for medical treatment. She is under the care of Dr. Shields, who is as yet undecided as to her mental condition. A further remand of fourteen days was granted. Captain Reynolds, of the Dayspring, the new mission ship of the Presbyterian Church, is to conduct the service at the Cecil street Presbyterian Church on Sabbath morning. Capt. Reynolds is a cousin of the late Mr Spurgeon, the famous Baptist preacher of London. Messrs J. H. Hooper and Co. arc holding a most successful sale, the premises being crowded with purchasers since the opening day. The sale will be continued until further notice. Thisisa splendid opportunity. Miss Tanner, the talented teacher of painting, will resume tuition oii Monday, Febuary fth. 