LECTURE ON JAPAN. A GLIMPSE OF MR. PARSONS'S TRIP. CRITICISM OF THE PREMIERS' CONFERENCE. The members of the Adelaide Branch of the Australian N atives' Association, held in the Caf • de Francais on Monday evening, March 23, were favoured with a lecture by the Hon. J. L. Parsons on Japan. This is the first Ject-ure on the land of the Mikado that Mi'. Parsons has delivered sinoe his return from the Far East, whither he recently went in the interests of Australian trade. The attendance was unusually large, including many ladies, and Mr. W. G. Auld presided. Mr. PAEEONS opened with a very graphic description of the physical scener}- of Japan in its broad outlines. Then with powerful eloquence and efiect he presented mental kodak snapshots (as ho called them) of characteristic striking points, beginning with shrines, temples, and tombs. Considerable laughter was created by his remarks concerning the babies. Japan had beeu called the paradise of babies, and a populous paradise it was. Nearly every woman between eighteen and thirty-five was to be seen with a baby. Babies were one of the chief products of the country. They were dandled and fondled and never whipped or scolded it seemed. Word pictures of the teeming life of the streets were given. The girls were always petite, noat, dainty, and graceful, clean and wholesome looking. Not all, however, were pretty, although some were beautiful enough to please the most fastidious. The Japanese, he observed, were educating themselves for entering the great comity of nations, and yet if the late conference of Australian Premiers were to have its way there was to be no trade or truck between Australia and Japan, and the educated Japanese were to be treated like Chinese coolies, kanakas, and lascars. Later he spoke of the great personal interest the Ma.-quis Ito manifested in Aus- tralian affairs. He alluded to the interview he had with the Premier of Japan, and said he was grieved and indignant that this nobleman —one of the foremost statesmen of this or any other time—should read in a South Australian paper that at a conference of Australian Premiers he and his countrymen were vv id to be equally objectionable with Cliinese coolies, lascars, and kanakas. This, he said, was bad diplomacy, bad manners, and a bad mistake. .Cheers.) i\Ir. Parsons delineated the character of the people, and described their great and varied occupations. Who were the Australians, he should like to know, that thej 7 should object to the Japanese? We ourselves came originally from Asia, and he hoped Heaven would smite our silly and vulgar self-conceit in talking about the inferior Asiatic races as we did. (Laughter and applause.) After extolling the moral character of the Japs and speaking of their commercial dealings, the lecturer gave the testimony of an authority to their behaviour in the late war. Their discipline was admirable, their obedience unquestioned, their courage undaunted. Their soldiers attempted anything at the word of command, and at Wei Wei Japanese were frozen to death at their posts. Their industry was marvellous. In every walk of industry the Japanese coula imitate, improve, and invent. It was his dogged, persistent, patient application and continuance that made the Jap a most formidable competitor. Tho Japanese were good-tempered and merry. Their capacity for enjoyment was unlimited. They worked like Trojans and enjoyed themselves like Greeks. At some length the Parliamentary institutions and parties were outlined in Mr. Pareous'a eloquent, racy, and charming manner. The latter part of his address was aevoted to the commercial treaties with Japan. He should like to know what made South Australians or Australians think they were ^o very superior to the rest of the civilized world, or that we should give ourselves haughty airs and use offensive language to a great free civilized nation, judged fit to Ix 1 associates with Europeans and Americans'' Could we aliord for the bogey of a Japanese invasion, or die ghost of cowardice alxiut Japanese competition, or for the stupid narrowminaed parochial cry of " Australia for the Australians," to shut ourselves off and out of the largest and safest market for our produce that had been discovered in modern times? (Cheers.) What he complained of was that in a most cavalier, high and mighty, and contemptuous manner the Premiers' Conference practically without discussion refused the Japanese treaty. They might have at least been civil and diplomatic, especially as they were selfappoir.tcd. (Laughter.) They might have at least communicated with the Japanese Government through the proper otficial channel, to have made enquiries, arid to have offered suggestions, or to have made proposals, but for three Premiers and four Cabinet Ministers, self appointed -- (loud laughter) — to vir tually throw the treaty into their waste-paper basket w.xs an amazing effrontery, an unpardonable impertinence, an unwarranted assumption of authority, and a gross diplomatic blunder. (Cheers.) Nothing equal to it had happened since the three tailors of Tooleystreet issued their celebrated manifesto—We, the people of England. (Loud laughter.) It was for the electors of South Australia to express their will and for the new Parliament to decide the issue. (Cheers.) Mr. Parsons closed with a peroration on the destinies of the Eastern nation. On the motion of Mr. W. BICKIOED, seconded by Mr. E. S. HLGHLS, the l&rge; and thoroughly appreciative audience accorded a heart}- vote of thanks to Mr. Parsons for hit exceedingly interesting and instructive lecture. 