ELECTION DIALOGUES. ANOTHER CABINET TALK—PURELY IMAGINARY. - Sight of reproduction in the "Government Gazette" strictly reserved. scene—Cabinet Koom; walls ^profusely decorated with mottoes—"God Bless our Home," "Woman is a Grown of Joy:" "Whenpain mid sorrow wring the brow, a ministering angel thorn" "Let sisterly love con- ! tinue," "Womanshall rule the world," "A noble wife is the choicest gift of Heaven," j "Be tender to thp penitent," "Help to pluck a brand from the burning, " Welcome the re turning prodigal—hal Hal" "Groat is the > W.C.T.U.President," " Woman is Divine," j to which someone has added in pencil, "And , easily gulled." All the Ministers present ex- I cepl the Chief. Treas.—Well, friends, what d'ye think of the decorations? Neat and natty, eh? C.P.W.—But what's the good of 'em here? Sort of thrown away, eh—where nobody!! see j 'em? ■ Treas.—You're young in diplomacy, my j friend. If the influential ladies of the: W.C.T.U/should come up casually' to be eon- j suited by Kingston on a social purity platform for the elections these beautiful little mottoes, grandly suggestive of—of—Ministerial devo tion to the cause, will prove as bread east upon the waters, to be seen after election day. C.P.W.—The maxims are certainly dirt cheap. I'll undertake to do them at 5s. the gross. But where's the Chief? M. of E.—Reading up Mrs. Memans's poems, Bogatsky's " Golden Treasury," and "A Plea for Anti-opium," and practising before the glas3 those devout looks which C.P.W.—"Fetch" the sex. M. of E.—There I don't agree with you. Women like a lot of the devil in a man. They would rather have a bad bold man than a saint, and if you want to interest them it's best to tell them that you're a bad lot, but that their tender, gracious, benign Treasurer — Ay, the more adjectives the better M. of E. Influence may be the means of making you reform. C.P.W.—You can't give Charlie points in hnmbug. C.C.L.—And it'll succeed, too. M, of E.—Well, Charlie will be carried to the top of the poll in the aprons of the noble wives and mothers of South Australia, and we shall have a boom in High Morality and The Voice with the Sulphur Breath—Three cheers for Charlie, and—dash the expense! C.P.W.—But where is the Chief? Treas.—Never mind. Let's get to business. C.C.L.—No wc won't. YouTe not the boss, Holder, and don't try and cut Charlie out and jump his claim. Treas.—Ahem! Doleful noise as of ungrcascd cartwheel, grow ing more distinct. Treas.—I think we should pass a law pre tne venting cats from howling in the daytime. C.P. W.-H-u-s-h! M. of E.—It is—it is—the Premier singing, C.C.L.—And yet some people are sorry they-re deaf 1 Enter A.G., warbling— Just be-fore tbe batt-ell, ladies, I am tbink-ing most of you, And my biz-zy brain is plan-ning Flatter-ing devices new. What d'ye say to peni-ten-tial Mood ? Or bluster like you best? ■ Tell me truly—confidential! Ami I'll grant your sweet request. Rally, ladies, bless your Char-lie, Type of virtuous dig-nit-ee-ee-ee; Then we will, dear wives and mothers, Boom your Social Purit-ee 1 flowll that do, Holder? Paraphrase of "Just before the battle, mother." Common metre! Stop a minute, though. Blest if J. hav'nt forgotten to work in "Human- it-ee!" Here goes for another verse All—Spare us, great Chief. Frown on us, bully us, treat us with contempt—do anything, but don't sing. A.G.—H'm! Treas.—You're a genius, Kingston; yet a little Scripture in the verses would not be amiss. A.G.—But wouldn't that be a lectle like putting on side in a penitent, you know? Women don't like to have a case of reform made too easy—twig? It wouldn't be good policy to use too much of the goody-goody kind of talk while you're on the road—as you may say—to the new .Teru-salem, I The Unseen Adviser—Not a hit of fear that •way. Why, even I can quote Scripture. M. of E.—And it always goes down with the women. It's just like flattery in that respect. Entr6 ivous, you know, I nave found flattery a good investment; and bow I've laid it on—with a trowel, with two trowels! Men can stand a lot of it—you can, for instance, make the poorest tool of a speaker believe he's more eloquent' than Demosthenes; and woman can't have enough of it. You can fool the plainest of them into fancying she's as beau tiful as Lijily Lnngtry. Pope says A. G.—That's right; bring in the Pope as much as you can at present; also J. Wesley. M. of E.—I mean Pope the poet. He says that flattery's the most potent influence in the world; and so it is. Experienlkt doert} A.G.—No Greek, please! What d'ye think of these little domestic mottoes, Holder? Treas.—Oh, they'll do. A.G.—There's no doubt that the Church f'ves a Minister of the Crown a big advantage, wonder why Trn never asked to take the chair at tea meetings. Can't some of you fellows work that? I envy your preach ing, Holder. Couldn't you manage to put in a word or two about the sorrowing Pro digal Son, with artistic applications, you know! The Elder Brother, for instance, to be the National Defence League. Treas.—No, I never mix politics with preach ing. A.G.—Ah—hem! And yet you can give some nasty digs. Didn't you say in the pulpit one Sunday that personal character was the main thing in polities— Unseen chorus (fortissimo) feminine voices. Who would not fight for Charlie $ Who would not grant him aid I What woman would resist him In his Glorious New Crusade ? Think of what he's done for women ; Picture scenes from history's page; Call np ghosts as Moral Trophies, Won in youth to bless his age. Who would, not fight for Charlie I And put all wrong to rout I Then croion his head with garlands— The Voice—He knows what hes about. A.G.—Da—ahem!—ash that voice. C.P.W. (sotto voce) — Good job Gordon isn't here to snigger! A.G.—Did I hear the name of Gordon? Treas.—Yes; I think we ought A.G.—Not to refer to that matter again. If he hadn't run out of town I'd have talked him over on Friday as I did before, but now let Gordon he tabooed in Cabinet. The rest—We agree. A.G.—Oh, you do, do you? Why, of course you do. M. of E.—I thought we were all equal in this Cabinet. A.G.—That be blowed for a yarn! You'd better unthink such rubbish! Treas.—Look here, Kingston, if I were well off I'm hang—ah! I mean I'm blest if I'd stand your domineering ways. A.G.-J£umpH! Wait till you «« wdl off. Meantime I'm cock of the walk, and I'll lead the .crowing. You see, Jenks, the Labourj Party- had to give in over the Sturt candi dates. You were funky over it at one time, j C.P.W,—Which nobody ean deny. I thought they might get their backs up at your j dictation. .. ' A.G.—Faugh 1 the beggars daren't oppose MY will. I say to fine ''come," and he trotteth towards me, and to another "go^and he vamooseth. Look at Brooker. C.P.W.—It isn't true that Brooker asks eave of McPherson, as Chairman of the Labour «Pariy; before he dares to smile: in.the House. I've' seen him smile without doing it. A.G.—Perhaps ho had an exemption then. But this is joking. M. of E.—Did you hear that a member said about the Arthur case that it was a miserable bit of business,. but that he wouldn't offend Kingston for all the Arthurs in the world? A.G; f chuckling ,1—Oh, bless you, they're all afraid of me, cmdfjmintedlj/) bo arc you. But I LOVE POWER, and I know how to use it. M.of E.—Still, sometimes the Labour Party kickjiver the traces. You'll have to place Coney beer, for instance, under closer mes meric control. Did you see the report of his meeting the other night—"Speaking on women 8 suffrage, he ridiculed men, who, he said, vehemently opposed the innovation and then turned round mid went round the country flattering the women and trying to persuade them that they were the men who had got them the franchise." That's Very rough on you, Chief 1 A.G.—Humph! It's awkward, certainly, to be reminded that I was once against female franchise, but then the public has not got much memory, and it's as easy to fool 'em as it C.C.L.—Humbug the women! A.G.—Gillen! C.C.L.—I beg pardon. I was soliloquizing. -A.G.—Well, Cockburn, what do follts say about the Friend of Humanity taking the boss-ship of the Hospital while we're fishing over the Chief Secretaryship? M. of E.—I'd rather not tell you. A.G.—Cockburn, you ought to know your place by this time. Do what you're told, or else go back to to pillbox business. M. of E.—Well, then, they say that it is absolutely indecent on your part to interfere in any way with the affairs of the Hospital after your violent displays of prejudice and spleen, especially as you're suspected of being likely to make up the new Board in view of the West Adelaide election and the Catholic and Methodist votes. A.G.—Oh! they do, eh? And I suppose they don't add anything about any other Minister's district and a candidate for % Hospital office—humph! hey! h'm-m 1 Cock burn? M. of E.—I'm sick of the whole business. A doctor cut me dead at the Adelaide Club the other day. C.P.W.—Ay, and if you'd gone to the Con tinental on Saturday night, Kingston, you would have had a lively time from the medical students and others. You showed discretion by staying at home and writing that " Star bangled" banner letter. C.C.L.—A very good letter. A.G.—Yes. I rather flatter myself that was up-to-date, and also up to snuff! C.C.L.—Have you heard, Cockburn, that the Labour Party doesn't approve of you as a democrat being a member of that plutocratic institution known a3 the Adelaide Club? M. of E.—Then I suppose I'll have to resign and join the Democratic Club. It's hard, though. As it is I've almost given up wearing tall hats and black frockcoats. Then I'm expected to Smoke so as to please the tobacco-twisters, and not to smoke so as to placate the W.C.T.U's Anti-smoking De partment. A.G.—Smoking's a horrid habit which I never practise. C.P.W.—Well, you can't do everything, you know. A.G.—Subside at once, ungrateful man. Don't forget what I've done for you in Sturt. C.P.W.—Very well, Mr. Premier. Treas.—I quite agree with the Chief. I j don't smoke. C.C.L.—You can't. A.G.—Gillen, if I have to speak to you again I'll not let your village settlers have any more tobacco. M. of E.—I am supposed to drink wine so as to gratify the vignerons, and I-am desired not to drink wine so as to flatter my brother officers of the Alliance and the Total Absti nence Department of the W.C.T.U. A.G.—Most exemplary institution! Ad mirable President! M. of E.—You Jove the W.C.T.U. as much as you hate the Hospital Board A.G.—Mrs. Nieholls always most expressly excepted. Ha! ha! Good idea! We must tell the Surveyor-General to name a new Hundred the Hundred of W.C.T.U. Whatdo you think of that bit of diplomacy, boys? Chorus—Too thra! A.G. (angrily)—Then you have no right to think. You can't lay flattery on too thick with women. This Cabinet's adjourned. C.C.L.—But, Chief, I want to say that there's going to be a row over the village settlements not having been proclaimed, and people wish to know about that £100 a year to Smeaton's Society. They even say that in common decency it ought to be discontinued now that Smeaton is a candidate A.G.—Si-lenee. Treas.—As you talked of my preaching just now, Kingston, suppose you and the rest listen to a Tittle discourse from me. 'A.G.—Right, Attention, boys! 