LADY TURPIN. Bt HENRY HERMAN (Author of "His Angel," "Eagle Joe," "-Scarlet Fortune," &c.;, &c.;, and part \- Author of " The Silver King.") Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock Sf Bow dm, Ltd. [ALI. KIOHTB RESERVED.] CHAPTER XV. A RAID ON THE CAFE FLOW. Endalie Verpoint, the adventuress, had lost her habitual coolness'since she had learned that she had a heart. She was no longer the cold and calculating woman who lived only to "commit crime and then to skilfolly obliterate its traces. She had tricked and entrapped Gerald Theveney, and then, like the fowler who is caught in hia own snare, she had fallen in love with him. It was not merely his good^ looks that now attracted her; of his position in the world she had ceased to think. She no longer considered him a prey, as a stake to be played for and won, if possible, but as the lord of her heart, the man whom she loved better than life itself. Very weak of her, perhaps, but as we know 1 "Women are not In their best fortunes strong." But when a woman loves, as Endalie - Verpoint did/we all know they are'weak. indeed. And the girl lived in a constant terror, the terror of being found out. Gferald had only been too glad to take her at her own valuation-a beautiful girl, a lady, well educated, of good position, of his own spcial rank. But the time might come when Gerald would make enquiries which it would be awkward to answer, en quiries which would have to be met by lies. It is very easy to tell a lie, but to build up a whole structure of lies needs genius, par ticularly if they are not to be found out. And Endalie had grown weary of lying to the man she loved, simply because she loved him so, and when the trim parlor maid came into the drawing-room after " lunch with a telegram upon her little salver, Endalie's fingers trembled as she took it np, and the girl's face flushed slightly with fear. But a happy smile overspread her handsome face as she read its contents. " There's no answer, Ellen," she said. And then, as the girl left the room, she turned to the clock. "He'll be here in half an hour," she thought. And then she looked once mora at the little piece of pinkish paper. "Please wait at home for me. X am coming to bring you great good hews at half- past two.-Or." ? " Good news!" thought Endalie. " He can have no other good news to tell me than that it is possible to hasten our mar riage. Oh, that it were once over, and that I dared to tell him. ' But that can never be, for Gerald is an honest man arid would spurn from him the woman who is nothing hut a common thief. But then he loves me, and in that great love of his he may find pity-when I am his wife, but not before. But will he ever forgive me for cheating and deceiving him? Can I ever dare to tell him? No! That must be my very last resource. Fortune haa never failed me yet, and surely the cup of happiness will not be dashed from my lips just as it touches them. What cau his good news bo, I wonder? Perhaps,per haps," she thought-and she became pate as a ghost at tha idea-"perhaps they have come upon the traces of Winnie's jewels, and thus, he being placed above suspicion (for he may have fancied he was suspected) he looks upon that as great good news. No, it can't be that." And then the well-known knock was heard at the outer door of the flat, and Endalie, with a woman's instinct, took one look in the mirror, and pressing her . blanched lips between her teeth and seat- ? ing herself in a graceful attitude, awaited the arrival of her lover. The door was flung open by Ellen, and Gerald, "who though dressed in solemn black, looked the picture of happiness, his face wreathed in smiles, entered. . " Dearest Endalie," he cried, "you.can make mo the happiest man in all the world, or the most miserable, for I cannot - bear to part with you, dear, even for a aingle day. I can't, indeed, and I've got to leave London at once-that is to say, within a week or two. And aye or no, Endalie, I want you to make a sacrifice for me." " There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, Gerald, nothing!" cried the girl. And there was a touch of pathetic solemnity in her voice, for Bhe meant what sho said, and the words catna from her heart. And then they kissed each other, as lovers do. "And what's your great good news, Gerald," she aaicL " I'm burning to hear it." " Well, I'm made a post-captain, dear. I'm to have a quarter-deck of my own. We are going to start a house in Paris, and I'm to take charge of it. It's promotion, I can tell you; and they were very nice about it, and said all sorts of charming things; and I should never have got it if it hadn't been for the poor old governor's death. Ton see, they think ' Sir Gerald Theveney and Co.' will read well, and of course, I can now put in a considerable amount of capital. And what's better still, it will be all under my own thumb! ttnd I shan't be at the beck and call of old Mahjer "Whattinghaui. And now I want you to do me a groat favor. Endalie, I want you to consent to our immediate marriage. You see, the mere fact of my having to go away is the strongest of all nos3ible reasons. Under ordinary circum stances, it couldn't have taken place for six months at least. Bat now we can be quietly married, and we can take a fort night's honeymoon, and then settle down in a little nest of our own in Paris, , And all you have got to do, Endalie, dear, is to say yes, and then you'll make me the hap pieat fellow in all the world. You won't hesitate, Endalie ? You won't refuse me ? I've got my chance, and T shall never have such another big chance again. Why, with luck, in ten years' time, one needn't worry about business. I shall have made my pile, and we can come back and live at the Book's Nest, if we like. What do you say, darling? Dearest Endalie!" J'.Gerald," said the girl, "you know I eau'fc refuse you anything. I ought to blush when I say the words,' I'love you so that I can ? refuse you nothing.' But, . Gerald, what will the world say? What .will Lady Mexey say? And your sister, too! And oh, Gerald, my aunt's dread fully particular! She'll certainly make all kinds of difficulties." " Oh, for the matter of that, bother our sisters and our cousins and our aunt3!" cried , the young fellow enthusiastically. " We're both of age, Endalie, though you don't look it. I can buy a special license, and we can be married any morning, and nobody need be any the wiser," " Gerald, don't be ridiculous!" cried the girl. " Tou might as well suggest a post chaise and four, and a marriage at Gretna Green. I'll talk to aunt, I can't say more, and yon must be very nice with her and very firm, and say it'a got to be, you know; and between us we shall talk her over." ."I'm not sure that the special license and the marriage in the morning wouldn't be the best way, Endalie," cried the young fellow. " Tour aunt's bound to make all kinds of difficulties-aunts always do-and she'll want to have the settlements seen to, and that will take no end of time. Those lawyer fellows never will hurry." "I don't think that need take long, Gerald," said the girl softly, placing her hand in his. '" When I marry yon, I trust you with myself, surely I can trust you with my property." ."Of course you can, little woman. Everything would be made fair and square, and I daresay even lawyers might be got to hurry up under pressure." Aad then there trae a little pause, and pressing of band3, and the young people looked into each other's eyes as young people do under such circumstances, and then Endalie, in a strangely serious tone, asked her affianced lover a very strange question. " Gerald," she said, " would you marry -me if I were a penniless girl? Tell ma really. Would King Cophetua take the beggar maid ?" " You know I would, dearest!" cried her lover. " You mean it, Gerald, don't you ?" said the girl. " You really mean it ?" " Indeed, indeed, my darling, I do," cried the infatuated youth. And he did mean it, because fov him there was but one woman in all the world, and that one woman was Endalie Yer point. " Gerald," said the girl, and she looked at him with solemn eyes, " Gerald " Sho seemed about to speak again, but she was silent. The impulse to confess every thing to the man she loved better than life was Btyong. Had she really been a penniless girl, she would, loving and trust ing him as she did, have confessed it then and there, believing in the strength and truth of his affection. But she dared not. Her courage failed her at the last moment. She could not toll the man she loved the story, the shameful story, of her life of crime. "I was only trying your affection, Gerald," she1 said with a little laugh. " I don't think even the beggar-maid could have been a happier girl than I am now, and if I said all I think, Gerald dear, and told you how happy I am, perhaps you might wish me more coy and reticent. Ah, Gerald, I do so-pray that nothing may come between us." \- "Come ^between us?" cried young, Theveney. " Who or what could ever come between us ? When I was a ruined man, you came to my assistance nobly. Do you think that I can ever forget that ? Do you think that I can ever forget that it was,you who saved me from the conse quences of my own monstrous folly ? And folly's a mild word. I was more than a fool, I was a criminal, well-nigh a thief, for I was guilty of a breach of trust, and knowing that, dear, you love me and trust me still. Endalie, if ever there was an angel in this world it is you, love." v " Ah, you say that, because you haven't found me out," said the girl, with a laugh in which there was the slightest, tinge, of bitterness. " If you only knew .' Ah, if you only knew!" " But I do know!" cried the young fel low, and as he spoie the words the girl started. " I can quite fancy that I'm not the first man-who has admired you, Eada lie. Others have done so, and doubtless told you of their affection. Why should they have hidden their love from a girl whom any man might be proud of ? I am full with hideous retrospective jealousy," he added with a laugh. " Gerald!" cried the girl a little proudly, starting to her feet. " I swear to you that you are the iirst man that ever whispered words of love to me. I never thought or cared for any man in that way, never, so help me Heaven! Say you believe me, dear, for I can honestly look you in the face and tell you that." " Believe you, Endalie ? Of course I believe you." At that moment the door opened, and Mrs Hill came in. " Why, Gerald! The very last person I should have expected to see. There's no» thing wrong in the City, I hope ?" " Nothing whatever, dear Mrs Hill," said the young man, as he took her outstretched hand and shook it warmly. "I've got a half-holiday. They have let me out of school for the afternoon." \- And then he told her of what he termed his " slice of luclr," " And now, Mrs Hill," he continued, " I have come as a beggar. A most pertina cious beggar. No amount of handshaking will drive me away. I have talked over Enaalie, and practically she refers me to you. Dear Mrs Hill, you will help me, won't you ? Of course, my father's death naturally has postponed our marriage, but I am an excitable fellow, and I don't think I could stand the suspense of being away from Endalie. Why, every day, here in London. I count the minutes till five o'clock, and this sudden move is an honest reason for hastening on our marriage. There's nothing to be got by delay, and you don't know what an extra s:x months of happiness means to a fellow like me. We can be married at once. Even old Malder Whattingham, who is a cantan kerous old fellow, agrees with me that that's the best possible thing for the business. 'Simplest thing in life,' he said. 'Wny, when I married Mrs Whattingham, I went away at eleven, and we Had our wedding breakfast at Birch's and I was back again in this chair at two.' And he was. I have often heard it in the office; Bat I don't go so far as breakfast at Birch's, and going back to the office at two. Bat can't we say this day week ? " "It is absolutely impossible, Sir Gerald, absolutely impossible," replied Mrs Hill, drawing herself up. "It isn't to be thought of for an instant. It's a kind of' hole-and-corner proceeding that I couldn't think of countenancing, and I am quite sure, if Endalie looked at it in a proper apirit, that she would agree with me. Why, it would be a scandal. What would your poor, dear mother have thought of such indecent haste F Besides, what would everybody say, and what would everybody think of me P They'd say 1 didn't want to five a proper breakfast. Besides, every, odor's married by banns now, and that takes three weeks at least, and then there's Endalie's troi^seau. A lady doesn't start on her honeymoon, Sir Gerald, with a Gladstone bag and a handbox. It couldn't be thought of for a moment. And then there's a maid to be engaged, if you're to live in Paris. Endalie -would want a maid -who spoke tlie language; and a highly respectable lady's maid -who speaks French takes finding, let me tell you. They don't grow an trees. And then there are the aetfclewents. I'm quite sure, dear Sir Gerald, when I've talked it over with Endalie, that she will be of my mind. There are a tfypuaand and one things to be taken into consideration that you men know nothing about. Do you know, Sir Gerald," said Mrs Hill, dropping into a chair and fanning herself violently* " that you have quite taken my breath away ? " But Gerald was full of persuasive eloquence. In his desire to win her over he almost made love to the old lady before Endalie'8 very eyes, and he only desisted when Mrs Hill very reluctantly promised him that he should have a definite answer within twenty-four hours. And then he stayed to dinner, and after dinner Endalie played and sang to him, and he found himself in the seventh jheaven, and once or twice Mrs Hill left the tVo young people alone. JBut she came baek ajtl tpo soon for this ardent lover, and at length Sir Gerald took his leave, feeling in his heart of hearts that even a week was a terribly long time to wait. From this it will be concluded that Sir Gerald Theveney was very much in love indeed. ." Give me a cigarette, my aear,' saia . Mrs Hill, ." and let's talk it over. Nothing could haye happened more opportunely. He must have his way, of course, for in this world one never knows what's going to turn up, and the respectable- looking plain-clothes officer, with the badly fitting boots and a couple of pairs of neat steel handcuffs, may turn up at any moment in o it case. But once in Paris, Endalie, and lit «m"ect to him, if s a very different pair of shoes. They might bag me, and if they did, I'd do my time, and you could trust me not to split. . And neither Mike Roan nor Ellen would peach, because, you see, it's worth their while to be silent, and I'd sfcnd to you, Endalie, just as though I was really your aunt, for you're all I've got in the world, dear, and I feel like a mother to you, and always have, for you're an orna ment to the profession, and a girl that any woman might be proud of." "Don't, aunt," said Endalie. "Don't take me back to it, even in thought. I've dose Tfith il> for good all* thank God 1 Oh! " slio cried, as sho burst into a flood of pwsionale wearing," Oh, that I could only tell liitn! " Toll him, you fool?" cried the elder woman, clutching her wrist. "And what good would that do, pray ? Never trust a man. He looks upon you as a little better th.ic ( he angel3. But once a man finds a woman out, it's all up with her, as you'll l^ara sooner or later. Why, my girl, if you were to peach, though you were my very daughter, I'd think no more of choking the life out of you than I do of throwing this end into the fire." And flinging the cigarette from her, she suited the action to the word. " For women like you and me, Endalie, there's no such thing as sentiment or romance. "We've got to think of business. We've made our pile, we've got to stick to it, and there'a no crying back and showing the white feather now. Do you know what it would mean ? It would mean ten years, ten years of the steel. You don't know what the stoel is, my girl. I do. I've had the nails worn oil my fingers with picking o.akutu. I've been fed on. skilly and done my turn in the darks, till it wasn't a prisoner they'd got, but a dan gerous mad woman. How would you like to bow and grovel to the female warders, and be dressed like & guy, and have all your pretty h ur clipped off till you looked like one, and to have to clean your cell, and stitch and sew all day long if you were a good conduct woman, and to be preached at and prayed at by the chaplain and the lady visitors, and to have to turn hypo crite for the chance of getting a good con duct badge and sugar in your tea ? No, Endalie, for the like of you and me there's no turning back." But wo must return to Mr Brown. Mr Brown ordered a carriage from the I hotel and passed his afternon at the Sweet Waters of Europe, where he admired the Turkish, Greek, and Armenian ladies, not a few of whom favored him with a smile. Then he dined. He ordered a magnum of Deutz Geldermann '84, and he asked some of his American and English acquaintances to join him. Now there is something very seductive about a magnum of Deatz Gel dermann. It is a difficult sort of thing to refuse, particularly in a place like Con stantinople, where the wines are usually more miscellaneous than good. Mr Brown and his friends discussed a second magnum, and then, fortified by coffee and liquors, they sallied out together to the Cafe Plon,just to have a look round, you know. And Mr Brown and his friends greatly admired the Greek and Armenian ladies with the big eyes and the yellow complexions, the full, ripe lips,' and the magnificent heads of hair, whom they met there, sauntering about on the. arms of their husbands, brother, or fathers, and they agreed that Pera was a very dressy place indeed, and that these semi-oriental types of female beauty, clad, in the latest Parisian fashions, which they saw in the garden of the Caf6 Plon, were truly delightful. And perhaps the big, black, bold, bright, eves seemed bigger and brighter and bolder because Mr Brown and his friends had had that second magniun of Dents . Geldermann; and they sat and smoked and drank their mastica, as is the custom in Pera, at the little tables, and then some body suggested that they should go up stairs and have another "little flutter." Mr Brown was nothing loath; in fact, he .was particularly anxious to have a " little .flutter," because, you see, Mr Brown was an. observant man. " He had looked on the previous evening as Mr Detective-Inspector Bender, and, as we know, nothing could escape the eagle eye of Mr Detective Inspector , Bender. And he had fancied, nay, he was almost certain, that the rou lette, as played at the Caf<5 PI on, was not altogether fair and square. He had noted that when the preponderance of the money staked by the players was on the red, that black invariably won, and vice versA. "And," thought Mr Brown,"if I were not on duty, I think I could make it rather hot for that bank; because ali a fellow would have to do would be to keep on betting'small sums upon the colour on which least money wa3 staked to win every time." But Mr Detective-Inspector Tender, being on duty, did not play. He had occasionally won or lost a perfunctory mejidieh, but that was all. But now,- Mr Bender's official duties in Constantinople being-finished, he felt that Mr Brown, the tourist, had the right to enjoy him self, and being a good natured fellow, Mr Brown communicated his brilliant idea to .the two friends who had accompanied him froni the .hotel, and all three watched the game for awhile, and came to the conclusion^ that the ingenious Mr Brown's theory was a correct one; and, perhaps because human nature ts human nature, all three men hail a "little flutter." They could not "go for" very large sums, because if they had even equalized the two colours then the theory of course wouldn't work. But the three went steadily on with five-franc pieces, occasionally popping on a Turkish lira, and they almost always won. And Mr Brown and his friends, in some twenty minutes, had made quite a nice little thing of it; and while they were re joicing and pulling off coup after coup, and just as Mr Brown, the tourist, had whispered under his breath to his friencld " This is the sort of game a fellow doesn't get tired of," an electric bell was suddenly sounded three times in succession, - and then there was the noise of a struggle, and the electric light became suddenly turned out, and the whole place was in total dark ness for an instant, and everybody seemed to be scrambling for the money upon the tables, and men began to hit out right and left." And Mr Brown, the tourist, felt that somebody had grasped him round the waist. But he shook-- himself free in an inst&at;, seized a chair, and managed, by using it as a club, to keep the crowd off him. And then the biz door of the room was opened suddenly, and three Turkish officers entered the place, followed by a crowd of zaptieha, bearing lights. The scene was a rather startling one. The greater portion of the money which had lain upon the various tables had dis appeared or been scattered npon the floor. Thfi head croupier at the roulette table was struggling wildly for the possession of a big steel cash box which contained the bank of which he was in charge, with a bearded Greek of ferocious aspect who was kneeling upon his chest. The dealor at the faro tablo, an oily-looking Armenian; was comfortably seated beneath it, nursing his cash box as though it had been a baby, while in another corner of the room was a little struggling knot of some half "a dozen .persons, all of whom had laid violent hands "upon the small steolbox which contained the bank of the trente-et quarante table, and were all pulling different ways, while the croupier, -whose face had been severely cut and was bleed ing profusely, was lying upon the ground shrieking for help, and, hanging on valiantly to the iron bos by one handlo, acting as a sort of sheet anchor to it. One of the Turkish officers addressed the crowd in Turkish, and another made a little speech in French. " Gentlemen !"* cried the latter. " Any one found to have been using a weapon will be dealt with very severely. You must all consider yourselves our prisoners. Resistance is utterly useless, and I declare this illicit gambling establishment closed by order of Hi3 Excellency Pezzivink Pasha, Minister of Police." Three of the zaptiehs now advanced, and each man carried a sack. Into it they thrust the roulette wheel, the painted cover of the faro table, and the dealing box and the cards and the scoring board used at the game of trente-et- quarante, and the three iron boxes that contained the money of the administration; and then they proceeded to pick up the coins and bank notes with which the floor was strewn. And then the croupiers, bankers, and servants of the administration, having been previously searched, were ordered to leave the place. They were, of course, all well known to the police, and there was no likelihood of their running away. The French-speaking officer of police now seated himself at one of the tables, and produced a portfolio, and one by one took the names and addresses of all present. To those inhabitants of. Pera with whom he was acquainted he gave a friendly nod. One or two of the players were ignominiously marched off by the zaptiehs. When it came to the turn of Mr Brown, the tourist, and hi3 friends, they gave their address at the Hotel de Byzance, and produced their passports. " You will hear nothing more of this/ said the polite Turkish police officer* " Gambling is, as you are possibly unaware, illegal, and we. have to make thesfe little raids occasionally. Good evening!" Mi Brown and his two friends congratu lated each other as they walked back to the Hotel de Byzance. "I think we air uncommonlv well out of it, don't you, sir r" said one, a big Yankee, addressing Mr Brown. " I guess if one of them critturs had laid hands on me, I'd have had to show him what we mean fey 'gouging* in the States. Re markable country, Turkey, sir; That's what they do. They forbid play by their laws, and then they quietly proceed to wink at it, and three or four times a year the police people just raid the Caf6 Plon as you have seen to-night, and some poor devil or other gets six months'imprison ment as a wavning, while the rest of us air allowed to march out with the honours of war, and as for the ' spondoolics,' they air a perquisite of the police people.' That's the system. It's just a rotten country. Wal, here we air at the lio-tel. I guess we had better liquor and retire, for we ain't presentable. My coafs been rippsd up the back, and your collar, Mr Brown, seems to have been torn out by the roots. But that was a noble system, sir, yon in vented, and we owe you a deep debt of gratitood. I am in this city on business for several months more, and shall exploit that system of yours. They'll play just as usual to-morrow night, you know. But to | . morrow morning our names will be in the Levant Herali, and we'll all get an adver tisement for nothing." " Did yoti get robbed?" asked Mr Brown, the tourist. ! " Wal, no," said the American, " I did J not, sir. They tried all my pockets except the sly one of the pants. That was were | my dollars were." j. "I was lucky enough to keep my win nings." I " So was I," exclaimed the third man. , And then the parties called for whiskies and sodas, and went quietly to bed. When Mr Brown was undressing, he found that though his money and his watch were perfectly sxfe, the little packet containing the two coloured diamonds had disap peared. ; Mr Detective-Inspector Bender swore a great oath. " That's a stroke of black bad luck l"-he < cried. "Perhaps it was chance. Perhaps/' he added, "Mr Elias, the Jew, was a smarter man than I gave him credit for being. He may have smelt a rat. If he took the stones he won't send Koja Aratoon toaskforthe money. In any case, I'll-be off by the Orient Express, and I'll just leave the value of the two gems with the , Consul-general. But I'll bring it home to Moreoni Raccoldi and their friends yet, or I'm a Dutchman. "Why, I've actually had the stones in my possession, and I can prove the fact by -just bringing ovei that old Annenian broker to.Bow Street." Mr Inspector Bender left, as he had de termined, by the Orient Express, after a short visit to . the Consulate. And Koja Aratoon "was considerably astonished that Elias, the Jew, made no application to him for payment. "He and the Englishmen must have squared it in some way," he thought. " Anyhow, I've been done out of iny com mission." . . : {To be C<mtinwd: . , 