HOW JAMESON WAS BE- TEAYED. Devolution- by Fboxy. a pack of cowards. TnE Cape Times, tho loading paper of South Africa, writing under date of 4th January, has a scathing artielo directed against tho Uitlanders of joaannesourgt ul wuubu uuur it luja the blamo for tho disastrous ending- to Dr. Jameson's gallant attempt. The following aro tho most striking points in what is roally a serious indictmont : — There is a saying that oae oannot mako a revolution -with ro'sewater. Johannesburg is to bo congratulated on an even more luxurious tourde force. It has made a revolution by proxy. " I am one of those tamo moralists," said ono of tho most eloquent of Irish rebels in a famous peroration, " who hold that liberty is not worth tho spill ing of one drop of blood." Tho revol utionists of the Band agree with Meagher. Thoy havo found that their emancipation from politic/servitude was quite well worth the cost of blood — other people's. For weeks past wo havo been odified by columns of elo quence upon tho wrongs, intolerable to manhood, under which they smarted. Their ultimatum to the Govornmont was doolarod to represent a oharacter of freodom for which 10,000 men wore roady, if forced, to take up arms. With the irony of ooinoidencc, it is to day that a Times artielo is telegraphed declaring that while Mr. Leonard's manifesto asked for little more than the programme adopted by the National Union last yoar, there was this important difference " that thoso who' ondores tho manifesto of 1895 will take the rosponsibility of en forcing it." In reality, it appears, the oxtent of tho stern rosolvo of tho citizen army of 10,000 was to in vito a handful of otlior men to onforce it for thom. Wo owe an apology to tho Kruger Govornmont and to its organs for refusing for a whole night and day to boliovo their statements of this (lain and simplo foot, Wo simply aughed away, as a fantastic fiction, the nows that- Johannesburg had sat inactive for four-and- twenty hours within oarshot, ayo, almost within oyeshot, of tho stubborn struggle of a foW hundred lads to puBb their way into town throughtwo or three thousand Boers ; that thoy had refrainod with a "calmrostraint, porhaps unparalleled in tho rocords of philosophy, from so much aB Bonding out a patrol to re connoitre, Boforo this, wlion an armistico was suggested to thom by tho Boor commandant, it doos not soom to havo ocourrod to thom that an ar mistico which oxcludos the only fight ing part of your belligerents leaves something to bo desired. So tboy made their armistice, saw tho Boors massing at thoir convonienco in Jameson's path, and — mado speeches That was all tlio support " Dr. Jim '' got from thoso " principal residents " who, as ho wroto in his characteristic little scrawl to the Commandant of Marico, had invited him to " nesist thorn in thoir doinand for justico," Colonel Khodes— Jameson, by tho way, liko Mr. Oooil Ehodos, had a brothor in the town — askod tho furious crowd on Thursday ovoning whotlior thoy thought him a our? Soasonod Eng lish offioors who boar tho Distinguished Sorvico Ordor aro gonornlly doomed outsido tlio rango of euoh classification. But, taking tho Band revolutionists in tlio. lump, wo do not wondor that Dr. Jim cursod thom for a pack of cowards, and that tho sympathy of Capo colonists has boon ontiroly transferred to tho man who at least blundorod mag nificently from thoso modols ot a most unmagnificont "calm rostraint." No doubt tho vordiot of pooplo in Capotown on tho cowardice of combat ants in Johnnosburg is opon to obvious rotort. "And thoso bohind oriod 'Forward' and those boforo oriod ' Baok !' " Wo may suppose, and oor- tainly will supposo while wo nan, that thoro woro reasons as yet unknown to account for what looks liko an act of desertion worso than of Gordon at Khartoum ; for Gordon, nftor all, was not just fifteen miles from tbo doors of tho Ministry whioh "invito" him, with railway linos all the way. But while wo tried dnsperately to look for ward to satisfactory explanations, wo oannot say wo muoh liko tho taste of those so far voluntoored. They had had " hopoful mossages." One recalls Gordon's hopoful mossagos from Khar toum : " Can hold out for over," &o.; They " thought ho was getting through all rio- ht." Whv did thov not sond and havo a look? Why, the very womon strolled along to meet him. With that firing going on and on, . ono would have thought, a fow mon would out and try to get near him, if thoy bad nothing hotter than bluudorbussos to do it with! Since Sunday afternoon tho littlo band had boon pressing hard aoross the void. They had had no sloop, thoy had finished thoir food (not proportioned wo supposo, to so prolongoda "calm restraint"), thoy had, at last, fired away thoir cart ridges ; with thirst, and walking, and uttor fng, they wero nodding as thoy wont. And thoy woro bommod in by six to ono of tho Boor riflemen, so woli that tbe total Boer loss is put at two. Thoy had flnng thomsolvos at tbo mass with reakless daring; small parties had been thrown away, ' shot or taken, that the main body might dash past, all to got through and mako the junc tion with thousands of armed men (so thoy desoribe tbemselves) who nevor came ono step to moot them. The thing is simply iuorodiblo. It iB pa- thotio reading, tbe account of the sur render at last, the men flinging them selves on tbo ground to sleep, or greodily munohing the biltong which thoir Boor captors, full of the gonorous comradeship of brave mon for bravo mon, hastened to sharo with them. Even tho Eobinson-Kruger organs ceased to talk about a " rout " and bo- can with haste to take o lower annf and praise their gallantry. Tho streets of Capetown yesterday wore_a ourious sight. People's faces were as gloomy as if ovorybody had lost a near friond — as, indeed, .not a few must have dono. The abstract rights of tho pooplo of Johannesburg are tho samo as over, no doubt — and the re volutionists by proxy say now that thoy aro all to bo ooneodod. But while the caueo is the same, and all Cape colonists support it, you oannot to-day conjure out of Capetown the ghost of aoheerfor tho "Uitlandors" of Jo hannesburg. It may he wrong, but it ia well that Johannesburg should know it, should fool that it lies under a groat and grievous need to olear itself before the world. The whole business is simply in- comprehensibo. The Eofojm Com- mittoo puts the blame on /the High Commissioner's proclamation. Sines tho Imperial Govornmont disavowed Jameson thoy must, ol course, follow suit.- Did they really- expect tho Im perial Government po personally oon- duot their revolution? Tho way the average Johannesbargor talks ovor his drinks novor led us to suppose thnt his political judgment was so fettered by tho proprieties of Downing-stroet. Those people, whoso representatives Invited Jameson In, can they not see that while it was inevitable for ns to disavow, him, it was grotesque for thom ? It was for us to deplore oivil war — whioh is always deplorable. They bad deolared tbemselves ready, if forced, to make it. Yet a procla mation addressed to British subjects when they had just sworn allegiance to tho Transvaal flag suffices to make thom coldly repudiate their ally. Tho Star, whioh has been preaching sodi- tion bravely for a week, aotually con gratulates the foroes of tho Govorn mont on having defeated him, and tho whole of Johannesburg look, on un moved while tho Boers draw on the ammunition in the town for those sup- plies whioh might havo saved Jame son, And then, when the mass of people suddenly realised their, dis- grace, and in a passion of shame and anguish turn on the oommlttee, ono of these gentlemen looks out of a window and declares, like Mrs. -Micaw- ber, that it is no uso asking him, tho committee will novor dosort Dr. Jame son. In conclusion tho Cape Times points out that if tho domands of the Uit landers hayo boen conceded thoy may thank Dr. Jamoson, and that it be hoves Johannesburg boforo it lays down arms to put tho roloaso of Dr. Jameson with full honors of war bo foro ovorylhing olso. 