THE FEAST OF ST. FRANCIS. AT WAVERLEY. Sunday last was a day of special observance in the Franciscan churches, the occasion being the patronal feast of the Order. In each of the three principal churches there was solemn High Mass, besides the usual early Masses, and a special preacher. At St. Charles' Church, Waverley, the celebrant of the High Mass was the Rev. Father Mullan, O.S.F., with the Rov. Father Birch, O.S.F., and the Very Rev. Father TCpnnprlv O.S.i? J»c rinaonn nnri ouVi. deacon. The Itey. Father Gartlan, S.J., preached the panegyric, laying eloquent atrass upon the vir tues which adorned St. Francis, and holding him up as a contrast to the depraved spirit of the present age. Incidentally the preacher, in order to show the special honour accorded to the Seraphic Saint of Assisi, informed his hearers that on the occasion of a Papal election the prayers at the conclave Mass were— first, for the assistance of the Holy Ghost ; second, an invocation of the intercession of the Blessed Virgin ; and thirdly, that of St. Francis of Assisi. At the evening devotions a special sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Gaynor, O.S/F., on the same subject. The discourse was a deeply impressive one. In the couise of his remarks the preacher said that in the rise and spread of religious Orders we might see displayed a providence pro claiming a Divine direction in human affairs. No sooner was society beset with a particular danger, wnenever special vices or heresy threatened the f arm ful, we beheld springing into existence some special effort, some special religious Order Avith a counter acting influence. Thus, in the thirteenth century, an age when materialism had become almost deified, when the sordid pursuit of riches had become more than a passion, the Almighty had decreed to con found and neutralize these vices by their antithetical virtues — the abnegation, the self-sacrifice, and the poverty of St. Francis of Assisi. As the likeness of the father was upon the child, and as the child in herited his character, his genius, his spirit, from the parents, so a religious Order was the reflection of its Founder's spirit and mind, and was destined to carry out the life-work of him whose name was its proud inheritance. AT WOOLLAHRA. The Very Rev. Father Slattery, O.S.F., was the celebrant of the High Mass, assisted by the Rev. Fathers Fitzgerald and Gaynor as deacon and sub deacon. The Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien preached the panegyric of St. Francis. He showed how the spirit of sanctity was manifested from the beginning of the Saints of the Old Testament, raised up as they were by God to be guiding stars to man kind. The preacher proceeded to draw a vivid pic ture of the times in which St. Francis lived, when society was disturbed by domestic and public dissensions, all through an in ordinate love of wealth. The effects of the Seraphic Saint's preaching was then detailed, and his success in transforming society. Reference was also made to the poetic spirit of St. Francis and to his love for all God's creatures, reflecting as they do the attributes of their Maker. The Monsignor laid marked emphasis on the penitential features of the life of St. Francis, and in the light of Gospel teaching made a scathing denunciation of historians like Gibbon who attribute deeds of penance to an over-wrought imagination. Such was the spirit with which Monsignor O'Brien entered into his labour of love, and. such the argumentative force arid eloquence of his sermon, that members of the con gregation were led back in thought to the days of Burke, the beau-ideal of Irish preachers. AT rADDINGTON. The celebrant of the principal Mass was the Rev Father Lawler, O.S.F. ; deacon, the Rev. Father Walsh (St. Canice's, Darlinghurst) ; sub-deacon, Rev. Father Joyce, O.S.F. The panegyric was preached by the Very Rev. Father Nulty, S.J., who presented the salient points of the life of St. Francis in order to show his hearers the Divino purpose of raising up such a personality for the confusion of the vicious and worldy-minded and to convey a lesson of poverty for the glory ef God and the salva tion of man. Father Nulty vividly presented those features in the nature and condition of the saint which are so seldom the precursors of sanctity and evangelic ardour. He was in affluent circumstances, a lover of nature and of art — everything Avhich renders the world dear to the worldling ; yet at the Divine call he renounced his heritage and lifted his natural and artistic ta6tes into graces. Reviled at ? first for the abject figure his poverty made him, condemned as a fool, in a few years his earnestness created thousand of disciples, won the distinguished recognition of the Church, and not only arrested the attention of his contemporaries, but made him an exemplar to the end of time of how nearly a man : may conform to the rule of life, laid down by the Divine Founder of Charity, who if He imposed poverty on those who would serve Him thoroughly, assured them that the yoke servitude was light. 