FALSE EVIDENCE By E. Phillips Oppenheim. Author of “A Monk of Cruta,” “A Daughter of the Maroni,” etc. Published by special arrangement with Messrs Ward. Lock $ Bowden, Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED], CHAPTER XXVI. I "GIVE WABNING. By ten o’olook In the morning I had written a letter whioh o»u«ad me a good deal of trouble and anxiety. It wai to Sir Franoia Devereux :— "The Cottage, Devereux, “ Wednesday morning. " Dear Sir Francis Devereox,— " Yon will, I am rare, agree with me that the revelation of lait evening renders it Imperative on my part to leave Devereux at onoe, or as soon as possible. I mnst ask you, therefore, to aooept this note as an intima tion of my desire to do so as seon as con venient to yourself. "No one cbixld regret mere than I do the necessity whioh has arisen, and I am deeply sensible of all yenr kindness to myself and to my sister. But, under the oironmetinoas, It wonld be, of course, quite impossible for me to remain here as your agent, nor I am snre wonld you wish it. As to the other offer whioh yen were generous enough to make, the answer whioh J gave yon at the time is absolutely irrevocable. "With regard to the attempted burglary here last night and assault upon Miss Devereux, I shall be prepared to give evi dence when the man is charged. There are several matters oonneoted with the estate with whioh I will not now ttonbie yon, but whioh I shall be glad to lay before you or Mr Bensome before I go. My books I am prepared to hand over to my suooesaor er to Mr Bensome at any moment. " Thanking you again for the uniform, and, 1 fear, undeserved kindness whioh I have always received from you, "Itemsin, yours obediently, “ Hugh Arbuthnot. " Te Colonel Slr'Fiancls Devereux, Bart.” Having despatched this, I ordered Black Prince, and rede away to a distant part of the estate to superintend the felling of seme timber. As usual, when going any distance, I took some lunoh in my pooket, and ate it on a stile whilst the men knocked off for dinner. Just as I had lit my pipe and was preparing to start work again—for I was nee afraid of nsing my hands, and need to take a pleasure in getting throngh as muoh as any of the men—I heard the sound of horses’ hoofs on the smooth, wide, velvet sward, and glancing up quickly saw that the whole party from the Gonrt were dose npon tne, all exoept Maud and the elders. I drew beak indifferently to let them pass, and bowed to Lady Olive, who was riding by the side of Francis Devereux. She started when she saw me, and, de'taoh lug herself from the rest of the party, rode over to me. ■> Fanoy coming npon yon, Mr Arbuthnot, and hard at work too 1 What are you doing ? ” “ Catting down trees, Lady Olive.” " Well, yon look in a nioe mess,” she de clared frankly. “What do yon want to work yourself for ? It’s a shame that yon should.” I laughed at her indignation, thinking only that her flashed oheeks made her look uncommonly pretty. “I like working,” I answered. “What would you have me do ? Shack about with my hands in my pookets all day ? ” " I don’t know,” she said, hotly. " But when I think of that idle, lazy yonng Francis dawdling his life away, doing nothing exoept ape a man about town, and then think of yon working hard every day, and remember who yon are, It makes me feel angry. Do yon know, I longed just now to push him out of his saddle. Is wouldn’t take muoh, I don’t think.” I laughed outright, but Lady Olive re mained serious. " Well, perhaps you'll be better pleased to hear that I am going to give np working —here, at any rate,” I said. “ Of coarse I can’t stop now.” . She looked steadily between her horse’s •are, growing a shade paler, and I leaned against the stump of an oak-tree wondering how a riding-habit could have been made to fit so well, and admiring her dainty little figure. “When are yon going?” she asked, anddenly. I shrugged my shoulders. “ As soon as Sir Francis will let me. I ha/e * given warning.”1 She looked down st me, and spoke a little hurriedly, bnt with a frank, sincere look in her flashed faae. " Mr Arbuthnot—I suppose I mast oall yon Mr Arbuthnot—I think yonrs is the saddest story I have ever heard. I want yon to let me tell yon that I feel for yen. as mnoh as any ene possibly oonld do, and I think yon are behaving splendidly, just at I would have my own brother behave if he were in the same position.’’ I felt mere moved even than I should have oared to own, for I was just in that mood when kind words were sweet, and 1 had always liked Lady Olive. " Yon are very good,” I said, warmly. 41 Believe me, it is a great pleasure to me te hear yon oay this.” " Have yon any idea yet where yon are going?” she asked, " or what yon are going to do ?” I ahook my head. " To London, first. And then I shall try and dlioover my father, and get him to let me throw in my lot with his. Somehow I think that I snail end by being a soldier. It’s in the blood, I suppose.” “ Mr Arbuthnot,” she said, frankly, atretohing out her band, "may we not be friends ? I have never asked so mnoh of a man before, bnt, but——" I took her little hand, and did not at onoe release it. “ I shall be always glad to think of yon as ouch,” I said, warmly; “ bnt I’m afraid It Isn’t very likely that we shall meet again after I leave here. My life and yonrs will lie very far apart.” I’m not so rare of that,” she answered, with an attempt at gaiety. “ I’m going to travel abont a good deal next year; and— and Mr Arbuthnot’,” she added, colouring a little deeper, “ I know yon’ll forgive me for saying it, but my father—he’s am bassador at Borne now, yon know—has a good deal of Inflnenoa in London, and especially at the Foreign Offioe, and if there was anything he conld do for yon— oh, yon know what I want, to say,” she broke off, suddenly, and looking away that I might not see the tears in her eyes. "Yon may want to try and get some appointment abroad or something, er even It yon deolded to go into the army, he might be useful to you, and he would do anything I asked him. He is very kind, and—and it wonld make me very happy to feel that we were helping yon a little.” Was it so great a sin that for a moment I longed to draw that tearful little faoe down to mine and kiss it ? I had ntver been in the least danger of falling In love with Lady O’ive, bright and fasolnatlng though ■he was, hot at that moment It occurred to me that the man who won her wonld be a very fortunate man indeed. "Lady Olive,” I said, earnestly, "I •caretly know how to thank yon. I cannot tell you hew much I feel your kindness. 1 shall take yon at yonr word, and write you If ever I need any help, and if I do not 1 shall always like to think of yonr offer.” She smiled down at me beamingly. “ I am so glad you’re not offended. 01 course I shall see you again before yon go, and I will bring yon down a oard with my address In Loudon, Goad-by*. No, ov ■devoir." She touched her hone with the whip and galloped a vay after the otherrf and th< bright winter’s day seemed to me less bright when she had gone. I watohed her ont of sight, and at the bend of the grassy road she turned round in her saddle ana waved her whip. I returned her farewell with my hat, then, when she disappeared, I went baok to my place amongst the men, and worked till the perspiration streamed down my face, and I was obliged to take off my coat and haug it on a branch of a fallen tree. But I felt all the better for It, for it has always seemed to me, as It did then, that hard phyoloal labour is the most magnlfioent relaxation for an over-wrought mind. When the sun set and oar day e work was over, I was stiff and my arms were sore, but my heart was lighter than it had been since this oriais had oome. I stood fi ling my pipe and ohattlng to the foreman whilst one of the labourers had gone for my horse, until he, too, followed the otherB, and I was left alone. At least I thought so, but I was mis. taken. A vsioe, oroaking and weak, al most at my shoulder, suddenly startled me, and l turned round to find an old woman, bent double leaning on her stick, with her bead-like eyes fixed upon me. “Whobe'st you?" Bhe said. “Be you him as they oall the agent ?” I acknowledged that it was so, and that my name was Arbuthnet. "It's alol,” she answered, deliberately. "Dost think that Sarah Milsham knaw’at not a Deverenx when she seest one I Bo’sfc thou Muster Herbert’s son ? God bless him." I looked around anxiously, bat there was not a soul in sight. “ Thou be’st a Son o’ my Mr Herbert” she mnttered. “I knaw’st thou be’st so like him that I thought thee was a ghost, boy. What be’st thou a doing here ? Whares’t thy father ?” “Abroad, mother, since yon know me. l&ho; are yon?'* “ Who be I ?” she laughed, a mlrthleos. unpleasant laugh. “Why, thee hasn’t heard of Sarah Milsham? I nursed your father when he were a baby. What be'at a doing here, bey ? Hast oome to kill Bnpert Deverenx ?” “ He deserves it,” I cried, hotly. "So afore Gad he does,” oried the old hag, tremulously, “ and die he will, for I ha’ seen the mark o’ death upon his fore head. Bat it'll be no by yoar hand, no by yonr hand, boy. What be’at a doing here ? Go to thy father, boy 1 Why hast left him alone ? ” “ I mm going,” I answered. “ Please God I shall be with him before many months.” “Ay, go, boy, go,” she qnivered out, “ and tell him this from me. Tell him that sure as Dsvereux Court is built upon a rook, I, Sarah Milsham, shall live to see him here again. Sure as that limb of hell, Bapert Deverenx, beara the seal of death npon his forehead, so eare the day will aome when the whole country shall welcome him home again, and old Sir Eranoia shall be proud t* own him for his son. Tell him Sarah Mil sham said ao.” She hobbled away into the wood and oommenoed pioking np atloks. I would have followed her, but she held out her hand to prevent me, and would not answer me when I spoke. So I monn'ed Blaok Prlnoe and galloped away homewards. When I entered Marian’s room I b*w that she had a visitor. Sir Franols Deveieux was leaning baok in my easy ohair, laughing J at one of my sister’s quaint speeches, and j she was handing him a oup of tea. 