. POINTS; 7 Tas " seoret society" which has been dis- ; covered at Cambridge University has led the Iionddn Timet to observe that, "tho unlvorsi- " ' ' tios are bound to 'treat the imposition of, tho ' vows on youthsas a serious acadomio offonce" Just bo, cSpociauy when sueh vows " give power to a fellow member, if nuoihwi ' should go to a religious mooting of which no' . disapproved, to fetch him out, or noxt day to tie him to the leg of a table. The recent Olympic gauios at Athens were the Olympie games of old with a difference or two. There were no chariot races and contests) and the noble art of self-defenco was dropped. You see it is so difficult to got quite back to the old days nowadays. Notwithstanding its vast minoral resources Johannesburg does not appear to bo quito a paradise. Thet have a high death ruto from typhoid fever there, wliioh is ascribed to bad water and adulterated milk. A hospital for the humane treatment of animals, with nil necessary appliances, is one of the latest established institutions in London. Specialists havo bsou engaged for enoh branch, which include horses, dogs, and other small domesticated animuls. This is a bettor move than to summons the : owners— poor though thoy may bo— and to fine them for allogod cruelty. Paters rccoivcd by the last English mail show that Mr. 0. Leonard, tho firat of 'the signatories to tho famous lottor to Dr. Jame son, was safe 111 England. He addressed a meeting at Manchester early in April, the chief nnto of his song being that "while tho British wore not liostiio to tho Boers, tho Boers were hostilo to Great Britian." He must bo thanking his luoky stars thai he is not now with Frank Rhodes, . L, Phillips, J. H. Hammond, and G. Farrar, doing five years hard at Pretoria. South Africa bids fair to beeomo a verit able hot bed for raoial difficulties. One of tho factors in the caso is tho British Indian — that sable brother of ours who was very nearly getting admission into Queens land some years ago. The British- Indians, it is said, are to be the governing rnue in Natal, somewhat in .the same position as tho British Uiilnndors are to the governing race in tho Transvanl. In both cases the governing race fears that it may bo swamped by tho outsiders, and desires at any cost to maintain its supremacy. Quito natural. President Faurf, on April 7, signod a decree for reorganising tho Frenoh naval ad- ' ministration. _ There is grim humour in tho. fnct that since 1884 this highly valued department has boon seven times " reorganised. Perhaps with seventy times seven reor ganisations the department will approach perfection. The arbitrary power of so-called adminis trative procedure has, by latest uecouuts, not yet been completely abolished in Russia. It is recorded that quite recently a Russian subject was arrested in his bed at a hotel in St Petersburg, and secretly exiled to a dis tant provinco (Siberia probably) for writing a threatening lotter to the Minister of Finance. On Sunday, April 4, tho museums in Lon don whioh aro under tho dircet control of the Government wore opened for the first time on Sundays. The attendance was fairly large, bnt what is more to tho point, the arrangements wore sueh that not a singlo attendant was ongagod for sovon days consecutively. At last — a flying machine haB been in- . vented— that is a real onu that will work. A apOD many ilyiug maohincs liavo beon mado since mon took to tho idea of flying. But tho diflioulty has always bccu not to got up, but to come down safely. The 50-mile bioyulo race on Saturday was well worth watching. Mines desorved to win, as throughout be rode a hard plnoky race, but young White, who rodo his first rac6 for any distance, also ' deserves a goad deal of praiso. The publio support at tho onrnival was anything but enoournging. ' The departure of tho troops for Lyttoa yesterday caused considerable stir in Brisbane. The Queen's wharf was crowded, and nt the railway stations where tho troops landed there were also largo gatherings. A society has been formed in France, far the object of furthering legislation to counter act the present dimhiution of population. : This has been tho ghost in the 'oupbonrd of LaBcllo France in tho midst of oil her- joys. \ It is all the more a question fraught with anxiety since neighbouring and inimical peoples exhibit startling fecundity. "Were the clement of nnticnal jealousy eliminated from tho problem it might be found thut the small family system'is by no - means un unmixed ovil. The figure out by tbo death-dealing modern armaments of Italy reeontly is significant. Attention has been directed to the con tinued superiority of a foe who dares to come to a hand-to-hand fight. After all it may tranBpiro that Holmes's' aphorism will apply equally to tlie future as it has dono to past history. "The nution which shortens its arms, lengthens it boundaries." , Splendid Suite of Offices, suitable for ; 'bank or insurnnco company, on ground floor, Telegraph Chambers, oil marble corri- dor. The offices aro beautifully lighted and splendidly fitted up. Apply early to Business' Manager. Circulation Goino Uf. Advertisers will plcaso note that tho circulation of tho Tele graph is boyoud doubt the record for any ' paper issued in Queensland. , The Telegraph leads, other papers follow We challenge comparison with auy daily paper in Queensland. , . Please note that tho weakly circulation oi the Telegraph is over 80,000. Everybody knows that advertisers get best value by inserting their advertisements in thl paper with the largest circulation. " Beyond comparison." Tho Telegraph hsi more than double the oiraulation of any other daily paper in Brisbane, therefore advertiBeri :- get more than double the value by advertising init in preference to other daily papors. Try the cheap prepaid advertising columns. Set peoial advertisement. 16 words, one insertion, for SIXPENCE. 16words,tbreeinaetUons, ONE SHILLING, ; 