Beautiful Haunted Wiseman's. Its Blood-Stained Past, And Ghost-Haunted Chambers. OUR illustration of this lovely spot on the rugged banks of the Hawkesbury River shows the bend at Wiseman's Ferry Right in the track of the steamer in the view is the course of the ferry, or rather punt, which takes residents and produce from one side of the river to the other. Round the bend sweeps Mac- donald Creek, one of the most fertile spots of the rich areas of the Hawkes- bury. Up this creek, Mrs. Black, mother of Mr. G. E. H. Black, convey- ancer, recently of Parramatta, had a magnificent orchard. It was here that her huabnnd met with a fatal accident. Many interesting and gruesome stories could be told of Wiseman's Ferry. It was an old convict settle- ment, and the scene of heinous cruelty and barbarity — a place red with the blood of man's inhumanity to man. The grim-looking courthouse, carved out of a huge cave, is still to be seen. The bench and dock are cut out at the end and side of this dismal cavern, where many a wretched convict received his death sentence. Round about are the rocks to which the prisoners were chained like dogs. There was no cover- ing for them; but of a night they were hung on to the end of an iron chain fastened to the rocks. Basins were hewn out of these rocks for the prison- ers to wash in. A few yards further on, the old gal- lows is still to be seen. Two gaunt looking rocks rise up defiantly at each other, and across these is the huge beam from which the prisoners were launched into eternity. Ruins of old fireplaces still mark the scene of desolation and woe. Near by is an old house, which has the reputation of being haunted. Many a visitor has here put in a sleepless night. Mr. F ------, of Parramatta, swears to the place being haunted. "I was down there once with the late Mr. J ----T ,'" Mr. F ---- narrates. Mr. T ---- dropped off to sleep about 12 o'clock; but I had not slept a wink. Strange noises, as of chains rattling, and hideous howling, came from the room adjoining. I listened in fearful suspense. Presently Mr. T ---- woke with a yell. "Light a match ! Quick ! " he shouted. "My bed is being lifted off its legs." I jumped up and struck a match, and found Mr. T ---- in a most excited state, so serious, indeed, that stimu- lants were absolutely necessary. [It is to be noted that we had had nothing to drink before going to bed.] I was in a nice fix. We were in the upper story, and, to get the brandy, I had to go through the room from which the awful noises proceeded, to reach the spirit cupboard. "Well," I said, '"I won't see a man die," and I went out, just as I rolled out of bed, and, with a lighted candle in my hand, I strode across the haunted room. There was no sign of anything. When I was half way through the room, the candle went suddenly out, although the night was as still as possible. Again I lighted it,, and again it went out, and then, with my hair standing on an end and every pore in my skin starting out, I bolted for our host's door. "What's up ?'' said our host, in quite a matter-of-fact way. I could scarcely speak, as I told him of the awful experience we had passed through. "That's nothing," he said, and, by way of consolation, "my friends frequent- ly complain of the same thing. There was a man murdered in the room you're in. I've heard the noises for months, and I'm going to leave as soon as I can." He handed me the brandy, and to my great relief went back with me through the haunted room, up to Mr. T ----. We found him in a fear- ful state of excitement, and Jim was as plucky and game a man as ever breathed. "It's no good offering you another room," said, our host, "they're all the same. The noises and rattling go right through the place." "I'll change beds with you, Alf," said Mr. T ---- , and, agreeing, we de- cided to await developments. As soon as the candle was out, the same horrible clanging of chains and howling set up again. Presently my bed commenced to move, and before I knew where I was, I was hoisted right to the ceiling. An exclamation from me caused Jim to enquire. "Are you going for a ride, Alf?" he asked. "Yes," I replied, "and I've marked the top of the ceiling with my nail!" which I dragged along. In the morning we examined the ceiling, and there was the scratch I had made with my nail, right over my bed. We had to remain another night, as we could not get away. The same thing was again repeated, the same strange noises, and lifting of the bed. We had no sleep for the two nights, and were glad to get away." Mr. F --- relates another thrilling experience of the "Haunted House," as it is called, another old pile of ruins, in which a murder was committed . The roads about Wiseman's, made by the convicts, are worth seeing. Huge walls, rising 80 and 100 ft., are built up along the sides, the same kind of stone- work that can be seen at the North Rocks Reservoir. These solid walls look down over deep precipices, and only the quietest horses can be driven along the road with any safety. Wells, too, were cut out of the rocks by convicts, for catching water for drinking pur- poses. Wiseman's is one of the most weird and picturesque spots in the colony. Its soil is saturated with blood. Its oran- geries produce the finest fruit, and its farm the best maize that goes to market. We had nearly forgotten one par- ticularly interesting sight, the moss covered vault of the first Wiseman. A few years ago the remains of the old man and his three wives were still to be seen lying side by side. The key of the vault used to be kept at the hotel, and the skulls have been handled by visitors many a time, - 