"The Wrack of Heaven." (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.") . The fall of a meteorite, which recently terrified the inhabitants of Madrid, is an instance, in this case on a scale unusually large, and rendered more strik- ing by its occurrence in the midst of a populous city, of one of the most frequent events In nature. Not a day passes but many millions of these bodies reach the earth, though mostly in the form of fine dust, to which they are reduced by the intense heat generated by the violence of their impact on the atmosphere. Were it not so, we should experience in our dally life the horrors of a continual bombardment, and cases such as that lately announced by the tele- graph from Madrid would be of daily and hourly occurrence. Of the nature of meteorites something Is definitely known, but far more remains in the region of theory and conjecture, not to be fully comprehended until the whole order of the universe, and the forces by which its eternal creation still proceeds, shall! be no longer past man's finding out. Who shall sec bounds to the future of our knowledge? The' line of demarcation between that which can be known and that which lies beyond the powers of our inquiry, once sharply drawn, is daily being effaced. No longer limiting themselves to the direct evidence of our senses we have now learnt to look into things in- visible, or visible only, as in one marvellous dis- covery by the light that shines in darkness itself. Meteorites, or shooting stars, as they are fami- liarly called, are mineral bodies of varying form and dimensions which the earth encounters in her journey through space. On entering the atmosphere, which probably extends, though in a condition of extreme rarefaction, quite 200 miles above the surface of the planet, their speed is checked and converted, as in the case of a rifle ball striking a target, into heat. As a result the meteorites become white-hot, are dis- ' solved into vapor, or bursting, as they may be seen to do, fly into fragments. The remaining particles, if any, together with the condensed and resolidified vapor are deposited slowly but surely on, the earth. Their dust is found on the snow of mountain heights and has been dredged from the depths of the Atlan- tic, and dally adds something to the weight and bulk of the earth. Besides this dust, many records exist of the fall of unconsumed meteoric bodies, some of considerable size, and a still larger number have been discovered whose arrival has been unobserved. The "rain of stones" recorded by Livy among the portents expiat- ed by the Roman augurs, probably was the result of an exploding meteorite; and the "image that fell from heaven" and was preserved in the Ephesian Temple of Diana, may have had a similar origin. A very slight resemblance to a human figure, with the aid of pious imagination and perhaps some judi- cious retouching by the priests, may easily havo converted a meteoric stone into an idol. The famous "ancile," the shield cast down by the War-god as a pledge of his goodwill to Rome, may very well be explained as an iron meteorite of more or less disc-like form. An interesting calculation by Professor Newton, the American astronomer, shows that the annual number of meteorites encountered by the earth, ex- clusive oí those too small or distant to be visible, is about 146,000,000,000, or not less than 400,000,000 in every twenty-four hours. Travelling at the velo- city of some thirty miles a second, they would, were it not for the protecting atmosphere, make life on this planet exceedingly perilous and uncertain. The great interest of these meteorites lies in the fact that they come to us from regions beyond our own world. Apart from the mere curiosity of being able to hold in our hands a substance which hag come out of the depths of space, or to wield a weapon forged from unearthly metal, they have great scientific importance. Besides the larger theory in v/hich they hold a place, to be mentioned later, they serve as samples of the outer world, and confirm, so far as they go, the results of spectroscoplo inquiry, which declare the universe to be composed of the same materials as occur in this planet. Since the German philosopher Chladnl, in 1794, directed the attention of scientific men to the subject, nuny opinions have been put forward as to the origin of meteorites. Popular opinion connected them with lightning, and spoke of them as "thun- derbolts"-the "all-dreaded thunder-stone" of the dirge of Imogen. By some they were thought to have been ejected from terrestrial, or from lunar vol- canoes; by others, with greater probability, to have formed part of the outburst of fiery matter that lake their flight from the sun, and doubtless from the other fixed stare. We do not even now know that this view is incorrect. Others, again, imagined the meteorites to con- sist of fragments detached from a planet, broken to pieces either by collision or by the explosion of Its own inner fires; and have even fancied that the first germs of life may have found their way to the earth, when fiiwt it became capable of sustaining them, by means of a vehicle, in the form of a me teor'c fragment derived from some older world. Apart from the great improbability of this lost con- jecture-for What conceivable form of life could sus- tain the chill of interplanetary space, succeeded by the heat of a fiery passage through the terrestrial atmosphere? The rapid motion of the météorites» and the fact that no large bodies of the kind have been observed or encountered, are unfavorable to the theory of their planetary origin. A considerable proportion of meteorites is form- ed by those called aero- si'derltes, which consist partially or wholly of Iron. This iron, generally containing1 In alloy from 6 to 10 per cent, of nickel, is perfectly malleable, its rush through the heated atmosphere, -perhaps, producing the same result as the operations of the puddling 'furnace. Iron from this source was known to mankind long before the art of extracting the metal from its ore was discovered. The earliest known iron weapons are of meteoric iron, which probably in ancient days occurred more frequently on the earth's sunface than at present, the quan tky being since diminished both -by rusting away and hy the very fact of its being eagerly sought out and collected by the earlier races of man. It is remarkable t'hat Iron meteorites are found of a larger size than those of stone. The largest meieoric stone hitherto known is that which, in 18Ö6, fell at Knyahlmja, in Hungary. It weighs 647ib, and is preserved In the Museum at Vienna. On the other hand, meteorites consisting wholly or partially of iron often amount to some thou- sands of .pounds weight. The largest at present known is a mass estimated at 32,0001b, found in the Gran Chaco Gualamba, in South America. In Australia the great Cranbourne meteorite was discovered In 1861 near Melbourne. The best known iBritish specimen is the Rowton mefeorite, of no great size .(about 7'Vfclb), but in teiesting as one of the few that have been seen to fall and collected while still warm, unaltered by the effects of time and weather. A peculiar rumbling, followed by an explosion as of a heavy piece of arblMery, was heard. The iron pene- trated to a depth of d8 in Into the soil, and was extracted within an hour of its fall. Its surface, except where it »truck the ground, was covered, as is usually the case, with a varnish-like crust cause i by the partial fusing of the surface. (Probably the reason of the stony meteorites be- ing smaller than those of 'Iron is to be found in the fact that the former material would become fea le to ed to an ash iby a heat Which In the case of the metal .would onily have the effect of melting and 'probably of vaporising a portion of the sur- face. Also the stone would be liable to fly to pieces; while the tenacious metal would expand without losing its continuity. Upon a close 'investigation of the nature and movements of meteorites was (founded the famous theory of the constitution of the heavenly bodies which will long remain associated with the name of Norman Lockyer. This theory, or, rather, hypothesis, for it cannot claim to be more, has found wide acceptance, and as it contains nothing inconsistent with known facts, may yet prove to be, if not the solution, at least a valuable contri- bution towards the solution of the vastest pro- blem that has evev engaged the intellect of man. Let us endeavor very briefly to set forüh its lead ' ing principles. It is known that meteorites have a tendency to collect in swarms, and that some of these swarms form closed rings travelling in elliptical orbits round the sun. Twice a year, in August and in November, the earth's orbit passes through these meteor paths, and at those times shooting stars are frequent. One of these swarms of meteors follows the precise track of Schiapa rolll's comet, and it was inferred that a comet consists of a mass of meteors rendered luminous or incandescent by continual collision together. This view of the origin of a comet is now gene raiiy emertainea. out tne meteoritic tneory, as it is called, goes further than this, and maintains that all self-lurainou»s ibodies in the heavens are composed of meteorites or masses of "vapor pro- duced by heat brought about by condensation of meteor swarms due to gravity," and that the dis- tinction between isuns or stars, comets and nebu- lae is not "one of kind, but of the degree which their formative processes have reached. The spectroscopic analysis of meteorites at dif- ferent temperatures-'the lower corresponding with those of nebulae and comets, the higher with those of red or yellow »tars, while no heat we have means of producing can represent that of thn white or bluish stars-affords a,remarkable confirmation of this view. When sparsely clus- tered, the meteorites are regarded as forming ne- bulae, the white, cloud-like forms seen among the stars in a clear sky. lA nebulae which comes within our system, and drawn by the sun's at- traction, swings round him in elliptic flight, be- comes a comet. Let the meteorites become more closely assembled, and their impact, aided by the gravity of the collected mass, more frequent and more violent, and we have a star of greater whiteness and brilliancy as the vaporisation of the meteorites proceed and their incandescence becomes more perfect. In the oalse of our own sun, the pale glow of the so-called zodiacal light, and the converging trails of faintly luminous matter perceived around his orb during a total eclipse, are thought to proceed from streams of meteorites gathered out of surrounding space hy his attraction, and serv- ing, by the heat of their impact at tremendous velocities upon the sun and upon each other, to replenish in some degree hi's fires, and to postpone, If only by a little, the far-off day when a cold and, darkened orb, ringed by the ghosts of his dead worlds, shall be all that remains of the glorious and life-giving sun. Not that this need be his final doom. We know that he hastens, and we with him, towards an unseen, far-off goal. There, perhaps, millions of ages hence he may impinge, with countless other Suns, on some great central star, contribut- ing to a vaster flame a more perfect glow of heaven-wide glory, compared with which his present radiance Is but the glitter of a shooting star. C. P. President Cleveland recently signed a procla- mation formally admitting Utah as a State to the American Union. The proclamation, while not interfering with marriage tle3 already contracted under the system of polygamy existing in the State during the rale of the IMormons, prohibits for the future any 'man with a wife or wives marrying another woman. 