[?] [?] J IB QUEST OF I GOLD. j \ A 8TORY OF THE j f TRANSVAAL. I I landed in Port Natal with golden hopes in my breast and eighteenpence in i my pocket. The hopes and the pence ! vanished quickly. There happened to : be a wave of hard times in the colouy ; just then .and everybody was grumbl- ing. Gold was said to be plentiful up country, hut I had no means of getting there. I knocked about for a day or two, and when my last copper was gone I was lucky enough to run across the proverbial friend, in need. He was an Englishman named John Garwood, a big, red-bearded chap, with the build of au ox. I soon saw that he was close- fisted and hard at a bargain. It wasn't much of a chance that he offered me, though I was mighty glad to take him up. He had been in the colony for several years, and so far had met with poor success. But he was goiug to stake his little all on a search for gold away up beyond the Trans vaal, and as I had nothing to chip in for a partnership he agreed to take me along as a hired helper. I was to get a few shillings a month, whether we struck it rieli or poor. It was a one sided contract, but I was not in the posi tion to kick. Garwood's outfit consisted of a strong waggon and eight seasoned bullocks, a tent, two rifles, a brace of revolvers, and a lot of mining tools. For driver he hired a wizened and tough little Hottentot, who was about 40 years old, and knew every part of the colony. I took a mistrust to Janka from the first, for he had a wicked eye that could never look one straight in the face. He was a fair blacksmith and waggonwright, a dead shot, and an un tiring hunter. Garwood had picked him up at Pletermaritzberg and he admitted that he had a reputation for impudence and laziness. "Don't you worry," he said to me be fore we started. "I know how to manage these blacks. Janka is too valuable to part with, an as long as I am his master lie will behave like a faithful dog." "I don't deny it," I replied. "You know the ropes out here, and I'm only a green hand. But his looks are against him." So we three started north, and I won't lire you with an account of the long journey. At the end of two months wo crossed the Limpopo River, and the Transvaal was behind us. Ahead was a wild and beautiful country, but little known in those days. Garwood was as fearless a man as. ever lived, and though it was a darlug and foolhardy thing to do, we pushed right on into the land of the Matabeles. You know what lively scrimmages the Chartered Company had there. At that time the savages were more bitter to-' wards white men than now, and we located our camp In the saftest place we could find. It was part , way up a little valley ,and in among thick timber. There were tall mountains light and left, and a bit of a stream brawled by the tent. And, if you'll believe me, that stream turned out to be chock full of gold. I could 'hardly find it to-day ,and I reckon no one else has stumbled on it yet. Ah, what a time we had ! Garwood and I cradled the pools from morning to night, and the canvas bag of shiny nug gets grew heavier and heavier. And it all belonged to him by the terms of the contract. I felt pretty sore, I can tell you, but I worked on and kept my mouth shut. So did Garwood, and I calculated he would drive his bargain to the last letter. I had no reasons. You see he was a grum, close-mouthed sort of chap, and it was all work and sleep with us. No pipes and cheery talks around the supper fire. It was a mouth, more or less, that we stayed in that lonely nook of Matabelc- land. Every night there was a fresh heap of nuggets to shovel into the bag. No savages came near us, and we saw no trace of any. We lived royally, for the Hottentot was a rare good hunter; and Janka was on his good behavior, I'm bound to say. He was as meek as a lamb, and when he sometimes saw ns fingering the gold he would look at it stupidly and carelessly, as though the shiny nuggets were no more to him than so much dirt. Ah, he whs a cun ning rogue if ever there was one. One night, when the canvas bag was so full that we could ha idly tie the mouth shut, a queer tiling happened. We awoke In the morning to fiud our two rifles gone. They had been car ried off from our very sides. We hunted all around, hut it was uo use. Garwood knew mighty little of spoor ing, and I knew less; so we had to rely on Janka. The Hottentot had a ready solution for the mystery. He pretend ed to discover signs of naked feet in the trampled grass around the tent, and declared that two savages had stolen the rifles in the night; then he crept off into the jungle like a cat, promising to track the thieves, and intimating that he might bring our property back before evening. Naturally we had little hope of that. I suspected the black scamp, though I don't know just why. I hinted as much to Garwood, but he only laughed at me. Then he looked sober, and said that the Mata- bele had likely stolen the rifles to make us defenceless, and would be coming to take our lives next. We counted it lucky lhat our re volvers were left. They had likely es caped attentiou, being fastened to our belts while we slept. We loaded them carefully before we trudged up the stream to where we were working. We did not do much that morning, owing to a heavy sense of danger that damped our spirits. We watched and listened a good bit in between the cradling, and at dinner time, finding we had forgotten to bring our lunch, we struck back to camp. Janka reached the tent just as we did, only from the opposite direction. He looked fagged out, and his feet and body were scratched by thorns. He was empty handed, except for his cus tomary spear. "Where are our rifles?" Garwood asked, sharply- "You are a pretty fel low to send after thieves!" "They had much start, baas," said the Hottentot, In a sullen tone. "Vul tures ou the wiug could not have over taken them. I followed their spoor to a Matabele kraal yonder," pointing to the west. "The dogs of thieves had en tered the gate. I lay hid close by in the bushes and listened. I heard much talk and saw many things. At noon day all the fighting warriors of the kraal will start for the white men's camp to slay them. They will be here by the falling ofthe sun." Janka looked us straight In the eye as he spoke. His words and manner bore the stamp of truth. Though I be lieved him capable of any villainy, I would have sworn that now he was not lying. "How many are coming?" demanded Garwood, paling under his bronze skin. The Hottentot lifted both hands and rapidly closed and opened his fingers a dozen times. "That many, baas." "It's safe to count on half \a hun dred," muttered Garwood, turning to me. "We're dead men if we st&£ here; ay, and we're as good as dead anyway, for these blacks will track us like fiends. It's a slim chance." "But worth the trying," I replied. "If we start at once, we can cover a good many miles by evening. The oxen are in prime condition." Garwood nodded. "We're leaving a dozen fortunes behind," he said, glancing regretfully at the stream. "And taking one with us," said I. He looked sharply at me for a couple of seconds, and I knew he was asking himself if I expected a share of the gold. I had not. meant it that way, and I blushed with confusion. Then he understood, and his eyes dropped. "We'll be off at once," he said. "Our only chance is to keep ahead of the Matabele until we reach the Limpopo." With that we fell to work. Janka lent us a hand, but every now and then lie was taken with a fit of shiver ing. Either he was mortally scared for his life, or it was the finest bit of acting I ever saw. Well, we got off in short order, and as soon as we were clear of the valley the bullocks went rattling over the grassy veldt, with the waggon swaying and bouncing behind. Garwood and I lay. in the i-ear end, watching every hill crest and clump of shrub, and listening to the crack of the Hottentot's whip. But. to make a long story short, the Matabele did not show up.- We tra velled hard all that night aud well into the next forenoon before we ventured on a few hours' halt. We were off again at sunset, and two days later we sighted the Limpopo, and crossed at a fording. We felt safe now, and were even a little ashamed of our hasty flight But we did not dream of going back. We had had quite enough of the perilous country of the Matabeles. We took our time on the long journey through the Transvaal, heading in a direct route for Port Natal. From what few words Garwood let fall, I surmised that he was going home to England with his fortune. I felt pretty blue over my own prospects. The wages that were due me would last but a short time after reaching the coast, and if the times were still dull I might have trouble in finding employment. I'm afraid I bad some bitterness to wards Garwood, for I knew he had driven a hard bargain with me. He was as glum as ever, and we found each other's company pretty monotonous. We had pushed on after sunset be- cause the Vaal river was not far ahead, and we hoped to out-span there before midnight. Garwood was squatted In Dutch fashion against the tail-board, smoking the last crumbs from his to bacco box. I was stretched across the bed of the waggon, directly behind the driver's seat. My bead was pillowed on the bag of nuggets, and my eyes were half-closed. Twice I saw Janka give me a quick glance over his shoulder, aud when he did it a third time my old mistrust came to life again. I lay still, peeping from under my eyelids, and wondering what it meant. That was where I made a mistake, though I can't say I regret it. All at once Janka swung round, and swift as lightning jerked my revolver out of my belt. With a twist of his hand he reversed the weapon, and brought the butt heavily down on my forehead. Though dizzy with pain, I gave a loud cry aud struggled to my knees. I saw Garwood spring up, reaching for his pistol, and just then the Hottentot fired. The ball sang by my ear, and Garwood threw up his arms and fell backward out of the end of the waggon. I staggered to my feet, and, whipping out my hunting-knife, faced Janka as he thrust the pistol Into my face and pulled the trigger. The chamber either missed fire or was empty, and before I could take advantage of the opportunity the wiry little Hottentot dropped the weapon and jumped squarely down on me. "The gold! The gold!" he screamed shrilly. "It is all mine, baas, for you are a dead man!" I was accounted pretty strong in those days, but the dizzy crack on the head had put me at a disadvantage. Moreover, I had lost the knife. As I went down I gripped the Hottentot as best I could, and for a couple of min utes we thrashed over the waggon bed, locked tightly together. I was grow ing weaker all the time, and I gave myself up for lost. Janka was crazy with rage and greed, and his skinny muscles were like iron. His purpose was to get at my throat and throttle me. The bullocks were moving slow ly, but all at once they bellowed and broke into a gallop, and I heard the roar of a lion off to one side. The waggon began to sway and pitch furi ously, and Janka and I were flung from side to side. What came after that is a bit hazy. In a minute, like a flash, the waggon was over 011 its sde, and I heard the bag of nuggets rip through the hood. The Hottentot was undermost now, but I was too weak to hold him there. He would soon have twisted loose, I'll warrant, only he didn't get the chance. The waggon had been bumping along on Its side, and of a sudden it took a header down a stony bank. There was rushing water at the bottom, and into it we went — waggon, bullocks, and all. I was clean under before I could open my mouth, and then I had sense enough to hold my breath and kick. The current must have washed me out of the end of the waggon, for I came to the top of the river— it was the Vaal, as you have likely guessed— and saw the shore a litle way off. I gained it by swimming and wading, climbed up the bluff to a patch of grass and fell down in a dead faint. It was early dawn wheu I came to and I felt pretty chipper, except for the painful bump on my head. The river was a yellow flood, and there was no sign of bullocks, waggon, or Janka. I was a little below the top of the bank, and when I scrambled up, I was the most surprised and delighted man you ever saw. The bag of nuggets lay a few yards off, and standing beside It was John Garwood. He had a bloody bandage around his head, and I took him for a ghost at first. "I thought you were dead !" I cried. 'It was a close shave," he answered, "but the bullet only ploughed my scalp. I've been lying back here on the veldt all night. Where's Janka and the team?" I told him my story, and his face grew as soft as a woman's. "You're a . brave fellow," he said, "and I havn't treated you squarely. But it ain't too late to make amends. You saved the gold, and half of it is yours." "I won't take it," said I. "You will," said lie, and as his voice had the old stubborn ring, I didn't argue the matter. The Vaal being rapid and swollen, we knew it was no use to look for the team, nor did we doubt that Janka's drowned body was tangled in the wag gon. We bought a cart and bullocks from a Dutch farmer, and made our way down to Port Natal. The bag of gold didn't hold exactly a fortune, but it gave each of us a tidy little sum. Garwood went home to England with his. I bought a farm here iu Natal, stocked it with cattle and sheep, and put up the buildings. That's how I got my first start, and I've prospered ever since. —Correspondent "Peck's Sun." 