O'FARRELL, AND THE " KIAMA GHOST." It was during Mr. Parkes's first term of office that Henry James O'Farrell shot his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, then on his first visit to Sydney. The event caused a profound sensation throughout the whole of the British dominions. In Australia it produced something like a freuzy of horror, alarm, and indignation. The incident oc- curred at Clontarf on March 12, 1868. The Duke was present at a picnic on behalf of a fund for build- ing a Sailors' Home in Sydney. From a distance of about six feet O'Farrell fired at the Prince with a re- volver. The bullet entered a little to the right of the spine, traversing thecourse of the ribs to theabdo nien. The victim of this outrage recovered, and for the attempted assassination O'Farrell was hanged at 'Darlinghurst on the 21st of the following month. From this deplorable piece of fanaticism sprang fierce sectarian and racial animosities that long divided dif- ferent sections of the community, and exercised a powerful influence on the whole current of political life. The action taken in connection with the trial and execution of O'Farrell by th© then Colonial Secretary rendered him throughout almost the re- mainder of his life on object of the bitterest hatred to the culprit's fellow-countrymen and co-religionists. Mr. Parkes always maintained that the Prince's assailant was perfectly sane, and that he was the agent of others in his dastardly act. He publicly told his constituents at Kiama, six months after the exe- cution of O'Farrell (he had made substantially the same statements on two previous occasions) that he held In his possession evidence, attested by affidavits, proving that not only was the assassination of the Prince planned, but that some one, who had n gviilty knowledge of the secret, and whose fidelity was sus- pected, had been foully murdered; that thc intended assassination was known to the Government previous to the arrival of his Royal Highness in Sydney; that tn consequence of this knowledge extraordinary pre cautions were taken by the Government for the pro- tection of the Prince; and that the crime for which O'Farrell was executed was the result of a conspiracy or organisation in this country. These statements produced a profound sensation. They after- words bore the nickname of .the "Kiama Ghost," and it was many, many years before the ghost was laid. Nearly four years afterwards, when Mr. Parkes came before his constituents In East Sydney for re-election, on forming his first Ministry, Mr. W. B. Dalley (afterwards the Right Honorable) came forward and denounced him in one of the most scathing speeches that had ever fallen from the lips of that brilliant orator. He publicly charged Mr. Parkes with having promulgated statements of the attempted assassina- tion of the Duke of Edinburgh which were entire. absolute, and unqualified falsehoods. Never was the kindly, generous nature of the gifted Dalley moved to greater wrath and indignation than over the elevation of the author of the "Kiama Ghost" to the position of first Minister so soon after what Dalley regarded as a deliberate slander upon a large section of the community. Yet, though he was boiling over with indignation ashespoke, his versatility enabled him to make merry over the Premier's pecuniary mis- fortunes. "There is one thing," said Mr. Dalley, "in which the supremacy of his ability will be univers- ally acknowledged. He has a gigantic genius forin debtedness. But is not his genius disproportionate- ly large for the country? If he lives long enough, he will rule over a nation not of admirers and friends, but of creditors." Dalley's ' attack failed, as he knew it would. Mr. Parkes was re-elected. A select com- mittee of the Legislative Assembly had reported ad- versely to Mr. Parkes at the time of the O'Farrell case; but the House itself by a large majority re- jected the report, and, amid great excitement and enthusiasm, endorsed his actions. When the result was announced the majority who had voted for the adoption of an amendment moved by Mr. Parkes himself on the original motion, sprang excitedly to their feet, and sang "God Save the Queen." It was 3 o'clock in the morning when the decision of the House was made known, and tho cheers inside the Assembly were taken up by a large crowd of Mr. Parkes's admirers outeide, who had waited to learn tho result. It is not too much to say that the O'Farrell incident, from the profound effect lt exer- cised upon the public mind, materially influenced the subsequent career of Mr. Parkes. 