WHENr shall we get such a method of. pre senting the national accounts that there will be no opening left for cavil as to their precise meaning? Ever since we can remember anything, Colonial Treasurers when submitting their budgets have been set upon by all the ex-Treasurers in Parlia inent. Their figures were alleged to be cooked and false, their surplus a fraud and a delusion, their deficits understated by anything from thousands up to millions, tbheir estimates the baseless fabric of a vision, and themselves the biggest botchers and schemers that ever hypnotised an unfortunate country to its ruin. The tale of partizan detraction is never wholly told there is always "to be continued" written at the end of it; and the succeeding budget, no matter what its nature, is certain to bring all these arithmetical critics indignant and spluttering to their feet. When Mr. Reid asked Parliament to consent to a change in the system of making up accounts so that each year's revenue and each year's expenditure should stand, the one against the other, instead of the system of over lapping accounts which nobody could disentangle, we were hopeful that at last all this bewildering jangle of expert and pseudo ejxpert criticism would be heard no more, and.that, the figures being plain and on a cash basis, there would be no more conten tion regarding the doctoring of the finances. But evidently the old game was too valuable to the gamesters to be abandoned, and within the last few days all the hoary indictments about moneys wrongfully abstracted from one account and villainously credited to other accounts, and of real deficits being thus artfully and unscrupu lotssly converted into paper surpluses, have been resurrected. At the protectionist meeting on Monday night held in the Protestant Hall, Sydney, both Mr. Lyne and Mr. See vigourously pooh-poohed the notion that there was any such thing as a surplus. They hard staked their reputation as political and financia! prophets on a huge deficit. Indeed Mr. Lyne w'ith singular temerity, seeing how near the budget was, wrote a trinmphant letter to a Melbourne newspaper, asserting, without any qualifica tion,'that the country was going at double quick march to the dogs or the devil, and that, of course, the next few weeks must bring the cleverly concealed facts to light. Now, as Hosea Biglow once recommended, "don't never prophesy unless you know," is a prudent motto, but having made his prediction openly and deliberately it behoved the leader of the Opposition to discredit the budget speech and somehow show that if this and that were taken from one side of the ledger and entered on the other the announced surplus would vanish like a ghost at cock-crow and leave a horrific deficit in its place. As far as we can understand the baffling jugglery of the figures flung confusedly into the air by the Opposstion critics they want to set aside the cash-basis system and bring back the Dibbs deficit into the accounts of r895-6, and so, by smothering them under liabilities incurred under the regime of some of these discon tented critics, be given an opportunity of declaring that Mr. Reid's management of affairs hasbeen a failure. In 1889 an Act was passed, chiefly at the instance of Mr. :M'Millan, to fund the old deficiency, and Treasury bills were authorised to be raised to clear it off in annual instalments of Ja5o,ooo. Similar arrangements were emade with respect to certain railway debts. A.ltogether the burden laid upon current revenue towards the gradual extinguishing of these old liabilities was £25o,ooo per annum. Apparently, for the complete tossicking out of the facts calls for expert acquaintance with the national balances, these annual obligations were not paid for several years, so that when the cash system was introduced on the authority of a special Act passed last session there was an accumulated charge on their account of a little over £I,ooo,ooo. This million the Opposition insist should be met in one lump from last year's income, whereas Mr. Reid reasonably holds that he cannot honestly be held responsible for the bad management of his predecessors. He is willing under the terms of the Act to meet the obligation debited against his own year, and has in fact met it. Of course all this is a matter of book-keeping, but if the Opposi tion could force Mr. Reid not only to pay his own annual contributiori of ,50o,ooo towards the old deficit; but to debit the unpaid contributions of I89r, I892, 1893, I894, and the first half of s895 to last year's accounts,. there would be a balance-sheet which would, by some not too delicate straining of honesty, enable them to point to a'book-keeping deficit of nearly £S800,000. As a matter of fact this is what Mr. Lyne is straining every nerve and muscle to accomplish, and it is in a more elaborate form what we may expect to see presented in Parliament when the budget debate is resumed. Mr. Reid fore saw the Opposition plan of campaign and took the precaution to meet and defeat the tactics at the very outset of his speech. He went pretty fully into the much-talked-of million, and so, as far as fairly- balanced and unbiassed minds are concerned, disposed of it. If, therefore, the Opposition cannot discover anything more amiss in the budget than this their cannonade will do little harm beyond deafening the community with explosive clatter. If we except this dreary raking over of dry, fusty financial material, which every ex-Treasurer will claw over in his own particular way, the speeches at the late protectionist outburst were of the same obfuscated order to which the leader of the Opposition has accustomed us. For sheer vacuity some of the conclusions arrived at will take some beating. The assumption that all we require is a big enough tariff sounds oddly in view of the experiences of the protectionist colonies in the Australian group; but before a man can be a thorough, out-and-out restrictionist he must cultivate a capacity for ignoring adverse facts and qualify himself to build a towering chateau en Espagne on the narrowest of foundations. No doubt Mr. Lyne would find ground for satisfaction in the fact that a duty on wax matches in Victoria has had the effect of "encouraging" the production in Victoria of these necessaries of civilised existence, and has thus created employ ment for labour. It may be granted that the industry has thus been created and that some labour has in this way been furnished employment; but that is not the whole story. One could grow pine apples and black Hamburg grapes on the top of Mount Kosciusko if he did not stint the cost of glass houses and heating apparatus. There is another side to the question, which an in corrigible protectionist would simply decline to look at. The Victorians pay /,4,ooo annually to secure the local manufacture of their matches; of this, 0g9ooo goes to the limited liability company in England which runs the match-making factory, and 5o000oo goes to local labour. 'Ihus to secure-the distribution of 5s amongst Victorian match makers, the Victorian community taxes itself to the extent of s5s. We do not want such expensive industries here. It will be time to take them up when there is a little more prospect of the community getting something like full value for its sacrifices. 