CHAPTER XII. A TERiilBLF, NIGTIT. Tho boatswain, who was at the stern coiling flown a rope when the men came aft, ran to the break of the poop, thinking there was a row on, and if that was so he would certainly have to bo reckoned with, and that reckoning would not he altogether an easy ono. He was a formidable customer, while his appearance certainly suggested that it would take some thing more tangible than a ghost to frighten him. ■ Rossotti, the Italian steward, who had rushed on deck, had flopped on to his knees When he heard about tho ghost, and was pray ing to tho Virgin to protect him ; while Chib blos and Sherard were below in the cuddy looking after tho grog, as it had l>ooii arranged that ail the liquor on board was to be under their control. " Well, you're a precious lot of skunks, you are," growled the boatswain in deep bass gut tural tones as descending the poop ladder ho strode forward and into tho fo'c'sle, but saw nothing in the shape of a ghost. Coming aft again he rated tho hands for llioir cowardice. "Strikes me, boys," he said "that there ghost was more scared than you are, for it skiddadled." And ho laughed satirically. There was a general exclamation amongst the crow that they had certainly seen a ghost, and not until the sceptical boatswain led tho way did they show any disposition to go for their pannikins. The skipper and second mate followed thora, hut the mate and the steward remained on the poop, the la tter still engaged in his appeal to the virgin. By the time they gained the fo'c'sle the ghost had 110 doubt be come invisible. Tho slush lamps were lit, but they quite fa led to reveal the presence of any thing in human form less tangible than those weather-beaten shell batiks, who never shrank from Death when he threatened them, in ; storm vexed ooast, in raging sea, and howling winds, and tho other hundred ways in which he familiarises himself to sailors; and yet they showed fear at what thoy were pleased to term a ghost, as children do at tho cry of bogey. But sailors are strange beings, and they have a far greater dread of the creation of their own imaginings than thoy have of storm winds and raging main. The boatswain chaffed them mercilessly. The skipper remained silent. Ho was not quite free from superstition himself, hut lie concealed it, ' Chibbles and Hhftrard had run forward on hearing the hubbub, and thoy joined the boats wain in ridiculing tho crew. Tho men stuck to their guns, however, and "Gummy" and "Ginger," the Papuan boys, declared that thoy too had seen it, and they were authorities on ghosts, for their native country swarmed with them. Thero were all kinds,* good and bad, and the great sorcerers of Papua could summon up spirits at any time. So there was no mistake about it. Those Papuan boys knew what ghosts wore, and could not bo mis taken " Well, look here, shipmates," said the boatswain at last " if you v/arit your grog you'll bettor lay aft and get it, or blow 1110 if you shall have it at all." As the ghost had certainly taken himself off, tho men wore not disposed to lose the ehanoo of getting a tot, so they seized their pannikins and went to the cuddy door where the rum was served to them. Some tos ed it off with a gulp, hut others carried it to their sleeping place. where thoy lighted their pipes, and as thoy sat on their seaehests in the dim light of the swinging slush lamps, they talked about the ghost; and about omens, signs, and various other things of the kind in which they had a thorough belief. The boatswain might chaff them as much as he liked, but if he had seen it, ho would have been just as scared as they were. At least that was the generally expressed opinion. Kight bolls struck; tho watch was shifted, aud when the watch below came off dock they speedily turned in, and were soon asleep. There was no moon that night. The heavens were clouded over, and tho wind almost en tirely died awav. What there was came in puffs, hot as the blasts from a furnace. The. skipper was anxious and watchful. He kept his eye on the barometer, which was falling raoidly. Ho.tested .the temperature of the sea. Ho tried for soundings, but thero was no bottom reached with sixty fathoms out. He had a look-out in tho fovetop and one at the jiblioom end, and each was particularly cautioned to kee.p his weather eye open for broken water, but none was reported. Tho skipper would not go below. He, tho boat swain, and the second mate, whose watch_ it was, kept on the poop on the alert for anything there was to lie seen, or anything there was to he heard. But sea and sky were inky blank. Never a star shone, and the blackness of the waters was only partially relieved by a sudden outburst of phosphorescent glow, while the track of a shark could now and again bo traced by the glow the brute caused as he moved lazily through the deep. Ohibhios and his friend were also on deck, liut they lolled on the after skylight and smoV'd in silence. The atmosphere was heavy, and the sultrin *»s induced tr» Janguid lisst, ft was ono of t'n >se w.iird, mysterious sort of nights often experienced in the tropics, when tlio silence is maddening, and the, sug* festivoness of fiomothing about to happen egets a peculiar nervous restlessness. Nature seems sullen and brooding, and it is impossible to suppress a feeling that she may suddenly leap mto demoniacal anger and scatter things. . The little wind there was gradually died away and fell to a dead calm. The sultriness increased. The sails hunar motionless against the masts, save when tho vessel rolled or pitched to the swell, thon thoy flapped with a great sound, as if they woro^afigry at having been, disturbed. Blocks rattled and sheaves creaked as ropes were drawn taut or slackened by the flapping sails. Hut there were pauses, during which there was an absolute, a death like sileiioe; when the ship might have been a. s!iip of death, sailing motionless on a stagnant soa towards tho soundless land of eternal night. Suddenly Shorard half started up from his reclining position, and said hurriedly and in a whisper as he pointed for'ard— " Look there, what is that?" There were two binnacles on the poop-^-ono for tho steersman just in front of tho wheel, tho other for'ard of tho cuddy skylight and near the poop rail. The lamps of this binnacle threw -a halo of light round about it; and creeping along near enough for the light to shine upon him was a man—a man with an awful face, a face so white, so ghastly, so hag gard, that itpnight have lieon tho face of one who had liecn iiniiiurcd alive in a tomb, and hail just burst out after enduring unspeakable horror. He crawled stealthily along to tho •spot where the skipper, tlio second mate, aud the boatswain stood together. By this time Sherard- and dribbles were keenly on the alert and were sitting bolt Up right. Then, prompted by the same motive, which occurred to them .simultaneously, thoy leapt forward, Tliey thought the man crawl ing along so stealthily was bent on evil—that his object was to assassinate one of tho three mom So they seized him, and instantly thoro was a dramatic scene, "Oh, don't hurt me, don't hurt mc," moaned the wretch. "Here, bring a light, here," bawled tho skipper to the watch, and in a briof space of time a man came running from the waist of the ship with a lantern, the light of which was directed full upon the face of tho captive man, when the sailor who was holding tlio lantern cried out in mortal fear " That's tho. ghost I tho ghost !" "Ghost lie blowcd," growled the boatswain ; "that's Jim Brinton, the missing hand." "Yes, eapt'n, that's me," muttered Jim in piteous accents. "And, oh God, eapt'n, I'm Starving. Give lis a nqure meal." "Bring him down here," said the. captain, indicating that "down here." was tho cuddy. So tho wretch was bustled down the companion way. and then it was noted how horrible ho looked. His faco made, oven strong men almost shudder. He had no need to tell them he was hungry. "I think," remarked the Gap tain, "we had I(Otter put the irons on the follow," "Oh, 110, no; don't do that Oap'n," ho moaned. "I'm as weak as a cat. I won't harm any one. But give me something to cat for the sake of heaven, then I'll toll you about it." It was impossible to resist Iris appeal, and tho second ma,to was ordered to go to the steward's pantry, for the steward had turned in, and see what, he could procure. He soon returned with some salt pork, captain's bis cuits, and a lump of cheese. These things wore placed before Brinton, who devoured them like a wolf, and ho washed tho food down with a tumbler half full of rum which Shorard brought to him. By the, timo he had finished some faint colour had come hack to his cadaverous face, and his dull leaden eyes weTO somewhat brighter. "Now then," exclaimed the Captain sternly, as ho seated himself at tho head of the table, while the stalwart, boatswain stood guard over the shrinking wretch, "what have you got to say?" " Well, T'vc got to say this, C'ap'n,"hc. began with a little more boldness as though t.ne meal he had partaken of had braced him up, "I ain't been a saint, you know, but what I done I done in self-defence. When I hoard that gun fire from the rnan-a'-war I know'd they'd eomo arter me, so I erc.pt down through the booby hatch in tho fo'c'stle and stowed myself away in an empty water-tank there is there, and that is tho reason I wasn't found. I de termined to keep there till you was well clear of the Queensland coast. But hunger drovo mo out, and I got in the fo'c'stle again, think ing my shipmates would deal fair with me; but the bloomin' dunderheads thought I was a ghost, and as I was afraid they might go for me I got back to the tank again. But I can't stand it no longer, and I give myself up to you. All I ask is that you'll put. me on shore on somo part of New Guinea.' There was something like insolence in the way he uttered the closing sentences. Pro bably he felt convinced that his request would he complied with and he would so far bo free; hut even if he had been landed it would have been stepping from the fryingpan into tho fire, for it was almost, a foregone conclusion that he would ultimately be murdered and oaten by tho savages, though mayhap he did not consider that. Or he may have thought that lie would have a better chance there, for if lie stayed on hoard it v.-as almost certain his shipmates would never tolerate him, and he would bo killed and thrown overboard. He found, however, he had reckoned somewhat without his host, for t.lie captain ordered him to Iks put in irons and imprisoned in otic of the spare cabins until his fate should be decided upon. As soon as Brinton heard this, a fierce wicked look came into his eyes, and he put his hand suspiciously behind him as if to feel for his sheathknife, which ho wore in common with all sailors when at sea. But in an instant the boatswain had pinned him in a vice-like grip, and in another minute the second mate had fastened on a pair of hand-irons and leg irons, and in that condition the miserable wretch was thrust into a cabin and, of course, deprived of the knife. Then the mato was roused and informed that tho ghost had been caught, and that the ghost was none other than Peter Jackson, alio* Brinton, who was wanted for many crimes. And what they all had to consider then wa-s what was to be done with him. After a very short discussion all present agreed that it was their duty to deliver him over to the authorities, and the only way they could do so was to put. about and run for the nearest station on the Queensland coast, which was Oooktown. But it was decided not to alter the ship's course until day broke. Tho mato was about to return to his bed to finish his watch below, and the captain was going on deck, w'nen the prisoner in the cabin broke out into unearthly cries, intermingled with blasphemies and oaths, and then he took to hammering at tho door with his irons. "I'll soon settle you, my good fellow," said tho Vinatswain, as going to the cabin he flung open the door; but at that- instant the prisoner, foaming at tlie mouth and with eyes like balls of fire, sprang at. him, and striking him with In'-; manacled hands, tried to seize him with his teeth. 369 