THE CRIME OF THE "'LIZA JANE," BY FERGUS HUME, Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "The Dwarf's Chamber," &c.; Published by special. arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock 4f Bosodens,Ltd. rALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXII WHAT MARTHA FOUND. I looked at Grace, and he at me. The discovery of that suit of clothes took ns quite aback, and neither of us knew exactly what to make of the matter. The clothes were quite new, and had evidently been worn only a few times, The closest search could not discover the maker's name. It was my impression that the suit was ready made. But why had it been hidden amongst the rooks by Magsey, and why had it come out of Canute Villa, wherein no man lived? I could answer neither of these questions. "What is your idea, Grace !" I asked after a pause. "I have none. It's beyond me," he answered, staring at the clothes. "Sir Digby is a little man, Fairfax. I should think these clothes would fit him very well." "Admitting that he wore them," said I, seeing his drift, "why were they at Canute Villa 1" "Ah, I can't say," Grace replied, with a certain lsgnificance. "By the way, you say that Bruce had a visitor while at Mrs Gib's YV " Yes ; a slender man of medium height." "Humph ! Cardell isa slender man of medium height.,' " Do you think he were the suit to call on Bruce ?" "I do not see why he should dispose of them in this way if he did," said Grace, argumentatively. "Surely he could call on Brace without all this secrecy i" "I don't understand you, Grace, First you are against Cardell, and then you are for him. Speak plainly. Do you think he is guilty of the murder ?" "I can't say," he repeated, obstinately. "Perhaps he'll tell you all when he calls ta-day." I think Grace was sorry he had been the means of discovering the bundle. If this fresh clue led to the implication of Cardell in the murder, May would never forgive him for his share in bringing it about. He frowned as I tied up the bundle. " What are you going to do with it ?" he asked sharply. " Take it to my hotel, and look it up." "And afterwards?" "I shall call on Mrs Gib." "Oh, yon wish to examine the old lady r" " No, I don't," was my answer. "I want to examine her servant, Martha, who saw Bruce's visitor. As a Manxby girl she probably knows Cardell by sight, and she can say if it was he who called to see the lodger." "You suspect DIgby 2" "No more than you do, Grace. I think he has behaved in a culpably weak manner, as I will doubtless learn from his confession to-day; but I can't bring myself to believe that ha killed Bruce ; particularly," I added with emphasis, " when he must have known that Mrs Tyke burnt the certificate, and so destroyed his nephew's claim to legiti macy." "'rm not with you there, Fairfax," said Grace, as we returned along the beach, I carrying the bundle under my arm. "The certificate can only have been a copy. The original church register must still exist." "That's just it. Brces did not know in which church his father and mother were married. The certificate burnt by Mrs Tyke is nothing, as you say, but the information it contained would have been useful to Brace, and that is why she burnt it." "All this is very well. But the clothes I" "I can make nothing of the clothee-as yet," I replied slgnificantly, "After I have seen Mrs Gib's servant, I may have some thing to tell you." "You mean-" "Nothing at present. Here we are at the 'Princo's.' Will you come In 2" "No, thank you. I'll see you later on in the day. I'm sorry I meddled with the matter now." "You needn't be. It will further, rather than hinder, your marrisge." He shook his head and turned away with out a reply, while I ran up to my room, and carefally put away the suit of clothes. Before doing so I examined the pookets, but found nothing. They were empty, which proved to me that the wearer of the suit had taken all precautions to avert the chance of being identified. I set out for Mrs Gib's more puzzled than ever. This fresh dis covery only added to the mystery. On the way a thought flashed into my mind which seemed to explain the whole matter of the clothes; but it was so mons trons, so improbable, that I could not bring myself to believe it. Such thingshappen in fiction; in real life never. Yet the idea held me charmed, and I hurried on rapidly to Mrs Gib's, in the hope of finding it con firmed by Martha; It was a glimmer of light in the darkness of the case, yet for all I knew it might prove a veritable will-o' the-wisp to mislead and betray. Mrs Gib was at home, and received me in the dreary parlour, looking more drab. oloured and grim than ever. She was oertainly a most uncomfortable woman. " You've come abont them boxes, I s'pose, Dr, Fairfx!" bshe said severely. "I wish you'd buy them off me, and take them away:' "Are the contents valuable?" "No, sir. A few suanits of clothes, some shirts and under-linen. I think Mr Grainger was a poor man, though he set up for being rich. Ab," added Mrs Gib, shaking her head, " he was one given to vanity, he was." She insisted that I should examine the boxes, and led the way into the bedroom where they stood open. As she said, there was nothing particularly valuable in them -a few suits of clothes and some linen, no thing more. However, I was attracted by the sight of a blue serge sanit, preciElly similar in appearance to that hidden by Magesy. I examined it to see if the tailor's name was on it, but could find none. "I see what you're after," said Mrs Gib, with a pitying smile; "you want to find out who made the clothes. The cat attracts you, maybe, sir. Oh, vanity, vanity I" "At all events the tailor has not put his name upon that suit," I retorted lightly. "So he didn't think much of his work." "My husband was a tailor," sald Mrs Gib, going on her knees and picking up the jacket; "and I Rnow all the tricks of the trade. Some tailors put their names on the tab as hangs up the coat; others hide them under the lining. See here, Doctor." She dexterously turned up a pleat of the lining at the back of the neck, and there I saw a name-" James Duke, 156 Garvay St., London." The idea flashed across me that I had not examined that particular part of the lnit I had found, and I deter. f mined to do-so as soon as I got back to I the hetel. It might be that the name was I likewise inserted there. At present I had to put off Mrs Gib, and Interview Marths. " Five pounds you want, I believe, Mrs Gib," I said, taking out my pocket book. "That is the amount of my bill, sir," said Mrs Gib, with sparkling eyes. " Here ls a five- pound note," I replied, handnlog it over to her. "You can send on the boxes to my hotel." This Mrs Gib promised to do with profuse thanks, for she had not expected to get her money. In the interests of the law it was necessary that the baggage of Bruce should be In the possession of the pollee, and I had little doubt that Trumpet would recoup me for my outlay. This matter being settled, I asked to see Martha. "What do you want with Martha 1" asked Mrs Gib, in a sharp tone of disapproval. " I wish to question her about this visitor that called on your lodger." "She did not see him. Mr Grainger saw him in and out." "' Pardon me," said I severely, "Martha told Ben Lun that she had seen him." "Ben Lou I" cried the landlady in a vixenish tone. "Oh, It's him, is it? Martha's a deal too free with her tongue in that quarter. Well, Doctor, you can see Martha, but you'll get nothing out of her; she's a fool." I did not attach much weight to this, for every servant was a fool in the eyes of respectable Mrs Gib. When Martha made her appearance, wiping her hands on her apron, I saw why she lay under the land lady's displeasure. She was pretty-in a countrified way-and Mrs Gib did not ap prove of good looks, perhaps because she had none herself. They savoured, on the principle of sour grapes, of vanity. "Pat your hands behind your back, and answer Dr. Fairfax properly." said Mrs Gib severely, when the girl was introduced. Martha did as she was told with a frigh. tened look on her face, and stood before mo as prim as soy school-girl saying her lesson. " Well, Martha, I hear from Ben Lun that you saw the visitor who called on iMr Grainger 1" "Yes, asir, I did." "What was he like ?" "A thin gentleman, air; not very tall. He came twice, and they talked together for some time. Then Mr Grainger went away with him about eleven o'clook." " When you ought to have been in your bed instead of listening," struck in Mrs Gib severely. "Was the visitor Sir Digby Cardell 1" I asked eagerly. " No, sir. I have often seen Sir Digby, as I knows a housemaid at his place, sir. It wasn't him. It was a stranger." "Did you overhear what they said 1" "I tried to, sir," replied Martha, with painful candour; " but they spoke in some foreign tongue. French, I think, asir. Lor', it was queer gabble I' Mrs Gib groaned at the levity of this answer, and as I could extract nothing more from Martha, I took my leave. The servant was sent to show me out; and at the door, after a glance over her shoulder to be sure that her mistress was safe, she thrust a small object into my hand. " I duran't speak of it afore .her," said Martha : "bhut the gentleman dropped this. I think, asir, there was som'a't queer about 'Im. He was not what he seemed." When she closed the door, which she did in a hurry, so afraid she was of Mrs Gib, I glanced at the object given tome. A single look confirmed the suspicions I had enter tained during my walk, The discovery startled me not a little, and opened up a new view to the case. "Now for Sir Digby," I thought, moving away. "He may astonish me, but what I have to tell and show will astonish him still more." I felt that at laEt I oomprehended the CHAPTER XXII. A COl?tSSION. True to the minute, Sir Digby appeared in my sitting-room at five o'clock,. He was pale, but composed, and greeted me with great oordiality. I knew what was passing in the man's mind as well as though he had given utterance to his thoughts. He found himself in a dilemma, brought about by the machinations of Adelaide, and he looked to me to get him out of it. MyI asoeciatlon with the ship which had piuked up-the corpse, my knowledge of the circumstances of his nephew's death, gave him courage to confide in me, and be had come expressly to do so. A drowning man will clutch at a straw. I was Sir Digby's straw, and he clutched at me. After a few commonplaces about the weather, his health, etcetera, he spoke ab. ruptly of the subject which had brought him hither; yet he skirted round the gist of it, as though afraid to speak openly before testing my disposition towards him. "Members of your profession, Doctor, often have confidences reposed in them," he said, looking directly at me. "Yes; and we regard such professional confidences as sacred," said I, guesing his meaning; "but in this instance your con fidence has nothing to do with that sort of thing." "But you won't speak of it?" he ex olaimed with a shiver. "So far as It can clear up the mystery of your nephew's death, I am bound to speak of it, Sir Digby." "Still-" "Pardon me. One moment. .1I may as well he candid, so that no misunderstand. ings may arise. I am a mediotl man, it is true, but I have taken up this matter to oblige my friend, Captain James Barry, who saved my life. He desires to solve the mystery of his brother's death and that of Bruce. I agreed to aid him, and here I am, the accredited representative of the police." "Of the polloe " "Yes; of the London police. All I learn must be reported by me to Inspeotor Trum. pet, who placed me in charge of the case. You can give or withhold your confidence as you please, Sir Digby, but I warn yon that it will be wiser to tell all. As matters now stand, you are apparently imploicated in the matter." • Yon-you dare to acouse me of killing Bruce I" cried he, starting from his seat. "I do not accase you, I merely say that these matters, of your nephew's death at Manxby, of the disappearance of the cer. tifioate of marriage which was to establish his claim to your estates, are highly sus piciouse: You muat see that for yourself." His head drooped, and he resumed his seat with a long-drawn sigh. The manwas a moral coward, and dreaded my examin-e. tion; but I saw him brace himself for a mighty effort, as he became aware that he had gone too far to retreat. He was in deep water, and forced to sink or swim without anslstance from the shore. "I will confide In you, Doctor Fairfax," he said at last, making up his mindi to the inevitable, " and so far as concerns my un fortunate nephew-for I acknowledge the relationship-I give you leave to repeat my words. But as regards anything else, which can be of no use in the case, I mustask you -as one gentleman to another-to be silent." "I promise that with all my heart," said I heartily; "yon can rely on me to assist you to the beet of my powers. But do not forcet, Sir Dlgby, that in speaking to me, you apeak to the law. The phrase is grandi. loquent, but true." •" I understand, Doctor Fairfax, but I am notafraid to tell you all I know. So far as I am concerned, the matter is beyond the reach of the law. I simply relate to yenou a miserable family history and Its conse. quencee." " Go on, sir; I am all attention." He leaned his arms on the table, breathing heavily, then began to speak in a slow, de liberate manner, weighing and watching the effect of every word. His coursge was that of desperation, and he reminded me of no. thing so much as an animal at bay. "' I always believed my brother Walter to be a bachelos. I had not the slightest idea that he was married, and I can only explain his silence on the subject by statIng that, to the best of my belief, this Llaura West, who called herself his wife, was a had woman, whom he was ashamed to acknowledge before the world. He lived without can. fiding in me, and died in my presence with out hinting a word about wife or child. You may then guess, Fairfax, that when I succeeded to the baronetcy, and held it without question for ten yeara, I was as tonished when I learned the truth." " Who told yenou " "Cyrus Barry, who, I beg leave to elate, was as big a blackguard as ever came cut of Ireland. He one day called on me, and explained that my brother Walter had left a widow and' a son, now twenty years of age. According to him, the son was heir to the title and estate, while I was a poor man. I did not believe the story, whereupon Barry exhibited the certificate of marriage. Even then I thought it might have been forged, till he took me to the churoh where. in the wedding had taken place, and showed me the register." ' And this church i" "Was at Marlow in Berkshire. I was unwilling to give up the title and property, as you may guess. For the former I oared little, but as to the latter I had made all the money myself by leasing the estate on which Manxby now stands. I had earned the money, and I had the right to spend it; but if I had acknowledged the claim of my nephew, all would have passed to him, and I should have been left penniless." " But your nephew might have made some provilsionfor you." "True, but I was unwilling to risk that. Conceive, Fairfax," he went on in an en treating tone, "to be plunged into poverty at my age, especlally when I had made the money. And, moreover, I knew without wealth or title, Adelaide, whom I love dearly, would never consent to be my wife. Think of losing all I lived for at one swoop, and make excuses for me. I acted wrongly in refusing to acknowledge my nephew's legitimacy, but there are excuses. 1 stand or fall by that." He looked anxiously at me, but I declined to express an opinion, and merely made him a sign to proceed. With a bitter smile he wiped his brow and continued "I see you judge me harshly," he said vehemently. "Well, wait till you are tempted, and see how you can withstand temptation. But 1 was net wholly had, Fairfax; I had compunction; I felt re morse. Yes l When Barry offered to suppress all about the marriage, ard to quiet Grainger, or rather Bruce, for a sum of money, I refused to pay him blackmail." " Did Barry do that !" '"I assure you he made me the offer not only once, but twioa or thrice. He was to burn the certificate, and to assure my nephew that he was illegitimate, and had no claim. As Bruce did not know the church wherein the marriage was performed he could do no thing. Only Barry knew, and ke promised to hold his tongue for eight thousand pounds." " The scoundrel. But I cannot understand why he should have made you the offer. He would have got more from Bruce." " That's the point," said Cardell eagerly. "Adelaide was then engaged to Bruce, and had he come into the title she would have married him. Barry was in love with her himself, and wished to keep the title from Bruce so that Adelaide should not become the wife of my nephew, You understand !' "Partly I But as you were also in love with Miss Erskine, and held the title which attracted her, I don't see that Barry did any good to himself by letting you keep the wealth." " He did not knew at the time that I was In love with her," explained Cardell quickly; "I held my tongue about that, and so did Adelaide. I am not defending her. She is worldly and bad, but she dominates me by her beauty , and although I know her im perfections I am still willing to marry her. Barry thought his only rival was Bruce, and he hoped to stop his chance by destroying the certificate, provided I paid him eight thonsand pounds. On that, no doubt," added Cardell sarcastically, " he intended to marry Adelaide." "Then you were engaged to her !"' "Only after Barry's death. You know he was murdered at an anarchistic meeting in Hyde Park by Bruce. After that Ade laide broke off her engagement with my nephew, and became engaged to me." "She transferred her affection easily," I said satirloally. " I have said that she is worldly," replied Cardell in a cold tone. " She loves wealth and power; I can give her both: hence her willingness to marry me." "And you take her at that price 1" "I do. Look how beautiful she is, how brilliant, how fitted to shine I She has made me mad, and she can-do with me what she will." I could scarcely forbear commenting on this ignoble sentiment, but wisely held my tongue. To my mind Cardell was a despicable. individual, but it was not my place to judge him, so I was silent, and reverted to the confession. " Prior to I3arry'e death you had refused to pay him the eight thousand pounds " " Yes; and I waited in daily expectailon of a lawyer's letter announcing that Bruce claimed the estates !" " You knew your nephew as Grainger ?" "Yes; by Barry'sadvice, as I afterwards learned, he had assumed that name, so that I could not trace him out and make terms. I knew I could oust Barry if I could see Brace; therefore Barry kept him out of my way by the feigned name. I met Grainger, as he called himself, once or twice at the Curtain Theatre. I knew he was engaged to Adelaide, hut not till after Bary's death did I know that Grainger was my nephew." " Who told you ?" "You did the other night. Adelaide in formed me that she had broken off the engagement with Grainger on account of his crime, She knew him as Brace, I believe, bhut she did not tell me his real name, Only when you spoke did I learn that Bruce and Grainger were one and the same person, and that he was the man who had been murdered at Manxby." " You did not call on Bruce here?" "No; nor did he make any attempt to see me." "Did yon know he was in Msnxby 1" "Not till Mrs Bannister spoke of the murder. Then I recognised my nephew from her desoription. He had very red hair and extraordinarily long moustaches. After dinner I made enquiries before I came into the drawingroom, and heard that the mur dered man had stayed at Mrs Gib's as Grainger. ThenI knew it was my nephew" "Did Miss Erakine call and see Bruce t" " Not to my knowledge." "Well then, Sir Digby," said I leisuarely, "I can tell you from my own, that she called on him twice." The jealous light flashed into his eyes on the instant, and he looked furieons: "Why did she call and see him " "I can't say." "Was she not recognleed ?" "No," I said quickly; "she was too well diegnised." "Disguised I" he said, with unfeigned as tonishment "Yes; do you see this hairpin! The so called gentleman who visiated Bruce dropped it in the hall. Martha, the servant, pinked it up and gave it to me. This morning I found a suit of serge clothes which were hidden by Miss Erskine's sister on thebeach. Pat this and that together, Sir Dlgby, and you will see, as I do, that Miss Erakine twice visited Bruce at Mrs Gib's, dignised as a man. What do you think of that ?" I said triumphantly. He did not know what tothink, but stam mered inooherently "Adelaide--disguised as a man I Braoe -love- Oh I the infamous creature I" CHAPTER XXIII. AS TIr CASE NOW srANDS, Yes, it was a hairpin that Martha had picked up. It did not ,elong to herself or to Mrs Glb; no lady had celled on Bruce; and, moreover, it had been found in the hall, which only that morning had been thoronghly swept out. Hence Martha argued that Mr Brnoe's visitor was a lady disguised in male attire. Being a cirl of great common senose, she kept her suspicions to herself until she could verify them; and on the next occasion she took particular notice of the guoest VWith that keen instinct which never deceives a woman, she had atisfioed herself of the truth, and thus she became aware that MLr Bruce was a w:oked young man, who received visits from a dis guised lady. Assured of this, her first idea was to take Mrs Glbe Into her confidence; but aware that she might be unable to substantiate her statement otherwise than by the hair pin, she hesitated to speak. Then Bruce disappeared, and not knowing what might happen, she thought it wiser to hold her tongue. On my visit to Mrs Gilb, she lis tened at the keyhole, being devoured by curioalty, and then learned that Bruce had been murdered. A dread of being Implica ted with the pallce held her silent, till on my second visit and interrogation she could no longer keep the secret. She then con. leased, 'with the result that I pieoed this and that together, and determined that Adelaide had visited Brnucea in male attire. What was the singer's reason for this strange behaviour ? She was not in love with Bruce, she could not be so after his dartardly crime; she was aware that he knew not of the church wherein his mother had been married, and therefore he could not oust Sir Digby from the estates; so why she should visit a discarded lover from whom she had nothing to gain was beyond my oomprehen sion. Only the lady herself could explain this whim. It was my impression that Bruce had killed Barry, not as a delegate of an an arobiatli society' but because Barry, for Adelaide's love, had played his last card, and had refneed to tell Bruce the truth. Doubtless the quarrel overheard by Old Jane had been on the subject of the cer tificate, of Bruce's legitimacy, and the suen cession to the estates. Then, as I surmised, Barry had taunted the wretched young man with the news that he also loved Ade lalde and intended to marry her, and that nowfound Bruce was illegitimate, she would break off the engagement with him. I had little doubt that this last drop caused Bruce's cup to overflow; that all these things working together led him to commit the crime. That he had carried out his purpose in public, was for his own safety, as he hoped thereby to throw the blame on the anarchists, and so mislead the police, How far Adelaide was responsible for the deth I was unable to say, but I firmly be. 'lieved that she was morally if not legally culpable. By her vanity she had inflamed the hearts of the two men; she had turned their frieadship into bitter enmity ; and by seeking wealth and title she had brought about the catastrophe. Only in this way could I account for the 'frenzy which led Bruoo to murder the man who held his for tune in his hands. So far, so good, but it now remained to find out why Adelaide had visited Bruce at Mauxhby; to discover what had brought him there; and to learn, if possible, how far she was responsible for this second tragedy. Remembering the savage way in which the poor creature had been murdered ; the cold. blooded manner in which the corpse had been laid in the boat and sent adrift, I could not believe that a woman could have planned and accomplished so difficult an en terprise single-handed, She must have had an accomplice, but who he, or she, might be I could not think. I say "she" beoanse it struck me as probable that Mrs Tyke had taken an active part in the affair. From all that I had heard of her, she was a wicked old creature, who would hesitate at nothing to secure the aggrandizement of her daughter. Both she and Adelaide were determined women of no common order, resolute and dangerous; so it was not beyond the bounds of reasonthat theybad ievntcd,aod carried out, the barbarous plot which had resulted in Bruce's death. My theory was this-Adelaide in dis guise, for the more effectually escaping the consequence of her contemplated crime, had inveigled Bruce on to the beach at midnight on the occasion of the second visit. There, in the lonely darkness, the mother had awaited her daughter and victim, and between the two they had slain Bruce, tied him in the boat of Ben Lun, then taking another craft they had rowed out to sea. Setting the 'Liza Jane adrift with her ghastly burden,they had returned, to vanish like ghosts of the night. The only point that puzzled me was, that I could not think two women, however bar barous, could have the heart to strip a corpse nude. Doubtless they might have done so to prevent identification, but the idea was so horrible that even they must have recoiled from such an extreme mea sure. And again I What was the motive of the coimol? The certificate was destroyed, Bruce was ignorant; so the two had no reason to desire his death unless-and here comes in the main point- Bruce could implicate Adelaide with himself in the murder of Barry. If he could have brought her in-as an accomplice, I had little doubt but what be would do so, if only to prevent her marrying Oardsll. The savage and daring murder of Barry shol ed me what Bruce was. Despairing of getting title, wealth, or the woman be loved, terrified at the shadow of the gallows which lowered over him since the tragedy of Hyde Park, it was not inconceivable that he had threatened Adelaide to give himself up and denounce her share in the crime. If this were so, it would supply a strong motive for the murder of Bruce, and I could think of no other reason why the tragedy should have been designed. Cardell, assured of Adelaide's visit to her old lover, departed with rage in his heart, and a firm determination to break off his engagement. But I had doubts whether he would do so, for the woman was so can. ning and the man so weak, that I guessed the spshot. She would invent a plausible story, which he would believe, or feign to believe, and then, his jealousy set at rest for the time being, things would pro gress in the old fashion. Adelaide was too clever a woman to be daunted by mis. chance, when in sight of the prize for which she had worked so hard, and schemed so evilly. She know that she was dealing with a fool, and would act accordingly. Meanwhile, to convince myself of her guilt, I examined the clothes, looking for the maker's name in the place indicated by Mrs Gib. There it was sure enough "James Duke, 166 Garvay Street, London." She had borrowed the suit off Bruce, or she had bought them eoff the same tailor. To settle this point, which was particularly important, I wrote an account of my dis covery to Trumpet, and asked him to find out if the suit had been purchased in Gar vay Street, as I suspected. After despatch ing the;letter, I restedawhile from my labors, and waited for the next event. I shrewdly suspected it would be connected with Adelaide, In this I was wrong, as no immediate result was occasioned by Cardell's anger, He did not come near me after that visit; but two days passed, and I received a call from Grace. His face was fluashed and his eye sparkled s hence I argued that he had recetived good news. Nor was I wrong in my suanrprise. He was in the highest spirIts, and acquainted me with their cause with. out delay. "It's all settled, Doctor," said he, after we had shaken hands. "Whatp Your marriage P' "No. I have not got so far as that yet. But Adelaide Erekine- " "Ah, Isee. Sheis not to beme Lady Cardell after all." "You might have guessed that after your communication to Cardell," sid Grause, smiling. "Yess I know all. Sir Digby told me yesterday, and he worked himself up into a tremendous rage. Then he went off to Cainte Villa to call on the fair Adelaide." "And there and then broke it eff P" "I should think so. He came back and told May in my presence that he was .not going to marry Miss Erskine, and that her name was not to be mentioned again, by either of us." " And May ?" " Oh, she kissed her father, and congratu lated him on his escape. I don't think that pleaserd him," added Grace, dryly. "I should thinknot! The moreso asshe is still in love with her." "Oh, rubbish ! After her conduct in visiting Bruce dreeoed as a man, he would not think of marrying hwr." " I'm not so sure of that." I answered reflectively. "He know before, that Ade laide was a bad lot, and still loved her. The episode makes very little difference. My advice to you, Grsce, is toengage your self to Miss Cardell at once." "Why P Is there any particular hurry P" "Only this--that Cardell is so in fatuated with Adelaide's beaxty, and she has anuch power over him, that in a few weeks she will be forgiven and her follies forgotten." "I don't think Cardell will be such a fool." "I do. He is mad about the woman. You had better get engaged." "I will if I can," said Grace ruefully. "I hinted to May that she might now fulfil her promise, as the marriage was broken off ; but she did not respond so readily as I thought she would have done." " Give her time; give her time, Grace." "Why, jest now you said there was no time to be lost." " 'Well, manage it your own way," I soid, worried by his pertinacity; " bhut I cam tell you one thing, Adelaide Erskine will be Lady Cardell after all." "I have my doubts about that," replied Grace dryly, "and my suspicions about her." " What suspicions P" " You know well enough, Fairflax, Why did she visit Brace in disguise F" "meI can't say. But I see what yop mean." "Do you think she is guilty of the crime P" asked Grace abruptly. "That," said I. "no one can answer at present. It all depends on Mrs Tyke." (To be Continued.) 