RELIGIOUS SERVICES. WEST SANDHURST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. -The Rev, J. H. Mackay preached yesterday morning from Isaiah, 1st Chapter, 18th verse. In the evening he took as his text, 2nd oamuoi, istu chapter, 13th vtrso, Ho said I David bad stoned greatly. Ho had not shown any sorrow for wlut bo had done. Ho enjoyed his kingly stale and the delights of his .palace until rudely awnkonod by the prophet accusing him of sin. David did not then attempt to excuse himuolf, Ho might have pleaded that what ho h»d done was done by ail other kings of bis time, but ho did not. Ho humblod bimiolf, bo bared bis br-ast, ond cried, “X have tinned against the Lord.” His oonfossion was followed by forgiveness, 'fho people 8»id,“'Chou shall not di*>.” We have aU sinned far more deeply than David could puSiibly do, tor wo sin against iho light of the glorious revelation qf Jesus Christ. Jesus has revealed to us more fully tbo will of God. Ho has given us iho example of His perfect life, aod in tbo fuller light wo have received wo stand condemned. Wo havo sinned in thought, word and deed. Wo could not stand with our thoughts revealed to the world ; wo should bo confounded with shame if ihoy wore. so. Wo should follow Lho ex ample of David, humble ourselves, confess our sins and look forgiveness of God. Special services ttill bo conducted by Mr. Maek-y every evening Ibis weok at half-past seven 0 olcpk. Baptist Sunday School.—Tho anniversary of lho Baalist Sunday Soho.l was celebrated by special soivices yesterday. Too Rev, G, A. Weller preached in lho morning to a largo congregation from Malaohj, 3rd chapter, 17ih voraOj, “And they shall bo min", sailh lho Lordjof Host 1 , in that doy when I make up my jewels.” In opening ho said that John lho Baptist was tho.morning star of (bo now dispensation whilst MaUobi was lho evening elar of iho old. In MaldOhi’s day godliness had dop r cd from the land and tho sorvioo of Jehovah had degenerated into moro form, and throughout tbo. whole land unrighteousness and eui .roigood supreme. Tbo service of God was neglected or more still ridiculed and sooffod at. Throughout all this, however, God had his own chosen ones who were faithful to their God. Whilst others sneered and re buked they spoke one to another of the diffi culties they had in their way, of the God they had trusted and served and tho hopo of iho.r coming Kiog. God had not forgotten ttmo faithful ones, for ho bad caused tho book of. romorabrancj to bo wrilton ef thoir benefit , l .\ Aod.they shall bo mine, {taiib lho L*>rd, In that day when I make up my jowola." That, said lho speaker, was the wonderful value God plsood on prooious souls; tbiy were to bo crown jewels of the King Himself. Well did the prophot ask, “ What shall yo benefit if you gain lho wbolo world and lose your own soul?” All tbo gold taken out of Bendigo could not bo compared to tbo valuo of ono soul for Christ, The Holy Ghost was continually seeking jewels for tho crown of tbo Blessed Christ. Uo desired to impress on the Sunday school teachers not to lose heart, for tho prooious souls they wore trying to win woro for the Master’s crown. Earthly monnrebs had their crown and ihoir jewels, and Cbrist-sball havo His—not of silver, gold and prooious stones—Ho socks them amongst the living sons of men. The Rov. R. Ditlcrioh conducted a children’s service in tbo -after noon, and tho Rov. G. A. Weller again proaohod in the evening. Tho ohuroh was made very attractive by tho scholars, who decorated it very appropriately with wreaths and flowers. The children rendered choruses very pleasingly at oaoh sorvioo. Mr, C. Manning was conductor, and Miss B. Manning organist. A lea meeting and sorvioo of song will bo held on Tuesday evening. St. Andrew’s 'Church.— 1 “ Is tho Pulpit Losing its Power ?” was tho title of a sermon delivered in St. AndrowVCburob last night by Ibo Rev. A. S. C. James. Ho referred to the recent , discussion in tbo Now Ago on tho decline of modern preaching, and od miltod that there wore preachers who ought never lo havo entered the pulpit, He con tended, however, that Ihero woro not moro failures in tbo pulpit than in other drpirt mouts of'human life. Conspicuous ability in any calling was conspicuous simply becauto it was rare. Ho also pointed out that the preacher had very difficult work to do. Ho bad to apeak lo an audience not naturally inclined lo reocivo bis message. Ho bad to talk to people about a world they bad novir soon, and bring before thorn rewards and punishments which could only bo known after they bad passed through Ibn mists of death. He was confined to ono subject, and tbo text book from which bo spoke was in ovoryono’s bands. Hi* difficulties were added to-by the fact that wo were living in a transition age, in whioh man’s views on religion were under going changes, and in whioh now opinions woro continually bomg rasdo known. Novor tho loss tho taek, difficult as it was, was ac complished booau«o the preacher’s power came from a higher source than learning, eloquence or scholarship. The true preacher was tbo moubhpicco through which passed God’s disclosures lo tho world. After having -hown the d file ally of applying any. lost by whioh the influence of tho pulpit 'oould bo determined, Mr, James gave the following arguments to show that' the power of tho pulpit was not decreasing. Tbo churches hid raised tho standard of saorrd scholarship and tbo education of tbo clergy- was continually rising to-o higher and more complete . curri culum.-Clorgy men- wore also taking great pMt in all tbo groat movements which had for their object tbo uplifting of mankind. Whenever a capable man proaohod there was always an audience to bear him. In proof of this roffr anco was mado to lho work of John MoNotll, of Edinburgh, in Melbourne and elsewhere. Tho audiences of tho various oburahos in Bondigo put together would moko a much larger gathering than any place of amusement in tho city oould possibly bold, and this went on year oftor year without change, under the same preachers. Pulpit methods woro chang ing for lho bettor. .The preaching grow moro practical and moro in (onoh with every .day life, and all this favored tho continuation of tho power of the pulpit. Churoh Anniversary.—Tho 47th anni versary of tho Woaleyan Churoh, ForoA street, was celebrated yesterday. The Rov. W. Williams, F.L.8., conducted the sorvioo®. lo tbo morning ho proaohod to a largo congre gation on Genesis, 6lb chapter, 8ih verso— “ But found graco in tbo eyes of the Lord." Bo conducted a young people’s service in tho afternoon. Tho ohuroh was crowded in Ihc evening, when bo preached a very impressive sermon on tbo IX Chronicles, 30th chop lor,8th verso—“ Now he yo not stiff nocked as your fathers woro, but yield yourselves unto tho Lord.” One of tho* doctrines (said tbo speaker) on whioh soiontiQo men in this modern ago were laying great stress was tho law of heredity, by whioh thoy' 4 mean lo inf. r that tbo physical and sometimes the temporal characters are transmitted by parents to their offspring, Tho iaw bad received abundant il lustrations and abundant proof, Great uto of theso proofs had recently boon mado by scien tific mob. On just as far as It extends and it< known limits mon were not agreed, but (boro were limits to a law so universal as the law of heredity. It did not follow tba‘ a wicked mao’s son would follow in his father’s wicked ways and abomination®. ..In connection with tho text thrro was a striking illustration of the fact. Abab, king of Judies, was a man of conspicuous wickedness in a wicked ago. When bo diod his son Hozekiah ascended tho tbrooo and showed pity os conspicuous as bis father showed wicked*, ness, and set himself to (bo task of saving tho Judseans from thoir idola trous ways. Ho pointed out lo them that all thoir.calamities had como upon them-be cause, they were sliff-ncokod against God, and ho exhorted them in lho words of tbo text not to bo.stiff- necked, but to yioM themselves to God. To what'si. grand task the young king addressed himself— lo bring about a mighty spiritual revival, to'bring his people to tho true worship of (bo Iruo and living God. Tbo speaker pointed out that Hi zokiah’s words was God’s message lo His bearers. Sorao vainly boasted that (boy have never wronged roan, woman.or child in thoir life; but what does that matter if (heir lives are one per petual wrong to God? Tho mightiest claims that over moved bamairbeinge wore not right* of raoai bat (he jindohloblo rlgnts of God. The man who was right with bis follows was nob right unless bo followed tbo rights of God. God’s right was to receive worship from tbo saved of tho human race. Tbo unconverted man will.not and cannot worship God. Collections to aid of tho trust fund woro taken up atj oaoh sorvioo. Tbo pboir, under’Mr, Bishop, rendered several anthems very niooly, A tea and public mealing will bo wili'be bold on Tuesday evening, when ad dressee will bo delivered by tbo Revs. W, Williams,. F.L.8., J, H. Maokay and others. 8t. PaUI/8. —The Rov, N. Jones proaohod last night to a large .congregation'on tbo doc trine of Justification, “Therefore being justi fied by faith wo have ponce with God” (Romans, chapter 6, verso 1). .He that bis reason for toking up tbo subject and intruding into Iho controversy between Arch bishop Carr, Capon Potter and Professor Rontoul and others was because bo foil that tho ond who was speaking on behalf of tbo Cburoh! of England bad misrepresented hor leaching on ono of. tho groat fundamental doctrines of ibo gospel, that doctrine wbiob Lulhor called “the article of a standing or failing ohurob.” Canon Potter confounded lho whole point at issue when bp said, “Surely*if Godacoounls a map righteous Ho makes' him righteous. It would be . iinpious to say that God knows a man to be bad, and yet ac counts him good,” In this point of dis tinction lay tbd great differonoo between Protestants and Ro/naaisla, Tbo Protestant says tbat lo justify is. to account righteous; the Romanist says that to justify is Id. mako righteous. -The .Protestant ohuroh . by tbo wording of her article, 1 carefully pxoludod ibo , views of Rome. Justificationwas not a pro-; cose, bat an not. To' regard justification as a sin-expelling process going pn within was to confound tbo trite nature oLjmtifioation and sanotifioation, The righteousness thereby wo. are sanctified is lnheront, bufc not perfeot. Justification is not tho process whereby sin is expelled, but tbo act whereby wo aro • brought into right relations with God, Ii had I not to. do with our slate, bur conflict with bin, our increase in holiness, but it bad to do with our standing before God. Justification was a foroneio or judicial act. God noting, not in His character as sovereign or judge, pronounces the sinner not guilty. It was in this sense that Bt, Paul spoke of God justify* log tbo ungodly. Ho did not moan that tho ungodly had boon mado godly, but that ho was accepted by God as righteous because of what Christ had done for him., Weslkvan Church, Eagleiiawk. —Mr. J, Pasooo preached to a largo oongrrga u-u Inst evening from tho text John 6-h chapter, 40lb verso—“ You will not come to md that you might have life." Tbo preacher showed from the text that wo might be as positive of one form of iifo as another, including cspocilly spiritual life. Ho described characters lo whom tho language is more particularly ap plied. He sol forth the terms upon wbi> b tho gift is bestowed, and advanced several powerful reasons for coming to Christ. Two persons were received into church member i>bip. 