THE NOVELIST ??» — - — TIME SHALL TRY. By the Author of 'With This Ring I T/icsWW 'A Wife' s Temptation ' &e.; CHAPTER IV.— Continued. Aflittmg blush flow over the girl's faoe as swif tly aa a bird's shadow over a roso, and her voice changed to n lesa sprightly key. 'Rachel,' slio said, looking within tho room, ' como and toll psvpa what our errand is this morning. He is growing cynioaJ, so tho conforonco botween him and me ia closed.' Then there oame forward and stood by her side a girl, taller, fairer, and quieter than herself, with dark blue eyes, and a calm faco loss rosy than hers, but having moro power and a more tranquil boanty. ' Good morning, my lovo,' her father said to this now-comor, and his manner grew a shado graven, ' Why avo you and Dorothea going out W1^1 ^ie ^a1^ to.day?' , ' Wo havo pvomisod Cordolia to go to the end of our avonuo to moot tho mail thia morning. She expects Harry will bo in tho coach j ho came down by the wail train last night' ' And wo are to lot her know if he has como,' interposed Dora, a little breath lessly. ' Uy carrior pigeon ?' asked Mr. Mus gravo. ' Of oourse not, papa. Wo are to wave a signal from tlie tevraco if Harry has como. Wo agreed on that last night.' ' So you nvo to mako a tolegraph'of yourself , visible ncross the valley P You must bo quick, or you will miss seeing tho coaoh pass.' It neoded but theso words to make Dora hurry away, followed my her sister with a moro tranquil stop. Down through tho glory of TVarowood— the long beech- tree avenue, where pale groen leave and suushino made a goldon gloom— tho girla ran, 'with flushing chooks and eyes full of tho morning gladnoss. ' I hear the coaoh coming,' oriod Dora, pushing tho gate back, and run ning into tho road to catch the first glimpse of its approaoh. Moro dignfled, and seoretly more anxious, Eaohol held back within tho shadow of tho gold-greon trees. A minute more, and four steaming horsos aro reined in suddenly upon their hunohos, and here is tho coaoh stopping at their gato with tho infinite eltvttor of harness and of dust of wheels, ' Humvh !' orioa Harry, who ia on tho box-soat. ' Is not this glorious P Wo have had suoh a drive through tho prime of tho morning. I downright achod with glory. I wanted to roll in tho forns and dive in the sea.' ' I have had trouble to hold him, Miss MuBgravo,' said another voico; nnd then Eachel looked, xip, and a wonderfully vivid blush passed over her faco. 'I did not oxpeot to hgo you, Mr Maborly,' sho said, keeping hov voico quite calm. ' Oh, no S I understand that. It is only to Harry to whom welcome is duo. Ho is a native ; Mr. Brandon and I are strangers.' 'Has Mr. Brandon comoP1' Dora cried, in a surprised voico. 'Are you astonished to Beo moP' asked that gontlonuin, bending forward. ' I hope I am not looked ou as a ghost hero, although I was taken for one last ?winter in London,' t ?' Can't fitay any longer, gentlemen,' observed tho coaohmnn, gathering up tho reina, ' Timo is up,' A little packet at thi3 moment tlroppod to tho ground. ' That is for you Dora,' said Harry« . ' I hope you will approve of the way in which I havo oxooutod your .com mission.' » Dora had giveu no commiasion. Sho 'was full of delicious oonfusion, and oyos and ohoeks wore bright with a lovoly ?warmth as sho stooped for tho paokot . lyiug at her feet. A flourish from tho guard's horn, a oraok of tho whip, a ; sudden waving of hands, nnd tho conch was oil', its quaint shadow flying along tho hodgo, and a lark high abovo it carolling for joy. The sisters lookod after it with along gaKu, ftaohol gravely, Dora with a con scious smile j and it was not till tlioy turned to enter tho gato that they saw Mr. Maberly, standing by it. ' Yoxi did not observe my descent,' ho said, slightly ombarrasse'd. ' I felt a walk would do mo good. After travoll iug all night it is a rolief.' 'But thoy will wondor at tho rectory what hus bocomo of you ; nnd you will miss breakfast,' said Enohol. The bright color that had flushed over hor fnco on soeing Mr, Marberly had faded no, v into extromo paleness. Bho seemed to him white and cold as snow. 'Breakfast is of very little con sequence,' ho said, lamoly, ' Good-byo,' cried Dora, crimson with hasto and happiness. ' I roally cannot stop witli you. I havo to wave a signal to Cordolia from tho terrace. I shall flourish my flug in the air throo times —once for TIarry, twice for you, three times^'or Mr. Brandon. What a state of bewilderment sho will be in I' (To bo continued). 