POINTS. Brisbane North Election. The electors will see Messrs. T. M., Paterson, and R. Eraser's address in another purt of tho pupor, : Electors, these are tho two candidates to vote for. They aro both plodged to go to the poll. No humbug this timo. Beautiful Shop and Cellar. Any person desirous of Beouring a largo shop in tlio Telegraph Chambers liad bettor rend eon- . . ditlons in advertisomont appearing in another part of tho paper. Tho position is acknow ledged to bo unrivalled in Queen streot tor business purposes. Splendid Suite of Offices, suitablo for bank or insuranoe company, on ground floor, Telograph Chambers, off marble corri dor. Tbo offices are beautifully lighted and Bplondidly fitted up. Apply early to Business Manager. Circulation Going Up. i Advertisers -will pleaso noto that tho oiroulation of tho Tele graph for four weoks onded Saturday, February 22, was 319,955, whioh is boyond doubt tho record for any paper issued in Queensland. Tho Telegraph leads, othor papers follow We ohallongo comparison with any daily paper in Queensland. Please noto that tho weekly circulation-ef tho Telegraph is over 80,000. Everybody knows that advertisers get best value by inserting thoir udvertisomonts in- tho paper with tho. largest oiroulation. " Beyond oohpaeibon." Tho Telegraph, has moro than doublo the oiroulation of any other daily paper in Brisbane, therefore advertisers got more than doublo tlio value by advertising ' in it in preference to otlior daily pupors. Try ' tho cheap prepaid advertising columns. Soe special advertisement. JUS words, one insortiqn, for SIXPENCE. JUS words, thrco insertions, ONE SHILLING. The roads to Wynnum and Manly wero very rough yestcrduy morning for cyclists. One exceedingly amuteurish riiler found this out, ns ho einno a oroppsr on about 20 different occasions. , ' In fnot so plentiful woro his spills that tho first remark mado by any group ot youngsters on tho road was, "Is that tlio follor what 'ad nil tho spills P" I The Balmotal. Divisional Board may bo pnrdoncd for having' tlio road rough "ciso- wliore, but tlioy might mako it smooth near tho Cemetery. One has to travel so painfully slow that he has plenty of timo to learn all tho tombstone inscriptions' by hoart. Some millers in Mclbourno want to havo a fairly heavy tax put on imported wlieat mid drawback allowed for exported flour ! . Wiiat grinding fellows theso millers must ho, to ho sure. Mn. Habdohave says that tho water sup plied to the oitv is bud to look at and to taste, but that it dops not kill. < On Friday night tha Valloy oleotors wcro treated to tbo spectacle of three labour candi dates engaging in a bilking competition, i The result appeared on Saturday night. The man who was least nustoro in ins attitudo towards his opponents, and who was ovon rash onough to say that tlio Govern ment were not altogether . to biamo for tho defeat of tho Early Closing Bill, Came out on top. Some day tho dootors will didguoso doc toral lunaoy, and a potent draught will stop a man from wanting to ho a mombor of l'ur- liamont. At present, howovor, Uio malady is dread fully prevalent. \ . Men gallop .around the "electorates in a frenzy of oxcitemont, do not slcop'a wink, and -scarcely. cat tlicir food, who havo not, ill tho opinion of ovorybody but thomsolves, tin? ghost of a show of success. ' Surely this blind, rash, intoxicating folly enn ho brought within tlio restraining grip of science. During tho your 1895 tho total number of ships built in tlio United Kingdom was 579, whoso tomiugo was 950,007 gross. Of theso 520 woro steamships ; tlio rest wero sailing ships. ' An English fiuiinoinl pnpor says that tho Trndos Hull iu Mclbourno hus mndo tlio avorago lot of the working man vory unsutis- fnotory . Russia is snid to bo "arming." This has beon snid of bor for a hundred yonrs. The history of Russia for tha past contury could ho written in tlireo words : "Russia is arming." On Saturday night at Cleveland Mr. Dick son, in a series of characteristic references to tho Drako Opposition polioy, ovolvcd tlio following sontoiieo : — \- "We do not want tho pnlioozoio fossil re mains of '88 nnd '93 resurrected, hut wo want to know what is tlio consolidated polioy for 1890." / The S.1W. Herald in appealing to rate-' payors, on their homffir, to pay up thoir rates to savo tho Govornmont from embarrass ment. A good oleotiou oall. The present situation of tho Fcdoral ' Enabling Bill, in Victoria, 1ms boon disoussod by a knot of patriots, ami tho gonorul opinion wns that Parliament would not ho gufitv of tho ','deop disgraco," as it wus called, of , going into reooss until tho hill was passed. A gold mine ut Coolgnrdic is called Croosus. How hopeful some persons nro, and how humorous. ' The Boors nro displaying hostility to tlio Dutch nowly urriving in tlio Transvnal. WJmt boors thoy must bo. /The land laws of Now South Wales nro so - olisouro that it tokos a hoard of experts to ex- ; plain them. 