St. James's Church, Toowoomba. -:o :-- TABLET TO THE LATE HON. JAMES TAYLOR. On Sunday morning last the services in con nection with St. James's Church, Toowoomba, were conducted by the Bishop of Brisbane, Dr. Webber, and opportunity was taken to unveil the memorial tablet, placed in the church by a number of the rieads ot the late Hon. Janes Taylor, as a memento of the interest he took inthework of the Church, and of his many bene factions to it. The inclement weather naturally had the effect of diminishing the attendance of worshippers, but nevertheless there was a con siderable number of persons present. The unveiling ceremeny was performed by Dr. Webber, who in removing the veil said: "To the memory of James Taylor I dedicate this memorial in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." His Lordship then preached an eloquent sermon from St. John's Gospel-" The Master is here and ealleth for thee." Dr.Webbernextreferre to the assistance given to St. James's Church by the deceased gentleman, who only a short time before he was stricken down with his last illness wrote to Bishop Webber, in reference to £1000 he had promised towards the erection of a cathedral Ih Brisbane, and said, "I fully intend to carryout my promise regarding the subsoription." Ill. ness, however, did not allow him to make the necessary provision, and his trustees could not legally carry out his intentions. During the service the hymns "The Advent of Our King" (48); " Let Saints on Earth in Concert Sing" (221 ; and "Freely ye have received, freely give ' (865) were sung by the choir. Miss Marlay presided at the ergan. The memorial tablet, which is of white marble inset in blank marble, has been placed on the eastern wall of the southern transept. It is very simple in design, in accordance with the wishes of the friends of the late Mr. Taylor. The in scription is: In grateful memory ofthe Hew. Jnes TALnon, M.L.C. For many years a church. warden and representative to Synod, the donor of the site upon which this church is built, and one of its most liberal benefactors. Died Oct. 19th, 1895. Aged 75 years, ereoted by parishioners and friends. Themanaking and placing of the tablet was en trusted to Mr. W. Bruce, and has been exe suted with the beahty of finish which charad. terises the work that comes from his hands. 