GLIMPSES OF LIFE IN THE WEST. RECORDS OR ROMANCES OF VICISSITUDE. The smoke from a hundred fires is lazily leaving the ground this chilly morning. Not before it Ims mingled with the haze lying on the plot beyond the camp, where tho timber is still uncut, docs it merge in* j to tho grey colors of the gums and her* bago and the faint mist above the low bushes. Pots, improvised out of preserve tins mostly, are bubbling with porridge and coffee; tho odor of b’icoa and tinned meat, variations in frys and stows make tho air sick with suggestions to hungry Tables are spread in the open, or under coverings of boughs, md tho morning meal is eaten hastily, without any for mality or loitering over tho last cup of ten. The teamsters are gone on hour ago, for they have not to seek their horses away from tho chaff bin, whore they feed all night. The Afghans breakfasted early and prayed still earlier; lutning their faces Meccawords, where lies their Holy Sepulchre. Their wandering “ ooats,” hobbled cruelly tight, have yet contrived, by dint of hopping like great kangaroos, to travel beyond the close cropped bushes on the confines of tho camp. Now they are being brought in unwillingly, each long neck and beaky sinister head 'stretched as far back as the lino secured to its nose stud and tied to the tail of the preceding animal will allow it to lag. At last the long string of ungainly animals uro got in the lines where they knelt to be unloaded last night, and in obedience to the command “Hooshta i” “Hooshta !” they kneel down again, groaning horribly, by way of prot-st all tho time. Their drivers proceed to hang cases of ale, galvanised iron sheets and,cast iron tele* graph polos upon tho backs of the animals, trying all in a deft puzzling way only known to the dusky children of Mahomet, Every time the camel is approached or a new weight added to his load he ceases chewing to open his long, ugly teeth and groan vigorously, and when ordered io aland up ho growls savagely while unfolding his legs. Then standing serenely with his burden, oblivious to tho attacks of myriads of flies on bia im* pervious but sadly galled hide, or in his defiant eyes, that never blink, for they are protected by long, bristly hairs, he grows quiet and wa'chful of his surrouud ings. One observant brute has found a loose board on one of tho cases which it carries, so it proceeds to investigate the interior of that case, and finding (ho contents appetising, pulls out the bottles, and dines on their straw envelopes, until his driver .at tho far end of tho long camel train hearing tho crash of fulling bottles hastens to tho rescue of tho rest. Now they glide away with soft foot falls on the dusty pad, and noiselessly, save for tho clank of one or two untied bolls and the swish of water contained in tho big iron canteens on theit backs. There are nearly 12 tons of goods on tho backs of those 40 camels, and it represents about £5OO to tho carriers, a firm of Afghans well known in the Far North of ! South Australia as bat tho ghosts of a | coming firm of traders and station owners, | who aro tho real Afghans in that colony j at least, ... By the time tho sun appears over the crest of the nearest ranges the camp is almost deserted, for every man has gone to his post, but, for hours towards midday the track of the teams and caravans still is visible by the clouds of dust that rise among the tree tops (o the north of us. DY THE FIRELIGHT, At night mon are grouped in little parties in front of the tents and at tho “ ingle nook ” by the condenser fires. To-night among tho visitors at our camp are a few men from remote parts of the world. Old grizzled miners, who started their apprenticeship in the alluvial mines of a past day in Ballarat and Sebastopol, and have sinc3 passed through stages of luck, tempered by fever and quinine in Queensland scrubs. One pro sent here hails from a celebrated silver mine in old Peru, lying at an altitude of 17,000 feet. There, he says, tho air is so rare that men can simply crawl about at a snail’s paco with safety, for a slight exertion will frequently bring on hemorr hage, and it often proves fatal. Another present is telling a brief story of Arctic experiences, gained while seeking for the " Jeanette party/' who were sent out by the owner of the New 1 York Herald. In that disastrous voyage his own brother was lost among other poor follows who accompanied IX< Long. STOUY OF A QUEENSLAND TRAGEDY. Did I know tho Skanes 1 Jerry and Jack Skanol replies a fine tall Irishman whom I knew on Allendale some years ago, I know them when I was a boy at work on tho Eureka with my father. Everybody knew them as lucky men, for they owned a claim next to tho Native Youth, and got a power of gold out of it. Two fine powerful Mlows thoy wore. When they got tho gold out thoy wont homo and bought an estate in Ireland, keeping racehorse*, ami sending their ‘ clrldron to Franco in order to bo educated corrocly. Not many years afterwards you wSI recollect them back again, and working for wages in tho old Prince of i Wal-a mine at Seb\siopol. I have seen] ono driving a cab in Brisbane lately, and I was not a hundred yards away when young Jack was speared by tho blacks on Ilia spot where Hcrberton now stands. Poor Jack 1 I remember he had gone ! out but a few minutes with a bridle in his hand to catch a horse, and no revolver in his bolt. The blacks threw a few spears athim while quite close to the camp, and finding bo had no gun thoy closed on him quickly and stuck him full of spears. When we found him ho was alive, and kept saying, Thoy never gave mo a chance, j and I oculdn’t find so much as a stone or a stick to drive the ours off with. We out the ends off tho spears and sent a messenger for a doctor. When he died his brothers swore to shoot every black they could find, and one of them obtained a sort of permit Jo go out with tho police and shoot “Myall*. 1 ’ Ho was stopped very soon though for thoy said he was killing those who wore blankets as well as “Myalls.” MUCH TRAVELLED ADVENTURERS, There is a good humored, fair, fresh looking, and jovial Englishman travelling with mo and camping hero to-night. Ho has travelled over a groat part of tho world, and exactly 42 days ngo he stepped into a mail steamer In London to come hero on a short business visit. When 1 get back in July, ho remarks, I have a commission to inspect a concession our people have bought from a Russian princess, and whon that work is complete I shall stay in England for the rest of my days, . . . Yes, it’s gold and other things 'of value wo expect to find in this 800 square miloa concession of ours. It lies in tho ' Urals,' and belonged to tho 1 Governor of that province, who gavo tho right to mine Id it to his daughter last year aa a dowry on her marrying a native prince. One per cent, royalty and £IO,OOO is all that wo aro to pay for a century or two to come. Will you come over to manage it for us? Two of our camp fellows have by thia time discovered that they have met in Venezuela, where one remarks, I saw, only a few weeks ago, almost as much machinery rotting and rusting as I did when staying at Panama, Adding, Of course at Panama the heavy stuff is partly covered up by the Chagres River ; while thousands of tons have been sold to the masters of Yankee schooners. It cost tho sellers nothing, for they simply stole the stud’. Panama hos been a mine for the natives and tho Yankee traders over since the French nation commenced to shovel its money out there. TALK OK A PENANG RIOT. Everybody has heard of Charles V., says one to the much travelled English man, I often hoard of you in the Malay Peninsula ; but 1 never saw you, and cer tainly never expected to meet you in W.A. I even heard that you were killed in a coolies’ riot on the Penang claims. You look well. You don’t look like a man who has had every disease that foreign travel can procure. About that riot? V, replies to his questioner. Wei', I had nearly 1000 men working for me in those tin holdings. Nearly all Chinese coolies, with their own countrymen as head men, and responsible for tlu-ir work and pay. Johnny won’t work for you as cheaply as he will for his own people. They were the most docile, peaceful and hard working of men I thought until one night. A terrific row set in about midnight. It seemed ns if all Hades were loosed for a holiday, I stuck a couple of revolvers in my belt, got my cane—l always carried a light cane fast by a loop to the wrist—and ran down to tho camp. All my boys were there, and many strangers too. Yelling and screeching and chopping away at each other with axes, throwing stones in showers, and slashing with bamboos like madmen. I dived in and struck out right and left among thorn, swearing I would shoot them all if they did not stop, but some of the rocks intended for tho enemy reached my head, and I had to re tire for repairs for a few minutes. Afterwards I found my head men and I told those fellows if they did not slop tho fighting and keep the camp quiet all night I would shoot them both in tho morning. I made them believe it by using all the oaths that a Chinaman heeds. They stopped it. I sent two boys with orders down through tho jungle to bring up the native police. They wore terribly afraid of tigers, bub a few pence and some promises quietened their fears. The row was caused by some strangers stealing opium from my men. Next day when they were brought in to bo treated —-some with their faces sliced, some with heads smashed and eyes knocked out, cut and gashed horribly nU round—l fell ! sick before I had half finished sewing up their wounds. The poor fellows have tho t most comple confidence in one’s skill in [ sach matters. [ I was glad to be summoned to the coast to give evidence against tho leading rioters, or rather whom wo arrested as such. In the native court, after giving my evidence privately, for I had a seat on the bench, the magistrate said, Do you want me to hang tho lot! Good Heaven, no ! I replied, I only want my money from those head meu. They owe me 500 dollars each, as advances for wages to tho men. I think its beat to hang those fellows; they aro a bad lot said tho magistrate. I remonstrated, and finally he sent them to gaol until their friends could raise the money to pay me, for they vehemently protested that they had not a penny of their own or mine, and were quite willing to die, Tho cunning rascals ! I went away to Singapore for a holiday, as the fever season was prevailing at the mines. One day in Singapore I was accosted by a poor looking native woman, who said, You let my husband out of gaol ; me poor ; my children starve, no father. No, I said. Me give you 50 dollars. Five hundred or nothing, said I. She cried and went away, coming back soon with another woman, and rais ing her offer to 100 dollars. Me starving; no husband, she said, in Chinese. I said. Stave away, but I must have 500 dollars. Cue day she said her friends would give me 250 dollars to release her husband. I refused it, and soon afterwards I-ft for Saigon. Ono day, sitting on tho deck of a schooner, I spied my two debtors among tho crowd of coolies on board I went forward and asked them how they got out of gaol. Alas, for my 1000 dollars! They said that they bribed tho governor with 50 and 'liars, and ho 1-1 them go free. I wished I h:ul 1 t them be hanged.— “ Dag,” in Ballarat Star. 