MOUNT GAMBIER BAFIISr CHUBOH ANNIVSSSARY. The Mount Gambier Baptist congregation celebrated the anuiversaty of their church on Sunday with three services, conducted by the Rev. E.H. Ellis, of North Adelaide, on Monday evening with a lecture by the same gentleman, and on Tuesday eveniDg with a concert and coffee supper. The weather and other con ditions were favorable for the anniversary, and the several events connected with it were accordingly well attended and successful. The rostrum and choir enolosure were prettily dressed with flowers and foliage, and other parts of the northern end of the church were also, The Rw. E. H. Ellis, who is known as oqb of the best speakers of the denomination in the colony, indeed one of tho first pulpit orators in South Australia, came to Mouut Gambier on Friday evening specially for the purpose of tha anniversary, and his several servioes were nnm< erously attended. At 11 a.m., on Sunday, in the presence of a full clmrcb, he preachea an excellent eermon from Jeremiah xlix. SO and 31, in which he enlarged on the points "Dwell deep," "Dwell without care," "Dwell alone." In the afternoon he delivered an effective addreea to young psoplo on " Australian idols," taking as the pivot of his remarka the words of 1st John v. 21-"Little children, keep yourselves from idols." In the evening the church was fnll to overflowing whh a congregation composed of members of all the churo'-.fa of Mount Gam bier. The Rev. E, H. Eilia having oonduoted the devotional part of the service Mr, W, Gilbert, M.P., who came to the Mount with iiiin, delivered, by request, an addreea on "The preoioueness of Christ." The Rst. Mr. Ellis then preached a sermon based on the words of Hebrews iii. 7-" The Holy Ghost saith ' To day,'" of au earnest and impressive oharaoter. There were three times in tha history of a nation, of au individual, and of a ohuroh-first, one of grace, then ono of blind* ness, and then one of judgment, It was so with Israel. Their day of graoa was when Christ came, of blindness when they rejected and crucified Him, of judgment when Titus ploughed up the foundations of Jerusalem and destroyed its people, It was so with the individual, foe the Holy Spirit did not always strive with man. The Holy Ghost said " To-day," and the preacher earnestly and vigorously impressed upon the congregation the wisdom tmd duty of deciding for Christ at onoe. What a day of privileges we lived in ! The day that propneta longed to see; a day of life, of liberty, of pardon, of peace. Nothing was said about yesterday or to-morrow. The obligations were to-day; the golden opportunities were to-day. Might all know the day of their visitation! How few seemed to realise the importance of to-day. Their Uvea seemed to swing between yesterday and to-morrow. "Yesterday," said the oareleSB one, "I had sorrow. To-morrow I shall have joy." "Yesterday," said the gambler, "I lost. To-morrow I shall win." "Yesterday," said the sinner, "I waB tempted and fell. To morrow I shall stand, no matter how fierce the temptation," Men did not realise as thoy should that to-day was the time of graoe, of victory. Procrastination was the Devil'a favorite device to deceive men. He concluded by an earnest exhortation to his hearers to accept Christ to-day, the accepted time, the day of Balvation. Daring the evening service the ohoir sang the anthem " Sing and rejoice," the soIob in it being taken by Mr. and Miss Marks, and Miaa A, L. Hawkins sang 11 Oh, rest in the lord." In the forenoon the anthem waa " I will praise the Lord." At the services Miss Pegler presided at the organ. On Monday evening a moderately large ludienca assembled in the church to hear the Rev. Mr. Ellis deliver a lecture on "Great preaohers I have ra6t and heard," Proceedings opened with the hymn "Stand up, atand up for Jeaua," and Mr. W. Gilbert offered prayer. The Rev. R. A. 0*ldwell presided} and after a few kindly remarka of good fellowship rolled upon the lecturer. | The Rev. E. H. E'.lia said the wotld had had many great preachers and orators, bat aa people lived to be up to date moat of the great preachers to which ho would refer were either alive now or were within the last few years. He then proceeded to discourse upon tha style, the work, and the successes, of the great preachers he had met and heir J, including Honry Ward Beeoher, Dr. De Witt Talmage, Dr. Maclsarao, Ctias. H. Spurgeon, Archibald 6\. Brown, F. B. Meyer, Dr. John Clifford, Dr. Joseph Parker, Newman Hall, Moody and Sankey, Dr. Pierson, Mark Guy Pearce, Hugh Price Hughes, and John MacNeil. Daring his remarks he related many interesting aucodotes of the men ha spoke of, and gave examples of their style. Although he did not attempt mimicry Mr. Ellis gave very tolling illustrations of the manner and emphasis employed by the preachers, and stated the secret of success of each one. For an hour and a half he inter ested the audience to the utmost, and when ha sat down was loudly applauded. During the leotura the choir sang "Break forth, break forth." Misses B. Greenlees and Pegler played the accompaniments. At the close a vote of thanks to the leoturer, moved by the Rev. T. Dowding and seoonded by Mr. J. I. Underwood, and another to the Chairman, were passed with acclamation, and duly acknowledged. The proceedings olosed with the doxology and benediction. The Rev. Mr. Ellis and Mr. Gilbert, M.P., returned to the city yesterday. The anniversary celebration was concluded last night with a concert in the churoh. There was a fair attendance, and the Rev. Mr. Dowding presided. A diversified and attractive programma was provided. Songs were sung by MeBdames W. R. Jones, C. B. Flint, and A* Kieselbacb, Misses M. Williams, B. Greenlees, A. L. Hawkins, M. CollinB, and Chaplin, and Messrs, R. Collins and G. Lienau; a violin sola was given by Mr. J. E. Topham; and recitation* by MisseB Welch and Underwood. A coffee supper, provided by the ladies, was afterwards held, and was attended by the great majority of those who were at the conoert. It was after 1Q p.m. when the proceedings closed. 