A NOVEL LITERARY VENTURE. CATALOGUE OF SIGNS, OMENS, MYTHS, AND SUPERSTITIONS. TO THE EDITOR. CORA LINN DANNIELS. Franklin, Ma[?]s., U.S.A. SIR,— It is with pleasure that we call your attention to a project which we believe will at once interest you, and in which we hope to find you as broad, able and thorough as the now almost universal language which we are all prond to use—the English language, which of itself is a brotherhood, drawing men and women from the remotest places of the earth into fraternal and kindly association, meet where they will. We wish to preserve in this, our mutual language, those signs, omens, myths and superstitions which have passed current in all countries for centuries, and have their origin in religious or nature beliefs far behind the age of recorded history, in the very primeval thought of pre-historic man.. These signs and omens, ranging. as they do from the Tery simplest superstitution, as that “if the cock crows upon the doorstep it is a sign that you will have visitors,” to the occult ceremonies and omens of the secret society of the ancient Essenes, or from the well-kuown fancy that “if your palm itches you will soon have money in yonr hand,” to the Delphic oracles, have hitherto been cited in various works on folk lore, customs, religions, and ceremonies of nations. But these works, relating to but one country or one subject, are wholly inadequate to cover the ground. Many as may be cnlled'from such bopks, they are not inclusive, and do not in any sense comprehend the number possible to be obtained. A firm with whom expense is ho object have decided to publish an Encyclo pedia of Signs and Omens, which they intend shall be as full, comprehensive, authentic, and well arranged as can be produced, and to that end, for some time, a corps of able workers have been giving their time and at tention to the subject, uutil, as a result, we have now 14,000 separate signs,.omens, myths, and superstitions—historical, current, literary, and religious, from all parts of the globe; 3000 of which are verified, either by a state ment of the country in which they are to be found, try what nation or tribe believed, by what authors cited, from what book quoted, by what well-known persons stated, or of whom asserted by historians. The subjects of these 14,000 signs and omens raugo from man, the body, from his head to his feet. Birth, babes and children. Mar riage, courtship and lovers. Death, the corpse, the funeral. The sea, ships, sailors. Vegetation, insects, animals, birds. The elements, sun, moon, stars. Disease and eicknoss. The household, from the roof-tree to the hearthstone. The weird, including ghosts, phantoms, shadows, elves, gnomes, fairies. Jewels, money and business. Cards, games and gambling. Occupations; and very many other subjects, under all of which are sub-heads, which include, as one would at first presume, every imaginable thing. But in the process of carefnlly editing the various matter which has been submitted, it has become apparent that the average of Bigns and omens from any one conntry or any one locality is limited, and the small number ob tained gives ample promise of many more, which, together with local or _ personal or legendary omens and superstitions con nected with families, buildings, ruins, castles, occupations of the peasantry or loss educated classes (who preserve traditions with singular tenacity), and other strange aud stirring beliefs and fancies, often to be found in the least expected places—gives us hope and courage to pursue the work by relying upon the general courtesy, interest, and gene rosity of English-speaking people in foreign lands. We therefore request you to aid us in our work by kindly forwarding to us even one myth, omen, sign, or superstition which yon may have heard or learned among the people or in the locality where this fiuds yon, and beg yon to realise onr gratitude for as many more than one as you can possibly collect. We would add that there has been a prize offered of a very rich and appropriately de signed gold medal for the greatest number of authenticated signs and omens from any one country, as for instance, Bns-ia, Portugal, or Denmark. In carrying out this design to give the world an encyclopedia of its superstitions, which, condensed, easily consulted, properly ananged, and carefnlly authenticated, will conserve in permanent form the racial beliefs, natiooal and historical conceptions of life, with all its attendant vicissitudes, we feel that we shall make au addition to the literature of science which will he welcomed by every studeut of sociology, history, biology, philo sophy, language, physiognomy, medicine, religion, and the whole course of man’s exist ence from barbarism to the highest civilisa tion. 