GHOSTS. WEST AFRICAN SPECIES. GUSH SOULS. The Immense number of ghosts to bo found' here arises partly' from everyone having four scpnratc souls; three of these souls expire with life, and only one survives after death, and it Is not gener- ally held that this survives In a state of Immortality; but when It does survive, It Is a great nuisance and a considerable expense to Its living relations, more par ticularly when It Is the soul of the father of a family, for then It is a perfect curse to Its many widows, and "a very danger ous water-fowl" to their suitors. The other three strictly mortal souls arc mainly a cause of apprehension and alarm to their individual owner, but a source of general trouble and expense as well. The study of the ramifications of spiritual beings Is about as complex ns that of the genealogy of the Emperor of China, and although not so dull, Is far more dangerous;. and, as I feel a convic tion this study will lend me to an un known tomh before my book on Fetish, In seventeen volumes, folio Klr.c, written mostly In cuneiform or early Welsh— for Latin every young lady knqws nowadays —can come out, I .will give you a few rough notes on ghosts prdperly so-called. There Is great trouble In correcting and classifying the spirit fauna of Went Af rica, owing to your having to hunt the specimens through the labyrinths of the Ethiopian, with thlck-fog-ovcrhung mind, us a Gcnnan would say. For some time J thought four families would do, each containing, of course, many genera nnd varieties, not to mention Individual freaks, hut now 1 have been obliged to enlarge the number of families to nine. I will here only refer to tbe spirits of human origin, nnd we will first take the conduct of the souls of the living, and classify them. 1. The soul that survives. 2\. The bush soul. 3. The dream soul. 1. The shadow on the path. . 1. Wo will leave this soul out of the affair, at present, merely remarking that It docs not leave the body during life, hut It soon withers it Its companion souls arc taken awny from It. 2. Tho hush soul.— This Is, I think, confined to ne groes, and not possessed by Bantu. This soul 1s atwnys In the form, of an animal, never In that of n plant, and it Is a wild unlmnl in the forest. If a.man sickens It Is because his bush soul Is nngry at being neglected, and a witch doctor Is called In, who diagnoses ..the case, and advises tho administration of some kind of sedative, In the shape of an offering, to his bush soul. When you walk In the Calabar' forests you will see little dwarf hate with theso offerings under them.. Those, offerings are put In tho place In the forest whore your bush soul was last seen. Unfortunately tho witch doctor has to bo called In to deter mine tho 'spot (which Is expensive, for there la no free medical black. advice In Africa),' because you cannot sec your own bush soul unless you are an "Ebum tup," which Is a rare occurrence. Jf his offer ing acts woll on the bush soul you gel better, but occasionally the bush soul gives great trouble.' This arises from the bush soul not knowing that, by expos ing Itself to danger recklessly, It Injures Itself, ns If you die It dies. A man may be a quiet, nnd respcctnhlo citizen, de voted to caution in his diet, etc., and de voted to a whole skin, yet that same man may have a sadly flighty, disreputable bush soul, which from Its recklessness gets itself Injured or killed, and causes you sickness or death. From this notion regarding the sout nrlscs a good deal of the respect In which old people wcro hold among the Cnlabnr tribes; for, however wicked their record may have been, their longevity demonstrates the possession of a powerful hush soul whom it would be unwise to offend. When tho. man dies the animal of the soul "can no longer find a good place," and goes mad, rushing wild ly to and fro; If It sees a flre.lt rushes Into It; If It sees a lot of people, It rushes Into them, until it gets itself killed, and when It In killed — 'finish," as AT. . Pichault would say . ... Tho ghosts of what wo Europeans call Inanimate things also cause inconveni ence. and. like most t hlngs, living or dead. In West Africa, they cause delay. I and my black companions had once to sit down and wait two and a half hours nt.d.placo on n fairly open forest path, because across it, in fronts of .us, about that time In tho afternoon, the ghost of a spear /low, and a touch from It won necessarily fatal, . And there. in a spring I know of, In the Knoongo district, where, when you go to fill your pitcher, you soc a very handsome pitcher stand ing ready filled. Many a lady, seeing no one about to .whom tho pitcher Imlongs, has picked this up and left her own; but as soon as she has got it within sight of tho vlllago It crumbles Into 'earth, and tho water Is split on the ground. On returning for her own discarded on« that Is always found broken. Then there nre that very vorled and widely diffused .sot of. phenomena connected- with living people sending, one of their souls Into some'anlmal, mtch as crocodile or leopard, to work vengeance on one- j mlcs; hut this oomes under the head of witchcraft, so I will conclude by giving you tho description of a peculiar haunt. Interesting chiefly, to me Iracausc I heard of It occurring to two people, one a Ne gro Jady, one a Bantu. I give you the llantu veralon, because I heard the details of it In full, Immedi ately after Its ocurrence. She had been down river to the factory, on trade busi ness, and returned borne after dark to her house, well satisfied with the results of a day's haggling with the trader. There wus a miserably small fire burn ing in the cook-house, by which her slave girls were trying to cook her evening moal. She blew them up for not having a larger fire, and they sold the wood was wet and would not burn. She said they lied, and she would sec to them later on, and went Into her living room, iTCOumg, on me way inure, in some wot on the ground "Those good- for- nothing hussies of girls have been spllilug some water," she thought, and when sho got Into her room she found tho hanging pnlm-otl lamp was not alight; she sat down on her wood bed, and fonnd there was a lot of nastlncss there. This was not to be stood ; so, dismissing from tier mind the commer cial considerations with which It was full when she came home, she rose up. and went to the door and called for "Jngl- mlna" and others in a slate of high rage. She Is a notable housewife, and keeps her house exceedingly neat and clean, and her slaves In good order; so these youpg. ladles came, "one time," und cuf fing their heads, she asked them bow they dared forget to light her hirnp; they swore they had fit It, but It must have gone out like all the other lamps had, aftor burning down and splutter ing. They had been sitting round the fire, and not bothering about It till she cainc In. So she whacked and pulled the cars of all she could— she Is not very ac tive, weighing, 1 fancy, some sixteen stone— and then she went to her room and got out her beautiful English paraf fin lamp, bringing It out to the sizzling fire to fight It with a bit of burning stick, which, when she lifted it up, she found coated with the damp, sticky stuff she had got Into before, and It smelt of the same faint smelt she had noticed an oppressive when nhe entered her yard. As soon ns the lamp was alight she saw whnt it was. I.e., blood. Blood was everywhere, the rest of the fire sticks were covered with It; It sizzled at the lighted ends. There were pools of It on tho cloan, sandy yard; her own room was reaklng— the bed, tho floor and the stoots. It ran nnd hung In coagu lated gouts down the door posts, nnd lay on the lintel. She herself was smeared with It, having come In contact with It in the dark. She picked a plate up off the shelf, and its impression was there on the shelf In a rim of the blood. She looked In her skillet— more there. The palm-oll in tho lamp3 had got a film of it floating on top of the oil, and Investi gation of the whole of the rest of the house demonstrated that things were similarly afflicted throughout. The slave girls were utterly scared when the light showed with what they had boon surrounded. Their mistress called in some Influential friends and rotations ; they cbuld make nothing out of it, but they said they thought something must be going to happen, and suggested, In the kind, help ful, cheerful way friends and relations have In such matters, that they should fancy It wau' a prophecy that she was going to die without shedding blond, and that Ibis was the blood conic before. This view irritated her, as alio is nn un commonly commonscnse woman, so she sent them about their business, and star ted the slaves house- cleaning. The blood, she said, cleaned up all right, but re-appeared as soon as you left off. She ctoancd on, however, until about 10 a.m„ "before noontime," when It gradually faded off. but the stnell remained about the house for days.- -"Cornhfil." 