“And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.’’ Truer words were never penned, and though the charity of which St. Paol wrote had a wider significance than the word now generally bears, it refers to the quality that is the mainspring of all our, modern charitable efforts—love for humanity. One of the brightest orna ments of civilisation is the number and far-reaching extent of institutions established for the relief of the poor, the sick, the aged, and the orphan. The feelings that actuated the noble Earl of Shaftesbury half a century ago to afford relief to women and children working in mines and fac tories, as well as suffering of any and every kind are rapidly spreading. Not only in the marvellous capital of the British Empire, but in nearly every town and city throughout Great Britain are institutions and organisations for lifting the workers and for affording aid and assistance to. the poor, the sick, and those who are unable to help themselves. Even the municipalities are moving in the same .direction and recognising their duties towards the helpless ones of society. Nor are the colonies behind-hand in this respect. The doors of our hos pitals are always open for the reception of sufferers, from disease or accident; orphan asylums have been established for the maintenance and training of children who have been deprived by death of the loving care of parents or guardians; and benevo lent asylums receive the indigent and unfortunate' waifs of society or assist them to maintain the struggle for existence. Such philanthropic movements-as. the Town Mission, Dorcas, and other societies, amongst which is the-Nazareth House, the new wing of which is to be form ally opened by Dr Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, to-morrow afternoon, are fortunately by no- means rare. Nearly every church has its separate organism for coping with the suffering and poverty that come within its ken, and these societies are increasing in numbers and useful ness year by year, showing a growth of charitable feeling and a more ready recognition of the true answer to Christ’s query, “ Who is my neigh bor And in the extension of this sentiment may be seen the uprising of a force that will ultimately sweep away the present cut-throat policy of trade and remove the necessity for an outcry against sweat ing. Amongst the latest movements for the betterment of the conditions of life and the relief of suffering is a society for the prevention of cruelty to and neglect of children, launched in Melbourne this week by Lady Brassey, who has already shown a keen interest in all that pertains to charity in its highest sense. A similar institution in the old country has numerous powerful branches, and has already accom plished much good. It is a practical embodiment of the principles that guided the Earl of Shaftesbury in ;his successful efforts to better the .condition of. children employed" in factories, As Mr Justice Hodges remarked at the inauguration of the society in Melbourne, experience, hns shown it to have been sadly needed in the old country, and there is “ great work before it ” in our metropolis. Its object, the learned judge pointed out, is not “ to interfere with parental control, and make charitable institu tions do what ought to be done by parents,” but “to the best of its ability to compel parents to dis charge their duties, and if it could not do that by persuasion then to put the law into force.” And police and higher court records show that there are some parents who require to be thus compelled to do their duty by their offspring and prevented from treating them cruelly. It is essentially an educative organisation, and ulti mately, it is to be hoped, society may be bo improved in its condition as to. render its existence unnecessary. But until that happy state of things arrives, the new society deserves a hearty welcome. It will not entail a waste of labor by covering ground already occupied, but will be able to work hand in hand with such organisa tions as the Gordon Institute for Boyß, the Ministering Children’s League (with its “ Cottage by the Sea” for the benefit of convalescent children), and kindred institutions. It is conceived in a true spirit of benevolence and love for mankind, and, if its destinies are wisely guided, should accomplish a great amount of good. The Ballarat Water Commission’s engineer has recommended the construction of large filter beds to treat the whole of the water before it is ‘allowed to rnn into the service pipes for human consumption. The system recommended by tho engineer is that known as sand filtration, which has been found by experience to be highly satisfactory. the filters are supplied direct from the storage reservoirs (in the present case the Opper Gong Gong and Kirk’s), branch pipes being pro vided from the existing main--. The bltera consist of watertight chambers abont o test deep, having concrete or brick lining. The bnttom is covered with row3 of bricks abont 4 inches apart, which are covered with an apper tier laid crossways with open joints to allow the water to pass through. The upper tier is then covered with a layer of broken stone, on top of which is about 3 feet of clean sand. There is a clear water; reser voir adjoining tho filter, which is con nected to tho latter and which is also connected with branches to the main pipes. There is also a ohambor adjoining the fijtor into which the water i3 discharged in the first instance from the reservoirs. When m use, the water is delivered into the lastnamed chamber from the reservoirs, from whence it flows over the surface of the sand, through which it filters. Tbe water then flows through the drains formed of brick, and discharges into tho clear wator reservoir, whence it is again conveyed by branch pipes to the mains. The total filter area would be divided into a series of chambers, one of which would be idle in rotation whilst boing cleaned, so that, as suming the filter to be divided into six chain bors, an additional area of 6160 square feet would be reqnired to allow for the filter not in. USO» making a total area of 36,960 square feet of filter. Tho whole question will be con sidered by the commission at . its next meet ing. Tho Railway Commissioners express great satisfaction with the way in which regrading operations havo been carried ' ont on the Serviceton line from Ballarat to Glenorchy. Mr Syder states that the grado reductions form tho best piece of work which has been accomplished for years past, for a con siderable benefit will result from a compara tively small expenditure. In accordance with instructions given at a previous meeting tho engineer yesterday sub mitted to the Ballarat Water Commission a report on the question of filtration, a3 well as upon the suggestion to substitute a filter bed at tbe site below tbo point at which Gills’ Creek falls into the main aqueduct, for the one already dosignod for Leigh Creek, with the object of dealing with tho water from both these oreoks with ono filtering plant. Tho report is a vory lonethy one, containing a quantity of statistics relating to the com missioners’ reservoirs, and recommends tho adoption of a system of sand filtration, in which tho water is filtered through a bed of sand after being drawn from _ the storage reservoir, and b-fora boing admitted into the main pipes, all'solid mattor boing thereby intercepted, and sediment in suspension in the water being prevented from entering tho re ticulation system; The estimated cost of con structing a filter bod below tho reservoirs on the quarry reservo, is estimated at £13.000; one above the weir, at tho head of Kirk’s Reservoir would probably cost £l5OO. The report will be considered at the next meotiug. of the commission. While the Ballarat Amateur Opera Com pany, by their three successful productions of “Les Cloohes.de Corneville,” have provided excellent entertainment for the public, their efforts will also result in a substantial sum being handed over towards tho funds of the Ballarat. The receipts for the throe nights were £6O, £135 11s, and £l6B. The expenses were considerable, but it is highly probable that the whole of the last night’s takings (£166) will remain as profit. Upon this highly satisfactory result all concerned are to bo highly coinmendod. The committee of manage ment consisted of Dr Davies (chairman). Dr Champion, and Messrs T. Miller, A. Phillips, F. Sauer, A. Levy, T. Moran, J. Deany, L. Phillips, T. Kift, A. Cutter, W. Stokold, T. Anderson, and D. Clark, and to _ these gentlemen, ns 'woll os the performers, is due infinite credit for their energetic aad dis interested efforts.' The new wing recently erected at Nazareth House, a noble institution which affords charitable aid to old and young of all creeds and classos, will bo formally opened by the Archbishop of Melbourne, Dr Carr, to-morrow afternoon. Tho sermon will be preached by his Grace, whose earnestness and eloquence havo won for him a high position amongst the orators of the Catholic prelacy. The estimable object of the servico should attract a large congregation, who will thus bo afforded an opportunity of assisting an eminently deserv ing institution. Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, and other chnrch dignitaries will be present, and tbo service will be an imposing and im pressive one. A little boy namod Easton Baldorstono, 2J years old, was burned to death at Mr Wilson’s residence, Windermere, yo-torday morning. Mrs Balderstone, the child’s mother, who livos at 68 Eurokn street, Ballarat East, was employed by Mr Wilson, and got np to pre pare breakfast for tho men, leaving hor little boy in bed. Before five minutes bad elapsed she heard tbo boy screaming, and on rushing back to the bedroom was horrified to sea the bed in flames and the child in the midst of them. The littlo fellow’s nightdress was almost entirely consnmod, and he was writhing in ag"ny. Tho distracted mother managed to extinguish tho flames, bnt not before the boy had beon terribly burned abont the body and face. _Mr Wilson, after administering borne remedies, drove tho child to tho Hospital; bnt, notwithstanding ov»ry care, he died abont throe hours after admission. While the mother was absent from the bedroom, it appears, the child obtained posses-ion of a box of matohes which stood on a table near the bed, but which were considered to be out of his reach, and set fire to the bed. Dr Gardiner gave a certificate of death, so that an enquiry will be dispensed with. Mrs Baldorstono is a widow, hor hus band having died in tho Hospital about three years ago, shortly bofore the little hoy was born. Tho dieoetors of the Western Plateau, South Plateau and the Plateau Extended mines have decided to place those ventures on the London market, and it is probable that Mr C. Blyth, ex-mayor of Sebastopol, will shortly leave for tho old country to offect the flotation. As tho Sebastopol Plateau, through recent important developments, has come into snch promise a3 a goldfield, it is considered that thore will bo very little difficulty in ob taining English capital for such legitimate mining enterprise. The propriety of floating the South Star Extended and New North Bonsbaw claims in London has also beon men tioned. Mrs J. Devlin, of Egorfon, who is a daughter of Mr John Houtigan, of Gordon, has (writes onr Gordon correspondent) received letters that prove the John Hourigan recently mur dered by blacks in tk» interior of Western Australia was not her father. The latter, as well as his wife and daughter, who accom panied him to the West“rn colony, are now in Perth, and all in excollont health/ Reporting to the Ballarat Wator Com mission yesterday regarding the establishment of a cnmploto system of filtration, tho com mission’s engineer impressed the view that the necessity for filtration does' not arise from having to deal with a seriously polluted or im pure supply of wator such' as i3 often tho case when tho supply iB drawn from a river, which is liable to pollution above tho point from which tho supply is takon, bnt rathor front the fact that tho watershed of tho Gong Gong and neighboring reservoirs is largely com posed of rich volcanic soil, which discolors the water and causes it to contain a certain amount of sediment in suspension. Wherever practicable muddy or turbid water is diverted from the reservoirs or aqueducts, but notwith standing all precautions a certain amount of sodimont is bound to find its way into the pipes and the reticulation system if filtration be not carried ont. This expression of opinion by ono who hashed such oxporiance in reti culation works is interesting as showing tho condition of the Ballarat Wator supply system as compared with those of other centres. The football competitions for the premier ship of Ballarat will be continued this after noon, when Ballarat and South Ballarat will meet. The match will be played at the Eastern Oval, in accordance with the now arrangement mnde by tho football association, and ns tho ground is in good order, and both clubs will be strongly represented, an ex cellent gamo should ro-nlt. The clubs moot for tho first time this season, and the attend ance should be large. Ex-Mayor Morey has presented the City Council with a handsomely-framed group of photographs of the councillors as a memento of his term of office. Tho monthly meeting of the Ballarat Water Commission was hold at tho offices, Grenville street, yesterday. There were present Cr J. Noble Wilson (chairman), and Crs M’Kee and Pearce. Mrs Coffey, of Leigh Creek, wrote asking permission lo occupy abont two acres of the commissioners’ re-erves formerly occu pied by M>h Mungovan.—Tho request was re fused. The city clerk wrote; asking the com missioners to allow a free water service to the sanitary depot at the south-west corner pf Vic toria Park.—The matter was made an order of the dity for next meeting. A letter was re ceived from the Rubicon street Wesleyan Cbnrch, asking that a one and a half inch service pipe should be laid on to the chnroh to comply with the requirements of the board of health. The request was complied with on I condition that a meter be provided when re quired. The land committee reported that they had purchased about 1- acres of land near Kirk’s reservoir at a ooat of A7-. The action of the committee was confirmed. _ The reports of the works committee, engineer, secretary and finance committee were adopted Accounts amounting to £73 5s od were passed for payment and the meeting closed. We have received the following better from jjy x H. Lawn, secretary of the Ballarat branch, A.M.A.:-“ Sir,-At our I«t. com mittee meeting a very hearty vote of thanks was accorded your valuable paper for the very | able advocacy of the minors’ cause in connec tion with the tribute qnestion which is under consideration of this branch at the present ! time. It affords me very great pleasure to tendor you the most hearty thanks of this committee for the very able manner m which you have advocated their cause at all times, and trust that you have rendered material aid in bringing it to a successful issue. The express train from Adelaide to Mel. bourne was nearly au hour late arriving m Ballarat yesterday morning, having been de layed at several stations cn roufefroma variety of causes. The monthly meeting of the Old Colonists’ Association was held in the hall on Thursday last: Mr John Wright (treasnrer) in the chair. The council report wa3 adopted. It stated that “ the wants of our sick and j needy had been duly attended to during the past month, and that one death occurred since your last meet ing, namely, J. T.. Allen. The following names were submitted for lifo membership, with the committee’s recommendation for acceptance: Messrs Richard Toy and William Corbould. The finance committee reported haviog examined the accounts for tlio month, amounting to £32 10s 3d, which they reoommonded for payment." The reports wore adopted, and after a few other unim portant items wero dealt with, the secretary announced that the receipts of the evoniug were £50125. Hitherto the minutes, reports, &0., pre sented to meetings of the City Conncil have been printed at the expense of the munici pality. Recently, however, a typewriter was procured, and the copying of the reports being done by tho clerks in. the .office, some expense has been saved by the conncil. The Trades and Labor Council should have met last evening, but the msoting was ad journed on account of tho charity perform ance at the Academy of Music. At the conclusion of the monthly meeting of the Ballarat Water Commission yesterday afternoon, the commissioners present assem bled in the chairman’s room, where tho healths of Cr and Mrs Isaiah Pearce were proposed by Cr M'Kee. Cr Pearce was warmly con gratulated upon his recent marriago, and good wishes were expressed for his and his wifo’s futuro happiness. Cr Pearce suitably responded. A Derwent Jack correspondent writes to complain of ihe conduct of a young man who, he states, during his nbsenco from home for a fortnight, endeavored one night to frighten bis wife and children by dressing in female clothes, all in. white, and parading the house imitating a woman’s voice. His wife and children went out to see what was the matter, and the youngest girl was terribly frightened. An eldor sister seized a loaded gun and fired at the young fellow, but missed him. The writer says his daughter hopes if the “ ghost" wishes to frighten them again he will choose a brighter night, when she hopes she will be able to shoot to more purpose. All persons who were successful in the recent Eight Honrs’ art union, and who have not yet claimod prizes won by them, must make application to the secretary, Mr W. Hurds field, at the Trades’ Hall this evening. The executive of tho South street literary and musical competition met last night. Mo3t encouraging reports were recsivod from the various sill) committees, showing that great interest was being manifested in the competi tion. The secretary submitted correspondence from New South Wales. Bendigo, Warrnam bool, Stawcli, Gippsland, Geelong, Dayles ford, Ararat, Ivew, Melbourne, Williamstown, Carlton, Auburn, Sunbnry, and Kyneton, all the writers asking for prize-lists, text books, and entry form3. Letters were also road from Sir W. J. Clarke, enclosing £2 2s; Mr William Leader, P.M., 103 6d; Mr A. L. Bickart, £2 2s, as donations to the prize fund. Competitors are requested to notice that entries for all subjects close on 30th May, and that all written work mast he banded in not later than 30tli June. Tho proposed carnival on the Queen’s Birth day, in aid of the Benevolent Asylum, has met with most hearty support. Tho leading vocal and instrumental artists and amateurs have given their services, and tickets are selling freely. Tho concerts will be of a high-class character. At the City Police Court this morning an ap plication will be made by Mr M. Cuskey for a temporary license for a booth at the Eastern Oval for this afternoon. Tho application will bo opposed by certain residents of the neigh borhood, who have retained Mr J. B. Pearson and Mr A. Phillips for that purpose. The monotony of a long-court sitting at Beaufort on Thursday (writes qur correspon dent) was relieved by a littlo amusement. One witness was described by counsel as boorish, and frequent bursts of laughter were evoked by this witness’.ejaculations—“grum ing like a pig,” counsel described it—on occa sions when questions were not understood. Some dogs also found their way into conrt, and dnring the hearing of an assault case the proceedings were interrupted by a very noisy dog fight. A legal gemlemati present gravely said he could understand lawyers going on so, but dogs—really ho couldn’t. Mr T. G. Bunco was yeßterdny elected to the committee of the Ballarat Exchange to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr Felix M’Govoru. Cr C. C. Sboppee’s address on State or Municipal Fire losuranco is now being circu lated in pamphlet form. Tile last page con tains the following addition to the address:— “ Something worthy of note ! The poblio debt of Victoria at the 31st December, 1891, was £4G,804,352. The intorest paid for 1894 was £1,835,714. , The above figures are from the official retarns published by the Government Statist of Victoria, 2Sth Fobruary, 1596. If tho Government adopted State Fire Insurano-, and charged the rams rate of premiums for 10 years as now charged by fire insurance com panies, the Government would not only bo able to pay (out of the profit-) the interest en" the public dobt per annum, but would reduce the principal, for it must bo remembered now there are large numbers who do not insure at all, but if firo insurance were compulsory on all buildings, tho amount now received would be increased by fully one-half.’’ Tho weights declared in connection with the race meeting to be held on Monday, 25th inst., at the R-dau Racecourse, are published in another column. Students of the Ballarat School of Mines continue to secure lucrative appointments in the various colonies, and the authorities of the school are not at present aware of one who has passed his examinations being out of em ployment. Mr J. B. Rankin, who recently went through a conrse of instruction at the school, was recently offered different appoint ments, and has chosen that of a mining manager, at Mndgee, New South Wales. Messrs Morris and Josephs, J’s.P., occupied the bench at the Town Pnlioe Court yester day. A wood carter was fined 10s, with 2s 6d costs, for having driven without a light. A man who was arrested for drunkenness was fined 10s, os he had only recently been before the court. A child named Dorothy Hogan, whose parents live in Main road, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for Revere braises on the arm, caused through a fall. Mo- srs E. Tunbridge and Sons’ Furnishing Arcade will bo thrown open to the public to night nntil 10 o’clock, when the firm will make a special ga-light display of exhibition and other high-class fnrmtura. Messrs R. Tnnbridge and Sons have just finished exten sive alterations to thoir premises, wbioh will enable them to make thi3 the finest show they have ever made. At the City Police Court yesterday a man named Charles Harrison was charged with drunkenness and with using ohseone language. The defendant, who pleaded guilty, expressed regret for his misbehaviour, aud was dis charged with a caution. A few debt cases were also dealt with by the court. Messrs Shoppee, Morrison, Coutts, Murray, and Bickett, J’s.P., presided. Entries for the Y Conpling competition in connection with the All Saints’ May Festival, to ho hold on Thursday noxt in the Debating Societies’Hall, close on Monday with the linn, aocretiry, Mr Thoo. Saunders. The ontranoe fee is Is. Tho Ballarat Liedertafol announce that they will givo their 110th concert, for ladies and gentlemen, in the Alfred Hall on Friday even ing, 29th May, when they will produce the grand op»ra, “ The Bohemian Girl. 1 ’ The ladies and gentlemen of the opera onorns, and an orchestra of 100 performers, with a powerful cast, will take part. Extra tickets for this occasion only have been fixed at ono shilling, and part .proceeds will go to the Benevolent Asylum. A team from the local militia, consisting of two lieutenants, four sergeant-, four corporals, 4fi privates, and ono bugler will proceed to Melhourne, under the command of Captain Laidlaw, on the 25th inst. to take part in the Brassey field firing and marching competi tion. The will of the late Mr John Jopo, of Beau fort, who died on the 4th ult., is being proved. He appointed the Trn3teos Executors and Agency Company, Limited, and tho business will be transacted through Mr William Littlo, district agent for the company. Tho estato 13 valued at £7483 17a 2J, being £l5O realty and £7333 17s 2d • personalty. The testator directs the executor to pay to his wife £2 per week dnring her life; and to his daughter (Mary Conley) during any widowhood £1 a week duringln. wife*. il.fe, to be increased to £2 a week after hie wife's death; also, as soon as convenient to pay to his wife and daughter legacies of £lOO and £5O respectively his wiff to have the use for her life of the and garden in Beaufort occupied hv testator .7 date of will, together with furniture, &a.; b Patrons of the Poople’s Meeting’s are re. minded that from Saturday, lGth inst th meetings will be held in the Alfred’’Hall Assembly room. The programme for to niiAf witl be provided by St. John’s (Soldiers Hilli Literary Union, and will consist of first-class vocal, instrumental and elocutionary item/ Mr E. G. Wollaston will preside. s * The Creswick Agricultural Society has decided to notify the Central Co-ope r ati V n Board that if the delegates of the Manchester and Scottish Co-operative wholesale societies wish to visit that district a representative of the society will be appointed to accompany them and furnish what information is de sired. Cr C. C. Shoppoo has been invited to attend a conference on tubercular diseases to be held at Geelong, on the Ist of Jnn e . jv Gresawell will give an address. ’ c According to the Creswick Advertiser tha poisoned wheat for sparrow destruction issued by the shire council, has in otn 4 c LTf proved entirely useless. At the meeting of the Agricultural Society’s committee If, Thos. Kneale produced a bag which ho hid brought book, and on being opened it was found to be quite musty. Mr K. Ellwood stated that he had some of a similar sort and he only succeeded in destroying one sparrow According to the remarks passed the poison’ ing has to be well done, otherwise the sparrows will not touch the grain. 0 Serious as is the rabbit pest (remarks tha Stawell Times), it is not an unmitiga ed evil to some persons. Within the last two weeks a man engaged trapping them has sent to Mel. bourne more than two tons of skins. This represents 2G.SSO rabbits killed, and ’•’tha is still they come.” CrJ The central board under the Vegotafin,, Diseases Act has held its first meenV Mr J. Harris was appointed chairman, and tha board, proceeded to draft regnlatii’ns under the Act for the destruction of insect pesta aud fungi, and for the election of local boards by the fruit-growers of the respective districts. 0 A conference of delegates from Ihe principal towns of New Zealand, and convened by tin Premier to decide what shall bo done with the funds subscribed for tha snfF-r-'rs by the Brunner disaster, has been oponod in Welling, ton. Mr Seddon statod that between £IG 000 and £17,000 had been subscribed, and the total was expected to retch £20,000. They would want all they could get, however as based on the wages earned by the men killed £50,000 wonld bo required to pnt their families in ns good a po.-ition as oeforo tha disaster. Tha chairman of the central com mittee at Brunnertnn reportod that there wera 40 widows and IG9 children to provide for. Application is made by tho Trustees Eiecn. tor3 and Agency Company, Limited, through Mr William Little, local agent, for letters of administration of tho estate of Mary Franklin late of 14 Errnrd sireet south, Ballarat, who diod on tho 21st April lust. The estate is valued at £1136 7s lid, being £550 realty and £SS6 7s lid personalty, and is divisible between deceased’s next nf kiu. In tho province of Smolen-k (Russia) is a little State practically governed and inhabited for the greater part of the year by women. The State is about 40 miles >qnare, and Pl eiades a number of villages which formerly belonged to tho Convent of Be- gukow. The S.ate is known as the “ Kingdom of Women,” because the male inhabitants emigrate at a ceitain time each year to .seek work in other parts of the oinpire, leaving affairs of heal government to their better halves. The woman mayor presides nt the communal assemblies, where the women di-enss with praiseworthy z-al questions of public interest. The finan cial condition of tha State is said to bo excel lent, and the women have all the pin money they want. The art snbject in this week’s Australasian s by Richards and Cos., Sturt street. 