S CHIIAPTER XV. Valerie Ross gazed with moody brow after the retreating horsemen. She had played a dangerous game, and was not yet out of the maze. What if Roy should meet Count Jura ? Or if Alice should see Roy, and scream. She grew pale and then laughed. It was absurd; she was growing a coward. Had not Jura sworn he would start at once for Italy. - And 'was she not free, forr ever of a sight of the beautiful: girlish face.of her rival and the dark sinister one: of. her brother ' She mounted the staircase and made her wa-y to Lady Darrell's room. Here, she felt, she had one secure friend and ally. Pride .would trample all other feelings underfoot. Lady Darrell received her quietly, yet affectionately. She was prostrated by the blow that had fallen on Darrell Castle, and, though she made no sign to Valerie; by the knowledge of the grief her son was suffering. Unlike whatrValerie had anticipated, she did not judge Alice harshly, but even thought of her kindly, and could not dispel a'va gue feel. ing thab the poor young wife was in danger somewhere. Meanwhile, Roy and Frank Meredith rode on quickly; they both .were silent. Hope was glowing in Roy's breast; the news that Alice had evidently carried away the cards with Frank Meredith's address on them was a ray of light in the grim darkness. They seemed to reach the ruins on wings, so swiftly did they ride. ' You know the place well,'.Roy remarked with a half smilb, as Frank eagerly pushed his horse on in the nearest pPath ; ' though I have lived at the Castle all my life, I never visited the ruins till the othar day.' 'They have a great fascination for me.' Frank answered with a laugh. ' Does no one over come. here ?' ' Roy shook his head, & No; the villagers shun the Abbey; they say it is haunted, Even the owner never comes, but I fancy it is not for fear of ghosts, but spect'es of sorrow that keep him away.' ' Well, it is gloomy enough for anything,' Frank exclaimed, as they reined in their horses, and gazed at the wreck of what had once been a nobln piln of masonry. ' T must confess I think Geoffrey has fallen on the wrong track this time, for even burglars would bhuu it; and supposing they did think of it as ^hiding place, what part could they choose ? It is all so exposed.' Roy. gazed round with a strange thrill at his heartb; the "vision of Alice's sweeo fair face, with the wondrous' eyes and trembling lips, rose before him, and seemed to plead for help.,' : r \- Frank Meredith .must be, right; she had. not wrofiged him, her husband. She was wronged herself, perhaps in danger. He: turned hurriedly to Frank, with' his face white to the lips. 'Someething tells e here,' ho said in n low voice, 'that, you are in' the right. I have a vague presentiment-that she is"'in' ,laiger. W~hat shall we do ? It is terrible to think of.' 'Let us. ride round to the other side,' Frank said soothingly. They moved on over the thick grass and. weeds, and glanced from side to side, but nothing met their gaze save desolation and decay. SStudenly, with an .exclamation,. Frank slinped from his horse, and picked up 'some= thing that lay, on the grass ' What is it ?' exclaimed Roy, alert at once. 'A sovereign !' Frank held it up. ' That proves conclusively that someone has been here, Of course, it may be a stray visitor, and not the men we chased; yet you say no person ever comes here ?' S'So tradition runs,' answered Roy, taking the gold coin, a flush mounting'to'his cheek. 'This looks like a clue, Mr Meredith.' "' It does indeed.' :Frank-handed his rein' to'the earl,-and peered about. ' ' I can see no hole and corner even where they could hide,' he said, after a few minutes'.search.' 'Shall we return' - 'It-is .useless staying longer,' Roy said with lisappointment; then his brow cleared. ' We will come to.night and watch. What do you say ?'. 'An excellent plran;. by then Geoffrey will have brought the detective.' He mounted his horse again, and, they rode slowly back on to the path. ' I suppose it is the animal instinct withir. me,' Frank said suddenly, ' but I feel 'con vinced that the robbery at ' the Castle and attempted robbery last night at'the Grange wern all one plot, and I strolgly suspect that foreign count is in it, Lord Darrell.' ' It seems inorudible,' began Roy ; then he stopped. ' Who are these men coming to. wards us ?' he added hurriedly. Frank'looked for an instant, then with an exclamation spurred his horse on, 'It is Geoffrey and the detectives., " How quick he has been.' The earl drew rein and waited till the riding party approached him. Geoffrey Armistead he knew; but the tall white haired.stranger on his left be did not, nor the three others who rode behind. 'You have travelled on wings, Geoffrey,' exclaimed Frank Meredith, shaking his friend's hand. ' I did not go to sleep, certainly,' returned Mr Armistead, greeting the earl, ' and I have, worked tosonmo egod, too. Frank, our sus 'picions were correct. There is a gang of the most notorious burglars somewhere about here. I have brought down Mr Newton, the celebrated detective, who. has been seeking their whereabouts for some time,' ' They've just fairly puzzled me,' spoke "a keen-faced man from the three behind i ' but I think we have got them now.' ' But let me introduce you, Lord Darrell, to an old friend, air Humphrey: Durant, whom I have mee abroad'many times,.and whose name, doubtlees, is familiar to-you,' added Geoffrey.Armistead. Roy grasped the hand the white-haired stranger held out,' SIt is a name I have heard all my life. Welcome back once more. to your own, Sir Humphrey. My mother will be gliad to see you again.' ' Thanks, Lord Darrell,' answered Sir Humphrey quietly ' Life is very strange indeed. I. was 'travelling to Nestley as quick as trains would bring me, when chance flung into my path my friend Mr Armistead. From him I learned of the robbery nat the Castle, the attempted robbery at the Grange, and the suspicion that the burglars had taken refuge in the Abbey .ruins, my inheritance. Mr Armistead's only fear was that the Abbey' offered them actually no propection, but I can and )ave informed him of the truth r-that it is Indeed 'the very home for such a crew.' SGo on, go on l' cried Roy with flashing ey' es. Sir Humphrey gazed at him with a strange' expression. ' e '.Lord Darrell,' he said quickly. I'.wish to ask you a question; these gentlemen will give me one moment's grace if I draw you aside.' . Frank and Geoffrey bowed. The old man 'and 'Roy - Darrell moved apart a few steps.; . ' Roy Darrell,'- said .Sir- Humphrey, ' you. have lost more thahn diamonds in- this robbery, have you not ? \- Roy bib his lip. - ' Yes,' he said huskily. 'I have- lost :imy wife; 'One oth'er question, and I -ihave done. Was that wife precious to you, or did you regard her coldly?' , -' 'When I married her,' my heart was not mine' to give, but since my return here, one short week only, I love her with all my life;. she is to me the most precious jewel earth can hold.' . The old itan pub out his hand silently, and Roy grasped it, his face bearing witneos to the heart felt earnestness of his words. ' I' hank you for this,' said Sir Humphrey, speaking as with difficulty. 'You look sur pried-aad, indeed, you may. I will tell you all in full afterwards. To be brief now, I will simply say that the girl- you harv married is no low born farmer's niece, but the child I sought for many years ago-the child of my dead son, Fulke Durant. My granddaughter is heiress to all I. possess.' Roy passed his hand over his brow. ' Your graiiddaughter I' he repeated blankly. ' I thought-the world thought you had no kith or kin ' 'As I have thought for many a dreary day. But, come, we must return to the others. You shall know all later on. I was on my way to Darrell Oastle, to make myself known to the child of mny beloved son, when I learned the sad news of her abduction for abduction it must be-and once again I am compolled to wait and hope,' 'We will work hvgethor to exclaimed Roy eagerly. ' And no \--you say they could find nests he ' Tndeedtheycan,' Sir Humphrey as they j,inod the others again. the ruins area seris :of vaults, so large arnd airy. -..There, if we searc shall discover our birds, I doubt n (7o 1l acontinued ) ..Phe praIqreas during 1895 of t Ame'riian life insurance ,efllie--The '.1 of 'New: York-be ats its own previ T'he advance of the company will be a when it is known that of 29 life insu panis:..doing .the principal work in l the United Siatos the Mutual Life of obtained new business " paid for" in to.onefifth of the new assurance "I these offioes,: It held one-fifth of all ance.in force and of. all the assets ac and it received one-fifth of all tt ncooes.--* THROAT A1rsFETIoNS AND HOARSE sufferingfromnirritation of the throats ness will be agreeably surprised at mmediate relief afforded by the uase o Bronchial Troohes." Thu famous "I are now sold by most: respectable c this country atles lid per box. Peopl with a " hackin cough~' a "aligh bronchial aflecticrs, cannot try them as similar '-oubles, if allowed to prog in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic Seo that . the words ." Brown's Troohes " are on the Government Sta each box. -Prepared by Jon I. Bnoa Bo.-ton, U.S ;. European dep6t, 33 Road, Lndnon. England. P The Blood is the source from systems are built up, and from which our mental as well as our physical c If the blood is diseased the body is Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Ec Lags; Skin and' Blood Diseases, Pi Sores of any kind, are solicited to gie world-famed Blood Mixture a trial I ,value. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9.1. Beware of wonrthless imitations and s OLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLoon 5 "The most searching Blood Clot soience and medical skill have brounhh Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Ec Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pi Sores of any kind are solicited to gil to test its value. Thousands of wIVo have boon effected by it. • Sold ev. 2a Od p?r bottle. Beware of worth tionsfii-drl substitutes. ONE Box oF CLARK~sR B 41 warranted to ouro all discbarges Urinary Organs, in either sur (acqui stitutional), Gravel, and l'a;- i? Guaranteed free froin Mercary. Sol 4s. Od. each, by. all Chemists a Medicine Vendors throughout t Proprietors:--THE LINCOLN AND OorrwTRR nnr D OncPAvNy. TLinonln. 1 " If the blood is diseased the b, eased."-Rmembnher that the bloods: pure or impure, circulates thromlgh 'hUl the human body--Longs, IIrt, Kidneys, Brains. [f it is ladu ::! matter it snlpruals diseas on its cu, s( d of Scrfula, Scurvy, Eczomais, BnI S- 1 and Blood Diseasoe, Pimplens, and SN kinds, the effocts of Clarke's Blood 1 marvellous. Thousands of wonde have boon effected by it. Clark's It turo is sold everywhere at 2.. 9d. Bowara of worthless initahiolns and c PRINTED and Published by the P [lENRIY OEoine SKELTON, and T r Cox, at their P'riting Works stroot auea boyan, New oulth 