A- MOTHER'S SIN; OK The Northcombe Mystery, V, ?BT CHASMS. GIRD WOOD. » . - -VO esiSi^ix. . , ; UNDER THE FLA.CJ-P01T. ; To Margaret Grantham Blanohe Foyle was a revelation o! another world. She had had few"friends, and her 'knowledge of Society had been drawn from her school days, and snoh oblique peepa into the waye of the world as may be obtained from a rlgorooBly-ooadncted "finishing Bohool." To this had been added the delightful tonr -eo tho Continent with the Ingram a, and the talking expedition in North Wales. Bait the world of theatres, the world ol Coweu, of Newmarket, of Henley, of Aaoot, of garrison towns, of naval stations, was only known to her as a pleasant vdokodneaa with whioh she had bat the bowing aoquQintarioo which oomsi from reading the novels, espeoioliy the lighter flight of novels, whioh sohooN girls may bay en their railway journeys. Mrs Girdingtoa onbaoribed to Mudso'o, bat the oeriodical box wati clvjayo kept in her bedroom,_ VrhIlo Margaret wca ctippbsed to " ~fe«S Eer inlellfgenco from the boaft-alielves In the morning-ioom. Mrs Foyle hnd married a "man who had money and racing and Yachting tantso. He had oko liked to wander, and frequently took he? for long voyages,^because he liked to be oa board s luxurious liner. It etruok Margaret that there was a life with which Mrs Foyle did not appear' to fad acquainted - the life of the drawing-room, of ladies el birth and onltnre; and indeed, the Boolety with whioh her huoband had been *»ble to make her acquainted was o! the rough-and-tumblo type, which anyone may enjoy who has money to Epsnd oil boxes at the tho&tre;, yachts, houseboats, hotels, and race-meetisgB. Sometimes, Indeed, Mar garet was rather ahooked at the reminis cences which Blanche -poured forfih, and in something, however bright and amusing, ?he W£B not qoito satisfactory. For instance, Margaret was intensely religions-an " Anglo-Gathollo " of an en thociutid description, Mrs Foyle would not even go to church on Sundays, and would play comfo opera at aniaasonabb times. She was apparently heathen, and didn't seem to have even religions instinofc. " 1 oan't think how yon oan go on with out praylflg," eaid Margaret, pained at an emission whioh Bhe could not fail to notice and hoping a Bsrioao tarn to a conversation might be fruitful or moro reason ring. Mrs Foyle simply said, " I don't nndsr ?tand any thing about these tmnga, ion ?ee, I was never taoghfc how to bo a good jlrl. My dad,1 am afraid, was ss godless &s; I am, and my -mother died when I wag a baby." " Then how weEO you brought np ?'' " How ? I was not brought np at all. I (onnd my own way np." " And yon never went to school T" "Oh, yea, to a Board uohool. You see. dad waa horribly poor." 11 Bat yoa did not learn languages and mutlo at a B^ard sohool, and yoa speak Frenoh well and play divinely." "No; I learnt Frenoh amangtt French people, and mnsio-well, I learnt mnslo somehow or other. I don't think I remem^ ber how. It o&me;, I auppone " | " And d&nolng; i" .' Oh, I went to a danoing-school." Margaret looked at her oharge-for bo she hfidlesrnt to regard her-with large, round eyes. To her the cnbjeofc was a snored one. She herself was & little too fotrospootivo and aeU-fmalytioal, and a ohanoe growth, a spontaneous development, were .outside the religions empiricism of the clevotlonal manual whiohwaa horgaide to ohsraoter. "I do Wlahyou would tell me your etory . -nil about yourself," " My dear Margarafc, it wouldn't interest yea In the least. I was born. I grew. I fell in love three or four times, I married. I ohnoked, marriage. These aro all the chapters."' "All ?'* asked Margaret, quietly. " Well, nearly all the ohapters, Lat'o go and bathe, I think I was mer>nt for a mermaid this hot weather." " I'm not sure that you're not a mermaid, orlemethlng of the sort. Yoa don't seem to understand what religion) or responsi bility, or care means," " *"JTo; nor dbmeatio eoouomy, algebra, geology, cenchology, or nay other 'ology. My edaoation wad ehamefally neglected. ,TI don't mean that, Bat, forgive me for laying It, Blanche. Yon are n married woman, and you have done what to me i«ems the most Berioaa thing passible. Yon have left yonr haiiband, and it doesn't aeem to tronble you hi the least." "You think that rather fishy. St Mar garet r " Don't oall me * saint!' I'm not a bit of a saint; but come glrla seem to be so different." .' So they are. Now, I want to tell yon a Beoret. Do you know that there is a de lightful boat kept in the cave tinder the <o1iff? I would give anything to go ontin that boat and have a swim in deep water. If only Diok were here, I'd gelt him to push It down to the sea for as." Margaret somehow felt rather glad that Dick w«a not there. Mrs Foyle per* plezed her, and though her fan Kept ner .mused all' day long, oho began to doabt whether this rebellious wife waa the moat desirable companion for her. She deter mined be very B«riofc with hernelf in re gard to the duty of self- examination for the rest of.Mra Foyle'o visit. Her visit t She had been ooocpted Into the xefage of their home nntil her plana might be arranged. Bat not a word yet had Mrs Foyle trtsld about her plans. She had now been with them ten days, bat Mrs Foylo had not referred to her future, or appeared in the least solicitous about it. She went down the zig-zog path with Mrs Foyle and surveyed the boat In the Q&ve;< " It wants a ooat of tar and & couple of oars, and then we could use it/' observed Mrs Foyle. The weret of being s, woman ia that yoa o&n;'fc get on long withent a man. If Dlek doesn't oome baok coon, ( shall go and make love to the fishermen" at North combe, It's very ignominious to be 3e Dendsnt upon a man to do things that want strength and make yon dirty. I wonder if a coat of aapinall wonld do in Btead of tor. Well, boat or no boat, I mast bathe. This oe>7e shall be my dressing joom," '' I had no Idea it was do large," said Mar garets, who had not been here for many faara. , "It's a Jally old oave, and I daresay emn&glsru; nsea to find It fo ln tho old days, frit's go tip to the top and eee whether the smngglerB have left anything behind them." The oave, whioh was broad enough at the month for a man to stand ereot in it, , narrowed after & few yards, and twisted in its oonree to the left. Mrs Foylo, leaving Margaret to ait down on a rook, groped her way up tt'e" reoeas, and waa surprised to find that when aho reaohed what seemed to be a projection of rook around which she paiaed with difficultyji :a second inner o&ve; was reached where all was darkneea. She oame baok to Margaret and reported tier diao ovary. "I mast see what that second plaoa is like," she said* " Stay here while I go and set some m&tohes.; It's a Bglendid old cave!" "What s strange, careless child-woman r she is!" moralised grave Margaret. " She la just like a eohoolboy home for a holiday." Then came the thought; "la Ehe good?" . Ftioin&ticg;, beautiful, vivaclouo, she certainly was, but Margaret was waiting aniiooflly to know more. Mra .Foyla wens to the house, and the only servant she ooald find was Hannah, whom she asked for matohes. " Matohes, ma'am 2 Matches at this time of day 1 What do you want with matohes? ' Old servants may he inquisitive, but Mra Foyle thought she saw more than cariosity in the woman's face. "Yes, matohes! To light my pipe with, of course." Hannah gava her a bes, laughing. Even .ahe could not take Mra Foyle ?erionily. " To light her pipe, indeed !" she repeated. "I wonder what miBohief she's np to now ? and what in the name »f all that's sensible took my mistress to take in this triokBy bit of baggage to ge poking abonfc in every corner of the place just now! I've no patience with the fool 1" . The "fool" was Mrs Oardington. Hannah's thoughts were hardly disloyal to her mistress, for Bfce bad more than ouoa called her a fool to her face; Provided with her ma'ioheB, Blanche Foylo went bnok to the cave and once more disappeared. Then after a time she cried out,Margaret I Margaret!'' Her voice seemed a long way off, and Margaret followed, seeing that it was Impossible to hold a conversation at suoh a distance. She foxind the explorer at the entranoe to the second cave. " This," she oriod, enthusiastically, " la a perfectly oharming old plaoe1 I would never have credited yon with keeping anything BO delightfully romantio on your domain. Look!" She had made a toroh of some newapaper she had brought with her, and now striking a . match, exhibited the oave with all the oelf-sathfaotlon of a showman at some blood-onrdling mystery in a village fair; The oave was, however, by no meanann interesting. It was spacious, lofoy, end almost symmetrical in its proportions. Un questionably, ifc had the, appearance of be ing the effeot of natural causes; otherwise it would have been difficult to have ex plained tne power wnion naa excavated a chamber In the hard roek, of whioh traceB remained in its ragged walls. Bat it was possible that art and meobanism had been brought to the assistance of nature, Mrs Foyle had a stick in her hand and began to poke the walls, as if to show that there was no deoeptlon, bat she suddenly paused and sorewed up more piper for a fresh light. " Look here, Margaret, this isn't stone ; it's wood. Listen I Why, there's a door of some sort hore, disguised to matoh the stone!" She pushed against it with her shoulder. " A door !" Bhe repeated, staring at Margarat, "and fastened on the other side. Where does that door lead to ?" Margarat, thoroughly interested now, looked at her in amazement. " A door !'* "Yes, a door, without a shadow of doubt, leading I oan't say where; but certainly to eomo communication with your house." " Coma away," said Margaret, shivering in the ohilly atmosphere of the cave. " I don't like these mysteries," "Bat I love them 1" exolaimed Mrs Foyle, her eyes gleaming with eioltemenfc. "It's just thB delightful, oreopy sort of thing £ love above all things. Depend npon it," ohe went en, following Margaret towardu the daylight, " there is a glorious old subterranean passage oonneoting this oave with the house. Tell me, how old is your feonse f' " My father bought it thirty years or so ago from the man whe bnilt it. 1 daresay it la fifty or sixty years old." " Who waa the man J" "An old sailor-Admiral Fortesoue." " A smuggler in his old age. I see it all. Your old admiral retired badly off, and made friends with the smugglers. He found this old oave, and scooped ft out a bit to get more room. They ran the boat up at night, Btored away the brandy, tobacco, lace-whatever it waH-and then he came down and osrried ib np his subterranean passage to the house, and jso drove it oft to Exeter, or London, or Biistol. Capital!" Mra Foyle dapped her hands In glee at the plausible explanation which her Ingenuity had hit upon. Margaret, however, turned npon her with an earnestness whloh almost Beamed fieroe UOEB. " " Promise me, Blanoho," she said, " that yon will not breaths a word aboat this to anyone. My aunt la bo nervous that ib would, I am sure, make her ill if she knew of it, It would sot her imagining all eorta of horrors." Blanche Foyle smiled. This wes the seoondoeoret she had betra aaked to preserve ! in the short period of her visit. But she made no promise. j However, she wao net one to put a matter like this out of her buBy mind. A day or | two passed without any referenos to the diaoovery; but, if the truth is to be told, i she had drawn a rough plan, in which it I was shown that a communication C ran from a given point A-viz., the door in the cave-to the point B, at the hottom of D i.e., the turret Btairoase. Of the aoouraey of this plan 8he was aa certain as if she had j explored every step of the thirty yards or I so for whioh the Becret passage, to fit in with her plan, mnst extend. .Reconnoitring the garden, she found that the old admiral's flag-poet -was exaotly over the site of thd aeoond cavo, and doubtleBS was need by him for signalling purposes. She would have done well to leave the theory thaa beautifully elaborated to abide in its un< demonstrated completeness in her romantio mind; but. unfortunately, Bho must needs aaek additional evidenoo. Margaret waa unspeakably surprised when Blanche one day at breakfast looked rather demurely at her plate and said i "I have been thinking, Margaret, that our dsya ought not to be entirely wasted. I know vou used to be a sort of perennial Santa Clans for the eld and infirm people in the village. I am tired of being bo selfish, and am going to visit the poor." " What! You ?'' " Yes, me J Is that grammar, I wonder 1 I am going to j^orthoombe. I shall go to the shop and bay tea end tebacoo in small parcels. Then yon trill take me to a few of the most rickety old paupers on your list, and Z shall be a ministering angel with my 'baooy in one hand and my toa in the other. It will be rather a lark !" "Blanche, I do wlah yon wenld be serious. Do you really mean this ?" District- visiting to Margaret was one e! the Beriouo things of life, and she naturally re Dented the flippant tone of the new volunteer. " I am in deadly earnest," aald Blanche. " I want to help yon, but I hate weollen and flannel doles. Let me try to give the fiWnon something comfortable. I suppose you wouldn't let me take some mm!" " Certainly not. We only give wine when they are very ill, after the dootor has ordered it. Bat, if yoa are really in earnest, I am oo pleased. It is so nice to find that you feel for the poor--" " Oh, ef oource. I've always had a sort o! idea-I don't know how-that, a« the bard -ttos It George B,, or the other fellow in the ' Pink 'Un/ I wonder ?-well, as some fellow Bays, 'The poor in the lamp ia bad' " "That was Tennyson," oorreoted Margaret, brightly, uplifted a little by finding her eduoation stand by her, after having been made conscious of her ignor ance of English literature by the reference to the others snthors. " Tennyeon! Well, perhaps yon are right. Bat I have been thinking, don't I you know, that I ought to see something of the poor, sot in the' lump-because 1 don't like the smell of corduroys in a crowded room-but in just a few chosen speoimenB. Yon will know the aorfe." Margaret was cheered. After all, might it not ba true that Mrs Foyle concealed a genuine and kindly woman's heart nnder her outward display of thoughtlessness ? Soma good Christian people, she remem bered, will resort to all kinds of well intentioned hypocrisy to eBoape being ridiculed as hypocrites by the sceptioal world. "Then let ne get ready at once," she said. Blanohe pat her aims akimbo and daucel ont of the room. Now Margaret had onas aeon a panto mime. Fnt Blanohe on the stage in the oostnme of a certain fairy who ianoed, and tie air, the geature, the very Bteps of this d^nce oat of the room, wonld have com' pletely prodaoed the effect which she re* membered. - The visit to the village prodaoed equally strange impressions. Mrs Foyle was taken to three cottages. In the firat lived a querulous and xheamatio old woman, who toae politely as soon as she Haw her visitors, and awed Blanche by placing a large family Bible, on the table, the significance of which action the reorult left to the regular officer to perceive. A quarter of a poond of tea brought a glimmer of a smile to the wrinkled old face. The secondjviflit wa« to Mrs Perriam, wife of the gardener at Flag-post Cottage. She was cheerful and resigned, and aooepted two paokets-one of toDaooe for her good man, and one of tea for herself. As eoen as the ladies had left this worthy person hobbled to her onpboard and produced a short clay- pipe, snd proceeded to test the tobacoo for herself, and it is a lamentable fact that Perriam never taated the flavour of thia excellent packet of " Sailor's Glory," which had been strongly reoommended to the benefactor by the keeper of the village store. At the third house Margaret intro-1 duoed her friend, and then went off to pay an independent visit to the schoolmistress, leaving Blanche to strike out for herself. Hero was a perfeotly ideal ootfcage. An old fisherman of ninet/ roosted in a high ohair at the fireside, and was called gron'dad," A oaro worn-loekln g woman, with a farge family of slokly ohildren, shared the room with him. "Gran'dad " was bright, and bad a twinkling eye, bnt Blanohe was assured that he would never ba better than be was in this world, for " his Btummak'a wore out." There was a preposterously large blaok tom-cat oalled "She" and a jaokdaw attached to the establishment, and an oooaslonal bark and & snarl disclosed the presence of a small dog in a onpboard by the fireplaoe, When Mar garet, according to agreement, returned to this cottage, she found "gian'dad" with a long clay pipe between his toothless jaws. The tea had been made, and Mra Foyle had joined the family in a cup. She had the baby in her arms and the rest of the ohildren all round her, and was Hinging them a song with plenty of "patter" in it, while the old man nodded with his head and kept time with hia feet. It waa a pleasant bat wonderful eight to Margaret, who had never been able to obtain muoh inflaenoe over this family. Mrs Foyle finished her song, and promised to oome again. " I like them beat of all," she Bald, as she and Margaret walked away. "The old man la very oallons and In different to all good advioe. His son-the poor oreatnre'a husband-is an inveterate poacher. The woman is well enough when ahe la sober." '?Never mind! I oan get on there. Toat reBpeotable people are too eanotimonl ons. These blaok sheep don't try to hum bug me. I shall go and see them again," And as soon as the eld man, assisted by his con, had worked through the tobaooo, and the tea was running short;, behold 1 Mrs Foyle appeared with fresh instalments, and the family greated her with smiles. This time Bhe did not stag, bat aooepted a chair olose to " gran'dad." " You'vo lived a long time t" ahe began. "Ninety-one yeftrn oome Martinmas," replied the veteran, without removing his pipe. " You've been a sailor, I suppose " Twenty year in the navy. Fifty year at Not'oombe." " Dear me, that's along time. You must remember lots of things/' The old man looted round the room as if soarchlng for a fitting oompariaon for the dimensions of his memory. "His memory's very good," said his daughter-in law. " Ain't it gran'dad ?" " I should think so. I remombei Queen Yiotoria's orownlng." " Indeed ?" "And-and heaps o' things. Wreoka ? Yes, a sight o' wreoks." " And the old smuggling days ?" hazarded Blanche, carelessly, "Smuggling I" repeated .'gran'dad." "Oh, ay, smuggling J" " I should think the ooast about here was a good one for that sort of thing ?" " Well, not amiss." "You remember Mrs Cardingfcon'a house being built ?'' "Ay, the admiral's. Now who'd ha* thought that I remember that plaoe of hie'n when the old house Btood there ? Joe Terry lived la it. Admiral palled her down and built yon plaoe. Hum old plaoe it wero, moreover. Admiral he found her'd gotten a room underground, and built his tower on to it " " Did he make the passage leading to the oave ?'' "Gran'dad" looked at her in virtaoas astonishment. f "What!-the passage?" he repeated, vacantly. "Yes; there'B-a passage leads from the owe nnder the cliff to the tower;" . " Gran'dad " shook his head. He did not understand. - Mrs Foyle took oat her parse. She Beleoted a bright half««overeign-one of her few remaining ooina-and pat it down on the table at her elbow. The old man looked at it, and solemnly winked at it. " 'Tilda," he said, " just yoa stop them ohilder olatterinV He brandished a Btiok whioh Bfcood against the wall conveniently within reaoh of his hand, and the whole family sheered off and went oat into the street. 'Tilda did not move. " Yoa was speaking about a passage," he said, patting oat a hand and toaohing her dress with a long, bony finger. "Now 2 oome to thiak o? it, there was a passage up to Joe Terry's. Led, her did, to the oave. Admiral he bailded hei walls, and pat her a light-hole^-" - . ' "Alight-hole?"' " Ay. I see il man do it. I'll tell ye. Go into the garden. There's a gravel walk rons east and west. Measure her eighteen j feet from east to west;. Then scraf a hole Biz inches deep, and yea'U eome on a kind j of trap-door. Lift her, and you'll see a grating; that's the old light-hole. Now I'll tell ye about that passage. Joe Terry did a bit of trade at night " " On the Q» T.!" said Blanohe. " I believe yon. Uncommon handy her was for runniDg a keg or two of Frenoh brandy. And there's three ohapa left of as as knows the seoret. There's me, my son I Jan, and Lang foe." " And me," added Blanohe. " And yon, misa. And there ain t * ohap aa 'd go np that passage o' night for fifty pun'." 'Tilda Btarted, and a thin amile played over her pale faoe, "G-ran'dad" was coming out strong. " And why ?" asked Blanche. "Frit. Admiral For'ecue, I've heard, used to run down in his Boarlet dressing gown for a bathe, bat he got fri'fc, and give in. They oonld never lay the ghost." " A ghoat I That's grand I Tell me all aboat it." " It wnr Jee Terry's doing. He waB in terfered with, and a ohap went after him up that passage, and waa never heard of again. Joe, yon see, ought to have given the man Christian burial, bnt he didn't; and one day admiral finds a bit of Bso^ing atowed away betwixt some rooke. He palls and palls, and a whole skeleton of a man comes out mopped up in aaoking. It was the wrong-headed chap as interfered. Well, admiral, he had the bones burled in churchyard, bat it wouldn't do. Tho ohap as they belonged to Bse'd 'an stowed away behind the roebs, bat he didn't see 'an buried, d'ye see. And he's alias walking lip and down that passage looking for 'nn. Admiral he ehufc down that light-hole and pattied up every chink and oraok in the door; bat I reckon he's boxed in there still. You've sever gone in the garden at night and heard a rambling like ? I expect he's shifting every stone in the place," ~ " I oan't say that I've heard any noises at present," eaid Blanohe, rising, "Thank you for your Gtory. You'd better pat away that half-sovereign. Ob, by the bye, I may as Treil give yoa this. I think it be longs to yoar son. Yoa may tell him that I picked it up." She placed en the table beBide the half* sovereign a large clasp-knife such as sailorB i commonly use, " Johu Scriven" was Eoratohed on the blaok horn handle; and Blanche, having incidentally inquired whether another family of the same name existed in Northcombe, bad naturally sur mised that it must belong to "Jan" 'Tilda's husband-and ne other Grandfather Scriven took it up eagerly and examined it. "Ay, her ba Jan's" he assented, with a grin, " Sot down to out his 'bsoca* and forgot her! Thank you, miss, and good day, mifla. You'll oome to see as sg»in ?" 