ENGLAND AND THE ARMENIAN MAS SACRES. The following lines, by Mr. William Watson, the distinguished poet, have attracted still closer attention than ever to the condition of affairs in Armenia. Mr. Watson's first sonnet, already pub lished in the Freeman, like those below, appeared in the Westminster Gazette : — You in high places ; you that drive the steeds Of Empire ; you that say unto our hosts, 41 Go thither,' and they go ; and from our coasts Bid sail the squadrons,' and they sail, their deeds Shaking the world ; lo ! from a land that pleads For mercy where no mercy is, the ghosts Look in upon you faltering at your posts — Upbraid you parleying while a People bleeds To death. What stays the thunder in your hand? A fear for England ? Can her pillared fame Only on faith forsworn securely stand, On faith forsworn that murders babes and men ? Are such the terms of Glory's tenure ? Then Tall her accursed greatness, in God's name ! Heaped in their ghastly graves they lie, the breeze Sickening o'er fields where others vainly wait For burial ; and the butchers keep high state In silken palaces of perfumed ease. The panther of the desert, matched with these, Ib pitiful ; beside their lust and hate, Fire and the plague-wind are compassionate, And soft the deadliest fangs of ravening seas. How long shall they be borne ? Is not the cup Of crime yet full ? ' Doth devildom still lack Some consummating crown, that wo hold back The scourge, and in Christ's borders give them room ? How long skail they be borne, O England ? Up, Tempest of God, and sweep them to their doom! GLADSTONE ON HIS COUNTRY'S DISGRACE. Mr. Gladstone sent the following letter to a meet ing of Nonconformists held in the interest of the Armenians in London on December 17 : — Rev. and Dear Sir, — The Nonconformists do them selves honour by the meeting of to-morrow. We witness at the present moment the strange spec tacle of six great Powers of Europe, which between them spend over two hundred millions in each year upon what are termed defences, lying prostrate at the feet of the impotent Sultan of Turkey, who, with their cognizance, appears to persecute and massacre at his will from day to day. This is a con dition of deep disgrace for us all presumably now, and if it continues it is final and irrevocable. Which Power or Powers are to blame we know not. Our country is quite able to cope, not only with Turkey, but with live or six Turkeys, and she is under pecu liar obligations, but she is not omnipotent. I sin cerely cherish the hope that her Government has not been in any degree responsible for bringing about the present almost incredible, yet undeniable, situation. At any rate, it is some small consolation to know that you and your coadjutors are con tributing your share towards rilling full the measure of proof that the people of this country have not part or lot in such a matter, and are ready for whatever duties they may be called upon to per form. — I remain, reverend and dear sir, yours i'aith ully, W. E. Gladstone. 