NELLY PRESTON: |f or, the ewyer's conspiracy. ' ' tUD)IhaB»';BKSZ8raD. < ; I ..v, "4 I "J the antlipr Jf Eram Seaton " Jwsia Msivraa;" " Lucy, tot Factoby Giiii," >i: Bubtaoe, ma Outcast.!' j . OHAPTER '(QOKTmpBp.) ( "I can't beliovo it," oriod Albert Clayton, . witli his usual gonctosity of sentiment and freodom from suspioion. <( It's impossible that yon appoanwioo of shame and remorse :ould bo docoptivo, or tho hearty satisfaction with whioh ho espoused our side Bad as ho was Walsh had not a sneaking1, smooth, do- Jomng way with him. I haro studied him a good deal, and I beliovo ho is what ho seems, whether ho means well or ill. Ho jan't put a face or not a part." "But how oxplain this suddon and unex pected flight?" asked William in a tone of inorodulity. "Call it abaenoe, not flight," returned Albert. "Inexplicable it is to us now, but wait a little, nnd in all likelihood he will ex plain it himself." His listeners shook thoir heads, Mrs. Walsh herself was very doubtful, and most of the others feared the woyst. William Simo sounoellsd the instant adoption of measures to frustrate apy attack whioh might be mado upon them. If Waleh was gone to toil all he had learned, and all that had hApppned him, there was no doubt that Lafly Clayton and Ohipps.would with all speed try to romody the misfortune. ,9till Albert olung tohis hope in the reality of Walsh's.repentanco, and would not admit that bethought he had turnod traitor. And so tho day passed, and ho did not roturn. The morrow arrived, and still he came not. AU the forenoon and all tho afternoon they nervously watched and- waited for htm. At dark thoy were seated fn tho blue parlour, saoh more convinced than over that ho had betrayed them. Albert would not yet admit this, bat he did not so readily and confidently express his fatth in him. As they sat conversing on the subject, the 3oor was quietly opened, and Walsh glided in and sat down in tho nearest chair ho came to. A universal exolamation, greeted his ap pearance, and hll rose and g&zed; upon him. was very palo and seemed wearied and exhausted. His chest heaved, as if it was weak and panting for breath, but there was s light of pleasure in his eye, and an expres- lion of satisfaction on his features. "Oh, James, whore havo you been?" asked hie wife, as she hurriedly approaohed him. " You -thought, of course, that I had de- lerted," he said, in a faint tons— "gone off to seo Chipps -with information against you all All, I seo you did. Well, don't wonder , at it, for I deserve to be suspected, and the aeoretway I wont off looked traitorous." " Wo had all bad thoughts of you except Albert," cried William Simc. " Ha would never allow us to say that you bad turned false,; hut was strong in tho belief that you would return with an explanation." "Did you, sir?" exclaimed Walsh, his face flushing with pleasure. Woro you so generous towards. me — you who had most cause to distrust mo ?" "Pooh," rejoined Albort, "I am pretty good at knowing what stuff a man is made of, and I saw. that there was no humbug about you. .Whon you woro found to have.' gone, I said so, and I havo not been deceived —that's all." "Bless you for yonr good opinion, sir," rejoined Walsh, in a grateful tone. "It is not the first timo you havo said so, '.and your words, as .much as nnythjug, made - me re solve to do right. Well, I would have told you I wns going, hut I thought if you know my intentions you might try to hyider mo. Besides, I did not know if I would succeed, and I don't like anybody to know whon I fail. However, I haven't failed, for hero's the paper." And as he spoke he drew from his bosom a folded dooumont, and handed it to Nelly, who stood in front of him. " My fathers will !" exclaimod Nelly, who recognised it in a moment, and stood with it in her hand, Btaring at Walsh in astonish ment. The latter nodded, winked, and smiled in a satisfied way. "How in all the world did you get it?" in quired Albert. "Went to Leeds for it," answered Walsh. "I couldn't rest till I got that paper, for I thought it would be some small atonement to the girl for my share in her bad usage, nnd servo to ahow you all it wus no sham repent ance that I professed." "Then you saw Chipps and demanded it of him." "Not likely," returnod Walsh. " I knew that was the worst way to go abo.ut it, so I did' not attempt it. ChippB knows nothing about it being horo, but thinks it quite safe in his secret drawor. How I got it there, or into the houso at all without anybody seeing me, it doesn't matter. There's the will, and both Boh PreBton and Chipps are dono out of tho property." , " Bravo !" oried Albert. " That's a stun- ning trick. Wo have tho ball wholly at'our feet now ; they are baffled at ovory point." "Oh, James — James!" screamed Mrs. Walsh, as sho sprang forward to support her husband, who hud suddenly placod his hand upon his breast. She was just in time to re-, eeive-him as he fell heavily forward. He hadfainted. This throw them all into great agitation, out by Albert's presence of mind ho was promptly conveyed to tho room he bad so long occupied, and laid upon his bed. In a fow miuutes ho revived, and confessed that the journoy had been too muoh for him, and that it had knocked him up a good bit, but ho had no doubt a few hours rest would re vive him." "_Tell me," cried Albert, who had a pain ful suspioion of the truo state of the' case, "did you epend'any portion of last night in the open air." Walsh hesitated a fow moments. "Well, yes, I did," he at length replied. "I was forced to watoh a while opposite Chipp's door for an opportunity to got into the house.. As luek would have it, he did not soon go to bed, and I had to stand waiting \- for a oouplo of hours or so." " And where did joh spend the rest of the night?" asked Albort. " Oh, in a snug plaoe," returned Walsh. " Was it under a roof ?" "Well," laughod Walsh, "if you will have it, I spent the seat of a night in a hay stook ouiside tho town. I had strong reasons for not going to any house in Leeds, as' I wanted to be off here by tho first train." " I was Bure you had spent the night in suoh a plaoe," observed Albert, Blinking his head. " How did you guess it ?" asked Jim, with a ourions look. " By those seeds on your ooat," was the quiet answer. " Gad, air, you would make a capital de tective," said Jim. "But," he oontinued, "I was baulked aftpr all, for I fell sound asleep, anil didn't wako in the morning till after tho train had passed. Tho next was a mail, and confound it, I hadn't the full fane, so I had to walk soveral miles." " Good God !" ejuoulatod Albert. " Tho exposure and fatigue after suoh a fever." " My poor husband," sighed Mrs. Walsh, hor arms about hie nook and kiBsing him. Margaret also oamo forward and took his hand and Nolly said how very sorry she was that ho had endurod so muoh for her. . " What was it to what you endured at my hands?" returned Waleh, who was shaking and shivering with a new attack of fevor; He strove hard to suppress all manifestation of siifforlng, but soon his brain was again affaotod, and onoo more the fever-fiend had him in his power. Weak as ho was, this re lapse shook and shattered him to a torriblo degree. On tho. eighth day the dootor .told him that tho crisis was come, and shook his head sadly in prospeat of tho issue. He was then sleeping a restless, troublod sleep, not tho calm, tranquil slumber bo had' formerly enjoyed, when tho delirium left him. The dostor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. About midnight Walsh awoko and knew them all. Tho dootor took hold of his arm and felt his poise. It was wild and ir regular. He ordered soothing powders and rose to go. . In tho blue parlour ha waB surrounded by the anxious watchers, who asked his opinion of the state of the patient. " Do not bo afraid to toll us plainly, doo tor," sobbed the weeping wife. "Out of a kind feeling you may be tempted to deceive us, but it will bo a mercy to declare to ub tho truth.!' '" I am glad ypn have put it to mo thus," returned the dootor. "My painful duty is to inform you that he will not recover." " Goth's will be done," groaned Mrs. Waleh. And sho turned away and procecdod to tho chamber of Bicknees. Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the question bluntly to Mary. She was too true to his best interests to deceive him, and told what was tho doctor's opinion. To every one the near and certain prospect of death is solemn and awful, but however firmly and composedly they may be ablo to look at it, to most it is 'dreadful to contem plate, while to some it !b utterly appalling. Of the'Iat'ter number was Jim Walsh. The circumstances in which tho eolomn .prospect lmd approached him, tiie position in which it had- fqund him, made it doubly gloomy and' terrible. But' lately ho had scoffed at the hereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ail, but that was whon he was strong and full of robust life — it was when he was in the full and unchecked tide of his wiekod career. Now ho was stricken down with weakness, , life with its concerns was ebbing away, and he was brought face to face with tho solemn problem. Ho could not so scoff and sneer at it now. Tho divine witness within him rose , up to foroe its cluims on his attention, and the deep instincts ofa his soul would not cast aside that future to which it was so vitally and essentially related. There are men in our day who, led on mainly by scientific research and discovery, have gone far astray from tho ancient land marks. Tho Bible, they say, is for the most part a collection of Deaiitiful fairy teles, im mortality is a mere matter of opinion, God is " an eternal, not ourselves," or " a stronm of tondonoy " that makes for righteousness, and lifo itself is a thing to bo lived in righteous ness and solf-denial cortainly, but not as in tho sight of a divinity that shapes our ends. It is, howover, in tlio day of sorrow, in tho hour of death, that religion has her triumphs; - those times when earthly voices are stilled, whon a heavenly power irresistibly manifests itself to us, and we feel that tho great artioles of our faith rest not upon doubtful interpretations of obscure passages, but upon tho witness of our hearts and tho experience of our lives. : The result briefly and shudderingly ar rived at by Walsh! was thnt there was a hereafter, nnd he was about to moot it. 1Ye say shudderingly; for if it meant anything to him it meant retribution. There lie' lay steeped in sin, covered by a very mountain of transgressions, any singlo one of whioh must produoe a fearful reckoning. No wonder then that Jim Walsh was appnllud when he know that he had only a few days— perhaps only ufew hours— to live. One comfort there was for him) and ho could not help clinging to it. His litst deed — that ono in the doing' of whioh ho had virtually -sacrificed his life — vkns of an atoning kind — atoning, that is, in a human sense ; for . it was tho. rendering a signal servico to a girl ho had wronged. He was not a little satisfied at having done it, even though it had led him within the portals and gliadow of death. But oh ! ho bitterly felt that this availed not to atone for his wustod life— his longcourso of vice and orime — and in his extremity lie asked his weoping wife for aid. Four days of respite were granted hini, and during that time by, tho help nnd direction of those who surrounded his dying bed, he wso prepared in some Bmnli degree for the' dread realities of that world on whioh ho was about to enter. He was told in what direction to look, on whom to rely, and taught to repeat a hymn, whioh he uttered witli a vehement earnestness. On this raft he committed his departing soul to tho dark and swelling Jordan. Who dare say that he was engulfed and carried down tho eternal rapids? And yet he could not presume to depict an end liko his in colors too bright. At tho best it was a despairing venture, and tho trust he was enabled to place in Divine meroy was a trembling trust. His hope sprang out of utter abandonment ; his faith could not, perhaps, he defined. And so ho died ; and his faithful wife, who had wiped the doath-damp from his brow, olosed his oyes and breathed a prayer for his-fiutter- ing soul, about to wing its way to tho bur of judgment. Lot the veil hang down, let none of' its sable folds hs disturbed, let us loave tho dead one to the justice and meroy that reigns be hind it, assured that moroy will joyfully descend whore justice can give her room. He was buriod in the Necropolis, followed to tho grave by very few, hut Albort Clay ton and William Sime lowarcd tho ooffin re verently into the grave, and tho former dropped a tear on tho lid before tlio earth had time to fall and cover it for ever up. Oil their way back, when passing a stationer's shop, Albert nhanoed to glanoe at a printed hill- whioh contained tho contents of that morning's paper, and one line whioh met his eye caused him- to pause and start. Tho line was this : "Death of Sir Humphrey Clayton." ' Gftaptct sjttt AUJJ1RT CLAYTON HAS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. BELL, THE SOLICITOR- OHIFPS AND BOB PHBSTON WONDER WHAT HAS BECOME OF WALSH. Albert rushed into the shop and bough s newspaper, and be and William wont into an entry to read an account of Sir Humphrey'! death. It was a .short paragraph, nnd stated that the Baronet had died suddenly two days previoii&lytat; the family residence in Leeds. It was added that, owing to the recent melancholy death of his sou, tho estate would go to the ohilri of his third marriage, who, being a minor, would no donbt be placed under trustees. "Thin event calls for prompt notion on my parti" exclaimed Albert, as hurriedly folding up the paper thoy isaucd again into the street. " I must instantly be off to Leeds, aud rry ont my resolution of consulting with Mr. C«eli, and patting the oose into his hands." Accordingly, that afternoon, Albert, in his makeup as a Frenchman, with wig, mouataobes, nnd speotacl.es, departed in the train. It was (lark when he reaohed Ldeds, and He pr6tf&3ed dircot to Mr, "Boll's chambers. - He had not seen that gentleman for 'several years — soldop), indeed, since he had ceased to act as his father's lawyer. He wondered, there fore if he would recognise him, and thought if he did, what a shook he would receive on being visited by one whom hie considered dead. \- Musing thus, he rang the bell of the solicitor's ohambcrs, and the answer to his iuquiry, if Mr. Ball was within, was made hesitatingly in the affirmative. The girl looked'with a mixture of 1 curiosity and suspicion at the very Frepch)ook- ing personage who stood before her, and held the' door in her band without inviting him to come in. " Can 1 not see Mr. Bell ? " inquired Albert. 11 Is he engaged ? " " I think he is," sho answered. " He has 'juab got diDner, and he always ' has a sleep after it. Forb&ps; you would oall ogain if your buniuess Is uob very important." ' It doeR happen to be important, though," observed Albert ; " and as bo is closeted only with M6rphtiUft,l'll take the riek of interrupting the consultation. Will you please, therefore, show me to hiB room? " Seeing that the queer-looking visitor was not to be nut off, the girl led the way along the lobby, and showed him into a room shelved' round aud furnished with a very largo buei'ness table., This was evidently the solioitor's ofllce. The table, immense as it was, groaned under the piles of t&pc-securod; papers. The shelves wore filled with uumerous other packages and neatly painted tin boxes. In front of the table was a capacious chair, covered with black leather, and' at ono side was a cushioned ofa, apparently for. the accommodation of visitors . Albert eat down on the latter, and had not watted long when tho door opened and the lawyer entered, rubbing his eyus, whioh were sleepy iithe extreme. Glenrly enough ho bad been reused from a sound imp. a 'Mr, Bell had more the nppearance of a jolly, jovial alderman tbau a lawyer. His corpora-, tion was really somgthing to boast of, being . nob only huge, but well-proportioned, and Muataiued by a pair of stout sturdy understandings. His neck was somewhat short, bub upon it thoye was a largo round head, well covered with light, curly hair. Ho had a pleasant, open expression of countenance, a' small moytli, ashortnoae, and a very sparkliug and intelligent eye, though at that moment it was, as we have said,' in a very drowsy state. One very prominent feature was a broad oxpansive brow, showing a full development, of the reasoning powers, and giving assurance tbnt he was intellectually qualified for his profession. Beotowiug a look of inquiry on his visitor, Mr., Boll went' forward to ttie table, and de posited his corpulent hpdy in the easy chair,' during which prooens Albert was quietly divest?' ing himself of his wig, moustaches, auu specta cles, whereby he was cbanged'from a shoulder- shrugging Frenchman into a well-favoured youth WiUi a bright, laughing eye. Tho metamorphosis naturully made the law yer look at him more narrowly and fixedly; "A medical student who has got himtclf into a SQrape,"fchoughtMr.Bell,who but dimly caught sight of his features. Albert rose and camo silently to tbe other sido of the table, whero the gas shone. full upon him. There ho stood with his rouud blue oye fixed on tlio lawyer, and a smile playing round his mouth. Mr. Bell started, rubbed his eyes more vigour- ously Uian before, and stared at the youth in nstoti)8hmeut. It requires something very ex traordinary to throw a lawyer— eipocally a shrewd, aelf-posHcsscd lawyer like Mr' Boll into aueli visible amazement. For some moments Albert spoke not, but stood enjoying tho astonifkrpent uud porplqxity, depicted on theather's fact. " Do you kuow me, Mr. Boll ? " he at length asked, 6triviug all ho could to suppress a twinkle <in»hie oye. " Know you. ? " repeated the astouishod law yer. (< I think I do, and if I do, by Ileavcu ! I must ltd speaking to a ghost." Albert inughod outright. . " Does a ghost coino disguised in wig and spectacle P " bn Mid. i " I don't know." nuswered the solicitor, " I never had a visit from one boforo." > " I should think not. Well I am nob , ono either. I am distinctly in the bodv, I cau assure you." . " Then, am I right in supposing you lo be Mr. Albert Clayton i"' . £ You never were moro 'correct with a sup position. I au) thac individual." . " And. you were not drowned in Waterloo Lakn ?" " Certainly not. I was very nearly murdor- ed there, but, as good luck would have it, I whs pulled out after my juur.lorer had gono off. rieerajng tlut his kind iutenlions towards me had. been ontirely fulfilled. My deliverers. restored; me_ to animation, aud I thought it ns.well -to .keep retired for a time. My father's death has, however, brought me out of conceulmont. and I liavo come to you to get advice, 'and in faot to piit myself aud a very singular case iu your bands." ; " Bless my sbul and body! I waa never moro BHtuui&hud; iu all my life," ejaculated Mr. Bell,., recovering rapidly, aud getting into, his uual; state of coolness. " It wan an intended murder, was it? Who wanted you out of the way ?" " My stepmother, Lady Cluy ton." "Gnod Heaveu ! was that the way of it? She. wished the estate for bur own child, and hired' the umn who went with you to the lake to put' you out of tho way ?" " That is. exactly it," replied Albert. " It is a shockng business : and thoy say they, think you are dead ?'' ' " They've not a doubt of it— neither her lady- ; sbip.uor Mr: Chipps, her lawyer.", . " Ha !" exclaimod the nolioitor, patching bis; breath, " bad Chipps"a hand in it ?" ' , "He was art aud part. He it was. who arranged, with the murderer, aud bargained 'for his services," " Woll, I'm glad of that, I've long had a hatred of that low, ouuning blackguard, but if. we can make this out 1 have him neck and heel iu his own trap, I would give a good deal to pcc the long-necked rascal swinging iu 'a bat ter, nnd hor ladyship with him, for i havo al ways been of opinion that they aro equally , had." "'Six.' and half. a dozen," rejoined Albert. - " However bad thoy are we can't puLthcm in a halter, for you see no murder wus committed," " Wo can transport tbera, though," "Fosribiy, but I don't want, that, cither., Wbtt 1 waut is to bitfUo thorn both by getting! tbe wtuto for, the rightful heir." "Any easy matter, that, at nil events,' said' Mr, Bell. " AU you have to do is to turnup at the houiko and got yoursulf served." ( ' " Myself ? No, no, I am not the heir," \" You aro not the heir of Clayton ?" said Mr.! Iteihyii great surprise, "Thou who is "My nephew. Tbe only son' of my elder brothor." . . v. .'Whew 1" aaid the solicitor, laying his two bands on bis ample pauuoh. '"Another mystery." , ' 1 Ye( ; atid more of the same vilo plot. Bui I think it betterto lay the atory before you in detail. It is rather a long one, but as it will pivo you infor.m&tiou; whioh it is of the utmost .importance that you should have, if you can spare he time, I shall " " oay no more," uried Mr. Bell, who was now fully interested. "1 am disengaged for the ovoning, aud were I not, I would make myself free, for this ia a mutter of paramount import anoe. Just wait till we got a bottlo of wino, aud then let mo have tho whole affair." " A bottle of wino and two glasses, Bessie." " Yes, sir." BoBsie vanished, aud quickly returned with the artioles named. It was something rioli to see how she stared, first at Albert, and then at the wig apd spectacles that lay on the table. She was tuo discreet a soiwsnt, however, to take auy further notice, and made her exit, after bestowing auother wondering gtanoo on the strango visitor, "Now for it," said Mr. Bell, pouriog outo glass for himself, banding the bottle Across, and laying himself out at fall length iu his easy chair. Albert drew forward the seat to whioh Mr. Ball pointed, sat himself down and began his narrative. Bricfly,yet succinctly and minutely, lie gave tho substance of all with which tho reader has been made acquainted in the fpro going chapters. The lawyer listened not only with pationce,( but with absorbed attention — fche story, ns it was told, bringing -to his fuce varied expressions of indigiiHtion, satisfaction,' md delight. At that'poiut which related to Harry, and the cruelly to whioh he was subject ed at the haudtt of Chipps, his teeth were sot firmly together. His oyes flashed und bis bands twitched nervously. The villauous plot against Nelly likewise provoketK hiui to honost anger, out other poriious, especially towards the close, whioh -made all things secure for justice, gave Imh intense delight, " Gad, Mr. Clayton," he exclaimed, whuu Albert was done, " we huve tho ball ontirely at >ur feet. Yon have managed the matter nobly, And circumstances have played into our hands with singular good luck. Wo are in u position to diivor their hellish eohomc to atoms, nnd 1 shall ain a triumph ovor Chipps whioh will hilly repay the ovil trick he and ber ladyship did in felting me ousted as your f&tbur;'s agent." " Thnt," returned Albert, " wua a stop I itrongly disapproved of und doplorod. but iny !ather was gotting wak in tho mind, and Jeze- SU'Bma gutted iUOUs powSr .ret liira -S rttt'ta1, lor turn, i euspsct, boing tho puppet off "h, I understand tho thing perfectly/ srid! flr. Boll. " It doesn't matter.new, for we oanl . )afflo them, ond that's everything. . Tbe doatttl if .Walsh, of course, prevents us from preMingJ igainst them tbe orimo of intendod murder, and,! is you say, it might do us.no good to briugu» Uhipps for his conduct to the poor hoy. It wUr » euougb of revenge to' us and mortification to ihem to knook away every plank from beueath ihoir feet, and leave them floundering in the nud." " Then you will take the oase m hand P said toe youth. " Won't 1 1" exclaimed the solicitor. " Never, lid I enter on one with more gusto. -Let mo ice now. If they are audaoioua enough to show , ight, as I beliove they will— for Chipps, like the xorro that he is, will crawl though ho is chopped Into bits— of courtfe, thoir defence against the slaims of Harry will be thac he is illegitimate. " Deborah bjekson can prove the opposite, .. laid Albert, hastily. " Of course she can; and probably wo shall be able to hunt up tho certificate. But the plea, , &veu; if it stood good, would not help them a oit,'for suppose Harry's olaim set aside, yon some iu next. Thoy can't make you a bastard on any pretence." "Thank goodueqs, no," said Albort emphatic ally. "But Harry is not illegitimate, aud nothing shall keep him out of the estate ; I would not take it, even if the law gave it to mo." ' Well, well," smiled Mr. Bell, " all very good. I don't tbmk you'll have an opportuuity for the. display of such magnauimity, for, if I cau reiy on all the points ot yuyr story, as no dpubt I may, it will not be difficult to moke the boy's claim good. It ib tho duty of a lawyer to anticipate aud consider tho defouee wlxioh it m probable or possible for the opposite to mako. I by no means think it likely that Chipps wilt ad viso her ladyship to contest Harry's right, see lug- that neither bis success nor his failure can do her the least good. Besides, you are the only party to take steps against him. And wore you a greedy, (pasping advonturor, and I a law yer of the Chipps stamp, I liavo no doubt wq might manage to defraud the boy, and put yof in'te possession of Clayton." " (to bb continued.) 