TRUE AS STEEL. 1 * - 0Y MARION IIARLAN D.) Author of ' Aloni-:,' ' Hidden Path,1' ' Moss Side,' ETC. CHAPTER X, — ( Continued ) SILENCE A LA MORT. In five minutBs more, I ho awful quivi of the arbor would have fcc:en broken in ?'?'upon. Since the discovery of what lay there was to 1jr made without her ngency, it only remained for her to h brace mind and body, to husband lift strength nnd wits, for the most teriftic ordeal of all. Shu shut hoi- eyes f jr oiip minut3, ar.d lear.ed back against the ? wall in tl o shadow of tho portico-roof. Nobody noticed her, and Nature de ?manueu t,ne rener. one wonavria aicrr waul if she lmd slept or swoonccl in the brief oblivious space. Whichever form of forget fulness came to her -help, ib was bani-hed by the slrungo Iiu^-h tW, brooded over the afirighted throng about her. She unclosed her eyes to see the yellow glimmer of candlc-s and pitch-pine torches, struggling with the white moon light in tlie procession tl at filled the main walk. . Bareheaded men, whose ' horror-stricken countenances and slow tread contrast od oddly with their even ing dress, hearing and suriounding some thing heavy and still. Slie saw a group of negroes bringing up the rear, and that they led L'o in a leash — then, Mis? ; ? ; -Mahala, appeared at the window of her room,, looking out upon '.he long back porch, and calling chriily for 'Hadassah Todd !' 'If she is there, she must come straight in here ! I want her !' Tiie silent ranks opened to let her obey, and she bowed in mechanical iiUKUuwieugmeut/ ui iiiu cuuiuesy as sue moved between them — pale as a ghost, but so was many another young face there. The probability was, she argued, ? that she was suspected of complicity in tho deed. She had been dogged by ' others as well as by Shelby, or the stained and burned skirt had betrayed ?her. Conjecture was useless. She must prepare for action — be fearless for her self — dumb for the fugitive. : ' Silence a la mort I ' ' The phrase leaped into her mind as if it had been repeated audibly in her ear, and with it a story Max had read . .. to her and. Violet in his last vacation, of an officer in the secret service of the' First Emperor, who, in carry ing out a confidential order of his sove ; reign, was arrested and court-martialed upon suspicion of treasonable correspon dence with the enemy. The Emperor presided at the court, and when the sen tence of disgrace and imprisonment was passed, the faithful emissary cast one glance of agonized appeal at the calm, '. severe fao3. of his demi-god. There was no sign of compassion or remorseful ; memory, and the brave servant's heart and. reason failed him together. Hp. lived for years longer, but thenceforward spoke but one sentence — the woids . which had been the parting admonition of the iron-hearted chief in their private interview — . ? i' Silence a la mort'' Hadassah thought out the motto and the tale; remembered how tho sun- j ? beams wove a hallo in Maxwell's hair, and flecked his book a3 the three coni rades sat- on tho rustic bench in tho . grape-walk j how the leaves had rut led overhead and tlie robins twittered to their young in the old apple tree behind them; how cool and lovely Violet had . looked in her thin bluo lawn ; how like a young Apollo her lover; saw it all — a picture, bright, peaceful, and present — by the time Miss Mahala seized her arm, ? pulled her into the store-room, and shut ? '^oub the sight of the crowd. ' Honey !' It was a homely address, but it was wine of comfort, tonic of ? strength to tho auditor. ' Ther' ain't a creatur' here I can depend upon but , ...you, and they're a-bringing him into my room. Morris says, they must. Put that on over your dre3s !' handing her the gingham overall. ' Some fool of a : ? nigger sot a candle under it, and came ...??? near burning the house down. But \- 'twill keep you clean I' Without seeing that ITadassah laid it ' aside, she hurried back to the bed. 'Now if you'll help me turn this mattress ! This sheepskin next — to keep spots off the bedding. They toll mo he's bleeding awful! And there's the sheets 1 Double tho lower one, so's it can be slipped right ofl', Pillows \- next!. No bolster; We're all ready, gentlemen !' The bed was low, broad, and firm, The spinster was scrupulously neat in her, personal belongings, ready in emer ;i gencies, and a marvel of self-possession . .among wotnen. Tho couch, was spread ? with, an eye to surgical and possibly mortuary requirements, the while the invalid's 'comfort was consulted. For ,„--tho form the bearer's laid carefully down was not breathless. The eyes were ??'shut,- the features pinched as by the ; frost of death ; there were gray shadbws about the mouth and under the eyes; and tho slender, purple stream ; still trickled slowly from tho back J of tho head along tho flojr, and 4 upon .the coverlet. Morris Humphreys ' and Dr. Washburne, a physician from V the neighbourhood, bent over it, when the others drew back. Miss Mahala had j a basin of water ready, a sponge, and ; linen cloths. : 'You hold that, child,' she said, r thrusting tho bowl upon her reluctant assistant.' 'And if you please, gentle men, we'd be Hie corifoi tabler for a : brenth of fresh air. Judge Ilutuphieys, your wifo is in a dead faint in the ; parlor. 'Twould be a good plan for you ; to speak a word or two to her, wlion she [ comes to.' 'Don't let her come in here 1' ordered Morris laconically. 'Wo must be quiebl' ' Jusl as I said! Must be quiot!' echoed the emphatic housekeeper ; nnd at her stride toward them, the, group., it;.. ill1? background dhappcuvd in'o, tit outer rorirn, where t l.e jets of fresh blno dotted the fbor between the double row of laden t-t'n'.rs. ' Miss Mahala shut the door, and thr-r. remained in tlie chamber but th wounded man and the four attendants. Dr. Wa=.h!itrne was tha only ono collec ted enough to mailt the demeanor ol his companions, arid to his apprehension, Iladassah's neive was not inferior to thiit of the sharp -visagctl head-nurs'. Without quail or quiver, she held the basin in the position indicatKl by Dr. Humphreys' silent ges'uie, and kept her '-'yea s'eadfastiy upon it, while the liquid changed from ptnity into foulness by the lepeated submersions of the sp^n^e. (To be continued .) 