j THE WlOE iWORLH a,i t I observe ' IhSf'Som'e external 'cr tlea were anxious to lcfiovf ' what Bills I should explain-to ':you on the-prapeat occasion (said Lord Sallebuo' jn a' speech at Briehtoph I ain affcaW II must refer to a very. the story of King Henry HL When ha asked a Mayor for the keys,. the Mayor, said be had eighteen .reasons for not giving them; the first was thathe had got no keys, upon which the King said he might dispense with the other seven- ten reasons. That Is precisely my con dition; I have got ho hills. It Is vers: early in tbe season; we are engaged In the manufacture; I have not seen even the raw drticle yet— (laughter)— and yon know that the finished product often differs considerably from the raw article > (Hear, hear.) Therefore, I should be excedlngly rash if X attempted to pos sess you with any Bills. Sir Sliclinel H Icks-Bcacli, .the Chan cellor of the Exchequer, Lag announc ed (savs our London correspondent) that it is not ills inteulion to propose a tax oil cycles in liis next budget. Many, minds have been relieved by ihe an nouncement. and the supK>rters of the Government also breathe more freely, as nothing would bring tliem into more unpleasant relations with the great bulk of their constituents than a vote cast in lavor of a cycle tax. If Hohert Towns projiosed a tnx on matches suffi cient to kill one Government, it is not difficult to prophesy the fate of the Ministry that would alienate and sons into opposition the great army of cy clists. And yet there are two classes of cvcliets who might lie very legiti mately subjected to taxation. Ihey. are the reckless street-scorchers ami the advertising podiillists. The former are not unknown at the Antipodes, hut I am not quite sure that bicyclists with soap and tiill advertisements botweeff their wheels have so Hir made their appearance in the streets of Melbourne, IV hat has become of r.onuor, il-c erst while champion Anstralinu slogger, and the orJv colonial who has so far sue- oeedod in smashing the clock at Lords ? The memory of liic big Victorian hitter was revived i.says our Loudon corres pondent) on Saturday evening at a din ner of the Johnson Club in Fleet street. Mr Augusliue llirrell, Q.G., M.P., told a very amusing anecdote. He said that Bounor, when in London, once atteuded the annual dinner of the Johnson Cluli. hut he had not the ghost of an idea who Dr. Johnson was, antl: lie confidentially assured Mr Birrell that the vast majority of Australians shared his ignorance in the matter—® statement that is certainly rot strict gospel. However, when the dinner was over and the hig hitter had absorbed all the sjteeelies in favor of the great lexicographer, he rose, and assu.-rd the company that if lie had not been George Bonnnr. the Australian cricket er, he would like to have been Dr. Samuel Johnson. Now, wliat does Bonnor .say to this iiltle fairy taie ? The fidelity with which the British" cnptplif-st ieks to his ship in the hour of fjelH. and never thinks of his own safely tint il everybody else is out of danger has become almost as famillac as a proverb, and it. is very rate in deed (.says our London correspondent) that a British skipper is guilty of con duct the very reverse of this. Hilt ® shocking case of a cowardly and trai torous captain has lteen before the courts this week. The vessel Why Not was found to be on fire off the coast of France, and Captain Wilkinson, in stead of heroically sticking to Ids >oet, jumped into the only available boat and, together with the mate and sev er:)! sailors, pulled away leaving the miforltinatc passengers to their fate. They somehow luckily managed to keep the flames under, and navJgatc the ship into n neighboring port. The ebio- kou-bcarted captain, a disgrace to his profession, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, which is cer tainly a very light punishment under the circumstances. The mate got off with two months in connection with the last Hospital Sunday in London, the "Lancet" pub lished some valuable statistics concern ing the Metropolitan Hospitals. From these it appeared that the number of patients admitted into all the London general hospitals during the previous year was oL',0S0. of whom 15, 474 were relieved. 2S.32G were enred, and 4496 died. Tllie average death rate was 8.6 per cent. An interesting fact- men tioned was. that the Hospital, which' showed tihe highest percentage of cures, and the lowest percentage of deaths wits (lie Loudon Temperance Hospital, which deals with all kinds of diseases, accidents, and surgical cases, and where alcohol is used at all only as a drug in its pure form. Tile death rate in this institution was only 5.<> per cent. There was a good deal of discussion last month at Derby among the leading owners about the newly published For feit List, end the appearance therein of the name of Lord Calthorpe. who is down for £3S5 15s. Lord Calthorpe was for thirty years a prominent membec of the Jockey Club, and he raced on 8 large scale with great successs, to W'hicU it must be added that he was a man of immense wealth, and that his breeding and racing studs were sold at New market two years ago, after liis death', for upwads of £20,000. Under these cir cumstances it is generally thought to be very discreditable that Lord Calthorpe's representative should allow his name to appear on the Forfeit List as a debtog for such a paltry sum as £385 J5s. The Prince of Wales is understood to have spoken very decidedly on the subject, and Ills view of the matter Is shared by; . all the oilier members of the Jockey Club, and by racing men generally. ' A strange society has ben brought to light during the hearing of a case before the Thames magistrate. Several mat were charged with stealing a watch from a sailor, and were all discharged except Alexander FpJIerton. on whom were found a Post Office Savings Bank book for £49 and a card bearing the fol lowing inscription (—"National Liars' Association.— Having been a member of the above -association, and finding you! a bigger liar than; myself. J must con gratulate you on relieving me" of this card. It must be gratifying to the East End community, as well as a tribute to Fullerton's own abilities, that he hod found no one worthy of relieving him of the card. The magistrate remanded hlra. for inquiries. A Delsarte teacher, who is peculiar la - knowing something of Delsarte's system of expression, says chat .women can <m« prove their waJk without a teacher, though they can't leam wlthout w-aEk- Ihf T.he Proper length of . (nice the length of one foot, ana It is measured from the hollo wof one foot to the hollow, of the other. . 5i?w' !a-e a P,eoe f tape and sewon Hi hits of flannel at intervals twice Hie .length of one of your feet, stretch -4t( - . ®ro9« the longest room you haye at ... - > our -Disposal, -and .you tare ready. foe . practise. Maybe- you don!t . know, that each rfoot should cross' the same' line ' - with each successive "Step? ..It should— that is very important, so now you 111 u, . ,wa-L your tape and set one foot and then the other right over one of those bits of flannel, letting the flannel come just under the instep. Do this, aud turn your toes out well, and swing your legs from the -thigh, and you ana far on the road to a beautiful walk- 