PERSONAL General Dodds, who distinguished himself by his conduct oi the Dahomey Campaign, has beeu appointed Commander-in-Chief of tbo troops in French Indo- China, replacing General Duchemiu. Everyone will be glad to hear that reports re- ? oently current an to the state of the health of Mr. Archibald Forbes are exaggerated He suffers in health, as for some years past he haa ' suffered, in the winter Beason. But ho la not worse than usual, and is able to continue hi literary work. Viscount Oantelupe, who is 26 years of age, and married, in 1891, the hon. Muriel Agoes, daughter of Lord Brassey, ha succeeded his father as Earl Delawarr. The family dates back to the time of Edward IL, and its repre' sentatives from time to time bore arm with dis tinction in tho wars with France. Mr. H. O. Arnold Foster is not satisfied with colonial capability of defence while Canada remains with a militia equipptd with Snider rifles, and while the commanding officer of New . South Wales reports that, owing to tho action of his Government, ho cannot even guarantee the safety of Sydney as a naval base. The lAet member of the family of Goethe died on the 27th of December, in the person of Count Leo Heiiekel von Donnersmark. After the doath of Walter von Goethe, Count Leo inherited part of the Goethe treasures, and together witli Dr. Vulpius, voluntarily ceded many valuable paintings, portraits, jewels, Jcc., to the Goethe House Museum. The Right Hon. Charles Pelh&m; Villiers, i.tbe father of the House of Commons," has entered upon his 95th year, and oommenced the 62tid ycar of his unbroken representation in the Hcuse of Commons of tho borough of Wolver hampton. Mr. Villiers has exoeeded the phenomeual representation of the late Air. Christopher Talbot, who sat for Glamorgan for nearly 60 years. On one occasion the. ever garrulous M. Thiers expressed a great wish to hear the views of a distinguished English general, passing through Paris, .tin Bomo question of the hour. Direotly his vijutor appeared, M. Thiers expressed his gratification and went on to say : "Now I will tsll yoirejxaotly what I think on the subjeot "; whichr hodld, and throughout the interview kept the whole of the talking to himself. ' It is interesting to compare Austin Laureate on Tennyson. ex-Laureate with Tennyson Latireaio-ou Wordsworth ex-Laureate. Auetm on Tennyson. : — ' Not even tit the head of poets of the third, rank.''- Tennyson .on Wotds- worth »tt Victoria, since your Royal. grace To ono of less desert allows This laurel greener from the brow - - . Of hitu who uttered nothing base. A well deserved testimonial is being got up sb a tiibute to that admirable artist, Lady Halld (Madame Normau-Neruda), on the occasion of the 50th anuiversary of her first appearance in public, and the 25th of her ddbfit in England. The Prince of Wales is president of the com mittee, whioh include many distinguished per sons, and the Princess of Wales has specially desired to have her name placed next to tbat of his Royal Highness, with the word " patroness " added to it. Baron Blaohfurd, best known as Frederic Rogers, tbepermanent Undersecretary of State for the Colonics during the period 1860-71, and as .'/.the clerk Rogeri>/'.oftheHiginbothamdiatribes bf a quarter brVceritury ago, -was;a scholar as. - welL'aK a' distingtii8hed"otfiofal,'ahd'had taken a double first at Oxford. Moreover, he wai an admirable letter writer, and it is to that charac teristic that a coming volume is attributable. Will there be anything concerning the Higin- botham incident? Lord Salisbury i by nature one of the most silent of men ; quite a Von Moltke in that respect. Even as a boy atEtoit be was much given to solitaiy mooning through the playing fields, with only an occasional game ef "six penny " cricket. When at the India Officer, he greatly disappointed some high offioial who bad to ee him on some great question. > " What do I thiuk of him? Very little. Why, be heard all I had to say, then bowed me out with 'Good morning,1 and not another word." Sir Walter Besant has a good word for the " penny dreadful." In au interview with him in the Humanitarian, he is represented as deny ing tbat it was responsible for. as much harm as lias been attributed to it. "The penny dread ful,' " bo says, " has struck roe as rather moial . on the whole. Jack Harkaway, for iuitanee, ia always doing somethihg rather fine. At the same time it is obvious that it could only be to the publio advantage if pennyworths of better literature could be supplied." Which, of course, i now to be done. At Lydenburg, in the Transvaal, a leading burgher wanted a compulsory education law. President Hruger simply would not hear of it. "No, no," he curtly replied, " that is a cbuioh question, not a political one." "But," urged auotber burgher, "why could we not have com pulsory edueation as other countries have." "Yes," replied the ProBident, ignoiing the oate of England, "education is compulsory in other countries, but so is military Bervice. This Is & Republic, and people may keep tbeir children in ignorance if they please." Sir H. W.-cNoiman, iato Governor of. Queens land! landed in England in cxcclleht nealih. Ih the' course of an int«rvi&wshe; laid that Queensland still offered a splendid field for industrious aud hard working men ; but the principal towus in Queensland were suffering from the unemployed, principally of an Idle and dissolute oharaoter. He added that if emigrants only proceeded up country, instead of remaining in towns, they were bound to sucoeed. Chal- lengfd on thetfe statements, Sir Henry Nortnau explain that hi views were misreported. Tou jour perdrix, The editor of the Cosmopolitan published an artiolo called Photograph of Famous Orirni- nalB, with lavish illustrations. Just when he was admiring the physiognomies snd waiting for congratulatory letters from subscribers, he was informed that Mr. Porteous had entered suit againut the magazine for' £10,000. It seems that Mr. Porteous has a hobby that photographs are of little use' as a means of. identifying pri soners, and'iby way of proving it he had himself photographed in a dozen disguises. These photo graphs (he editor .of the Cosmopolitan by some means br otber acquired. No wonder Mr, Por teous is angry, but what a splendid anger that must be which can only be assuaged by £10,000. David Christie Murray, defending Mr. H. A. Joues's choice of a subject in his latest drams, wherein the story of The <SeaWet Letter Ib imi tated, hold tbat the artist is a law uulebimtelf. He add :— "I havo not yot'seenMr. Jones' play, und oan have no opinion therefore a to whether- lie has succeeded in improving upou Hawthotue 1 Las worthily supplemented his treatment of the theme; or ha vainglorioutdy challenged a gaint reputation. Day by day the bare. possibility of finding a> wholly oovel thome grows smallor. It 1h on record that when Wordsworth heard that Scott had iutioducod Rob Roy luto prose fiction," he read aloud to hi Informant bis owu ballad, and said with, emphasis, 'I do not sea what Mr. Scott oau add to that.' Perhaps Nathaniel Hawthorne' ghost may lately have revised The Searlct . Letter , and have offered a like opinion with ; respect to Mr. Jouea." 