LAYING A GHOST For some time past persons who attend evening service at the R.C. Church, Junee, have been startled by seeing a weird and uncanny apparition which nightly took up a position in a medi- tative attitude at the toot-of the hill (reports the Junee Democrat). Des- criptive accounts of its appearance varied considerably. Some were positive it resembled an old hairy man with a long and silvery beard and a countenance which bore that mild and a benevolent aspect peculiar to the man who combines the duties of a church elder with the directorship of a bogus bank, while the descriptions of others left the impression that it was some thing which was a cross between a bunyip and a load of wood. One in- dividual who had resided in a place named Kiama during a ghost scare was certain it was a celebrated states- man who was enjoying a holiday up at Junee in his usual sportive fashion. A plucky resident (may his shadow never grow less) determined to solve the mystery or know the reason why. So, arming himself with a breach- loader and 21 rounds of ammunition, he, as the shades of night were falling fast, quietly wended his way to the haunted spot, and there taking up an entrenched position on his stomach quietly waited. It rapidly grew dark, and still he waited. Presently "It" appeared, the only thing he could discern plainly was two large eyes, which glowed with unnatural bright- ness. Now, at the supreme moment, our hero's resolution never wavered in the least, but with undaunted courage, and with a voice rendered shaky with emotion, he called out, "In the name of Queen Victoria and the Empress of India, I call on you to stand, or I'll fire !" It stood. "If you have any to say spake out ? In the name of St. Patrick spake!" Just hero the ap- parition deliberately closed one eye, but remained silent." I'll ask you three times to spake, and if you don't I'll give you the contents of both barrels! One, will you spake? Twice, will you spake? Third and last time, will you spake ?" Bang ! bang! and a wounded cow dashes madly towards the distant horizon bellowing mournfully. And thus the Junee ghost was laid. Speaking at Picton on Xuosday uighr, the Minister for Lands claimed that direct taxatiou would lead to kecnor interest in politics and groator economy in government. "If I call you by your Christian name do you think you would foel loss nervous in the box ?" Mr Forlongo asked a witness in tbo Molbourno Court of General Sessions. Witness replied that ho fnucied ho would. Learned counsel addressed the 3*onng man as " Adolphus" from that point forward. 