CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR UNION. THE ANNUAL CONVENTION. The annual convention of the Queens- land Christian Endeavour Union was resumed yesterday afternoon in the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church. Conference Session. A conference session was held and dis- cussion ensued on "Advance move- ments." The Rev. J. Crookston spoke on the sub-head, "Towards better work for the Church." Mr. Crookston, speaking on the work in the institutions of the Church, pointed out that the Church was not a resting place, but a training school, and that the terms of soldier- ship included obedience and service. Spurgeon asked new members of his Church, realising the importance of service, what they were going to do. Mrs. Britten, dealing with the work in the world around the Church, illus- trated different ways in which young people could do good, such as visiting the sick, and rescuing the lost. She referred also to the Letter League, in which it was agreed that once a month at least members should write a letter on spiritual subjects. The power of prayer was insisted on. The Rev. C. J. Cribb spoke on the pos- sibilities of better work for the heathen by personal effort. That effort should be the work of Christ through man, not that of man without the aid of Christ. The heathen were those who knew not Christ, it might be in the Indian jungles, it might be at their elbow. The preach- ing of the Gospel was the life work of every Christian, not of an exclusive class. He urged the full and careful reading of missionary literature. Mr. C. W. Scott spoke of the work for the heathen by missionary com- mittees. Those committees were im- portant factors in the work, and should be supported systematically. The Rev. J. Toms, dealing with the subject of better equipment for the work by Bible study, urged the neces- sity of method in that study. They should aim at a reasonable knowledge of the Bible, reading through impar- tially. Mr. J. B. Parsons reviewed Professor Harper's method of Bible study, and the Rev. W. J. L. Closs explained how that system worked in New South Wales. The Rev. T. W. Dunn spoke of the advantage in equipment by the societies supplying themselves with Christian Endeavour literature. Public Meeting. In the evening a largely attended public meeting was held in the church, presided over by the Rev. R. Kerr. A praise service was conducted, and ad- dresses were delivered. During the meeting the secretary (Mr. W. J. Scott) said the convention had received greet- ings from the Mount Morgan Primitive Methodist Endeavour Society, The annual convention of the Central Queensland District Union was being held at Rockhampton, and he moved that the convention in Brisbane send them a telegraph message on the occa- sion of their first annual convention. The motion was. carried with acclama- tion. Interdenominational Fellowship. Dr. Frackelton, in the course of an address on "Interdenominational Fel- lowship," said that one thing that com- mended the Endeavour movement to him was that it suited all classes and conditions of men, and all systems of Church government. There seemed to be a great misunderstanding in some quarters with regard to the movement, many objecting to it as undenomina- tional in its tendency. A greater mis- take was never made. It was intensely denominational. It was not for any particular Church, but for everyone that acknowledged and worshipped Christ in sincerity. No controlling power was exercised by the executive over methods or forms of worship, but the society was an influence which guided into spiritual channels. It was intensely practical, and when they came to practical Christianity they found that the different Churches had less differ- ences between them than appeared in theory. The work of a Christian, no matter to what Church he might belong, was the same; and when they began to understand that it brought them nearer to one another, though they might be called by different names as far as church membership was con- cerned, there was a unity of spirit. It was advisable that the societies should be under the control of some Church, and though there were some which it was impossible to bring into connection with Church government, they had not been so effective as those which were under the controlling influence of a church. They needed a guiding influence to keep them from running into an- tagonism with other agencies which might be at work. He did not mean by interdenominational fellowship inter- denominational unity. There was a wide difference. Each society worked under the Church form of government best suited to it, and under one form of government a society might reach cer- tain minds better than a society which might belong to another form—no one societty could reach all—and the move- ment adapted itself to every condition of mind and every system of Church government, and every form of service. They needed to study the different methods of work in different societies in order to give variety to their own meetings; and by visiting backwards and forwards among the societies they would find much help in the one work they all had before them. All their labour and all their work would, how- ever, be of no avail unless the fellow- ship which existed between them was that which came from the indwelling power of the Holy Ghost. In conclu- sion, he asked should there be less fellowship among members of the Church militant, although belonging to different army corps, than there was among members of the Church trium- phant already gathered from those dif- ferent corps. Consecrated Life. The Rev. J. Southey, who attended from Ipswich at short notice to take the place of the Rev. W. Whale, confined to his room through illness, delivered an address on "Consecrated Life." One of the chief objects of the society was that all members should be perfectly consecrated to the Lord. They would be struck with the term Paul liked to use about himself—the slave of Jesus Christ. When they took up the position that the Lord was not only their Saviour, but also their Master, that they were His bond-servants, what wonder- ful blessings of peace and rest flowed into the soul. They had been bought with a price, and were as much the pro- perty of the Lord as was the slave the property of his master who bought him. They should yield their lives up [to] Him that He might work in them at His pleasure. The will of God ought to be obeyed on earth by Christian En- deavourens as it was in Heaven. He referred to the necessity for obedience to God and willingness to do His will wherever they might be sent by Him. They should not be too anxious to go to the mission field, as there was no blessing in going there unless the Lord sent them; but they should day by day serve him, no matter where, and maybe he would call on them to preach the Gospel in the dark places of the earth. If they surrendered their lives, they would find day by day opportunities for service. The President, prior to the close of the meeting, commenting on missionary effort, said that one of the most strik- ing things in connection with Christian missions during the last ten years was the remarkable uprising of the young life of the Church for service. WORLDS WOMAN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION. Miss Agnes E. Slack, secretary of the World's Woman's Christian Temperance Union, writes that the executive have decided to hold the World's Convention in Canada next year, so Brisbane will not have the pleasure of entertaining white rlbboners from all parts of the world. Miss Willard and Lady Henry Somerset fully recognise the claim Aus- tralia has, which in future years will not be ignored, and they feel deeply the loyal welcome offered them. As Lady Henry could not possibly visit Austra- lia, but could go to Canada, her attend- ance was too great an inspiration to lose. Miss Willard is now in England, where the work Is greatly stimulated by her magnetic force. She had large enthusiastic audiences in the Southern States ; one State Legislature adjourned to hear her speak ! In Ireland Miss Agnes Slack has been organising more unions, and enrolled 8158 white rlbbon- ers. By request of some of the officers she addressed men of tlie regiment of loth "Hussars at the barracks, also the soldiers at Wellington Barracks, Dublin, and there organised the soldiers' wives and children for an Army Temperance Association. At one town a union of sixty-seven members was started ; at another forty-eight joined ; at another forty-one came into line. At Dublin numbers of Catholic women attended the meetings, and formed a Catholic W.C.T.U. of 101 members. Represen- tatives of every Protestant and Catholic denomination assisted at the meetings. In India temperance lesson books have been published In the Bengall vernacu- lar, several drink shops have been closed, and obstructions of race and colour are vanishing in many places where white ribbon work is advancing. In Holland and Belgium Madame Selmur has been working with good results, such as a resident voluntarily giving up his saloon. In South Africa numbers of unions are holding small meetings for the heathen. In Canada Dominion there are 422 unions stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific. In Sweden Baron Hermelin is enrolling fresh members for white ribbon work. In Norway Countess Wedel has organ- ised three new unions. In Iceland Miss Johanesdotter is continuing Miss Acker mann's work. She is a good Latin, English, German, and Danish linguist, and is advocating a university for Ice- land. In Madagascar the Antananarivo Union is training the children for tem- perance, has a yearly gathering for .them, and deputations have waited upon the police re the sale of drink to children. In Australia Mrs. Nicholls (Australian president) hopes shortly to start an in- tercolonial white ribbon paper. Three white rlbboners from Queensland are now In England. A grand juvenile tem- perance festival was given in Sydney, with a procession of 76S0 juvenile re- presentatives. A group of women from the New Zealand Convention visited the Maori settlement, by invitation of Chief Kumersa, who spoke to his people, and many signed. Mrs. Brentnall, president for Queensland, has returned from a visit to the North, where the women have been enthused, and unions cemented to the colonial W.C.T.U. 