Chapter yyi. REMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND FOR GIVENESS. It is necessary that we should briefly ex plain hovr it happened that Nelly, on malting good her escape from "Walsh, fell into the protection of Deborah Dickson and the rest. And this leads us back to the night, or rather early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. Walsh were rescued from the house in That Nctt Tear’s Day was spent in con sidering what. their future course should be. For most of their sakos it was found highly necessary to leave Leeds. Neither Deborah nor Harry was safe there; and Mrs. Walsh and Margaret were both anxious to get out of the reach of Walsh and Bob Preston. Albert Clayton cared little where he lived, na far ns personal safety was concerned, for, ns his enemies thought him dead, there was ;no fear of him being hunted after. But, as 'lie still wished to leave Lady Clayton and Chipps, the lawyer, under the impression that he was removed out of their way, it was •important that ho should neither he seen nor irecognised in the city. lie, therefore, was :inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other jmembers of the party were William Simeand Ihis mother, neither of whom apprehended ;ar.y danger either from Walsh or Bob Pres Iton; but William was a fond and devoted jloTcr, and if Margaret was to depart, lie ;could not think of remaining behind. In the consideration of this question one jimportant element required to he taken iinto account, and that was the financial. William Sime was a journeyman watchmaker land could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton had never yet 1 earned a subsistence, and the difficulty with ,him was how to do it. It was highly ncces isary that it should be done. He happened to have a few pounds in his purse, and a Splendid gold watch in his fob, when im j merited in Waterloo Lake, and on further ex amination ho found a valuable diamond pin in his cravat. These, if sold, would supply ithe demands on him for a short while, but as !he knew not how long he might require to ! trust to his own resources, ho thought it would lie wise to use the produce only for .his necessities. He felt that it would be more desirable to earn something, not only for his own wants, but for those of the ladies who were so far thrown on liis care. He was a long time puzzled to think how this might be done. Various plans occurred to him, most of which were abandoned as im practicable almost as soon as formed. At length one bright idea struck him, and it ap peared so feasible that he stuck to it. For years past he had been a most enthusiastic amateur photographer and he thought that by buying the apparatus and all things neces sary he might realise something by the art. With this view he sold his gold watch and diamond pin, and bought the requisite in struments and chemicals. The only question now was where to go to put the experiment ! to the test. A Tory short consultation be tween William and himself made them fix on Manchester, and they at once removed thither and were fortunate in finding an empty house. William Sime at once got employ ment in a watchmaking establishment; and Albert, under tho designation of Monsieur La Ferre, commenced business as a photo grapher. He succeeded admirably, and was largely patronised—Harry being a most effi cient assistant, to him. In his leisure hours he wrought at an oil painting, which he thought of sending to the next Exhibition— taking for his subject tho incident on the Lake when lie nearly became the victim of Walsh. At this painting he was labouring, with Harry as his delighted helper, when Nelly demanded his aid. For the few weeks in which they had lived in this secluded manner in Manchester they had been very comfortable and happy, often wondering among themselves how Nelly would he getting on with her master, and what would ho her conjectures as to the non appearance of Deborah in "Woodhouse-lane with news of Harry. Frequently they thought of communicating with her, but the risk they thereby ran of betraying to their enemies the place of their retreat kept them ailer-t. Little did they dream that the sub ject of their solicitude was confined at a few rooms" distance from them under the gaoler ship of Walsh. Her singular and unexpected appearance among them was hailed with extremo satis faction. She had not only escaped from the cninp of the enemy, but she came laden ■with nil their secrets. NelVs escapo wonld bring matters to an issue; and Albert Clayton, who felt that with him lay the duty of taking notion, was puzzled how to proceed. The situation was a very critical one. Lady Clayton and Chipps would fight tho battle unscrupulously, and with tho fiercest deter mination. He was likewise aware that they jiad a MirUtin advantage ou their tide, iuaa much as they -would compel liim to prove, first of all, Harry's identity, and then liis legitimacy—two things difficult at all times, and doubly so here on account of the priTate manner in which his parents had been mar ried. The chief witness to both matters was Deborah Dickson. Pondering over these things, Albert Clay ton at length came to a resolution which gave him great relief. He resolved to consnlt his fathor's former solicitor—Mr. Ball—whom Lady Clayton had dismissed when she came into power, and put the management into tho hands of Chipps. He would call upon him and lay before him all the information of which ho was himself possessed. Por the present, however, ho decided to do and say nothing till an issue was reached in the illness of TValsh. Tho latter still lay delirious under his violent fever, his wife and Margaret watching closely beside him. Not withstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and injustice, that patient, loving wife tended his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as lie lay uncon scious of everything but his Buffering, and striving to do her utmost to alleviate his pain. In this merciful and loving ministration she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgother loathing and hatred of the man who would have blasted her life and J consigned her to misery. In his helplessness and affliction she was ready to return good for evil, and day and night remained by his couch, rendering him attentions which could not have been excelled by a daughter’s affcc Occasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Simo and William, and even Albert Clayton, visited the room, though the latter cared not to ap pear in the sufferer's sight lest he might re cognise him, and be filled with increased horror at beholding what he could only con sider as the spirit of the murdered victim. For twenty days Walsh lay unconscious under the power of tho fever, his natural rugged strength ami the vigour of his con stitution sustaining him under its severity, though the watchers could see that every day ho grew weaker. Tho doctor who was called in did his utmost to check tho disease, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on a mild March afternoon, as his wife and Margaret sat silent in the room listening to liis breathing, which had for some time been soft, low and regular, he stirred slightly, and when they looked they saw him open his eyes and gaze at them with intelligence. The wild blazing light of insanity was gone, the burning flush had left liis face, and a calmness rested on his features. He looked steadily at both of them for a few seconds, then his eyes wandered round , the apartment, and liis countenance mani- ! fested surprise. I “Wife,” lie. said, in a low voice, “ what . place is this we are in? This is not our , “No, James,” she gently answered. “ Do you feel yourself better now?” “Better?” lie repeated, “what’s tho matter with me ?” “ You have been very ill.” “Have I? Nonsense. I have had but a long sleep, that is all. I must rise now.” He tried to sit up, hut to liis surprise found he could not even lift his hand to his ! head. His utter weakness told him what she paid was true. “ I have been ill, have I ?” lie muttered. “I thought it was just a long bad dream. What lias been the matter with me, and whero are we ? At Keighley’s ?” “No, James,” she replied. “We are in Manchester.” “Manchester?” he repeated, gazing at her in astonishment. “ What arc we doing in Manchester? Ah, wait a hit,” ho sud denly added, my head is strangely confused, bnt it is getting clearer.” He lay for some time in deep reflection, which they did not care to interrupt. Evi dently the recent past was coming to his re membrance. “I recollect all now,” he said; “hut where is the girl—she was with me when I was taken ill.” Mrs. Walsh replied liy narrating the par ticulars of Nelly's flight, and how both she and himself had changed quarters. “ And that was last night,” he said. “ Oh, dear, no, James. It was three weeks ago. Yon have been delirious all the time, and Margaret and I have watched over you.” He fixed upon her a look of intense as tonishment. “ But how do you happen to he here ?” he asked after considerable pause. “ We did not think it right to remain in Leeds after—after yon night,” she replied, striving to infuse no reproach into her tone, “ and we came here, and have been here ever since ; but, Janies, I think you should not speak any more now—you arc very weak, and require repose.” He gave her another peculiar glance, and a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his “ I believe you are right, wife,” he said ; “hut I suppose it is all up now with Chipps and Lady Clayton. The girl would go right off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will bo taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you, Mary,” ho added, bitterly, “ very kind of you to preserve me from tho gallows.” “ Hush, James, do not speak so,” she an swered. “Nelly is in this house—she has never left it, and has told nothing except to “ Ha, you are—you must ho deceiving me. The girl would take the first opportunity to be off to Leeds.” “ Indeed, James, I am not deceiving you,” said his wife, earnestly. “ What I say is true—every word; and you know I never told a lie.” “No,” returned Walsh, slowly; “but it tbe girl be bere, I must bog her. I shall then he satisfied. “ I will bring her,” said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. In a few minutes she returned, accom panied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said she was glad to know he was somewhat better. _ I “ You have not been to Leeds?” he said. “I have not,” she replied. “No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do or say anything in the matter at present.” This assurance seemed to satisfy Walsh, for he turned his head to the other side of the bed, and immediately Bank into a deep sleep. For many days after this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, hut very weak—-helpless almost as a child. Patiently and unweariedly his wife tended him all the while, doing her utmost to pro mote his comfort and restore his strength. He received her attentions in silence, but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if en during mental suffering; and this he was silently experiencing to a great extent. Laid upon that bed of sickness, and unable to chase away reflection from bis mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all its hideous deformity. First of all, he thought how little he deserved such kindness at the bands of his wife. Justly might she have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosom the love she had once borne him, and how completely he had placed himself beyond tho pale of her sympathy. Yet here she was a .close .atten dant by his sick bed, watching him with tho most tender solicitude, smoothing his pillow so gently, anticipating his wants, and sup plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him to tho heart. It was heaping coals of fire on his head, and no more effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa bility. What is there on earth more terrible to en dure than tho pangs of remorse! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when tho soul, deep stained with sin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of moral truth. Then there U'nothing frd A fearful looking* for of judgment and fiery,n" dignation. But this is not all—this is ^ the worst; tho judgment of indigniwou could be borne, because in enduring it thcrfi 18 soraethingliko the satisfying sense of mates' atonement; but joined to this there is fln aching void of regret and Bclf-reproach which fills the soul with sorrow too heavy 1° sustain. AValsh felt this in all its horror, for he thought of the time when first ke folded his youthful, blooming Alary to hlS heart, and whispered to her words of Ioto. What suffering had he brought upon kfr» and how different it might have been ! Bllt now—now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For days these awful thoughts tortutt^ him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, and in very desperation he gave express011 to thorn. It was a calm bright evening in April, sad Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought | he was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Dole I to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation ! of Divine blessing. Chancing to look updic j saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her i husband was not sleeping, as she had sup* ! posed—he lay gazing intently upon her, and an unshod teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only eifc and look at him. 44 Alary,” said he, “ how is it that you and Keg liavo been so kind to me in my illh^N though I have used you both so ill, and you know that I committed the worst of crimed” “Becauso wc bear no malice, James,” an swered his wife. “ This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we have done, and our blessed Saviour set us the glorious ex ample. Your conduct has grieved us—deeply grieved us—but our feelings are more those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamen ted your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake.” “And yet, Alary,” groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, “ you have cause to hate me as badly as woman ever hated man. Don’t yon remember when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish you through life ? It was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Alary?” I “Yes, James, I remember well,” sobbed the wife, through fast rising tears. 44 Many years have passed since then ; but what have they brought to you ? Alisery, wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this ; evening, all that is vile, and with the damn ing weight of human blood upon my soul; , and there you f.it, a wronged and betrayed wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of I this as I never thought of it before. Not till I Hay in my helplessness, and saw you watch ing devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream—would that I could live my life over again. But the wish is in vain. I am lost, accursed, and self-damned.” ! “Hush, James; do not talk thus,” said Airs. Walsh, with a shudder. “This blessed book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been par- ! doncd.and-” | “ That is not, cannot be true,” interrupted Walsh, hastily, 44 A more wicked man than me never lived. No repentance can save me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against me. I am a murderer.” j Airs. Walsh was silent. She was suro lie was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him —at least before she had taken counsel of 44 I can make no atonement for my deeds,” continued the remorseful man; but at least for the murder I can die. If I recover from the illness, it will only be to give myself up to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for it.” His wife rose in great agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door. 44 Don’t leave me, Alary,” pleaded Walsh. 441 will return immediately,” she an swered, and vanished as aho spoke. She was gone for some little time, when she again entered the room, and taking a seat by the bed, laid her hand on the sick man’s 44 James.” she said in a solemn, impressive tone, 4 4 you were indeed guilty of an awful crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention and belief went, you there foully murdered Albert Clayton.” “I did—I did,” groaned Walsh, hiding his face with one hand. 44 But,” continued his wife, “ I have strange news to tell you. A merciful Pro vidence interposed to prevent the deed being actually committed.” He suddenly took away his hand and re garded her with a look of amazing inquiry. 44 Yes, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard the youth’s cries. They had taken shelter be hind a tree, and you passed close by them, though you did not soe them. They, how ever, saw and recognised you. When you had disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to the edge of the lake and saw the young man rise to the surface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him.” 44 Alary, you arc mocking me,” cried Walsh, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. ’“No, James; what I Btnte is a eolemr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. He i.' at this moment alive and well, and hif rescuers were Alargaret and William Simc, her lover.” “Alive—Albert Clayton alive!” he re peated, with quivering lips, whilst his bosom heaved to bursting. “ It is false—it is a de lusion ! I will not believe it.” 44 Will you believe the evidence of your own eyes, then?” cried a cheerful voice, and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as ho had been when, accompanied by Walsh, he wenttoths Park. Walsh stared at him in bewildored and horrified astonishment. 44 Come, feel me,” said Albert, as, with a 6mile on his frank, handsome face, he ap* proached the bed; “feel me, and convince yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn’t mean to let any of you know—at least at present—that I am still in the land of the living; but as Airs. Walsh tells me you are full of repentance and ro morsc on account of my supposed death, I thought I would case your mind a hit bv* let ting you know the truth. I don’t think you will make a had use of the knowledge.” 44 Thank God your blood docs not lie on my soul,” gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of re lief. “ I feel some hope now. I may aban don my wicked life and reform.” 14 That's right,” returned Albert. '“It’s not the thing for a fellow like you, who was once an honest, righthearted man, to givo yourself up to villainous courses. You have better stuff in you, and I am suro of it. You have the making of a noblcfellow, if you trill only shake off tho connection with ChipPs> Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, wbo are bad to the core, everyone of them. Now, what say you ? Will you henceforth stick to truth, and do tho right thing, and we’ll stand by you, and ere long you will recover your self- respect, and be bappy yet witbyout’ angel of a wife?” “God bless you, sir!” exclaimed W^sb> after a violent struggle with his emotion. 44 Heaven help me, I will do as you say. Mary, will you—can you forgive me ?” “Gladly, James—joyfully.” 