'English Hzmz. At the Liverpool Mission Anniversary the Rev. S. Chadwick said ' he was glad of the opportunity of standing by the side of the honoured head of that Mission. No name in Lancashire was so fragrant as that of Charles Garrett. ' As a lad nobody could make me cry but Charles Garrett, and he can do that yet when he likes.' He wished to speak of modern developments in Mission work, but he recognised that the Liver pool Mission stood apart and unique. It is but ten years since the Manchester work was begun, and that we owe to the sanctified common-sense of the father of the Forward Movement — Charles Garrett ; and now all round, in nearly every great centre, the work is spread. People imagined it was a ' coming down ' to become a Mission. They would not find it in that direction — it was not down, but up. They had poor opinions of the men. When he first went to Leeds he overheard some people in a tram dicsussing the revival at 'Lesley Chapel, and an old man asked if he had been and was it as full as people said. 'Yes,' he replied, 1 it was 3o crowded I had to stand all the time.' The old man said he had an idea they Bent men to these Missions who were not up to circuit work. 'Fancy! Hugh Price Hughes, George Jackson, F. L. Wiseman, not up to circuit work ! ' To a man who groaned over the condition of Oxford Place Chapel, Leeds, he once suggested ' Turn it into a Mission.' The man was hor rified and said, ' Thank God we hav'nt come to that yet.' A mission, he said, was the adaptation of the old order of Church life to the new conditions, and adaptation was the law of existence. It was not necessary to be either ignorant or vulgar to reach the crowd. W hen working-men come to church they want first a welcome, and second an inspiration. They will get the people when they show evidence that the miracle working power is amongst them. People will flock to Bee the Lazarus whom Jesus raised from the dead. *? * * The lantern is rapidly becoming a considerable adjunct to our machinery for spreading Gospel truth. Rev. R. Stewart, Presbyterian minister, has just concluded, in the Gateshead Town Hall, a series of Lantern services on Sunday nights. They have been largely at tended by non-church goers, and the services throughout have been most successful. For two or three winters the Dilston-road Wesleyan Church has had a service for young people on the Sunday evenings, and an attendance of about 500 is secured. A Bimilar experiment has been tried in Wesley Hall, with most gratifying results. * Mr. Gladstone is devoting himself to the St. Deniol's Library. He has provided tor the purpose of this novel institution an endowment of £30,000 hard cash, invested in various stocks. For a man by no means rich, this is a princely gift, to which has been super added years of patient labour. In the deed of settlement St. Deniol's Library and the quaint hostel adjoining are set apart '? for the promotion of divine learning in the sense put upon these words by the Church of England, with which Church the Settler, believing that she must be always faithful to her trust, hereby provides that the foundation is always to be in connection.' An important find in Asia Minor is chronicled by the Daily News. It has been known during the last three years that a MS. Gospel existed somewhere in Turkey which dateB back to the sixth or early seventh century. From the single leaf of it which was first shown, hopes were raised that the manuscript was a famous one known as Codex N., of which six folios are in the Vatican, four in the British Museum, two in Vienna, and 33 in the island of Patmos, but of which the other folios are miss ing. All that can now be said is that the MS., like what remains of Codex ., is not only very ancient, but a very beautiful one, written .upon the finest and thinnest vellum, which has been dyed a deep red purple. The letters are in silver, and are square upright uncials : the abbreviations of the sacred names are in gold. The pages are 32 centimetres by 26, and the writing on each page is in two columns. It is said that the actual purchaser is the Czar himself. The price reputed to have been paid is £1000. Though one may regret that the MS. has not found its way to England, it is satisfactory to know that it will now be properly cared for and be accessible to scholars, instead of being under (risk of ? fire, theft, and the hundred accidents to which ignor ance of its real value exf osed it bo long as it was in the keeping of the village ephorie of a Caesarean Church. The contributions of England to the cause of foreign missions during the year 1895, amounted to one million three hundred thousand pounds. This is a substantial increase upon preceding years, but how trifling after all is the sum when it is considered that in the same year over five millions of money was paid as gate money by the admirers' of football alone ; on tobacco seventeen millions was spent ; ladies spent nearly one million on feathers, and on diamonds over three millions ; two million five hundred thousand were spent on shoot ing ; one million seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds on yachting ; one million three hundred and twenty thousand pounds on London theatres ; while the drink bill of the United King dom amounted to one hundred and forty millions. ? * * * The Presbyterian Clerical Club, of Newcastle- on- Tyne, having forwarded their cordial greetings to the Rev. Dr. Jacob on his new aopointment to the See of Newcastle, the secretary received a letter from the Bishop, in which, alter tnanKing them tor the assurance, which he values greatly, of their Christian sympathy, he says : — ' We are learning, thank God, more than ever in these days how much there is to unite Christian men in their struggle against evil, even when they may differ in matters of importance, and how that, without the least compromise of principle, loyal devotion to the person of our Lord Jesus Christ becomes a bond of union which no differences of organization can sever.' I5 The Connexional authorities are now in possession of particulars relative to the will of the late Sir Francis Lycett. The lion's share of the benefactions will go to the Metropolitan Chapel Building Fund, which, in addition to instalments of a gift of fifty thousand pounds be stowed before Sir Francis died, now receives two-thirds of the residue of the estate, which is expected to reach one hundred thousand pounds. The other third goes to the fund for the extension of Methodism in Great Britain. Beyond this, the following legacies will be paid to the following connexional funds : — ?? The Foreign Missionary Society, £5,000; he Home Missionary Society, £2000 ; the Richmond, Didsbury, and Head ingly Ministerial colleges, £2,000 amongst them; the Aged Ministers' Fund, £1,000; and the Wesleyan Training College, Westminister, £1,000. Nor are the gifts confined to the Wes leyan Church. The British and Foreign Bible Society receives a legacy of £2,000, and the London City Mission £2,000,. whilst some twenty philanthropic 'soci eties receive legacies varying from £500 to £100. To Wesleyan Methodism in London the large amount now available comes most opportunely. It is about fifteen years since the late Sir Francis^ Lycett died. * * . , * The decision of the Privy Council on the question of mixed marriages at Malta, which the Pope took upon himself to pronounce illegal, has caused a considerable stir on that island. The Roman Catholic authorities have put on sackcloth and ashes. The ' Most Reverend Chapter of the Illustrious Collegiate Church of the shipwrecked St. Paul,' arranged ' a penitential pro cession with the chaunting of the Most Holy Rosary,' to avert the dreadful consequences of this impious flying in the face of the Pope. * Rev. John H. Goodman lately preached at Manchester on 'The Un pardonable Sin.' Among many striking sentences were the following: 'We came to the house of God to listen to Christ's j ud gment on the paths we tread . The dark words of Jesus must be interpreted by what is light and under standable. We did not write the, ' woes,' and we must not erase them. All manner of sin may be forgiven — sins of the reason, imagination, passions, con science, will ; Sunday and Monday sins, old-fashioned and new-fashioned, Even blasphemy against Christ may be par doned. Under the old covenant there was no forgiveness for blasphemy. But Jesus was greater than Moses Blasphemy against the Holy Ghost was unforgivable. At first sight it seemed as though a man could utter a ' word ' that would shut him off from God's forgiveness. But words did not stand by themselves. They were expressed thoughts just as acts were incarnate thoughts. Sudden acts were often the revelations of motive. No man who feared that he had committed the unpardonable sin, had done so, for one of the penalties of that sin was absolute lack of feeling in reference to it. Was there a depth out of which men could never come ? Christ never said any man had committed this sin. He said that it was within the power of a man to do it. This awful word was spoken to Pharisees and Scribes. There was a ring of hopelessness in Christ's words to these men — not heard in His words to any other class.' The arrangements for the pilgrimage , of American Congregationalists to Eng land. and the Continent are now com plete. The party, which is expected to number about fifty, sails from New York on June 4th in the Columbia , which is due in Plymouth on June 11. After a day or two in the town whence the Pilgrim Fathers set sail in the May Jlower in 1620, the party will proceed via Exeter, Wells, Glastonbury, Salis bury, Winchester, and Bedford to London. At each city special facilities will be afforded for the intelligent in spection of the Cathedrals and other historic buildings, one purpose of the journey being to give a complete and characteristic survey of the Cathedral architecture of England. Winchester will therefore in this respect be of special interest to the ' pilgrims.' At ?each city the party will have the assis tance of experts in the study of what is, perhaps, the most interesting series of Dtnniif.iiiutii in t.Vin amrl H frn TflnalislinnpnU ing peoples, considered either histori ?cally or from the religious point of view. The Bishop of Winchester has invited them to Farnham, where lunch will be provided in the h all of the Castle. At ?Oxford, Principal Fairbairn will hold a 1 reception in Mansfield College, and at Bedford Dr. John Brown will take the party over the ground .associated with John Bunyan. During the Btay in London, a reception will be held at the Memorial Hall, Farringdon 'Street. Dean Bradley will receive and &ddreBB; the Pilgrims in the Jerusalem ?Chamber of Westminster Abbey, and an ?excursion will be made to Canterbury, where Dean Farrar will conduct them over the Cathedral and entertain them .at the deanery. On June 25 the party leaves London for Cambridge, Ely, Boston and Lincoln, where excursions will be made to Scroobv, Bawtrv. Gainsborough, and other places ' as sociated with the Pilgrim Fathers. The American Ambassador, Hon. T. F. Bayard, has promised to join the party -at G-ainsborough on June 29, when he will lay the memorial stone of the John .Robinson Memorial Church which is being erected there. From Gainsborough the party proceed to Norwich, where Dean Lefroy is arranging' a special .afternoon service in the cathedral, and will provide tea at the deanery. Sub ? sequent arrangements include a trip to Holland, the Rhine, Heidelberg, Baden Baden, the Black Forest, Falls of the Rhine, Zurich, etc. A night will be spent on the summit of the Rigi, and] the pilgrims will return via Lucerne ?and Paris to London, . sailing from ?Southampton for New York on July 24. The chairman of the Cardiff and , -Swansea Listrict was conducting a special service in Wesley Chapel New port, when the electric light suddenly failed. Equal to the emergency the 'Chairman announced the lines — ' Plunged in a gulf of dark despair, We wretched sinners lay, Without one cheerful beam of hope. Or | spark of glimmering day.' An audible smile passed through the ?darkened building, and when the light ; returned it was evident that the ' Bishop ' had enjoyed the humour of , , -the situation not less than his congre gation. According to the census taken five years ago (although for some reason best known to the authorities the figures .have only recently been published) the population of Portugal, including Madeira and the Azores, is 5,049,729. Of this number 2,619,390 are females, and four-fifths of the population are unable to read or write. In Lisbon, the population is 612,000, and - of these ?394,338 are unable to read or write ! If these are the fruits of the Romish system, the full benefit of which Port ugal has enjoyed for centurieB, the Bible and Protestantism having been jigidly excluded from the country, ♦ surely every true lover of enlightenment, progress, and liberty should resist by ?every means the encroachments of a system of such a baneful character. . 