? Eden. Sugary. Theatre. Changeable. Spain vexed. Long speeches. Oceans of talk. Smooth tongues. Ojjera drawing. A real April day. A little more rain. Count Mattei dead- Free and independent. Railway return^ better. " Armenia, and Turkey." Murray sheep selling well. .1 inks and Tom sailing together. Any number of red-herring trails. Soudan campaign fairly launched. Parsons ugainst time ou Saturday. Delightful Oriental entertainments. J. H. Gordon "honourable" for life. .Jiuks hanging on to Tom's coattails. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-day. 29'Gl. Su^ad haunted with Armenian ghosts. The seats of all the Ministers are challenged. Adelaide rainfall for twenty-four hours, o-i^i. Laoour member Treuwith presented with £631. Wlio supplies tha Khalifa with Maxim guns? Hon. Maurice Gifford wounded by Mataat by the Rev. Haskett beles. Second lecture to-ni, Smith. A Victorian to the fore at the Olympian Games. Mr. Stead working up the Armenian horrors. Political knowledge can now tie easily acqmred- The-re-ninant of the people still able to hold their own- Only a "" Email quantity"' of water taken into the reset voire. A splendid attendance at the Rev. Haskett Smith's lecture. It is hoped that Rtgiilcr readers get enough election speeches. The Kaiser delighted with the Oxford crew. Silver, 2s. 7/ed. Foundation-stone of Marion Bridge will be laid on Saturday. North Adelaide electors in strong force to hear Mr. Harrold. American Jingoes carrying their game too far for Cleveland. Misguided people don't neglect an* opportunity for rtrvenge. Some crank wa.nts to compel ua to burn only Leigh's Creek ooal- ^ . Norwood Boat close their season on Saturday, April IS. When will Labour candidates supply us with maxim politics? Mr. W. Filgate, one of the early day sports, has crossed the Styx. Mr. E. Homburg and Captain Randell well received at Gumeraclia. Mr. Jessop declares that we can't afford socialistic experiments. Would that all racing men were as straight as poor old Mr. Filgate. The first war of profane history was about a •woman—Helen of Troy. All illegal operation in Melbourne; specialist charged with murder. Fourteen yards of election matter set up by Register comps. last night. The Penola fruit colony started by Mr. John Riddoch making headway. Native scrub, unlike the natives, benefits by village settlers' tintiilation. On 1st January, 1895, the standing armies of the world included 4,209.000 A Victorian pedestrian has been scoring at the Olympic games at Athens. Mayor Tucker can't understand why the Defence Leaguers oppose him. Mr. Harrold would raise the income tax exemption, if possible, to £200. People will soon get tired of reasoning against their own consciences. Mr. Harrold effectively disposed of false rumours regarding seamen's wages. The sister of the Bishop will open an Easter Fair at the South-road to-morrow. Great Britain now owns 6.212 cannons; Francc, S.200; and Germany, 5,920. Mr. C. Willcox had good reason to be pleased with the Gumeracha audience. Sun rose at 6.7 a.m.; tets at 5.28 p.m. Moon rose at 2.15 a.m. ; sets at 3.32 p.m. Another match spoken of between trotting mare Mystery and A. W. Harris, the cyclist. Viscount Hampden sure that Chamberlain doesn't desire to upset England's fiscal^policy. John Crozier decided to submit all his horses to the hammer just before the Adelaide Cup is run. A man, with a wife and children, prefers laws which dovetail in with domestic happiness. During the American Civil War 61,362 men i the Union side were killed outright in battle. Mr. Jessop thinks the colony is suffering badly from political detectives and political quacks. Many village settlers think the Government instead of giving them bread have given them stone. The figures Mr. Harrold quoted in regard to the pastoral industry should be most carefully studied. I have never opposed Trade Unionism. I defy anybody to say that 1 have."—Mr. Harrold. Mr. Harrold says the local floating of Treasury bonds diverts money from legitimate enterprise. Count Mattei has joined the great majority; he found no antidote for old age and succeeding death. When one praises Murray cod to Murraysettlers they seem to think one has his tongue m his cheek. Wheu one keeps his shop standing with sticks it's a poor signboard for contracts for carpentering. Good race anticipated between Geelong Grammar School and St. Peter's College crews. Go in, Saints'. Somebody wants the next Parliament to levy a tax ou imported coal. Mr. Harrold -was only amused at the idea. Tijnc£ advising the British farmer to imitate the colonial producer, and establish dairy factories in the rural districts. The Government thinking of erecting cyanide®"works iu the North-East. Have they handed over the royalties ? One cannot see the Gondoliers without remembering Violet Varley, and shedding a silent tear at her untimely end. Mr. Harrold spoke in the highest terms of the Civil servants, and objected to their being under the thumb of Ministers a.s they are. Second annual boatrace between the St. Peter's College and Geelong Grammar School will be rowed on the Barwon to- morrow. Botanic Gardens consumed less water by 4,830,0<»0 gallons during February and March this year than during the same period last year. The Emperor of Germany has congratulated Oxford upon their great achievement m snatching victory from Cambridge m the University boat race. Messra. Manifold intimated their willingness to present a trophy for the Amateur Steeplechase to be run under the auspices of the Onkaparinga Club next year. It is specially the duty of the Englishspeaking people with their vast territories and countless millions, to throw themselves into missionary work.—Sir Fowell Buxton Twice as much is being spent on armaments in Europe as at the time of the Franoo- Prussian War. The number of men loet to industry has been increased by one-half; the number of those ready for service has been trebled. From a German exchange.—A Boer was describing to another the English flag—the Union Jack. "N T o,"said the other, " I have seen it at Majuba Hill, Laing's Nek, Bronkers Spruit, and now again at Kriigersdorp, and each time it was white 1" "Thirteen years ago, when I renewed the lease of this farm, beef was 80s. and sometimes Stis. per cwt., and corn always about 20s., more or less. Nowadays best beef is only making and oats 12e., and labour costs more. Sa says a north-east of Scotland farmer. Mr. Homburg wants the ladies who are appealed to in the matter of temperance to reconcile the position of Dr. Cockburn as ^Minister of Education and as Minister of Agriculture. In the one capacity he is Vice-President of the South Australian Alliance, in the other he does all he can to encourage wine making and wine drinking. 