' Answers to Questions. Notice. — Pastoral, Agricultural, and Veterinary Ques tion* are answered in the Agricultural Columns. Questions relating to sporting matters receive attention in the Sport ing columns. ? Cattle (Lewis Ponds). — Respecting transfer of a registered brand, apply to the Registrar of Brands, Stock Depart ment, Young-street, Sydney, and he will give full parti culars. ?T. C. (Deniliquin). — W ith regard to the list of article s from which the duty has been taken off, a list has already been published several times in the Sydney Mail, and xt \- would'take too qmch space torepublish it. ... Surge. — Under tbe circumstances Btated, it iB thought that A7s version is correct, because the hymn-had already been eung, and it was known exactly how inany' verses there were, and therefore the last could only have the. . meaning of one verse, and not of a pair. 'Wood.'— Information respecting Mossbnrn, in New Zealand, cannot be obtained, and it is thought tbat per haps' the name of the towh is MOesgiel, near Dunedin, \- which contains over 1000 inhabitants. . If such ia the case, all thq information obtainablewill be given. There ? *' ? ''~~is also a Mqssgid.m New South Wales. - ' ^ -04^ Subscriber (Piedmont.).— l.There are recipes for white ' washing wills, fences, &c.t; bnt there does sot appear . to . . be -any . specially applicable to whitewashing calioo ceiling. .2. A mixture of vaseline and sulphur applied ta the roofs of tlie Biur hasbeen found a good remedy ; -; \- for dandrifi. Ayer's Hair Vigor can be recommended ' ' for the hair. Tt can b£ obtained from Messrs. Washing- r ton Soul and 06., Pitt-street, Sydney, . Maharatta. — Lord Carrington's family surname is Cairing- ' ton, which was assumed; by Boyal License in I860. The ' , present peer's father assumed the name Carringfam. in lieu of his patronymic, Smith, by Boyal ? License, in 1889\. The present Peer is the third Baron. The first Bjunn was originally Robert Smith, Esq., M.P. for Nottingham, and it is thought that he wasp banker. It j is pointed out thatcorrespondence is conducted through these columns only. 1 Enfield. — It is thought that the older an edition of the j 11 Encyclopaedia Britannica ' is, the less value it is. The \- latest (ninth edition; is issued in 26 volumes, half Bussia, j dad the price is £14 5s. It is 'considered that the only : likely way of disposing of the works is by advertise- j ment, or by writing to Messrs . Angus and Bobertson, booksellers. Castlereagh-street, or Mr. Dymock, Dymock's Book Arcade, (Jeorfre-street, describing the set, ' and one of (he firms may make an offer. tThe.-— Clear quartz large, enough to cut for apectacle j glasses is worth from 2s to 3s per lb. Crystallised quartz is n& likely to contain gold, and it is thought that if any j person refused an offer of £200 for crystallised quartz, i neither he nor. the intending buyer could have known | mqch about tie intrinsic value of the article. Apart '? from its value for spectacle glasses, it has no value, and - if it should by any possibility contain gold value can ; only be obtained in the usual way by assay. The value . of any quartz must, of course, be ankndwn until result i ofjusayjs known. D. D. B. (Dublw).— Nofurther information respecting the \- navrepaper cii&Bi; Tfie Englishman can be. -given in ad dition io.vphatwas published last week. What is referred toi is probably The Engti&man; published in Calcutta, . Iiidia. It is the leading daily ttewspapefc The managing ? proprietor is J. O'-B. Saunders, 9 Har&ndreet;, -Calcutta, : ? Jndta. The Ovtrland Enfiitfunattia alsb published by file : same firm. It is for readers in England, the Continent, and the colonies, and contains a summary of all Indian ; news. The London office of the above is IL S. Walker, ifiO Leadenhall-street. W. P. (Forest Beefs).— 1. Miss Era Carmichael and Mr Thomas Biehard Pearoe were tbe two survivors from the wreck of the Loch Ard. which vessel ires cast away on the rock-bound * coast of Otway, on the morning of 1st June, 1678. Pearce was a young midshipman, 19 years of age, the Bon of Captain Pearce, who lost Mb life some years previously in the wreck of the steamer Gothenburg. Miss Carnichael was the daughter of Dr. Carmichael, 19 years of age, above' the middle height, with black hair and a pale complexion. She was engaged to be married to a gentleman in Ireland. The Loch Ard was a ship of 623 tons, and was wrecked at The Caves, one mfle east of Cherbrooke Creek, 14 miles from Moonlight Head, on the Victorian coast. 2. The light of the moon is tbe re flection of the light from the' sun. J). C. (Dubbo).— The following marking ink is used with a brash and stencil-plate, and therefore it is thought that ? it may be used with rubber stamp : — 2 parts nitrate of silver, 4 parts distilled water, 2} parts guin arable, 8 parts carbonate of soda crystals, 6 parts liquid ammonia. 3?he best way to prepare the ink is to first dissolve the nitrate of silver in the liquid ammonia, and the gum arabic and soda in the distilled water. The two «olu \- .... tions are then mixed together and slightly. warmed, when . the whole mixture becomes brown. A. few drops of a'' solution of magenta', makes theink : sOmewnat mare distinct. When this methodig used, the linen requires no previous preparation: There are several recipes for indelible ink and marking ink, but they are stated as used with pens, sted or quill. . Delta (North Queensland V—There_are innumerable ways - for tanning lea&err; l&elisttrfpaient; processes in the United States alone fills 11 -pages. The -process you speak of is probably a diranical ©ne,or a combination or chemicals with the oidinary tanning material.: The' ;^nlphuric acid is only used .to plump the hides. ? The fol- . ? lowing is b. process for quick tanning, and is known as \- - - ' Boegel'« Process ' The green hides are depilated aud soaked in tbe usual Way. ^Chey are then placed in a solu ' tion of any vegetable tannin, or a solution containing a mixture oE severaldifferent kinds of tannin. To this are added acetate ^f alnminw., chloride of soda, and picric acid, in alternate smaller or larger quantities, according 'toi the nature ofthe skin. As'an average 501b. of achate of alumina, 10lb. of chloride of soda, and a like quantity of picric acid are used to 200Q-. of vegetable tannin.' Ibis tannin fluid .produces calf leather ialidayB, kip leather in three to lour weeks, bullock leather in fire to six weekB, the quality of Iheleather bang such. that they cannot be distinguished fromleaiher tanned in ihe ordi nary way. Yooetnbker. — The population of the Transvaal waa, at the .. .imperfect census o£ 1890, eet down at 113,128 Europeans, Of which half consists, of. the original pioneer Boer popu lation. The remainder are British, born or British colonial: There ais emigrants torn most of the other European nations alio. Tlie aboriginal native popu lation. was estimated at 560,064, and the British Indian population at 3000. The balance of numbers is gradually telling on the side . Of . the TSngl^-apraViiiff rmjdaitB, owing to tbe steady influx of new arrivals. The climate ii,ua rule, healthy, and in some parts, exceptionally bracing. The power of government is in the hands of the Boerg, and i£ exercised through a Parliament of two Chamber?. Burghers alone vote or sit in these Cham bers, and the Fnglish incomer or ' uitlandef,' as he ii called, has at present to be content with tbe force of public opinion. There is no State religion, but all deno minations of the Christian Church, with Jewish syna gogues and Mohammedan mosques, flourish and have free rights. ' The Boers themselves are divided sharply Into several - divisions of the Dutch Beformed Church. See also reply to Boer in another part of tins column. A. H. H. — ' Tanglewood Tales ' were written in 1853 by Nathaniel Hawthorne, the 'author of 'The Scarlet Letter,' ' House of ihe Seven Gables,' &c.; &c.; Na.ttiB.niel Hawthorn was an American author, having been bom at;Salem, Massachusetts, United States, on 4th July, 1804. and died on the night of 18th May, 1664, at Plymouth, New Hampshire. He was buried at Con^ i cord, Massachusetts, on 24th May, near the graves of Emerson and Thoreau. He published his first novel, ' Eanshawe,' in 1828, which was unsuccessful. After many literary . productions, he wrote ' The Scarlet Letter ' in February, 1860, ' The House of the Seven Gables' in. 1851, also '.The Wonder JBook,' a recast of classic legends for children ' and ' The Snow Image.' Other works were ' The Blithedale Bomance,' and ' Tanglewood Tales,'' a continuation of ' The Wonder Book, but this appeared first in 1853.- 'The Marble . Faun,' better known in England as ' Transformation,' was written at Bedcar, Yorkshire, in 1856, and published in 1860. In July, 1842, the author married Sophia Amelia Peabody, of Salem, a most happy marriage. The book ' Tanglewood Tales ' can be obtained from Messrs, George Bobertson and Co., George-street, Sydney. The publishers are Messrs. J?. Warne and Co., London. Beligieuse. — 1. There appears to be little doubt that .the true etymon of the wo«l ' Mass' is the Bason ' masse ; ' French, German, and Danish ' messe ; ' Low Latin ' snissa,' meaning a ' holiday ' or ' feast,' as in Christ-mas, Martin-mas. Candle-mas, Michael-mas. Mass is represented to be the feast of the Church, when Christians ' fed on the body of Christ, their Saviour.'' ' High Mass,' or ' Grand Mass ' is sung by choristers, and celebrated with tbe assistance of a deacon and sub deacon. . 'Low Mass' is simply read without singing. There is a Mass between tbese two . called ' The Chanted Mass,' in which the service is chanted by' the priest. Besides these there are . a number of special : masses, as ' Mass of the Beatoe,' ' Mass of tbe' Holy Ghost,' ' Mass of tbe Dead,' ' Mass of a Saint, ; ' Mass of Scarcity,' ' Dry Mass,' ' Votive Mass,' ; . ' Holiday Mass,' ' Ambrossian Mass,' ' Gallic Mass,' ' Mass of the PresanAified for Good Friday,' ' Missa Mosarabum,J' &e.;, &c.; 2\. The ?proverb, ' Close sits my . shirt, but closer my Bkin, 41 means ' My property is dear to me, bat dearer my life ; my belongings sit doseto mv heart, but ' ego proximus mihi.' ' Shirt for ensign ori ginated thus ' When Sultan Saladin died he com manded that no ceremony Bhoold be used but this : A priest was to carry his shirt cm a lance, and say ' Saladin, the Conqueror of the East, carries nothing with him of all his wealth and greatness save a shirt for bis shroud and ensign. Piscator (Balmain).— 1. The ' Monk Fish,' or ' Angel Fish' is a genus of fishes included in the shark order. : and forming the type of tbe family ' Squatinidee.' It ' ' gains its popular name from the expanded pectoral or ventral fins, which give to the body a winged or hooded ap-' ' pearance. The average length is 6ft. or more. It ^ occurs around the British coasts, and in .European seas ' generally. The head is broad and rounded. No hind fin ! exists, and the two spiracles or breathing-pores exist on the tap of tbe head. The skin is coveted with small plaooid scales. -- An allied specie^' occurs in the Mediter ranean. 2. The ' Angelica Tree ' is the English name for ' Aralia spinosa,' sometimes called ' Toothache j Tree.' 3. ' Angina Pectoris ' is the name given to a ! severe paroxysmal, suffocative pain, in tbe chest, in tbe region of the heart, accompanied by extreme anxiety qnd a foreboding of-impending death. Thepain usually j shoots towards the left shoulder, and lasts for only a few minutes. Several attacks may occur, and at last the ^ individual dies during a seizure. The affection is symp tomatic of fatly disease of the wall of the heart, j or of disease 'of the. Vwats of the cardiac blood '' vessels. Little can' be' done during the attack, except to. apply . warm poultices over the ' heart, and give' internally, diffusible stimulants, such as ammonia, ether wine, and. brandy. . The. inhalation of a'few drops of nitrate of amyl often gives great relief. 4. { . The gold 'coin referred to is. evidently what was called an ' angel,' . which was formerly in use' in England,' and ; \- ranged in value from 6s 8d to 10a. It -derived its name from having on its obverse side a figure of the archangel Michael piercing the dragon. ' Angels were first coined in the fifteenth century, and continued to be coined till the period of the Commonwealth. Boer. — The natural seaports of the . Transvaal (officially ' The South African Bepublic ') are Delagoa Bay and Durban, Pretoria being distant (by Colonel Machado'e railway survey) 348 miles from the former and 441 miles from tne latter. From Delagoa Bay, Durban, and the Oape Colony ports lines of railway were in 1892 fast ap- ' preaching the centre of the State. They are now as far as the Vaal Biver, and are being constructed to Johan nesburg. Potchefstroom (5000 inhabitants) is the capital of the State ; Pretoria (15,000 inhabitants) is the seat of Government ; and Johannesburg (40,21s inhabitants) is the great centre of the mining, as it is of the financial, . world of the Transvaal. The coinageis British. The Bystem of law is Boman Dutch. and is administered in «' the high and circuit courts by Judges (ohiefiy English' barristers), and in the lower courts by landdrost'a (stipendiary magistrates). The gold laws are adminis tered by special executive and judicial officers, with u-peals to the Supreme Court. - The official language is Dutch, but English iB that of.everyday life, and Is fast 1 : \- becoming that of the State. Dual language and a poli- t tical franchise admitting the English residents have been lookedfor-expectantly forborne. time-past, and, in spite of recent occurrences, Jt is thought that they must come. The State has immense latent wealth in its minerals, for, ' in' addition to- the numerous goldfields, the proven deposits of silver with copper ,*na lead, of iron, coal, cobalt, and other metals and minerals, are sufficient to ' show that nature has favoured the Transvaal beyond all AfricanStateS. Tho country is iich in corn and pasture land, and is coming gradually wider cultivation. Coffee , and rice are luxuriant in certain parts. ' There is a rail ? way from Johannesburg to Krumrsdoip, by means of which ammunition was conveyed recently to the Boers. Uitlander (Sydney).— Johannesburg, thp chief town and mining centre of the Transvaal goldfields, is situated about 6000ft. above sea level, 298 miles north-east of Kimberley, and 350 miles north of Ladysmith, frem each of which towns there is a railway to the coast, and in 1890 President Kruger declared his personal approval of the extension of the railway system to Johannesburg. In spite of the want of railway facilities, the mining in dustry in the neighbourhood has made suiprising pro gress. Over 40.000oz. of pure gold were produced from the mines in the immediate neighbourhood of the town in the month of February, 1890. The . supply of water, both for '''''p and domestic purposes, is uncertain, and a drought in the autumn of 1889 led ' to a temporary famine. On 18th July, 1888, tbe Transvaal Government proclaimed certain farms on and around the now famous Beef of Witwatersrandt, about 80 miles B.8.W. of : Pretoria, as public -goldfields ; and the ground on which Johannesburg now stands was selected as the site of the new station or town. The progress has since been steady and rapid, though tbe Government bas done nothing for the town. In the spring of 1890, the streets were not lighted, aaS only the concession for paving the principal street had been granted. The Government buildings con sist of the Poet and Telegraph offices, and the Mining Commissionier's^and the Landdrosfs (magistrate's) offices, &c.; Fine banks, churches, hotels, club houses, with ?hops and private houses, and a magnificent fitock ex charae have been ere^ad. The climate is, or would be, very healthy, were not the sanitary conditions so unsatis- . factory, ana were it not for tbe frequent terrible dust storms, in consequence of which fevers and pneumonia , are often prevalent. Tlie neighbourtjood of Johannes burg is delightful, and villas and fine suburban houses are (springing up on all sides. Planting is being under takenby private capitalists. The' country is naturally baxeoftreea. .X- Y. ifi. {North Sydney}.— 1. Tbe^frprd fastbas apartiou .' lar meaning m certain c&seb; A fast man ' is. not a man 'who' is fleet or speedy on his feet, but is one who lives a continual round of pleasures bo fast that he wears ' himself out. A *' fast young lady M is one who talks dang, assumes the air of akntfwing one, -and baa no xe . apectfor fanale ddicaeyand retaremcnt.. She fa tbe ape of the fpst young man. ' To play fast and loose.' is to run witb the bare ahdbdld with t&e; bounds to blow both hot and cold ; t-o say one tiling and to do another. The allusion is to a cheating game practised at fjairs. A belt is fiddfid, and the player is asked to prick ft with a skewei, so as to pin it fast to the table. Having so done, the adversary takes the both ends and looses it or draws It away, showing tbat it has not been pierced at alL 2. Finny Fem was the nom de plume of Mrs. Sarah Pavson Barton, sister of Mr. N. P. Willis, tbe American poet. . She was bosn in 1811, and died in 1872. 8. Yes, Mary, , tbe Mother of our Lord, has been represented in different wajs. As the Virgin, «be is represented in Christian art . with flowing hair embfanatae of her virginity. As Mater bolorum, ia ' Our lady of Pity,' she is repre sented as somewbat elderly, Clad m tooUrning, head dxnied, and weerang over the dead body of CJirist. As 'Our Lady of Doloura,' die Is represented as seated, b€r breast being pierced wiih seven swords emblematic of her seven soitowb. As ' Our Lady of Mercy,' she is repre sented with arms extended, spreading out her mantle ' and gathering tdnners beneath it. As, ' The Glorified Madonna,' die - is represented as boring a crown and sceptre, or a ball and cross, in rich robes, and surrounded b£ angels.' Her Seven joyB were The Annunciation. Visitation,' Nativitr, ? Adoratlon of the Magi; Presenta tion in the Temple, FindiDg Christ amongst the Doctors, and the 'Assumption. Her seven sorrows were:— 8imeon's Prophecy, The Flight into Egypt, Christ MissecL The Betrayal, The Crucifixion, The Taking \- Down from tbe Ooss, and the Ascension, when she was left alone. Inquirer (Sydney!. — 1. Ttie Alexandrian Library, 'theflrs such institution that the world had ever seen,' was originated by _ Ptolemy Soter (at the suggestion, it is said of Demetrius Phalereus), organised by Philadel chus, and increased by their successors, particularly by Energies, who,bv unscrupulous stratagems, enriched it with most valuable Greek MSS. It was situated partly in the Brucheium, or royal quarter, and partly in the vast temple of Serapisf of whose 400 columns Pompey's Pillar now alone remains. The library contained ?-00/»00 volumes, or, according to another ? authority, 700,000 Volumes. The most remarkable addition to its number was the Pergamos Library of 200,000 volumes, presented by Antony to Cleopatra, which repaired the total loss of the old library of Ptolemies during Csesar's Alexandrian war. The library was included in the general destruc tion of the Serapeum by Theophilua in 391 a.d. ; and its remains, of the extent of which, it is impossible to form a just estimate, were finally destroyed by order of Omar in 640 a.d. 2. The Fishing Frog, or Angler Fish, is frequently cast up on English shore? after' storms, and is sometimes called the . ' sea devil,' or ' Granny fish.' ' It attracts attention by the enormous size of the head and wide opening of the mouth, which is amply furnished ? with teeth. The head is broad and flat, the eyes being placed on its upper surface. The body is -short, and the tail tapers. Two dorsal fins' exist. The pectoral fins are well developed, the rentrals being situated below them. The scales are small, and sparsely scattered over the bodyv The gill aperture is placed behind the pectoral fins, and is of small size, the gill chamber itself being l«ge- The front of the head bears two elongated fila , merits, which are said to.be of use to the fish in cap turing its prey- It thus buries itself in the mud, and by ?' moving 'these filaments about attracts the attention of smaller fishes; which unsuspiciously approach the con cealed enemy, and are thus seized. Btom this practice the name of angler fish has been derived. 