PubUihml JCeery Titetday, Thundatj, and Stiturdai/, ' I am In the place where 1 am demanded of conscience to speak the truth 1 and there , foro tho truth I apeak, Impugn It whoso list,' TUB RBPEBENDUU. Tbe laat business ot any Importance left for the Assembly to deal with, Is considera tion of a Hill, introduced by the Government, providing for tbe adoption of tho Ueferen du,m, Tbe debate on the second reading of tha Bill was commenced on Friday night and adjourned until to-night. The seeond reading waa moved by the Premier and sup ported by the Treasurer, while It waa opposed by tbo Leader o( the Opposition and ono or two other speakers, tbo former moving that tha Bill be read a second timo ' this day six months.' The Referendum Bill provides that any Bill whloh shall bo passed by the House of As sombly In two consecutive sessions of Parlia ment, and. which thall be rejected by. the Legislative Council In each ot such two consecutive sessions, may bo submitted for tho approval of the people of Tasmania by means ot a general poll of or referendum to ths eleoUrs for the House of Assembly, A Bill whloh shall not be passed without sub stantial alteration by tha Legislative, Coun cil vfttbla two months after ths message transmitting; tbe same has been communi cated to tbo Legislative Council from tho House of Assembly, shall bo deemed, un less the Parliament bo sooner prorogued or dissolved, to bavo been 'rejected,' The quostlona whether any Bill transmitted to the Legislative Council In the second of two consecutive aesijons la substantially tbe same Bill as that rejeoted In the preceding session, and whether a Bill has or has not been passed without substantial alteration by tbo Legislative Counoll, Is to be finally decided by a. resolution of the Houaa of Asaembly. No Bill Is to bo submitted to a referendum unless, within 21 days after its second rejection by the Leglalatlvo Council, ?n address is presented to tha Governor by the Bouso of Assembly requesting that tho Bill be so submitted. But no suoh address shall bo presented until a resolution has boon carried'' in tho House of Assombly approving of suoh address, Within 14 days after anaddresi haa beon presented to tho Governor he may proclaim* day for a roloroadum, not loss than 14 days nor mora than 21 days after the date of tho publication ot tho pro clamation in tho Oaxettl, On such pro alaimod day tho returning officer ot each electoral district ot tha Houso of Assombly shall proceed to tako a poll at tho polling places appointed for such district, ot all persons ontttlod to vote In tha elec tion ot any membor of tho ITouio ot Asuomhly, and who ilnnlie to volu for or against the bill lueinnliig lnw. A notlco of tho result of tho ni[eiiiniliiin Is to bo published In tho Oatflte by the Olerk of llio HxGcullvo Uounoll, mill slid) !-o «m- chinlvo ovldence of tho rcbult uf mieh kiikmhI poll or referendum, If tha voles msirdud against the Hill becoming law amount tn nuo-lmlf of tho total iiumlrar of vutes 10 cordeil, then tliu Hill nlmll Lo ilenmod lo hnvu been ' -ll«approvud or,' and uhill not become law ; but if tho votes aghlnst tho Dill amount to lean than onolmlf of tho total number recorded, tho Hill ahull bu deemed to havti been 'approved of,' nnd tho Clerk of the Leglnlallvo Council slmll then, lit tho Ritme manner an If Ilia Hill had been paused l.y both Hounc.i of I'.ir Imintrit, present tho snum to tliu Governor for the lloyal Asienl ; and after tbo iimciiL has beau l-iveii bucIi Act shall bo an Act of tba I'arlln ment uf Tasmania trlthln tho meaning of 11 The Constitution Act.' During tho debate ou Friday night on tho second rending of the 1)111, the I'remler and tha Treasurer Btrongly urged tho adoption of the Iteferon dum, Tho strongest arguments used lu favor Of tho principle in this Instance can bo turned with equal forco agalnat it, and against the proteaaod objoct for ila adoption. Instances wero given of (bo rejection of various measures by the Legislative Council, and it li to bo asaumod that It Is almply fur this reason that (bo adoption ot the Referen dum Is advocated I Inconsistency on the part of the two principal supporters of the mil stands ont clearly, and, ' reading between tho lines,' it would appear that the uao of the Referendum Is sought mainly to satisfy personal feelings on tUi} part ot tho two leading membnra ot the Government, Among other Government proposals rejeoted by tho Oounoll tills aotalon waa one for thluv Ing £45,000 from tho Ulvoratono-llurnlu railway vote, Tho proposed rc-appropilation waa Improper and illegal, and tba Council was porfoctly right In rofuilng to sanction tho theft. But the rejection of tho proposal has no doubt inconvlenced tho Government, as it withlrew three-fourths of tho money to ho expended on public works, and mado tho Trsaturor turn In another, but In a moro legitimate, direc tion, to obtain tbo necessary amount, It Is suoh a check as this that tho Government wishes to suppress I A good deal has also been said by tho supporters of tho Itoforcn dum as to tho necessity for au appeal to ' tho poopto ' on particular measures. Aro theae ad vocateaslncoro,oraro their arguments morely a sop on tho ovo of a general elec tion I Thoy may bo thought to be ot the., latter character, becauio tho same legislators, only a few daya ago, re fused to listen to tho wishes ot tho representatives ot three-fourths of ' tho peopla ' on tho Groat Western Rail way Bill, and also positively refused to re ceive a petition from ' the people ' of Launceston on tho same subject. It la difBoult to see consistency in such actions as these. Tho iPremler and Treasurer also bad a good deal to say with roforonco to tho working of tbe Referendum In Bwltxerland, But tha two measures do not agree, and surprising Ignoranco was displayed by Inferring to tha contrary. The result at tbo Itutorundum Hill now be fore Parliament, It it la carried, will bo to divert and suppress tho power ot tho Legis lative Oounoll. Its offtjot would alro be to strlko a sorlous blow to our bicameral system, which is tho strongest and ths beat feature of tho English Constitution, and one that should not lightly bo Interfered with. Efforts in some ot the other Colonies to sacuro tbo adoption ot the Referendum have been signally defeated, notably in tho Legislative Council of New South Wales a few days ago, whero tho mauure wai rejootol by an ovoiwbelmlng majority on tha firtt reading. Tho operation of tho Referendum may bo calculated to be productive) of much more harm than good In theao days of party Government. Tho aotions ot tha Upper Houso, in all oaais, can no moro bo expected to moot with tho approval of members of tho Lower House than tho measures pasted by tho Asaembly on always bo oxpoated to ba vlawod with favor by members ot tha Legis lative Oiuncll, Tho opinions of both aro entitled to respoct to a certain extont. The present sjstora Is tho best to provide the necessary ' balance,' which must- not bo permitted to bo upset simply to satlsf/ tbo disappointment of a few legislators who may be controlling the Government ot tho Colony this year, but who may not oven be mercborj of Parliament next yoar. It la to ba hoped members of the Assombly will fully realise. tho gravity of the proposal and rejoot tho .Referendum Bill. But should party InBu ence prevail, and tho measure bo passed in tho Assembly, there Is no reason lo think tho Oounoll will nailst towards Its own suppres sion, but that It will Instantly conalgn tho Bill to Ita propor place— tho .waste paper baakot. Nicy* Pubmo UniLD!Na8.-It Is expected that tenders for tho now poat and telegraph offices nt Btanley and Mathlnns will bo out .iVew dW T°a-lers aro also to bo in vited shortly fora State school and tesohor'a roaldsncs at Quoenitown (Mt, Lyoll dla TUB WAIIATAll.ZlORHAN lUlI.WAY.— Mattuta lu ooriiiiMillon with tho oonsti notion if tha W«r-ttali-Xiiolta,u. railway ara how al most complutral, and it U oonflduntly ox neotod that a start will bo made wlili this Important work bofore tha end of tha prenunt month, Ot.AIMH TO Votk.— A remlndor is nlvon lo all purnnns entitled to Imvo thidr naiiiea In nerti'il In the rollK for 18(17, for I'.trllniii ntiuy olLMitiiiiia, that olidms to votn limlor Iho in ai.in.!, B-riiry, or wutr-s i|iiiillllei-tloiia miiat l,i Hniit In t'.i llui ri'luiniiiK ollloerii of tliu vnrl.iiis uleelnntl diatriuts by Tu-!s-lay nuxt, thnlitlhlimt. Tbhtamkntaiit.— Tho f.dlowliin prubitiM Imvo licoii Iahho.1 :-.luhn Hell In l''ranc-n Kllniiliuth Hell, £222; duor^ I'.ilni'ir 1.1 Thoiiiun I'aliiiurandUiuirttultiwIand I'nlini.i, «1I71 j Marln .lunu I'armnwru to Oliarlm Heauinont Ilnriii-H (Irnlih, ill, (111:. ; D.iiiiiIh O'liimry to John Nugent tbo ulder mil Arthur tleorfo Youd, JBUJ. WYNYAIII) IIOUTIUULTUIlAIi HoOIKTY.— Tho 'cbrdiilo of prir.es, up to -Uiu, for tliu Initial Hprlnis Hlmw of the Wynynrd II. mi- cultuntlHoclaty, will bo found 011 tho fourth pagonf lldaissuo. Tbo contiiiiiml ellirlx of Iho joint hon. Been., MimUine* HarrlHiin and Winilsiir, to Buourj succukb, aru lielng ru wuided by nddllloiinl epechil ptl/.'M, mil among tho addlllnna to Ihu aeliudiilu i.ppuar Ing to-iluy aru Bpeclala for nix v.irlctlux of climbing platils, 1111a while cabbige, nnd frilled pinaforu madu by chlldrcii under l'J. The energetic Hjciotarioi are to In oun grntulated on tha varied and viilunblo ache ulonf prlt's they luvo been nblo ti sutimit for ciimpotlliun an It \» one ot tba best yvl ufferud uy nny country Horticultural Houlciy 111 Ihu colony. Keen competition. In most of tho svotlons is nertaln, nnd Iho show prumiHeit to bo a grcit snecuss. The IIacjic Link lloin.— Our Clrctilur Head cnrroaptinduiit wrltua:— I roeenlly re ported that the motion to eipund part ot tliu £1)00 voted for the Itiok Lino Itoad cast, on the wont aide, was (at tho Inst mooting of the Koad Trust) defeated, I havo alnoe (icon In formed the voto was originally Intended by Government for both naat anil west, but that tho matter was loft to the Trust, who de cided lo spend tho whole sum as stated, Mr O. T. Konl has, however, aettvoly Interested himself In tha matter, and communicated wl^b tbo Minister ot Lands and Works. Ho has received tho wolcome Intolllgonco that there Is an nnexpended batanco of £2(50. available for Iho west side, whloh sum, owing to tho representations maila by Mr Ford, Is to ba spent forthwith, and tenders will bo Invited for the work at an early dalo. Ini provoments to this road oaunot bo com menced too soon. Thoro Is a largo quantity of produce to be carted from tho farms front ing on It, and If aoraoililnx Is not done before Ihti winter It will bo almost an impossibility for tha farmers to bring their product) to Stanley, Lnat winter this road wan in a torrlblo stalo, and positively dangerous to cart on, Ponoi Ghanqiu.— \To understand 'that Constable Saully, of Burnie, goes to Wuratah In tbo phoo of Constable llogan, removed to U'froy recently. Constable O'Halloran, of Wynyanl, comes to Uurnlo | Oanstable Plane ot Ucnconslield, balog transferred to Wyn yard. . Cbiokkt.— A match is to bo played on the O im ground next Saturday between Uo mains and Free Yoornen teams. Tho Ro malne team has beon solcotcd as follow;— J, Saward, O. Townaend, B. Hill, W. llrakoy, 8\. Walker, J. kTlsher, J. Poison, Q. Bennett, K. Allen, T. Towosend, W, Hutson | croer. gencles, D. Pulson, J. Flaher, 'Iho team lu represent C.ira against Uurnlo (seconda) on Saturday will be selected frnm tbe follow ing :— Mannering, Oonroy, Brown, Sutton ;2), Ooodill, Appledoff, D jay ton, llo'skoll, Woodward, Ling, Clarke (2), and Pugh, Ocn Next AaKNT-ORNKnAL, ? The ' Warohouaeman,' London, In K ruaint Isiuo stated that ' after aa absonca of SS yeari Sir Philip Oakley Kysh returns from Tiamanla to auumo tba responsible position of Agent-' General, Sir Philip is not unknown In Lon don. Born in Highbury 00 years ago, ho entorod tho services of .l«. Stevenson and Sons, soft-goods merchant*, who sent him out to manage thuTasoianlan branch of their business at tho ago ot 23, Attar * tuw years he converted (ho business into a liousi of hla own with the stylo ot P. O, Fysh and Co,' Thero it reason for bolleving that tliu refer oqca to Sir P. O. Fysh aa tho next Agent. General for Tasmania Is found upun a strong probability. Sdddkx Death at Duos; It i veil— Our corraepoiidont reports that Mr L. 1'uko, aged 23, son of Mr W. Poko, Duck Blver, died suddenly on Tuesday. Ths deceased waa subject to epileptic fits. Ho appeared to bu well at dlnnnr tlmo, but was jMaThd dead shortly afterwards. An inquest will bit held. O.M.K. OHORon, PBNOOIK.Theannlver sary services ot the above uburoh we,ro cole bratcil on Sunday lust, when three services wero conducted, In tha morning at 11 and In tha afternoon at 2 30, by tha circuit min ister, UovT.J. Payue, tho Bey J. Hogors, Primitive Methodist, occupying the pulpit In the evening. Tho attomlanco at eaoh ser vice was good, tho atterncon and evonlng exceptionally so. Ureut credit ia due to tba ladies and their co-workers who bo beautifully ' decorated tho church. Tbo choir, under tha lcadortdil,- of Mr O Ling, with Miss Groom as organist, rendered snlundld sorvlco throughout tho day. On '1 aesday the annual tea and publlo meeting took place In tho church, The tables pre sented a very attractive appaaranco, being literally loaded with good thing*, while the ladles In.charga wero kfpt busy supplying Iho needs ot their numerous visitors.- At 8 o'clock tho churuh was cleared tor tho publlo meeting. In tho absence of Mr R. Smith, of Plnewood, through Ulnoaa, who had been in vited to preside, Mr J. Owens, circuit stew ard, was called upon to ill the petition of chairman, discharging his duties admirably, Tho report submitted by Mr O. Fielding, of working expenses of the church during the past yunr, showed tliu fqnda to bo In a healthy stnto, Karneat nnd atlrrlng ad dreasea were delivered by the ll'iv T. J, Payne, Her J. llogera and Pastor Bowo, Tho choir again rondorod splendid help In the musical part ot tho programme. A voto ot thauks, moved by Mr O, Kidding nnd seconded by tho circuit minister, to tbe will lug workers who had worked ao wholeheart edly in tbo Inteio-U nf I lie nnnlvursary, brought a vory aucouasful and onJoyaUlu anniversary aervleo to a eloao.— Communl- oatod. An up-to-date provorb I Jones and Oo.'a IXL Jams aro tho best. 2 AN Am Ship.— A Dahlol message from Bin Kranolaco statts :— Au undertaking known as tho Atlantla and Pacific Ariel Navigation Company was formed on the 20th August, with amplo capital, to bogln the construction ot an air ship. The vessel, which Is to ba olgar-shaped aud of aluminium, la expected to make tho trip from tlnil city to New York in 40 hours, and to cross the Atlantlo In 24 hours, Tho 'Lancol' la tho grentoar. Mod leal Journal In tho world, and it enys :— ' Tho GALLKY llRAND WitlBKY 1b a thoroughly wolj-matureil spirit, exceptionally mellow to tha tnato, oud notwitlmtnndlnR tta oxccllont rtoh color, thoro la no reslduu, tho mineral matter and I usll oil aro abaolutoly nil. K thoronghly hcalthv attraulnnt.' r»'VT.l Try Jones and Oo.'s IXL Jams and you will uss no other,— Advt. - Wbatiuii IConBOABT.— Thp wuather fore, oast for 'iasmnula iBiuod at Iliiahuno, jostur ilay afternoon, la na follow* : — « Kliin but oloudy 1 Bhowurai varlablo winils | modoriito Tub Hick linn.— Tho nuincruus frl,u, 1 of Mr» O. II. Hull, Moiilh Uurnlo, will IS |.l..«.u,ll..l™r..th»t.h.il,,,,aklnlli(iui,,,^ Krens towards ruouvory from a hoiIuus attiinlt i,f Iho liinxs. A sun of Mr lUinmun, fluuil, llnnilu, who waa injured In tl,u ',!,, , »''„ «?' ? B' wl.ilo |,l,yl,,« f,,otl,,iil, li,,» S ordered to 1.1m l.aunceslun ll,,,,lui ,„,' apaalal treatment. Mr II. l,y,,i|,'8 a'( , ban bixm veiy 111 Uurltig tliu tusai fow -lav. IifivIiik been dulliluua rn.vui.il t,iiml, Mr Vt' I.uwsjii in lioiillugil t,, Ida room by »,11,,i „ 111 tack uf his old eomplalut. HevJral c, e of mild llliidsdcs aru iiIho reported, and iulluoui'.ii, in 11 mora or Km, b'ot™ form, ,l» rather prevalent In lhu di.lrlet. Mr I). Hopkins, win, recently unduiwout an operation for mi abscenB In the fueo, l,,s Bullieloiitly rucoiored to not abuutaii.ln .n,i dualittlollftiLwurk. Ciuout.AU Hkau N»tk-.— Our corro. Bponduni writus:— All our rariitnlern ara very bu.y at wurk doing up lhu l,ou,eil to' (JtsriHtma*. Mr I). Keiuu,oii hn.» Just finished pilnting trio houmiucetipied by Mrs Oldham 1 tbo trout him boon very taalily dune, and will bo a (food advertisement for Mr Pew «-m.— Mr Vulu has imported a spcclul bloyelo for MrO.Hlizzard. It la a Nmv Kapid, of the lnteBt pattern with all imiiroToments Tbo ouly bloyulu llko it in tho placo Is owned by Mr H.U. lHi«..rd, ,0 tha two brothers iwvo two best umchlaos ta tho dl«. 'Stim. Tiiet Com K.'-Thls Is tho latest report I ruin Mr p. li. Willis, hon. m. of the Kin' Hny Horticultural Huoloty, loiardlnu special prltes for tliu Spring Buo* on W«T. neBiUy, December 2. The latfal gtllorously doimted aru — u trophy valued at 17/tf for collootion of not leas than 12 varloilusut cut Hjwsra (section 1:1) | goods lo tho vuluo of 6/ for druaaed auoklnif pig, Sf for dressed gooBO, and 3/ for prettiest design In floral ikovtco. Tliu very attractive priad list offered should enturo keen competillou all round aud anotbsr woll merited auccosstul exhl. bltlou. Inlonillng competitors aro reminded that ontrlca oloju on Monday, Nuvember 30, with tho hon. uo, Mr Willis, or Mr S. U, Kills, ut Falrthotuu aud Hum, oliemlsts. I)lOVCt-E8. — Tho attention of etclista, or Intending cyclists, Is directed lo the an nouncement ot tbo tiugllth and Arauilcuu Oyola Depot, Uhcrstone, appearing on ths Hist pauo, A. largo atook o( excullcnt bi cycles, tor Udlea or gentlemen, Is on hand, and In ths advunUomunt will us found tliu prices for several of thuin, Tbo firm assert that their pricua 'aru 20 pur cunt, less than for any oilier michino ut equal quality sold lu this colony.' Itloyclo accessories uf all kinds cm also bj outlined from ilia Hi. and A, Cyclo Ujpot, repairs aro promptly execu lei, huh uicyciea can oe outaineu uu hire. gossTiONAuun LltviTT.— The fuany man of u South Australian paper, tliu ' W«lluroo Tlmoii,' chooses a subject for merrhuuut that nuy be described as upon to lhu cumlrucilon of buing, It auythlog, a little ill-timed. Ho says :— '' Tho coeklco are having sotua tun with their orups, and expect mure later on, It ia Intensely amusing to watch tliu contor tions ot oat and dwarfy cockapur as they try to dodj-o the Rliuoting blade u( the mowing machine, If successful tboru thoy jo for tho horso rake, or nitlier go through It, hut they aro conildiired to bo invaluable Ibis season, and every effort la bulng made lo c.iptuie them. In the work of carllou;, a lot. ut labor aud bad language is saved by enclosing buy frames with wlro netting and uslni- shovels instead ot forks for loading with. The farmers hero may have much to he thankful for, but still they heartily wish It were moro, Some of tho cro[-a ara veiy light, but there are othors that will go fully as high as 3 ' owt. ot bay per acre, «nd would teach the waist of an ordinary iljed mm— If bo wero lying down in It, A caae ia repotted whero tho owner ot a crop atarted out with his dog lo drive oS aa animal thought to bu n row, he saw walking about through his wheat, On nearlng tbo beast ho found that it was a tew liiard In searcn of a shady spot,' Home la home I Uo It ever so bumble there's no place like home. Jam Is jam 1 Hit it ever so good there's no (am llko Junes IXL. 2 Nbw Zkaxand Elections.— Sir Itobcrt Stout, Interviewed by a preuman asking fur information concerning the projects of tho approaching Oouoial Ulectlon Oainpalgn,B-lil there might not he a cuuiplete reversal ot the Liberal policy. The pulley of 1803 baa al ready boon caat to thu winds, ll has been abandoned. Thoselt-rullant, non-borrowing policy ot Mr Ballanea Is not now tho policy ot Ministers. What will happen will bu that many Independent Liberals will bo returned, and there will buaoluugoln administrators, And It la not before time, Publlo funda are boing wantonly wasted for party emit. Ono has only to read tbo Public Woiks Kill mate* to discover that, They record 'Jol»' by the hundred. The Oimeral Klectiou cannot bo held later that tho third week In December, but probably it will bu iwld during thu lint weok In December, ' Is TrriioiD a Pbeventablb Dibbue I— Any manor woman who haa evsr struggled through tha ten, twolvo, or flttoou weeks' experience of a determined attack ot typhoid fever will think wo have placed an exceed ingly Important question at tho head ot this annotation. Can typhoid bu prevented; Wull, either it can or it cannot | cither it Is a dlacaao whose cause wo know and can deal practically with, or it remains still ono ut thosa mysteries whloh baffle science and practice alike, Hut typhoid Is not now a' mystery ' to tho man of science | of that wo are aure. It Is, on tho contrary, a well understood and entirely manageable and preventable malady. Dr, .T. 1C. i'ayward, uiedlo.il officer of health for Haydook, Lancashire, tolls bis parish in his annual report notonly that It la preventable, but also by what precise and ilmplo means It muy bo pro vented. We havo had occasion before to expreas approval of Dr, llayward a Intelligence and thoroughness 'as a medical olllcor ot health, and we commend with aen ftdanoahls tersulv expressed ' 1'ilnolples of Typhoid Prevention, ' aa made publlo in hli report for 1805. , » Typhoid Is a proventahlo disease,' say a (hla authority. 'It U » dlBeaaa of tilth, ami especially ot tlio tilth ot human exoroment,' That ia to bo taken as Iho beginning of knowledgo, thoAUOof typhoid prevention, by tho nnaclontlBo. Tbo next step la oqually easy. Typhoid Ib a dlseaso ot bacilli, typhoid bacilli | and Iho bacilli we Dad In humnn exorcmcut, and In drinking water fouled by such excre ment. It la probable that no man or woman over lakes typhoid except by Bwallowlng some typhoid bacilli. They rnny bo swallowed, aa wo havo said, In drinking water, or they may be Hying about In tlio air In tho nulKhborhood of typhoid excre ment, and may bo swallowed wlthmouthfuls of air. What then l« the ttrat and laat com mandment of typhoid prevention) 'Glenn- llncBBj personal and publlo cleanliness.' It la all there. If wo keep ourselves clean i If wu keep our drinking wator clean | if wo keep oureloflotsand our drains, our kltchom, Bcullorlcs, gardens, streets, nnd towns en tirely clean, typhoid will bo practically as great a stranger to moat of iib aa Is tho ghost of King Solomon or the shade ot tlio extinct Doluothorlum.— ' Hospital.' Too muoh familiarity la said to breed contompt, but not bo In respect to lib Jama as a oloior intlamoy and Inoreaiud use only servo to maUo their superiority tho moro pronounced. ? * UKTUIIN (lH TUB KUKIUM IIANII.-Krom Monday's ' lloral.l ' w« lonrn that llii.ro lm» ,,ov'r boon a larger «r..w.l 'f people nollaotod Inui'lhor nl SSuuhiin limn lli.it which us |%U«I « I!' »|'w«y ?Mlon on Hui.day nlulit to utcoUIiu Imml «n It* rolurn fr.iin M» vloloVluni Hydi.ny I rip When tho i,x o r»l.m ti..h. .fr.lv.Mi ti.iin Hli-,.h,iii ll,u .Utlun was throng.'d with ? pl.i, lli.i nun,. bur bolng vnrloiiHly cut I mnti'il at fium 2,1)00 to flOWl. Tho ''nuratcli ' Im. .1, which l,n,| lii-on organised Bpi'dully lo piny a welcome huino In Ilia ulininplnim hid eongnwital .it the station num.) llmo before Ilia Iru ? r- nv.'il Hii.l iih II. Hloamed in liny Btmok u|i tliu InBiiltllliiK lima of ' «i!o tho cnniiuorlnv Inirn auincB.' ?riiuvlolorliiiinlMiinlitiima wi-re warmly Donuriituliitul mi Iliolr mirccsi mid auonrdi'd a inuat unlliiiBlHHllo wcliainin. At Hlrahan on Hun.lHy morning Ilicru win n biiiiiII oruwil nuriillhiif tliu arrival of llui nUmmer, iiml when Hit. lmn.lnm.-n l.ui.lo.1, Mr IC. II. BWull, on behalf of mmh.ni rusidmiti., c.ifurud th ? aonKratuUll.-nBiin Ilii-lr triumph, nn.l lmn.ln.l Iho bandmaster, Mr Umld ? cheque for *5 B8 b Hlr.iliiiii ilonntiiin tmv*nln Hit hind fund. Mm Kowull an.l w.veial ntlicr ladlus badvory tlionKtit Tully provided bulge., and Lho»o worn iiliwiu.1 uii to thu brcn«ts of oaob niombor by Iliu lfi'lieH. Needless to Buy, such a delloato cuiupM iiijnt w.ia fully up. predated. THS U.A.A.A. Co, Ltd.— Krnmtho'Poat' wo learn that at a meeting of directors of tho abovc-numed company llio following prl«es In connaiilloii with tho recent ami inoii's carnival nt Lntrobi wuro immmM for immnnt : —Champion 2ft Mocks, Jtfl3 j Handicap, «M ; Uii.lorhnnil Oli»p, £20/14/ j Bind Contest, £.'10 j Mulilcii Oliui-iiln», £H ; Bushman's Krlon.l, JS.'I ; Ohnmplon 18ln Chop, «8.. Ill tliu sawing, oiid puling »[.il. ting the secretary reported that tieru h.i I not beon enough starters to in iko n match, but ho bnd arranged with Ihu competitor* priuont to gl»e *ll '? prl-») In those events. Oihor aocoiinta In connection with thucurnl val were pauod, nmountlng to £73, tha total amount passod for paymont buing AROV/14/. Tasmania ta noted for hor salubrious oil-' mate, lovely BCenury and IX L Jama. Try tholaller. :? UkfuoeIM aOaQBoP IIkaus.— A curious case came befura tht Adelaide Oourt on tha 11th inat. A dispute had occurred botwuon tha p-oprletora of Bouquet Mid Co.'s iuo nagerlc and Ihelr employ cb, and a lawault was begun. Thero wotan Idea that ona of ilia do fendanla Intended to loavo tho colony, and a process waa laailodi A. illfllaulty, hnwovur, nn»a wlier Ilia [iroccM en mo to bu nerved, for tha lltlgiiut hud cnusod hlmsulf to ua locked up In a cage with flvo boars and a coupla of npos, Thu bailiff pnulenlly ikollucd tha In vitation of tha beitrktiepur to cntur tho oigo and arrest him, anl tbu process waa, conse quently, laslnuated through the bars. Tha miller ended In tha Gommltilonar ordering the defunilants to (In I mitotlts of A 100 to answer tho action pondingagiliibt them. QUEKK VlOTOBU ' ON THE STAOH,'— Qiiiiuii Vlototla is iho liorlonoof a rnmintlo dmu.a running of lilo with success tu more than uuh Hltmmo threntru, Thu outlino of tha plot U that tho Queen U about to ho mar ried to the) KlngofUiHtn, when that monarch break* off tha match, anil tho Queen Invade* the country, only to ba repulsed with grunt loss. Tho Duke of Cambridge dots hla bust to turn the fortune! of tho day by valiantly wielding a battle-axe against three Siamese falrki : but the Ki|-H*h are getting tho worst of It, wben the King of Slim graci ously relents, and bestows hla hand on Queen Victoria, who Is represented »« being madly in lovo with him from the ilrat I Kehobbne Application.— A new way to Una kerusene as an iusoctlclile has been dis covered by Profeunr Smith, of tho Nuw Jerief Experimental blatlon. Ha uses the kerosene In * pure state for tho destruction ot acalo Inseots on the trunks and in tho larger branches of the trnoi. Tha konnonn is applied to the bark by means of a brush or spray pomp, and It la allowed to-renmln them tor 8 or 10 minutes. Then It Is Ignited at the biltom of the troa. Tho keroaono burns rapidly oft without injuring, tha tree, and It effectually removes all undesirable growths, auoh as acalea and lichens. Of course, this should enly be attempted during the winter season, when growth teases to bo active. The bark will then stand a good deal qf rough treatment without Injury. Tho oporalor roust not allow tho kerosene to remain on long enough to allow of its penetrating to the Inner bark, otberwlao damage might result from the Ig nition, The 'Southern Cultivator' re marks i— This new uso for kerosene is sim ple, and la said to bo exceedingly elFuotlvo Tha wonder Is, why did we not think of It before. Fbaoticuii Women.— There Is ' a now settlement of the Sisters of St. Dominie near King William's Town, whore (as a writer in the ' Dally Chronicle ' puts it) Ihoso good nuns quickly prove their equality with man. It U a large farm, having two Industrial In stitutions upon it— one tor boys and tho othuT tor elrls— which are not only controlled , but actually worked, by tho sisters and their pupila, The nuns do their own sawing, ploughing, reaping, and hoeing on the farm. They have built moat of their nwn hottsesand do all the carpentry work, 'fhoro Is a forgo where lady blacksmiths in Dominican dress maka the bellows blow and Iho sparks fly as deftly as their brothers elsewhere, as they supply all the Ironwork wanted In tho settle ment. But It must not bo supposed that tho sisters have altogether discarded womanly arts and avocations. In ona largo room might be aeon nuna— such a- tho world has always known them — seated In ullonco around frames nf embroidery, or with familiar c'lcs of ' stuff ' In front of them, busily plying the ncedlu and thread. What's in x Name.— I'otnislumorlho- dlnltri jreBdnto la tho narno of a new antl aeptlo discovered in Germany, but as It la Intended to bo used generally It Is Mm called antlnounlu. One part ot the substance In ' from 1,500 to 2,000 parts of soapsuds is des tructive to nil the common piraaitca injurious to plants. Yoaot naed In brewing remains fresh for a long time when treated with il ; it destroys baotorla, and yeast can endure a solution ns strong us 5 per cent, ot the sub b. nco, It Is odorless and very cheap. ?? Boibntivio SunrEiT.— A protest li put in against what lu calls 'this frightful -clontlfla autfolt wo nro having ' by a rhymer who asks, ?- If things are as bad aa tho modern doctors Bay , then bow on earth did our forefathers manngo to llvo at all ? ' Then ho breaks out thus i— Thero la horror loo prollllo In tin jargon . (clentirto whloh disturbs tho mood pacific , Ot tun ordinary man In these awful tales that thrill us of a buga boo bacillus that Is hiding near to kill us It by any ohnnco it can, Mot a single ahanca it misses, It Is lurking in our blisses, It is even In tha kisses That delight a leap year dream. In tho air aro mlorobea flouting, In tho water they nro gloating, (Ion dish vigilance devoting To their weird malicious schema. . Oh, yo philosophic sair.es, wo wero happy all theao ages, while theso animals out rageous, DnsuBpeoteil, flourished hern [ And although ju*t;for tho present, wo with stand tnolr siege IncesBant, we run other risks unpleasant, For we'ro almost dead with fear. a I Mini's Dht Oik.— Eminont physicians reeommoad It, 