THE GOVERNMENT’S POLICY. Speaking at Warrnambool on Thursday evening last, Mr. Foster announced that the Government intended to stand or fall by its State bank proposal at the next election. The Minister of Mines, no doubt, spoke with authority, and we are justified in accepting this latest declaration as a partial indication of the programme upon which the Turner Government intends to go to the country. Mr. Foster supplemented this announcement by stating that the policy of the Government was “development and peace,” though how far the proposal to establish a State bank accords with the desire for development and peace, he did not undertake to say. There is one thing to be borne in mind, although the Government can withdraw whatever is distasteful to Parliament, there can be no backing down when once its programme has been submitted to the electors. To use Mr. Foster’s words, the Government must stand or fall by the programme it places before the country. The issues before the elec- tors are likely to be somewhat confusing. The State bank will only be one plank in the platform. One-man-one- vote will be another, and women’s franchise will be a third, and as the abolition of the ratepayers’ roll was sacrificed against the Premier’s will, possibly it may be another plank. The electors will have some difficulty in deciding whether the policy of development and peace presented in this programme is worthy of support. The advocates of women’s franchise are not likely to relish the idea of having their principle linked with the State bank. The franchise question is somewhat complicated by itself, seeing that “one adult one vote” combines two vital principles, upon which there is great difference of opinion. It has been understood all along that the abolition of plural voting and women’s franchise questions would be submitted to the country at the next election, because it is a fore- gone conclusion that the Upper House will reject both proposals. The advocates of each principle seemed reconciled to the necessity of submitting them in conjunction with each other for the countrys’ approval. But it is hardly likely that they anticipated the proposal for a State bank was also to be part of the Government policy. It is as well that the country should be thus early acquainted with the Government’s inten- tion, in order that the electors may be made thoroughly aware of the grave dangers which invariably attend the establishment of institutions of this description. In this instance to be forewarned is to be fore- armed. Our Cables.—Last night Reuter advised us that telegraphic communication with England had been interrupted since 9 p.m. on Saturday. This will explain the reason of our meagre supply of cablegrams in this morning’s issue. Gold, Calls and Dividends.—The gold yields on Saturday exceeded 4,500oz. The New Chum Railway headed the list with a handsome yield of 631oz., and the other princi- pal returns were—New Moon, 348oz.; United Hustler’s and Redan, 344oz.; Koch’s Pioneer, 335oz.; St. Mungo, 234oz.; and Windmill Hill, 219oz. There were six dividends— United Hustler’s and Redan, 6d; New Moon, 6d; New Chum Railway, 1s ; Young Chum, 6d ; Koch’s Pioneer, 6d; and Parks’ No. 2 South, £7 ; the total being £5,562 10s. The Bathurst Federation Conference.— On Thursday evening Dr. Quick, the Bendigo representative of the Federation League, and Mr. J. H. Curnow, secretary of the local branch of the A.N.A., left by train for Bathurst, New South Wales, to attend the federation confer- ence there to-day. Recovering.—Mr. Richard Grenfell, manager of Koch’s Pioneer mine, is now on a fair way to recovery from his recent accident. Ladies on Boards of Advice.— Mr. A. S. Bailes, returning officer for the local Board of Advice, has received letters from several ladies who desire to act as members of the board. Mr. Bailes will forward the communications to the Minister of Education, with a recommendation that the new board be composed of an equal number of male and female members. The Shamrock Hotel.—It has been known for some time that Messrs. Alfred Joseph and Co., proprietors of the Shamrock hotel pro- perty, intended pulling down the old-established land mark and erecting in its place a building which will be one of the finest in the colony. The first step has been taken. In our advertis- ing columns tenders are called for the purchase and pulling down of the present building. Par- ticulars can be obtained from Mr. M. Levy at the Shamrock hotel. It is expected that the new building, which will be five stories high, will be started early next year. The Weather.—The oppressive warmth of Friday gave place at an early hour on Saturday morning to very much cooler temperature. Yes- terday the weather was most enjoyable. The want of rain is much felt throughout the dis- trict, and in addition to want of moisture for crops and grass, creeks and dams are quickly drying up. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, jeweller, on Saturday were:—Thermometer, 9 a.m., 64°; 12, 68°; 3 p.m., 67°; 6 p.m., 62°; maximum, 71°; minimum, 54°. Barometer, 9 a.m., 29.60°; 3 p.m., 29.50°; 6 p.m., 29.54°. The readings yesterday were—Thermometer, 9 a.m., 62°; 12, 76°; 6 p.m., 78°; maximum, 85° ; minimum, 47°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.59°; 6 p.m., 29.20. Fire.—Between 10 and 11 a.m. yesterday a fire occurred at a detached weatherboard build- ing at the rear of Mr. J. Bisset’s residence in Shamrock- street, Golden-square, which was utilised as a servant’s bedroom and lumber room by that gentleman. How the fire origi- nated is not known, as the servant states that when she was in her room a short time before the outbreak everything appeared to be safe, and she did not notice any sign of fire about the premises. The occurrence was first noticed by one of Mr. Bisset’s sons, who gave the alarm, and broke open the door, but was unable to save anything. By means of a garden hose the flames were kept under to a certain extent, and on the arrival of the Golden- square Fire Bri- gade the fire was soon extinguished, but not before the place was completely gutted. The furniture was insured in the Phoenix office, and the building was also insured, but the name of the company could not be obtained yesterday. The Result of a Fall.—David Gardner, aged 26 years, who resides at Happy Valley, was walking along the footpath near the Gar- den Gully mine on Saturday about 8 p.m. when he slipped on a pebble and fell, breaking both bones of his right leg below the knee. The injured limb was set at the hospital. Interesting to Fruitgrowers.—The monthly meeting of the Vine and Fruitgrowers’ Association, which should have been held on Saturday, lapsed for want of a quorum, there being only Messrs. Greiffenhagen, Keck and Kahland (hon. secretary) present ; Messrs. Craike and Pieper were also in attendance, but they had to leave in order to attend another meeting. The secretary stated that he had re- ceived from the Department of Agriculture Nos. 27 and 28 of the “Guide to Fruitgrowers,” deal- ing with insect pests and fungi, with remedies for their suppression. The president suggested that application should be made to the depart- ment for a number of copies for distribution amongst the members. Mr. Keck remarked that the suggestion which appeared in the Ad- vertiser recently, that copies should be sold at a low price, which would go towards paying the cost of printing, was a very good one. The pre- sident : But we can get them for nothing if we only apply for them. Mr. Keck considered that it would be much better if the publications were obtainable at any booksellers for a penny or twopence each. The secretary was instructed to apply to the department for copies. Death of a Young Bendigonian.—The friends of Mr. A. F. Walker, Government mining surveyor, will learn with regret of the death of his second son, Ramsay Henry Walker, aged 20. The sad event occurred on Friday last at Hawksburn, near Melbourne, whither he had gone in search of health. Deceased, who was a young man of promise, was learning the coach- building trade at the Sandhurst Rolling Stock Works, and made the body of the buggy for which the apprentices of that establishment re- ceived a medal in the Juvenile Exhibition. The remains will be brought to Bendigo to-day, and the funeral will leave the railway station at 4.30 p.m. The Horticultural Society’s Accounts.— The following letter in connection with this matter was received from Mr. W. P. Sinclair, late hon. sec. of the society, at a meeting on Saturday :—“I am somewhat surprised at the report in the local papers of the meeting of your society last Saturday. This, I consider, as also do my advisers, a gross slight upon my character. I may unfortunately at the present be pretty low down in the commercial scale, but that does not warrant the grave libel com- mitted by certain members of your committee last Saturday. I must therefore demand that in the first place you have the books audited at once, and secondly that due apology be made through the public press. I will proceed further to ask why Mr. Allan has taken upon himself the position of financial investigator of the society’s affairs, no such appointment having been made, seeing that you have a finance committee appointed each year to attend to this matter, he niot being a member of same, and, furthermore, should think that even the finance committee have no right to make comments until such time as the accounts have been properly audited. I am quite prepared to meet the auditors any time they may deem fit at my present place of business in View-street. I told Mr. Allan, as he remarked at the meeting, that it was be- yond his ken to understand the accounts, and I regret to have to repeat the same remark. I consider it very impolitic for anyone to make a statement as was made at your meeting before making oneself thoroughly conversant with the true state of affairs, which could have been well left until the auditors had done their work. I, for my part, regret the valuable time I have wasted for the good of the society, and also ex- pended in keeping the books in a too systematic manner, evidently much to my detriment and the receipt of such gross thanklessness on the part of some members of committee. Kindly see that all vouchers, books, etc., are sent to View-street to-day.” Magisterial Inquiry.—Mr. W. Webb, J.P., yesterday held an inquiry at the hospital con- cerning the death of a Norwegian named Sven Thorold Hoelostead, who died in the institution on the previous day. Deceased, who was a single man 45 years of age, and lived alone in Myers-street, was formerly a night watchman at the Rolling Stock Works, but latterly had been engaged in wire rope splicing at various mines. Prior to Friday last he had been complaining of illness, and was visited several times by a young man named John Trebilcock. About 5.30 on Friday Trebilcock found him sitting on his stretcher in a dazed condition and sent for Dr. Norris, who advised Hoelostead’s removal to the hospital. Trebilcock got a cab and took him there, and he died on Saturday afternoon. A post mortem examination by Dr. Long revealed the fact that the cause of death was poisoning of the blood, following on a diseased condition of the kidneys, and a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was recorded. Deceased came to the colony from San Francisco. Mail Contracts.—The Postal department has accepted the tender of Francis G. Cox, at the rate of £68 per annum, for the conveyance of mails to and from Elmore and Rushworth via Runnymede, Colbinabbin and Wanalta three days a week each way from 1st November, 1896, to 30th June, 1899, at the rate of £68 per annum. Encouraging to the Viticultural Industry.— —The following communication has been re- ceived by Mr. Kahland, secretary of the Ben- digo Vine and Fruitgrowers’ Association, from Mr. Buckley, secretary of the Rutherglen Association:—“I am instructed by my association to ask your earnest consideration and support for the follow- ing motion, passed unanimously at our last meeting:—That, having regard to the persis- tent and aggressive policy of the prohibitist party, and the unscrupulous and dishonest re- presentations made by certain of its members previous to and during the recent debates in the Assembly on the proposed wine bonuses, this association is of opinion that encouragement to the wine industry should be made a test ques- tion at the next general election, and that no candidate should receive the support of the vinegrowers unless his pledges on the subject are satisfactory and sound. That the Minister of Agriculture be asked to consider the pro- posal by Mr. Jerome Dyer to the Agent-General for the Government to guarantee three per cent. on capital invested in Victorian wine export trade, and that this association considers such assistance is the most logical and practical, and in its opinion such trade, with the sub- stantial sum of £250,000 it is proposed to be invested in it, would be most unlikely to require the Government to pay anything in regard to the 3 per cent. stipulation. Three per cent. is most certain to be earned.” The letter will be considered at a special meeting of the associa- tion. Temperance Meeting.—The open-air Tem- perance meeting advertised for Saturday, 7th instant, was unavoidably postponed on that date, but was held last Saturday evening instead. The place of meeting was near the Public Buildings, and the speakers were Rev. R. Dit- terich, of Long Gully, and Mr. Evans, of Golden-square. These gentlemen held the at- tention of the audience throughout the meeting, and were materially assisted by the orchestra of the Specimen Hill Wesleyan Church. It is in- tended by the Bendigo United Temperance Council, under whose auspices this preliminary meeting was held, to continue this Saturday evening work throughout the summer months as frequently as can be arranged. Enginedrivers’ Association.—The weekly meeting of the' Bendigo branch was held on Saturday night at the Trades Hall; the vice- president, Mr. Nicholls, in the chair. Six new members were elected. The general secretary (Mr. Forester) wrote stating that the executive would take into consideration the branch’s sug- gestion that provision should be made in the Mines Bill for the representation at inquests in which they were involved, of members of the association. Accident pay amounting to £2 was passed for payment, and the meeting closed. City Police Court.—Messrs. A. Bayne, M. Rundell, D. B. Lazarus, M.P., and J. Illing- worth, Js.P., presided on Saturday. A drunkard was fined five shillings, with the usual alternative. William Simmonds, charged with obscene language, pleaded that he was drunk at the time. Constable J. J. Kelly proved the offence, and a fine of 60s, or 14 days’ imprison- ment, was imposed. Several debt cases were dealt with, and the court adjourned. Bush Fires.—On Thursday last a fire broke out in the bush at Strathfieldsaye, near Pieper’s Hill, on the north side of the Strathfieldsaye road, and caused considerable damage to the properties of Messrs. Webb, Nolan and Pickles, the last mentioned losing a good deal of fencing. On the same day a fire occurred at Emu Creek consequent upon one of the residents burning off some rubbish, but through the watchfulness of the neighbors the flames were kept within bounds. School Teachers.—Vacancies for head teachers and assistants are announced by the Education department as existing at the following schools :—Head teachers—917-1,703, Upper Buckland and Miner’s Right; 1,035 1,354, Dartmoor and Dairy; 1,036-2,940, Run- ning Creek and Woadaja ; 1,223-1,237, Burdeet and Boram Boram ; 1,293-2,050, Lismore and Derrinallum ; 1,310-2,830, Swanpool and Sa- maria West; 1,496-1,518, Eildon and Upper Thornton ; 1,744-2,867, Marma and Warranook West ; 1,777-1,871, Chetwynd Junction and Tallangower; 1,785-2,038, Nulla Nulla and Baynton East; 1,843-2,430, Norton’s Creek and Lower Norton’s Creek; 2,208-2,272, Big Hill and Goldie North ; 2,239-2,883, Strathdownie West and Werrikoo; 2,386-2,683, Cooroopajerrup and Moffat; 2,439-3,004, Morwell Bridge and Jeeralang road ; 2,525-2,963, Brim Spring and Wartook ; 2,607-2,944, Loy Yang and Flynn’s Creek R.S. ; 2,616-3,060, Murrabit West and North; 2,653-3,254, Glenaulin and Lyons; 2,816-2,984, Carchap and Lowan South ; 2,925-3,162, Berry’s Creek and Allam- bee East; 2,945-3,012, Mirboo South and Mirboo ; 3,120-3,205, Bael Bael East and Sand Hill Lake ; 3,261-3,262, Perseverance and Star of Hope ; 1,283, Ferriby Creek; 2,146, Thalia ; 2,749, Lah ; 3,026, Koonik Koonik; 3,266, Curyo. First female assistant, 4th class—208, Echuca; 397, Mortlake. Female assistant, 8th class—112, Carlton ; 522, Rutherglen ; 824, Gowerville, Preston ; 1,167, Sebastopol; 1,852, South Melbourne; 1,916, White Hills; 1,924, Drouin. Male assistant, 8th class—2,608, Ascot Vale. Memorial Service.—At St. Matthew’s Church of England, Long Gully, yesterday morning, the Rev. Mr. Jones preached a ser- mon in memoriam of the late Mr. R. R. Richards. In the course of an impressive dis- course the rev. gentleman referred to the great service the deceased gentleman had rendered, both as a member of the congregation and an energetic and faithful superintendent of the Sabbath school for many years. He had gone to reap his reward in heaven, after having led a true Christian life, the best part of which was devoted to the service of the Lord. There was a large congregation. Sunday School Anniversary.—The 44th anniversary of the Golden-square Wesleyan Sabbath School was celebrated yesterday by three special services in the church. The Rev. R. Ditterich conducted the morning service, which was well attended. The church was crowded in the afternoon, when the Rev. A. B. Rofe preached a most instructive sermon to the young on the necessity of keeping their bodies pure and undefiled of sin, a fitting temple for the Holy Ghost. Everything that came into the mind, whether it was good or evil, left its impress on the character, and thoughts which we may have tried to forget for years would return to trouble us when least expected. To keep our bodies pure and holy we must con- fess our sins towards God, who would cleanse us from all unrighteousness and be kept and purified by Him who loves us and gave His life for us. In the evening the Rev. J. Nicholson preached to a large congregation on the subject of godliness, pointing out that all our interests were best served by living a godly life. Godli- ness tended to prolong our lives, to increase our prosperity by encouraging habits of thrift, economy and frugality, while it invoked a blessing from God on all our works. The death of a godly man was precious in the sight of God, and angels were waiting to waft his soul to the realms of the blest. At each service the Sunday school children, under the conductorship of Mr. J. H. Crump, sang a num- ber of selected hymns very creditably. The Golden-square string band lent valuable assist- ance in playing the various accompaniments. The usual tea and public meeting will be held on Wednesday evening, when the school prizes will be distributed. “Gazette” Notices.—The following notifi- cations appeared in Friday’s Government Gazette. —Applications for licenses approved—T. J. M‘Conachy, Patho ; G. Heavyside, Bagshot; J. May, Borung ; Murray River Sawmill Co., Barmah State Forest; G. H. Reed, Murrabit ; J. J. Gilham, Kerang; A. Filipponi, Moira ; J. M‘Lean, junr., Gannawarra; T. Burton, Kunat Kunat; J. Price, junr., Maloga ; T. O’Keefe, Eddington; R. Allen, Narrewillock. Licenses and leases revoked or declared void— G. Lillis, Wellsford State Forest; I. M. John- ston, Echuca North ; D. F. Metalmann, Tarna- gulla. Applications for grants approved—W. Durward, Sandhurst; L. Dowd, Crosbie. Per- mits under sections 5 and 20 revoked—Y. O. Jenson, J. E. Johnson, E. Leckstrom, Kama- rooka; P. Ryan, J. White, J. Kennedy, Eger- ton. License under section 123 approved—L. Taffe, Tyntynder North. License under section 99 approved—J. Osborne, Yelta. A Critic Who is Not “Up to Date.”—It is occasionally a good thing to be dead (writes “Oriel” in the Argus), because it preserves one from the painful necessity of reading the news- paper comments. But if ever a resurrection were to take place in this degenerate and un- miraculous age we imagine that it would be caused by the following paragraph, which we clip from the literary column of a journal pub- lished at Port Elizabeth, South Africa :— “ ‘Heavy Odds’ is the title of a new novel by Marcus Clarke, author of that old favorite, ‘For the Term of his Natural Life.’ This writer has not lately been keeping himself prominently be- fore the public, and in these days, when new claimants to popular favor are continually ap- pearing, an author is apt to be quickly forgotten. It is, however, not improbable that Mr. Clarke has taken a considerable time in the preparation of this story, for it bears all the marks of careful, patient elaboration, the plot steadily progressing from point to point, and not being given in that slap-dash ‘impressionist’ style which is now too much in vogue.” The writer of the paragraph can certainly urge that he has made no mistake in his facts. It is perfectly true that Marcus Clarke has not lately been “keeping himself prominently before the public.” In fact, since his funeral, some 18 years ago, we do not re- member that he has produced any work of con- sequence. Still the surmise that “it is not im- probable that Mr. Clarke has taken a consider- able time in the preparation of this story” argues genius. There is something essentially pathetic in the idea of the literary man, even in his grave, working out the beginnings of a new plot. We understand now how it is that nobody ever heard of a journalistic ghost. They are all busy thinking out stories to tell at the resurrection. At the Lockup.—During Saturday night James Taylor, a young man, was lodged in the lockup by Constable J. J. Kelly for insulting behavior. A. Barsden, a foreigner, was taken into custody by Constable Britt for a similar offence, and also for using obscene language. Primitive Methodist Church, Buckley- street.—The anniversary of this church was celebrated yesterday, when three services were held. In the morning Mr. Ferber, junr., offi- ciated. The afternoon service was conducted by the Rev. J. T. Kearns. Mrs. Bettis preached in the evening, in the absence of Miss Kearns, who was suffering from an affection of the throat. There were large congregations. Mr. Thos. Tregear led the singing, the choir being materially aided by Messrs. Ditchburn, senior and junior (instrumentalists), and Miss Kemp and Master Alf. Tregear (organists). A Girl’s Sensational Suicide.—The Sydney correspondent of the Age reports that Miss Florence Howell, daughter of Mr. W. B. Howell, of Bathurst, committed suicide on Fri- day afternoon. She placed the muzzle of a gun against her heart, and pulled the trigger with a walking stick. Her heart was completely torn out by the shot. No reason is assigned for the act. The Railway Commissioner at Chiltern. —That it is impossible to please everybody is a lesson which Mr. Mathieson, the Railway Com- missioner, has doubtless learnt long before this. Popular as the genial Scot is with the majority of Victorians who have been brought into con- tact with him, Mr. Mathieson has succeeded in direly offending a pressman in far-away Chil- tern. It is scarcely necessary to say that the Commissioner is a busy man, with whom time is an object, and when he was interviewed by some of the local magnates of the town in ques- tion on matters of water supply he appears to have shown a desire to get at the bottom of things with express speed. Noticing a press- man taking notes of the local utterances, Mr. Mathieson’s stock of patience ran out, and he curtly, but emphatically, objected to that part of the business. A brief wordy en- counter followed, in which the scribe informed the Commissioner that he was as good a man as Mathieson of that ilk. Considering the size and general burliness of the Commissioner, that was a statement that required corroborative evidence, if intended in its physical sense. The local leaders, too, who had improvised a foun- tain of eloquence for the Commissioner’s benefit, strongly objected to being cut short. “What do you really want, gentlemen?” said Mr. Mathieson. “Pure water,” was the laconic re- sponse, and then Mr. Mathieson, with a touch of possibly unconscious humor, asked if they wanted anything else, smiled sadly, brushed away a tear, shook the dust of Chiltern off his feet, and stepped into his special train. The local correspondent of the Herald says that there is much local indignation. Furniture Sale.—At their rooms to-day at 11 o’clock Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will sell by public auction, under instructions from Mr. A. Lapham the whole of his household fur- niture and effects, piano, etc., which have been removed to the rooms for convenience of sale. BEEBE and MAYNE, monumental sculptors and general stonemasons, Mitchell-street (tram terminus), beg to inform the general public they supply monuments, etc., of the newest and best designs. All workmanship guaranteed the best.— [ADVT.] Finn’s Magic Ointment, the great healing remedy. For sore eyes and sandy blight un- equalled. Finn’s Liver Pills without a rival. Ask for them.—[ADVT.] THE BENDIGO HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY’S SPRING SHOW WILL be held in the TOWN HALL, WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY, 18th and 19th November. Entries close Monday, 16th November, 6 o’clock p.m. A. J. MAHER, Secretary. [ADVT.] Hargreaves-street. The 31st annual meeting of members of the Ben- digo Mutual Permanent Land and Building So- ciety will be held at the Metropolitan hotel on Friday, 27th instant, at 7.30 p.m. The annual sale of gifts in aid of the building fund of the Congregational Church will be opened on Wednesday, at 3 p.m. A promenade concert will take place in the evening. 