Prominent Topics THE CATHOLIC CONGRESS. In one . sense the attitude of the .world to the Catholic Church remains ever. and unchangeable.. Its opposition survives all changes, but its methods vary with the progress of time. In all respects they are not in the 19th century what they were in the 16th and 17th. Heresy and undisguised persecution mainly constituted the opposition the Church of Christ encountered after the unity of Christendom had been broken up by Luther and his followers. At a later date secret societies became the instruments of Satan, and godless education, class hatreds, and dangerous discontent among the poor are the results of their activity. And to the snares so laid for ordinary or common people pseudo philosophers and scientists, who rejected the light divine, and blindly groped their own way, added another danger. To all these varying conditions of warfare the Church militant readily adapts her defences. "The Church Congress admirably fulfils that purpose in the present day. The Church Congress deals with all the public questions which concern religion and morals or threaten the foundations of society, and, taking as its guide and model the counsels of the Holy Father, its resolutions are stamped with wisdom, and are of a practical character. By taking up social questions, and treating them in the light thrown upon them by the Father of Christendom, the Catholic Congress has done much to calm the unrest of the toilers, and to improve their lot. The best service, however, which the Congress has in many instances rendered consists in the advice it has given as to how the evils peculiar to the present time may be best combated. In the proceedings of a congress lately held at Dortmund, in Germany, we find an exemplification of that fact. The most burning questions of the day were brought up for consideration, and first among these came the Press, as a great lever for good, or evil. The Congress dwelt upon the duty Catholics hare to support their Press by subscription and advertisements, and, warned them not to give their patronage to colourless and irreligious papers, neither by subscribing to them nor by inserting in them ; it deprecated the keeping of hooks and periodicals which imperil faith and morals, and declared' it a matter of conscience not to giant such poisoned publications access to the Catholic home. It urged upon the •editors of Catholic papers to be vigorous in the defence of religion, and upon the members of general reading rooms" to insist, that Catholic, literature should not "be excluded. In that duty there are Victorians—and not a few—who are rather remiss. They include people who. "cannot afford" .threepence a Week for a Catholic journal, but can spare ..several. threepences weekly on articles which, beyond affording a pass- ing gratification, do them no good. Another class of people for whom the recommendation of the Dortmund Congress regarding the Catholic Press is intended are they who thoroughly understand that advertisements are essential to thesuppbrtof secular journals, but seem to entertain the idea that the Catholic Press should be able to exist and flourish without them. We wish it, were' So,' but our experience is that those .connected with the Catholic Press liaveat lea^t as many wants to be supplied as people occupying a much more exalted sphere in the service of religion. It is one good consequence of the Pan- BVS1NG B«FFES OB FEA&S.; , .IrishCoaventicmthat eanee it was held .the Parnellites have, on severalflccasions, profesBed a desire lor * reunion of the National forces, And a'^iUingneas jto discuss the terms on whw2i it could lie effected.- This arises either from their hopesor their, Iqjmj, and in dither-etae it is I evidence tniWt the ltfbdur«| of the Convention are not ftaitf ess. If John. Redmond *ndi his cblleaguee are actuated by patriotic motives,' their change of front may be credited to the Convention if tiioved by fear of consequences fehould they persist in disregarding the call for unity, that, alao, should be ascribed to tbeConvention. What it accomplished is not to be plainly seen in anything that immediately followed. It did : not > ipse all padies .into solid body is it might have done if; it realised the most'sanguine hopes entertained of iv, and failing to do that all that can be expected is that its resolutions will exercise a powerful influence on the Irish people at the next general election, or at single elections should the opportUnityoffer. We should prefer to believe that Atr. John Redmond's professions in favour of a reunion are ingenuous and thoroughly honest, but we confess to a doubt on the Subject, and not, as we believe, without good cause. Not, he says, till the Liberal party has been shaken off, and all sections of Nationalists disclaim any connection with it and declare for absolute independence of action, can there be any fusion of parties. But this is ghost raising on his part. There is no alliance between the National party and the Liberals. Any understanding that ever existed between them long since came to an end, and it was never at any time of a character prejudicial to Irish interests. That it had an opposite effect events abundantly proved. Whatever the nature of it may have been, we have Mr. Dillon's assurance that he and his colleagues are in no way bound to the Liberal party, that they have no alliance with any English party, and are perfectly independent of all parties in the House of Commons. There was nothing equivocal in the Irish leader's declaration to that effect—nothing whatever to justify doubt or distrust, And, consequently, nothing to even so much as excuse Mr. Redmond's insinuation; and hence it is that we distrust his professions in favour of unity. A first essential to accomplishing it is the avoidance of groundless aspersions on the party in whom a vast majority oE the Irish race repose confidence, and a manifestation of a conciliatory disposition is no less necessary. In both these conditions Mr. Redmond conspicuously fails, and that. being the case, we cannot avoid doubting the honesty of his motives. His professions might deceive us did he refrain from dispwagf from whom no professi$)^'j$>j__^ are needed, but tiiey/6£^ot Jo so w! discredited, as they p$v/& be^fttafety less accusations. \ A • -r j! ' A CHRISTIAN tionai Arbitration and EKDEAVOTJR. Peace Association in England, and things ave been going well with it since that great Irishman, the Lord Chief Justice of England, made his famous speech to the Bar Association at Sarratoga. Recruits have been criming in freely since that event, and several branches f this peace fiociety have been opened in other parts of the TJnited Kingdom., And, what is more to the point, people, do not ridicule its purpose as they did i the Society of Friends' objections to war,, A branch of the associationhos been formed in Melbourne, and we are glad; of it, as the object in view is eminently' Christian and humanitarian; :: Our pleasure in the case is not, however, derived from an idea that these peace societies are at alllikelyto'bring about the disbandment or red^ciiiQn:^ big armies and an era pt jwbr^n!tpeace. A Christian fails in its/purpose^caanot be compared o. a waste *>f -st«am power. -3 Por ! the expenditure in the latter case there Is nothing to show;: and f^ong %ith* that there is a loss to. reckon.; Xt^l3iffe|eni in the other case; the, effojrt,,though a failure, .has an improving effect on those br whom it has been.made. If ,a big ' scheme involving little '-personal labour .o)r' e^pen jg^ve''any, ; ^ ^ie^ ^ ^ ^ d : |noii§y ^'^flSatt^d, jjnch is might eseape public jiotice., fi We sowety Sonm r Jio &nt;»r- course with' the inhabitants of Mars with the ulterior; object of Christianising them. ( The pursuit of a good object would have a beneficial effect on its members,'and that is what we expect in the cas'e under notice. The committee of the parent socij|j^^ias acknowledged that it recognises rthe force of the question frankly raised' by Lord Russell as to " whether our Christian civilisation is without reproach", in its dealings. with weaker nations and uncivilised races. When tired of doing all in its power to promote the main object of its existence, by passing resolutions in favour of arbitration, the Melbourne society might seek a little relaxation by pursuing an inquiry into the matter suggested by Lord Russell's suggestion. As a comprehensive inquiry might be too much for the members to follow up in a lifetime, they might narrow the investigation to Great Britain's dealings with weaker nations and uncivilised races. A study of the subject, even within that limitation, would not be barren of interesting and even startling results, and if an honest report followed it would most likely serve a useful purpose in awaking the Christian conscience to the wrongs committed for the aggrandisement of a nation or the extension of its dominions. A REMEDY FOB CLERICAL POVEBTV. With the attack recently made on the celibate state in the Catholic Church still fresh in mind, it surprised us not a little to find an organ of the Church of England recommending celibacy to some of the ministers of that communion. Strange as it may seem in a community so wealthy, the complaint of scanty incomes is as rife among parsons in England as it is in Australia. Though the Established Church holds all the Catholic endowments, its members cannot be induced to contribute sufficient supplementary funds for the decent support of its ministers. The large incomes secured to several sees and attached to many livings would, if distributed, provide fairly for all the workers, but that is a remedy which the beneficiaires could not be induced to accept, and it is an inequality which discourages the membersgenerally from making generous offerings. How to get over the difficulty bas long been a puzzling question, bitt the "Church Review," an Anglican. logW of high repute, has hit upon a 'sttttling remedy for it. This is nothing than celibacy for parsons without Influence, and with little hope of preferment. If, that journal says, this were encouraged by the bishops the relief would be felt in a dozen years or less. And this Anglican organ is further of opinion that in many cases the value of ministerswould be manifoldly increased'ifith'eywere not weighed down by the cares * of married life,. With that .fact Catholics have long been acquainted.; . There is, however, a very great difference between the grounds on whichthe practice rests in their Church and those on which it is recommended, by the Ritualist organ; The motive is chiefly spiritual in the one case 5 that on which it iscounselled in the other is almost wholly worldly. It ia a matter of discipline in th^ Catholic Church; it would,be one of convenience if adopted, as, advised, in the Anglican ministry. And in the latter case it would be "confined'to s " priests " who have no private means or expectations. On the ,princ]p]e; j^ub.^' is -considered improvident i on ihe ifiar&of; the~pot>r clerk who-works with hifl' pBn to many, 1 the poor clerk in h3y;i>rc(^r^ is asked to! practise the-same seltdeiiiai But the' ministers .with f^t^nqK>jnes^re .iiot to be discouraged from 'sharing'. their good^ fortune with panels'for. ' life, for/ according to the plan ot 'the ." Church Review," the coun^jparishe^, and the* cathedral- dignitiesrrrtheibest of the good] things—would be ii^t «for tbe blergy] with families. Here, in • Victoria, 1 motion are. it ijB aKidj^fetfping promisin] young men out of-tiie-Aji. m y m i l i i q W prospects the office presents. If to clerical' poverty were' added clerical celibacy the vocation would, we think, come in very few cases, and be followed in fewer -still. A call in that case would hardly be in harmony with the genius of Protestantism. The Radicals in the ATTEMPTED French Chamber, of Deputies have made REPUDIATION. a renewed attempt to have- the Concordat annulled, and were defeated in this instance by only ninety votes. So we learn from the daily papers of Wednesday last. The opposition was not at all strong enough to be regarded as an assurance that this infamous attempt at repudiation will not at no distant date succeed. - Wanting particulars, we cannbt' say what part the Ministry played ijSHhe discussion, or how its members/ Voted, but from the large support the resolution got, it is to be inferred that the influence of the Government was not determinately used against it. That must have - been the case, or else its position ? cannot be as secure as' the well wishers of France could desire. The Ministry of M. de - Faure has not, we believe, any wish to subject the Church to any further disabilities and humiliations, and would prefer that some modus Vivendi could be arranged between it and the Republic; but that is a policy which no Ministry existing in France at the present day could carry out without meeting with constant obstruction such as it could not long withstand and retain its place. Just at present the law enforcing militaiy service on seminarists and clerics is being carried out with extreme rigour, an immediate consequence being a sad state of spiritual destitution in parishes from which priests have been drawn to serve the annual period of 28 days in barracks. The Ministiy could not prevent! thatj and we do not believe that M. de Faure would willingly be a party to a revocation of the Concordat unless it were accompanied by a settlement that would relieve the renunciation from the character of a robbery. The stipends the Concordat secures—or was supposed to secure —to the ministers of religion were never adequate compensation for the spoliation of Church property before the first Napoleon's time, and if the recent reduction of those stipends to a miserable pittance were followed by their abolition, then indeed would the French Republic have become the most unscrupulous persecutor of the Church of Christ in Europe. Between the Republic as the form of .government the French people prefer; and • the French Republic as its affairs are administered the Holy Father, in his usual generous and conciliatory spirit, draws a distinction, but if things do not improve that distinction will soon be lost in the minds of most people, and the second French Republic will be known as a Government which, jsince the persecutions consequent on Luther's fall, has been the, greatest foe of the Chureh of Christ. .The . Queensland As- DRAfiTio seinbly seems to have LEGISLATION, undertaken the suppression of gambling in a thoroughly earnest spirit. A bill to amend the Suppression of Gambling Act 1895'was introduced in that House on Tuesday last, and if it be carried as framied it will severely tax ingenuity, to discover loopholes £or its invasion; measure of the kind so drastic in its provisions Jias jheretofore been* passed in any AittBtraUan;cblony. The bill tisemeft or.iother^otioB relating |n, .print or publish jan advertisement (St otter notice=«B ; to : the wheMaboute 9f sell^o? jej^iife tirflnBmit or deliver thiiongh t h l ^ ^ ^ y 'newspaper^, ojr^tffat postal matter containing toy advertis^ ment or notice iu contravention of this or the principle of the Aft. Any per' eon offending against any provision of the Act will be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or a fine not exceeding £100, or to both fine and imprisonment. Here in Victoria papers that in one column condemn the gambling mania, and approve of efforts being made for its correction, in another column have a betting market report, and elsewhere, among the advertisements, are invitations in different forms to bet. The Queensland bill does not tolerate hollow pretensions of that character. Gambling is not to be discouraged and encouraged at the same time., People who profess to discourage the vice are not to be allowed to tempt others to fall into it, and we must, say that such honesty of purpose as that resolution indicates is highly creditable to the Queensland Assembly, for we assume that the bill will become law. In that case there are several Victorian papers agaigst which much the same law as that against small-pox will be enforced. To obtain an entry thoy will have to purify themselves—in one sense at least—and be able to show a clean bill of health satisfactory to the gnardians of Queensland morals. 