THE TURF. The efforts winch Mr. Bagofc and Mr. . '11tmKton are making to secure an attractive attornooii s eiitertaimnent at the sheepdo^ trials at Morphettvilie on .Saturday promise to be eminently successful. 11 has been arranged tn.it tee sheepdogs shall commence their work at 1...U p.m. At ;i (inn. there nill ho a p-.iaue of two-year-olds with jockeys up in coiors, and 110 doubt the youngsters will appre ciate the fact that on that day they become tw o-year-ojfjs from tile stage of t-eariings, and thus are entitled to enter the racing arena at certain united distances. Followingthe year lings will come a parade of horses ot all ages, tin various trainers having readily fallen m/ with the proposal, and it is quite possible, as would have been the ease last year, that the spec tutors may bo able to select from amongst them the winner of the coming .Melbourne Cup, if not the. F.R.C. Derby. Mr. E.worthv has consented to bring out two of the Mor phettviilc lords of the harem for review, namely Light Artillery and Mostyn. The latter has concluded his racing career, and will hence forth lie reserved for stud duties only, so that one will be pleased to get a good look at a horse who has distinguished himself as probably at the present moment the fastest horse, in Australia, as could he meet IIova to morrow with S st. 7 lb. eaeli 011 their backs the ehesnut would probabiy have the call in the betting. Light Artillery will make his first public appearance here 011 the occasion alluded to, as the son of Musket has never vet been shown in Adelaide. Tilt: older stallions will not be brought out of their seclusion, as it is a long. tune since Dang Lot-ward and Aeekorsgat were seen anywhere but in their paddocks or boxes 011 the Morphottville farm. At half-past 3 the 1 lunt Ciub will finish their run by taking two or three fences on the race course in full view of the spectators. Mean whde the trials of sheepdogs will go on. and wil probably take till o o'clock to be con cluded. As numbers of ladies were present last year, and many more are expected on the present occasion, afternoon tea will he pro vided,^ Mrs. J-'leckcr officiating as caterer. Special trains will run to and from the course and should the afternoon prove fine there will certainly be a large attendance of spectators. .Tack Tar, by Tiie Englishman—Creel, has gone into Quinn's charge at his Flympton stables. Inn youugsrer by Escutcheon— Diplomacy has bec-u taken out of work through growing too fast. 0 The weights for the A. E.G. (fraud National meeting were issued by Mr. Henry Hughes on .vuesday morning, and were published in tiie first edition of the AVepj-ow. It will be seen I t.iat tne post of honor as top weight has be-11 i assigned to Black Flag, both in°the HurdiJs ! and die bteeple; but after the recent fate of Dur.gan at mixing the hurdles with the hi" jumps it is hardly likely this horse will start for both events. The other Melbourne candi dates havo been allotted chief positions in the bteeple, but Banjo is called upon to concede a pound to Grand wing. Acceptances for these events will be due on Tuesday, August 4. llie A.I;.C. committee have accepted the services of Mr. Prestwic-k, who is Mr. S G Cook's manager at Sandi-ingham, to put'the Vld Course racing track into proper order, i. ins has been done 011 the suggestion of Mr Cook himself, and Mr. Frestwick lias arrived here and is superintending the work, which means a judicious application of sand and tan 111 the bad places, and scarifying, planting, and rolling, Ac. The first fruits of the work will be realised at the Autumn meeting, but it will be a month later before tiro work is completed. The steeplechase course £in no doubt also he attended to. Hie City Council have agreed to an entrance being made from Angus-street and East terrace to the members' carriage paddock, for members'. use oiiiv. The nominations of Aiessrs. H. W. \ arley and J. Lewis (old members), and Dr. J. A. G. Hamilton have been received as candidates for the committee, and the ballot v/ill be taken at the annual; meeting, which is to be held on Monday after noon next. 1 Our correspondent writes that omy nine dogs ■ having been entered for the Hoyleton eoursin" - it was decided to abandon the stake, but it is probable tnat a local stake will be run off in about a fortnight if hares are plentiful. O11 the Old Course on Tuesday mornin" bheppard was the iirst to make a start with A etherby, doing long steady work. Barter bowled along at three-quarter speed. Dick vV hittington did not go fast. Firelock, a J^ibngnithis stable, spurted over a couple Oi furlongs. Confidence performed long strong ?'?rk, ?,Yer ab°ut four miles. Wahine has jouied fclieppard s string. Carmelite and Con script ran along together for once round in ^ m.in* sec- Queen did good sound pacing over two miles. Juliet bowled alontr over her last two circuits and looks well. After breakfast All Fours was striding along at a good pace over a distance, coming home the last mile 111 1 ruin. 7.7 sec. Gaillardia got overtnree circuits, increasing the pace the last round, the mile talcing 1 min. 55-^ sec. The Loyalist and Dianfchus were coupled over once round, run in 2 min. 2y sec. Jack Sprat, look ing pretty well, performed good striding work. Angler went well over his last circuit in 1 min. oSw sec. Radiant, looking real well came home his last mile in 1 min. 574 sec' Cigarette only went steady work. Rc"coud ran along at three-quarter speed. Strike exerc|sed at a slow pace. Kingfish worked steadily. Barunga was responsible for medium pacing over a distance. Trout performed long work, increasing the pace the last six furlongs, coming home in 1 min. 274 sec. iiavelock, looking well, went over two circuits at about half-pace. Ivirkby bowled along for a mile in I min. 7.1J see., the last six furlongs in 1 mm. 24 sec. Molly worked steady over a circle. Regent, looking all the better for the w!P U" uo? r'1' ™*°ver six furlongs 111 1 min. r - ilonie Rule and Conveutioner were bracketed over a couple of turns at a "ood working gallop, the last round taking 2 mill. 10 see. F irst Master was answerable for six fur.ongs at a sound pace. Saracen, a hall brother to The Arab, was in company with another doing gentle exercise. Kase went alow lor six furlongs ataboutthree-'quarterpace En counter performed striding workoveradistauce coming home his last circuit in 2 min. G sec' Debiirg has reappeared on the track. Jackeroc perfonned useful work. Ileinlet could not "el any pace up the first part of the journey allotted hnu, but improved a little as he wenl ; 0:1. Mompa was not allowed his head ovei once round. Fund did not go fast, but lit looks very well. Sir George, ridden by T. Ii.an), was tried over the steeple schoolers: he was not very proficient at the game, thowh he got over them all right. Helena has only just got over the kick she received from Thunderer 111 the last race run on the Old Course. The Ghost and Eaglehawk did not work. , .*y Horphettville on Tuesday morning the following work was done .—Foliage, Nomadic, ana Uytenmestra performed steadily, paciiw over a distance. The yearlings Scutum and Security had a go over three furlongs on the course proper, it being available for the youngsters in _ training. The Golden 1 ?' l ^uPF0S}f1011, and Ensign were bracketed over the schooling hurdles, and ail three jumped well. Port Admiral, Piteliery, lhundei; Queen (who has filled out into a beautiful hllv smee last seen in public), and Miraclum performed over two circuits at about lalf and three-parts pace. Royal Admiral trotted twice round. Taradale went along at a steady pace for two circuits. The yearlings licet Admiral and Respond were un doing trotting exercise. Diadem and Rose dale performed strong work over six furlongs Andersons team were up doing good worl over the various distances allotod thorn luunderer performed medium paeii;". Mr Hat rues was galso over with Pair Saxon am John Lull. Nackera was doing useful work as also Happy Jack-. Broken Hill, lookim well was performing good Cup work, wlnls' L tod wen, Princess of Wales, and Dalesi ai were doing useful work. The yearlings, Lore Salisbury and laliesin had a sprint'on the course proper, both going very well and show ing signs ot having been thoroughly handled. Llcusimaii was not up 011 the course ; this coll and St eel trap were working on the beach. Mermaid performed good steeplechase work lameeSS°r W on thu traek !lnd Pu'-led ui Woodfield has been sold for 26 guineas to J K. Lammey. .A correspondent informs us that the finis' or an interesting billiard tournament too few M°»da A; ,;r, uiuu on ALonciai night last, and was won by W. Young afte" an exciting struggle with 1{. Colbourn. Th. winner played a splendid uphill game, beatiw his opponent only by 12. ' 