WHEN THE WORLD WIS YOUNGER. A TAU£ OF MERRY ENGLAND. Br MISS BlCADDOX Author of "Ishmaei," "Dead Men's Shoc3, "Lady And ley'a Secret,'" WyJiard'a Weird,'"' "Phantom i'drtunct" "Like and Unlike," &c.f; &c.; [Published by spccis- arrangement with the authot Allrijhtii reserved.] Chapter XXL—{Continued.) She Bat on a low stool in front of the' hearth, while the pile of ship-timber on the andirons burnt itself out and turned from red to 'grey. She sat looking info the cly ing iire and recalling tlio pictures ot tne past; tne auu grey convent; rooms and formal convent garden: the petty rules and restrictions ; _ the so-frequent functions—low mass and high, benedictions, vespers—the recurrent sound of the chapel bell. The few dull books permitted in the hour of so-called recreation; the sombre grey gown, which was the only relief from per petual black; the limitations of thai: colorless life. She had been happy with th& Ursulines under her great aunt's gentle sway. But could she be happy with the present superior, whose domineering temper she knew'! She had been happy in her, ignorance of -the outer world, hut could she; be happy again in that grey seclusion—she who had safe at the banquet of life, who had teen the beauty and the variety of her native land ? To be an-, exile for the rest of her days in the hopeless gloom of a Blemish convent, among the heavy faces of Blemish nuns. In the intensity of introspective thought sho had forgotten one who had forbidden that; . gloomy seclusion and to whom it would be as natural for her to look for protection and refuge: as to convent or husband. From her thoughts to-night the image of her wandering father had been absent. His appearances in her lifa had been so rare and so brief, liis influence on her destiny so slight, that she was forgetful of ' him now in this crisis of her fate, i. It was within a week of that evening tliat the sisters were startled by the arrival of their father, unannounced, in the dusk of the _ winter afternoon. He had come by slow stages from Spain, riding the greater part of the journey, like Howell, 50 years earlier, I attended only by one faithful soldier-servant, and enduring no small suffering and running I no slight risk upon the road. I "The wolves had our provender on more .than one occasion," he told them. • "The [ wonder is they never had us or our hackneys. ' I left Madrid in July, not long after the death of my poor friend Fanshawe. Indeed, it was ' his friendship and his good lady's unvarying: courtesy that took me to the capital. We had last met at Hampton Court with the king shortly before hi3 Majesty's so .ill-advised flight, and we were bosom friends then. And so, he being dead of a fever early in the summer, i had no more to do but to travel slowly homeward to end my days in my own chimney corner and to claim thy promise. Angela, that thou wouldst* keep my house and comfort my declining years." "Dear father !" Angela murmured, hanging over him as he sat in the great velvet chair by the lire, while her ladyship's footmen set a table hear him with wine and provisions for an impromptu meal, Lady Farebamdirecting them and comingbetweenwhilestoembraceher father in a flutter of spirits, the firelight shining on her • flame-colored velvet gown and primrose taffety petticoat, her pretty golden curls .and spark ling sevigne, her ruby necklace and earrings, and her bright restless eyes. While the. elder sister was all movement and agitation the younger stood calm and still beside her father's chair, her hand clasped in his, her thoughtful eyes looking down at him as he talked, stop ping now and then in his story of adventures to eat and drink. He looked much older than when he sur prised her in the_ convent garden. His hair and heard, then iron grey, were now, silver white. He' wore his own hair, which was abundant, and a beard cut after the fashion she knew in the portraits of Henri Quatre. His clothes were still of that style which he had never changed and which lived now only in the paintings of Vandyke and his school. _ "How the girl looks at me," Sir John said, surprising his daughter's earnest gaze. "Does she take me for a ghost ?' "Indeed, sir, she may well fancy you have come back from the other world while you wear that antique suit," said Hyacinth. "I hope your first business to- morrow will he to replenish your wardrobe by the assistance of Lord Rochester's tailor. He is a German and has the best cut for _a justaucorps in all the West-End. Fareham is had enough to make as wife ashamed of him, hut his clothes are only poor and shabby for his condition. ' Your" Spanish cloak and steeple hat are fitter for or travelling quack doctor than for a gentleman, of quality and your doublet and vest might have come out of the ark." "If I change them it will he hut to humor* your vanity, sweetheart," answered herfather. "I bought the suit in Paris three years ago ; and I swore I would cast them hack upon the snip's hands if he gave me any new-fangled finery. But a riding suit that has crossed the Pyrenees and stood a winter's wear at Mont pelier—where I have been living since October —can scarce do credit to a fine lady's saloon y< and thou are finest, I'll wager, Hya&nth;, where all are fine." "you would not say that if you had seen Lady Castlemaine's rooms. I would wager that' her tapestry cost more than the contents of my house." " Though shouldst not envy sin in high places, Hyacinth." "Envy! I envy a " "Nay, love, no bad names. 'Tis a sorry pass England has come to when the most con spicuous personage at her court is the King's mistress. I was with the queen mother at Paris, who received me mighty kindly and he wailed with me over the contrast betwixt her never-to-be-forgotten husband and his sons. They have nothing of their father,-she told me, neither m person nor in mind. ' I know not whence their folly comes .to them !' she cried. It would have been uncivil to remind her that her own father, hero as he was, had set no saintly example to royal husbands; and that it is possible our princes take more of tlieir character from their grandfather Henry than from the martyr Charles. Poor lady, 1 am told she left London deep in debt after squandering her noble income of these latter years, and that she has sunk in the esteem of the French Court by her alliance with Jermyn." "I can but wonder that she,_ above all women, should ever cease to be a widow." "She comes of a light-minded race and nation, Angela; and it is easy to her to^forget or she would not easily forget that so-adoring husband whose fortunes she ruined. His most fatal errors came from his subservience to her. When I saw her in her new splendor at Somerset House, all smiles and gaiety, with youth and beauty revived in the sunshine of restored fortune I could but remember ali.be was, in dignity and manly affection, proud and pure as King Arthur in the old romance, and all she cost him by womanish tyrannies and prejudices and difficult commands laid ,, nnn him ■) S t iimnftm-A r>F fin pyopy! diffi upon him at a juncture of so exceeding diffi culty. The sisters listened in a respectful silence. The old cavalier cut a fresh slice of chine, sighed, and continued liis sermon. " I doubt that while we, the lookers-on, re member, they, the actors, forget; for could the son of such a noble victim wallow in a profli gate court, surrender himself to the devilish necromancies of vicious women and viler men, if he remembered his father's character and his father's death. No; memory must be a blank, iered w. " and we, who suffered with our royal master, are fools to prate of ingratitude or neglect, since the son who can forget such a father may well forget his father's servants and friends. But we will not talk of public matters in the first hour of our greeting. Nor need I prate of the King, since I have not c-ome back to Eng land to clap a periwig over my grey hairs and play waiter upon court favor, and wear out the back of my coat against tlio tapestry at Whitehall, standing in the rear of the crowd, to have my toes trampled upon by the sharp heels of court ladies, and an elbow in my stomach more often than not. I am come, like Wolsey, girls, to lay my old hones among you. Art' thou ready, Angela? Hast thou had enough or London and play-houses and parks and wilt thou share thy father's solitude m Buckinghamshire "With all my heart, sir."_ "What! never a sigh for .London pleasures? Thou hast the great lady's air and carriage in that brave blue taffety. The nun I knew three years ago has vanished. Can you so lightly renounce the splendor of this house and youiv sister's company, to make a prosing old father happy ?" » " Indeed, sir, I am ready to go with you." " How she says that—with what a sweet sad countenance of woeful resignation. But I will not make the Manor Moat too severe a prison, dearest. You shall visit London and your sister when you will. There shall he a coach and a team of stout roadsters to pull it when they are not wanted for the plough. And the Yale of Aylesbury is hut a long day's journey from Loudon, while 'tis no more than a morn ing's ride to Chilton." " I could not hear for her to ho long away from nie," said Hyacinth. "She is the only companion I have in the world." "Except your husband." "Husbands such as mine arc poor com pany. Fareham has a moody brow and a mind stuffed with public matters. Ho dines with Clarendon one day and with Albemarle another ; or ho goes to Deptford to grumhlt with Mr. Evelyn; or ho creeps away to some obscure quarter of the town to hobnob with "Milton or Marvel, the member for Hull. I doubt they are all of one mind in abusing his majesty and conspiring against him. If I lose my sister I shall have no one." ■ " What, no one; when you have Henrietta, •who even three years ago had shrewdness enough to keep an old grandfather amused with her impertinent prattle." " Grandfathers are easily amused hy children they see as seldom as you have seen Papi'lon. To have her about you all day with her ever lasting chatter, and questions, and remarks, and opinions (a brat of 12 with opinions), would soon give you the vapors." " I am not so subject to vapors as you, child. Let mo look at you now the caudles aro lighted." The footmen had lighted clusters of wax candles on either side the tall chimney-piece. Sir John drew his eider daughter to the light, scrutinised her face with a father's privilege of uncompromising survey. "You paint thick enough, i'eonscicnce' name, though not quite so thick as the Spanish senoras. -They are browner than you and need a heavier hand with wlnte-and-red. But you are haggard under all your red. You are not the woman I left in '05." "I am near two years older than the woman you left, and as for paint there is not a woman over 20 in London who uses as little red-and white as I do." " What h;is become of Pareham to-night 5" Sir John asked presently, when Hyacinth had picked up her favorite spaniel to nurse arid fondle, while Angela had resumed her oc cupation at an embroidery frame and a re Euseful air as of a long-established domesticity ad fallen upon the scene. " He is at Chilton. When he is not plotting he rushes oli to Oxfordshire for the hunting and shooting. He loves buglehorns and yelp ing curs, and huntsmen's cracked voices, far before the company of ladies or the conversa tion of wits." " A man was never meant to sit in a velvet chair aud tail: line. It is all one for a French abbe and a few old women in men's clothing sit round the room and chop logic with a learned spinster like Mademoiselle Scudery ; but men must live sub jove, unless they :ir<; statesmen or clerks. They must have horses and hounds, gun and spaniel, hawlc or rod. I am glad Fareham loves sport. Aud as for that talk of conspiring, let me not hear it froin thee, Hyacinth. 'Tis a perilous discourse to but hint at treason, and your husband is a loyal gentleman who loves aud"—with a wry face—"reveres his king." "Oh, I was only jesting. But, indeed, a man who so disparages the things other people love must needs be a rebel at heart. Did you hear of Monsieur de Malfort while you were at Paris';" The enquiry was made with that overacted carelessness which betrays hidden pain, but the soldier's senses had been blunted by the rough and tumble of an adventurer's life and he was not on the alert for shades of feeling. (To be continued.) 