NOTES AND COMMENTS. Legality. Mr. T. M. Slattery threatens to lay the public life of this colony in dust and ashes. Lately he took from under the people's feet the security on which they were so foolishly reposing in regard to the conceited privilege they sup posed themselves to enjoy in the matter of paying the incorruptible guardians of the public rights, and last week he followed up this decisive victory by announcing that our supposed nationality was a delusion, our belief in the sovereignty of the people's will a mockery, and Parliament a snare, or, in other words, that the citizens of New South Wales have no right to authorise their repre sentatives ^ in Parliament to pass taxation bills to raise revenue for the good govern ment of the colony. It has turned out that the Land and Income Taxes are not ' legal,' and that their enactment was opposed actually to the Constitution. For practical purposes, the ordinary mind would be in clined to consider that Bills passed bv both branches of the Legislature, and sanctioned by the representative of the Queen, were quite ' legal ' enough, no matter what might be the views on the matter of the London folk ; but the ordinary mind, unfortunately, knows nothing of that mysterious, supreme and unbending power that dwells in the musty, moth-eaten tomes of law libraries, that is called ' legality.' Somehow or other, though, nations manage to carry on little schemes of their own without in the least consulting the wishes or views of legality. On a memorable occasion in Boston, some tea was thrown into the sea while legality vainly shrieked her loudest, and similar events have happened before and since in the world's history. We are not expressing an opinion on the merits of the Land and Income Taxes, but anyone that wishes their erasure from the Statute Book would show far more wisdom in appealing to the electors of New South Wales than to some legal gentlemen in London. Moreover, we believe that our Constitution is not the ridiculous thine: that Mr. Slatterv's contention would make it. If his opinion is the right one, then we can't boast that we enjoy self government. The power to govern a people implies necessarily the power to raise taxes, and if we have not that power, then the sooner we put all other questions aside and determine to get it the better. Where was the Constitution when Mr. Slattery joined Mr. See in attempting to pass an Income Tax Bill with exemptions, and high ones, too ? The destiny of Australia is in our hands, and if we have not the ability to guide it aright, Englishmen can't help us, and there is no use in appealing to them for protection. Mr. Slattery's arguments are based on the assumption that the people of the colony are not fit to be entrusted with political freedom. It is the argument that the Tories use against the Irish, and is insulting to the manhood of a community. *** m-u tt ~» The unemployed difficulty has Tne XJUGtQ.- c 1 i ? i 1 i ployed. *or *on£ cause' considerable anxiety in the colony. It has been a thorn in the side of successive Governments, and has led to endless political expedients and complications. It was a walking ghost that could not be laid at rest, and its spectral, menacing-like appearance always seemed ominous of evil and public trouble. It kept statesmen from ' sleeping o' nights,' and afforded an inexhaustible theme to the 'agitator' and 'socialist,' for the unemployed, no matter how wretched they might appear, were still men, and as such, whatever other rights might be denied them, admittedly had the right to live. Right glad are we to announce that public men may now take their rest and enjoy themselves, and that the occupation of the agitator is gone, the platform torn from under the feet of the socialist, for the unemployed problem has been solved, It was effected by the munificent chanty of a certain section of the citizens of Sydney. Wise in their generation, they saw the magnitude of the troubles around them, and soundly concluded that ' something ought to be done.' As such a determined, excep tional course of conduct is only adopted in cases of grave public distress, we can form an idea of the dangerous condition to which the unemployed trouble was bringing the community. Where people admit that 'something ought to be done,' things must be very bad indeed. To do that magic ' something,' a large and representative meeting of generous, humane, philanthropic, and, we are glad to say, representative citizens, was convened in the Town Hall last week. Between two and three thousand people were present. Many vigorous, forcible, and eloquent addresses were de livered, amidst repeated applause, urging the claims of the workless and breadless. A subscription list was opened, and the magnificent sum of £^ us. i|d. at once poured in ! Mr. Reid, at the joyous news, heaved a deep sigh of relief. The night mare of depression had been lifted off his public breast. With this large sum the wants of the unemployed could be adequately met for years, and sand-shifting and other ugly and doubtful expedients would be no longer necessary. It is consoling to the philosopher to notice that intelligent society is equal to any strain that may be put upon it, and that there is no difficulty that generous, representative citizens in meeting assembled cannot overcome. The only pain they feel on these occasions is caused by the publicity and praise to which they are exposed. _. , Mr. T. C. Neild may be a poet, SfsTmfcT? but he certainly % not an ' honourable knight that would scorn to take an undue advantage of an enemy. He actually challenged the critics to enter into a 'jawbone ' contest with him to decide on his poetical merits. Now, as Mr. Neild has given undoubted proof that he can ' talk ' all the existing children of Adam out of life, that his tongue, like Tennyson's brook, can ' chatter ' and wag on ' forever,' was it not vindictive and mean of him to strive to allure his unhappy victims into such a dreadful snare ? The natural instinct of self-preservation, we are glad to say, came to the critics' assistance, and they modestly declined to ' rent ' halls and 'talk' it out with J. C. Besides, at the meeting the poverty of the critics was scath ingly commented on, and halls cannot be engaged without money, On the whole we fear that the conduct of this great poet gives substantial confirmation to the assertion of Edmund Burke that ' the age of chivalry is gone.' 'A poet,' says Emerson, 'is no rattle-brain, saying what comes uppermost, and, because he says everything, saying at last something goocl, but a heart in unison with his time and country.' Mr. Neild, being a poet, must, of course, have the heart in unison with his time and country. We pity the time, and we sympathise with the country. The weak will all be crushed if the spirit of this great favourite of the muse pervades society to .any extent. We fear that it does. The chairman on the occasion of the memorable lecture was heard to utter the emphatic, significant words, 'D ? n the critics,' and the Hon. Dan O'Connor nodded joyous approval of the ' poet's ' stormy vindication of the pre-eminence of original genius in poetry, eloquence, or painting, and his ' magnificent' proof that the multiferi ous tribes of people possessed only of mere ' talent ' should either learn to hold their tongues and abhor writing-pens ; or else have themselves ruthlessly swept out of existence by the great kings of intellect and genius, of whom such a brilliant corruscation had as sembled on that platform. The only melan choly affair about the entire stupid, foolish proceedings was the fact that the chairman at the lecture was one time Premier of the Colony of New South Wales ! _ __ The ' Early Closing' move Long Hours. menfc shouJcf have t£e hearty support of every one in whose soul the desire for making money has not extinguished the ordinary feelings of humanity. In a country like this, with our oppressively warm climate, it is simply barbarous to ask shop assistants to stand behind counters for thirteen hours each day. There is no reason why such a state of things should continue. Shops would just do as much business if they closed at reasonable hours. The convenience of those who prefer purchasing their goods at nine or ten o'clock at night should not for a moment be consulted. If compelled to do so, they could easily arrange to find more suitable hours in which to purchase what they might require, and their altered con duct in this respect would afford them the consoling reflection that they were benefac tors of the human race. Late shop hours not alone consume gas, but waste and destroy, also, the lives of men and women. The mothers and fathers who so buoyantly sally forth at night to buy 'their household necessaries never for a moment reflect that they are perpetuating a stupid system that is crushing their own and other people's children. The promoters of the early closing movement are doing a really admirable work. They intend to push for ward their campaign vigorously, and they certainly cannot be too expeditious or too earnest in the matter. That alarmingly inert, dull mass of humanity called the pub lic is exceedingly difficult to move, and those who desire to force a truth home to its con science must be prepared for rough, hard, determined work. It is generally honest, though, and open to conviction, and, like politicians, never troubles itself about con sistency, That it sanctions ancj approves of arrangements that inflict cruel hardship on thousands is due to its want of some capable instructor. Charles Dickens earned the lasting gratitude of succeeding generations of school boys by, in 'Nicholas Nickleby,' exposing the ' home comforts ' to which parents used to consign their children by sending them to an ordinary boarding insti tution. He killed with one blow the starva tion system then in common use. A fact like this ought to give hope that the public also, if fairly appealed to, will end the prac tise that necessitates human beings to toil for thirteen or fourteen hours daily. * * . ,. Mr. Carruthers, at Kiama, and Politicians ^r# Re*d- at Casino, have been defending the novel doctrine that the carrying out of a bad policy is better than to be drawing a screw for doing nothing. They don't know, they say, whether Free trade is good or not for the colony, but they do know that they have abolished the Customs duties and passed land and income tax measures ; and, though these things may prove disastrous to the people, yet the people aforementioned ought to bestow their loudest applause on the active gentlemen that called them into existence. The argument is similar to that of a man who, by beating another mercilessly with a stick, would claim to be a greater friend of his than those around who were paying him no attention. The force of such reasoning might not be apparent at the time to the man whose flesh was being bruised and whose bones were being broken. In like manner, if Mr. Reid's policy be injurious to the country, he can't expect us to be elated with joy at the expedition with which he carried it into effect. He is sinking fast to the sophistical mire of the aged Parkes, who was accustomed to so frequently remind the people of all the ' Bills ' he passed, as if the passing of ' Bills ' and the prosperity of the country were synonymous. Two-thirds, at least, of the evils of humanity have been caused by insane legislation, and the present occupation of public men is, by some new folly, to undo the follies of their predecessors. Mr. Reid, by his latest utterances, has shown that he does not understand the wants of the people, that he is ignorant of the nature and tendencies of his own measures, and that he is prepared to deal with the colony as a quack doctor would with a patient — to give him, at least, some kind of pill or medicine, and, if it did not cure him, well, it couldn't do more than kill him. He is not, however, without a word of. consolation for us. When it becomes plainly evident that the land and incomes taxes have produced disastrous results, he is prepared, he states, to lead an agitation to have them abolished. He will then not desert the colony, but will manfully and patriotically undertake the duties and responsibilities of Premier in a Protectionist Ministry. Of course, stranger things have happened, and, though the Premier may not know much about governing a country, he seems to perfectly understand the patience and long-suffering nature of the people. In making these remarks we are not advocating either Protection or Freetrade. . . , The elections in Queensland Politics?1 are Prac^ca^y ended, and none ought to feel peculiarly grati fied with the result. During them, the passions appealed to by numbers of the candidates were of the meanest and lowest type, and the principles of patriotism, toleration, fair-play, love of freedom and justice that should guide the public life of a people were almost totally for gotten. The common welfare of the entire community that every Parliamentary repre sentative should zealously endeavour to pro mote was cast aside, while the battle was fiercely waged under the banner of class hatred and bigotry. Under such circum stances, victory for any party would be as humiliating as defeat, and the only men that have reason not to feel ashamed are the Catholics, who were insulted and rejected on account of their religion. * . Easter Monday proved again Holiday!0 *hat Australians are unrivalled in the art of holiday-making. Poverty, misery, and depression either did not exist on the occasion or were artfully hidden away, and wherever one turned there were crowds of well-dressed, happy-looking, and well conducted people enjoying them selves. From early morning streams of citizens ' on pleasure bent' poured out of town as fast as the resources of the Railway Department and the steamboat companies could carry them to break, even for a day, the monotony of their lives, and to revel in the luxury of fresh air, the open country, and the sense of freedom that it imparts. It would be only a cynic or a churl that would wish to put a stop to such a public festival that confers such . a boon on thou sands of hard-worked people. Whatever may be the evils incidental to such a holiday, its influence, we take it, is generally for good. It allows a gleam of sunshine to brighten the gloom that envelop the lives of so many of our citizens. 