TO-DAY'S SPORIIBG SEWS. [Pbess Tbleqbai'h Association.] TRAINING NOTES. At Flemington this morning Broken Hill, existed by Eluainian, registered two miles in a very takin? style, the firet round being covered in Imin. 6Ssec., with the horee going well j the mile and n half in 2aiic. 40}seo., tho mile and three-quarters in 3tnin. JOsec, and the two mileB in 3min. dGlaec. Dreamland; who looks splendid, had frr his com punion Charge, «who had ' the inBide position with Mat Harris in the saddle. The tan wns the convincing ground, nnd both stretched for n renl sound gallop. The first mile was com pleted in Imin. 52J -.sees , with no perceptible difference between them. ' The old hurdle horse Bischoit joined in to ensure a solid race, and in the next furlong Harris began to work at Charge to keep bis place. Tbe colt struggled gamely enough, but was a length to the bad of Dreamland in leas than another furlong and continued to drop back, being five lengths in the rear at the end of a miln and a quarter, run in 2 min, 201 sees.1 Bis choff was making it- very merry, and Dreamland went after him, 'leaving Charge at every stride. He pi iBed the mile and a half in 2.B01, Charge being 2 sees, in tbe tear and in ' great distress. Dreamland came home strong at the end of a sound two miles in 3min. 46Jseo. The position held at tbe finish by Charge was anything but asBuring, and be will have to do a lob better to have tho ghost of a chance ifl the Derby. Hova looks well, but moved sorely, although he did strong work. Coil and L'e Vsr were put together for a strong run once round, with Hayes on Coil. The firBt milo wbb covered in. Imin GOsec, with Le Var in front; nt the mile nna a quarter, run in zmra iobeo, uu Var wbb Btill leading, while Hayes was shaking up the chestnut, but despite n, vigorous bit of work on the parti of Hayes Lo Vnr appeared slightly in front at the end of ouce round, dono in 2 min 33J sec. At first Reka and then The Captain put in strong work on the tan for a mile. After cantering Lieutenant completed six furlongs in Imin. 18seo., tbe gallop of tbe morning so far as the distance was concerned. Great attention was paid to tho next pair, Sabre taoue and Tire, wno on tne aana orouo away av mo mile and a half post with' Tiro on tho inside. The firft mile was cut cut in Imin. 53j'seo., and the once round in 2min. 35seo. Sabretacho was labouring while tbe rider on Tirewas Bimply waiting on the bij» horse, and could have beaten him by lengths at tho winning poBt. Tho distance was dono in 2min. 48$Bec, and, Tiro appeared in no eort of trouble at any part of tho journey. ISrehwon and Paul Pry rattled along for six furlongB, nnd then came Newhavon with Rose No bio for tho flrBt part of tho journey; The Derby favourite broke, away with a nice easy swing, and the gallop was done on the Rand. . The firet once round was com pleted in 2.80 with Cohort, who joined in, bringing Newhavon along and finishing really well consider ing the pace all the way. Newhaven passed the milo-and-a-half- post in 2.-M$. The. Skipper, with Delanoy up, was led by Lord Bras&oy; in tho first pnriiof his work on the sand. The first once roun J occupied 2.33:}; Cravat then joined in, and Tho Skipper finished out a milo and' a half in 2.45. At Oaulfield this morning everything was in favour of fust time. Marusa only oantered two or three miles on the sand. He is reported to have galloped two mileB very early yeBterday morning beforounybody was about. , Straightflro was well in hand during a aiilo and a quarter on tho Band, run in 2min 2lBec. The Chevalier ims despatched for a strong milo and three quarters on tho sand, finishing at the milo post and running tho last round in 2min 21aeo. Duhallow executed a satie rnotoiy gniiop ot ooouc a. nuie inm inruu ijuuriuru on tha Band. He comploted the last round in 2 min 20see. ' ' 