Causes of Typhoid Fever. Any man or. ; woman wlio, 'haB lever struggled througlr 10, 12, or 15 weeks' - experience o£ a :3i»tii-ifiiii-^'ftttack of typhoid fever, wijl. think (says the Eng lish Hospital) that we are placing a very important question/before .them when ?asking can typhoid -be- prevented. -W 611; either it, can or li cannot ; eiuier it is n disease whose;Cause ';We_know and can deal practically with,' or it remains still one of those mysteries .which, baffle science and practice alike. But typhoid is not now -.a , mystery to the man of science ; of' that we are sure. It is, on the contrary, a well understood and en tirely manageable and preventable mal ady. Dri T. E. . Hay ward, medical officer of health for Haydock, Lancashire, tells his parish in his annual report, not only that.it is preventable,, but also by what precise and simple means it may be pre vented. We have had occasion before to express approval of Dr. Hay ward's intelligence and thoroughness as a medi cal officer of health, and we commend with confidence his tersely expressed '? Principles of Typhoid Prevention,' as made public in his report for 1895.' ' Typhoid is a preventable disease,' says this authority. ' It is a disease of filth, and especially of the filth of human excrement.' That is to be taken as the beginning of knowledge, the A B C of typhoid prevention, by the unscientific. The next step is equally easy. Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli; and the bacilli we find in human excre ment, and in drinking water fouled by such excrement. It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallowing souie typhoid bacilli. Thoy may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they may be flying about in the air in the neighborhood of typhoid excrement, and may bo swal lowed with luouthfuls of -. air. . What, then, is. the first and last. commandment of typhoid prevention ? ? Cleanliness ; personal and public cleanliness.' i 'It . is all there. If we keep ourselves clean ; if we keep our drinking water clean ; if we keep our closets and ourOdrains,* 'our. kitchens,^ sculleries, gardens, streets, and towns entirely clean, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of us as is the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of the extinct Deinotheriurn. 