THENOVELIST. THE raUfCBPAL BOY.. ACT' I. BY JJ. ZASGWILL. To sit out a play is a bore 5 to sit out a dance demands . less patience. • liven .when you do jt merely to pre- \ tini. your partner dancing with you, it is the 'ess disagreeable alternative. 13lit it sometimes makes you giddier than galoping. Frank. Redhill, lost his. head, a well-builthead, completely; *through indulging; in it; and without the head to look after it the heart BOOH goes. lie held Lucy's little jiand in -Ins hot clasp.: She-wished he would get himself "'gloves large enough not to split at the thumbs, and felt.quite affectionate tqwardsthe dear, untidy • boy. As: a woman almost out of her icons, slie could permit herself a little liiotherly feeling for a lad who had but just attained his majority. The little'thing looked very sweet in a demure dress, of'iiuii's roiling, which Frank would : have described as " white robes." I'm: he was only an undergraduate. Some undergraduates are past mas- ters in the art and science of woman ; But Frauk was not in that set. Nor ,/,. hi- • Jjerd wi t,!i the 7 nthlotic, w-])o drift., mainly into tJje unpaid magistracy, nor with- the , worldly, who: usually go m for the church. He was a l eading man. Only he did not Stick to the cumculuin, but fed himself on the conceits of the poets, and thirsted to redeem mankind. So' he got w. second class. But this is anticipating. Perhaps Lucy had been anticipating too. At any rate she went through the scene as admirably as if she had rehearsed for it. And yet it was presumably the first time she had been asked to say " I love you "—that wonderful little phrase, so easy to say and so hard to believe. Still. Lucy said and Frank believed it. Not that Lucy did not share Iiis belief. It. must be for love that she was conceding Frank her hand—since her mother objected to the match. As the nephew of a peer, Frank could give lier rather better society than she now enjoyed, even if he could not give her that of the peer, who had an hereditary feud' with him. Of course she could not marry him yet, he was quite too poor for that, but he. was a young man of considerable talents— which are after all gold pieces: When fame and fortune came to him, Lucy would come and join the party. En attendant, their souls would be ived. They kissed each other passionately, sealing the contract of souls with the red sealing-wax of burning lips. To them in Paradise entered the Guardian. Angel with a flaming countenance, and drove them into the outer darkness of the brilliant ballroom. " My dear," said the Guardian Angel, who was Lucy Grayling's mother, "there is going to be ail interval, and Mrs, Bayswater is so anxious for you to give, that sweet recitation from Racine." So Lucy declaimed one of Athalie's terrj bje. speeches m ..a thai: enth railed those who understood it, and made those who didn't, enthusiastic. : The applause did not seem to gratify the Guardian Angel as much as usual. Lucy wondered how much she had' seen, and, disliking useless domestic discussion, extorted a promise of secrecy from her lover before they parted. Re did not care about keeping anything from his father— especially something of which liis approval was dubious. Still,, all's fan- and honourable m love,—or lovo makes it seem so. Frank took a solemn view of engagement, and embraced Lucy in his general scheme for the redemption of mankind. He felt. she.was a sacred as well as a precious charge, and he promised himself to attend to her spiritual salvation. in, so far as her pure instincts needed guidance; He directed her reading in bulky letters bearing the Oxford post-mark.- Meantime, -Lucv '.disapproved- of his,neckties. J She thought he would be even, nicer, with a loving -wife to loot-after his wardrobe. ACT II When Frank: achieved the indistinction of a second class, as prematurely revealed; lie went;; to Gana.da and became; a farm pupil. It was not that his physiqiue warranted.the work, but there seemed no way m the old country of making enough money to marry Lucy (mucli less, to redeem mankind) on. He was suffering,: too, at the moment, from a disgust with the.schools,: and 7 a. .'.sentimental"year*. nmg to "return to nature." The parting with Lucy was bitter, but he carried her bright image m his heart, and .wrote to her. by every mail. In Canada he did not look at a woman as the saying goestrue, the . opportunities: were scant on the" lonely log-farm.. Absence, • distance lent the -Jasfc 'to ticli'of idealisation and-enchant? ment.to;hiscojiception::of:Lucy ;cShe': _ stood to him not only for 'Womaaihood:and:Purity,\\.but.for:England^ Home and: Beauty.v Nay;:tfae"thought.: of her was even Culture, when the evening found liim too worn -with .physical toil to read a page of the small . library he had brought with him He saw "his way to profitable farrningon.his-.ovmaccount.iiiafew.. years'time.-V'Then-Luey-W'Ouldcome out ;to^:himV t;.af- they should be too impatient to wait till lie /had made moneyenoughforhimfco-gotoher.. Lucy's lettei's ;3id' nothing to disabuse. him,, of Ins ideals or. his aims. They, were char mingf.affecfronate and: \- intelleotuali. iMidwayJ" tin' the batch he treasured more-thaneastern-jewels.! the sheets, began,: to -. wear .mourn^^ for Lucy's mother. -The Guardian AmgelwasgoneT^whethertocontinue" the-role none could say. > Frank com; foi ted the orphaned girl as best 'he couldwith repis(olary.:£isses^ani-coiidolencesr and"-hoped 'she would'/get alongthe 1 necessity fo"r"' 'that good ^relative n i ntfon,^Lucy's "mind impi ovmg 'Tasiblj under liei lover s sobcitotuTguid^ anre Then one day TifedhilTjfche rider "Hbkll that "by -the death of his bmtlicr aid nephew Tp.th.in a'few-days o x 1 each othei, he had become -Jjoidi -litdhjjl, and F ank consequently heir a, hje old peerage,^Snd -mthnkn lirn -^income ^T®heieupon Fianl^ ictuiHul 1 civil i/aiion"^ l||niat Lucy L fit! ifecjeem -ilclv Only was egilyng> himself ^(oi l%lf t & ^ y ^ g m \- .... pleasurable * surpris*. ACT III. It was a cold evening in early November when Frank's.: hansom drove up to the little house near Bond Street, where Lucy's aunt resided. He had not been to see his father yet, Lucy's angel face hovered"before lnm, warming the wintry air, and.drawinghim onwards . towards the roof-that sheltered her The. house was new to ? him; and, as he paused outside for a moment, striving to still-his emotion, his eye caught sight of a little placard in the window of the ground floor, inscribed " Apartments." He shuddered, a pang akin to self-re proach shot through him. -Lucy's aunt:was poor, was reduced to letting lodgings: Lucy herself, had, perhaps been: left penniless. Delicacy had restrained her from alluding to her poverty in her letters. He had. taken'.:, 'everythings too much for granted surely straitened .as were his means, he should have proffered her some assistance. . A suspicion that he lacked worldly wisdom dawned upon Iiini for flic first time, as he rang 1 the bell. Poor ltttle Lucy ! Well, whatever she had gone: through, the bright -days were come ^ at last. The ocean, winch had severed them for so many iveary moons no longer.- -rolled* bet, we tin then] —thaij]c God, -..only • Iho -panels - of thu street, door divided them now. In another instant that darling head—no more thehauntingelusive phantom of dream —would be upon his breast. Then, as the . door opened, the thought flashed upon him that she might not be m-^the idea of waiting a single moment longer for her turned liim sick. But his fears, vanished at . the. encouraging expression on the face of the maid servant who opened the door. " Miss Gray's upstairs," she mumbled without waiting for him to speak: And; all intelligent reflection swamped by a great wave of ")oy, he followed her up a narrow flight of stairs, and passed eagerly into a room to which she pointed. - It was a bright, cosy room, prettily furnished, and a cheerful fire crackledon the hearth. There were books and flowers about, and engravings on the walls. The little round table was laid for tea. Everything smiled " welcome." But these details only gradually penetrated Frank's consciousness ; —for the moment all.lie saw was that She was not there. Then lie became aware of the fire, and moved involuntarily towards: it, and held his hands over it, for they were almost numbed ivith cold. Straightening himself again, he was startled 1 by his own white face in. the He gazed at it dreamily, and beyond it towards the foldmg-doorSj. which lead into an adjoining room., His eyes fixed themselves fascinated upon these reflected doors, and strayed no more. It was through, them that she would come. : Suddenly a dreadful thought occurred to lnm. When she came, throngh those doors, what would be the effect of his presence upon her P Would not the sudden shock, joyful though it was, upset the fragile little hemiiy P Had lie not even 1 heard of people,dying from: joy? Why had he not prepared her for liis return, if only to the tiniest extent F The: suspicion that lie lacked worldly wisdom gained m force. Tumultous suggestions of retreat crossed liis mind^-but before lie could move, the - foldingdoors in the mirror flew apart, and a radiant image dashed lightly through " them. It was a vision of. dazzling; splendour that made his eyes blink— a beautiful glittering figure, in tighfe and tinsel, the prancing , prince oi pantomime. For an infinitesimal-fraction of a second,- Frank had the horror of the thought that he had come intc the wrong house. • • : " Good . evening,.. George," . the Prince cried; " I had almost -given you up." . Great God ! Was the voice, indeed, Lucy's ? . Frank grasped at. the man-: tel, sick: and blind, the world tumbling, about liis ears. The suspicion ;that; lie lacked worldly wisdom became a certainty. : Slo ivly he turned his head to face the waves of dazzling colour that danced before his dizzy eyes. The Prince's outstretched hand dropped suddenly A startled shriek broke from the painted lips. The reunited lovers stood ^staring ha if blindly at each other. More than the Atlantic rolled, between them. -. Lucy broke the terrible silence. ••".'-••',: " Biute' " It was his welcome home. :-• - v-. . " Brute ? " - he -echoed interrogatively; w-.ai low, hoarse whisper; ->• - ; " Brute and cad !" said, the Prince vehemently, the musical tones strident with anger. " Is this your faith, your loyalty—to' saealc baek home like a-thaef-rr-to-peep though, the. key 1 - hole to see if I was a good little gill— ? " 1 : 1 Lucy!' -Don't ! " lie. interrupted in:.anguished tones. • "As there is. ft J]C;LT(:N ;iborc UK, X ]I;L<3 XJV KUKJJ1- cion—" J r t t "T3ut you h.ave now," the prince m- teirupted. with a bitter laugh, Neither,made- auy^^^ attempt ito-.-touch, rthe'other.-thoughsthey: were: buta-few: inches apart. " Out with it 1 " " Luey, I Iiave nothing to say against you How should T ? I know-.-notMng.-.::: It-isforyou-fcospeak.- For pity's sake tell me all What is this masquerade ? " . •-!•: 5';Thismasciuerade-?-H'j- She touched her pink tights^he sliu'd'dered at- the touch. - " Th"-" a"e- -" ' S'-"? paused:. Why not tell th.e ea y liej and be done with the whole busmess,- and . mai ry the dear devoted boy P;: -Butthe niad instinct of*revolt And re- . «entmeit swept tover lier in. a flood; vthatidi-agged the "truth, fiomier heaitV and she: liurled it at him, ' These-aiey the legs of Tnnce Prettypet If I am^ -lucfcy^I shall stand on, them jn the ? ^pantomime of t The 2$nc7iante3'Princess, •> for.p'Mai:lequ%n Dick Turpm, at the* f:0,«iejita"Z'Theatre Thennaa "wiho has i «s£Wea3$itag of the part is coming to! ^seealioivijiiriook"'' | £ ^'YouTiave gone on the stage? ' M -v "-S^es couldnst/live 013^7-our^ lecSI "'Piince Jjettyp|t,said me gefesgnif ^awajyithpylittle^ capital ^ , w|i^^amma^ied J,tian'd ^ep. Tva'it'foi^ •^gta'ryaSion^-I fladviio fulfill ,aeeorc^ plishments K Ia,could only'" " Grocodile's teMs. " Heavens, ar» women to have no ..lives of their own ? " : ^ Oh;- why did you, not-write: to' me of your difficulties'? ": he groaned. -" I: would: have come over and fetched you—wewouldhavebornepoverty together." .:...- " l r es, " the Pi-ince said mockingly. ." 'E : was werry good to me, 'e .was. Do you-think I could submit to government by a pi ig ? " He start ed as if stnng. Tbo little tinselled figure^ looking taller in- its swashbuckling habi ts, stared at'him defiantly. ....-,...,• . " Tell me," he said brokenly, " have you made a living." " No. If truth must be told, Lucy Gray—docked at the.tail, sir—liarsn't made enough to keep Lucy Grayling in theatrical costumes. I got plenty of- kudos 111 the provinces, but two of my managers were bogus." :, " Yes ?" he said vaguely. : " No treasury, don't, you know ? Ghost didn't walk. No oof, rhino, shmei'sj com, eashj- salary !." •,,- "Do I understand you have travelled about llie country by your " By myself! What, m a company? Yon've picked up Irish in America. Ha ! ha 1 ha!" " You know what I mean, Lucy." -It- I^tic]j2ud s(,r:mge io ca]I-tliiR .new, :pe^son0buc l5^,•but"M^ssG^aJ•llng-' , would have sounded just as strange.' • " Oh, there was sure to be a married lady—-with- her. husband—in the troupe, poor thing!" - The JPrince had a roguish twmkle in the eye. " And surely I am old enougli to take care of myself. Still, I telt you' wouldn't like it. That's why T was anxious.to get a London appearance— 1 if only in East-end pantomime. The money's safe, and your notices are more valuable. I only want a show to take the town. I do hope G-eorge won't disappoint me. I thought you were he." " Who is George ?" he said slowly, as if in pain. .- The shrill clamour of the bell answered him.: - - • " There he is I" said the -Prince -joyfully.. " G-eorge -is only Greorgie Spanner, stage- manager of the Oriental. 1 have been besieging him for two days. Bella Bright, who had to play Prince Prettypet, has gono and eloped with the scene-painter, and as soon as I heard of it, I got a letter of introduction to Greorgie Spanner, and he said I was too little, and I. said .that was nonsense—that l had played •in. burlesque at Eastbourne—Gome in 1 " . ". Ai'e you at home, miss ?" said the maid, putting her head inside the door . " Certainly, Fanny. That's Mr. Spanner I told you of—" The girl's liead looked puzzled as it removed itself. " And so he said if I would pu(j i«3' things on, he would try and run down for an hour this: evening, and . see if I looked the part." ".•' . " And couldn't all that be done at the theatre \- y ":Of . course it could. But it's ten times. more convenient [for me here. And it's very considerate of Greorgio to eome all tins way-—-he's a very: busy man, I can-tell yon-'' . •'.•:> The street-door slammed loudly. A sudden paroxysm shook Frank's frame:. Lucy, send this man away —for God's sake." In his excitement lie came nearer, lie laid his hand pleadingly upon the glittering shoulder. The Prince trembled a little under his touch, and stood as in silent hesitancy. The stairs creaked under heavy footsteps. : " Go to your room," lie . said more imperatively. Eveninthewrecbof his ideal, :it:was:-an. added bitterness to think that limbs whose shapeliness had never even occurred to himj should bo -made a public spectacle. "Put on decent clothes." . • It Was the -wrong chord to touch. The Prince burst into* a .boisterous laugh " Silly old MacDougail!" ; The footsteps were, painfully'near. :: " You are mad," Frank whispered lioaisely. "You are killing ma— you whom I throned as an angel of light, you who were the first woman tin the world " "And now I'm going to bo the . Principal Boy;" she laughed quietly : back-. " Is -that/ you, dear old chap f Come m, G-eoigp " The door opened—Frank disgiisted, heart-broken, moved back towards the window-eur,tains. A sallow-faced ruddy-nosed man m a seedy black . suit, wearing a heavy watch-chain came in " How do, Lucy ? Cold, eh What, in you 1 togs' That's right." "There, you bad man! Don't ] look uppmg ?" "Stunning, Lucy," he said ap proaching her. "Wellj then; down on your knees, George, and apologise for saying 1 was too little " " Well, I see more of you now, he! he ' he ' Yes, you'll do. What swell diggings 1 " , i' Come to the-, fire. Take that "'easy chair. There, that's right, old man. JSbw, what is it to be? There's tea laid—you've let it get cold, unpunctual luffian. Perhaps you'd Ukfe a brandy a'nd soda better?' " M' yes." She rang the bell.' "So glad because there's only tea for two, and I know my filend -would prefer tea," with a sneeung intonation. " Let' me mtio'duce you—Mr Redhillj Mr., Spanner, you have lieard Jof„iIr'j Snanner. the cplol^a^d author" and stage maniger ?' The celebiatedauthor and stages mahagerlialf rose in Ms^easy cliauy tartled and notTovei pleased Thej pile faced nval visitor, halfJuHdenS in tlie curHms melmed liis" ^ead^ stiffly then movejl towards -iihe door S ' 01 no, dont^iun away like^tliatj "Without a cup of tea,in this bitter! weathei Mr Spannei" won t^ m nd • -talking business befoi e yon, will^you ' Geoige^ Sucli a dear old friendj you>l.now % ^ ^ ^ ^ j iatt®a (r "-D ' Frank was still sitting aH Bhe had left him—one hand playing with the spoon in his cap, the Test of the body let:hWrgic,- dfamobile. -Sbo bent over him tenderly. - ' -" Frank! " Lshe whispered. v He shivered and,looked up at the . lovely face, daubed with rouge and pencilled at the eyebrows .with, black —as for the edification of the. distant : " gods." He lowered his eyes again, and said slowly. "Lucy, I have' come back to marry' you. What date will be : most convenient to you ?" "Yon want to marry mo," ; she. eclioed m low tones " All the same !.' 1 A ; strange wonderful, light: came into, her-eyes. TJie big lashes were threaded. with ^ glistening , tears. She put her little band caressingly upon his hair, and waa,silent.:: > ••• :; "Yes 1 it is an- old promise. <,K ehall be kept." " Ah 1" She drew her hand away with an inarticulate cry. " Like ft duty dance, but you do not love me ?" : Ho ignored the point. " I am rich now—my father has unexpectedly become Lord Redhill—you probably heard it ?" \- "You don't love me!. You can't love me! " r It sounded -like. the. cry ; of a soul in despair. ••• " So there's no need, for either of us to earjj n. 3ivinjr," ' ' J ^ '' But, T yotir'don't lovo rac "5Tou - only want to save me." " Well, of course, Lord JEtedhill wouldn't like his daughter-in-law to be—" "The Principal Boy—ha! ha I ha ! But what—lio ! ho! ho I I must laugh, Frank, old man, it is BO funny —what about the Principal Boy ? Do yon think he'd cotton to tbeid ea of marrying a peer in embryo ! Not if Lucy Gray -knows it,;, no, by Jove! Why, when your coronet came along, I should have to leave the stage, or else . people 'ud be say-, ing I couldn't act worth a cent. They'd class me with Lady Hansard —oli, lord! Fancy me on the Drury Lane bills—Prince Prettypet, Lady Redhill. And then, Great ScotV think whom they'd class you with. Ha 1 ha ! - ha! No, my boy, I'm not going to marry a microcephalous idiot. Ho! ho ! ho I I wish somebody would put all this in a farce." \- " Do I understand that you wish to "break: off the engagement ?" Frank said slowly, a note of surprise in his voice. " You've hit: it—mow that I hear about this peerage business—why didn't you tell me before ? • Em out of all the gossip of court circles, and it wasn't in the Era. No, I might have redeemed my promise .to a-commoner; but a lord', ugh! I never-had your sense of dnty, Frank, and must really cry ' quits.' Now you see the -value of seeret engagements—ours is. off, and nobody will be. tlie wiser—or the worse. Now get thee to his lordship—concealment, like a worm i' the bud, no longer preying upon tliy damask cheek. I was always sorry you had to keep it from tlio old buffer. But it was for the best, wasn't it?—hal-ha .'-f-it was for the best 1 Ha' ha' ha ' ha! ha!" Frank fled down the staircase followed by long,rpetfls of - musical laughter. : They followed him into the bleak night, which had no frost for lum ; but they became less musical.as they rang on, ; and as the terrified maid and landlady isteove-in vain to: allay the hysterical tempest. ACT IY. \- ' The Oriental; on Boxing night, waa like a baker's oven for temperature; and an unopened sardine barrel for populousness. . The East-end liad poured its rollicking multitudes into the vast theatre, which-,; seethed- .over with noisy vitality. < There was mueli< traffic, m-ginger, beer, oranges; Banliury cakes, and'^bitter."' Tlie great audience roared itself hoarse over old choruses with new -words. Lucy Gray as Prince Prettypet, made an instant success. Themashers.ofthe0j-i«raiai; ogled'herinsilentflattery::Her-cle3r elocution, lier-charming singing voice, . her spnglitly dancing, lier chic, -lier frank-vulga'rity !'when8lie"letherself go," took every heart,captive. Jilvery heart, that is, • save one, whioh was filled with sickness and anguish, : arid rco.vered "vrath a5veil'of ; £ne Jinen. i .- :'Ehc lieirlof itheliouseof "Sedhill; cowered at the back of the O P. stage box— the only place in the house disengaged '. when lie drove up in a mistaken dress suit. It was the first time lie had seenPrmce.Prettypetsinee'the-merry :-teapartyj:andhedidnot:fa he waif seeing her JIOW. He hoped shedid'not-seehim.';She:pirouetted :rnp:to.the:front- oflii«iboz-pretty.often: during the evening, and several times hurled' ancient wheezes at the riotous funnymen^fromthatcoiguof-YantagQ, Spoken so near his ear," 1 the vulgar jokestingledthroughhim^like.lstshes winking in his directaon. But that was-the-business of the,'SOBgv-&nii;' impersonal. He saw no sure signs of recognition, and was "glad. *• —~ When, during "the' gradualbiitl gorgeous-evolutionofcthe-Transformation Scene, he reeeryed a inoto !? iroUi" her he remained glad >It ran, " The bearer^ will take you '"behind. I' 1 have, no one to see mejhome •• Always your friend —Lacy.'' 1 He^vent behind;"" following -his r.guide throngh a con- fusi^swfjcoatlesitiearipentefsfl^a^g^ t^nihe^iofebluearidtgre^feey^om^he; vnngs, and gauzy, highly" 1 coloured^ Whitechapel girl's^ ensconcing^ them- 'pelvesSn-,uncoinfortable\atHtudes]on" wooden pedestals, whichrwera momitmg and descending e r 1 ' ( o' g " 1=1 p- 1 v, 1 = b istlmg about, half eiazed, amidja'hubbub jerfeetlyi -finaudihle, from f-the front,,butf, he' rfonnd -time-to^cofi atJB , ranVas"«:-tha% gent]emai%tuml3e&ofer.jtlie; jpantl-i Joon jlever, "wihaseiivturnmg „might •plnngedj-the^stage in '"darlme'ss^^faS found Lucy4i5f%tinyf cellar 3a h" T^ntewash^^^^aUs^Mi^s^^^ou] lT to earn her own living' He "bent down and kissed her foielieadj reoiorsefulljj^^onesiiaightkissanoverscolded civil & She diew his head dowii lower'and kissed' him—passionately—<>ii the lips 1 1 Let us wait a little," Bhe saidJ as.he spoke of.sending.-: for a liansoui. 'VSloman,, tlie 1 lessee,:: gives a litt le supper on the stage after the show—he'll be annoyed if I don't y. "He'll be delighted to have you." The- pantomime "had 'gone better.: than" anyone had- expected. -It .. had been insufficiently rehearsed, and though everybody had said ''it'll be ril right atniglit '^in theimmemorial * plii'aaeoftheprofession-^they.had said it more automatically than confidently. Consequently everyone -was in high- feather,-and agreeably . sur?^ . prised at the accuracy of the prophesying Even Georgie Spanner ceased to scowl under-the ^genial- 'influences, -of 1 success and Sloman's very decent champagne. The air was fnll of laughter, .and; gaiety, and everybody (except the clown), cracked jokes. The leading ladies made themselves pleasant, and did-not swear. : Everybody seemed to have acquired a new respect' for Lucyj seeing her with. such a real Belgravian swell. Probably, she "would, soon have a theatre of her own Into HoVemia, "he^thought -"tliB. natives'very emkspokenj . naive,-.and cordial. Frank had no donbt now that Lucy was right, that he was a Prig -to want to redeem mankind. And the conviction; that, he lacked worldly wisdom was sealed for aye,; - Aci V. So lie married her. • 