ON THE CALIFOpii LIMITED. THS SHHE2.'S STOS.V. A night and a day out, and the California Limited was speeding along towards the const, leaving Chicago far behind. One of the six men in the Pullman snickei remarked that u fact express was ubou1 the only tiling that oould leave Chioep behind, and to this there was a genera, assent. These six men, who had the Pullman to themselves, were boginuing to find the trip fatiguing, in spite of the assistance that had been roudered by the porter and the buffet to make it less so. At ten o'clock someone had yawned and sug gested retiring. At eleven one man began to kick -££ bis boots. At half -post eleven the man whom they had called ' the doctor,' because he had a certaiu professional air, said they had better each take a nightcap and turn in. bo the poner was called, and six different orders given him. The yuung man whom they bad dubbed ' the parson' called for a glass of water. At this tho others raised their voicos in protest. 'There is but one way out of this,' said the doctor, resting his glass on the arm of his seat ; a man who drinks water lor a night-cap must tell a story to off-set it.' Tiio others acquiesced in this, and for a moment there wore rapid calls of 'Btory, story ! 1 As soon as they wore quiet, the young man spoke in a low and hesitating voice. 1 i shall bo glad (o pay the forfeit, but not to-night, if you will excuse inO. I havo seen so little of life that iB worth telling, Let us havo a story that is fitting to the time and place. Our friend hero,' ho turned, at this, to a spare, muscular looking man who sat next him, 'tells us that he has known something of the desert. To-morrow we shall be in it Let as have a foretaste of its life to-night' As this seemed worth while, and as there was some donbt on the part of the others whether the young man's story would bo worth listening to when they got it, all joined in the attack on the spare viae. ' Yes, it is true,' said the latter, looking refleotively into the glass which the porter had placed before him, his glance indica ting that he would prefer to attend to that rather than tell a story ; ' it is true, 1 have seen something of the desert it's not a nice place. Not so bad when you can fly across it in a comfortable car ; but od foot, alone, it's diifoient.' Ho paused, aud hiB thoughts seemed wandering back info tiie past, before the railway had annihilated the horrors of the sandy plain. Tho others gave bim time, Cor they judged a good story would shortly oe forthcoming. Finally he tasted the contents of hia glass, and asked the porter 'for a little more sugar. Then he said : — .'When I 'Wis a young man 1 was a joining prospector. 1 went ii on ' grub fctakes,' and had a chance to learn all about the wrcng side of the business, and soon was sick of it When I wa6 about to give it up I cbar-ed to hear a story of a wonderful mine. There are stories of the 8nuio sort afloat in every mining dis trict — of a fabulously rich mine that has been found and loat again. Those tales do not differ much — oxcopt in location and in minor unimportant details. They hold treasure beyond tbc dreams of avarice. It requires long searching to find and almost superhuman endurance to reach them. And there are usually certain difliculticB to be encountered In gaining possession which requires a pecu liar sort of oourage to surmount. ' Had I not bec-n young, in uiore ways than one, I would not nave Undertaken tiiis search. Having outered upon it I ?was not easily driven back. My way lay across the desert. 1 wont alone, except for the company of my pack mule. I ? carried little in the way of supplies, be sides food and water. It was slow work. The sand and the sun of the dosert blisters one's body and mind. My feet grew tired and burned. My head swam all day long ?with the ileal. My eyes achtd with the never-ceasing glare of the sand and the sky. The eiJenee and loneliness oppressed me, and sometimes made me afraid, oven at mid-day. At night, horrible shapes moved all about— shadows of the clouds .overhead. ' I had planned my route carefully. I had studied the stories of this IobI mine for a long time, putting together all that was probable and casting all else aside. 1 believed I knew the range of hills in whose bosom it was hid. An old map that had come into my possession showed a certain canyon, away in their farthest depths, and it was for this I searched. Before I reached the hills I was half-doad With fatigue aud the terrible heat and glare of the desert. Before I found tho canyon my water gave out, and then for a night and a day I stared death in the faca. But when night came again aad hope was almost dead, I came upon a trickling stream of pnrc water. Ob, how I reveiled in it. I laughed and drank and bathed my hot eyes. It was worth more to me than untold gold, and for a time I forgot the object of my search. Then 1 remem bered that tho mine should be found close beside the eource of a 6tream. I lay down and rested until morning., aad then .took np my way again with a new heart. 'I toiled all through the day, climbing w?wre the keeping of my life hung upon tbegmaking of no mis-step. Arfd just at dusk I, came .to where a spring guBhed up from tbe'Asrth. Tiio sun had gone down, and the full moon had risen and made a silver glory ^of rocky oanyon and babbling 6tream and frowning ' ills. And in the lieart of all, I know, lay that which I sought. . . ' Now a part of the slory was that #pnor owner guarded the treasure of tho mine un ceasingly. Whether be wua living or dead, whether in the lleBb or the spirit, none were so bold as to say. But it waB told tiiat he sat day and night inside the entrance that led down into tho mine, and ?Willi drawn bow waited ell corners. That at a certain point he let .fly a shaft, and the intruder foil down dead. 'Now it was a hundred years since the mine was list,- And no man lives so long, even to defend treasure. And of dead men 1 was net afraid. So when I found an open place that led iato the heart of a r-.gged bill-side, 1 plunged boldly forward. ' 1 confess I had not gone many steps until l saw that which umdc my heart beat faster than was its wont. This was a ghostly sort of light, streaming from the far interior of the cavern. But I soon decided it to be a phosphorescent glow and pluoked up my courage again and went on. Ten steps mora and my foot s:ruck against some-thing- loose on the rocky floor, aud looking down 1 saw a heap of bones. I havo not the anatomical skill or my friend the doctor hore, but 1 'reow enough to decide that they were ? man belongings. This made me stand stock still for a moment. And in that moment I saw here and there other like heaps, showing with a cold dead white in the phosphorescent shining. ' 1 shall not tell you that I was frightened. You may think what you please. Perhaps I was not wholly con scious that 1 continued to go forward instead of turning back. 1 am not Bure either that I was conscious of the act of clutching my revolver and holding it in front of me, loady to fire. Yet that is what 1 did, and a* I turned Bharply round a corner of the rock I discovered a figure before me at some distance — and upon the instant my pistol sent a bullet towards it 'The echoes of the shot made a little pandemonium in tho close tunnel, but before they had died away I had realised that the figure was thai of the dread archer, an.l that his bow had been strung ready to sond an arrow on its flight, and that the arrow had been so sent. 1 heard it whiz past my head and knew its aim had not been true only because uiy Bhot had hrouglit the archer from his seat in the very act of speeding the shaft. ' Now I knew that was no ghost, but a mau of flesh aud blood, and I did net believe he held the mino alone. So I waited, expecting a swarm of avengers to throw themselves upon me. Hot none came, and silence settled once more over the eavern, and my courage came slowly flowing back. 1 went forward and turned the follow with my foot, and saw that he was quite dead. And tho face that stared up at me was one of the worst of the type of the border rutiian.' The speaker paused and looked about him. All were following him with breath less attention, so riveted upon his words that none had lifted a glass to try the decoction the porter had brought. A finer oompliment than this could not have been paid. He 6&w; this, and smiled doprocalingly. ' Drink, gentlemen,' he said, 'the ghost is laid.' ' But the end of the story V 'Commonplace. Commonplace. A gang of counterfeiters had taken possession of The mine, which was never very rich. But with a little true metal that they smelted out they combined much spurious stuff, and so manufactured a supply of coin that had long given them a fine profit, and' the Government a great deal of trouble. The archer was a stool-pigeon' to warn cowards away, when the gang were not there to guard the mine in force. ! got away as quickly as 1 could and gave information, and went with a posse of troops that surrounded and secured them all.' He waited a moment, and then looked at his watch, 1 Midnight,' he said. ' I guess it's time to turn in.' The pale young man whom they had taken to bo a clergyman drew a bottle from hie pocket and quietly filled his glass which the others now perceived contained but a modicum of water. ' 1 would lite to ask a question, ' ho said, diffidently. The narratur looked nt him in alarm. ' Is that a true story T asked the young man. Tho narrator nodded. 'Well, I say then,' continued the other, ' let's not have any more ghost stories, unless the ghost is brought on the stage. This is too much like playing Hamlet with tho Prince left out.' Which the others thought was a curious Illustration for a clergyman to Use, as well as the suggestion regarding bringing the ghost on the stage. Likewise the odour of old Bourbon that filled the smoker like a graoioue presence as the young man handed around the flask which he had drawn from his pocket. 