Wftz Contributor. tr.' THE NORSEMAN FIELD. \- ? i '.''-. ? . [By Randolph Bedford.] ? NO. III. ? - - . The South Norseman district possesses some excellent- mines, notably the Onkaparinga, Mount Benson Consolidated, Kirkpatrick Mount Benson, Brown's Mount JBenson', and the Midas. To the south and east of the Norseman line are the Erl King, Narra coorte, ..Tarpeena, (a-wendoline, St. Albans, and . Christmas Gift ; and to the north ' the Mary Cater and Mount Barker lines. The Great Boulder Norseman has a reef heavily impregnated with iron, and in many places showing coarse gold. Some of the richest stone in the district has come from here. The show mines of this line of leef have so far been the Mary Cater and Narracoorte. The formation in the Boulder Norseman, Gwendoline, Florence, and Erl King varies from that of the prin cipal mines lying westerly in that the matrix is heavily charged with iron, the iron constituents being fouud in some instances so pronounced as to utterly exclude the quartz. In these the richest specimens have been found. ? The Boulder Norseman is the link, one might say the junction, between the conventional bodies of quartz and the decomposed forma tions which are now deservedly the fashion in West Australian mining. From here north wards, with a leaning easterly, the charac teristics of the country, is a low range of hills bearing along its crown a dyke formation similar to that in the_ St. Albans. On the Caledonian claim, which is situated on these hills, a gold bearing formation 15 ft. wide has been exposed. At CO ft. crosscuts proved this to be 11 ft. wide and going down strong. The lode lies on a dioritic dyke, and is almost certain to be permanent. The Caledonian people were the first to test the formations of silicious iron on the Norseman. The Norseman has never been an alluvial field in the wide sense of the term. The early pro prietors (and the practical miners amoug the ? early prospectors, judging by the burlesque shafts sunk by first holders of the claims, were very few and far between) seem to have been attracted to the reefs by small shed specimens and never by gold in slugs or otherwise free. While on the subject of these amateur miners, who had plenty of grit as a substitute for their slight knowledge, I might mention that the draper miner element is still found below. A far away field is discovered, and it wants miners. The real gold miner is less out of work than any other skilled laborer, and so for this reason the draper ieaveth his father and mother and cleaveth unto the windlass, which he knoweth not. Many of this class of men, utterly unfitted by physical weakness (want of training or that aptitude which soon causes the want of training to disappear) engage themselves as miners, and have to be discharged before their second shift is out. Then they return to civilisation, and call tho field a duffer, tell fniry stories of the number of unemployed and the general glut in the mining labor market. While on the Norse man I visited half-a-dozen claims, not manned by poverty-stricken prospectors, but by fairly. well capitalised companies, administered by managers who desired to push on work, and were prevented by lack of suitable men. In one case the amateur miner put in a shothole about 3 in. deep, gave the cartridge 20 ft. of fuse, and propped halt a candle against the fuse. Then he shinned up the ladder and waited developments. After waiting half an hour and finding no explosion eventuated he went below again in time to meet the shot. He then left the job saying that he suffered from singing in the ears. * Twenty-two miles north of the Norseman, travelling over spimfcx patches and low crowned mulga hills, over salt and quartz slugs and past two or three likely-looking alluvial guUieB which we would have tried if. there were rvater near, you reacli that part of Northern Lake Cowan known as the penin sula. On the night of my arrival the progress . ? v committee met m my host's tent, there being no shanty near, and the auspicious township known as the Peninsula Day Dawn was solemnly baptised 'Forrestville' as a com pliment to the strong man of Perth. The — — peninsula would be an island if the lake had kindly left some water on its surface, aud there is no stronger geological surprise than the appearance of this bold slate formation rising to great heights on trffe salt encrustations of the ' lake. There is not here any decom position of the shore by the lake salt, such as you find further south, where the cliffs are of \- a softer and more corruptible nature. The Day Dawn Extended, North Day Dawn, and Day Dawn South are owned by an \- ' JCuglish syndicate, and comprise 58 acres. The distinctive features of the two south blocks are '. enormous ironstone outcrops, blocked on the ; west and east by outcrops of hungry quartz. On the Extende'd bloc)'.* shaft of 130 ft. has been sunk on an ironstone lode nearly vertical and over 3 ft. wide. This is proved in the Day Dawn and Day Dawn South. On the Day . . ??' Dawn, east of the Extended reef, there is a big reef outcropping 7 ft. wide. Crosscuts east ana ' west in the shatt prove this to be 14 ft. wide showing gold in places. In the shaft further south the reef made from 18 in. at the-eurface to 5 ft. in the drive at the 50-ft. level. Almost every other stone taken from the dump a-t this shaft shows gold. Four other shafts of an : average depth of 60 ft. prove these reefs on the other mocks. North cf the Day Dawn com pany's properties is Peak's Day Dawn, of 12 acres. The Day Dawn reef made to 10 ft. wide in this property and the distribution of gold though certainly not assaying anything sensational is consistent with the belief that ? metal and matrix will live to - a depth. Tho peculiarity of the surface stone on the Day Dawn lease is that although the iron shows no trace of fire action the quartz is fused and run over the iron in all kinds of fantastic shapes. Strangely enough there are no claims within six miles of this particular formation. The slates bearing the ' ? peninsula reefs rise precipitously from the lake. Soire distance off there are small islands of shite outcrops, but so far as minerals are con cerned the indications are of a very slight : ??'; ' nature. The Princess Alice, Princess Alice \' North, and Princess Alice North Extended ? comprise 84 acres ou the eastern shore of the ' ? peninsula and taking portions of the lake bed ,?-.'.? iteelf in in water rights. A little distance ? east. of the cliff is an outcrop in the bed '^ of the lake extending three chains west. ? ' A huge formation outcrops throughout the , - blocks. In block 163, where the machinery is being erected, the lode formation is showing fully six chains wide, and very rich copper ore is being obtained. There is also gold in the lode, which gives a .very fair return by assay. In copper the. Princess Alice has something which, if the ore continues as it is shaping at present, bids fair to eclipse anything on record. In the main shaft the copper came in at 15 ft. from the surface, getting very rich at water level, and as the work went down through the water the ore became richer. A tunnel was started into the hill from the lake bed, and had to be stopped at 27 ft., the water rising very quickly. Crs'stals of copper, 'malachite, and azurite were met with in the slate, which was here jumbled up with copper-stained quartz, the carbonates of copper and_ azurite quickly making into a large main body. Six feet above the lake bed and in the tunnel fine veins of malachite were met. The whole formation is now proved in depth by shafts and in length by the outcrops. The bulk of the ore now coming out of the shafts should average 12 per cent, of copper, as the large quantities of malachite at hand will go 30 per cent. Other classes of copper ore, such as black oxide, azurite, and alacamite, are also present. Should the ore improve in the same ratio as the development this will be one of- the big concerns of the field. In the Princess Alice North Extended, aboutSO chains northtrf Block 163, a shaft is down GO ft., and a crosscut has been put in 100 ft. west through an ironstone and quartz formation to a nice- looking slate wall. Very fair prospects of gold have been obtained in different parts of. the lode, and a crosscut has been extended 16 ft. east of the shaft, the for mation terminating at 8 ft. . The formation can bo put down as being 100 ft. wide, the lode carrying a little copper. There is no doubt of it being any but the one formation running through the whole property at an angle of about 7° west of north. On the south these blocks are bounded by an alluvial flat, on which somo good specimens have been found, and on the west by large ironstone hills. These peninsula claims exist in about the only true slate formation on the Norseman field. The relative cost betwpen working in slate at the peninsula and in diorite at Norseman is as £2 to £6 per foot. The Day Dawn Extended South Company has 24 acres. Tho manager drove north at 20 ft. and cross cut east and west at 14 ft. in the reef. At the time of my visit the eastern wall had been met, but crosscutting west gave no limit, and so far the reef was 12 ft. wide of pyritous and honeycombed quartz and iron, showing fine gold in the vughs. One of the chief retarding agencies of pro gress on this field has been the dummying of leases and the dummying of men. Two enter prising gentlemen pegged out the whole of tho unclaimed and likely portions of the Penin sula with no intention of observing the labor conditions, and .merely aiming to keep other men off. Other men working on claims where lax management is the rule take their wages regularly from the o wners aud work on little private shows of their own. This is doubly unfair— unjust to the owners who pay wages without receiving any work, and unjust to the prospectors who travel looking for country and are kept off unclaimed ground. The pro fessional jumper is deservedly an object of scorn, and the 'dummy': immeasurably worse. I saw an advertisement which would hardly bo accepted by a judge as sufficient evidence to prove the publication of a libel. In the centre of a scrub belt, almost hidden by large iron blows, we happened on a placard on a tree. It said, 'Wanted two miners j apply Blank's store, Norseman.' Norseman is 22 miles from here. In this way does the dummying pros pector satisfy his conscience before applying to the warden for exemption ou the ground of no labor being available. He can say that he has advertised aud received no application. We left the Peninsula nigh on dusk, and the thickness of night found us with a tired hoese and. 18 miles to go. We lit fires in the spinifex and decided to warm ourselves and smell the thick incense of the burning grass and waitrthe coming of the moon ; and then the restlessness which is the father and mother of all explora tion pushed us on through the ? darkness. Thus I and his worship the mayor of Norse man and his spectacles walked in the lake, aud the rising moon found us plodding in the half boggy track. Shadows of islands came and went, and were distinct and then blurred as our footsteps fell soundlessly on the salt— the ghosts of men and feet ou the ghost of a once great sea. 1 have done long night walks in the bush — through white ring-barked trees on paddocks that shall one day be waving grain — through seas of interminable mallee— on great beaches with a sea murmuring on the sand and thundering on the stones — but there is no im mensity that speaks so plainly of its own im mensity as these great tracks of salt lake lying under a ghostly moon. . Cut off from every other life you are like a ghost walking: on these ghosts of departed great waters, dead island, and shadowy configurations of shore. At an hour after midnight wo reached the light of the Princess Royal, fired two or three tons of piled up dead wood, rolled each man in his rug and slept like tired children. The owners of the Princess Royal have had cause to regret that they did not discover that the prospectors' workings below the Golden Hole had been filled in before they paid the purchase-money to the original prospectors. The reef had worked away, from these filled in chambers and made and remade like a con certina. Two crosseourses, 15 and 18 iu. wide, were' picked up and the reef in the prospectiDg shaft shows signs of once ' more becoming consistent in its dip. East of the prospecting shaft and subsequent to the discovery of the filledin cliambers in the prospecting shaft an underlay shaft was sunk on the footwall of a previously unexplored reef. At the surface this was 18 in. wide, but with sinking a succession of small leaders made into the main body so that at 30 ft. the reef widened to 5 ft. In this shaft very coarse gold was found. The drive in the shaft has met with very rich gold, and the mine is proved by two other Eliaf ts, and is in a sufficiently forward condition to authorise the erection of machinery^ A mile or so east of tho Princess Royal, and near Lake Cowan, is the Three Colonies, adjoining the Desir able, which is the show mine of the field. The mining area is 24 acres, and there is also a tailing and battery site of 10 acres. Machinery is now in course of erec tion, the .management having decided on trying crushing by Chilian mills estimated to treat 1)0 tons in 24 hours. The formation is a decomposed quartz— in consistency almost a kaolin — wonderfully rich, and hardening on exposure to the air. This formation is evidently tho decomposition of a reef similar to that further west, proving by eosteens to be 9 ft. wide. The prospectors .on this claim were like most of the humorous West Australian discoveries of- rich stone. Here, as in the Desirable, which was the jeweller's shop of the field, and adjoins *the 'Three Colonies, the prospectors fol lowed the rich snoots without regard to any rules of mining or tp tho general trend of the lode. They ' followed the shoots up and down 'and around and returned On themselves, and all this dangerous working was done in small passages scarcely capable of admitting anything larger than the body of a man. ? In the Desirable these rabbit burrows extend for scores of feet, and the prospectors working in the Three Colonies made their toy drives and levels in not yery. much better fashion. The prospectors were farmers, and being unsophisticated evidently considered the first duty of a mining man is to get gold to the' surface, and that it does not matter how it is won. To do them justice they succeeded in winning it. These workings have all been cut down and enlarged and connected by well-timbered drives, and in the course of driving one of the most foreign formations possible to the carrying of gold was met with. It is a collection of small leaders in a greasy mixture of clay and iron, all making from what was once the main gold-bearing material. Repeated assays taken all along the course of this ironclay shows it to be. wonderfully rich.- Expert knowledge, producing reliable methods, has been used on these claims since the formation into companies instead of the old miner's rule-of- thumb experience. The new mining man is wanted in West Australia, because the old miner'B adherence to. bis old methods, successful enough in other places, means the perpetuation of his old mistakes here. The Three Colonies Extended, adjoin ing the Three Colonies proper on the south east, has thd same description of ore; rich snflfil leaders, decomposed quartz and iron, making richer as driving progresses towards the more north-westerly claims. A quantity of Three Colonies Extended stone is now being broken for treatment at the Norseman Crush ing Company's battery. The Norseman Crushing aud Mining Com pany is affiliated with the Desirable, pre viously alluded to, and is under the same excellent management. The claim of 12 acres attached to the crushing company contains a promising reef making better at the lowest level of 100 ft. The plant consists of a 10-head battery by Thompson, Castleinaine, 25-horsepower boiler, aud Westinghouse hori zontal engine. The stack is completed, and the battery' site on the head to cart is in an excellent position for tailing falls, and settling pits 40 by 15 ft. have been clayed and walled. On the Desiiable south-west block a large dam has been constructed and colors have been got ou the surface in digging out. The Desirable stone is of a very friable nature. It has split and tumbled at the surface, proved in many of the costoena. but at a slight depth the reef becomes solid, and has every appearance of permanency. -The . pros pecting shaft is a miracle of jerry mining, being about 2 ft. 6 in. square, aud the drives are as tortuous asa snake s course. In their rush after rich shoots the prospectors went past the main reef and by the side of it, and under it — particularly under it. On the line of the first prospector's reef the main shaft has cut several crpsscourses carrying: gold. The truo reef has been cut at 100 ft., and driving is now being proceeded with. North and south there has been about 130 ft. of driving done, all on the course of the reef. There is enough stone already in sight to keep a battery going for months, aud it will be found that a 20-head mill will bo required before long. The stuff now crushing at the Norseman Crushing Com pany's battery should be worth S oz. The first Desirable crushing has proved the refractory nature of the water, not the ore, for treatment. The iron freed by the crush ing adheres to the plates, and Mr, Stevenson has discovered that all shaft water from the Desirable and Three Colonies blocks contains free sulphuric acid. Heuce another problem. But the Desirable stone lias the gold equal to 3 oz. almost every ton of ifc, and it will be got out somehow. From this Desirable group will first be heard the news which will establish the Norseman as something more occasionally than a lroz. field. In only three other places iu West Australia have I seen a group which promises so well. The General Gordon line at Rough and-Tumble, 13 miles north east of White Feather, corresponds with the Boulder at Hannan's ; the Melbourne United, the Queen Margaret, and the Queen Margaret South, atI.O.U. correspond with the Great Boulder and the G eueral Gordon formations, and the Desirable aud Three Colonies group correspond in a lessor proportion with the Queen Mar garet group, some of which it most resembles in that it carries defined quartz reefp flanked by the decomposed formations which have proved so rich elsewhere. The Desirable, like most of tho good things in West Australia, has just been disposed of to the inevitable British company. 