THE CRIME OF THE "'LIZA JANE,?' Published by special arrangement w Messrs. Ward, Loci $ Bowicn, Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPIER XXIi TVHAT MARTHA FODKS, Br FERGUS HUME, Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom. Cab," " The Dwarf's Chamber," &c.; I looked at Graoe, ui he at me. The dlsoovery of that ndt of olothes teok us quite abaok, and neither of as knew exactly what te make of the matter. The olothei were quite new, and had evidently been worn only a few times. The olosest search \- oonld not discover the maker", name. It wai my Imprenlon that the anit was readymade.' Bnt why had It been hidden amengst the rooks by Magsey, and why had lb came oat of Canute Villa, wherein no man lived} I could answer neither of theie questions. " What ia yotu idea, Grace ?" I askeJ after a pause. "Ihave none. It'a beyond me," he answered, staring st the clothes. "Sir Dlgby la a little man, Fairfax. I should think these clothes wenld fit him very wen." " Admitting that he wore t'nem," said I: Boeing hi. drift, " why were thoy at Cannte VUla r " All, I oaa't wy," Graoe replied, with a certain significance, " By the way, yon say that Brnoe9iad a visitor while at Mrs Gib's 1" " Yes ; a slender man of medium height." "Humph! Cardell 1ba slender man of medium height,/ " Do you think he were the suit to ctail on Brace 1" "J de not see why he shonld dispose of thsm in tills way if he did," said Graoe, argumentstlvely. " Sorely he cirald caU en Braoe without all thia eeorsoy!" " I don't understand yon, Grace. First yon are against Cardell, and then yen are for him. Speak plainly. Do yon think he is guilty of the murder !'' "I can't say," he repeated, obstinately. "Perhaps he'll tell yon all when he oalls te-day." I think Graoe was sorry he had been the means of discovering the bundle. If this .fresh due led to the Implication of Cardell in the murder, May would sever forgive him for his share in bringing it abent. He frowned as I tied np the bundle. *• Whatue you going to -do with it 7" be asked sharply. '* Take It to my hotel, and look it np." " And afterwards f" " I shall oall on Mrs Gib." "Oh, yon wish te examine the old lady?" " No, I don't)" was my answer. " I want to examine her servant, MtrHi., who saw Brnoe'e visitor. As a Manxby girl she prsbably knows Cardell by sight, and she can say if it was he who called to see the lodger." " Yon suspect Dlgby V " No more than you do, Grace. I think he has behaved in a culpably <veak manner, as I will doubtless leam from his confession to-day ; but I oan't bring myself to believe that hi killed Braoe; particularly," I added with emphasis," when he must have known that Mrs Tyke burnt tho oertifioate, and so destroyed his nephew's claim to legiti maoy." "I'm not with you there, Fairfax,'- said Graoe, as we returned along the beaoh, I carrying the bundle under my arm. " The oertifioate can only have been a copy. The original church register mnst still exist," " That's just it. Bract did net know in which chnroh his father and mother were married. The oectificate bnrnt by Mis Tyke • Is nothing, as yon say, bnt the information it contained wenld have been nsefid to Brace, and that is why she burnt it." « All this is very well. Bui the olethes 1' "I can make nothing of the clothes—a yet," I replied signlfioantlyi " After Ihave seen Mrs Gib's, servant, I may have something to tell'yon," "Yon mean " " Nothing at present. Sere we are at the ' PHnceV WUl yon oome in ?" ' "No, thank yon. Til see you later on in the day. I'm sorry I meddled with the matter now." « Yon needn't be. It will farther, rather than hinder, your marriage," He shook Ids head and turned away without a reply, while I nut np to my room, and oarefslly put away the suit of clothes. Before doing so I examined the pockets, bnt fonnd nothing. They were'empty, whloh proved to me that the wearer of the suit had taken all precaution, to avert the chanoe of being Identified. I set out for Mrs Gib's more puzzled than ever. This fresh discevery only added to the mystery. On the way a thought flashed Into my mind whloh seemed to explain the whole matter of the clothes; but it was so monstrous, so improbable, that t oould not bring myself to believe lb Saoh things hai fiction; in real life never. 'Yet the idea held me charmed, and I harried on rapidly to Mis Gib's, in the hope ol finding it oonfirmed by Martha.- It was « glimmer of light in the of the oase, yet -for all I knew it might prove a veritable will-o'- the-wisp to mislead and betray. Mrs Gib was at home, and reoelved me in the drear; parlour, looking snore draboloured and grim than ever. She was certainly a most tuoomfortable woman, " You've oome abont them boxes,. ] s*pose, Dr. Fairfax!" she said severely. "I wish you'd buy them off me, and take them away." " Are the contents valuable?" ' " No, sir. A few suits of .clothes, seme shirti and under-linen. I think-Mr Grainger was a poor man, though he set np for being rioh. Ah," added Mrs Gib, shaking her head, n he was one given te vanity, he was.-" She insisted that I should.-examine the boxes, and led the way into the bedrsom where they stood open. As she said, then was nothing particularly valuable in them —a few suits of clothes and some linen, nothing more. However, I was jittraoted by the sight of a blue serge suit, prediely •™IIar appearance to that hidden by MBgsey. I examined it to see if the tailor's same was on it, but could find none.' «'I res what you're after," said MraGlb, with a pitying smile; "yon want to find oat who made the olothee. The out attracts yon, maybe, sir. Oh, vanity, vanity I" "At all event® the tailor ha. not pat hi. jisme upon that suit," I retorted lightly. " So he didn't think much of his work." "My husband wai a MarfrnM Mrs Gib, going on her knees and picking op-ths jacket; "and I knewdl tiieixipb of the trade, fimn tailor, put their hathes onthe tab aa hangs np tho ooot ; others hide them under the lining. See here, Doctor." 6he dexterously tuned op is pleat of the lining at the back of the neok, and there I •aw a name—"James Duke, 156 Garvay St, London." The idea flaiheA acrois me that I haft not erwnlnofl ttitpartiotdar part- of the suit I had found, and I determined te do so«Ba*soon as I got back to the hotel. It might *be that the name Was likewise Inserted there. At present I had to put off Mrs Gib, and Interview Martha. " Five pounds yon want, I believe, Mrs Gib," I said, taking out my pooket book. " That Is the amtiunt ol my bill, sir," said Sirs Gib, with sparkling eyes. " Here is a five-pound note," I replied, handing it over to her. " Yon oan send on the boxes to my hoteL" This Mrs Gib promised todo with profuse thanks, for she had. not expected to get her money: In the Interests of the law it was nrcsssaiy that the baggage of Brnoe should be in the possession of the police, and I had little doubt that -Trnmpet would reooup me for my outlay. This matter being settled, I asked to see " What do yon want with Martha?" asked Mrs Gib, in a sharp tone of disapproval. " I wish to qnestion her about this visitor tint oalMS en your lodger." " She did not see hip. Mr Grainger saw him in and out." "Pardon me," said I severely, "Martha told Ben bun that she had seen him." "Ben Lnn!" oried the landlady in a vixenish tone. "Oh, it's him, is it? Martha's a deal too free with her tongue in that quarter. Well, Dooter, you can see Martha, bnt youH get nothing out of her - she's a fool." I did not attach much weight to this, for every servant was a fool in the eyes of retpectahle Mrs Gib. When Martha made her appeannoe, "wiping her hands on her apron, I saw why she lay under the landlady 's displeasure. - She was pretty—in a countrified way—and Mrs Gib did not approve of good looks, perhaps because she had none herself. They savoured, on the prinoiple of sour grapes, of vanity. " Pot your hands behind your back, and answer Dr. Fairfax properly." said Mrs Gib severely, when thegiri was introduoed. Martha did as she was told with a frteh. ten ith ad loek on her faoe, and stood before me as prim as any school-girl Baying her lesson. " Well, Martha, I hear from Ben Lun that you saw the visitor who called on Mr Grainger?" "Yes, sir, I did." " What was he like? - ' «A thin gentleman, sir; not very taH He came twioe, and they talked together for some time. Then Mr Grainger went away with him about eleven o'clock." " When you ought to have been in your bed instead of listening," .truck in Mis Gib severely. " Was the visitor Sir Dlgby Cardell ?" I asked etgeriy. "No, sir. I have often seen Sir DIgby, as I knows a housemaid at his place, dr. It wasn't him. It was a stranger." " Did yon overhear what they said ?'' " I tried to, sir," replied Martha, with painful candour; " but they spoke in some foreign tongue. French, I think, sir. Lor', it was queer gabble T Mrs Gib groaned at the levity of this answer, and as I oould extract nothing more from Martha, I took my leave. The servant was sent te show me out; and at the door, after a glanoe over her shoulder te be sure that her ml.tress was safe, she thrnst a small object into my hand. " I dnrsn't Bpe&k; of it afore her," said Martha; "but the gentleman dropped this. I think, sir, there was som'a't queer about 'fan. He was not what he seemed." When she closed the door, whloh she did in a hurry, so afraid she was of Mre Gib, I glanoed at the object given to me, A single look confirmed the suspicions I had entertained during my walk. The discovery startled me not a little, and opened np a Sew view te the oase. " Now for Sir Digby," I thought, moving away. " He may astonish me, but what I have to tell and shew will astonish him still more." I felt that at last I comprehended the case. CHAPTER xxu. A CONFESSION. True to the minute, Sir Digby appeared in my fitting-room at five e'olook. He was pale, but composed, and greeted me with great oordiality. I knew what was passing in the man's mind as well as though he had given utterance *e hi. thonghte. - Heisimtf himself in a dilemma, brought about bythe machinations of Adelaide, and he looked to me to get him out of it. My sssodation with the ship which had picked np the oorpse, my knowledge of the clrcumitsnoes ef his nephew's death, gave him courage to confide In me, and he had come expressly te do so. A drowning will clutch-at a straw. I was Sir Digby's straw, and he clutched at me. After a few oommonplaoea about/the weather, his health, etcetera, he .poke abruptly of the subject which had brought him hither; yet he skirted round the gist of it, a. though afraid to speak openly before testing my disposition towards hint "Members of your- profession, Dostor, Often have cenfidenoes reposed in them," he said, looking directly at me. " Yes; and we regard such professional confidences aa sacred," said t, guessing ids meaning; "but in this instance your confidence has nothing io de with that seat of thing." "But you won't speak of it J!" he*xolaimed with a shiver. "So far as it oan (dear np the mystery -of your nephew's death, I am bound to -pffr of it. Sir Digby." " Still- " " Pardon me. One moment. I may -as well be oandidj se that no misunderstandings may arise. I am a medical man, it is true, but I have taken np this matter to oblige my friend, Captain James Barry, who saved my life. He desires to solve the mystery of Mb brother's death and that of Bruce. I agreed to aid him, and here I am, the accredited representative of the polioe." " Ol the police J" " Yet; ol the London police. All I learn must be reported by me to lhqieotor Trumpet, who plabBd me in oharge of the oaae. Yon oan give or withhold your oonfidenoe as yon please, Sir Digby, but I warn yen that it will be wiser to tell all. As matters now stand, you are apparently implicated in the matter," "Yon—yon dare to Mouse me of killing Bruce I" oiled he, starting bom his seat. " I do not scoase yen. I merely say that these matters; of your nephew's death at Manxby, of the disappearance of the oertifioate of marriage which was to establish his claim to your estates, are highly suspicious.- You mnct see that for yonrself." His head drooped, «nd he resumed his seat with a long-drawn sigh. The man was a moral coward, and dreaded my examination; but I saw. him braoe himself for a mighty effort, as he became aware that he had gone too far te retreat. He was in deep water, and forced to sink or swim without assistance from the shore, " I will confide In you. Doctor'Fairfax," he said at last, making np his mind i to the inevitable, "and so 'far is concerns my unfortunate nephew—for i Roknoiriedge the relationship—I give you leave to repeat my words. But aa regards anything else, whloh oan be of no nse in the oase, I must ask yon —as one gentleman to another—to be dlent." " I prondie that with all my heart," said I heartily j "you oan rely on me to assist yon to tile best of my powers; But do hot forset. Sir Digby, that in speaking to me, yon speak to the law. The phrase is grandiloquent, hut true." " I understand, Doetor Fairfax, but I am notafrSidto tell yon alllknow. Sefarai I am oonoeraed, the matter is beyond the reach of the law. I simply relate to you a miserable family history and its oonseqnences." . "Goon, sir; I am all attention." " He leaned Us arms on the table, breathing heavily, then began to speak In asiow, deliberate manner, weighing and watching tiie effect of every word. ' Hls oourage was that of desperation, and he reminded me-of-nothing bo mnoh as an animal'at bajv/ " I always bdlsved wy brother iwalter^o be a baohelor. I had hot tiie slighteai idea Oat he was married, and I can only explain Ids silence on the enbjeot by stating that, to the bat of my belief this Laura West, who called herself his wife, was a bad woman, whom -he' was. ashamed to Acknowledge before the world. He, lived without cpn» tiding in me, anil died ininy presenoe without h'rt*"r a word about:wife-or nhlld. Ton may then kubbs, F»irf»x, th»t when l suooeeded to the baronetcy, and held it without qnestion for ton years, I was astonished whea I learned the troth." _ "Who told.you 7" - " Cyrns Barry, who, I beg leave its elate, was as big a blackguard aa ever oamecut sf Ireland. He one day called en me, and explained that my brother Waltorhad left a widow and^i^aefa,now-twenty yean of age. According to him, the Bon was heir to the title and estate, while I was a poor mah. I did not believe the stoiy, whereupon Banry exhibited the certificate of marriage. Even then I thought it might have bwn forged, till he took me to the chnroh wherein the wedding had taken plaoe, and showed me tiie register." " And thi» churoh V " Was at Marlow in Berkshire. I was unwilling to give up the title and property,, as you may guess.' Fer the former I oared little, bat as to tiie latter I had made ail the money myself by leasing the estate on whloh Manxby now stands. I had earned the money, and I had the right to spend it 5 but if I had acknowledged the claim of my nephew, all would have passed to him, and I should have been left penniless." 11 Bnt your nephew might have made some provision for you?* " True, but I was unwilling to risk that, Conoelve, Fairfax," he west on in an entreating tone, " te be' plunged Into poverty at my age, especially when I had made the money. And, moreover, I knew without wealth or title, Adelaide, whom 1 love dearly, would never oonsent to be my wife. Think ef losing all I lived for at one swoop, and make excuses for me. I acted wrongly In refusing to acknowledge my nephew's legitimacy, bnt there are excuses. I stand or fall by that." He looked anxiously at me, but I declined to express an oplnlon, and merely msde him a sign to proceed. With a Utter smile he wiped his brow and oontinned— "I see you judge me harshly," he said vehemently. " Wdl, wait till you are tempted, and see how you can withstand temptation. Bnt 1 was net wholly -had, Fairfax; I had compunction ; I felt remorse. Yes I When Barry offend to suppress all about the msniage, an d to qdet Grainger, or rather Brnoe, for a sum of money, I refused to pay hlm blackmaU." " Did Barry do that ?" •'I assure yon he made me the offer not only enoe, bat twios or thrice. He was to bunithe ceitifioate, and to assure my nephew that he was illegitimate, and had no claim. As Brnoe did not know the churoh wherein tho marriage was performed he could do no' thing. Only Barry knew, and he promised to hold his tongue for eight thousand pounds." "Theseoundrd. Bnt I cannot understand why he should have made you the offer. He would have got more from Braoe." . " That's the point," said Cardell eagerly, "Adelaide was then engaged-toBruce, and had he oome into the title die-would have married him. Bury was in love with her and wished to keep the title from Bruce so that Adelaide should not became tiie wife of my nephew, Yon understand? n Partly 1 Bnt as yon were also in' love with Miss BraMne, and held the title which attracted her, 1 don't see that Baity did any good to himself by letting you keOp the wealth." He did net knew at the time that I was In love with her," explained Cudell quickly ; " I held my tongue abont that, and so did Adelaide. I am not defending her. She is worldly and bad, bnt she dominates me by her beauty , and although I know her Imperfections I am still willing to many her. Barry thought his only rival was Brace, aad he hoped to stop his chanoe by destroying the oertifioate, provided I paid him tight thousand pounds. On that, no doubt," added Cardell sarcastically," he intended te marry Adelaide." "Then you were engaged te her?'' " Only after Barry's death. Yon know he was murdered at an anarbhlstio meeting in Hyde Park by Brace. After that Adelaide broke off her engagement with .my nephew, and became engaged to ice." "She transferred her affection easily," I said satirically. " I have said that she is worldly," replied Cardell in a cold tone. " She loves wealth end power; I can give her both; hence her willingness to marry me." "And you take her at that prioe ?" " I do. Look how beautHnl she is, hew brilliant, how fitted to shine I She has made me mad, and she can do with me what she will." I oonld Bo&roely; forbear commenting on this ignoble sentiment, bnt wisely held my tongue. To my mind Cardell was a despicabla'-isdividiLaI,'bht it Was' not my plaoe to jijdge him, so I wag silent, and reverted to the confession. " Prior to Barry's death you had refused te pay him the eight thousand pounds }" " Yes; and I waited In daily expectation of a lawyer's letter announcing that Braoe claimed the estate! J" " Yon knew your nephew as Grainger ?' " Yes; by Barry's ad vioe. as I afterwards learned, he had assumed that name, so that I oonld hot traoa him out and make terms. I knew I could oust Bury if I oonld see Brace-; therefore Barry kept him out of my way by the feigned name. I met Grainger, as he called himself, onoe or twioe st the Curtain Theatre. I knew he was engaged to Adelaide, bnt net till after Bary*a death did I know that Grainger was mynephew." " Who told yon ?" " Yen did the ether night. Adelaide in. formed me that she had broken off the" engagement with Grainger on aeosunt of his orimCf She knew him as Braces I believe, but she did not toil me his real name. Only when you spoke did I leant that-Braoe and Grainger wen ene and the same person, and that he was the man who had been murdered at Manxby." " Yon did sot oall en Brnoe here ?" " No ; nor did he make any attempt to "Did yon know he was In Manxby f' "Not till Mrs Bannister spoke of the murder. Then I' recognised my nephew from her description. Ho had very red hair and extraordinarily long moustaches. After dinner I made enquiries before I came into the drawingroom, and heard that the murdered man had stayed at Mis Gib's at Grainger. Then I knew it was my nephew" " Did Mill Erskiue call and see Brace ?" " Not to my knowledge.'" \- •• Well then, Sir Dlgby," said I leisurely, " I oan tell yon from my own, that she oalled on him twice." The jealous light flashed into his eyes on the instant, and he looked forisus; " Why did she call and see him ?" «I cant say." " Was she not recognised J" " No," I csld quickly ; " she was too wdl disguised." " Disguised I" he said, with unfeigned astonishment. Yes; de yon see thb hairpin? The socalled gentleman who visited Brace droj it in the halL Martha, the servant, pii it ap and gave it to me. This morning I found a suit of serge clothes whloh were bidden by Miss Enskine's lister on the beaoh. Put this and that together, Sir Dlgby, and yon will see, as I do, that Miss Grsklne twioe visited Brnoe at Mrs Gib's, diguised as a man. What do you think of that?" I said triumphantly. He did net know what to think, bnt stammered inooherently— "Adelaide—disguised as a man! Brnoe —love Oh 1 tiie infamous creature I" CHAPIER AS THE CASK NOW STANDS, Yes, it was a halrpla that Martha had picked up. It did hot belong to herself or te Mis Gib; no lady had called on Braoe ; and, moreover, it had been found in the hall, which only that 'morning had been thoroughly swept out. Heuoe th. argued that Mr Braos's visitor was a lady disguised in male attire. Bdng agid ef great common sense, she kept her stupiolons to herself until she oonld verify them j and on the next occasion she took paitloolu notice of the guest With that keen instinot whloh never deoeives a woman, she had satisfied herself of-the -truth, and- thus she became aware that Mr Bruce was a wicked young man, who received visits from a disguised lady. . . Assured of this, her first idea was to take Mri Gibs -Into her oonfidenoe; but- aware that she snlght be enable to substantiate her statement-otherwise than by the hairpin, she hesitated-to speak. Then Brnoe disappeared, and not knowing what might happen, she thought It wiser to hold -her tongue. Oh'my visit te Mre Gib,~~ehe'llstened at-the keyhole, being devoured by eude*tty,'andlhen leamed that'Bruce had 'been murderfcd. Adread«f belng ImpUoated with "tha polioe held her silent, tillon iny seoohd Msttandinterrogatieh ehecould no knger-^eeptiie eecret, .She then confessed, wtih fchsiefiult that I pleOed thlr •aid that fagether/and determlned that Adelaide fcad visited Braoa in tods' attire. -: What was the singer's reason fsr thls strange behaviour? She wasncft in love *rith Brnoe, she oould not be « after bis dartsxflly «rlme; she was aware that he knew sot of the churoh wherein his mother had-been married, and therefore he oould notohht Sir Digby from the estates; bo why she should visit a discarded lever from whom she had nothing to gain was beyond my comprehension. Only the lady herself oould explain this whim. It was my Impression that Braoe iad killed Barry, not as a delegate of an anarohlitio sodety, > but beoaosa Barry, for Adelaide's love, had- played his last card, and had refused to tell Brnoe the truth. Doubtless the quarrel overheard by Old Jane had been on the subject of the oertifioate^ of Bruoe'e legitimacy, and the euo cession to the estates. Then, as I surmised, Barry had taunted the wretched young man with the news that he also loved Adelaide and intended to marry her, and that new fonnd Brace was Illegitimate, -she wanld break off the engagement with him. 1 had little doubt that -this last drop caused Brnoe's cup to overflow; that all these tilings working together led him to oommlt the crime. That he had carried out his purpose in pnblio, was for his own safety, as he hoped thereby to throw the blame on the anarohlsts, and so mislead the polioe. How far Adelaide was responsible for the deth I was unable to say, but I firmly believed that she was morally if not legally culpable. By her vanity she had inflamed the hearts ef the two men ; she had turned their friendship into bitter enmity; and by seeking wealth and title.ahe had brought about the catastrophe. Only in this way eould I aooount fer the "frenzy whloh led Brnoo to murder the man who held his fortune in his hands. So far, so good, but it now remained to find out why Adelaide had visited Braoe at Manxby ; to discover what had brought him' there; and to learn, if possible, how far she was responsible for this second tragedy. Remembering the savage way in whloh the poor creature had been murdered; the ooldblooded manner in whloh the corpse had been laid in the boat and sent adrift,'I oonld not believe that a woman oonld have planned and aooompli^ed so difficult an enterprise single- handed, She most have had an aooomplioe, but who he, or she, might be I oonld not think, I say "she' 1 because it abhok me aa probable' that Mrs Tyke had taken an aotive part In the affair. From all that I had heard of her, she was a wicked old creature, who would-hesitate at nothing to secure the aggrandizement ofher daughter. Both she and Adelaide were .determined women of so common order, resolute and dangerous) so it was sot beyond- the bounds of reason that they bad invested, acd carried out, the barbarous plot whioh had resulted in Brnoe's death. My theory was this—Adelaide in disguise, fer the more effectually escaping the ooseequenoe of her contemplated crime, bad inveigled Brnoe ; on to the beaeh" at midnight on the oocanos of the sccond visit. There, in the lonely darkneeB, the mother had awaited her daughter and victim, and between the two they had slain Bruce, tied him in the boat of Ban Lun, then taking another craft they had roweJ out to sea. Setting the 'Liza Jane adrift with her ghastly burden, they had returned, to vanish like ghosts of the night. The only point thBt puzzled me was, that I oonld not think two women, however barbarous, oould have the heart to strip a ooipee nude. Doubtless they might have done so to prevent identification, but the idea was so horrible that even they must have reooiled from each an extreme measure, And again! What woe the motive of the orims ? The certificate was destroyed, Brnoe was ignorant; bo the two had no reason to desire his d-ath nnlfS3—and here comes in the main paint—Brnoe could implicate Adelaide with himself in the murder of Barry. If he could hkve brought her in as an accomplice, I had little doubt but what he would do so, if only to prevent her marrying CardtU. The savage and daring murder of Bany showed me wbat Bruce was- Despairing of getting title, wea'th, or the woman be loved, terrified at the shadow of the gallows which lowered over him since the tragedy of Hyde Park, it was not inconceivable that be had threatened Adelaide to give himself np and denounce "her'share In the crime. If this were so, it would supply a strong motive for the murder o! Brace, and l oonld think of no other reason why the tragedy should have been designed. Cardell, assured of Adelaide's visit to her old lover, departed with rage in his heart, and a firm determination to break off his engagement Bnt I bad doubts whether he would do so, for the woman was so conning and the man bo weak, that I guessed the apahot. She would invent a plausible etory, which he wenld believe, or feign to believe, and then, his jealousy set at rest for the time bang, things would progress ia the old fashion. Adelaide was too clever a" woman to be daunted by mischance, when in eight of the prise for whioh she had worked so hard, and schemed so evilly. She knew that she was dealing with a fool, and would act aoooidingly. . Meanwhile, to convince myself of her guilt, I examined the olothes, looking for the maker's name in the place indicated by Mrs. Gib. There it was sure enongh— " James Duke, 1S6 Garvay Street, London." She had borrowed the rait off Brace, or she had bought them off the same tailor. To settle this punt, whioh was particularly important, I wrote an account of my discovery to Trumpet, and asked him to find out if the suit had been purchfieed in Garvay Street, as I suspected. After despatching thejletter, Irestedawhile frommy labors, and-waited for the next event. Iehrewdly suspested it would be connected with Adelaide. In this I was wrong, as no immediate result was occasioned by CsrdeU's anger. He did not come sear me aftsr that visit; but two days passed; and I received a call from Grace. His faoe waB flushed and his eye sparkled j henoe I argued that he had rectived good news. Nor was I wrong in my surprise, > Ho was in the hlghestepirits, and acquainted me with their oause without delay. "It's all settled. Doctor," said he, after we had shaken hands, *' Whatf Sourmarriage f "No. I have not got 60 faras that yet. But Adelaide Erskiso-—" Cardell "Ah, after I see. all." She is not to beoome Lady "You might have guessed that after your communication' to Cardell," said Oram, smiling. n Y<si I know alL Sir Digby told me yesterday, and he worked bimtwlf up into a tremendous rage. Then he -went off to Canute Villa to call on the fair Adelaide." "And there and then broke it off t" " I should think so. He oame back and told May in my presence that he was sot going to many Mies Eratine, and that her same was sot to be mentioned again, by either of us." « And May?" "Oh, sh9 ktosedher father,and congratulated him on hia esoape. I don't think that pleased him," added Grace, dryly. «I should think sot! The more boss he is still is love with her." Oh, rubbish! After her conduct ia visiting Bruce dressed as a man, he would not think of marrying her." "I'm not eo sure ef that," I answered reflectively. '" He knew before, that Adelaide was a.bad lot, and still loved her. Theepisoie makes very little difference. My advice to you, Giaca.is to engage jourseif to Miss Cardell at onoe." "Whyf Ia there any particular hurry.f" Only this—that Cardell is so infatuate! with Adelaide's beasty, and she has such power over him, that is a few weeks she will be forgiven and her follies forgotten." "I dost think Cardell will be such a fool." "I do. He is mad abont the woman. Ton had better get engaged." "I will if I can,"said Grace rnafolly. I hinted to May that ahe might sow fulfil her prolnise, as the mairiage was broken •off; but she did hbt xespond so readily aa I thought she would have done;" "Give her time; give her time, Graoe." " Why, just Sow yon said there was so time to beloat." ." Well, manage ityonrown way," Ieiid, womed'by his perfl£acity; ."but I cm tell yon one thing, Adelaide Eralane wtU be . Xiidy Cardell after aD," ' w . r? 1 have my doubts abont that/' replied Graoe dryiy, "and my suspicions about her." - • .. . - - - " . .; •••-. <• WhattusjplcionsF" -' •• "Yon know well enough, Fairfax, Why did she visit Braoe In t&qpilie; f" "I oan't eay. But I see what you """Do you think she ii guilty ef the crime ?" naked Graoe abruptly. " ThaV' (aid I •* no one can answer at present. It all depends on Mrs Tyke." (To be Contfnwd.) 