CRICKE f . WABADGRRY V. RIVERINE HALT HOLIDAY. (By ' The Scorer.' WrarailgPry cricketers having defeated tbe Hu-y lads met the Riverine HnU- Holiday club on Wednesday afternoon with the expectation of easily defeating them as they did 'ast season. To their great surprise they find they have walked into a hornet's nest To their credit the Half-Holiday b«\ys&re; not easily cowed, and take defeat with the sterling manliness thub should be shown in all outdoor -games. This season uiL-y nave got ufgciuer a team tiutu win take a lot of wiping out and will also get hack some of the spoils lost in former season, Both Harrison and Uriea^re a great acquisi tion, the former is a sterling hat and by the way he played the Waradgery bowling with such ease and grace, I predict, that he will be premier batsmen of the three clubs ; of the other player ( Brien) hardly so much can be fttid, still he is a good havd hitter, and phiys a bull well. We must ail recognise that in T. Muir (of football fame) the Half Holidny club has ft fieldsman of a high quality ; he made two catches in the after noon, one in the long 6e)d, the finest catch Reen on the Ovnl for many a day, the per formance may Iiavc been equalled but hardly surpissed. The rest of the players are old identities and more or less impro red Before the match commenced, on paper, the Waradgery seemed the superior team, but like horse racing form counts nil, tnore especially in regard to the Waradgery Cricket Ululi, who as a rule are very erratic in everything, bar sociality. I believe with a good wicketke^per the Riveriue Half Holiday would down both the other clubs, aa it is they may loose the premiership on that account. The weather was fine, but windy, and a good number of ladies watched the game most attentively, and I fancy enjoying the downfall of Waradgery, and the splendid stand of Kvans and Harri-on. Annitage won the toss, and sent the Half Holiday hoys out to field. Pollard should have been out second liall, giving an easy chance behind the wickets, also another one later on ; he made top score 26- Cross 15, Billon 17, l*earuc (not out) 18, were the only ! ones to get into double figures. Four bats men made a duck apiece, the innings closing , with a total of 97. Elliott aud Evans opened proceedings on helmlf of Riveriue Half- Holiday club, and a | very auspiciows opening it was. Ia the first over Evans lifted one of Pollard's clean over the fence for 5, but in the next over, Gibb howled Elliott off his pad, without scoring. Then came the play of the afternoon, Harri : sou joined Evans, uud those present were treated to some excellent cricket ; both batsmen played every ball well, scoring off j every over, the partnership accounting for | 49 runs when Evans was uuiuckily run out. Brien knocked up 15 iu* a few minutes, nnd when Harri&on; had soaped 29 he was caught well by A. Tyson, the on y chance he gave. 1 ; Th* Half-Holiday have five out for 82. The I match will be continued next Wednesday, 1 and play should start at half-past two, not I three o'clock, as it didon Wednesday last-. I THE play. I Gihb and Pollard were the first two bats* | men to do honor for their cluh. the howling being entrusted to Reid and Evans, who bowled throughout the innings. Pollard should have been taken by Harrison (wicket keeper) second ball, he scored two 4's in tbe i same over. Gibb played three balls off Evans first over, when he was beat and re tired without scoring. I — 0—8. Austin, a country cricketer, who may shine yet to more advantage, filled the vacancy, scored one when Reid disturbed his stumps. 2— I'- ll. Cross next man, played a good careful game, made 15, made up of two 4's, two 2's and three singles, when Reid also bowled him. 3 — 15—35. Dillon partnered Pollard ? and p'nyed well until he had scored 17 ! ...h..,. l.-.D|onna^A..^A «... _? .J I aud retired. 4-17-61. Then followed a succession of downfalls, A. E. Tyson coming first, lasted just as long as it took the ball to reach his wicket after being delivered* 5—0 — 61. Addicoat following, lasted the rest of the over, when he lifted one of Evans' out to rails, but was splendidly caught by T, Muir. 6 — 0—62, Armitage, the skipper was next, Muir also caught him before he scored ; three ducks in succession. 7 ? 0 — 62\. Pearce partnered Pollard, but the partnership was short, as io protecting his head he sent the ball up, Darchy (sub.) i holding on to it, and disposing of the Warad gery champion, who had compiled a very careful 26 ; as Pollard carried his bat out in the other two innings he has a nice average of once out for 110. 8—26—63. E. Giob joined Pearce, and they brought the score to 77. when Brew cleverly caught him oft Reid. 9 — 6 — 77. F. Meakes, last man, scored five, but lasted long enough to fetch the total to 97, Pearce playing a oot-out innings for 18. Reid bowled well through- | out, getting the splendid average of 8 '3, still it should have been better, as no leas than three easy catches were miased off hia bowling. Evans with an average of 9.1 bowled very erratic, and should have been punished more as he bowled mostly to leg. Elliott and Evans were the first to face tbe muBic, or at least the trundling of Pol lard and Gibb. Evans took strike and ; lifted Pollard's fifth bsllfor five, clean over the fence. Evans scored one off Gibb's first bill, the next ball bowling Elliott off his pad. Harrison was the next oa the scene, j and soon made things merry ; both he and Evaus scoring off every ball. At 29 Addi coat relieved Pollard without any result, and at 47 Armitage took Gibb's place as trundler ; still runs came, until Evans, too anxious to score was run oat, the blame was on his side as he called Harrison ; he made 30— two 5's, one 4, one 3, two 2's, and the rest singles. 3—30—55. T. Callaway fol lowing, scored 3 when Addicoat sent him home. 3 — 3—62. Brien filled tbe vacancy, and hit out with lome brilliancy and care fulness, and got together 15, consisting of one 4, two 3'e, two 2's and one single, when Austin caught him off Gibbs. ' 4—15—82. Reid partnered Harrison, but io the same over Harrison gave Tyson a hard chance which he took advantage of, thus disposing of a very fine batsman ; he made 29 without giving a ghost of . a chance, 5—20—82. Sadler joio'ed Reid and' they Bcored a single apiece when thq^fitampfl.wer* ddi&rii;^ Following Ar^be.jporcg;£ Waradgery— First Innings. Gibb, b Evans .. ,, o Pollard, c sub. b Evans ..26 Ansttn,-b field .. l Gross* o Beia .. .. .,16 Dillon, b Held .... M , .-.17 tfysoo. b Bold .. .. ,, o Addicoat, o T. Hair, A Brans ..0 Armitage, c T- Muir, i- Evans .. .. 0 Pea roe, not out . . . . . . 18 E. Gibb, o Brew, b Beld .. 6 Meakes, b Bead .. .. .. fi Sundries .. .. g ToUl .. .. .. 07 Bowling Analysis,— Reid SI runs, 0 wirts., 181 talis, ; avenge 8.8 ; Evans 87 runs, 4 wkts, 126 balls, avce. 0.1 1 Btverine Half-Holiday — First ^ Innings. ?*. 1 Elliott, b W. Gibb V« Evans, runout *-?. .. ?? 80 Harrison, o Ty*on, b Gftb jjj T. Callaway, bAddloost .. .. g j Brien. c Austin, b Gibb ..15 I J. Rem, not out .. .. .. 1 G. Sadler, not out .. ... j Sundries .. ,, .. J five wickets for .. ,, W 