iTHE^GENERAL’S $' STORx. Was I ever really frightened ^ Mm0'iinrd thooghnot in the field. ^ b"Sairl fightiDg, as yon know, but allude to was the closest “haVc I ° ^'time. I was stu,lying law in Now York One day as I sat in my office wnhng, the pos^ man brought me a neatly-folded enve 1 ing my address. As I tore it open a famt odon of perfume Jled the room. The contents of : the letter, as near as I can renumber, follows :— - Dear Friend,-Call *is evening at eight o’clock. I wish to see yon on somo very particular business. Do not fail mo. ^ g. To say that I was much surprised at tho in vitation is a mild description of iny feeung . had known the writer only a few ^as. she was what Dickens would call a young lady, and I was a mere hoy, our into course bud naturally been very What “ particular business > she wished t me about passed my comprehension. I y of the matter »ll the afternoon without comm* to nuy reasonable conclusion. However, young and curious, and at the appointed set out for the place indicated in the letter* with n nervous band pulled the door-oeu. After waiting fora few moments I heard 100 steps approaching. The door wos noiseless y opened, and Miss Sandys stood before mo. making a gesture to indicate silence. out her bond she led me through the ball to a small room which was enshrouded, as wastuc hall itself, in the deepest darkness. . In a whisper she tuld me why she wished to consult me. *♦ My sister,” she said, “ is about to run away to-night to get married. Father is bitterly opposed to the match ; he is a very violent-mat), and keeps a pistol on his table before him in tlis next room vowing to shoot my sister’s, lovrt n lie dares to enter the house. iVe think h« sus pects that this is the night appointed for tue marriage, and is prepared to execute his pur pose.. .Wo have done all we could to paedy him, but in vain. He is in a terrible'rage.1’ “ But, my dear Miss Sandys,” I said in some perturbation, “ what has all this to do wilt “ We may need your protection ; I told sistei I felt sure we could rely upon you.” “ You are very complimentary. It seerae tc rati, however, that in family matters, a straugcr Bhould not interfere.” •* Oh, we dou’t consider you a stranger, Mr. Stanton! I am sure you will not refuse t< oblige us. Hush—I hear papa moving. Kccj perfectly still .in this room until I call you.” Thus saying she noiselessly disappeareit, lo>tviug me to my own reflexions, which were not, us may well be supposed, very pleasing. . . I could hear the heavy fooisteps of the I:cm ol; the family as he paced unceasingly about the next room. I could hear the deep inn!tar ing of lit? wrath as he called down malediction! ou tho head of his prospective sou-in-law. As the time passed Ids words became blt-nded to gether, indicating that he had been drinking heavily, and once or twice be htuggered violent ly against the door, almost breaking into tlit room in which I sat. “He will certainly burst the door open,” 1 said to myself ; *'he will mistake me for Brown, and before he discovers his error 1 shall ho slain and then it will ba too late for me to prove my identity. I shall have died the death or a sup posed burglar.” Several tiroes I made up my mind to stej out of the room aud escape ; but the footstep of the infuriated father sounded dangeroudj near ; I was unacquainted with the holts atic and lock by which the front door was fastened, ami did not think it was possible to remove then without making noise enough to start my vigil ant neighbour on my track. Hnw long I continued wrapped in my own un comfortable reflections 1 do not know. , H seemed to be au age. I could almost bear my heart beat in the sombre stillness of that tlarl room, but the ceaseless tramp continued, anc tho hours rolled on until I was in dtspair, anc the conviction forcod itself ou my mind that 1 should never get out of that house alive. A* last I heard the rustling of a woman’s dreat near me. and tho noise in tho street of a pass ing carriage, which appeared to stop near. Tkei a female voice said :— “ Wo are all ready. Make no noise, aiw follow mo.” Silently, and as quick as possible, she led me to the hall door,where the younger Miss Sandyi tremblingly stood. The bolls wore drawn, tin key was turned in the lock, and in a second w« were in the street, where Mr. Brown’s caxnagi awaited us. • . For a man weighing two hundred and utvi pounds Brown displayed a wonderful amount o! activity. In less than two seconds h« had jump ed from liia neat, kissed his prospective wif* fifty times at least, lifted her boiUlj.Jrom-.thi_ sidewalk and plpced heron the scat beddo him. Miss Sandys aud I quickly followed, and n» time was lost in leaving the dangerous vicinity Fresently Mr. Brown, who seemed to bo of; facetious turn of mind, introduced a new phasi in the elopement. Addressing himself pointed ly to me, whose acquaintanceship he had jus* formed, he remarked “Come, Stanton. Sarah and mysulf aro goin^ to get married, and it is a good time for y0V Hnd May to follow suit. "What do you think a the idea ?” “ Oh, Dick, don’t!” giggled Miss Saudya “ We never deeathed of such a thing when wi started. We only want to see you ami ^aral '* safely through. Isn’t that all, Mr. IStantou i” she coquet!ishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful boy of v IS! How could I affront the young lady by refusing her hand ? Aud yet I felt I could ua many her ; better tho revolver from which J * had just escaped than that ! . • Fortunately for ran. Brown did all the talking ami now ceased urging the matter until th.* carriago stopped at the minister’s residence ' where wo nil alighted. Just before we ascend ed the steps ho turned a round and delivered hi: parting admonition :— “ Now as flocu as the minister completes tin ceremonies in one case, you and May can step forward and take our places, aud in a few mt> m'ents you will both be made happy for He Don’t bo afraid ; it will be all right !” I suppose the man was jokiug; he saw nj trepidation, and wished to have a little fun a! my expense. But to me the matter was a g] s reality. I have never been sentenced to c»j»i d punishment, but I know I experienced, wt (i ascending those steps, the exact sensations c t man who,is about to mount the scaffold, a id sees, for the first time, the rope by which h« u • to" be executed. I remember how ray Iirfc trembled, and feel convinced I looked as wi h as ghosts are said to look,although I have neiT seen one. ■ "** Side by side Miss May and I follow^ed Brt and his prospective bride to the minister’s stut§ The solemn words were pronouuned whq nutted them for ever, and era they were end I made up my mind to escape before it was } late. The door being left open 1 retreated baste without the formality of a farewell, i never stopped running until 1 reached myf| What Miss Sandys thought of my flight!^ not know, as 1 never saw her afterward neither can I divine her motive iu placing^ who was almost a stranger to her in such ait mg position. Yes, I plead guilty to hii.iL made a cowardly retreat at least once Ijnjfj life; an.I yet—would any of you havqj] braver ? 