op |ydn£7;' By J. D. HENNESSEY, , Author. of 44 Tile Bis-Honorable,' Wynnura.' ' An Australian, Bush Track,' etc.) ?.[Ail Rights Reserved CHAPTER! VI, ! MISTAKEN FOE A GHOST. There comes a time ;tp most men when the fact that they are old becomes a new and unpleasant reality to them. But it is impossible for such tt- Understand the paihful feelings which fill the mind of amah who has passed abruptly from youth to age. Its effects upon me were to embitter my whole nature and create in mean utter hatred for Be Vere. I set myself at once to trace his move ments having followed him to B ? , Iknew that t would be easy enough to discover his place of residence. Looking : ever some files cf the Abgus I was relieved, however, from any further search' in Melbourne, for there, as plain as could.be, was the name of Harold De Vere among the departures for Brisbane. He had evidently made no effort to conceal his movements or disguise his name. He had left about a fortnight after our meeting. I chuckled fiercely when I found that he ; was moving further north. . He's getting away from civilization,' I muttered to .. myself, ' and will the more easily fall into my hands.' I never counted the possible consequences to myself ; there are cir cumstances under which a man's life may become of no value to him, and besides to destroy such a man as De Vere, I argued, would be a benefit to humanity ; only one who had bartered himself to the Evil One could possess, such powers as he had. I reached Brisbane, and found as I had expected that he was a visitor with Sir Gordon Bassett-: but I also fpund to my surprise that Lord Alfred Burr ?was there too. There was possibly some pre arranged plan,: I thought, with Bassett that ac counted dor the .meeting Arid how fortune suddenly favored me in a most remarkable mariner, and -unexpectedly- gave me the opportunity that I had planned for and desired. I was waiting for a train at -the Melbourne street Railway Station one after noon, when an old man, but vigoious and active, suddenly stopped in front of me, and stared full in my face with pverv indication of surprise, 4 Good God !' he at ? last ejaculated, 4 it's old Squire Gunnery!' The man's face grew white, and- I . believe he would : have fallen, but that .1 reached out my hand and ' dragged him to a seat. He had mistaken me fur my grandfather ! ... 4 Old man,' I said, 4 whoever you are, you once ?Rved at Church Gonsett.' As 1 spoke to him he Shrank'ftom me as from a demon, and his teeth fairly chattered -in his head. ; ? Who are you ?' I asked. ' - : ! ?Don't yoii knowme ?' be said , 4 No,', I answered ; never saw you in my life Before that I kpow or. ' , ; i then; you cannot be -him,' he replied, ? Sdokin^ at me 'eagerly, -but with a sigh of relief. ! I' asked soihe farther questions,1 but. -could get i&othing; more oat of the men. . He moved away ; to another seat. but I determined not to lose sight of bim; He knew that 1 was a Gunnery, and. cou'd only have become possessed, pf, that. fact by having known and been familai: with, my grand- j father. . I resolved to know' more .about biro, ;81? ' went to 'the booing office and secured ,a ticket ' for vthe terminus station on the line' the pekt train .was to travel upon. I would get outat whatever 'station this 'man alighted. The mere factofhint knojving myname ' was sufficient to upset all-'my i 'plans. -? The train ran on. for nearly an, hour in the ^direction of the shores, of Moreton Bay, stopping i &t; :af number -of stations fit route. - The mati ait ; .last .alighted, when ! at once followed. ; 4 What is it yon want 'with me ?' he asked in a 1 Siarsh tone of voice, as I eaught him up, . , 4 1 waut.to drilyoii no harm,' I answered..4 but Ijou seem to, know more about an ancestor of mine jfhan I could, wish, and I must'have sometaik with 1 ? 'Who in; the devil's name are you ?' he' said, turning shafply- around. '-J ; - 4 The grandson of the Squire Gunnery that you knew at Church Conpett,.' I.-answered. : ,, ? That can't be,' he' said. 4 Mark Gunnery, the son of the present squire, is net more than about thirty, and you: arenas, old as:I ami1, : 4 Never mind, 1 replied, whatl have told you is fhe-truthi' But lead on'; I am -criming with you : ?'lor an hour's conversation. ' ;1 Why. can't we have, St here J1; ; .. u;ij ''Bfivepsip It's i. not convenient.. I hare some „ thing tp toll, you that- it m ight . be best . tor. your , tmn cake fp^jigp tp.'.sgy .wbpre^ there,; 1bjh- pos- : qur.being ov'erLeattl]' ' , Tt was a. random 1 * Bbpt; but eyideptly' told for \ he Wiiiked oh without . :vhrf/--:l!w^iin/',i'ih(Si^ht'' to taysfelf, ' ' has driine febmething.lhat' my grandfather was - ' i-wareof, and' w)riobbe wishes to forgot.' \- ' ' it was' getting dark as he -stopped' &t; a cottage \- aesidencn abbveia 'sheltered cove of one of the ? mfany bays which are , enclosed within - that stretch of water known as Moreton Bay-'.^ good , sized sailing boat rode at anchor a short distance off 'tbe'£b6re;-midTtt'rowingboat'was-drawn-up-under a boat-house. There was a trim garden and small , orchard, (with' two ..or three . small paddocks and stable,. and,, the ; general ; surroundings betokened j the twside^fjj of a man' ,iba' gomfoj^able' way.' 'of * Turning the latch, he let us into a room com . fortably furnished, with the table set for tea. A ' '!idark bariilsbriie igirl,- of -four of five arid twenty, c entered hlmOstatiithe same - tinieiropi, .another door. . i, ? ? ? ? . -, ,. ... 4 You're baek again, father,' she Said.in a not unm'j sical voice. . n- v- -i..- 4 Yes! Sis,' he answered pleasantly, 4 arid have broiight a visitor witli'mC, wkorYdafe'khy, will, not oojeet to a cup of tea. : If you bring itin we 'Wotf'tftpuble you further.'! -: ;«;',Thejmah, seemed more inclined to be friendly, so i made no renmTk,»nd 'determined to. take the phjffered -'mfal with him. ? ---? ? - . |,4 Noyii, ' said T.' after he had somewhat appeased ids appetite, J. I.hava told you who I am. . Who are you ?' ? * Well, if you must know,' he answered, 4 my ' ^SSj^inJickBllSkTnSfir'^ — . ? _ ? ! „ 4Abi'.?aid I,/ vou have .relatives still living at^ (. 1 1 I - 1 ft i j ^ Hi4. Arid, eixcusBmei.J'riu.- wp 4he; JUick ;Blackmsnn! that about fifty years ago was t ran: rotted for 'a poachiug affair V 4 You're rjght agaiq/ he said , * no.w yvhainext? . , 1, paused and looked at Blackmanri, ' arid 'then came to. a rapid decision. It woUld adiatitagfe trie to take sotrieone familar With the place Bnd:people into my confidence.. Tfiere were palpable reasons why this should be the, man. . His. face contained that which suggested that he' might be (rusteii with a secret;' Therei~are',8ome'men whose own history, makes it .^nexpedienj; ^r, thgm. to„jreveal another's bftcret'OrierimeVl'*Tlierii 'knew me, and 1 him. 4 Dick Blackmann. I said, 4 1 am going to take you into my [confidence. 1 don't want to ask anything more about ybu. Probably you hbld a good position in ' this place, : 1 and have - -well - inigh forgotten the. troubles of your, early, days. - . . What ever I know of your past histriry is a matter between ourselves.' The man made ati impatient gesture, but I stopped him from speaking 4 1 suppose that you were going to say you don't care what 1 know, etc., but hear me out. I have too much, on my hands to be concerned about you, or anything that was between you and my grandfather; but yorr knowledge of this place and : its people may be of service to me. To that extent you must help me, Blackmann ' He was filling a short pipe with tobacco, and neither looked up nor made reply. I could not help watching him a moment. It was not actually a bad face that the man had. It gave the impres sion of one that, was, older than he looked. He was, I judge, cold and hard by nature, and vet by no means incapable of a generous action or kindly deed when his better self was arouse i. Physically, bis . strong, well knit frame seemed capable of much endurance. ; 4 I have reasons for not wishing to be known here,' I continued. ' Not that there's much fear of thAt,* I said bitterly, as I recalled my premature age. Blackmann caught the tone of my voice and looked curiously. . ' Do you see that band ?' I asked, putting my right hand across the table. 4Does it match my face ?' 4 Put your own besid? it, man.' 1 Mine has. hai to work,' he said, as he looked at his shrivelled, ^inewy fingers. 4 Yes ; but that'hus not made the difference,' I answered warmly ; 4 some cursed sorcery has made me an old man within two months ; changed me so that my bosom friend cbuld not recognise me, and the man that did it added this to a previous injury. 4 He's in Brisbane, and I've come, up here. to reckon with him. He's staying with Sir Gordon Basrett.' ' I suppose it's thai friend of Lord. Alfred EuTr' s rou are referring to,' said Blackmann. ' . ' 4 It is.' _ . 4Weli,. 1 can tell you something about liim:' -?-- With some advice and assistance from Black-, xnarin, who I found to be n well-known1 citizen, whose doubtful antecedents had but very slightly :interfered with a successful colonial career. I was introduced to Sir Gordon Basset as. a Mr. Vernon on the look-out for a good. station property for my two sons. The metamorphose was complete, -and as Mr. Vernon I became familiar' with both' Harold-Be -Vere and Lord Alfred Burr. There ,must.have ? been something, however, iu. my., mapner wMpb unconsciously to. some extent revealed iny inner self to De Vere, for notwitstafiding rill my -eautabn and apparent 'friendliness,! felt that he ^distrusted me. . ? . i J- . ,! ; : ... : . We .actually, spent. a lortnight . together inspect ing -one of Bassets's stations on the Maranoa, for at riiy suggestion . both ' Lord Alfred' lirid De -V ere accoiripaniad us, biit never through those oays of bush journeying .could I- get him alone, and. ,at ^.disadvantage. : Not that. he in any iyay reoog mised me ; , that was , impossible, for' voice, feature, handwritiiig. ovevythuig about' me was altered.' I had during this tiihe made ' the - most careful search: for Beatriee -aa'd Violet, and at last becaine satisfied that they vrere ,npt resident any where iti IBrisbane; .WhyDeVerepfotracted'his stay I could riot guess. 'He tallied 'of visiting N orth Queeusl arid and Java, returning by' the British India' route1 to England. But still he' stayed, as though conscious of some watch upon, hi}, inoyenjpnts, or fear of impending evil, -Scarcely an hour of the night ot .'day but hfe was 'shadowed .by some 'agrint of my iOwn.' Before pUiiishing him, T-would fain -.have .discovered, .through' him,. Something of those I. ?SPUght..: *i; ? ? ?4 Mr. Vernon, 'said Sir Gordon Bassttt to me one .niomiiig as T 'riiet hini in' 'the'. Queensland Club. ' We 'aire' arranging a' few daysshoritiug i down the bay will you malie one .of the party ? .WowUI pun :jiown in the yacjit, and! jnaha a, week of it .nmiong the. islands. There are huridieds of black swans and other gatrie, arid we sho'uld have some good sport. Lord Alfred Burr, De Vere, -and1 a «ftu,ple of Brisbane men will- be of the party.' \- .1 agreed to. go 4t. once.. I was. ^espera^e enough, to seqie any. chqnce that would put De Vere within my reach again. V. ' . ?' ' ' dHAPTER VH. ' BIDINQ- SO' HIS nboM.- , . We bad been sliootiug and fishing with varied : luck rirarituir the picturesque islands of .Mortton Bay, , when BaSsett, one eveniug proposed, a vjsit ,to some .natural. caves, ojf curious Tqrinption beyond Bourna ^quth; Tie .wanted tp go asho'ro Ht 'the ldttor place, as he hap instrubted h'is business manager to - wue'hiii-'ihere' that day!shouldainyfhing.of:iin portanee- take -place :in the city.; jit. was only six. .inile&ridq;, h® said,, and if we ief): early,- we honld be back again anil dine oil lxmWL--'«'Hie'-.l«VjnUl' 'send a mm jashore.to ariunge with^ soriio' one who knOw 'fhr the;hor6e'8 - ; 1 ' Thtf unexpected happened, pn tlie iiioip-o.iv,, An iniportapt hank.in.whinii Bapptj: Jioii an . account, , had suspended payment, aril?' lie 'w'itli ;one of the ; two Brjabarie iuen decidal'to ruh up by rail to-the city., 4 Not that I stand to lose much myself', reiiiarkod Biissott; 4 but I mnst do.t^e best ,1 cub .for othersi'. | r , ? . . . ...Tlierc were .four of'us left, and we s'trolled round' to'tbe outskif-ts hf tlie'township' tib- a ftfrm 'where : the horses were to' be in Teadinres: -!l .!S-Ab lA-rd:Alfi;ed and.Grariby, opp of tthq, Brisbane men, .wpre.the least.accustomed.tq riding, the ,two quietitst liqr^es were taken hy them, arid .they rode of£, saying we should soon overtake therii. ' One of the two left1 tvas arwell-ma'de 'and, evidently: well- bred chestnut mare, and the other il-dei-kibf!owii; gelding, ,, . ? 4 1*11 takcjthe olica : liuf , saiu Be Vere. 1 ?JShe' Watelied him',' ' ihMVi'ug the w-hite '-of a: wiftVed hiiikiiig eyo WH: lie:wantferWaiHi A-i : the] bridle,': and jenortedi andrm- vfiii;a\vayi.,;,i Hp, jffqng, HuMpjas py^riheLhead «s. EliOj swyng j jwjuid; f roin liinn He wris a ' iiiatoh'J'for hfer, howri've'ri irir'-; shofhipjng the reins ;he took jhold of her,.qnd .with the free hand held' the, stirriip.'for, his' foritf, ' I 4 Mind the mate, Mr, ' said the- man, as Be Vere sprang into the saddle. The little fiery chestnut was off before he had fairly gained his seat, but ' he pulled her back almost on :Ii6r haunches, and jhrcw himself almost on the. ground ugniu. 4 Stirrups, are too short,* was alllie snid. Ho 'put them 'down' two holds on ' each side, during, whirih time the niarefidget ted about and then reared. He sootli ed and , carrcssed her, and in ,a favorable moment , got his fopt in the stirrup and swung over into the saddle, as she at once broke into a smart canter. ' * 4 Steady, lass, steady,' i htar.l him call out, us . ho disappeared, round a turn in the. road. In amiuutethis lieuaiue little better than a bush track.. He had takeu the wrong turning. By this time 1 'wiis following him,:my horee breaking from the canter into a gallop as he missed sight, of his mate. I steadied- him with a firm hand,- for I felt there was mettle in him that might take me all my time to control ; not but that 1 was a good horseman, but :I had had a long spell, and this wild gallop along an Australian bush track was a new experience to me. ; How. well I remember' it and record every detail. The horse had an easy swinging stride, the saddle might have been made for hiej and the stirrup leathers were the exact length. As we swung along, the trees in some places meeting overhead, I noticed how in the clear patches the' grass was wet with a heavy dew. A startled bird would occasionally shake the dew like rain from the trees, when it would fall glittering in the slanting sun rays like a. shower of diamonds. The peculiar aroma which ,the gum trees have in the early summer mornings filled the air. Occasionally a kangaroo or wallaby would come with enormous stridos through the undergrowth and gleaming grass, to disappear with the sound of cracking branches as it made its way through the bush. At times I could hear the clatter of hoofs 'us Bo Vere crossed the harder roadway, but -although I had now reached a fairly straight and open: road, he was not in sight, and it dawned upon me that I was being-left''behindv ? -The- paeo-was a fast one, and I felt sure that the mare must have bolted with him. Sittiiig down iu the saddle,! I gave my horse his head : he wanted very little encouragement. He could hear his mate ahead of hiui, and. stretch - ing out: his neck he increased his gallop to racing speed. Suddenly I felt myself rising in the air. The horse had made a prodigious leap, and as we cleared the gonnd there seemed to 'flash under us a bunch of writhing snakes.- They were black, and were probably two male snakes fighting ? together^ ? as I have - heard, that they will, do occasionally. My horse was now; galloping at a terrific rate, hud I tried to steady him, but it was ?useless; hfi was tbororighly aroused'anil frightened by the sriakes, mid with-the-singlb rein, bridle and snaffle bit I .realised that; it was useless to try to (check bim. .The most I. could do wus to keep him oil the iyaok! Suddthily we came up to a fallen ti'ee, which he leaped ?withoiit hesitation, and then tuf-ned a corner; where jiist ahead I saw Be Vere ; he was riding fast, hut Seemed to. have the mare more under control, and, I heard him laugh «nd shout at her, as she shied furiously, at something on the roadside. -That and the soiind of my- horse behind ' made her- quicken her pace,' land I heard Bim laugh again ns she dashed forward at her , previous mad rate, of, speed. , He would have laughejl less hail he kriuwn ho was riding to his do'irii. ' Hie pace- was again trameiidbus,' but 'I rode 'on without any. .great -alarm,' for I felt .sure that.-they could, not keep it up much longer, and the track was fairly plain and seemed widening. A few iniuutes afterwards we oame toa wooden bridge spanning; a creek. It was, in, very had repair, but Be Vere passed it saftly, although his horse seemed to get a further fright; for a young white heifer, scared at the noise, rushed up the bank from the: bed of: the creek just as we: passed,. ;The , approaches were verj' bed, and. my horse cleared a.11 obstacles, and avoided rotten planks as by a miracle, and jstilT raced after the chestnut. ' ! -We riiiist have covered four1 or fivo miles by this time,- iand had not passed: a single house except one .deserted shanty,-. ,ii; Just here we. got on to rising grcund. The soil was a bright' chocolate^ then it suddenly changed to ' sand; :l -the scrub 1 thickening round the track; and . a .-inoinent : afterwards we were on the Pacific. beach With hard white sand under us that a few' hours before had been submerged by the tide. ' ' ' There was no sail or boat to be-Seeri on the great expanse of water which: now spread before us. De Vein- was galloping away .about a quarter, of a .mile in front of me, keeping wpll down towards the writer's edge where the sand Was hardest. Had he ' pulled his h'urse on to 'the soft dry' sand he 1 might sooni have stopped. . But ho was riding to his fate, . and, .at suoh time^ . iqen dop't 'e^e such . things. I kept behind him, not wanting to, distance him, ahd 'feit' pretty certain that niy horse' was under control again, when' suddenly IsaW'De Vore's horse stagger, then make a great leap, and at the same, time scream . as though in niortol terror. It was a hrilf mad -teiTifie sound, siibh -as I had -heard ii ? dunib animal make, -when in fearful jiain ot peril, .once or -twice before S tbeu I saw the .horse, sink to , the saddle llaps.iii the gaud, where she struggled . violently. . T piilied 'up my horse/ which ' iii ' turn seeiried-' terrified with the spectacle, and answered almost imiuediatelvl to the rein, and, Shaking, in ? thqjsaddle -yithexcitomei}t, .1' watphed him breath . lessly,,, .He..wa8, .going to jump toward ^ehoi^; . a iniimefit hi had irin,ie a great leap. iind disrip ^jerii- ed ribferiy dbwn tbMiiriwaist riSc feet from1 his horso.-. -iW^itey hod, ridden intc# yuie/esand. ?; j . . ? . ... No one but myself to hand tohelp him, anil, if L hail the, will, it yyae doubtful whether I had the power to save him froiri a frightful death. ' Th'e tide Was:iiidhg, 'and if he Was hot swalloWed-heforfehiind ! by ithe f quicksand, in i tw«x hqtua : (he t wholo- pluqe- , would, bp under- watert, ,! : , ... ,,i ? Hceailpd out inan alarmed voice as I rode up, '4 For Gbd's slike^VefrioriVbe qiiick and -give me a hand to getfiut' of thia.T'csir feel thecursi'd thing: :-suckuiganefdown.'.i -.?iv-1; c' , , ;Iidismounted, aud , walking Jushore fasteiipd^ey . horsejto.a tree; and tVign cautiously winked wi^iia , five aiid twenty yards of the 'feriified' 'man'/'anji looked at him withoiit speaking. ' ? ? 