OUR STORY. THE HAUNTED HOUSE OF BAYOU SALE. (From the Catholic World.) WHY don't you want to pass through thw plantation after sundown, if the road is good ? I asked, my curiosity aroused . Nothin' in perticler, said Vestre evasively; then asked, is yon got has its up JNorr, boss ( Hants! What do you mean ? 1 laughed. Folkses corain' out er grabes, an showin' theyse'ves, an' groanin', an' playin' music, an' all so'ts of foolish ness, said Vestre with a very serious air, Ghosts ! I exclaimed in contempt. You don't mean to say you're afraid of ghosts, Vestre ? I don' know whether I is or no ; all I knows is, Vestre aiu; puttin' hisse'f where he kin fin' out, he declared in a tone of ponderous gravity. Then you have never seen the ghosts, Ventre? I asked, endeavouring to be as grave as himself. I ain' foah a truf— but heaps has, he responded solemnly. Them peop' what bought er house an' place guv'- ment tuckeu from ol' marse, they's skeert fit ter die a-»' done lef' er parish, an now plantation's foah sale — ain, no one goin' btiy it, les' ol' marse kin' an' lie cain't. Lucia, she seen 'em, an' rnoah other peop' than they's grains on er yeah of coahn. Although I put no credit in Vestre's story, I viewed the old plantation house when we drove by it with an interest I would not have felt had it j not had the reputation of being j haunted. It was one of those white Grecian mansions, with a portico sup ported by great oo uuins, that aro j common in the South. Many of the ' panes of glass in its windows were shattered, its wall <, were mildew< d and ' vJ V,t3 L i U W 11 - ,W1 LI1 ilwilvB'j cxllu Illy .i Cwb magnolias before it, from which k'<ng long, silver-gray mosses, added to its forlorn and desolate amiearance. -If.- 'L'r.vthing. -'ouiu- ,nave "maclo nre contented with my visit it should have been the warm welcome given me by M. de Cimar ; l ut it was what Marie said to me after dinner, when we were together alone, she and myself, on the little gall ry, that sank so deeply into my heart, making me happier than 1 uact ever oeen oerore to my me ; nappy by reasoi of her happiness, the cause of which brought me pain. . My friend, she said, I know how kind you have been to M. Avallon, and I am grateful, yes. How you must love the good God, M. Rutherford, to be so kind to Claude when your heart is pierced for me who am so unworthy. Tliey were much more comfortable, it appeared to me, in the little house a stone's throw from the Bayou, an hour's s-iil to the gulf, than they had been in the blighted house on Royal Street. Undoubtedly M. de Cimar was much more contented, and I think would have bee i perfe :t'y so had it lot been for the annoyance his in ability to dwell in the plantation house caused him. I could not kee it in repair, and Marie thought it best tor us to live here, h« said to me one afternoon ; adding, I hope, my friend, \>ou find your room sufficiently com : modious. \ I assured him that I had been | made perfectly co nfortable, and then. » supposing it would be matter for j laughter, told him what Vestre li <d j said about ihe plantation house being j haunted. To my surpris , M. de j Cimar listened to my story with grave j attention. | It is not all folly, this story Vestre ! has told you, he said slowly when I ; had finished. Here is what has hap pened; interpret it as you please Last winter M. Goupil. y man of affairs in New Orleans wrote to me i at this place that a family named Syplier were about to be my tenants on the plantation. It annoyed me that I had not been consulted, but my age and feeble health have so with drawn me from the world that I quite forgave him after I had talked the matter over with Marie, perceiving that he had but desired to save me annoyance. (I trust you will under stand without my going into details that M. Goupil was in the conspiracy to keep all knowledge of the loss of his estate from M. de Cimar, and that in pursuance of this course he was obliged to present the new owners to the sometime proprietor as tenants.) Tho igh, had I been consulted, he con tinued, I should never have consented to these people dwelling in the house of my fathers. When Lucia — you remember Lucia ? — I nodded in assent — when Lucia heard of the coming of these people she was more hurt, I be lieve frankly, than I was myself. My daughter, who at times puzzles me, on the contrary, took it very calmly. However, that has nothing to do with what I relate to you. I never saw my tenants ; but they came, and not long after they had settled in the house, strange stories got abroad, carried by the servants. There had been, a long Miha hfifnrA n. orrntasmiA at.nrv nf a. w""w j ghost attached to the house, to which I bad never given any need. Now, the servants declared to having seen the ghost, fled the place, and refused to return. Then the people themselves said they saw it and left Bayou Sale, without, it is needless to say, ever forwarding any rent to M. Goupil. Not only did all these persons sol emnly assert they saw the ghost, but I myself saw it ! > After a pau e, to permit me to recover from the incredulous surprise I exhibited, M. de Cimar continued : Before telling you how that was, let me say that, as Vestre told you, these persons as erted that they were an noyed by cries and gr . auings, and that at times they heard instrumental music, though in the house there were no' musical instruments of any kind. I heard none of these things/but some time after the tenants l$'rt the place I strolled up the avenue'' and let my self into the. house ; /I . always ca'rfy' about me the key ofj/a side entrance. I wandered.£iOTii"'room to room, mourn- L r a J.mi T iLJ6 y>Yci me paso . j. cuniess, tin jl reached what had been one of the guest-chambers. There, to rest, I seated myself on a packing-box dimly outlined in the starlight. Curious to s e how the room had been left by the tenants, I struck a match. My friend — here he leaned forward and laid his hand on my knee impiessively — my friend, during the time it takes for a match to burn out I saw the figure of j woman floating in mid-air. j He paused, withdrew his hand from my knee and leaned bac't in his chair, gazing thoughtfully into space. What did it look like, this figure 1 j I asked doubtingly. 1 Pardon me, he said, shaking liis head, bu. I cannot tell you. "When I had r covered myself sufficiently to get out of the house, I hurried home as fast as I could ; but the night was damp and I h .d an attack of lumbago from which I have never entirely re covered. J. Are these reports about the house 1 still current ? I asked, much astonished l tliat a man cultured and erudite as was M. de Cimar should not only give hepd to thnn but himself be deluded. His delusion, however, I set down to his being an old man, his brain dis turbed, perhaps, by the many troubles he had gone through. They are, he returned, and but a few nights ago they received fresh confirmation in the persons of a man and his wife who passed on horseback through the plantation on their way from Cote Blanche to Poiote Chevreuil. They remained here overnight, for the w man was prostrate from fright ; Vlario did what she could for her— Lu ia was away on a visit to a sister who lives some miles up the bayou ; but when she left in the morning she was still a pitiable creature from fear. But what did they see ? I insisted', still incredulous. ( To bs Continued .) 