HUSH . v By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of " Two False Moves," " A. Girl in a Thousand," "-The Mystery of Clement Dun . raven," &0.. &C.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved] Chapter XXXIV.—On Diplomact Bent. It was scarcely with a feeling of satisfac tion that Rachel got into the pony carnage to go and. pay a'visit to Greg on the morning ' after her return, from London. . She was most anxious to see Greg, hut at the Bame time leaving home at that moment was scarcely, she feared, desirable, since _ neither Ursula nor her father appeared to be in a con dition to be left to their own devices. In iact, it is doubtful if she would have made up her . mind to depart had she not been urged to do bo by Ursula, who promised that she would look after her father during Mrs. Bolderson s At-12 o'clock, when she eventually set out, ■ Alan had not put in an appearance, and it would.be difficult to say whether Stephen or Ursula was the more disappointed. The reason that Ursula was so anxious for her step mother to go to the Maisonnette was that she ■ thus expected to obtain some news of Alan. What her father could have told him was an insoluble mystery to her; but she. though tit must be something very dreadful to take him away af ter all his protestations, nor was she . reassured by. the sight of her father's white, ■. sorrowful face. , "Drive quickly.and make, haste back,' nan ; been -his parting injunction toRachel as the • pony-trap left the door. • . On the many hindrances and difficult pro blems that would come in Rachel's way before . Bhe agam saw the Willow Marsh Ursula did \- not . reckon. She only hoped that the little step-mother, whom circumstances had of late \- taught her to believe in almost to the extent of thinking her a magician and an oracle, would • swiftly and- surely bring her back the happi ' ness that seemed, to be passing from her once ' more just, as she thought she had clutched it for ever. - ' ■ Then she went into the garden to join her father, who was moodily walking up and down smoking, and she was, according to Rachel s request, 60 kindly and loving to nim that, suf fermg. as he was doing from his late interview -with Alan,'it was a torture and a reproach, so \- much so-that'more than once he was on the \- point of crying out— "Revile me, upbraid me as much as you " will, ;'but for the love of heaven do not treat ' me as if I1 had been a good conscientious • father 1" _ . ;. Meanwhile Rachel, her heart full of many troubles, journeyed quickly through the autumn-tinted lanes. _ ■Should she reach the Maisonnette without meeting that ubiquitous viear, who seemed to track her footsteps wherever she went? \- ■ Of course not; there he was, but to Rachels no small satisfaction he was not alone, though Bhe was somewhat■ surprised to find that his • < companion' was General Southby. She stopped the pony in order to speaic to . them ;.after her seeming rudeness to the vicar , two days previously-she did not think that she , could do otherwise. ., ".Got back from town ?" he said cheerily. "I hope you did not find your friend asillas vou expected," and there was something in his . tone which almost seemed to say, "you have not been to see any sick friend alL" At least ' so RacheL thought and she colored up as she ' answered-^ " I went up to see that unfortunate woman, • Lucille Lafarge. She is lying paralysed in the French hospital, whither I had her re moved." Both the men uttered an exclamation, for : to both of : them was Lucille Lafarge's history in connection with Decocq by no means un . known. ' . " And how-you are going to see another Invalid, Airs. Bolderson?'. said General Southby. . ■ , "I am going to the Maisonnette, she answered simply. "You know then what has . happened?' "X know something, but no details have reached me." r " Two men cannot agree, let us say because ' they are antipathetic to each other and instead ' of fighting a duel with the proper _ formula • connected with such au event or taking their ' grievances into a law court, the one gives the other a back-handed slap on the face in the streets of Paris, which is returned by a blow on ' the head with a thick stick in the Wood at Hazel Court two evenings ago."' \- It; was evident' that General Southby did not flread the vicar's tongue as much as Rachel did,, and instead of answering she looked from the, one to the other in some alarm. The 'general,'however, only smiled. He had no intention of revealing anything that was not already an open secret, Greg himself having spoken out pretty freely. -, "Will you give me a lift to the Maison • ' nette, Mrs.'1 Bolderson?" he asked, "for my old limbs are somewhat unused to much walk ing "With the greatest pleasure. " Good-bye, vicar.. Don't let'people talk more than you can help.. The affair will soon be squared or my name is not Southby." "Good-liye, Mr. Salt," echoed Rachel, was sorry to cut you so unceremoniously short the,other day, but I had to catch a train." \- And so the vicar was dismissed with much politeness, but with evident intention, and even now he had had no chance of performing Sicele's commission and had to console himself with a chat, with Dick Venables, whom he met a little farther on,, and who told him several things he did not know before, among others that Alan Wallis had arrived at the Court and had .paid a visit to the Willow Marsh and had had a long private conversation with its master. This information, of course, Venables had received from Mrs. Cubitt. Altogether the crowding and rapidity of events was becoming almost too much for the good viear's brain. If . the difficulties that lay in Rachel's path had been his to stem the tax would have been simply impossible to him. Even Rachel was • thankful to have General Southby by her side, for she knew he was a clear-headed; capable man of the world, who could not only grasp a situation, but would handle it delicately. "Well, this is a nice business," he said as soon as they were out of earshot of the vicar. "I would .give my right hand rather than " Sicele's name should be dragged through the mire in connection with that blackguard Eludy'er. Greg deserves to lose her for his rashness in interfering with the scamp." " I suppose he had heard of the affair at Rarkhurat and was irritated." " On the contrary, he did not know a word of it until I foolishly let it out last evening, when I came down in answer to a wire from Sicele. I was rather sorry I had committed myself, as Greg put himself into such a pas sion that I fear he has had a bad night. How ever, I believe on the_ whole he is better this morning, arid all I hope it that we shall find him amenable to reason." "What do you.propose to do ?' "I propose to make Fludyer apologise, which will, I fancy, not be so difficult as to get Greg to accept the apology. Mr. and Airs. Wallis are naturally very angry about the whole affair. They were just about consider ing the matter as to whether, now that Greg has received a very good_ fortune through the deaths of his uncle and sister, on his promise that he would he less Bohemian and more in clined .to recognise civilised laws in the future, they might not perhaps give him the dear little girl he so ardently loves, when, lo and behold, Alaster he so ardently. loves ; • when lo, and behold, Alaster worst scrapes he was ever involved in and naturally he upsets his chance altogether." • " We must try and talk them over; Sicele will be heart-broken as well as Greg." "Of course, I know that; but it will he absolutely -useless for either you or me to in terfere if he persists in fighting' Eludyer— ' tearing him limb from limb,'^ as he elegantly expresses it. The Wallises will never give in unless peace be proclaimed all round. You must use your influence with him, Mrs. Bolderson. I am so glad you are going to see " Sicele would have more influence," said Rachel meekly. "Exactly, but they keep her carefully guarded at the house. I don't believe they will let her go near the Maisonnette. But never mind, Mrs. Bolderson, we will pull the business through." ■ . ■■ ■ - • " Any way we will do our best;, but to have two love affairs on one's hands at the same time is no joke." "Hey-dey, hey-dey! I don't know anything about another." " Alan Wallis and my step-daughter. Is he not staying at Hazel Court ?" "Of course, yes, yes. That accounts for a great deal. He came in yesterday just as I arrived, looking rather a ghost—scarcely spoke at dinner and spent the greater part of the night walking up and dpivn over my head. J thought it was grief for his father's death that was agitating him thus. So—so—a love affair is it ? Well, I was a hoy once myself. What is the hitch in that quarter, Mrs. Bolderson? -Does not the young lady smile on him ?' "It is'not that, and Rachel became a little confused. '' I think he and Mr. Bolder, son did not quite agree about something." " Yet Alan has a vast fortune. There should be no disagreement. We must see what is to be done. I have never had the pleasure of seeing Miss Bolderson. hut Ialways sympathise with young people. As you say, my dear lady we have our hands full. So much the better if we succeed." ,, < Just at this moment they drove up to the Maisonnette, .thus there was no time for any farther discussion. If Greg was to he kept quiet arid "was feverish after a bad night the " remedies'conducive to health were scarcely ' 'being enforced, for though he was sitting in an armchair in trie studio and his head was bandaged with cold compresses he was talking rapidly and gesticulating freely, while .Alan Wallis' was walking up and down the room in a state of excitement that was. akin to frenzy. -- ■' The two young men were trying tosettleithe knotty points in their life- histories without the intervention of their elders. Alan had no intention of giving up his be loved Ursula whatever anyone might say, but the desire was strong upon him to get a friendly voice to tell him that what be was about to do was well, and with, whom '-in - his hour of need would he find more sympathy than with, his cousin Greg2_ True, Greg was ill and himself beset by difficulties, but the case would brook no delay. • So to Greg Alan went with the last letter his father had penned co him and which Greg read most attentively. "Wei}, and have you asked Mr. Bolderson to explain the past 2" "Yes, and it scarcely redounds to his credit. More I cannot say." " But you see in it no cause " "No cause to give up my sweet Ursula ; cer tainly not. Would you give up Sicele if some one told you that Uncle Wallis's life had scarcely been as unshadowed by dishonor as it ought to have been 2" "Never. If the fair fame of every sweet woman was to be blackened by her father's vices—fair fame, it strikes me, would be at a considerable discount." And Greg laughed noisily, for the mood was on him to be reckless. ; "Then I have your sanction for following the dictates of my heart " "Look here, AJan. You are a man ; surely you can judge for yourself. Fancy coming to me, the Bohemian, much-reprobated Greg, to consult on such a matter." "Greg, old fellow, there is no one in the whole world whose advice I would ask or take but yours, and in such a great step as this I would not think of going forward without con sulting you. Judge of what importance I hold my CousinGreg when I am keeping my beloved Ursula waiting for me while I come round here to lay my affairs before him." "Go to the devilcried Greg, who was beside himself' with feverish excitement, "and don't come humbugging me like that. Marry your Ursula and settle down into apere de famille. Her father's past story, won't harm her, especially since no. one seems to know it; but look here, my boy, see that you squash the Lucille Lafarge out of her, and bring her as much as possible under the influence of the angelic Rachel, whom she is rather inclined to ignore." "Oh, they have become great friends; in fact, Ursula has rather taken to exaggerate the little stepmother's good qualities." "Then, bless you, my children, bless you. Happiness and peace, and—by Jove——" At this moment Rachel, accompanied by General Southby, came in. . . The situation was somewhat comic, or would have been so had it not. been so very real. Anyway, it savored of bathos, as did most of Greg's realities, since he never could bring his mind into a condition of seriousness for very long together. While the new-comers where enquiring after his health Alan took the opportunity to escape. He had got the encouragement he wanted from Greg and went off to the Willow Marsh as fast as nimble young legs would carry him. Rachel would have no more trouble with that couple, at least not in the way of trying to arrange the match. Whether Julian Wallis slumbering in his grave in Pere la Chaise would have been as satisfied is doubtful, but then he should not have left that paper telling his son to follow the dictates of his own heart and judgment and he would have his blessing. That he had done so was only to be ac counted for by the foreshadow of death which not infrequently softens and changes the whole of a man's nature. When Rachel went, in to the room and saw Greg she was so shocked at his appear ance that she did not take much notice of Alan or his speedy departure. ■ She had during her brief acquaintance with Greg failed to discover how two- siued his nature was, and since she had invariably seen him in his more serious mood she at once ascribed the exalted recklessness in which he was now indulging to the fact of his being terribly ill, and with kindly womanliness- as her wont she at once sought to soothe and cosset him. It was the very wisest, course she could have taken and had the desired effect. In a very few moments Greg had become much more tranquil and amenable to the dictates of prudence, though quite half an hour elapsed before either General Southby or Rachel thought it expedient to touch on the subject with which' their minds were brimming over. They had not, however, wasted their time by remaining silent since they had allowed Greg to let off much superfluous steam by permitting him to tell them with much gesture and wordiness liow he had been • treated by that "blackguard Fludyer." Also, he was per-, mitted not only to inveigh furiously-,against him for the episode in connection with Sicele at Parlchurst, but also to enlighten them—both hearing this part of the story for the first time —how Jenny Fludyer had poisoned by her presence the dying moments of his beloved sister.. It was evident that to bring about a treaty of peace between Greg and the master of Park hurst would.be.no easy matter, and General Southby almost regretted that he,had under taken it, seeing that he expected quite. as much opposition from. Sir Austin Fludyer as it was evident he would receive from Greg. But for Rachel he certainly would not have stood the least chance of. bringing matters to a happy denouement. Greg would have flouted the general without the slightest scruple, but Rachel had such a graceful pleasant way of putting things; she manipulated them, with such a gentle touch that it was quite impos sible to Greg to be angry with anything she said. Never till now that he was vouchsafing to her the privilege of freely/probing bis wounds did he recognise how absolutely de voted.he was to Mrs. Bolderson, _ He resisted, however, manfully for a con siderable time. "No, I will never accept an apology from Austin Fludyer, such a villain as he is. He ought to.be scourged off the earth ; and only wait until I have recovered my health and strength anjl then see whether Fludyer will be permitted to live many days." "Murder your enemy and lose Sicele, surely an'effectual way of settling the difficulty," said Rachel tersely. Greg was.staggered. "Lose Sicele2 Why should I lose Sicele— because I punished the. man who insulted her 2" "Is it likely that her parents will give her to a blood-stained wretch who has set at naught alike the laws of his country and those of good sense and good feeling." , Greg grew very fidgety and did not speak. It was evident that Rachel's words were being weighed... He would not, however, give in without an argument. He would not have . been a man had he done so. Thus, after a brief pause, he recommenced the tissue of abuse which he had been using towards Fludyer eVer since they arrived and enquired once more how he could be expected to receive an apology from such as he. Rachel rose ;. she saw that nothing would be arrived at without a coup. "I cannot stay any longer, "she said. "They will be expecting me at home. Shall I drive you up to the court, general .2 We shall make nothing of this impractical man, so we must leave him to muddle his chances after his own fashion." The manoeuvre was effectual. "Stop, Mrs. Bolderson," cried Greg, "you know I always like to do what you wish if it is possible, only you don't give a fellow time. You want to rush him into your views with out considering the matter in all its bear ings." . Rachel smiled as she glanced at the clock and saw how long they had been there argu ing, but Greg took no notice, of the hint, con tinuing— "Now, let us_ begin at the beginning and discusB tho affair seriously without ill-blood, •like sensible people. Of course, Sicele is the first consideration—for her sake " "Hereshe is coming through'the gate out the wood," interrupted tho general. "Sup pose you put the matter in her hands and let her decide whether or no you will accept an apology from Sir Austin Fludyer should I be successful enough to obtain one." Greg at once agreed, to follow Sicele's decision, and the two individuals so much interested in them both had little difficulty in making up their minds on which side of the balance Sicele would cast the weight of her in fluence. (To be continued.) 