SREIT IRMG:I I i 0£,?IHE ' > bkack noz- ZOW GRANGE. .CUSPTER Xx.liu — (CoNTDTOBD.) ,- IlauctWreIvilla, flying homeward from tho (Serharfc eotiage, almnnt stumbled nvue him,, aa hu lay liko a log across the moorland path. Sho> stand, still, with a quick, startlud- cry. i "Hera, dead:!'" aha gasped',, droppingmn bar laieee beside tlio prostrato figure. ,'He'a surely dead, poor fellow !" .'/' Tho lightning: flnohed, ami the thunder roared threateningly amid the peaks above, and in a few: minutes the storm 'would he upon her. But Maud had no thought of. leaving this suffering, stranger filmic. K.Aashe would have raised a hurt lamb, sho raised tlie handsome head, and began to pass hor soothing hand over the white ,hrow. It was covered with blood and /dirt, the fair, clustering hair was all tangled and olotted, and from tho blue, alose-3hut lips a bloody foam oozed. An unutterable pain pieroed Maud's ( tender breast, aud a pity for this un known man filled her dark eyes with tears. 1 "He's doad," she moaned again. " Poor fellow I what shall I do for him?' ' The big drops began to fall heavily, end the winds ahriekod across the gray ' moors like a troop of banshees. Sho caught the rain as it fell, and bathed his -tnmplss, smoothing back the fair hair ; and under tho meamerio touches, tho current of life began to flow again. A slow ookir rose in the marWO cneoks, and she fait his heart beating against her za aho held him. Her tears foil liko tho x&m;, und even then nhe experienced a sanso of wonder at the sweat joy that thrilled her. : "Can you speak? Do youhoar mo? bo you euffer very much?" Reused by the gontio voice, Sir Harry Treshum opened his handootuo blue oysa wide, and gszod aboutihim. with a horril- dered atare. " Wliat'a tho metter ? Where am -I?" Ito demandod. " I tiiink your horse must have-thrown you. I found you lying here. Are you. very mush hurt ?" - '..The young man struggled up to his elbow, .olid drew his hand aoross bis jay es. ' "Y6s, I remeniber tlmt onnfounded herno-of mine ran down the cliff yonder. ijNo, I don't tiiink I'm very uiuoh hnrt. jbnt tho broath was knocked pretty woll lout of me. By Jovel My brain's in a Whirl yet." '/ Ho ihndo an effort' to regain his foot, hut reeled and fell again, white and oiok - (with pain. jj: "Confound iti I hpg you pardon, madam, but the tronliltfs in my right j ankle, I couldn't stand if 1 were to be shot (for it. And heavens! bark to tho '.thunder. A terrible storm is impending. ,Do not lingar, madam, I beg. You are v.ery kind, but there'# no need that botli of us nliould be drenched ; run for your life to the nearest shelter." "No, I shall nqt leave you," was her quiet answer. Sir Harry turned and looked at hor. Her black braids wero all in a tumble, and dripping like a mermaid's, hor cheeks roso-rod, and hor black eye# shone liko Btara. In all his life, he bad never, he thought, laokod upon a handsomer faoe. Despite his pain and his disagreeable condition his heart gave a little thrill of admiration. Ho was a passionate adoror of womanly loveliness. . Utterly unconscious of his observation, ; Maud continuod : ; "I shall not leave you, a stranger, and suffering ae you are. I wouldn't I Joavoa crippled kid here in all this storm. But we can't reach the Felisido now, aud 'thorafora we must seek a nonror shelter. iThore'e a little cave just round the ledge t there, which is quite snug, aud we've a no time to luio. These Highland storma | aro soon over, but thoy are sevoro while I /..they last. Conn: now, lot flie help you, I I iplenno. You must lean upon me. I am , .strong, and it won't hurt mo." I I Sir Harry looked at hor again as she J passed hor little young arm about him, I a Binilo tlmt wna half admiration hall I mmuaemeut lighting his handsome eyes. | . jHo had known so many lovely, high-horn i ladies, and this girl, with hor dark beauty r :aud hor womanly tenderaoss, was su uu- . like tho in ; " Lean on me, please," ska continued, -clasping him olosu, and the touch of lior strong, soft arm thrilled some fiber in the 1 (young noble's being that nevor touched |)iiin before. " Thank you. How good you are. How ; .ohall I ever repay you for ull this ?" he I murmured, a tremor in his voice. I " Oh, never mind, only lean on me, and f. .let us got into tho cave." 11': 1 And loaning on hur, almost clinging to '- her in his acute pain and helplessness, he II let hor oonduot him round tlie sharp cor- Ij: jnor of tlio ledgo and into tho little ouve oi I? 'which she had spokon. I' j A curious place it was, walled and r ' /roofed with stone, and on ono side their X Iwus a rude seat cut iu the solid rook. : 1 Maud got her patient under the shelter I of this sylvan roof, aud suutod him upon j |tho stone seat. He looked very white and I ; faint, and the Bweut of agony stood out I ( upon his forehead iu groat dropo. II 1 " How good you ure I" lie repeated, I ' sniiliug up ut. her a mnihi that lit tlio patri- p I ciun faoe with winning brightness. "What I 1' eliaU I ever do for you ?" j ;| Maud lauglied iu answer, nnd her laugh I I 'was inexpressibly sweat and girlish, y "No matter now ; let us wait till the ,7 , ' storm is over, and I'll try to think of-.somo- SV i thing," she said, pleasantly. ' Hare it \ ' eomos now ; we did uot get under cover a 1 minuto loo soon." > And down the rain camo in torrents, the winds shrieking amid the hills with a fury that was appalling. . ; Sir Harry watohed his oompanion as she looked- out into the wild ekuus with atoudy, shining eyas. 1 1 . " You do uot seem frightonod,1' ho said, Most ladies I hove known suffer great fear in storms, and this one 'is terrible." ; i " Yas ; but I have boou used to them I all my life. Ind'ood, I always' enjoy a thunder-otorm. Does your 'ankle paiti f you muoh ? Oan I do any thing for you ?'! I sho addod witha pitying glnnco. I . " Nothing moro, tuank you. My aukle 1 is rather painful, but I oan bear it." I , ' Tho minute the storm abates you shall V havo help. It is but a step from here to Felleide. _ , ' :p. , " 'The Felisido I Is that, your home?" ll.:< " YflB. Til ft hnillin in "ttmh Itnvniiri f.ltu I firs theroi" . I 1 " And your friends will thoy not suffer \- 1 groat uneasiness on your aooouut ?" y " I havo no friends. I am alone.'.' The pathos in lior voice, touched Sir Harry's inmost heart. " Alone, aud so young I" .' :1 . Yes. My father and mother sleep in the littlo oharoli-yard over there, and my -. 1 sister— I havo lost my sister." -j . JiUjoafc.bori IsshOi too, dead 1" "I.drrknow jrsbemay bo." Turn- ung her dark oyes full upon him, she jadded "Do' you como-from Loudon,' ISIE-?."' . ; "From London? Yosj why' do you '.aak?'" Sho fluehod a little as she replied : "Nothing, only I'm always fancying that :I shall oroBB somo ono who can tell me something of my sister. Poor little Isabel 1 It was.in London she was lost." Sir Han-y half forgete his pain in icurosity. "Why, how did you. lose hor ? I can- not understand." " She marriod Sir Hereford Marlowe's son. Atieimt," she added, Btammering and flushing , painfully, "she ran away from home with him, and we've never heard of her since." The young man started up so suddenly . that hisankh)' tingled with acute pain. "; What, Arthur MorlowebDid ho marry your sistor?" he cried. " Yes. Do. you know him ?" "T know him well, and reinomhor the , namoyoumention.Isabel — yes,tliat'ait,by Jovel Poor Arthur was continually raving about his bride, Isabol, but liis people Baid he was: insane." "His people told falsehoods ; he , married mysister. Do- you. know where he is now?" : "In Paris, I believe. _ He is to marry ; Lady Bianoa Drieeo Ami autumn/' , Maud's dark eyes flashed with anger. "So- soon; and my poor little sister gone and forgotten." She let her head fall, and, covering her face with her hands,, burst into tear. Sir ; Harry sat and looked at her while the . storm raged without, his blue eyes eio- 1 quent with pity. " Poor girl," he was thinking. "She -knows so little of the great, wicked world, I suppose her sister went to London, and that maeUtorm of vice swallowed, her." Asuddon sound behind him changed tlie currant of his thoughts and brought . Maud to her fact. And thon the solid stone that walled the.raar of tho.cWa bogda to move. Sir Harry's first thought was of an earthquake or somo shah impending danger, and wjth instinctive, manly chivalry he tottorad to his feet, and- threw his right arm about Maud'a shoulders. She olung to hi«n and tremblod, but her blaok eyes watohed tho moving stone, aud olio uttarcrl no word or cry. " Hoavono above !" ejaculated Sir Hurry, holding his oompanion still closer. "Tho day of doom ho# come, and the- dead are ootniug, forth from their graves!" The old man emerged from the thiek gloom hojond him, shsdiug.hia eyes with, one hand. "Here we aro at last," ho cried, "and iu tho midst of the thunder-storm, too." Catching sight of tho. amazed conplo who stood regarding him with distended eyos, he stopped short, Ond thon rnadb a courtly, old- fashionod how. " I beg you pardon— — " But Maud darted past him with a swift ory, and grasped Ambrose, as he issued like a gaunt skeleton from tho yawning tunnel. " Ambrose ! Ambrose !" sho panted, " what does this mean ?" " Wait a minuto," ho faltered, "and you shall know. I'm weak " His voioo failed, and bofore I10 could reach the stone soat he fell prostrate in a swoon. Maud, forgetful for the moment of Sir Harry nnd his injuries, flew to him and raised his head. " Poor Ambrose 1 Why, he looks as if he had boon dead and buried," she oried, smoothing back the hair from his hag gard face. "What oan have happened to him ?" '' " He has beon buried, though not quite dead," King Lear made answer, touching a seoret spring as he spoke, whioh sont the groat "etone back into it# place, "down in tlio dungeon beneath the old manor. It was a lucky thing I saw him go down, for I take it, sir," bowing to Sir Harry, "I'm the only man alive who konwB the secret of this underground passage." "Underground passage is it ? And who tho douce are you ?" 'Tiio old man laughed and strokod his frosty beard. "You stare at me as if I were a ghost." ' " A glio3tatfii'Btsight loortainly thought you. I should take you for a Trevethon now. You look like tlio old Trovotlion portraits at Lyndith Hall. By Jove, you roust be tho long missing Sir 'Arthur." But tlie old man shook his ailvoretl head. "Nay, I am not Sir Arthur. I am only King Lsnr." "King Lear?" "Yob; they oall me King Lear at Morcton House. A good enough , name, isn't it? And you, sir, wliat may your name bo?" "Truiiam." "Ah! A sterling old name. And you visit Lyndith Hall ? ' "Quito often." " How docB the old place look ? Going to ruins; iou't it?" " .Ruins, indeed ? Sir Geoffrey had it repaired a year or so ago, and it lookB like a palace." " Sir Geoffrey ? What manner of jnan is ho?" "A very pleasant, gentleman." The old man laughed till tlie cave rang with shrill echoes, " Sir Geoffrey 1 Well, this is a queer world. ' I'll get back to Moroton House and stay there, I believe. Why should I oare? Only for the boy's sake. Do you happen to know, sir, if SirGooflroy has u son?" "He's a madman, "thought Sir Arthur, "the Bsmo person, without doubt, tiiat Miss 'Travethoii saw at the Haunted Manor. Yet, how like the Trevethon's lie looks." Yos, Sir Geoffrey has a son,' he an swered; aloud. , "A son!" There was unutterable sor row in his voice. "Do you know his name?" ' . , Yes ; it ieRiohtnond." A ory of pain broke from the old man's lips, and thon hisshrili laughter rang out again.. : ..... "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon lias a son,, .you say,' and .liens ; oallod Riohniond," ho ropeatod. " Woll; woll, it' must be true what they say of me.: I am a. madman. I'll get baok to Moroton House, and die , tliore. I've : lost my ' plaoe in tlio . world." He turnad swiftly, and passing out at tlio door of the oave, disappeared , in the wild, whirling storm. :' CHAPTER XXIV. TBE DBAD MAN'S BTOBY. Sir Harry ley at the Felleide Farm-Houso, unable to lift bis head from the fragrant white pillow to which Maud had consigned it ; hit injuries having tamed out to bo muoh more serious that any one bad apprehended. 1 " You cannot be moved, sir, and you'll not stir out of this house for weeks to come. .'That ankle is an ugly fracture, and you've some internal injury in the bargain. The least, exertion, now. might cost you. your life.-' That was Dr. Nugant'S verdict. Hearing it, poor Sir Harry groaned aloml. " 'lis too confounded bad I Why, I'd give half I'm worth to get to London to-day, and here I must tie like a log. Well, sir," turning to Ambrose, " if there's no bejp for it, I mast hsg you to go in my place. . "I'll go, sir." " Tory wall ; and take that marvbUous document with yon. You say you found it in the skeleton's hand, and there's a ring, on the finger t" " That is what I said, sir." Sir Harry looked up at the young High- lander's handsome, grave face, with a sort oi curioue wonder. ' What possessed yon to go down into that dungeon ? lie asked. "1 had heard ot the mystery of Black Hol low Grange." " And you sot to work to olear it up I Well, you took the job out of my hands. A day lator, and I should have done the same thing that you have done. No mattor since the riddle is solved. Mr. Gerhart, did you ever hear of Mls3 Lenore 'Trevethon ?" '- The daughter of the missing baronet f Yes, sho married Sir Geoffrey's sod, and wont abroad. I saw the account in the .papers." " Precisely. Now, Mr. Gerhart, I beg that you won't ask me a question, but only have the kiudncss to do as I tell you. There's a ; secret iu this matter, which 1 am bound in honor not to betray, you understand 1" " I understand, sir. What would you tike me to do I" < " Take the paper— (Heavens, what a stir . it wilLmake among the aristocracy of Lon don ; I must be there to see), Mr, Gerhart, and go to No. — St. John's Wood. There is > a lady there — I can't give her name ; that's where the socret comes in, you see. I'll tell this much— site's vitally concerned in these discoveries. You must see her, and show her the paper before youBubmititto anyono else." Ambrose shrugged his shapely shoulders. " Rather a blindfold sort of errand, I 'Should eay, sir," be replied. "For whom shall I ask, if I'm not to know the lady's name !" "I'll write a notejand seal it, and you ohall send it up to her." " Very well. You . look like h roan of honor. Write the note nnd I will do us you wish, though I must confess 1 am not particularly pleased with the errand." Sir Harry with much pain and difficulty wrote the note, (signed and sealed it, aud directed is to " The Lady on the first floor front, No. — St. John's Wood." With this tetter in his possession, Am brose, tall and gaunt from his late sufferings, journeyed down to London. _ He took a cab at the depot and drove directto St. John's Wood, reacbing the un pretending dwelling which bore the desig- natcd number a little before sunset. The hostos3 herself received him in her small sittingcoom, aud took charge of tns note. 'There was a lady on the first floor, front : she would take it up to hor. Ambrose sat down and waited, the yellow leaves, whioh had been hidden for so many yean iu tho black dungeon, rising and fal- litig with every beat of his impatient heart. Five, ten minutes ; and then there came a light otep and tho rustle of a woman's gar ments. The door opened, aud Ambroso rose to bis feat. " I beg your psrdon, madam, for this in trusion—" he began, but ot sight of hei faeo the lvords died on his lips. He stood and stared tike one who bccb an appai ition. He stood face to face with the woman for whoso sr.ko he had once risked his life, the women ho loved I For one mill ute Mies Trevethon lost .her imperial eelf-coutrol. The hot blood surged to her temples, bar clear eyes (ell, hor heart heaved with grest, suffocating throbs ; but iu the next she was herown queenly self. She advanced to meet her visitor, extend ing one slender white hand. "I am glad to see you, Mr. Gerhart," she said. ' Sir Harry failed to mention your name in the note, and meeting you so sud denly surprised me. You are well ?" "Iain well; thank you," answered Am brose, accepting the seat she offered and setting his teeth hard te keep down his emo tion. If it cost him his life, she should not see how the sight of her' loveliness moved him. She drew aseat in front of him,andfolded her graceful hands. " Poor Sir Harry has met | with Jan acci dent?" she went on. "I hope it is nothing serious." " She loves him," thought Ambrose ; "and he her. What a fool I was to be decoyed into coming here." "Nothing sorioUB," lie answered aloud ; " only a painful fracture, which forces him to keep quiet." " And it was nil for me. Poor, kind Sir Henry I" She wrung hor lovely bauds, and Ambrose bit his tips in an agony of jealous rage. " He tolls me," she continued, after a minuto, " that yon have bccu making some very wonderful discoveries at (the Haunted G range V" Ambroso rose abruptly, and drew the roll of yollow paper from his breast. " 1 have been down in the dungeon again," he blurted 'out, " and I found a skeleton. These papers wero in its hands, and there was a diamond ring upon its fingor. The papers I brought away, the ring I left un touched." Miss Trevethon half rose, her face tho hue of death, her limbs shaking under her, but sank baok nguin, unable to articulate a word. "Sir Hurry Trciham insisted that I should bring the papers here aud eliow them to yon firet, and here they are," continued tha young man, laying them on the table beside She looked at them, shuddering from bead to foot. " A skeleton— a skeleton down in -that awful place I Oh, my poor murdered father 1" Ambrose gave a great start. 11 Good heavens !" he cried, you don't mean to say " Rut, chocking himself, he Btopped short, leaving the.question unasked, Still '.trembling in evory limb, still death- white, Lenore took up the yellow roll, and smoothed out its discolored pages. . The first wnB dated some years back, and ran ns follows ; " I, Arthur Trevethon, do leave this,, ray last charge and testimony, hoping that by some oiuiico It may ono day come to the oyes of the world. I am down in this dungeon heuosth the manor, manglod and dying. I w«s forced through the trap-door, whioh opens from the anteroom whioh adjoins tho library, by s man who cmne to mo professing to be my aeusin, Sir Gcofl'ray Trorsthou, the late baronet's son and hair. This wan is strangely liko Sir Geoffrey. Moreover, ha has ample proof# of his identity, bni he is au impostor, navorthelus, I told him so whon he csmo to mo as I sat in the libraty on the night previous to my return to London. grew Jifid with guilt and race, tnd Bojzuig sue bodily, forced mo into the anteroom, and through tne leoret door. 'Now botrav van, if you can !" wero hia lait words to me, ai I fell. " Iam writing this, in tho thick darkness, ou tho loare. of my diary. The chill at death is al ready at my hoart. I shall never sec tha light of my dear wife and child until I moot thorn in haareu. I shall die down hero in this terrible placo, and no one will know; but hcavon's ju.tioo will surely bring this foul deed to light. By somo ohsnce my fats will be made known to the world, and title paper, whttii X am writing m darkness, and in untold cmaiy, Will bn found. And to him who finds it, I R . my charge. Avongo my murder, and right tin. . groat wrong. A'Jiu man who ads binuolf 6ir Ucolfroy Troroilion is a hum impostor. Thetrua own 0 como one day and olahn hie a1#".1? "rilQ 1,0 My hand fails, and death comes to set mo; free. My dear wife, farewell. Lonore, my litile girl, if you do not dlnrogard your poor, fond father s will. When your Cousin ilititimond eomee, you will ratify your chUdiih betrothal, and become his wife ; and may the AI- uugbty father aud prosper my daughter and her husband. m, aa wriNmin.! 