The general elections appear to hare pot oar friends of the golden grain in Soath Australia into trouble once more. The classification of the new Parliament is —Ministerialists, including Ministers, 15 ; Opposition, 22 ; Labor mem bers, 12 ; Independents, 5. Of course, no Ministry can sit on terms like these. If they wait ereu to meet the House, which is improb able, they will be met with a direct rote of want of confidence. The Patterson Government, it may be remembered, resigned during recess directly they found the voice of the country was against tbem. An Opposition, sitting in a ma jority, even though it has lost its leader, would not tolerate the continuance of a minority Minis try on the Treasury Bench for a week, and members returned as Independents generally throw in their lot with the aggressive party. There may be something to be gained from tbem ; there cannot be from the others, "the politician is perfectly well acquainted with the district. " lis a very good world that we live in, To lead or to spend or to give in ; But to beg or to borrow, or get a man's own, lis the very worse world that ever was known.' Hi is is the compression of the doctrine of selfish ness and self-help, 'ihe politician usually in terprets the latter as " help yourself." Parlia ment is but a microsmof the world it represents. This leads to an instantaneous rush for the Treasury benches. The Independents are almost certain to vote against the Government, for their very assertion of independence proves them partly hostile ; the Labor vote is more likely to go with the rushers than the garrison. The end of the South Australian Ministry is, therefore, at hand. Mr Kingston must see the 'roene inene tickel urphrasin' upon the wall of the Colunial Secretary's office. But what we de sired to call attention to is the steady growth of dominating Labor Corners in the colonial Par. example. Here we have 12 Labor members in a House of 54- Now, if tliey pursue their general polity of posing as representatives of the classes who elect them only, and of declining to associate with any party, the result must he that they can raako what terms they please with either side, and can only bo suppressed by a coalition. We all know how obstructive the comparatively small knot of Irish members has proved to the conduct of the business of the House of Com mons. Party organisation and discipline alone is possible in the work of Parliaments, as con- stituted in the present day. Tins question is dealt with rnost acutely in that admirable novel of Sir Walter Besant's, now passing through the Press, especially in the passages in which ho points out that an Independent member cannot possibly succeed, that the ultimate control of the affairs of State must always be in the hands of parties operating upon directly opposite lines. The true mission of the Independents is to seek absorption in the parties, and this, as the moth goes to tho candle, they usually fulfil. In that, tlio veteran statesman, Lord Cierlcon, whose identity with one conspicuous in our history, is but thinly concealed, is reported as saying— " Let us pass on to consider tho noble work by which you desire to make a mark in history. Noble work for a politician means great and beneficent measures. You, as an Independent member, would never ho able to pass any con siderable measuro; not any single measure ot tho least importance. Why 1 Because all great measures are adopted, as soon as it is found possible to pass them, by tho Government. As for moving public opinion so as to muke these measures possible, that is dono by essayists, leader writers, authors, poets, dramatists, and other intelligent poisons, who nowudays prevent a Minister from being original in Ills ideas. You, as an Independent member, would havo no chance at all— not the least ghost of a chance — even of introducing a bill." The expression, In dependent mombcr, lioro upplies to Independent party. The ambitions of each are very similar, though tho treatment of them respectively may lm rlilfnriiiiL Tlio Indonendent mombiir ci'in he ignored, the Independent party has to be squelched, And a vory true viow of Parlinhon- tury lifo and action is supplied in another extract from His Lordship's suppositious remarks — " Evory measuro which is brought forward by one or other of the two sides has been talked about, advociitod, discussed in newspapers, iu inagazinos— ovorywiioro— long before. It is brought forward at last when ono party has rnodo up his mind to support it and the other to oppose it. Tho House is divided into two cumps, in which uro the two armies. Tlio bill 1h proposed and meets its fato, All is dono in order, according to. tlio rules of tho game. " What is true of. the House of Commons is also true of colonial Parliaments. The existonco of Inde pendent members or parties is a danger, And if they porsiat in thoir policy of segregation Par liament itself will have to discipline them and force thorn into tlio ranks on ono sido or the other, tliey making their election on which sido llioy sorvc. But tlio existonco of thuso Labor Corners ill tlio Colonial Parliaments will have to bo ended, and it iu surprising liow simply thoy can bo. ("Labor is . entitled to its fair share of representation according to tlio voting power of the constituencies behind it. But it will not be permitted much longer to pose as a "make weight." H will have to accept the ordinary conditions of Parliamentary warfare. If not, it can be set aside and its influence rendered a nullity. The law of Parliament and its regula tions provide for just such conditions as this. We shall have to get back to the old times of party lines unless we can bring ourselves to adopt some substitute like the principle pre ferred by the Swiss, and in doing so the Inde pendent members and the Labor Corners will have to range up under a like challenge to that " under which King Gamaliel speak or die." 