Was it only a Dream ? ' Dreams, dreams, idle dreams. Who believes in them in these days of hard work and hard thinking r Not I, certainly.' muttered Fred Herd man to himself. And yet (lie dream of the previous night had had a strange effect'on the hard- headed youug lawyer. He could not, somehow, shnke off the strange, awesome feeling wh:ch it had awakened, and perhaps that was the reason he was so' ready lo join his mere active and vigorous friend, Tom Lowther, in Ins proposed ' walk on the shore to hive a look at the sea. . Tom Lowther and Frei Herdman were fr.ends of the old-fashioned type. They had been class-mates at school, fought aud played, quatrelled and made it up again, stood up for each other ' through thick and thin,' gone through their college course shoul der to shoulder, and were now ju;t started on their own account as partners in business under tho im posing title of ' Lowther and Herdman, Solicitors. &c.;' 'Ob,' said Fred, as they came within souud of tbe waves roaring along the shore, ' I don't know if 1 should, go that way to -night. I think it must have been the storm and sound of wind and waves that caused me to have such a wretched uight last nig.lt. I had such a strange dream.' 14 Dream, old man,' exclaimed Tom, ' why, I thought you never dreamed. Come on, tell us all about it, do. You are such a desperately practical fellow, it is quite refreshing to think you can be affected in any way by such a flnisy affair as a dream.' ' Flimsy,' repeated Fred, somewhat hotly : ' indeed, I tell you I was actually quaking with horror, or awe, or whatever you like to call it, and bathed in cold perspiration when I awoke.' 44 Oh, come : I say, this sounds interesting. Quite like the effect of a ghost story iu our young days. Let's have the dream, and sec if I can get up a. proper shudder, &c.; It sounds quite the sort of thing to relate within sound of the sad sea waves.' 44 Well,' replied Fred, slowly, ' of course I can not express it as I felt it, but I'll relate it as simply as possible, and you can let me know what you think of it. ' I dreamed that I had come out, as to-night, to fee the storm, but instead of being here I was on a l'ier forming a harbour, where many boats, large and small, were sheltering. ' Within the harbour the water rose and fell in a silent, troubled sort of manner, as though grieving for the stormy sea. Without the storm was raging fiercely. Waves leapt and dashed against the pier, and every now and then the spray drenched those who were walking there. ' ' There was quite a crowd of people, but I did not know anyone. I was moving along with mv hands in my pockets, coat collar turned up and chin well down, when a Bhout of ' 'Ware there ' caused me to turn round, and I saw a huge wave rushing hungrily on towards the pier, making right for where I was. There were many other people near, but somehow I only thought of myself.' ' Ab, not to interrupt,' growled Tom, ' but I Iliink you have been doing a good deal of that lately, my dear boy.' ' Looking back,' continued Fred, ' I stumbled over a little dog, but, quickly recovering, kicked the brute aside, and gained a place of safety just as the wave broke on the pier. Many people were knocked down, and eome even carried over into the harbour. At the same instant a steam whistle sounded loudly close in shore, and I knew a vessel was in danger. ' I cried and wrung my hands, and huddled more closely into my sheltering corner. I thought it was the doorway of a bonded store. What queer things one dreams, to be sure. ' I heard shouting, and saw folks running to and fro, and bright lights gleaming here and there, and kuew that people were flocking to the rescue, but I did not do anything, save just cling the closer to the door-post, thankful to be Eafe myself. ' As things grew quieter, I wished I could open the door behind me and get some of the warming, comforting thiugs from within to drink, for I felt perching with cold. ' Just then I saw a bright light among the crowd in the distance, and a figure bearing a lamp and keys came hurrying towards the spot where I stood. As he came nearrr I called out, asking if all the people were saved. ' ' No,? he replied ; ' we fear there is one lost. There was no one to draw him ashore, and we fear he has been too lorg in the water ; but the harbour master is there now, and he sent me for some w ine from the store here, which we hope may yet revive him.' '' Ah, I'm nearly frozen to death myself,' I re plied, ' and was just wishing I could get something to warm me.' ' He had opened the door while speaking, and by the time I replied he was outside again with a bottle in his band. Slamming the door behind him — ' Work will warm you,' he said, and hurried off. ' I followed, keeping as close by him as possible. I thought at first he might perhaps give me a pull at the Dottle, but not he ; he just flew along over the sands as though on the wings of the wind. I began to slip and stumble on the wet stones and sind, and he got ahead of me. So I thought of going back to my sheltering doorway, when the shout of joy with which he was greeted on reaching the crowd sent such a thrill of new life through me, that I plucked up courage and hurried on. ' By the time I reached the man with the lamp I found the crowd was moving away, and he was kneeling by the side of one who held what appeared to be a drowned man iu his arms. ' The lamp-bearer was apparently doing some thing for the insensible man, but I could not tell what. ' I drew near and stood looking on, Ehivering all the time. I declare it makes me shiver'now as 1 recall it, it was all so real. ' I heard voices, but could not distinguish words, until suddenly he that was holding the man in his arms called out, ' More wine, quick ! he is coming round.' The assistant set down the lamp, and leaning over the prostrate man gave him the wine. Then he moved back with a sigh of relief, and a ' Thank God ! ' ' At that moment the light from the lamp fell full on the faces of the shipwrecked man and the harbour-master, whose eyes looked staright into mine, and with an agonised* cry of 6elf-convictioo I awoke, for He was Christ — the other _wae my brother. ' The fi iends grasped hands tor a muuicut, and continued their walk in silence. — A. ?£., in North British Advertiser. 