STRAY 'THOUGHTB ON SUNDRY SBUBJECTS. Bri DEMOS,] " !The climax of the Beech Forest railway agitation is beyond question-satisfactory. In no place in the colony during.the history of railway construction was there such a sddden change.of front.on the part, of ,the people, but there are often circumstances dvert which hi~man nature' has no control, and this is a case in point. It is wel perhaps niow that, having gained the end sought to be achieved,..we should -let by goenes be bygones and work unitedly for the construction of the line at the earliest possible movement. .... Large landowners are sending.their wool to its destination by -waggoni. Now, there is very little difference in the cost of con veyance by rail and road, and as the rail ways have. enhanced the value of their land cooisiderably it would serve these people right, in despatching their wool by road;,if Government was to put on a stiff tax to make up'the deficiency on the railways; Councillor M'Kinnon- and two other representatives of the Heytesbury shire tried on Tuesday to rescind the resolution fixing the price for stonebreaking at three shillings per yard. It was pointed out that Colac and Hampden only paid two shillings -they might have said less as far as Cblac is concerned-but -Councillor Sylvester promptly replied that that was nothing to go by, as two wrongs did not make a right. The storekeepers -in the borough of Geelong West reckoned to. be doing a cunning thing by going in for the Wed nesday half holiday, as-the town had fixed Saturday. -. The leading-business people, it is stated, will probably.open-branches at Geelong West,. so- -that the- opposition folk will not have - things all to them selves. - .. -- . Is there no sweating in freetrade England ? Mr Robert Sherard, who is pursuing iavestigations. into: the :condition of the masses in the principal cities of England, has commenced to publish his peregrinations broadast. .- They are in deed appalling, and-, show thousands of hard working, struggling men and women, living in a veiled slavery. In the tailoring trade at Leeds this -gigantic evil is de plorably rampant. The females are robbed by cruel fines - and extortionate charges for requisites used-in the manufacture of goods.- Girls are fined 2d for being a minute -late, when there is virtually nothing to do but- wait .for work. One woman told Mr Sherard that she had been fined 2s for bad work, out of- her total earnings for the week of 4s 2d; the bad .work was afterwards sold as good, but she never got the money refunded. Hundreds of instances are given. In one.case it is related: - "When we were all very hungry the.foreman told us there were -100 sailors' suits coming up. Would we do -them. for 3d each?- We refused, as the lowest price was 3Id. The foreman kept us waiting for-a day anda half, and at last we were so hungry that we had to give in. For girls to faint from hunger while waiting for work is' only too common." Thus the necessities of these poor creatures are the means by which the necessities are increased. By means of this murderous d competition the poor cripples are beaten with their own crutches. Post prandial speeches on political p matters seem to be the order of the day a at agricultural shows, and the most of i. them are directed against the Government, but when the peisonnel of these institutions is considered no one is surprised. The subject is generally introduced, no matter :s how ill-mannered or 'inopportune is the e occasion. Mr Duffus, at the Koroit show, n right in the heart of farmiers,"roundly con y demned the Turner Government, which r hs'done'as much as, if not more than, any :t previous administration for the tiller of if the soil. - The Sentinel tells us that the h remarks were received with cheers, but so were those of Sir James Patterson. and his n henchmen when they-were junketting the country and orating over roast turkey and champagne prior to "the last general election. How the country rappreciated r the ex-Ministerialists is now a matter of t history. Surely Belfast can procure a more shining light than Mr.-Duffus; if not the intelligence of - the - people, as regards d the administration of .the affairs of the e- nation,. cannot be up to- a very high standard. . - , The Argus and ito emissaries are making strenuous efforts to -wave the spectre of socialism before the people by confounding t it with Liberalism.: With every pro a bability of being beateli t former points of s vantage this is another of the last resources, \- as the mention of socialism to some people if is like holding a red rag to a bull. Every 1e intelligent person knows that this genera tion, or probably the next, will not see coin plete socialism in yogue, though the s tendency is decidedly- in that direction. >f Therefore to try and introduce it as a ' factor in preo'eit day politics is only a e delusion and a snare. The lion, Tom y Brassey adequately depicted the situas it tion when he stated that socialism r. was true Christianity, that the people did e not understand it, and those at the present y time were totally unfitted to live under a socialistic basis. Liberalism is not synono mous with socialism, and people should y not allow themselves to be allured into the traps of Conservatism through the e raising of a ghost that does not exist. Liberalism aims to secure better con ditibns for the masses, and the wealthy g people who try to fpustrate it will find out d to their cost in the long pun that their policy was a huge mistake. It teg a remgise of despotism and total disregard of the bone and sinew of the nation that brought about the French revolution, and Sperhaps before many years elapse there will be gigantic upbeavalrs in the conti nental countries it better provision be not Smade for thoisands, Imight say millions, of members of the humas family, If Qop., servatives were wise-they would not block aprogressive mocasures, because these must come in the end, perhaps with more disastrous results than would -otherwise be the case. 