-:—^/^o-/5 Anothor suicido wavo. « M ? Mr. Giles, S.M., nayB ho has noon Divinity otudenta behaving riotouoly. Sydnoy doofcors want to altor tho oxproB Bion, ' Upon your Biblo oath ' to ' On your Tcstuinontal microbe.' Tho faoliion editor, married, stntos that not ono woman in a hundrod broathoo normally, and not ono in ton thousand thinks rationally. A Parnvtuutfcn young man has mndo a collection of locks of h'air of his lady frionda, and calla thorn hia ' hairbreadth ! oocapoo.' : Our Boasted Civilinatiou. — Ono of tho - most popular turno at a Now 'Xork dimo ' muoouiu in that of a Frenchman who onto ' rftvr rats for tho amuBoinont of tho multi tude. » ? » Mary Irona v James Irona nppoarcd on tho di*orce-liBt last TuoBday. ? Decree nisi ' for Mnry Irons, roturnablo in ono month. Jnrneu waa convortcd into flat-Irons by Jndgo Simpson immodiatoly Mary 'told hor atory. Two Maorihuul Jay Payu rocontly dis missed tho cano againnt a man who hnd bonton hio 10 yoar old oistor to tho color of raw livor with a knotted stick. Tho \ lor inoroly cautionod him ' not to Ioho hio tompor a(jQin.' Now Zoaland ia ovidontly ' a progressive colony. ? ? ? Tho entwining of thoEusaian and French ongloB makoD tho funnicnt BiaiuoEO twins yot soon in Europoan hiutory. Tho only fitting parallel to thin extraordinary com bination would bo for M'Gowon and^Dr. M'Laurin to walk down Goorgo-Btroot urm in-ariu togothor. ? ? ? Tho Australian Axomon'o AnGOciation in Bonding Gladatouo homo n hatchob to cutdown hit) chorry trcoa with. It in to bo hoped that tho G.O.M. will nob havo to bo ' axed ' tivico to nccopt tho novel pronont, »nd that ho won't got an odgo on tho Ae Booiation for making nn Antipodean atia of itnclf. * -* ? Sir Atigtiotio ITitrrio in ntated to hnvo coourod X100 worth of nogativoa of photo graphn of Kalgoorli nnd tho uurrounding dbtrictn, illustrating flold lifo, mining, nnd prospecting. A grand panorama of tho Woab Auutrnlian goldflolda is to bo ex hibited in London. Ib will bo a good thing for tho brokoro. * « ? A whito wnintcoat and black coat aro crooping into fnahion for dinnor wear at tho Dwell Coolgardio hotohi, but moot nioti koop to a oummorbund and jnakob. Anothor w oil-known ronort io patroniood by tho opiouroa of Coolgardio, who bogin tho day with jpate-d«-foi-gra- and challh. Son;o of theao gontlomon pay nn muoh ns JJ20 a wook.for their dinuoru. And yob hitudroda aro utnrving. a » ' *- Woman haa gob tho franohiaot — Tho ladioa of St. Goorgo'u Ohurch down at tho Tlmmon, W.K., hnvo junfc orcftnlRoil nml corrJod oub a iiociul gathering, ono of tlio diotinotivo fcivturou of which wnn a bonnofc trimniing competition confluod atvlotly to young inon. Tho young m«s.Tc'bmpoMtora, wo ftro told, dlupluyod woiulorful doxtority ?v/ith tho iioik11-d nnd thrond, nnd iihowod that: they hnd flviuntnod themaolvon ivith tho lcitoot (nulilou noton on colorn, ntylon, Tho preBoht troublo with tho Mutaboio in South Africa ia cnid to lmvo ariccu mainly through thohabituof tho Europoan oottlcra, who havo a hubifc of brutally il! troating thoir Mntabolo boys, knocking thorn down, and ovon kicking thom i& \ death. A Natal native, being a Imlf-brocl, enn bo thrashod with impunity, hut thrf : Matabolo, boing puro-brod Zulus, .won't' Btand ill- trontmont for vory long. , , Thoro aro 10 luoky poopio in this colony who can trnvol froo on tho railw»yn no long on thoy livo. No mattor wlmb politioal ' changoD tako plnco, no matter v/lmt Govern- ; tnout comoo into powor, thoir lifo-n.annorj hold good, Even it ono of tho 10 gob into gaol tho privlloijo ot tho froo rluo conld not bo denied him, An awful thing haa happened in Novr Zaaland, tho land of tho Labor Man nnd tho Enfranchised Female A young Auck land girl, half.way through hor teona, hao been dolivored of triplotn. Tho infanta aro nil boya, and tho mother atendfaotly rofunon to divulgo tho natno of thoir father. If this hnd happened nnywhoro olso, bub in progroBalvo Now Zealand, isn't it too torrlblo?. ;it*-rn*:-'~ Sanltoy, of Moody nnd Snnicoy famo, haa boon trying to gob np ivnothor ovangolioal . vovivnl in tho Statoa. Sooniu an if poopio tKon'b vfan'b..nny moro rovlvaln or cheap iini'inoniumo, for thoy wouldn't lioton to him. Moody lino tftlcon oai'o of hia atuff, and in now onjoyiuff hio big £ortuno down ou tho fium in Koittucky.. The 'Daily Ghost' is laid at last. Bumorod that a otrong deputation of pawnbrokers will ? waib upon Parliamonb to protest against tho ' Tick Bill.' * * ? It would bo intorooting to know how much of tho worker's money hn.n boon stolon by Bocrotarioa of unions and friondo of ' tho cauBo' during the laiib (ivo yearB. Extract from catalogue of Molbourno landing library t — 'In tho novola nnd atories markod with an astoriak tho happy ^ couplon get mnrriod nt tho flninU and livo happily ovor after.' A Sydney mnn of como notoriety wont on a llttlo vacation twclvo montho ago. Tho Other dny hiu wifo ftppliod for a divorce, ' and got it. Unlcnu n man oticko to his bosinosa and hio wifo thoso go-ahead days ' ho is likoly to got loft. Ameiican v/ivoo of Engliah noblomon ;noir practically control tho movomonta of London oocioty bochuflo thoy- Jmvo tho ?? groat houaoa, tho groat fortunes, tho wit and tho potror of osaotnbling innumerable : riob, clovor! or protty unmarried American ' iromon about thorn. .An Even' Noose rtd. :— XTOTICFu to CobDioii--nowar(l of £5 for in ?*?- formation by cinbmtin wlioro younn mun *wllh tin truuk wan tnkon to from I'ntont Blip Tffhnrf on morning of 'in& luotmit. l'lonno cull Johnaton'a Hotel, conior l'ltt mid VViltuot ?treoto, oltjr. 'What did tliat young man have in hifi tin trunk P Tlio National Cat Club of England has boon rooonutructod. All tlio prominent membera naturally are of tho folino gendor. .Lady Marcua Horeuford in tho moving spirit. Tho club will havo ologant promiBftt in a fnaliionablo part of London, with a roforonco library (contilatingBololyof books relating to cats) attached, Tho teacher in a cortain nuburban Bunday-Bchool wnu ondortvoring to iuiprona npon his pupilu ono aftornoou recently tho nnughttnoBa and dnngor of contracting n tasto for liquor from tho habit of draining tho glassoa loft by thoir elders. Addrcasing himsolf to ono etito boy ho naid, 'Now, Johnny, I am nuro you would not drink tlio dreadful stuff if your father loft any in hia glaeo. Now, wliy wouldn't you drink P' 'Bocaueo I couldn't,' oaid Johnny, with raro caudor 1 ' fathor novor loavoa any to tako!' ? ? ? Panning tho gallory ntaira at tho Royal tho othor ovoniii(j ivo ovorhvurd tho follow ing dialoguo: — ' Hollo, Dill, whoro'n Jim P' ' Outside,' replied Hill. ' Woll, ain't ho coming in F' 'No.' 'Why ftiu'fc ho P Maofc havo chaugod hiu mind mighty oudden.' ' Woll, you 000,' nin eworod Bill, ' ho wont and uwallowod hio blooming bob.' ? » ? JINGO HONG. Nnw AuimuMiH Vuuuiow. Wo don't want to flfcht, Wo'vo nomotlihm olno to (lo, W« havo 110 ' dlbba,' Wo lmvo no guna to pnt tho Ruuoian through. We don't wnnt to fl/?ht, We'd muoh profor to food t Lot. thono who want to tihod thoir fforo go out' forthwith — and blood. ? .. V ? ? ? A Sydnoy dotootivo not long nlnoo found , himself in a, rathor awkward dUorama, and ' oxtrloatod himaolf aftov a novol JJauhSon. Ho oomo nuddouly wpon n pn,vfcy who wan ' v/ttul«d.' It wiia uti \moxpuotod tiiooting on both uldon, nnti tho dotootivo having iotb htn ' durbioa ' ab homo, wnn placod at a diaadvantago, Ilo wna oqual to tho omor goncy, liQwovor, for ho cut tho imnpoat'n, brnooB, and tho follow wnn fchon lcopfc bS buuily ocouplod in holding tip hia tiounorn that hin lmndu raighb nu woll lmvo boon (ulornqd with ntoolbracorola ftfr nil tho uno thoy woro to him. ME. JUSTICE SIMPSON. , 'JTOR I'M A JUBQE, AISQ.A GOOD JOBdE TOO.' 