and Swithin yrere the £mii»'faoe£bejmuaio at Morphettville on Tuesday riJornimb the trio being sentanoe round at agood sound paoe. Anglo-Saxon slipped ever - fivp furlongs in 1 min. 10, sec. Ooncttssioii,Ihike of fiiohmanA,, arid Surofoot werajjiyen Jong steady -work, while Scutum and Seourifcyran throe furlongs at a steady pace.Eosedalo, who was piloted by Bove ridge, slipped over ainiJe.but made ao time. Miraolum, .Thunder Queen, Fort Admiral, Fleet; Admiral, and Besptmd were all given steady, exercise. . Ensign*: got over * df a a couple of; circuits at half ana three quarter paoe, The Golden King {Mason) was given a couplo ofroundsover: the hurdles, and the 'King of -the King representative shapedfairlywell. Supposition, FoliMje, and Nomadic were not. extended- Jack - Tar concluded his work by spurtiim oyer four fur longs. Diadem, Trentalto; Pitchery. Bose Park, and The Idler were given useful work, while Hear Hearnegotiated a mile in even time. Alveaiy left half a mile behind in 65 seoi, but Thunderer and Wrangler only can tered. ' Danbydale was sent a round, and Doric three rounds at half- pace. Mermaid ahd'the Derby colt Eleusinian were treated to long steady work. Dalesman ran a round at half-pace, while. Broken Hill was credited with three rounds. Princess of Wales and Blodwen were coupled over a mile and a quarter, which they left behind in 2 min. 30} sec. Bluff was given long useful exercise. Lord Salisbury and Taliesin spurted four fur longs at the back of the course, but made no time. Nackaraand Floodbird were the first to put in an appearance at Morphettville on Thurs day morning, the pair being sent a round at a good pace. Switchin joined in the last mile, which was run in 2 min. } sec. Anglo-Saxon was credited with a fast six furlongs. Sura foot and Lord Bichmond were restricted to long steady exercise, while Concussion and Viking put in a couple of circuits at half-pace. Port Admiral and Pitchery were bowling along over a mile and a quarter. The Idler was given long steady exercise, while Hear Hear, who put m a couple of rounds, was never allowed to go beyond half-pace. Bose dale finished up her work by running a mile at a good sound gait. Tron talto and Diadem, who wore companions for a six-furlong flutter: finished together. Quinn's team, including Rose Park, Scutum, Security, Nomadic, Foliage, Clytemnestra, Supposition, and The Golden King, were restricted to long, steady exercise. Ensign, with F. Hill in the saddle, was credited with useful work. Alveary, who was piloted by Boase, ran a round at half-pace. Thunderer and Wrangler were given use ful exercise, while Danbydale was rospon "feible for a round at half pace, Happy Jack and Iluree were coupled for a circuit at three quarter pace. Blodwen and Princess of Wales put in a good once round, whilst Broken Hill was treated to long, half, and three-quarter pace work. The remainder of Hill's team, Elusinian, Mermaid, Steeltrap, Dalesman, Taliesin, and Lord Salisbury, were all indulged in serviceable exercise. The Old Course. Playboy was the first to put in an appearance on the Old Course on Tuesday morning, and finished up three rounds by spurting the last few furlongs. Lord Grenville was given long medium work, while Carmelite put in a couple of circuits at half and three-quarter pace. Juliet was bowling along, and left the last round behind in 2 min. 8 sec. Firelock spurted over a couple of furlongs, while Wahine and Dick Whittington were companions in-a six furlong fluttei, the watch registering 1 min.. 26 sec. Helena s mission was a round, which she left behind in 1 min. 581 sec. Conscript and Gipsy Queen took 2 min. 57^ sec. to nego tiate a mile and a half, while De la Volta slipped over six furlongs in 1 min. 25 sec. Confidence was given long work at three quarter pace. All Fours and Angler were together for three rounds, the pair getting over the last mile in 1 min. 58| sec. Have lock ran a round in 2 min. 5 sec., while The Royalist and Dianthus made even time in a mile gallop. Jack Sprat negotiated his last round in 2 min. 2J soc., and Strike put in good useful work. Recoup and Regent traversed a mile in 1 min. 5 sec., the latter finishing in front. Radiant and Gaillardia, who finished together( were sent for three rounds, the last one being got over in 2 mm. 4 sec. _ Bombastic did useful work, while Simple Jim put in a couple of circuits at three-parts pace. Kingfisn was treated to some long steady work, while Cigarette slipped over six furlongs in 1 min. 24 sec. Sir George was given sound steeple chase work, and got over the last round in 2 min. 7 sec. Trout was given useful exercise. Kirkby was responsible for a mile run in 1 min. 532 sec., while Longbow took 4h see. Hi longer to get over the same distance. H ome Rule, The Ghost, and Jackeroo wero all credited with good work.. Snowdrift and Isinglass negotiated their last round in 2 min. 6 sec. First Master slipped over six furlongs in 1 min. 26 sec., but Fund was*not extended over a similar distance. Conventioner ran a round in 2 min. 3 sec., while Mompatook 1 min. 57£ sec. to get over a mile. Kase and Electric left six furlongs behind in 1 min 26 sec. Consequence and Eaglehawk put in some useful work. Lord Grenville, in view of his engagements on the other side, put in good work on Thurs day morning over a distance. Gipsy Queen and Juliet were coupled for a round at a strong pace, while Wahine got over six furlongs in 1 min. 25| sec. Barter was bowling along over a couple of rounds, and Dick v/hittington spurted two furlongs. Carmelite and De la volta were companions for a mile spin, the watch registering 1 min. 55 sec. Helena left six furlongs behind in l min. 23 sec. Confi dence was credited with good steeplechase work, while Conscript and Conventioner put in two good rounds. Dianthus and The Royalist were coupled for a round, the last six furlongs taking 1 min. 29£ sec. All Fours did long, half, and three-quarter pace exercise, and Jack Sprat went very well over two rounds, negotiating the last in 2 min. 2 sec. Angler was not idle, and Radiant put in long, half, and three-quarter pace work. Home Rule was moving along for a round. Recoup and Regent got over a mile and a quarter in a shade over even time. Simple Jim, Woodfield, and Jackeroo were responsible for sound steeplechase work, while Havelock was seen to advantage over a couple of rounds. Bombastic put in some good work. Sir George (Hussey) was schooling over the fences, and shaped well. Gaillardia and Long bow got over their last mile in 1 min. 66£ sec., but Strike only cantered. Encounter worked steadily, spurting home. Count (Hussey) was schooling over the fences, but he shaped none too well. Kirkby put in a capital round, First Master bringing him home the last six fnrlongs. Trout and Mompa, were coupled for a mile, which they covered in 1 min. 53£ sec. Isinglass and Snowdrift did good work, cover ing their last round in 2 min. 4 sec. Orb (Barnes) was schooled over the hurdles. Kase ran Bix furlongs in 1 min. 26 sec., and Fund spurted three furlongs in 41 sec. Eclipse did useful work. The Victorians, Rorke's Drift I abonti.,"- ^•''.;T.:-: 