FIVE DECADES Have passed away since Wolfe's Schnapps was first introduced, and to-day it is still unrivalled as" a medi cal beverage. Rkmabdep.—At the Police Court on Thursday morning James Elliott was charged with abetting in con nection with the caee of having gold in his possession reasonably suspected to hare been stolen, for which George Itewlcy was sentenced to 3 months' imprisonment. Mr. Kearney appeared for sccusod,aDd after evidence as; to | the arrest had been taken, I"' '<;.as re manded till Tuesday next,..bad being; allowed. i Tenukiis Accepxkb.—It e an-! nonnoed in the Government Gazette j that tenders have been accepted for' the following contracts;—Roads; contract No. 3295-0, Grafton, yiq Glen Innes, to Inverell, J. Sweeney; No. 3106-6, Grafton, via Glen Innes, to Inverell, J. Faulkner. Bridges;: over The Bluff, road Glen Innes to Tenterfleld, J. Strauss, Tenterfield. " Austealian Mutual Pbuttdgkt Societx.—It is officially stated by the A.M.P. Society that ilB new business for the past year shows a marked increase over that of the previous twelve months, the amount of new assurances bBing hut a few thousands short of three millions .sterling. The new policies issued numbered 10,857, assuring £2,982,602. The society may be congratulated on showing such a* satisfactory return for A period which thongh brighter, than the previous year, was hot yet marked by any great commercial activity. Extension ,,of Business,—Mr. C. Fitz;nralH, tobacconist, news agent, and hairdresser, of 'Beardy-atreet,' tind itig bin present premises inadequate to curry on bis ever-increasing business, his opened up a branoh estaldisliuient in the premises immediately adjoining the Imperial' Hotel. The new shop, which is spealally adopted to the carry itig on of tho hairdressing business, has been fitted up in tip-top style througboui. A new patent American chair has been placed in the saloon, and with the other necessary appliances evury'hing is in working order. First class metropolitan bands have been a-tanged for the saloon of each shop, and there should now be very little delay when anything in the " tonsorial" line is required. An excellent stock of the various brands of tobaccos, cigars, and pipes is always on hand-to select from. Death in tub Hospital.—Mrs, Mary Duray, wife . of Mr. Anthony Buray, of Guyra, who had been a patient in (he Amiirlale Hospital, died there on Wednesday morning of enteritis. The remains of the deceased, who was SI years of age, were con veyed hy train to Goyra for interment. Aw. Nations Faih,—The extensive; preparations for the itrand " All Nations Fair," to he held in the New i Town Hall next week, are now fasti npproachiug completion. In addition to the many attractions already; announced,—Pepper's Ghost, ■■ the Museum of Curiosities,- the Delphic Oracle, Punch and Jndy, the popular scientific experiments, Fairyland, and the marvellous telescope and micro scope,—there will be on view a large and beautiful collection of basketware, the handiwork of the blind. The services of the band moreover have beau secured tor the several evenings. The scenic representations of the houses and stores of Scotland, Norway, Switzerland, France, Wales, Japan, j Italy,'Spain, China. and India, winch ! have necessarily involved an immense •mount of both work and skill are in an advanced stage of preparation. To see these, and the ladies and gentle men attired in the characteristic costumes ot the different nationalities, will in itself be well worth a visit to the Fair. The Fair will be opened ,at 8 o'clock prompt next Wednesday evening by Mr. Chas. Wilson, J P., the. ex- Mayor, - In connection with the opening .'ceremonies there is to take place a grand inarch in costume of the different nationalities.' The " All Nations Fair " will undoubtedly be a unique entertainment, and one of the biggest things that Armidale has yet ' seen. The charges for admission, moreover, are most reason able. Fatai. Mining Accident.—At rwo o'clock yesterday a shockingly sudden death overtook Thomas J. A Clark, a miner working at the bottom of the Great Britain shaft, Tilbnster, which shaft is now 250ft. deep. .'Owing it is said to something going wrong with the winding gear, the bucket full of mullock wjiich was being. hoiBted, suddenly rau tack to the bottom and' striking thsfftoomeditnan, killed him instautly. .An inqueet will be held at Tilbuster at 10. o'clock to-day. The deceased, who was about 42 .years of age, was a widower, his only child residing with his sister-in-law, in Bydney. The unfortunate man, thus cut off in hisprime without a moment's warning, was a eon of Dr. Clark of New Zealand, formerly an army surgeon. Heweis a tvell educa cated, studious, steady and industrious mau, well liked- by all I thi'< -men on the field. It is said he owned a 10th share < fplly - paid up in' the'! Mary AndersoD, a 10th shartfln the 6-acre block adjoining (to be known. as the Golden Dream) and 200 shares in the Perseverance; near the Great Britain. Clark was formerly in the police force and while stationed at Barraba it is staled he was shot in tbe head with £ ballet, which aeconnted for his wearing a silver plate on his skull. His sudden end was a great shock to all his mates and the officials at tbe mine, work at which was immediately suspended; The accident is most re grettable in many ways; the cause of it is expected to be made clear at the inquest. The winding engine was at the. time in charge, of a most capable and experienced driver. " « j 'Ubaila Sno w.—The" Ural la "Show tukea place on . the 25 and 26th February. A full listof "special prizeB appears in this issue. Demii.—Yesterday morning Mr. Allan M'Donald, selector,;of Summef viile, Kentucky, died at the St. Kilda Hotel. Mr, M'Donald was well and bearty en Friday laBt when be was [employed making hay on bis selection. He suddenly becaciu. ill, and went home .to bed. Finding that be was getting no belter be came to Anni on Monday, for the purpose of receiving "proper medical treatment. Despite'alljbnat medical skill could do, ho gradually became worse, and passed away peacefully as stated. Deceased was a bod of Mr. Allan ] M'Donald one of the oldest residents of Armidale, and leaves si wife and eleven children, for whom sincere sym pathy is felt. Chin-Ciiia Tea is salting freely in New South Wales. : All toversofgood Tea should be sure to try it. Value is undoubtedly given, independent of the free aieidunt-'i policy which u enclosed in esch tin and packet.* At the Licensing Court yesterday renewals of publican's licenses were granted to. F. B. Wade and John Crougb, jun., both of Hitlgroye. At the meeting of the General Committee of the A and N. ID. Hospi tal yesterday afternoon alltheoflioers andstaff vv^re re-elepted unanimously. The anniial dle ribution of prizes to the soholara of' the Presbyterian Sunday School was made in the Olympic Hall on Tuesday evening last, by Mr. A. D. Robertson. Solos and recitations were given by some of tb« teachers and sobolars, at the conclusion of which refreshments wercdistrihu'nd, and altogether oinost enjoyable evening was spent. . Wo would draw.ntten'inn to Mr, T. Lambert's advnrtia-mcnt in this issue,'stating the low price of grapes, which .are represented as being of the heat quality. An attractive sample of the.crapes is displayed in Mr. Lam. bert's shop window. Hie Honor. Judge Coffey left Armidale at 6,30, n.m. on Wednesday Inst and arrived in Ketnpsey at 11 o'clock on Thursday—a distance of 119 miles.' Mr. ' Weston, of Armidale, is responsible for having got His Honor through in about the quickest time on record.' 