Pastoral Letter. OF THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA ASSEMBLED IN. SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL. ; To (lie Clergy and Laity of their Charge, (Continuedfrom ourLast.) CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. • Our Divine Redeemer lms forowiroqd ua that our loyalty to Him will bo tostod severely. To provo our diBciplesliip we shall be called upon to take up the Cross, if wo are worthyof Him, we must :be -prepared to face the scorn of the whole world, and forego overy comfort—houses and lands, homo and tho love of friends. His commands have also proved prophetio. His Church .has stood out through the ages, unique and un mistakable for her. devotion to, His Cro§s, His enemies at one time strove to tear tier away from Him, or to leavo her widowed of the children she had begotten in the Gospel,. I by torments and death. They failed; they I only brought discomfiture upon, themselves , and upon the powers of darkness# Bub'the , Prince of this . world pursues his ways un» weariedly, and suits his methods of attack to tho genius of each age. He no longer in* cites to open attacks on account of religion, nor counsels confiscation or torments. . His aim, however, is not less deadly. He Beeks' to poison the springs, of' Catholio life, the home and the school. Herein the entire growth of each generation tqkes place. You cannot dissociate them as agencies in the formation and development of mind and heart. Let but indifference to the claims of Christ upon our loyalty once g^t established in the home ana in the school, and the character of the new* generations will bo deoidedly unchristian. We have spoken; to you of tho chief dangers that beset the home. Lets us warn, you of those which lurk in the school. You, Catholib parents, would nob commit your children s oducab:on to teachers who made no .secret of their wish to pro selytise them. Wo can conceive' of no Catholic parent so callous. But remember that" there is such a Lhing as unintentional, unconscious proselytism which is more likely to be effectual than when it is avowed.- No child, no student will refuse deference and credit to the teacher, if the latter is at all qualified for his position. Instinctively the learner trusts .at- once to the authority and the competence of his teacher. And is ib possible that two minds can remain in aotive communication, in friendly relationship with each other, for years perhaps, the one sub missive and receptive, theotherauthoritative, instructing and directing, without produoing impressions far more profound and lasting than what is ordinarily contemplated in the school course. Tb is only right and proper that the teacher should so influence the child. Itis htaduty todoso* But if the teacher knows the Catholic religion bub imperfectly, which unless he is a Catholio will certainly be the case—-if, consequently, he views life and'its manifold obligations from a standpoint which is not a Catholic, how is it possible for his intercourse with his pupils, honest and conscientious as he may be, not- to result in predisposing them against the: faith of their baptism ? We have always insisted, and we shall always insist, that religion must be positively taught at sohool as well as in the home. Less than this will not suffice to secure the necessary instruction in religious knowledge. The exercises of &chool;, like those out of it, ought to open with prayer, and ought to be leavened with religious observances throughout. This is essential to a true Catholic education, and Catholics will not rest content with less. Bub even were we to assume that non-Catholic teachers were scrupulously wary in avoiding attempts to undermine tho religion of their Catholic pupils -and very many would mako no such attempt—yet there remains .much more than a negative dis^dvantage for the Catholic child ; he necessarily, oatches somew thing of his master's religious tone. And, theroforej we are bound to admonish Catholic paronts, that in placing their children under teaoherf?, who are nob of their own faith, they are in all cases exposing the faith "of tho children to danger. Men who have no definite religious beliefs will not appreciate thin reasoning. They lack tho principle which gives it force. But Catholics under stand its meaning, and they have shown how earnestly ib appeals bo them. But, un fortunately, il is not true that all teachers in the public schools of theso colonies are tender of Catholic susceptibilities. The Church ha^ no means of excluding from the public school the sectarian fanatic or the still more fanatical Agnostic. She has no power to remove from the class room that aggressive spirit, that contemptuous reference to her history, her doctrines, and her sacra ments, which haB flourished unrebuked in high places. Tho entire genius of the public school system is antagonistic to that which the Catholics demand, and it is surely no wonder that public schools become centres of more than passive hootility to tho faith of Catholics. Under guiso of fair play they are got up, unknowingly on tho part of tho great bulk of the people, but none the Iosb effectually, as points of attack upon . tjio Catholic religion. Wo do nob charge our fellow countrymen with deliberate intent to assail the Catholic religion through tho system of education now in vogue.' In point of facb tho system is hold by Catholics tj bo inimical to their faith, nnd therefore it is unacceptable to them. And on this matter they alone are competent to judge. To tako it out of their hauds is simply to trample on freedom of thought, and freedom of .con science. No one dare protend any longer that this opposition to tho public school wystem emanates only from tho Bishops I and priests. Twonty years of hard work in establishing and maintaining Catholic schools have scattered that fallacy to tho winds. Catholics arc solid with their spiritual gbides on this all important question, and the organ« of publio opinion have come to admit as much. But tho Catholic child who is compelled to attend a secular non-Catholio sohool not only runs risks to his faith ; his morals may also be imperilled. We would . fain pa9s over this topic, were it nob forJliQ .gravity of tho intereets involved. Bub the purity of mind, the chastity of lifo which tho Churoh endeavours to cultivate in the littlo ones of Christ must bo our justification. This is tho jewel of youth, the pledgo of a righteous life. The Catholio homo is redolent of tho j chaste atmosphere cf Nazareth*; so is tho Catholio school : tho sanctions of faith, tho I examples of Saints, and above all the Queen ! of Saints, the united prayer, tho ojaoulatory invocations of Divine help at each stroke of tho hour—those aro so mnny ever- recurring reminders to the young heart of things heavenly, they so loavon tho ontiro waking • life of tho child that he comes to grow up under their influence, and with tho confirm ing grace of the Sacraments acquires that Catholio instinct which makes him recoil from whatever is darkly suggestivo. Bub remove him froin theso salutary influences; cast him with his plastic, unformod natuio into the midst of companions, who at all events do not review morals from the stand point of Catholic faith ; whoso homos havo not a uniform standard of morals : who belong to sects and communities holding very diverso'opinions on most practioal lifo questions ; and nil of whom foel that in tho school, religion, with its sanctions, is rnoro or less a forbiddon subject; aro wo to expect thr.t children of tender years, of immaturt[judgmi?nt,yet developing pasBlons,. will oontinuo to observe stoical self-restraint frura tliu beggarly motives supplied them in the moral instructions approved by secularists ? They who think they will muBt bo singularly ignorant of what passes ; they who are satisfied to expose tho ohildren to suoh a perilous experiment must' set littlo store by tho moral purity of the rising generation. Henco, Oatholio - parents are not justified by ordinary necessities in send-* ing thoir children to suoh schools. Under extraordinary difficulties thoir offorts to counteract tho ovil influences of auoh sue* (onhdings, as well as the speoial vigilance which tho master may be supposed to exercise, will doubtless be seconded by Bpecial graces from heaven. The Holy Ghuat measures His aids by tho needs that cry out {or them ; but such needs must not be of our own ohoosing ; when we unnecessarily expose ourselves or our oharge to danger, wo forfeit our claim to speoial grace. The Holy Ghost tells us that they who love tho danger shall perish in it. itid hence, whonever it is possible to maintain a Catholic school, there the pastor and tho parents will be accountable to our Divine Master, if through inertness they suffer His little ones to bo scandalized, to be seduced from that saving dootrino which he oimo on earth to teach them, and from that holy conversation nnd that everlasting life which He died upon tho Cross to bestow on them. His wotds should ever ring in the ears of those who havo charge of youth. To pastors and parents they are a dreadful warning : " tie that Bball scandalize one of theso littlo ones that believe in mo, it were better for him that a mill-stone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea" (Matth. ivni. 6.) (To be Continued.) I 