Th6 Distillery Grhost, I It is not necessary to this story that I con jugate my verb ' to bo' in the past tcnee. In fact, it is a painful subject to me, so I will merely say that I am a tramp of interest to no ono, except by chance to the farmer's dog or to tho police. On tho particular day of which I speak I had been walking since sunrise along roads whero tho hot dust spurtea unaer my siiunung biu^b, tho sight of a solitary blotch of sliad.e was as grateful as the clink of ico to tho thirsty. . I carried ft companion in my pocket, n little, flat, black companion, and every now and thon, when the prospect becamo unusually dry nnd my hunger too insistont, I raised to my lips that mouth which alone of all others had been constant to me — the mouth of tho bottle. Toward afternoon, as I marched doggedly on, I becamo aware of a sudden cool lapping of shadow ovor my shoulder, and, glancing about, I Baw that a storm was beating up behind mo. Tho clouds were gorged and purple with destruction, and tlio lightning whipped out its vivid lash above the horizon, while tho thunder chattered sullenly. By some malevolent inspiration I remom bered having hoard that on this very road stood a disused distillery, a favourite roosting place for travellers of my description. ; Not far ahead was a clump of pine treos, and behind them rose tho outlines of an old chimney. I hurried towards, the place, plunging through a tangle of dusty weeds, and, sure enough, there stood the building of which I was in search, its sagging roof and bursting wallB green with age. Thoro wore two holes ripped in the roof, staring deep and empty as tho oyes of a skull. I crawled under tho. door just in time, for the noxt momont tho rain camo pouring down straight as molted load. It must havo boon a dismal place, but now, undor the thick sky and drumming rain drops, it waB particularly dispiriting. There were twb rooms on tho lower floor with no visiblo means of com munication but a wide window sot in tho wall. Tho glass panes wore unbroken, and tho room behind wns perfectly dark. Connect ing these rooms' with tho attic was a rickety staircase. Tho earthen floor was covered with a dank mesh of pino noodles and pale grass blades. I cowered against tho wall whilo tho storm boomed aud crackled over my head, closing my oyes from time to time against tho shock of white fire that darted through tho chink and undor tho door. Presently,' as I sat with. my hot lids, drawn down, I folt a startling sonso of someone look ing at mo ; I turned quickly toward tho win dow of whioh I havo spokon, and thoro, pressed against tlio dark glasB, was a face, peering at mo steadily. Oh, tho horror of that faco ! for, as I looked, tho outlines began to oliange and grow, liko somo groat colourloss jelly — a 'soft, human jolly, oozing and sproading across tho panes. I shut my oyos, and , my hoart battered my ribs. Again I looked, still tho faco was there, only this timo the slack mouth drew back in a sickening smile, and it ran out its blue tonguo, licking its loose lips quiotly, I Btarted to my foot with a cry, , and as I did so tho window began to slido up, I droppod to tho floor weak with foar, and tho Bash foil into plaeo again. Thon I realizod that I must lie thoro absolutely still, for if I roBe tho window roso too— lio thoro and look, whilo that faoo loored at too from behind tho. glass. By and .by 'it bogan to movo with a flaccid, golatinouB swaying. I saw it bond ovor and raiso, something from tho, floor, something that; had been a man, but now hung quito limply in its mouth. ' It pressod . tho body against tho window, laughing silently,, and , I saw — myself 1 , God help ino ! for tho first timo in this world I lookod into , my own faco, My own faco, did I say P No, no I some bloated animal; purplo, pimplod, with oyoballs so bloodshot that thoy scorned to bo staring through a wob of rod laco. : How long 1 lay tlioro I .cannot toll. At last I moved, and my hand touoliod some thing cold ?, it was my bottlo, tho companion of my wanderings, I lipid it up and saw that thoro was still a drop or two in it. I drainod it to tho drogB, I At that momont tho Thing bogan to raiso its. pallid, horrible foolors',' ' twisting tliem x^out tlio body it hold, snapping tho HmbsofE \hd dropping them into its mouth, whoro tho bltio tonguo oarossod thom hungrily. It had finishod its moal, but it still kept its vaguo oyos on mo, and thon I roalisod that I was moving, slipping quiotly toward, it 1 I jlutchod at tho rotting stops and thoy ortimblod to brown powder in my hands. I jjround my flngors into tlio qartlii until thoro was a trail of bloody mud aftor., mo. Thon I mado ono suporliuman effort, dashod up tho swaying staircaso, and brolco into tho attic. I slammod tho door 'nnd, .throw mysolf against it, for I had soon tliiit aooursed Win dow dart up with a orasli' as I ' loapod,, and I know that tlio Thing would, follow mo, and tear mo to piocos, and plungo mo into its mouth, and innsli'and manglo mo botwoon its toothloss gams I ' *' Tho room whoi'o I found mysolf was, dim and wot. Botwoon tho oraoks in tho wall a flaming glimpso of sunsot glowed liko a forgo in tho twiHght. ' : Hvory broath of naturo was huBliod nowj tho rain oamo in only in loosely-blown gusts, and tho tlnindor had shuddorod into silbnoo ?, but my hair roso nnd my JIobIi grow rough and ioy, for on tho stairway was a soft, croaking sound, thon a stoady pushlag ngainst tho door, ( , I liowlod aloud in my anguish, and thon tho sound of my voioo sot tho plaoo hollowing with oohoos, My arms , woro torn and tlio bonon nearly snapping from tho prossuro, and still I' folt tlio door oponing, oponing, Thoro was a ortuioli — ono rusty hingo droppod olattoring oil tho floor, anotlior, and for a momont tho door tottorocl, and foil for ward, noarly orushing mo j but no, I was too quick, I. wftH mud with fonr, Ono instant only wo stood looking at onoh othor, tho Thing Cramod in tho empty door spuoo, and I — a wild boast orazod with tho florousl) raoo, iimtinoli i thon I plunmod forward ancl out' through a vont in tho torn olapboarding, I folt tho wood Hiia]) and givo, and tho awful swoop of my fall, and know that tlio Thiijg had hurlod itsolC aftor mo, I Horambloti to my foot and wont rushing, flying down tho ompty road, Tho wot bjislibs Hwopii my faoo and oiling, olammy oh doad hands thai would liavo stopped niy llight, and all tho timo I hoard tlio Tiling behind mo— hoard tho plash of tlio puddloH as :lt trailed through thorn and tlio boat of itsfonn loSH HtopB.' „ ? ' , , Tho moon was rising aorojw, iho road, a gruulj uwollou Uiolc, utmguluo amV tlimiiyu ing. I remember evory scene; the jerky flit. in g of a bat, the dark, spray of some hanging vine, and the pounding of my own steps, I remember catching my ragged shoe in a root that had crawled out from th ; hedge and hearing a deep, horrible cliuckleo then I fell forward — and remember nothing moro. ' . It was midnight when I becamo conscious again, Tho moon had shrunk into the zen ith aud was looking at me with its littlo white eye. I was very weak, and my hands were stiff with dry blood. There was not a living thing iii sight, only the pale x'ibbon of the deserted road and tho gray fields stretching away to the sky. Par on my loft stood a clump of pine trees : behind them roso the outlines of an old chimney, and sick, as I was, I went hobbling through the night till the place was lost to view. Then I crawled into a bay-rick^ — and slept. ? ? ' 