THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, the conjurer, relates some of bis experiences to a writer in the " English Illustrated Magazine " :—" Apart from mere objective illusion," he says, " appar itions exist only in imagination. The great , proof of this is the question of clothes. If spirits appeared like some of the * living pic tures,' apparently in the nude, one migut be in clined to believe in their reality. I believe I wan the first to suggest this objection, about 30 years ago. I was 1 nv'ug a discussion with Mr. Benjamin Coleman, s nnamed, ' Tie Father of English Spiritualists," a very nice, amiable, and credulous old gentleman. He was describing & seance he h:;d attended and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. She had never seen him in earth-1'■>, but recognised him froitt a painting. The s irifc appeared in periwig, knee-breeches, an». a yreen coat with gilt but tons. ' Then,' said i, * this lady not only saw the spirit of her grandfather, but also the spirit of his green coat and gilt buttons !' Mr. Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled ex pression. I continued : * Do you really believe that there is such a thing as the spirit of acoatFr ' No,' said he, * I cau't think that, and I can't^ account for the appearance of the clotbes, but I{ will ask the spirits.' The old gentleman told; me afterwards that he had consulted * Katey: King " upon the subject. Katey King, as yoa may renumber, was a very popular spirit at that lime, so much so that she was frequently known: to have appeared at several seances at the same; moment. She was ai<o the spirit who was said! to have carried Mrs. Guppv from Ball's Pond; to Lamb's, Conduit-street, and it was the ex posure of this 1 spirit' which sent poor Robert; i'ale Owen to a iunatic asylum. VVt-U, K;ttey King shirked Mr. < "oleoian's question for sj.me time, but he persisted in having an answer, and at last she replied* ' Why, of course, we: materialise the clothes out of particles in the atmosphere.' This was a perfectly satisfactory! explanation to the SpiriUiai sts, but even the? most credulous numbers of the Society for Psychical Research cannot at present believe in the jrhost of a pair of breeches. If they; conld, they would at once accept every night-1 mare story as a spiritual visitation. Thsfc cun ning old impostor, Mdme. Biavatsky, tried to; bridge over this difficulty by inventing thej theory that there is an * astral l>cdy' or connter part to everything in existence and everything that has existed. So there must be un astr&I;! sea-serpent, an astral big gooseberry—in fact, an astral world and a astral universe.* 