CHRISTMAS GHOST STORY. BY IDA DEAI1U It was two days boforo Chrlstmafl, IB—, when I arrived at Norrlnprton Hall. The Christmas festivities at Norrlngton wore a tradition of the countryside, and there was not a cottage in the nolsrhhrirhnnd whom, ntvlnir tn the L'fn- eroslty of Sir Robert and Ixidy Norrins- ton, a Rood niece of beef and a rabbit or fowl or Roose, In addition to a lar«o pudding, did not afford Christmas fare to the poorest Lady NorrliiRlon and I hnd been at school together, and our Rlrl friendship ha/1 continued tmch.uiRed during- her active life as mistress of NorrlnRton Hall, and my quiet, splnsterly exist ence us governess In different families, and my Christmas visit to NorrlnRton was :w regular a part of my life as the recurrence of the festival In each year's calendar. I had my doubts If my friend Lady NorrlnRton was a happy woman. These doubts were rather a undefined Instinct than an outcome of any ascertained 'fact. I fancied at times I could detect a cloud of anxiety in her soft blue eyes, and a want of Interest In her daJly oc cupations which sUKK'-'ided some men tal preoccupation, People said Sir Ro- bort was a man of morbid character. He was undoubtedly reserved and un sociable; perhaps the Rloom of his dis position east a shadow over ids wife's life. In spite of her own explanation of her husband's inoroReno.su being the consequence of a liver complaint ac quired when he was in India. ' I was at Norrlngton Hall some ten Christmnses ngu, when be returned from his wanderings. He had not com municated with his parents at homo for over two years, and they were In doubt If he were alive or not. In Ills qarly days he had been very extravagant, nnd several mortgages had to.be effected on the estate to pay off his debts. Then suddenly he had disappeared, "India" being the vague description of his destination. The Christmas gathering at the Itall had still been continued, and among the guests were myself and my friend, Miss Mutley, between whom and Robert Norrlngton tin early affection had 'exist ed, and which had beeon formally recog nised by an engagement Just before the heir of Norrlngton Hull had started on hlR travels. We were starting to church on the Christmas Day when Robert Norrlng ton appeared among, us. But Robert Norrlngton was greatly changed and sobered from the careless, dare-devil young man who had left England two years previously. Already, doubtless, ' the liver complaint hnd worked Its rav ages, affecting alike his character and appearance. Ho spoke generally of two years of hard and successful work, and brought with him the means to pay oft the mort gages and to put everything on Its old footing of comfort and ease. At the early dinner that afternoon a merry party gathered round the hospitable board. Old Sir James and Lady Nor rlngton seemed to have persuaded Fa ther Time to lift ton years from their shoulders. Miss .Mutley blushed again as the past was renewed In the pre sent, nnd all the other guests wore ani mated by the happiness which enliven ed our host nnd hostess. Robert Norrlngton was alone silent and moody; but this might be fatigue, or perhaps even the remembrance of past follies, which, fury like, haunt the mind when quiet' and peace dispose It to reflection. An Incident occurred at that dinner which remains Impressed on my mem ory, more from Its apparent effect on Robert Norrlngton than from any cir cumstance that openly followed on It. When the pudding was on the table, the butler went round to Robert Nor rlngton and whispered something in his . car. The color left the young man's face as he hastjily questioned the ser vant In an undertone, then turning to his father, he requested to be excused for a few minutes as someone had called to see him. This was extraordinary, considering the yotmg man's sudden and unexpect ed home coming; but Robert Norrlng- ' ton offered no further explanation, and hastily left the room. He was alsent about five minutes, and then returned, introducing a friend, for whom a place was made at the table. The friend was an Indian named Rah- mud, with keen, sharp, almond-shaped / ' eyes and glittering white teeth, strong ly contrasting with his black hair, slight moustache, and dark complexion. More over, when he came Into the room he seemed to bring with him a subtle per fume, reminding one of the scented In dian woods and Eastern beads. The presence of the stranger complete ly altered the demeanor of Robert Nor- rlngton. He became lively, almost up roarious; lie drank deeply, whereas he- fore he had scarcely touched the wine In his glass, and It leaked out In conver sation that, a matter ho had neglected to. see to before leaving India would ne cessitate his accompanying Rahmud to > London Immediately— In fact, they would start the next day, before any one was up, walking to the station to catch a train that started for London soon after six. Sir James, with whom the rites of hospitality were almost as sacred as those of religion, protested— said the servants should he up and a carriage ready to tuke the travellers to the station. Rahmud seemed Inclined to think the proposal reasonable, but Robert Norrlngton would not hear of the arrangement. It was about live the next morning when one of the servants heard some movement In the house, followed short ly after by the opening and shutting of the house- door. Two glasses that h;ul been used for brandy and soda were found on the dinlugroom table when the servants came down, nnd It was con cluded that the Indian had carried off the heir to London. Rut this supposl- ' .tlon was contradicted at breakfast time, when Robert Norrlngton appeared and explained that, after a chat with Rah mud, it Imd been arranged that the matter of business could be settled with out kls presence, nnd that having given full authority to the Indian, Rahmud had set out alone. Some months later Rol»ort Norrlngton married my friend, Mb«» Mutley, and within seven years, Sir James having followed Lady Norrlngton to the grave, Robert Norrlngton reigned in his stead. But a truce to reminiscences. What I have to tell relates to the present, though, after all, perhaps the brief sketch that I have given of the past may help to explain my- narrative. On my arrival at the hall, Ludy Nor rlngton hail carried me off to her bou doir, nnd we setLled down to our an nual confidential chat, such as women who have been separated for months Jove. The tea-things wore arranged on a small table, and, shortly after, we were seated in cosy chairs by the bright wood lire, one of the servants brought In the steaming tea-pot. It was a«glrl, who had been some years at the H:l11, and 1 nodded recognition with some short remark. On looking at the gJrl I was struck on notlclngthat she wore a brooch of rare Indian workmanship. An <l confltunt frrmn»ni«»r ttf miiMeiitnu I am a fine judge of such matters, and I felt sure the trinket was of considerable value, «lnd was curious to know how she became jxwwesjied of It. "What a pretty brooch that Is you are wearing, Emma?" 1 said. The girl blushed as she replied, "I have Just bought It, Miss, of an Indian girl who Is travelling aboul selling Jewellery. She was caught In the snow storm, nnd came on to the Hall, n» there is no other house for over a mile. All the servants have bought some trifle from her, as she seems In groat distress, and she is waiting in the. kitchen till the storm Is past." Then, looking at her brooch, the girl added, "I havo Just bought this, and put It In my dress not fto lose It till I could go up stairs." "It In a dreadful evening for a girl to bo out In," said Lady Norrlngton, look ing up from attending to the tea. "She had better wait In the kitchen till tho storm holds jq>; And, oecEnuna, tfcaV she Is given something to cut and drink." I concluded I must bo mistaken in my estimate of the value of the trinket, and the subject passed for the time frorn my mind. The Are was burning brightly in the grate In my room that night when I retired to rest, but I was tired, and was soon In bod and asleep. My first slum ber must have been short, for when I awoke the room was ntill well lighted by the bright embers In the grate. I am a light sleeper, and my waking Instinct was that something had aroused me. Such a feeling naturally sharpens the senses, ami though 1 laid quiet, I was distinctly sensible of -hearing a sound of crawling on the fldor. I raised myself softly In bed, and saw a figure In white, apparently on Its hands and knees, creeping on the floor, examining the old wainscoting of the walls, and seemingly from a distinct snlfllng sound it emitted seeking out the locale of some smell. It must be a dog that has got into the room. I hoped, but the strange, welrd- llkc outline of the figure forbade this matter-of-fact explanation. Was It a nightmare? Was It — Rut a creepy sensation of the supernatural deprived me of conjecture, and I seemed only able to note the movements of my strange companion without the power of reflec tion. It passed round the fireplace, still in tho same crawling posture, and, arrl%- Ing nearly opposite to where I was sit ting in bed, remained for some time drawing In Its breath In audible sniffs. Suddenly it rose to Its feet, with Its bock' towards me. It was a human figure, or a spectre endowed with mor tal" presentiment. A long white garment clothed It, It raised its arms, and placing two fingers of one hand on the oaken panelling of the walls, gently tapped on them with the corresponding fingers of the other hand, much In the way a doctor may sound the chest of a patient. I don't know if I moved, Caus ing a rustle of the bcdctothcs, hut sud denly the figure faced me. Two bright eyes gleamed on me; a scream came to my lips, hut so sudden was the move ment of my assailant that It was stifled ore It could And utterance. A strong, nervous hand was on my moutli, and 1 was forced hack In my bed. I can re member so far. hut no more. I prob ably fainted, or was rendered uncon scious; and when I came to myself the fire was out, the room quite dark, and my nerves so shaken I dared not move, and had not the strength to scream. Tho exhaustion, following on tho ncr- | vous strain, threw mo Into a deep sleep, ! and I did not awake till the sun was shining Into my room tho next morning. Had It not been for a certain stiffness In my jaw, 1 should have concluded that 1 had suffered from nightmare: but my chin, where the hand had rested to close my mouth, was so tender that it gave a reality to my recollections. My flrst action was to get out of bed to see If my purse and watch, which 1 had placed on the dressing lable, were still there. Yes, they, wero safe, and 1 could detect nothing that 'hod been dis turbed. I then examined the door. It was looked us I had left It, with the key In side, It was clear that however my midnight visitor had found access to my apartment egress could not have been obtained through the door. To use a paradox, the only reasonable conclusion to arrive at was an unrea sonable one — that aomo miperiiatunil ogency had been at work, or that- 1 had la-en the victim of some dreadful dream, and that; in an Imaginary struggle, I had struck my face against the bed post. I nm very sensitive of ridicule, and above everything pride myself on sound, common sense. 1 therefore . determined to keep my night's experience, to my self, and to seek indirectly to avoid sleeping In the samo room again. That morning at breakfast I thought Sir Robert seemed '.less depressed thun usual, and shortly oflor the meal he started off for London,, saying he should be back for dinner. I hud a long chat with Lady Norrlng ton during the course of the day, and loomed with surprise that she was har assed about money matters.. This was surprising, considering that slnc»» Sir Robert's nccesslon a uncle of his had . died, and it rich entailed estate, produc ing u clear net income of six thousand a year had been Inherited by him. "Our Income must be at least twelve thousand a year," said Lady Norrlng ton, "and yet with what Sir Robert nb lows me for household expenses I can scarcely keep free from debt. I. fear nt times my husband must gamble, or back horses for large amounts, or en ter Into speculations on the Stork "Ex change.' Yet none of these explana tions seem satisfactory, for In any of these alternatives bo would nurely be sometimes successful, whereas there fieoms a constantly increasing drain on our resources." That evening when . Sir Robert re turned from town he appeared a new man. 111b care was thrown aside, and the change was so noticeable that lie explained he had seen his doctor, and had- heard the welcome news that he was on the fair road to complete re covery. Ho brought down various little Christmas presents for us all. "I know what you have got for mo, uncle," said n little niece of Lady Nor rlngton, whose turn to receive her pre sent came loot— "an Indian bead neck lace." I noticed Sir Robert's face turn pale. "Wrong, Polly; It is a little gold bangle," he replied, ns he handed her a box from a Jeweller's. "What was the cause of your guess?" " Oh, because 1 c an smell that scent those kind of things have, and as no one else hail one, I thought It must he reserved for me." A worried look eamo over Sir Ro bert's face. I noticed the scent the child referred to, and was Instantly reminded of many years ago when a similar odor was noticeable on Rahmud, tho Indian, entering the room— no sense like smell possessing so strong a power In calling up almost forgotten memories. That evening after dinner as we sat round the huge log fire. It was proposed to keep Christmas Eve In the good old- fashioned way of telling ghost or other blood-curdling Htorles. and on my turn coming round I described my previous night's adventure, though I concealed my Identity with the sufferer, and shift ed tin- scene of notion to soma lone'y old em-tie on Liu- Rhine. I was surprised to notice the Interest Sir Robert took in my story, and when I had finished he closely questioned me as to details. Later on In the evening, when I was looking out some music, he crossed over to mo and asked me where I had heard that strange ghost story— or was It a dream tluit had happened to myself? "Do you know." he added, " that the description of the room might fit seve ral of the bedchambers at Norrlngton?" "I don't know," I answered, "If It was a dream or a vision— It was very "It was a dream," he rejoined, do clnlvoly. "It must have been a dream. This old place 1s haunted with dreams. I have such dreams night after nlglit, but why," he added, meditatively. should such dreams come to you ; This conversation did not act as a tonic to my noives. A certain feeling of prhle prevented me, however, confessing to tho nervous- ness which possessed me. During the day I had persuaded away my fears, hut it was now a different thing that night had set in and tha/t my feelings v/ero agitated with the ghostly recitals of the evening, and more especially by the terrible reality which my experi ences luul acquired by putting thorn In to words. My bedroom was to mo a terror, and I dreaded loneliness with tho horror of a nervous child. That evening snapdragon and the va rious other festivities whloh give wel come to Christinas morn delayed our sitting up till long after midnight. Yet tills won scarcely any consolation to me, as I reflected that In all probability those occupy ing tho bedrooms Adjoining. mino would only sleep tho sounder; and under the vainest pretext I managed to carry Lady Norrlngton with me to my bedroom. We sat up talking till conversation flagged, and till, confessing that she felt Sleepy, she left me. It was close on Z o'clock, and as she opined her husband might be asleep, and that. If ho were disturbed, he would probably bo rest less for the remainder of the night/ she retired to u dressing-room adjoining the bed mom, in which a bod was made up, and In which she occasionally slept dur ing his frequent fits of Insomnia. I retired trembling to bed, but not to sleep. My ears were constantly on the alert, nnd though at times I occasionally closed my eyes, it was only almost Im mediately to open them again expecting to see some terrifying sight In front of me. Three struck from the clock on my mantelpiece, and tho quiet of death seemed to reign at the Hall. I was comforting myself by reflecting that ac cording to all rules and precedents "the hour when graves do give up their dead was post," and was gradually obtain ing more courage when I heard a rust ling In the wainscoting. At any other time I should have been satisfied with an explanation of rats, but my quickly pulsating heart and throbbing brain prepared me for the supernatural. I can scarcely explain my sentiments when I heard a distinct scratching at the wall of my room, just where I hail seen tho figure standing the previous night; but at present, though the sound was distinctly audible, nothing was vis ible. A creaking noise followed; the fire, which lutd been flickering and had slightly lighted the room, now died down to an expiring glow, and I could distinguish nothing til lagalnt a white figure, iny visitant of the night before, 'passed in front of the fire, and stood bending over my dressing- table. There was a momentary- flicker In the grate, which enabled me to see that the white-shrouded form hail token my candlestick, nnd was retreating -to what appeared like a dark patch In the wall. In a moment confidence returned to me. Tho act was that of a mortal, the dark shadow was an opening in the wall, anil I silently glided Trorn my lied with the intention of punuilt. I groped to the wall— yes, there was a panel that slldcd back, and which had not been left 'quite closed, so I did not need to find the secret spring to open it; I pushed It hack, but complete dark ness met. me— at least, so it seemed at first, though after a few seconds 1 was conscious that there was a glimmer of reflected light from round the corner. My matches and candle were gone. "What could I do ? Seek aid ? Alarm the house ? While I hesitated, Fate worked out Its ends. I was still standing Irresolute,, when two sharp pistol reports rang through the house; and rushing out on the land ing, T was soon joined hy the trembling, occupants of. the neighboring rooms.As we huddled tgether like a frightened herd of deer. . repeated screams reached us, They came from Lady Nor- rington's room, whither we hurried. A dreadful sight mot our view. Lady Norrlngton was bending over the body of her husband, who had been stubbed to the heart. "I can, perhaps," I exclaimed, "find a solution to this mystery. Come to my Some of the servants and two gentle men who were staying in the house fol lowed me,. while others had' hurried to the stables to get ready a trap to fetch the nearest doctor. "It Is through there the murderer 13 to be found," I said, pointing to the open panel.' . On examination wo found that lead ing to the opening In my room was a steep flight of steps, which communi cated with a narrow passage which ran between the walls of the house. . We first examined the passage, which we found passed round the Intervening bedrooms till It skirted that which had been Sir Robert's. Probably there was a panel' which opened In the room, though wo did not find It thai night, and It was, not discovered until some years' afterwards, when the old Hall was. pulled down. The searchers then returned to the steps, which they slowly descended. At the bottom was a large ; cavern, which In former. dayu had prob ably been used as a hiding-place. As the lanterns were lowered to the ground a while mass was discovered, which closer .Inspection proved to be the fig ure of the -indlan. girl who hnd sold jewellery, to the servunts of Norrlngton Hall two evenings previously. On lift ing the girl it was discovered Jhat she was dead, two pl&tol; bullets being lodg ed In her -body. The two shots fired by Sir Robert In self-defence, had thus had deadly effect, but not before she -had had time to murder the baronet — and for what reason? An amulet set with costly brilliants ofcxceptlonalslzo was clasped'iu one of her dead hands. ' Was ' fobbery, therefore, the motive that had brought her to her untimely end ? The valuable ornament was of indlan make,. and If It had beeu In Sir Robert's poHsoaslon, 'no one knew lie owned a trinket the worth of which was valued at over a hundred thousand pounds. "When the dead body of the girl had been removed, It was found . that she- had thrown herself for her last resting place on a human skeleton which had probably been for years in tho cavern, and subsequent Investigations sug gested that these mortal remains were those of the Indian Rahmud, who had visited Norrlngton Hall the day of Sir Robert's return from India. The matter was placed In the hands of the police, and detectives for a time worked bard to unravel tho mystery; but Che result of their discoveries was never mudo public, though 1 heard pri vately some time after that when the next-of-kin succeeded to the Norrlngton estates he hnd caused the costly amu let to bo sent back to India; so thhi seemed to preclude the Idea that It was really the property of the Norrlngtous and that the Indian girl's crime had been prompted by the Idea of plunder. The matter remained, and has remained n mystery to the public, and maybe Is quoted ns another example of Uic In competence of our police. I am privileged in being able to give some details which may partly eluci date the Btrangc facts which I have re lated. Tills opportunity occurred to mo In the following manner:— I met one day one of the detectives who had been employed by Lady Nor rlngton. He hnil then retired from the force, and was living In u little cottage close by tho seat of a nobleman, where I was engaged as govorness and com panion to an only daughter. Chance throw the innn In my way, and, perhaps naturally enough, wo fell to talking of Sir Robert's death, and I expressed my wonder that no explana tion Imd 'been forthcoming. "You see, miss," the man answered, "the police (n England arc not the same as in other countries; bo many inattcrn have to be hushed up, and then tho police get blamed for stupidity. You hear of Jewel robberies which butfie the police. Nine cases out of ten It turns out that a son or friend or oven a hus band hml taken the valuables; so the batter has to be hushed up, and T tho i police are put down as Incompetent. Bometlnies'tbe lady sells her own jewels to pay her' dressmaker, and then tells her husband they have been stolen. When we find out these things we.nre told to hush them up, and the public cries out that wo are Incompetent." "Perhaps this is so," I replied; "but nothing of this kind could havo oc curred In the Norrlngton case." "Well, you see, miss, we made our Inquiries and sent In our report to the family, and It was thought better not to go on with our search. I don't see that I can do much harm In letting you know what we did find out, as Sir Robert has gone nnd poor Lady Norrlngton Is dead, and the Indian and his daughter are both gone to their last account. You see. miss, you were one of the actors In the drama, and therefore have a kind of right to know. Well, when the matter was put Into our hands, our first inquiry was to discover what Sir Robert had done in India, and how he had acquired his money. We found that no one .of the name of Norrlngton had been in . India; but we Identified Sir Robert with a young man by tho name of Morris, who had been employed by a rich native named Rahmud In a con fidential capacity. Ah, miss, I see you remember the name of Rahmud. It ap peared that Morris had suddenly left his employer, who had almost Imme diately started In his pursuit, having missed, directly Morris had left, a valu able amulet, worth hi money alone over one., hundred thousand pounds, but worth to the Ralunuds even more, as this ornament was supposed to be of talismanlc value to their family. "It appears that on reaching England Morris become once again Norrlngton, and after spending some days In Lon don, came on to Norrlngton Hall at Christmastlde, and that he was shortly' after followed by Rahmud, who must have been, by the way, a sharp fellow In following up clues. They, were to . leave . Norrlngton the next morning, Rahmud was supposed to have done so, though he was never heard of .after that time, when he re tired. to hod— and, that was his body un doubtedly that was found In the cavern. "If. the facts had been mode public, people might have said that Sir Robert murdered, far some reason or another, .Ralimud, and concealed his body in the cavern, and played the little game of the two glosses and the opening and shutting of the hall-door JuoL to avert suspicion. Perhaps people would have been .right; but mind, I don't- express an opinion. . "Well, miss, after the disappearance of Rahmud, things seem to have gone on fairly well at the Hall till this Indian young woman turned up to sell Jewel lery ( to the servants.- We discovered easily. enough that she was the daughter of Rahmud, though how she found out Sir Robert offers a little dlfllculty. Per haps, her. father, on making the dis covery, may havo written, though this explanation, hardly satisfies me, as there scem» no reason for the delay. However, after come years she appears on the scene, gains oyer tho servants with cheap Jewellery, has a chat with the housekeeper, hears from her about Rahmud's visit, Is told what room he occupied, nnd when sho hns been given some' cold provisions, profits by all the servants being' out of the kitchen to slip away unpcrcclvcd. It Is naturally concluded she hns gone, but In reality, II seems, she found her way to your roam— which was the one occupied by Rahmud when he slept at Norrlngton— and hides herself under the bed or In the wardrobe, walling to pursue her In vestigations till every one In the Hall shall be asleep. - "And now wc come to' your waking up and finding her onlfllng about the room. This Is explained by the fact of certain Indian families using a perfume the ingredients of which are known only to r themselves; and which Is a family tradition. Children arc brought up j to thls 'partlculnr odor, nnd members of a family are able to detect traces ofilt lingering about nooks and corners Itvig after It would belmperceptlbletoanordl- nury tioae. They are trained to It like a setter or. bloodhound, only, like an Indian's power of hearing, this sense Is carried to an acutcness which seems incredible to. ue. .'"The girl probably thus discovered where her father had disappeared, and striving to ascertain If the panel were hollow, caused you to move and de tected you wero awake. You know what followed. . Probably she drugged you, and-dlscovcrcd the secret spring again by her marvellous acutencap of smelling as possibly when Sir RobcrL pressed the spring he had already killed Rahmud, and possibly same of the scent which was so strong on the Indian had been transferred to the thumb or finger with which he pressed the spring. I mention this as an explanation of her discovery of the spring, tho- secret of whlcli'wus only known to the late baronet, and which, .by un old conservative custom of the family, was never trusted to any one by .the' 'reigning baronet except to hts eldest son. "She probably remained In the cavern all that night and the next day, wait ing for the. next night to complcto her work. . You know on the Christmas Evo. Sir Robert went to London. Wc discovered the motive of his journey to be to release from , pawn Uio amulet which on his return from India he had pledged, with a wealthy firm of Jews for sixty thousand poundB in order to pay .off Uio mortgages on the estates. It nppcars for years that he had been cutting down expenses and saving In every, possible manner, to .get together this money. The public may say that a remorse or conscience prompted him to return tho amulet to the Rahmud family. You say he complained of un easy dreams, and that the evening he could. effect this purpose he seemed to have taken a. fresh lease of life. This fact might support the Idea which I have attributed to the public, though for myself, I would not express an oplnlou. "Now we come to the concluding act. It stands In proof that the amulet was enclosed In a box strongly scented with tho particular perfume of the Rahmuds. Perhaps .this guided the girl to Hlr Robert's room; we cannot say what was her particular motlvL — whether re venge for her father, whether a stronger family duty of regaining the talisman. When, by discovery of the secret panel, she gained admittance to Sir Robert's room, her keen sense told her Imme diately that the amulet box was under bis pillow. If she would have been content to regain the talisman, who can say ? But Sir Robert was awake, and seizing his revolver, fired twice with deadly aim before she could reach his bedside. Although the wounds were mortal, she yet effected perhaps her double purpose, and managed to stagger back with the talisman to die on her father's remains. That appears to be the true explanation, miss. Of course this is strictly confidential. We don't care what the public says about our Incompetency. In fnct, the public don't know It themselves, and we don't want them to, but the wider of the mark they arc hi their conjectures, the greater la the service they urc doing us detec tives."— "Weekly Budget." 