NEWS OF THE DAY. Walcha News. — We hear that a local resident recently purchased several hun dred head of cattle at ill per head. These cattle a few years ago would probably have realised j£2 or J63 each or more.—On Mon day night last a special meeting of the Conncil was held for the purpose of electing a Mayor for 1896. Aid. Love proposed Aid. Watts, and Aid. Marshall seconded. Aid. Harrison proposed Aid. Scott, and Aid. Seckold seconded. Both parties decided to draw their names from a hat. Aid, Watts came out first, and he was thus re elected Mayor.—On Sunday last Mr. D. Fletcher, of Cairnie, was injured by bis horse falling and rolling on him. Dr. Stephens attended him, and the injuries, we are pleased to state, are not serious.— On Saturday lest Miss Kate Boland was brought into the cottage hospital suffering severely with several cuts on the face, which had been caused by a spill from a buggy. It appears that Miss Boland was being driven along the road by Mr. Silcock, wben owing to the zongh nature of the road, it is said, between Walcha Road and Woolbrook, the vehicle overturned, with the result mentioned. Dr. Stephens found it necessary to put about 16 stitches to the wounds, which will disfigure her face for some time.—Witness. If you cannot obtain "Myfa Tea" in your district, write to D. Mitchell and Co. Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local .—Adyt. A man named Joseph M'Millan was ac cidentally shot dead at Terang (Tic.) the other day whilst returning home from a shooting excursion, >ai/e Show Ground.—-The com-j ittee of the A*. and ST. E. P., A., and H. :ociation ace having* considerable im-fi irovements carried out on the show groond| view of the combined district show held here nert month. Theadditk Four acres of land on the easteriaimde being fenced in which will give the qjatiort^^^mmod^on .^«ond to^none boundary fence has beefi*6hifted back to j the extended line, and in consequence the : old cattle yards have been done away with,! and fifty new yards added to the existing cattle yards at the north-west corner of the ground. The poultry pavilion has been enlarged and the roof raised about two feet, and the luncheon booth shifted on to the new ground. We understand | that the parade ring is to be reduced in front of the grandstand so as to give more room to pedestrians at that spot, and that. a new driving track will be made at the ' eastern end for the judging of boggy and ; carriage horses. Besides the erection of new outhouses and enlarging the produce I pavilion, it is contemplated to make certain permanent alterations which will materi- ; ally add to the comfort and convenience of ; visitors, and thus do away in a great j measure with the cause of complaints in that direction which have been made in 1 years past. The members of the Associa- ! Uuu are looking roi-Woid to . tiile 3rcttr'« - hibition being the best held in Armidale, and some of the leading officials confi dently expect it to be the largest held in the northern districts. At a of the committee on Thursday afternoon l&st; the appointment of judges and other rou ! tine work in connection with the forthcom ing show was transacted, and it was de-; cided to accept the offer of a Sydney firm j for a grand display of fireworks on the : show nights, and that. the pavilion he ] open at the same time. All who have travelled by the Mes sageries Maritimes (French Mail) boats | are loud in their praises of the comfort,i civility, and excellent cuisine met with. See list of sailings in these columns, and write for particulars to Com I pasty's office. Queen's Comer, Pitt-street, jU.N Ingenious Box.—At the All Nations Sair last week one of the most interesting ade shows was the scientific laboratory ■resided over by Gus Webb, a lad 15 years ofage,^ scholar at the Superior Public School. The lad had a wonderful turn of mind for electrical appliances and mecha-- j nism, and if he were given the opportunityy of further developing his talents in that direction, at some of the large electrical or engineering works of the colony, he would doubtless become a clever man in whateverer branch he turned his attention to. The laboratory had a dynamo locally made, by | which several very interesting experiments ' were shown, one of which was the firing off of a charge of gunpowder by mi electric spark—a most efficacious alarm. A Wim- \ hurst influence machine made by the ex hibitor was also on view, and some pretty effects were produced by sending the cur- ] tihrnngh Wim , Tflcunm tnbesJrSpeci ns of electro-typingr^ectro-gilpug, and J electro-plating were also shown, alio a tele-l phone made by himself, and several ef-j fective burglar alarms.^ SfflttdewiSefcWllefllfiiffiffWBor, window, and window-blinds, and immediately either of I them were disturbed it would start a bell ringing and an electric light -wonld also over the door.' iclock anaffKBehftUlBfifldt an early riser was ] Salso shown, by which the bed was made to Irise on one side and roll the occupant on j [to the floor, thus insuring that he or she| (would be thoroughly awakened at the timef the alarm was set.,. There were a numt |of other interesting contrivances on exhij bition, and it was pleasing to note that th| young electrician's laboratory was patronised during the fair. Gus. Web who is a son of Mr. T. Webb, of the way department, deserves every credit far his ingenuity, and we shall be pleased fb hear of any furthy advances he may mall in his studiesjjbg "idJS#?ja"«Llvi«K Extract, for j Coughs, Colds, Tnflnenxa, Diarrhoea, bonds. Braises, Sprains, &c.;—Advt. haij Gathering.—On Saturday even last a social gathering was held at Mr.: son's Boyal Hotel to meet Mr. B. HolHs, general secretary of the Engine Drivers, Firemen, and Cleaners' Associa-! tion of New Sooth Wales. A large number j of the local branch were present, also a number of prominent labour leaguers and J friends of members of the association. Mr. A. Brissett proposed the health of Mr. Hollis, who he said had held the position of general secretary to the association for j about ten years, and in whom they all had j the greatest confidence. Mr. HolliB, in responding, briefly referred to the benefits of the association and its influence upon those connected with it. He was pleased to see so many members of the local labour league present, and said be was a labour leaguer before anything. He dwelt upon the necessity of legislation in the direction of a Factories Act and compelling Chinese and othei aliens to live in proper dwellings, and was of opinion that if Acts were passed [ in that direction they would soon drive the aliens out of the country. He considered that social questions were of greater im portance to the country than the fiscal policy, and that New South Wales was far behind |he other Australian colonies in! social legislation. He believed that where land is it ought to be put to use, that the railway charges should be assimilated to the condition of country producers, so as to enable them to get their produce | cheaply to market, and thought that the land and income taxes should be pro gressive and all exemptions abolished. During the evening vocal and instru mental selections were rendered, light re freshments were handed round, and a most! enjoyable time was spent by all present. A Produce Bing.—It is believed that one effect of the Freetrade policy will be the formation of rings in the produce trade j in Sydney, and the control of the supply ] of grain, flour, Ac., by a few capitalists. Such a ring would have the farmers and \ the public completely at their mercy, and | it would be difficult to break it down, he cause to do so would require a considerable amount of capital, apd wealthy men who would engage in such an enterprise are the -reverse of numerous in Sydney—or any j part of the colony, for that matter. Colemane A Sons' Eucadtpte Extract cures Asthma, Bronchitis, Consumption, { etc. Glen Innes Siwc,—We tue sorry to hear that Mr. D. Hexley (a brother to Mr. James Hestley. of this town), is a victim to tbe Westralia gold tliirst. A few mrmtha since the deceaBedf-accompanied by -two or three companions, •• went oat West;** At that time he was in tbe best of health. This, however, didn't eontinne, and Mr. James Healey received a letter a few days since stating that the poor fellow died in the hospital at a place called Mount Mag net, being a victim to, .the prevailing fever. —The crops-. For the most part the local farmers were successful in getting their crops honsed before the advent of the re cent rains. But in a-few instances they were caught napping, andwhere thishas happened the crop is destroyed ^ T)w> w»lng have been useful in creating a plentifal supply of grass.—Mr. F. Ai Wright, has again written -to the Works Department on the matter of the creek crossings between Oban and Oban head station, and has re ceived the following reply i Tlie letter from this Department of 11th January to which yon refer is intended as a reply to your application in connection with Ore road Goyra to Falconer, via the bant p»AWv and not the scheduled toad Guyrato Oban! The latter question is now being reported on by the local officer, and a reply will be sent to yon in due course.—We have been shown a fishing line made by that lover of wiling, Mr. C_ Glennie. It is thirty yards lonf» Inade entirely from plaited horsehair, and strong enough to hold a young whale. Mr. Glennie mast have devoted much and patience to this neat, novel, and ser viceable hair line, and has presented it to a feUow Waltonian, whom we hope win bring to land some of the piscatory mon sters, of which we occasionally hear, which frequent the watersof —r^oi papers. Tektercxeu) News. ■— Quite recently Mr. James Griffin, son of Mr. R. Griffin, of this town, proceeded to West Australia to tiy his fortunes in that place. Be was well armed with testimonials, and the day after arrival at Perth was appointed a book ing clerk in the railway department ser vice. He is stationed at Northern, 57 north of Perth, and is in receipt of a very fair salary, with every ehance of a speedy promotion. We congratulate our young townsman on his success, and hope he will very shortly rise to the higher grades of the service. It may be her® mentioned that few vacancies exist in the railway in West Australia for firemen, cleaners,"etc., thaopenings being more for clerical labour! —The weather: Bain continues the order of the day, with no immediate promise of a change. The pasturage is abundant all round the district, and there is every rea son to believe that stock in the wmter will be well provided for. Since last publication 88 points have been re gistered at the local Post Office.—Wilson's Downfall: Our correspondent writes- At the Poliee Court on Saturday before Mr. D- Cullen, Michael George, a Syrian, was* charged with hawking goods for sale with Lout a license, and was: fined 10s The country is flooded in all directions, "and is stall raising; the creeks can only be crossed | m certain places. The hnsh is as green as a barley paddock, and there is plenty of I &rase-;—Friday's Coubdsb. . I Wheke the Heat Wave Came F«ok._ ! The recent beat waye which vexed- this ! down ^ continent fromPurt Darwin. Of it the Bon, Teeeecobt Times, published at ston, says: Terrible weather is ev being the continued experience of cbl< m parts of the south, end it is quite eri S i J** 6ltreme by the glass that what meteorologists call » feat wave is passing through the con thTr?" »eeks ago we in thefarnortbweneexperiencing the worst £? mf* but death assaUed ns not. Which at the first blush might be taken to read that it is better to have the feat always with ns than to be knocked y the ^ extra-strong blast that comes along. J®.1*® Tax.—-The following is the ^orisedd^nitton of the «unimproved pdne, according to the Land and Income Assessment Act: "'Unimproved value* US' ? to ^ ^Pital earn or whichi the fee-simple estate in such land r ; Wiaee SOCh teason&bIe; condi tions of sale as a bona fide sdler would re (SvSiD^ aetual Movements (if any) had not been made, and, in cash of conditionally purchased land, of which no grant shall have been issued, after deduct ing also the balances or amount of pur chase money due to the Crown in respect to the ^ie: Provided thatthe unimpiW value of lands reclaimed from the L, or from any harbour or river, or made fit for building purposes by levelling or quarry iug, or by the erection of retaining walls, or by any similar operations or works, «hnif be the capital sum for which the said land irould sell under reasonable conditions, after deducting from such snmthecostof the reclamation or making, as well as all The Taxation Papebs.—The regula in connection with the Land and Im Tax Acts have been issued, and it is t hoped -that every Freetrader is cbaa with them. It may be confidently aerted, however, that not five per fen them axe, for the regulations nxe ptob the most drastic things of the kin existence. They assume, so it seen me, thatthe majority of the persons I to land or income tax are thoroughly honest, for, otherwise, how is one tc count for the extraordinary precaui taken to prevent dishonesty. Mr. 6p was imported from South Australia frameHhese regulations, and he has < his work in such a manner that when Beid party go oat of office it may be pected that Mr. Sptiler will receive* to return to the land from whence hea Some of the Freetrade papers used to course in the finest pulpit style upon temptations to dishonesty contained ix ad valorem duties; they probably realise that those temptations were h nificant compared with those conne with the direct taxation measures, fies that will be told when filling up paper* will be legion. Bat the inq torial nature of those documents will n the people fairly mean. In theory, Ben appeared to many persons to be aba thing, but these folk do not like it u tice.—Clarence Examinee's respondent. Am Nations Fair.—The All Nations Fair, which opened in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening last, continued open until Saturday evening, and it had the most successful ran of any entertainment of a similar character held in Armidale. On Thursday and Friday evenings there were very large crowds present, and the stall holders and side-shows consequently did 1 excellent business. Pepper's ghost, which was under the personal supervision of the Hey. W. Lucas, was a source of attraction, , and some very pretty and entertaining per formances were given in that cabinet of wonder and mystery. Though theghost toot his nightly walks, his visits were inter spersed with scenes from " Faust," and Mephistophles, sprites, and fairies occupied the haunts of the representative of spirit land. The Delphic oracle, which by the way was nothing more than a telephone, enabled visitors to converse with all nations represented in the fair, and proved a means of much amusement to the. visitors and corresponding profit to the show. The " penny in the slot" machine (living) doled out packets of lollies with a regularity that was surprising," and the museum with its enormous stuffed crocodile and other curiosities was well worth visiting. The principal attraction of the fair was un doubtedly our old friends Punch and Judy, ! who held a number of levees each evening, drawing large crowds on each occasion of . both old and young children. Mr. Thoe. Davidson, who acted as master of cere monies and introduced the severe! charac ters, proved quite an adept at the business, and moreover provided a dog, Toby, to as sist in the plot. The murder of Judy and | the baby by the fiend Punch, the arrest of the murderer and his ultimate death on the gallows was admirably ponrtrayed, and the j keenest interest was manifested in all the doings of Mr. Davidson's lillipotians by old and yonng. The procession of nations each | evening was one of the features of the show, and it was remarked that it attracted as j much attention on Saturday night as it did j on the opening night. Too much praise i cannot be given to those upon whom the management devolved for the excellent manner in which the whole arrangements j were carried oat, the good order that pre- i vailed, and the courtesy exhibited by allj connected with the fair to the large nam-1 ber of visitors of all classes who attended it. The Armidale Band played outside the hall each evening, and also rendered the music daring the processions. On Satur day evening the crowd was larger than ever, and each visitor was presented with a prize. Prior to closing the fair a very pretty ceremony was performed which proved a fitting wind-up to the gathering. All the representatives of the nations as sembled on the stage, and the Queen of the Fairies (Effie Lambert), sirronnded by her little subjects, read a faLdvnell address to all present. The scene was brightened by a limelight turned on the assemblage, and the singing of the national anthem brought the fair to a close. It must be added that votes of thanks were moved by the Be vs. Boyer and Lucas to the stall holders and workers, which were carried by acclama tion. Cummins v. Mitchell.—The 120 yards; footrace between A. Cummins, of Armi dale, and C. W. Mitchell, of Maitland; took place on the Albion Ground, Uaitj land, last Saturday afternoon in the pr~ sence of 1000 spectators, and resulted in , win for the Annidalian by two yardsj 'The MEBCTOTinlBr says: " Both men were lustily cheered as they appeared on the track, Mitchell com ing in for a much greater share of en couragement than the Sydneyite. Each looked very calm and confident, and the most critical critic was unable to find a flaw in their condition as they skipped) down the track in their preliminary trots/ A fair amount of money changed hands at 5 to 4 on Cummins, bnt as the men set it was not on offer. Mr. M. Moroney was appointed starter, whilst Messrs. Dover j and Charles Mitchell checked the machine. A good deal of time was wasted, bnt when at last both men were ready the . genial Hick did not keep them long, as he dis patched them to a lovely start. Cummins got striding instantly, and soon began to draw away from the Maitland lad, who set j his teeth and raced on determinedly, bnt it ] was no use, as the Sydneyite (Armi- < flalin.Ti ?) had a gap of two yards between; himself and pursuer at 100 yards, where j he gained confidently, and keeping up his ! pace whilst Mitchell eased off when his j chance was hopeless, the favourite won amid great yells from his hackers in a; dead ISsecs. If you cannot obtain " Myfa Tea" in I your district, write to D. Mitchell mid Co., j Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange j for a supply at once through the local storekeepers.—Advt. v j Adjourned Inquest.—On Saturday last the inquest touching the death of Thomas John Clarke, a miner, who was killed at, the Great Britain Mine, Tilbuster, on the ] 14th inst., was resumed at Tilbuster, be- ] fore Mr. James M'Lean and a jury of 12, of whom Mr. James Kilday was chosen ; foreman. On the previous Saturday evi- ] denoe was given by Dr. Wigan, Constable j Cahill, Thomas H. Gardner, miner, T. Gibson, engineer, Thomas Sandril, miner, James H. Heath, braceman, and Thomas Hurray, engine driver, and the inquest was adjourned to enable the mine and : machinery to be inspected by an officer of ; the Mines Department. On Saturday last evidence was given by Benjamin Binney, manager of the Great Britain Mine, and > Gardner, Gibson, and Murray were re- | called and gave additional testimony. John B. Godfrey, acting-inspector of j mines, gaTe evidence to the effect that he bad thoroughly tested the clutch-coupling, and brake of the winding gear and also the winding engine, and found them to act satisfactorily and np to all that was inquired of them. He also inspected the j mine and wadrings. The jury returned a j verdict of accidental death, and added that j the engine driver, was exonerated from all blame. Mr. J. A. M'Donald, solicitor, was present and watched the proceedings on behalf of the relatives of the deceased. 