THE STORYTELLER. Susanna. [By Nannie A. Cox.] In those Tose-and-lavender-scented j days in the beginning of the century a" men were chivalrous and all women beautiful—at least, so we are led to believe by art, by romance, and by our grandmothers. Who ever bad a grand mother, or maiden aunt, or elderly female relative of any degree, for that matter, who was not a beauty in her vouth ? And if we can trust these sources of information there were no printers in those days, no clouds, no broken hearts ; there was no poverty, no misery. Our ancestors were gay and debonair, dressed like Brummels aud Becamiers, and drank tea out of old-fashioned china cups—which, by the way, were not old-fashioned then —in shady arbors, or whispered poetry and high-flown compliments in garden walks between trim hedges of clipped box. And they were always in love too —at least the men were ; the girls, I am told, were arrant flirts. But then it was a graceful, philosophical sort of love that relieved itself in tender verse and was as happy in being trampled on as in being smiled on. We believe all tbis because the old ladies that we know have had so many love-affairs and never strike a tragic note in telling of them, but sometimes laugh till the tears fill the cracks and crevices around their eyes as spring rains fill dry ditches. " Yes," we think, and sigh, " AH was comedy and sunshine then." For some reasons I should like to have lived then ; for one, I should have known my great-aunt Susanna as a girl. Her miniature is very beautiful. To look at that arch face smiling at you from its setting of brilliants and enamel yon would not think that she could ever have had a grief; to remember lier as I knew her during tbe last years of her life, wrinkled, toothless, kind, with a brown mole sprouting several long hairs- upon her chin, you could not think that she had ever had a romance. Oh, if the world has changed since she was young as sbe has changed, how beautiful it must have been ! And yet of grief and romance sbe bad had enough, as I learned the other day when I found her diary in the garret. I found it, this Tccord of a woman's youth, in a trunk full of deeds of pro perty and land grants—a musty com pany. It was sealed, and on the back was written in a feminine hand, " To be opened when I am dead." It was signed " Susanna Gale," and dated " 1820." I opened it (she had been dead for many years), and my story is the one I fouud therein. Bonfield was granted to my ancestors in sixteen hundred and something—I have forgotten the exact date. In the early years of this century my great grandfather lived here (it is at Bonfield that I write) with his daughters Susanna and Peggy. Peggy was my grandmother, and, judging from their portraits, I am compelled to say she was near not so handsome as her sister, whose junior she was by five or six years. Susanna was proud, strong, and fiery-tempered, while my grandmother was timid and yielding. Susanna was her father's favorite ; he made no secret of his intention to leave her the hulk of the property, including Bonfield and tbe pick of the negroes, while Peggy was to have merely an outlying farm with enough negroes to run it. The reason for this partiality is unknown and un important. He also intended that Susanna should marry a certain young man of whom she speaks in her diary as D . D was a distant relative and spent much of liis time at Bonfield. My great-grandfather, having no son, felt a fatherly love for Mm, and he had been brought up to call my great grandfather and the girls " cousins." You know in Maryland we claim cousin ship to very remote degrees. From the first it was understood, though not a word had been said about it, that he would eventually marry Susanna and be master of Bonfield. However, in the first pages of her diary she rebels against this decision and writes, " I would not marry him if he were the j only man in the world. I do not love i him, and it is absurd to suppose he loves me, or ever will." And farther on : " He is dark, and I do not like dark men. I prefer blondes like Will Paca and Sam Hayward. Besides, he is crnel and hard-hearted. Only this morning he rode over Sallie's little Jim, who was making mud-pies in the lane, and Saturday he bad Calista whipped because the poor thing had scented herself up with some of his favorite perfumery." It was about this time—she was six teen and he twenty-one—that D began to drop the cousinly role and to take up that of a lover. I am quite sure she scorned him, shrugged her shoulders in the face of his little atten tions, and openly favored her blondes ; also that bis temper did not improve under tMs treatment. But on this she touches lightly. There is one scene, however, that she gives in detail and with spirit, to say nothing of righteous anger. It is an important scene and shapes the lives of three people, i It was an afternoon in spriug. Susanna was going to ride with her eonsin. Clad in her habit—I have only a vague idea of the cut and style of a lady's habit of that day, but am sure she looked charming, otherwise things might not have happened as they did— With a whip in one hand and her skirt held up in the other, she ran down stairs and almost into the arms of D , who was waiting at the bottom ; the hall was somewhat dark, and 6he had not seen him in her hurry. She waited a moment, but he did not move ; then she haughtily requested him to let her pass. He leaned towards her, and liis dark eyes glowed. " Not till I have kissed you ! " He spoke softly, as Peggy (my grandmother) was in an adjoining room singing to her doll. Her face flushed with anger ; she gathered in her skirts to free them from his touch. " Let me pass ! " she cried. Then, with tbe scorn and indignation that she felt, " I hate you !" ■ " And I love you ! " Before she could defend herself he had seized her in his arms and kissed her square upon the mouth. She wrenched herself away (my aunt bad great strength even in her age), beside herself with rage. •'< Coward 5 Fortune-hunter ! You love my money ; take that for your love 1 " And, quick as a flash, the riding-whip came sting ing down across his face. He did not wince, but stood and looked at her; and there was that in his eyes, she says, that made her drop her own. When at last he spoke each word had the force of a deaden ^ballet and seemed to carry a curse with it. " I Jove- you. Your money—curse it! Some day I will show you how I scorn it," he said slowly and wrathfully, and, turning on his heel, he left her. She rode that evening, it is true, but with the groom for escort. On her return she found that D had • gone. He was gone a year, travelling abroad, as was the vogue for young gentlemen of family in those days. When he came back be resumed his intimacy with the family at Bonfield, visiting them as often and staying as long as formerly. He seemed to have forgotten the cause of his voluntary exile. In many ways be was greatly changed ; the hofc-lieadedness and wil fulness of old times had given way to gaiety, gentleness, and calm philosophy. Once he had been selfish and intolerant; now he was always ready to do a kind ness or to yield an opinion. At first Susanna was stiff and haughty with him, hut his persistent courtesy shamed and disarmed her. No one was so quick as lie to pick up her handkerchief when she dropped it or to wrap a shawl about her shoulders when they sat on the piazza in the cool of the evening. A woman is susceptible to such atten tions. Susanna remarks upon them in her diarv, and adds (perhaps with a sigh for the breaking up of her prejn dices), '• I never thought that I could j like him half so well." Ab time went on' he made himself] quite indispensable. In summer, when the house was full of guests, he devised novelties in the way of entertainments; in winter—there were winters in those days after all—when the family sat] huddled about the blazing fire at night, j he told stories of his travels, of London and Paris, of Waterloo and Rome, or j ghost stories that made the brave Susanna glance furtively behind her and little Peggy hide her face in terror. Then lie could sing—ah, how he conld sing! In "Alan Water" and thei " Soldier Bridegroom's Song" hisvoice was so sweet and tender that tears ! sprang to all eyes. Meanwhile his attentions to Susanna were marked, yet j chivalrous and delicate, but he said no word of love nor alluded to their unfor tunate encounter on the stairs. " Can lie have forgotten ? " she queries in her diaiy. About this time she writes of him in this vein : " lie is so handsome, so brilliant, so kind and good to me. Since 1 have known him as he is the country men seem stupid and insipid."^ After this the entries are monologues on D . One day she writes, "Tie., loves me." Though she did not have his word she had undoubtedly good reason for her statement. A woman is rarely mistaken when she says to herself " He loves me." Later she writes, " I love him." So fate took up the harp of love that magic harp of many strings, whose j highest note is the highest and Vhose lowest is the lowest of all notes struck on earth—and played to her a joyous melody.; A year, two years, passed, and yet this strange pair of lovers had come to no agreement. Eyeshad gazed into eyes, hearts had beat tumultuously —one had at leastI have no guar antee of the condition of the other—and that was all. Susanna's impatient spirit chafed under this uncertainty. " Why j does lie not speak—why does he not' speak—why does he not speak?" she asked herself continually. Yet well she knew. A proud man such as he could not forget. The roses might fade from her cheeks, her bair might turn grey, but he would not speak. How could he, remembering the past ? She too was proud, but when love and pride fight for the mastery of a woman's heart it is usually love that wins. And so she resolved to challenge, to compel, a j ! second declaration by a humble apology for her former scorn. One summer evening after tea she ■ said to him, "Will you walk in the garden with me, cousin? There is something I should like to say to yon." It was a peaceful evening. The scent j of flowers was heavy in the air *, crickets chirped in the shrubbery; the evening j star sparkled like a yellow diamond in the reddened west; on the calm surface of the river an oyster-boat was drifting homeward with its sails spread dark against the sky. They walked the length of a gravelled path in silence before she spoke. j " Cousin," she said at last, blushing and paling by turns, bnt holding her! head erect, " there is something that has been troubling me for a long time— since you came home from abroad. It is that I was once cruel and nnjnst to yon. Can * ,J forgive me? I was a child then—1 did not know. But now I know. I cotild cat off my hand for that blow and my tongue for those untrue words." She paused, but he did not reply. His face was turned away. " Speak to me," she entreated ; "I am a proud woman, cousin ; it has cost me much to humble myself. You loved me once.; Tell me, do you love me now ? " He turned and looked at her steadily, intently, passionately, and for a long time; the red light of the evening was in his eyes, and she felt herself tremble and grow weak beneath their spell. " I love you ; I have always loved you ; I have not changed," he said. " Then take hack the kiss you gave me; take it back with my love," she said, and, raising herself on tiptoe, she laid her lips to his. He took her in bis arms—she did not resist them now—and drew her to his heart. That night I) did not linger long with the family, but, pleading letters, went to his room early. Later, lying happy and wakeful in her great four-posted bed, Susanna heard hiB foot steps as he paced his floor till early morning, when she fell asleep from weariness. He did not appear next morning till the family were at breakfast. He was pale, but gave a . pleasaut " Good morning," and, as usual, led the con versation, though it was evident that he took no interest in it. There was some thing on liis mind, and at last he came out with it. " Sir," he said, addressing my great grandfather, " you have been a kind friend to me from my yontli up ; yon .have done many things for me that my father, on account of having other sons, could not do.. All that I have asked of yott I have received. Sow I am about to make a final request that will, maybe, tax your generosity : I want one of your daughters." The old man beamed. " Your re quest delights me, my dear boy," he said. " And it is not a surprise ; I have been expecting it a long time. Take ber—take my girl, and may you both be happy. But," he added, looking archly from one girl to the other, and finally letting bis fond eyes rest upon his favorite, who sat blushing prettily beneath them, " I have two. Which is it?" D laid his hand on Peggy's hand. " This one," he said. This, then, was a story of revenge— revenge so cruel that the victim could not even cry for mercy ; and D was 'Daniel Leeds, my grandfather. There is one more entry in the diary, written a few months later, and telling of great preparations for a wedding—-of gowns, of pastry, &c.;, and how "our cousins Goldsborough and Tilghman are coming in a 6ailing-vessel from Bald more to be present at the festivities, which will be kept up for at least a week." There is no word of the writer. Her silence is sadder than the saddest words; and in it I read, also, her bravery and her proud determination to forest. 