SCIEHCE AND INVENTIONS, j (Notes by a Teoukical Teaches.) J No branch of science has made more rapid progress tban that of bacteriology, and the fear that posseascd some of us a few years ago that we were surrounded by an innumerable army of invincible enemies, which for a lengthy period afforded a fertile source of j ikes in the Press has given way to tbe calm aBEu ranee that bacteria and things of that ilk are useful and, like dirt, only barmful when in the wrong place. The fact that our bodies afforded a habitation to microbcs at lirst caused a shiver of disgust and jarred tbe tiuely-Btrung nerves of sensitive people, but when digestion wasfound to depend upon their presence, knowledge caBt out fear, aod cAlm thought Bnccecdcd. ! Fewer ghosts and superstitions perplex the | well-read man than any other—' the conviction , that the worM of nature is built, on supremely coromons;neo lines has laid too firm a hold upon hie mind to be uprooted by tbe passing blfiels of a disordered imagina tion, and so tbe discovery of microbes in articl'.B of food, in water, air, and as the cau«e of fermeutation and putrefaction, comes to th ; fclcntific man as so many in teresting revelations which extend his koow ledge of the natural world around him, and not as a fear to tormcntliim. Oonfiuing our remarks more to the bacteriology of the air, it is known that the micro-organisms in uir are mostly the spores of mouldB and yeasta— the tiue bacteria are very few, aud this iB duo to their mode of occurrence. They are not found isolated like the light mould spores which float freely in the air, but they cling to the particles of dust, and when the dust, say of a room, has been stirred up by any cause large numbers of bacteria will be found in the air which will in a great measure disappear when the dust has settled. Hence a factor which favors the distribution of bacteria is dryness of the Boil or surface of the ground so that the wind may stir up the dust and with it tne bacteria ; this also explains why the air of sewers is so freo from bacteria when the s^wcr is swarming with them. The dust of dwellings may thus prove dangerous as a eource of infection, and disease germs be carried about bv clolhine etc.. unon which the dust has fallen. The number of disease-producing bactcria in the air arc very few compared with those which firoduce fermentation and putrefaction, for nstancc. A knowledge of the nature and action of bacteria is now of great import ance to the brewer, dairymaD, farmer, and to other industries which depend upon tbe action of ferments. Tho number of these special forms vary, of course, with the locality and weather ; they arc more numer ous in hot weather aud dry summers, just tbe time which we fiod by common ex perience that milk aud meat are moBt difficult to keep. The germs wbich cause alcoholic fermentation adhere to the sur face of fruit, so that anything which will destroy them will improve the keeping properties of the fruit. Shallow milk dishes and slowly cooling milk favors the development of the bacteria which set up the 'souring hence rapidly cooling the milk and keeping it cool and free from dust minimises the amount of change which we may not entirely prevent. The soil is nature e great Btore-bonae of bacteria ; a cubic inch of soil may contain 300,000, anl pure unfiltered river water may cootain in a cubic inch from 18,000 to 60,000 according to cir cumstances, while a pint ot air may not con tain mere than three or four microbcs. It is interesting to notice that those hygienic conditions which we naturally love arc those which least favor the propagation of disease germs, viz., pure open air — the air of tbe high lands and that over open water, while damp or enclosed spaces where tbe air has lost its frcBbncB*, shall we say its ozone, through the action of the organic matter in the air, wbich is always greater ia thickly populated localities aud close rooms, iB more likely to contain the germs of various diseases, and is fonnd by experience to be more nubealtby before science had explained the canae. Science now teaches ua that it is not the foul smells of noxious trades or sewer air, however unpleasant, which are necessarily dangerous to health, but the dvst in the air which tranamits the germa from place to placc. 