AUSTRALIAN DRAMATIC POSSIBILITIES. To try and set down the dramatic possibilities of Australia seems at first sight rather an imaginative task. With a people having nest to no national history, character or aspiration, and possessing but little appreciation of Art ill itself, there appears to be a dearth of material from which some dramatic manifestation might issue. If a dramatist were born amongst us, whither would his instinct guide liiui for inspiration, incident, and individualities • # # # Standing out prominently in political history are the Governor Bligh incident, the anti-transportation hubbub, the Eureka Stockade coup, and perhaps the earlier constitutional troubles of Victoria. But tliey are all very lium-drum affairs from the dramatic point of view, and almost absolutely barren of romance. Striking personalities it is true moved through these stirring crents, but they were nevertheless prOBaic and impicturesque. Criminal history pans out more promisingly, and Marcus Clarke's His Natural Life i6 sign of its possibilities. Rolf Boldrewood's Robbery Under Arms is a further development in the same direction. Both works have been dramatised—rather badly by the way— and as about the only specimens of Australian drama extant, thev are not encouraging. BeBides, dramatised criminal history is aiter all but a poor form of playwriting, although the success of the novelists named is an indication that the imaginative and dramatic faculties, applied even to commonplace facts for stage purposes, might bring forth not contemptible results. The recent production of 111 Mizzoura suggests.that a higher form of dramatic work might be evolved along its lines. A primary poverty of personalities would, however, be cncountercd. If the matter is investigated the somewhat ludicrous conclusion is reached that the most conspicuous development of Australian character exists in the larrikin. He is the most assertive and domineering of our distinctly local types, and, great Theepis ! how unoriginal, altogether uninviting he is. Go to the Goldfields. Inoident enough is found there, lull, bow link' diameter: Similarly iu our coiniiiorcial world. There exists plenty of dramatic progress of event®, but the puppets tliat move iu the midst of them are of the sort of man whoso soul does not arise above a piece of mere trade-Bpicling, or potty larccuics from the stamp-box. Turn finally to the bush, and there is found neither incident nor character. Lawson's prose only bns to be read to IK? certain of that. All the characters live through a dreary cxistcncc neither broken by a dramatic incident nor disturbed by a sentimental reflection. If any of them possess stories they are left to the fictionist to imagine. Upon themselves their life tragedies have 110 other effect than to produce a fatal ennui, and tliey are hugged as an excuse and secret justification for indifferent indolence. « * • So far Australia has only produced one dramatist, Haddon Chambers, and he has got inspiration rather from old world, conventional Eouroes, than from the environment of his native land. The only other remarkable name that occurs on the roll ia that of George Darrell. Others there are such as Marcus Clarke, whose political burlesque, " The Happy Land," had a sensational experience during u period of political excitement, and Julian Thomas (The Vagabond), who wrote a single play, No Mercy, and achieved a fair measure of success. But of theui all the only man who lias looked to Australia and nowhere beyond for dramatic material, is George Darrell. Now it can hardly be expected that Mr. Darrell will be taken seriously, although there is no doubt that he lias in liiB rough built, exaggerated series of plays, indicated at least the fields open to a stronger, more artistic writer to explore. Even so, however, the prospect is not promising, and for stage purposes there seems to be little more than mere local colour to be got out of Australia. Very superficial local colour it is, too,.such as Dan Barry imports into his productions. For the rest, bar the larrikin, wiio after all is only a variant of the hoodlum and the coster, there is little characterisation to be done that would stand out as distinctly Australian as, say, Jim Radburn in In Mizzoura is distinctly American. But if there be a poverty of stirring material upon which a native dramatist might work, there is still no lack of the romance and tragedy of human nature. It is human nature which is the universal arBenal of all play writers, and if dramas can be built out of itB more passive phrases, so much the better. Men and women love, grieve, sacrifice, are sacrificed, and rejoice here as elsewhere, and the spirit in which they do all these things is well worthy of dramatic pourtrayal. If it be characteristic of the people to indulge their passions in miserable fashion, if too often Dr. Lloyd is the logical conclusion of so-called love, then must dramatic treats ment of life-stories in which love is felt us an eternal fire, making all sacrifices easy and justifying every act in its cause, have greater scope, strike stronger notes, and elevate the standards of the stage. So with every other passion and human instinct. In our prosaic life the police court or other bloodless sordid tribunal is more and more becoming the recognised end Qf~aU-Jif$^ drama® begun in a whirlwind of feeling. J%e can always do good work whenever Ixy demonstrates that the highest dictates of human nature.tngj evefri^w be followed with honour, and that exalted^septimlnjtS^ may nobly prevail even amidst temporal disaster, aud' dearth of jumping horses." Why doesn't somebody, I wonder ? If Iliad a decent chaser. I would reserve him till this time of year, when the going is good and the fields are bad. The Millers will get going in a week or two, I expect, with Romsdal, Triangle, Ouyen, and oue or two more. Koseleaf carried 9st. 81b., and cut out the 5-furlong Ozone Handicap in lmin. 4sec.; as she won pulling up, this must be reckoned a first-class performance. And she capped it by the style in which she carried '.1st 121b to victory in the Spring Handicap of a rnilo. She is wonderfully well and hor beautiful action enabled hor to make nothing of big weights. What a lovely brood mare she ought to make. The Jumper's Flat Race was ft scrappy cag-mag sort of affair. Catspaw was favourite, and G. P. Brewer rode one of his worst races on him, driving him to the front with bis big weight six furlongs from home. Consequently he did not win, and Eealgar snapped the race up for the Millers, making their fifth win for the week. I noticed one rider in the race hitting bis boot with his whip coming up the straight. I had often heard of the device bnt bad never before seen it put into execution. Both Trentina and Upshot were genuinely backed for the Spring Handicap, but nothing had the ghost of a chance with Roseleaf. The Sydney jockeys appear to have made a terrible mess of the Derby among them, and the result was unsatisfactory, to say the least of it. Chargjp^the ' winner, is said to be a very fine colt with a/ aefojmiW ' foreleg, whioh does not, however, interfere \v,tth his galloping powers. He wore Coil down after aVfry game struggle, and won a meritorious race imsmsiai. as Hjk clZceTn the race. Coil had not been piecing thfeto^ - at all, but the chances are he would have been bettor suited by a strong pace throughout. Steward, the winner of the Epsom Handicap, is a nicely bred gelding by Welcome Jack (N.Z.) —Stewardess. He thns claims the same sire as Bob Ray, the winner of the last Sydney Derby, and registered a good performance in running the trying Randjvick mile in 1.40A. The unluckv "horse in the race was Le Var, who was absolutely last lialf-a-mile from home. Hopscotch wasa groat disappointment, and of the Melbourne mares, Nada and Wild Olive, the newspaper man saith they finished together, last! ^ ^ The A.J.C. committee has been going in for wholesale reforms this season, and, among other things, is making a clearance of some objectionable jockeys. Ettridge and Cis Parker are among the rejected. It is to be hoped tliat those licences will be restored after a reasonable time, as the places of talented horsemen such as these can not easily be filled. The runners, "offices,'' and tic-tac eccentricities are also to be suppressed with a firm hand. I always ref i f Sec^r B ° I wou.d at ce\^att81o\rU di fro™ rushing imd Careering through the crowd, but it seems hard-hearted to interfere with the innocent signals. 1 saw one man at Williamstown with an entirely new vocabulary, to me at least, and some of his motions wore acrobatic in their intensity. There are lots of people who should be shot off a racecourse before the tic-tac The deadly and unregenerate amateur ha6 his day out next Saturday at Moonee Valley, and knowing how very badly the fellows on the outsiders ride, the books are preparing to bet short prices on the field. A mile and three furlong race is Bet down in the programme, but has attracted a field very poor indeed in quality. It is not a good course to give a Cup horse a ran upon. * * * The second day of the Sydney meeting only established two things more firmly than ever—that big handicaps are hard to pick, and that Newliaven is a great horse. True Blue, who ran second in the Metropolitan, occupied the same position on Saturday behind the Derby favourite, who beat him in hollow fashion. The inference wa6 that he had nothing to beat;. hut True Blue's position in the big race shows that horse to !>c in good form, and Newhavcn is still firming in the betting market. If all goes well he will win both Derby and Cup. Confusion ran off in the Sydney Steeplechase when he had established a lead of 50 yards. This seems very 6trange as the little horse is a most willing jumper, but I suppose he was puzzled at being asked to gallop the reverse way. Ohken, his usual pilot, was left in Melbourne owing to an accident, and Galway Smith had the mount. Ohlsen improved the occasion by riding Warrior to victory at Williamstown on Saturday, and the chances are that Confusion wonld never have baulked with his usual pilot on board. # # # Coil's victory in the New Stakes is no criterion, as the race was run slowly and his stable companion, be Var, ran in his interests and finished second. ' This Bamc Le Var will want a lot of watching when he visit6 us in the spring. #' * * So old Malua is dead and just as he was really establishing his reputation at the stud. His progeny "really never got a fair chance at Inglistown, where the ^addockB were very bleak and exposed, but at Liuwood <Muage the case was different, and the Malua yearlings are^jiijB to bring big prices next autumn. .,. and the horse who looked most likely to take his place -< '• s \--The Oaklands weights arc not yet out, so 1 must deny myself the luxury of tipping. <H'i» : .is. 