A MAN'S GOES, BY E. H. STRAIN. " A man's foes shall be they of his own household." CHAPTER XLII. How Mrs. Hamilton Fell in Wich One Friend and Two Foes. I might now armed with my pass have pursued my way along the high- road ; but I judged it wiser, as well as pleasanter, to bear to the left along the river bank. But all ways have their own dangers round a town that is besieged, and though 1 easily contrived to skirt the camp itself, I was once or twice upon the very brink of' falling into an encampment of the wild Irish followers, which had been a worse difficulty to got out of. But after a time I left these, too. behind, and then began to concern myself that my enterprise was as good as accomplished now that the obstacles thereto were all surmounted and left behind. Alas ! the one obstacle I had never taken thought of now began to threaten me most shrewdly with failure, and that was mine own miserable weakness. What was the walk to Carrigans to a strong young woman like me ? Nothing. A trifle-a morning's diver- sion. And now that it was, as one might say, almost within my view, I began to find my limbs faltering beneath me, and my strength so thoroughly gone that was out of my power to go a step further until I had rested again. Perhaps it was the sight of mine own dear home that drew all the last of my strength into eyesight and memory for it was just over against me, with its topmost turrets and windows full in view above the belt of trees, when I broke down altogether. I sat me down upon the ground where I was, and fell to longing for the wings of a dove, that I might fly to it and find me a messenger there instead of at Carri- gains, and so he free to return to the city. The sun was hot and highs and beat upon my head in the open field, and then I bethought me of a little thicket over against the Close ally brook (in the mouth of which I had used to keep mine own little boat in happier times It was but a few steps distant. I rose, and. dragging my wearied limbs toward it presently gained its shade. When persons of mine acquaintance have related in my hearing the story of enterprises of their own that they have brought to a happy issue, it hath often moved my wonder to mark how they have held to their first plan, in spite of all difficulties, bending adverse influences to their aid by mere force of will. Willi me it hath commonly been the exact contrary, and 'tis oftener by bending to circumstances than by subduing them that I have gained mine and at last. On this day, everything in the world seemed in league to befriend and further me and here, at the moment of my greatest discouragement, occurred the strangest instance of this their complaisance. For, having gained the little thicket, I was on the point of casting me down to rest in its covert, when there came to mine ears the whispering splash of the river against its shore, clear in the morning stillness. Sure, there is never another sound in the world so sweet, unless it be the music of the mounting lark, that is the melody most proper to its burden. Its invitation tempted me and strengthened me to take a few last steep steps that lay between me and its brink. Having accomplished their, I saw, there at my very feet, mine own little boat. I knew her at the first glance. Near her on the bank there was a man bending over some task that I took not the time to observe, for at the sound of my rustling footsteps he raised his head, and looked me in the face and whom should it be but Andrew Wilson, our old Scotch gardener ! My . task was accomplished now, in good sooth, I thought and I put out any hand to him without a word, having scarce the breath to utter one betwixt the surprise and the scramble. To mine amazement, he looked me in the face without a sign of recognition, as though I were a person he had never set eyes on till that moment. " Well, lass," said he and, sure, there never was a sound more homely in any ears than his manner of speech to mine ; " and who may you be that's safe countries and gentry and white in the face ?" " Andrew," said I, finding my voice to a moment, "is it possible you do not know me ?" He shaded his eyes with his hand, and an odd change passed over his countenance. "Na, na," said he. "Sic a thing wadna be permitted. Dinna tell me you're my mistress !" " Why not ?" said I, " when that is what I am ; or was, at least, In former days." " Dead," said Andrew-" dead, and see young an' safe bonny ! Dead o' fair want an' famine ! An', oh, the pair toon of Derry, when the gentry the les sic a weird !" At that, seeing what he took me for to wit, any own spectre, and a messenger of evil-I could not choose but laugh, and, having begun, my daughter got the better of me, so that I could not leave it off, till at last I was fain to sit down upon the bank to indulge it, and to humour the trembling in my knees that would not pass away. He came nearer to me with a look of wonder, as one whose imagin- ings of how a ghost should comport itself were all astray. I put out my hand to him again. " Andrew," said I, " 'as I myself, and no spirit. 'Tis I myself in the flesh. But ghost or none, sure you'd never be afraid of me in the broad daylight." At that he came quickly to my side, and took my hand in his he looked from that to my face and back again. " My Teddy," said he-" my dear leddy ! Eh, but you're sair wasted ; ye mane has had a said time cat to gar, ye look see like a ghost. I wonder if I'd ken Annot again, gin I were to see her." The pity in his eyes changed to a kind of fear and hesitation. "May she'll not be leeches," said he slowly. " She is alive and well," I told him, and not much altered at least, to mine eyes, that see her often." " She must be as much as a blizzard haddock," said he, in a tone of indignation, whereas my lips took so ungovernable a fit of twitching that I could not help breaking out again into undisguised laughter. He looked at me gravely the while, as one that marvelled at the folly of a creature so easily moved to mirth. 'Tis a position in which we have often found ourselves, both before and since. But I was grave enough, and graver than himself, before I had finished answer- ing the questions that he presently began to ply me with. I ("But now," said I to him, having satisfied his inquiries-" now my task is at an end, and mine errand accomplished, for you will be my messenger to Colonel Kirke ; you will tell him all I have told you. Make him understand the straits we are brought to sure, when he knows them he'll delay no longer, but will come at once to our relief." " I fear Hint's oot o' my power." said he, very slowly, as one that is forced to utter the thing he loathes. " Don't . say so !" I exclaimed. " You're old-that's true ; but the fate of the whole city-I say not of the kingdom, but it's no less hangs, perhaps, upon that' message." " it can be borne by me," said he, more firmly ; " an' grieved I am to say it. It's no the age there's many a good day's work yet in An'ra'. But I gied ma promise, when I took protection, neither to act against King James nor yet to assist his enemies to do yourerrant wad be bath of them-an' mair's the pity." " It's the last thing I'd ask of you," said I. to break your plighted word even to do the greatest service in the world to your friends and to your country. God's strength aiding me, I'll even try to find my way to the fleet myself." 1 rose to 'my feet as I spoke ; but God, alas ! had granted me no such renewed strength as I hoped and the action was enough to show me how futile were any such attempt on my part. Whoever should take to Kirke the tale of our extremity, I was convinced that it would never be Mary Hamilton. Andrew saw the admission written on my face. " You're no sale daft !" said he " that I auld say sic a word to my mistress ! You're ower sair forfoughten withe road you've come already, to pit fit to grind on sic a journey. a, na ! ye'll line to seek another messenger ; and' you'll have to rest a week before you do e'en see muckle. Sit ye doon in your ain bonny boat-sheds grey an' shod, considering' a' thing-an' I'll take' you gently' over the river to a biddy bit I ken o', that's as safe free rovin' lit as it is free roving' eye." I could not gainsay him 'was even but too evident that I must rest before I could go further afield to find me one that I knew would be my messenger. As tenderly as though I were a child did Andrew place me in the boat, and it seemed but a minute after that he was helping me out in the little cove at the other side. After that she led me. by a marvellous intricate path he had contrived, up the steep bank, through the tangle of brushwood, and so into mine own pleasant wilderness, which now was such a maze of sallows as never eye of man beheld before in a garden. Through that also did he lead me, and presently brought me, altogether bewildered, to the door of the little summer-house ; it was us thick beset in front with sallows as it was behind, so that I did not marvel that he should say it was as safe from roving eye as from roving foot. But the house itself was as fairly kept as ever and never, sure, did any wayfarer had any resting place with greater thankfulness than I the sight of it. Being seated there-and never till that moment, I thought, had I known the worth of shade and coolness-the old man left me, disappearing among the gallows with extraordinary rapidity. Before long he returned, bringing in one hand a piece of fair white bread, the like of which I had not seen for months, and in the other a green leaf filled with the most beautiful red ripe strawberries that ever I saw in my life. '* Why, Andrew," said I, " are these the fruit of the Virginia strawberries that you preferred to the company of all your friends in Derry V Have they escaped prowling foot and thievish hand, and repaid your care of them V" " I'se warrant them, returned the old man, with a very comical look of self- satisfaction. " Ye'll no see many sic berries in Ireland, or I'm far out in my reckoning ! Eat them up, ma leddy ; there's plenty maid whom she came' free ; thanks to the sauce buses, that nobody thinks of' warship' his way through. Ay, there's a wheen two footed draws here away was have made short work of them, had they had but the least inkling' of' what was the wee! hidden over the slope of the hill. Eat them up !" he continued to exhort me, as I hesitated to touch the tempting morsels " I tell ye there's youth of them thereby for the gathering'. Ay, and mair bread, to the bargain though I daresay it's thieving' that Papishers wad eat, gin they saw me that it, an' that though they'll never pay you black or boddle either for the use of your house or the destruction they've done till." Be disappeared again from my side ; but returned almost immediately with a. truss of dry hay, which he began to spread out upon the floor. " Rest ye there," said he, when he had gotten It placed to his mind. " If you get a sleep, 'twill be that the better. 'And in the meantime I'll-" He hesitated, and then stopped, looking at me from under his brows the while with the strangest balancing expression that ever I saw on a human visage. " Ay," said he, " I dinna ken ; maybe it's a kind of' teeth'. But the laddie's no far away I could fetch lid on to your ladyship braw an' quickly-and blithe, blithe he'd be to do your errant-I ken that. But dead take' me gin I have only clearness-I can tell whether it be lawful or no (me being' held back by a promise given to have nee dealing withe the side nor the other) to bring him to speech or' you !" The solid ground seemed to turn with me, as I gathered his meaning from his broken words. There was, then, some one close at hand, ready and willing to be my messenger, if he but knew of my need and yet by the old man's scruples I was like to be baulked of him. " Indeed, Andrew," said I coldly (for though I could not but respect his re- verence for his word, the same was like to cost me dear-and his vacillation moved mine anger), " I have little skill in the resolving of questions in casuistry ; you must even settle that matter with your own conscience ! But when you think that by detaining me here- in safety, I grant you but out of the way of friends as well as foes, you may be keeping me from meeting that same messenger, and thus be serving the enemy-" I ceased, for I saw that I had hit on a consideration that had weight with him. " Dod ! I'll risk it," quoth he and therewith he left me. The couch he had prepared me was as tempting as though it had been composed of down to one so weary as I. 1 laid me down upon it, with no purpose to sleep, and even with a little feeling of amusement that the old man should have thought it possible, in the situation I was in. But all of the world that I could see breathed peace and rest. The sigh of the summer breeze among the willow saplings, the gently moving lights and shadows, the was not h and sweetness, soothed me like a lullaby. The hum of the bees around the open door was full of the very spirit of drowsiness and before I knew that I felt their influence I must have yielded to it and fallen asleep. (To be continued on Thursday.) 