"WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER, BY MISS BRADDON. CHiAPTER XXIV.— "QUITE OUT OF FASHION." I Denzll received good news by the hands of a inounted messenger In the following forenoon. , The knight had written, "Ride — ride — ride!" in tlhe., Elizabethan style, on tho cover of his letter, vylnch contained but two brief sentences — "Womanlike, she has changed her mind. Come Wfiiisn thou wilt, dear son." 'And the son-in-law-to-be lost not an hour. He was at 'the Manor before nightfall. He was a member of tho quiet household again, subservient to tils mistress in everything, and submitted to be used somewhat 111 from the lover's standpoint. "Thero aro some words that must needs be Emdken before wo are agreed," Angela said, when tfiay found themselves alone for tho first time in t!ie garden, on the morning after his return, and when Denzll would fain have taken her to his I meant and ratified their betrothal with a kiss. "I tjflnk you know as well as I do that It is my ftehhlar's wish that has made mo change," she said. "So long as you change not again, dear, I am of a® men tho happiest. Ye3, I know 'ti3 Sir John's wooing that won you, not mine. And that I liavo sdlll to conquer your heart, though your hand is premised me. Yet I do not despair of being loved ln.-as full measure as I love. My faith 13 strong In this power of an honest affection." '"You may at least be sure of my honesty. I ptMfess nothing hut the desire to be your true and obedient wife " "Obedient! You sliall be my empress." "No, no. I liavo no wish to rule. I desire only to make my father liappy, and you too, sir, If I can." "Ah, my soul, that is so easy for you. You have btit to let mo live In your dear company. I doubt I: would rather bo miserable with you than happy with any other woman. Ill-use me if you will; pilay Zantippe, and I will he weaker that Socrates. But you aro all mildness — perfect Christian, per fect woman. Y'ou cannot miss being perfect as Wife — and " Another word trembled on ills lips; but lie checked himself lest he should offend, and the (speech ended In a sob. "My Angola, my angol." Ho took her to his heart, and kissed the fair brow, cold under Ills passionate kisses. That word "angel" turned her to ice. It conjured baolc 'the sound of a voico that it was sin to remember. Faroham had called her so; not once, but many times, in tho placid days of friendship, before tho fiery breath of passion liad withered all the flowers jn lier earthly paradise — before the knowledge of evil had clouded tho brightness of the world. A gentle peace reigned at the Manor after 'Angela's betrothal. Sir John was happior than he bad been since the days of his youth, before the coming of that cloud no bigger than a man's hand, when John Hampden's stubborn resistance of a thirty-shilling rato had brought tho Crowu and : tho people face to face upon the burning question of ship-money, and kindled the fire that was to devour England.- From the hour he loft his young wife to follow tho King to Yorkshire, Sir John's life had known little of rest or of comfort, or even of glory. He had fought on the losing side, and bad missed the famo of those , who fe.ll and took the rank of heroes by an un timely death. Hardship and danger, wounds and sickness, straitened means and scanty fare had been his portion for three bitter years, and then had come a period of patient service, of schemes and intrigues foredoomed to failure; of going to and fro, from Jersey to Paris, from Paris to Ire land, from Ireland to Cornwall, journeying hither and thither at tho behest of a shifty. Irresolute 'man, or a passionate, imprudent woman, as the rase might be; now from the King to the Queen, now from tlio Queen to this or that ally; futile errands, unskilful combinations, failure on every hand, till the last fatal journey on which he was nn unwilling attendant — the flight fiotr. Hampton Court to Titclifinld. when tho fated King broke, faith ivsth his enemies in au unfinished negieaa- thin. Foreign advenitnre had followed English hard ships, and the soldier had been tossed on the stormy sea of European warfare. He had been graciously received at tho Freuch Court, but only to fee! himself a stranger there, and to have his English clothes and English accent laughed at by Grammont and Bussy, and the accomplished St. Evremond, and tho frivolous herd of their imi tators; to seo even tho Queen, for whom lie had spent his last jacobus, smile behind her fan at his bevues, and whisper to her sister-in-law while lie knelt to kiss tho little white hand that had led a King to ruin. Everywhere the stern Malignant had found himself outside the circle of the elect. At the Hotel de Rambouillet, in the splendid houses of the newly-built Place Royalo, In the salons of duchesses, aud the taverns of courtly roysterers and drunken poets, at Cormier's, or at the Pine Apple, in tho Rue de la Juiverle, where It was all the bettor for a Christian gentle man not to understand the talk of the wits that flashed and drank there. Everywhere ho had been a stranger and aloof. It was only under canvas, in danger and privation, that ho .lost tho senso of being ono too many In the world. There John ICirkland found his level, shoulder to shoulder with Condo and Turenno. Tho stout cavalier was second to no soldier in Lotiis'3 splendid army; was of tho stamp of an earlier raco oven; better inured- to hardship than any save that heroic prince, the Achilles of tho day, who to tho graces of a modern courtier joined the temper of an ancient Greek. His daughter Hyacinth had given him the ut most affection which such a nature could give; but it was the affection of a trained singing-bird, or a broken- no3ed spaniel; and the father, though he admired her beauty, and was pleased with her caresses, was shrewd enough to perceive the lightness of her disposition, and the shallowness of her mind. He rejoiced In her marriage with a man of Fareham's strong character. "I have married thee to a husband who will know how to rule a wife," he told her on the nlglit of her wedding. "You have but to obey and to be happy; for he Is rich enough to Indulge all your fancies, and will not complain If you waste tho gold that would pay a company of foot on the decoration of your poor little person." "The tone In which you speak of my poor little pei son, sir, can but remind me how much I need the tailor and the milliner," answered Hyacinth, dropping her favorite curtsey, which she was ever ready to practise at the slightest provoca- toln. "Nay, petite chatte, you know I think you the loveliest creature at Saint Germain or the Lou vre, far surpassing In beauty the Cardinal's niece, who lias managed to set young Louis's heart throbbing with a boyish passion. But I doubt you bestow too much care to the cherishing of a gift so fleeting." "You have said the word, sir. Tis because it is so fleeting I must needs take care of my beau ty. We poor women are like tho butterflies and the roses. Wo have as brief a summer. You men, who value us only for our outward show, should pardon some vanity in creatures so ephe meral." "Ephemeral scarce applies to a sex which owns such an example as your grandmother, who has lived to reckon her servants among the grand sons of her earliest lovers." "Not lived, sir! No woman lives after thirty. She can but exist, and dream that she is still ad mired. La marquise has been dead for the last twenty years, but alio won't own it. Ah, sir, e'est uno trlste supplies to have been! I wonder how these poor ghosts can hear that earthly purgatory which they call old age. Look at Ma dame de Sable, par exemple, once a beauty, now only a tradition; and Queen- Anne. Old people say she was beautiful, and that Buckingham risk ed being torn by wild horses — like Ravaillac — only to kiss her hand by stealth in a moonlit gar den, and plunged England in war but for an excuse to come back to Paris. Who would go to war for Anne's haggard countenance nowadays?" Even In Lady Fareham's household the Cavalier soon began to fancy himself an Inhabitant too much: a dull, grey figure out of a tragical past. He could not keep himself from talking of the martyred king, and those' bitter years through which he had followed his master's sinking for tunes. He told stories of York and of Beverloy, of the scarcity of cash which reduced his Majesty's Court to hut ono tablo, of that bitter affront at Coventry, of the evil omens that had marked the raising of the standard and filled superstitious minds with dark forebodings, and reminded old men of that sad shower of rain that fell when Charles was proclaimed at Whitehall, on the day of Ills accession, and of the shook of earthquake on h'is coronation day, of Edgehlll and Llndsey's death, of the profligate conduct of the Cavalier regiments, and the steady, dogged force of their psalm-singing adversaries, ' of Queen Henriotte's courage, and beauty, and wilfulness, and her fatal Influence upon an adoring husband. "She wanted to he all that Buckingham had been," said Sir John, "forgetting that Bucking ham was the King's evil genius." That lively and eminently artificial society of the Rue de Touraine soon wearied of Sir John's reminiscences. King Charles's execution had re ceded into tho dim grey of history. He might as well liavo told them anecdotes of Cinq Mars, or of the Groat Honri, or of Moses or Abraham. Life went on rapid wheels In patrician Paris. They .had Conde to talk about, and Mazarin's numerous nieces, and the opera, and the new Importation from Italy, which the cardinal was bringing into . fashion; while tho remote past of half-a-dozen years hack tho Fronde was the only Interesting subject, and even that was worn threadbare; the adventures of the Duchess, tho conduct of the Prince in prison, the intrigues of cardinal and Queen, Mademoiselle, yellow-haired Beaufort, daiels of five against five — all — all these were omolent history as compared with young Louis and Ms passion for Marie de Manclni, and the schem ing of her wily uncle to marry all his nieces to reigning princes of embryo kings. And then the affectations and conceits of that elegant circle, the sonnets and madrigals, tho '"bouts-limes," the practical jokes, the logle-chop- jr:ng and straw-splitting of those ultra-lino intel lects, tho romances where the personages of tho day masqueraded under Greek or Roman or Ori ental aliases, books written in a flowery language which tho Cavalier did not understand, and full of allusions that were dark to him; while not to , know and appreciate tboso master-works placed j him outside the pale. He rejoiced In escaping from that over-charged | atmosphere to the tavern, to the camp, anywhere. I He followed the exiled Stuarts in their wanderings, ! paid Ills homage to the Princess of Orange, roamed from scene to scene, a stranger, and one too many ; wherever he went. Then came the hardest blow of all — the chlll- 1 ims disillusion that awaited all Charles' faithful ! friends, who wore not of such political lmport- ' anco as to command their recompense. Neglect 'and forgetfulness were Sir John Klrkland's por- , lion, and for him and for such as he that caustic : definition or the Act of Indemnity was a hard and cruel truth. It was an Act of Indemnity lor tho king's enemies, and of oblivion for his friends. Sir John's spirits had hardly recovered from the bitterness of disappointed affection when, he came back to tho old home, though his chagrin was seven years old. But now In Ills de light at the alliance with Denzll Warner ho seemed to have renewed his loaso of cheerfulness and bodily vigor. He rode and walked about the lanes and woods with erect head and clastic limbs. I-Ie played bowls with Denzll in the sum mer evenings. 1-Ie went fishing with his daugh ter and her sweetheart. Ho revelled In the aim- 1 pie rustic llfo. and told them stories of his boyhood, when James was king, and many a queer utory of thai eccentric Monarch and of .Buckingham. "Ah, what a history that was!" he exclaimed. Tils mother trained hlra as i" with a foreknow ledge of that star-like ascendancy. Ho was schooled to shine and dazule, to excel all com peers In the gtaceji imv.i ami women admire. I aocbt she never thought of the mind Inside hlra, or cared whether he had a heart or a lump of marble b-obbid his waistbaud. Ho was taught ueRher to think nor to pity — only to gblne; to bo qwick wslh his tongue in half a dozen languages, with Ills sword after half it dozen modes of fence. Ho could kill his man In the French, or tlie Italian, or tho Spanish manner. He was cosmopolitan in tho knowledge of evil. He had every device that can make a man brilliant and dangerous. He mounted every rung of the ladder, leaping from step to step. Ho ascended swift a3 a shooting star from plain country gentlemnn to the level of princes. Aud ho expired with an ejaculation, astonished to find himself mortal, slain In. a moment by tlio thrust of a tenpenuy knife. I remember as if it were yesterday how men looked and spoke when the news came to London, and how some said this murder would be tho saving of King Charles. I know of ono man all least who waB glad." "Wh® was he, sir?" asked Denzll. "Ho Who had the greatest mind among Eng lishmen—Thomas Wentworth. Buckingham had held him at a distance Irom the king, and his strong .passionate temper was seething with ln- dlgi aticcn at being kept aloof by that silken syba rite — avi impotent gonoral, n fatal counsellor. After tlho favorite's death there camo a time of peace and plenty. The pestilence had passed, tho war was over. Charles was happy, with Ills Ilen- rlotte and their lovely children. Wentworth WU3 in Ireland. Tlio parliament house stood still and empty, doors shut, swallows building under tho caves. 1 look hack, and those placid years melt into each other like one long summer. And then, again, as 'twere yesterday, I hear Hampden's drums and fifes In the lanes, and see the rebel's flag with that hateful legend. Vestigia nulla re- trcmim, and Buckinghamshire peasants aro un der arms, and the king and his people have be gun to hate and fear each other." "None foresaw that the war would last so long or end in murder, I doubt, sir," said Angela. "Nay, child; we who were loyal thought to see that rabble withered by the breath of kingly nostrils. A word should have brought them to tho dust." "There might be so easy a victory, perhaps, sir, from a king who knew how to speak the right word at the right moment, how to comply graciously with a just demand, and how to bo firm In a righteous denial," replied Denzll; "but with Charles a stammering speech was but the outward expression of a wavering mind. He was a man who never listened to an appeal, but al ways yielded to a threat, were it only loud enough." (To be continued.) 