OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.]. Parliament is to be prorogued on Tuesday, 29th, and the work of the session is to be brought to a conclusion this (Wednesday) evening. Seeing, however, that there is still a fair session's programme to be got through, I have a doubt about the matter. As the natural effect of the shortening time there has been a disposition to rattle off the business at the double quick, except during an interval when the Home was subjected to a bad attack of water on the brain, Mr. Deakin took three hours to "go for his critics, the Commissioners who furnished the report on water supply and irrigation trusts. Mr. Langdon hit back in a speech occupying six hours, which brought forth a reply occupying yet an hour more. The exchanges were very acrid and vitriolic The Home yawned, slept, and all but counted itself out several times, and when the Hon. Alfred ceased there was a general sigh of relief' as when a man says thank goodness, that is over. In other directions the disposition of members to look after No. I has been much in evidence. Thus, when the bill to reduce the number of members in the Assembly was discussed, though the majority were pledged to it up to the hilt, they threw it out on the second reading, and while the Premier, who had introduced it under Opposition pressure, " winked the other eye, the patriots in the Labour corner laughed consumedly. The same care for No. 1 brought a perfect hurricane about the ears of Mr. Russell, the unfortunate member who wanted to know why Mr. P. should receive from the Railway Department, as he had done, two undated blank passes transferable to anyone, and suggested that if the salaried representatives of the people wished to treat their friends to town trips they should pay for it out of their own pockets. The simple remark almost provoked a riot, so loud and vehement were the expressions of disapproval. The man who " wanted to know, you know," was metaphorically knocked down, danced upon, flayed alive, keel . hauled, and hung, drawn, and quartered. But his question had two good effects. It produced a reply from the Minister of Railways, which for pro- fundity deserves to be immortalised. He explained that the opening and closing of Parliament are regarded as shows," and that if people from the country are not afforded an opportunity of seeing them they will have just cause to complain of the greater advantages enjoyed by the citizens of Melbourne. This is all very well ; but every citizen of Melbourne may crowd into the streets to see the "show," if beer she pleases, and would Mr. Williams therefore propose to bring every person dwelling in the country down to town twice a year to see the parliamentary peep show 1 The other good effect is that the practice is to be discontinued. Mr. Mathieson stood astounded that open passes having no terminating date were issued to members. It is said that he has good reason to believe that they have been used by those receiving them from members during the entire year. He therefore claims that this year his department shall be credited with £400 for their issue, and that they shall not again be supplied. Railway passes gave yet another opportunity for a display of super sensitiveness with respect to a matter of personal privilege, when the leader of the Opposition wanted to know from the Home why the Commissioner of Income Tax should require him to state if he ever used his pass on his private business. It was shameful that these preparations should be made into the private affairs of hon. members, and it was not till the Premier pointed out that it was not for the Home to answer income tax inquiries that the irate Sir John would consent to be even partially pacified. In the Council the principal event has been the short shrift accorded the Constitu- tion Act Amendment Bill, which sought to bestow on us the inestimable boon of the female franchise. The question was, did this make such an alteration in the Constitu- tion as required to be carried by an absolute majority of the House. The Assembly, by the Speaker, said no. The Council, by the President, despite the threatening scowls and enticing smiles of a number of ladies present in the Chamber to hear their fate, said yes and as it had not been presented as passed by the absolute majority necessary to effect such an alteration, it was shelved. By the way, as straws indicating the way the wind blows, I may mention that one prominent woman suffragist delivered a lecture at the Warrawee Club, a kind of women's debating society, in course of which she held up Lady Macbeth as her ideal type of womanhood. Fancy the case of a community with all its maids, wives, widows, and divorcees built on this moral, wandering about in their nightdresses, washing their hands with invisible, soap in imperceptible water, and exclaiming at intervals, " O-that spot I ' What a gay old time the Duncans of the world would have The other significant little incident was that a woman's meeting in furtherance of the woman's suffrage cause was held during the past week under the auspices of a prominent society leader, who lent her drawing room for the occasion, and the attendance fell short of 25. This is what the female franchise faddist calls " a large an influential, and an ever-increasing section of society." Last week was marked by two very bad accidents to people moving in the highest social circles. In one case Mr. Justice Hodges was riding into town on his bike, when in crossing at right angles a street having a long, steep incline, an idiot who was coasting down ran into him broadside on at a speed of about 20 miles an hour. The mix-up of shattered machines and badly shaken riders was terrible, and if, on sorting them out, it had been found that the " coaster " had broken his neck, society would have been all the safer for it. Unfortunately, it was the Judge who suffered most, and he is now laid up with a broken leg, a dislocated ankle, several ruptured tissues, besides suffering from the effects of the shock. It is, however, satisfactory to know that the League of Victorian Wheelmen has met and passed a resolution condoling with His Honor, and offering him the assistance of its solicitor if he decides to prosecute the "coasting" creature, I can imagine the Judge replying as did another eminent jurist when urged to go to law, " Sir, if a man met me in the street and laid claim to my coat I would take it off and give it to him, for fear that in defending my right to it I would lose my vest and trousers," Doctors never take their own physic. The other case I was very similar to that which ended in the sad death of Miss Newell, of Balaclava, about 18 months ago. Miss Gertrude Snodgrass had been visiting her sister, Lady Clarke, wife of Sir William, and was returning from Cliveden by tram when the driver of a cart going in the opposite direction pulled on to the track, and a collision occurred, the shaft making a ghastly wound in the poor girl's thigh, shattering the hip-bone terribly. To this point both sufferers are doing wonderfully well, and will, it is hoped, make a good recovery. We have struck the dreary speech-day season again, and have fortunately almost got through with it. That anything more diabolical and, upon the whole more dis- ingenuous, was ever invented for the de- pressing of the mind masculine I am prepared to doubt. But you know how it is in a small way yourselves. You have school speech days down In Hobart, and all the region round about Jordan. Yougetaunualdoaesof "Now Stood Eliza," the "Battle of Hohenlinden, " Brutus and Cassius," " The Boy Stood on the Burning Deck" and "The Downfall of Poland," and if you contrast your 30,000 people with our 400,000, you will find that as 30 is to 400, so as your trial to the sum total of our awful agony. If the affairs were the accompaniments of a report by a Government Inspector, you might stand them with more equanimity ; but when you reflect that they are ghastly shows organised by the principal that he or she may read you a report drawn up by his or her self (bad look to these pronouns) testifying to his or her conspicuous ability and success as a teacher, and to the merits be or she has developed in his or her pupils ; when you remember the infliction of the prize presentation, and of the stereotyped surprise presentation in return, you begin to ask yourself, in the language of the great apostle of sensationalism, Mr. W. T. Stead-" Who ought to be let us say transmogrified-for this!" Apropos of speech days, we had one of a much happier sort in the MCC. pavilion when "Our Boys " came up from Launceston by the Pateena, It was a merry gathering, and the explanation about the Prince's cigar modern merrier. Mr. Harrison, the chairman, dwelt with fervour upon the electric thrill of delight which ran through the anatomy of every loyal colonist when it was telegraphed that Trott had lunched with the Prince of Wales. He cold of their ecstasy when it was further reported that H.R.H. had given Harry a cigar, and he dwelt upon the horror they experienced when they learnt that the latter, in a fit of rabid red republicanism, had thrown away the butt ! <. Have we," asked Mr Harrison in his most tragic tone), "Have we been mining in our bosom a Larpent who, after the common habit of opticians, has turned again to rend us Then came Trott's explanation that the Prince never gave him a cigar that it was all a smoke based myth, springing out of the fact that when the sharp cable corre »pondentaawhimimokingaolgar, and asked him "Did the Prince give you that," he, Trott, with a boat cricketer's usual venera- tion for street veracity, replied "Rather." 01 my masters, how many sensational cables have an exactly similar sort of foundation. As I anticipated when Lady Brassey closed her subscription-lists on behalf of the Royal Victorian Institute for the Blind yesterday, the amount required, £5,600, was fully contributed, and before the last item came to hand there was a handsome surplus. The meeting to inaugurate the movement took place at Government Home on October 16, so that the clearing off of the debt has occupied just two months. Not bad During last week our parliamentarians had the pleasure of entertaining a party of their New South Wales fellows, who came over to "put them through" in a friendly sort of way at bowls, rifle shooting,) and cricket. The visit was made very pleasant for the Cornstalks, but the programme was slightly varied. At the two lazy games, bowls and target-potting, our men came out grandly ahead. You see you can go delightfully slow at the one, and actually lie down to the other ; but when it came to cricket well, the parliamentary ashen never had the ghost of a chance of lying in a Victorian urn. The Sydney men ran rings round our fellow!, and went back hugely elated over their prowess. There is a lull in things theatrical pending the hilarious hurricane which is to burst upon us on Boxing Night. The Princess is shut up rehearsing Mate, the new extravaganza. One of the Best is hanging on like grim death at the Royal, The Highlanders standing in the breach and stopping the gap with characteristic gallantry ; the Cosgrove Company is rehearsing The Serpent's Coil at Her Majesty's (late Alexandra the Broughs have finished at the Bijou, and Frank Thornton is there rehearsing The Strange Adventures of Miss] Brown, and the Obirgwin boom still draws at the Opera Home. _ 