Tlie Marlrr. (From the Buixetix. N"t oaly on cross and gibbet, By 6Worii, and fire, aud flood, _ Hi.tp p-iidud ihu world's sad mar yrs , Whose names are writ in blood. A weman lay in a liovl, Mean, dismal, gasping for brca h ; Oik- friend alone WHS beside liv! — Tiio nun- of him was — Death. For the sake of her orphun chil 'ren, 1',. liHHi'-)' to hoy them food, Site had slaved in the diem lio<el And wasted her womanhood. No Test ; no pause ; but always — Th'ough sick'uing, stifling hat That, 111 panting days of rummer, Reeked iu the squalid street. When folk eat on' on thoidooisteps Praying f.- r f intent stir Of air — (he kept flavin;', sl-ving; There was no rest for her. She worked with limbs sorc-aehing And ryes that dare not lire, In rlmd'h ling eights ef winter, \- tV i ill candle i-loue for fire. The songs of >h6 rolling seasonp, Tender, and g»y, and giave Fur 01 lie.s ; for her had ever The one grim burden — " Slave !" WinUr and spring anil summer Came euch with its load of vaies ; And autumn to her brongh on A haivest of grey hairs. Far out in the Ues-ed country, Beyond the em ky town, The winds of God were blowing JSreiin -re op and down. The trees were waving signals Of joy from the bu-li bevond t The gom its blue-gr-'eu banner, The fern its dark-green bond ; Flow'r c tiled to flow'r in whimpers, By sweet caressing names, An ( young gnm-slioois sprang upward Like woodland altar -flames; And, deep in the distant ranges, The magpie's fluting song Housed musical, mocking echoes 1/ jn the woodB of Dandennng; And riders were galloping gaily Wi li'loose-lield flowing rains. Through dim and shadowy gullies, Across broad, treeless plains ; And winds till ough the H -ads came wafiing Breaih of life tionithe sea, And over the bine horizon '1 he ships sailed silently ; And out of the sea at morning The sun rose, golden-bright, And in crimson and gold and purple Sank in in the sea at night ; But in dreams alone she saw them, Her hours of t''il between ; Like galley-slave to his oar she Wa-i chained to hei sewing-machine — Save only when back and forward, With tired and throbbing feet, Bearing b6r work to the Sweater, She trudged through the crowded street. Loiter ? She dared not loiter, Howe'er her heart might trave, But passed, like a ghost at croetcrow Hasting back to its grave. Her heart was ill the grave, too, That held her children three, Nor work, nor prayer could save them, Nor tea-s of agony. On the lips of her last and dearest Pressing a farewell, kiss, Bhe cried elond in her anguish — - " Can God make amends/or Uus ?" Dull, desperate, ceaseless, slaving Brtfi her of pow'er to pray, ' -< Jkrd M»n v»h careless ana cruel, ArfC-HfSf rvaj. Bat who shall meaGore his mercies ? s His ways aie in the deep ; And, after a fife of sorrow, He gave her His gift of sleep. Best comes at last to the weary, \- And freedom to theslave; Her tired aod worn-out body Sleeps well in its panper grave. Bnt His angel bore her sonl lip To that Bright Land and Fair, Where Sorrow enters never. Nor any cloud of Caro. They came to a lovely valley, Agleam with asphodel, And the son) of the woman speaking Said — " Hoe 1 fain would dwell!" The Angel answertd gently : " O S iii most pure an i dear! O Soul most tried and truest! — Thy dwelling is not iicr, ! " Behold thy placo appointed — To ng kept, long waiting — come! — Where bloom on the hills of heaven The roses of martyrdom." Vic-on J. Daley. 