LOCAL OPTION. The persistency in the face of ac cumulating disappointments with which the supporters of local option advocate their reform, as they regard it, is beyond praise. The temperance party has never been very strong in Australia, and the proposal of local option has not been received with unbroken assent even by it, yet tbe supporters of that proposal continue to bring it before the public with that true British courage which does not know when it is beaten. The smashing blow which local option received in tbe United Kingdom at tbe recent election does not dis courage them ; with unabated en thusiasm they still press on the public the acceptance of local option as the wisest step it could take. A week ago the annual meeting of the Local Option League of New South Wales was held in Sydney, and all t'ae old arguments were brought forward afresh. It may seem unkind, but truth compels the ad dition that these arguments were as plentifully besprinkled as ever with all the old fallacies and all the old deter mination not to recognise plain facts. The speakers laid great stress on the enormous sum spent annually on drink in the colony; that expenditure was tbe cause of incalculable misery and destitution ; if it were stopped the benefit to tbe colony would be beyond estimate. Then came the conclusion. Local option would stop it, therefore local option was the most desirable thing that could be secured for New South Wales. Argument such as this is of course hopeless. To begin with, a great part of the expenditure on drink is perfectly legitimate. The drink so bought is used and not abused, and the people who purchase it are not guilty of tbe slightest extravagance in so doing, for they can readily afford the money without in any way deferring or curtailing other just claims against them. Expenditure on drink is con demnable when the drink is improperly used, or when the purchaser is spending on it money which he ought to use in supplying more imperative wants, or in meeting his debts. But this remark applies to all forms of expenditure. Expenditure on meat would be con demnable if the purchaser were in dulging in that article of food to tbe injury of his health, and expenditure on dress to the neglect of debts or other obligations is no less condemn able than expenditure in like circum stances on drink. To take then tbe entire drink bill of the colony and argue that tbe total sum is an improper expenditure which ought to be stopped if possible is simply absurd. It would be just as reasonable to take the total dress bill of the colony and urge that it should be cot down three fourths on the ground that it is an improper expendi ture. There is no donbt extravagance on dress, people spending money on it money which they ought toapply to other purposes. But of the total dress bill of the country the vast proportion, is beyond donbt legitimate, and Hie same remark is true, though perhaps the pro portions may not be the same, with respect to drink. Supporters of local option blunder terribly when they base their case on the total drink bill of the colony. Their case, if it rests on such figures at all, rests on the proportion which is improperly spent, and this, although it is impossible to find it out precisely, we all know to be bnt a small fraction of the whole. As to the conclusion that if local option were granted tbis flagrant ex penditure would be stopped, that is quite fallacious. If prohibition were granted and could be enforced the stoppage of this expenditure wonld follow. But obviously it would not follow from local option even in an extreme form. For there would always be places where the supporters of local option wonld fail at the poll. Then even in those places where the local optionists succeeded the stoppage of this expenditure would be secured only if local option meant pro hibition. But it is rarely this is proposed. No doubt it is carrying the movement to its logical conclusion to say that where there is a majority of the inhabitants in any place anxious to stop the sale of liquor they should be empowered to withdraw every license. But if this were ' the proposal of any local option bill proposed in Australia it is pretty safe to say that it would not have the ghost of a chance of being passed. Usually local option proposals, even when pretty sternly drawn, are content with giving the right to tbe majority to reduce the licenses to a stated minimum. But if this were carried out all over Australia the expenditure on drink would still be enormous. Without taking any account of the con traband trade which wonld immediately spring up, people would still bny drink in large quantities, though at greater inconvenience to themselves than formerly. Of a truth local option is the most hopeless of movements. It would create difficulties quicker than it removed them. It wonld put the whole convenience and comfort of the people at the mercy of a capricious majority; it would bring about the most striking differences between places by making it legal to do in one what it was punishable to do in another; and it would not stop drunkenness, wbicb is tbe blot aimed at in all this proposed legislation. For in the towns where the local optionists failed the drunkard would flourish as be does now, and in other towns he would quickly find more sly-grog sellers willing to supply him than he was able to patronise. As for the rich man he would not be touched at all, for he would be able to replenish his private cellar at wi]L Local option had tbe bene fit of the support of one of the foremost men in England at the last election and it was beaten out of sight. After that reverse no prominent politician is likely to toach it again. Tfcere is a trend of opinion in England in favour of placing the hotels under the local authorities, so that the profits from the gigantic monopoly created by limiting tbe number of licenses should lie secured by the community and not as at present by private individuals. If the num ber of licenses was limited to say one in 500 of the population, which would give as about thirty in Rock hampton, and these were put up to auction for the benefit of the municipal council a very handsome sum would be received for the monopoly, which sum at present goes into private pockets. But even in England opinion is no more than drifting in that direction. It has not advanced far enough .to warrant any responsible Minister in formally proposing legislation with that object, and under the most favourable circumstances U not likely to do so for a good few years yet. 