iystery of Dumpton Gap . nv " HERBERT RUSSELL, Author of "A Conflict iu a Railway Tunnel," &o.; all aveshsoaud mains hesibved. I was returning ono autumn evening, somo years ago, from tlio quant littlo town of Broadstuirs, to Ramsgato, at whiohpluoel ofton ohnncod to bo sponding ii holiday. I walked by way of tho oliffs, with tho sea stretching wido on my loft, murmuring in a gentle musta of surf upon tho palo sands far bonoutli, and tall waving cornfields shutting out tho landwards view on my right. It was a beautiful night, I reinomber tbo hour, about oight o'olook. Overhead tho cloudless heavens woro a galaxy of stars from zouith to horizon, twinkling with a frosty brillinnoy, savo wlioro thoy burnt dim und wan in the light of the moon, thut floated largo and bland in their midst. It wus oloar to tho sea-line, upon whioli twinkled tho lanterns of tlio Goodwin liglit-sliips. I nover recollect such a rudionco of mooushino ; tlio shadow-like shapes of ships, creeping quietly along before tho soft, wind at soino throa or four miles from the coast, wero plainly rovaaled by it. I strolled leisurely, enjoying tho rich oceanic aromas horno to my nostrils by- tho mild breeze, and finding ploasuro iu the solitude and repose of that rioh night soonc. I liud turned a bend in tho lino of oiiffs, wliioh gavo mo a view of tho glimmering ohalk hoights for half a longuo ahead, and was approaching a stoop rugged doiilu that led to tlio beuoh below, and Is locnlly known as Dumpton Gap. A woird looking spot this, to view by tho light of iho palo moon beams ; if tlio ghosts of the bygone rttco of smugglers havo a trystiag pluco surely it must be hereabouts, just us in llfo tlio old chine wns their romlczvons, and I never think of tbo silent deserted chasm, as it uppourod on tills night, without bolioving tlint bud I lingered uwhilo upon tbo grnss- ooverod brink of it, my fancy would presently liuvo shaped a strange picture of spsutrai figures, olad in jerkins and knee-boots and rod worsted oups, passing in Btoalthy pro cession up tbo slope, with tubs of spirits and bulos of tobucao upon tiioir banks, making for tho dnrksomo cavos iu tho chalk-pit n littlo distunco inland. Glancing across towards the swelling tract of meadows through wliioh tho path ran ou tho othor side of the Gap, my eye wus taken by the figures of two men coming along ovor tho brow of tho hill, and showing dark and well defined against the starry sky thut wily. Thoy might probably havo been three- quarters of a inilo off wlion I first spied them, but thoir forms loomed largo in the gloom, and caused them to appear a grout denltinaror. I mudo my way round tho houd of the ravino so as to got on tlio other sido of it. By tho time I had again struck tho footpath, wliioh torminutoB at a littlo black hut tlint marks tho point of departure of somo Hubmurino oablo, tho two mon wore tolorahly olose, and I could hear tho sound of tlieir voices us they talked, so quiet was the niglit. Whilst I watched tliom I saw one of tho figures step aside on to" tho grass nnd kneel down, as though to adjust his bootlano or some such trifling matter. My attention nt that moment wns attracted by a bright shoot ing star flint sped across tho hciiTeiiB, almost direotly overhcud, and axpirod in a tiny showor of sparks, leaving a thin trail of goldon hnzo bohiud it, wliioh slowly molted out. When I iookod again for tho two men tho ono who lmd boon kneeling iviib no longer to bo seen, and his companion had como to a dead stand, and was staring around ub though in sonreh of him, In u very littlo while I oamo up with the man. He turned his head to survey me as I approached, nud said with a puzzled air : " Did you seo any tiling of tho gentleman I wus walking ivitb, sir?" "I was just wondering whut lmd beoome of him," suidl. " Ho stopped ou ono side to tie his boot," continued tho other, advancing u few steps towards the snot where I lmd seen tho man kncbling. " IIu I thoro lie lion half buriod in tlio long grass. Hello, Teuton. Wlmt's tho matter old chap ?" The dark shupo, lying flat on the edge of a densoly verdunt fiold, noithor stirred nor un- sworcd. Ho wont up to him, and bent over his figure. Ho lay prone, with liis arms and logs stretched out in the attitude of a swimmer. " Wlint is flint black murk at the baok of biaboad?" said I. Tho mun put his fingors to the hair of tho prostrate form ; then hastily whipped thom away with an exclamation of consternation and horror. They woro covered with blood. "Good God !" said 1m; " Ho is dead — look you, Bir, his skull has been beaten in. Who oan havo dono this tiling ?" Ho sprang erect from his stooping posture to guzo wildly around, but tho landsonpo stretched bare and plain to viow in tho moon light on evory hand. Hero wus a tragical objoot to light suddenly upon in tho midst of thiH peaooful night secuo. A man with Ids skull crusliod by somo fierce and brutal hlmv. But then, the amazing mystery of the thing- ; who could havo delivered the deadly stroko ? Tho man with whom I was talking, and who was sothundorstruok hy tlio shooldng discovery P No. I would swoor to it that he was innooent. I liud lmd tho two of thorn in viow all tho while sineo thoy ap peared over tho brow of the hill, savo during the brief interval, in whioh I removed my eyes to gaze up at that shooting star, and it was impossiblo that tho ono should have com mitted an onslaught upon the other without attraoting iny notice. I was puzzled to death by tho startling, dreadful affair , so sudden, so wholly inexplioablo. I rolled tho poor follow over on to his sido to look at his faoo ; but there was no need to more than glunco at the hideously aontortod foaturos to 'he assured that he was stono dead. His companion Boemed completely bewildered by tho torriblo business, and Btood stupidly watohing me ns Isurvoyedthe corpse. "Horo is anothor man approaching," he exclaimed, and looking up I perceived a tall figure coming along from tho direotion of the Gup. Ho name towards us, and whon he wae near enough for mo to distinguish him, I per ceived that ho was a ooaetguardsman. " Anything wrong horo, gontlomen ?" said he, pausing and loaning upon tho stout stick he carried. "Why, yes," answered tho stranger, "a dreadful thing has happened. I was walk ing with that poor gontloman lying there, when he stooped to tie up tlio luoo of his boot. I sauntered on a fow stops, and thon Iookod to seo wkethor ho was following, but found ho bud vanished, This gontlomnn then enmo up, nnd we discovered tlio body lying just us you now seo it." ' Tho ooustgunrd looked at me, and I nodded in u corroborative sort of way. Ho then went und oxumiuod tlie corpse, and picked up tho poor follow's lmt, wluoh lay at a littlo distance away. "It's been a mighty hard knook ns did this job," said he, thrusting liis fist through the crown, whioh had beon out nearly out. "What could it havo boon dono with? Ilis oyo instinctively sought tlio sticks wo carried; both of thom hupponcd to be light oaues, and no more cupablo of deiiling sucli a death blow as had hero boon delivered than of foiling an ox. "What is to bo dono ?" I asked. "Wo cannot remain standing, hare all night." Tho eoostguurdsimin reflected for a moment, nnd then said, "Are either of you gontlomen going to Ramsgato P" "I ijin," Iunsworod. " Then perhaps you'll call in nt tho polioo- station, report what has happened, and ask them to send along and fetch the body ? . I'll stop hero to keop watch ovor it, nnd show thom wliore it lies." " I will do so," said I, and wus just about to move olf when tho stranger said, "If you will allow mo I'll nocompany you. Aftor whnt bus occurred to my poor friend I fool too muoh shaken to continue my wulk slouo to Broudstairs." "Pray como," said I, and tlie two of ua sot out togethor, leaving tlio coustgiuu-dsman standing sentinol ovor the ghastly ohjeat. We antorod tho town just ns tho uhuroh clocks wero striking tho hour of nino. An inspootor wns sleopily poring over a news paper by tho light of a lamp as wo walked into the prdico-stution ; lie looked up, thoii pulled qff his glasses, luid aside the paper, and ndjustcd himself to hearken to whnt wo had to say. Mr. Mlllor— that was tlio name of, the gentleman— told his story in a conoiso, strnightforwnrd way. Tlio inspootor listened with his lnouth slightly upon, nud occasion ally jotted down a note on a sheet of blno fuolscap that ho produced from a drawer. I then added my own testimony, whioh was merely a confirmation of all that Mr. Millor had suid. Wlion wo had made an cud tho inspector touched a littlo olcctrio boll by liis side. A ooustublo tailored, to whom 'ho guye cortuin instructions. "Now, gontlomen," said lie, "I shall want jjour namos and addresses. Thoro will bo an inquest, probably to-morrow, uud you will ho culled as witnesses." Ho took down such informntion ns lie required, and wo then quitted tlio station. As wo stopped out into tlio stroot, I saw four polioomon bearing a strotoher with' thorn, einergo from tho yard and nini-oli away. I accompanied Mr. Millor to tho door of tlio hotel at which lio wuo going to pass tlio night, for lio lived ut Broudstairs, but said tliut lio would reiiiuiu in Ramsgato for tlio eoronor's inquiry on tho morrow ; and there I left him and returned to ray rooms, pondor- mg deeply ovor the mysterious and extraor dinary affair. On tho following morning u constable in mufti culled at tho houso whereat I was lodging, and sorrod mo with a notioo to attend at tho Town Hall at twolvo o'olook tliut day, when tho luquost upon tho body of tlio docensod gentleman would be held. I iookod in ut tho police- station aftor breakfast to asoertaiu wliotlior any discovery hud boon mado likely to soivo too mystery, but tlio inspector could give me no news. Ho said flint all thoy could toll was flint it wus ovidonlly a case of murdor, but by what hand onnimitted was a problem yet to be solved. At the appointed hour I repaired to tlio Town Hall, wliero I found Mr. Millor mid the coastguardsirinn. A juryhad beeuempunellod, nnd tlie coroner, a bustling littlo man in spootnoles, proceeded to opon tho inquiry. Mr. .Miller wus tlio first witness to bo ox- nmiued. IIo rolutcd how he had bean walk ing with liis friond, Mr. Godfry Teuton, nour Dumpton Gup ; how ho had Hteppod usido for ouo brief moment, and how whon ho (Mr. Millor) again looked, the unhappy man lay a lifoloss corpse. I than gave my avidenuo, tho particulars of which you are already acquainted with. Noxt too eoiistguardsman was eallod upon to toll liis story. Ho was iu tho midst of narrating what ho know about tlio straugo affair whon a knock full upon tlio door, and too polioo inspector entered tlio apartment. "Beg pardon for interrupting, sir," ho said, respectfully, to tho noronor, "hut one of oar men who was sont to thoroughly oxamino tlio spot iu Roareh of any woapon lias just returned, brintripg tins with him, whioli is tlio only discovery lio has mudo. Ho found it in tho identical place whoro tho poor gent w.-is struck down." As ho spoko ho x>hicod upon tlio tnblo what looked like a heavy brownish stono, about six inches long, slmpoa like n ououmbor, nud with a rough surfneo, resembling a honoycomb. Tho ooroner piokod it up, oxnmined it, weighed it thougktully in tho palm of his hand, and thou suid : " Suoh a missile might undoubtedly havo caused tho death of tho doeousod. But its more discovery still loaves us us mueli iu tlie ditrk as ovor, in tlio face of the witnesses' avidouoo ; for, ovon supposing it so to bo too weapon which killed Mr. Teuton, the quostiou still romuins who throw it?" I cannot tell how it enmo to mo, but at that moment im idea liim an inspiration oatorod my mind. Tlio strange shape and appoaranoo of tho stono, tlio. sudden memory of that bright shooting star right overborn! — I stopped forward mid suit), " Would you pormit mo to lnspeot that stone for a moment, sirP" Tho ooronor paRSod it to mo witli a glanoo uf surprise. I took it and examined it for u momont, with conviction ovor instuut grow ing in me. "I hsliovo I havo disoovcred toe solution to thin extraordinary problem," said I, laying tou missile upon too hsizo-oovered tablo. " It soeins scarcely credible, nud yet I havo no doubt it is truo. Geiitiomon, flint stone there is an uerollto : one of tlioso' strange meteoric bodies whioli are constantly dropping to tho earth out of tho heavens. I myself saw a largo shooting star burst immediately above us at tho very instant that Mr. Fonton must" havo .been struck dead, and there is no doubt at all, I think, that this is wliut killed him." A little murmur of wonder wont round among too mon, and too stone was piokod up and passod from hand to hund, with many oxolamations of ncquicsooneo in my view. My words seemed to liuvo impi-OBsed thom nil —tho suggestion explained everything; tho stono was undoubtedly a inoteorolito, and its discovery upon tho very spot where tho pool- follow was kiliod seemed conclusivo. Tlio ooronor thon addressed tlio jury. Ho said tout, in his own mind, ho felt no doubt it was just ns tho witness surmised. Every oirouin- stunco of tlio mysterious oaso pointed to tho probability of this explanation being tbo corrcut one. Novel- during the whole course of his experionoo had lie met with un affair of so strimgo a nature. And, in conclusion, lie felt that lio should be discharging liis duty by asking thom to return a verdict to tho offcot that Mr. Godfry Fonton mot hie death by too fall of a inoteorolito. The jury ncoOrdlngly returned a vordiot to this offset. ' 