DR. CHUALMERS AND OCARDINAL VAUGHAN. ('eo the Editor of the Evreing Penny Posr). Sin,-In his letter of April 27 the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn expresses his opinion on how unseemly it is to have heads of religious bodies discuss theological differences in secularnewapapers. I am not disposed to differ with him in that opinion, for if all were to teach their doctrines to those who follow their teachings it might tend to promote peace in society. But Dr. Chalmers gave threo lectures, not on his own teaching, but on that of the Catholic Church, and these were published in the Goulburn newspapers. There were, it is true, some grounds for his doing so, for he was reelvinc to an neaer.l f-om the Pope for the re ntion of Ohriotendom. The appeal wmans in itself very signilficant, for no other in the whole world could with any reasonmahe such an appeal. As those who acknowledge the Pope as having supreme authority by divine right to touech and govoern the Universal Church are found in every country under tlhe sun, he alone can speaok to the whole world. His children are found everywhere and forming one universal body, one in faith, and one in govern ment. He alone could speak of unity and of union, and the replies from the heads of different donominations ohow before the world a wonderful contrast. His Lordship answers my question as to the words attributed to Cardinal Vaughann, which he copied from the Church Times, " The MBother and the Child shall be inseparably worshipped by you with that perfect adoration due to God." The doctrine expressed in that quotation would be condemned as heretical, and is not a correct report of what Car dinal Vaughan did say, and is another proof that Protestant writers and speakers generally miore present Catholic doctrine. Cardinal Moran has shown that in his replies to Dr. Chalmers. As to Cardinal Newman in his " Theory of Development of Christian Doctrines:" In the pre face to the edition of 1878 he writes," Granting that some large variations of teaching in the long roe of 1800 years exist. Nevertheless, these on examiua tion will be found to arise from the nature of the case, and to proceed on a law and with a harmony and a definite drift, and with an analogy to Scripture revelations, which, instead of telling to their disadvantage, aoctually constitutes an argument in their favour as witnessing to a superintending Providence and a great design in the mode and in the cireumstances of their occurrence." What he means by some large variations appears clear on reading the essay. For example, before the Council of Nice, Doctors were not very clear on certain doctrines, but after thie Council's decisions all spoke as the voice of the church directed. This occurred previous to each one of the Councils, for at each some doctrine had to be defined. In this way the heretics were the occasion of bringing out more clearly the divine teaching of the church, and this Cardinal Newman calls the development of Christian doctrine. This, too, in the preface he speaks of as an analogy to Scripture revelation. Now, the essay as I read it is an historical state mont of the church proceeding through the ages and keeping the revealed doctrines against all the heresies, and time after time showing the revealed doctrine more clearly to the world. I find the book throughout filled with Scripture quotations as illustrating the progress of the bchurch and showing forth the grounds of the church's enotion. His idea of this development is expressed clearly in this quotation from his "Via IMedia," vol. 1, page 82 " There is the same difference between the modern and primitive teaching and nactions of the Catholic Church as between the boy and the man. Such difference as little interferes with the identity of the modern and primitive teaching as with the identity of the man and boy." How Dr. Chalmers could conclude from this book that Cardinal Newman was afraid to face the argument from Seripture and primitive Christianity is what I cannot comprehend. As to Cardinal Manning in his Temporal MIission of the Holy Ghost : The second chapter begins at page 51 and continues to page 98. Now, the whole of that chapter is taken up in proving from the Seriptures and Doctors of the church from the earliest ages that the church is perpetually in fallible. He concludes the chapter at page 98 with theose words :--" In conclusion, if the relation between the body and the spirit be conditional and dissoluble, then the enunciations of the church are fallible and subject to human criticism. If the relation be absolute and indissoluble, then all its enunciations by Pontiffs, Councils, Traditions, Scriptures, and the universal consent of the church are divine, anak its voice also is divine and identified with the voice of its Divine Head in heaven. But that the relation between the body and the spirit is absolute and indissoluble the theologimns, fathers, Scriptures, and the universal church, as we have seeoon above, declares. And, therofore, the infallibility of the church is perpetual, and the truths of revelation are so enutid oiated by the church as to antislpate all research and to exclude from their sphere all human criticism." With the above chapter before Ilis eyes how 'r. Chalmers could give Cardinal Manning ts no longer caring to face the arguments from Holy Scripture and primitive Christianity is what I cannot com prehend. But Dr. Chalmers proves his assertion by this quotation from Cardinal Manning :-" The appeal to antiquity is both a treason and a heresy. It is treason because it rejects the divine voice of the church at this hour ; it is heresy because it denies that voice to be divine." Read the following, taken from page 226, and any one can see how groundless is Dr. Chalmera' conclusion :-" This then is what I mean by the immutability of doctrines : They are identical in number and in kind. Their disc and circumference are now as they were when they were first traced in the minds of the Apostles by the light of the Spirit of God. They have come down to us through all ages and in the midst of all heresies, illuminating all intelligences and conforming them to the truth, but receiving no tarnish or soil from the human intellect. The doctrines of the church then are as unmixed as the light and undiminished in all the perfections of truth, which, like Jesus, * Is yesterday and to-day and the same for ever.' And from this a fourth truth immediately follows, that the doctrines of the chlurch in all ages are primitive. It was the charge of the Reformers that the Catholic doctrines were not primitive, and their pretension was to revert to antiquity. But the appeal to antiquity is both a treason and a heresy. It is a treason because it re jects the divine voice of the church at this hour, and a heresy because it denies that voice to be divine. How can we know what antiquity was except through the church ? No individual-no number of individuals can go back through eighteen hundred years to reach the doctrines of antiquity. We may say with the woman of Samaria-' Sir, the well is deep, and thou hast nothing to draw with.' No individual mind now has contact with the revelation qo Pentecost, except through the church. Historical evidence and biblical criticism are human after all, and amount at, most to no more than opinion, probability, human judgmentt, human tradition. It is not enough that the fountain of our faith be divine. It is necessary that the channel be divinely constituted and preserved. But in the soconi chapter we have seen that the church contains the fountains of faith in itself, and is not only the channel divinely created and sustained, bhut the very presence of the spring-hoed of the water of life, ever fresh and ever flowing in all ages of the world. I may say in strict truth that the church has no antiquity. It rests upon its own supernatural and perpetual consciousneoss. Its past is present with it, for both are one to a mind which is immu table. Primitive and modern are predicatas, not of truth, but of ourselves. The church is always primitive and always modern at one and the same time, and alone can expound its own mind, as an individual can declare his own thoughts. For what man knoweth the things of a man, but the spirit of a man that is in him So thebo things also that are of God no man knoweth but the spirit of God.' (i. Cor., cc, t11.) The only divine evidence to us of what was primitive is the witness and voice of the church at this hour.'" Cardinal Manning proved the perpetual infalli bility of the church in the 2nd chapter, and this cxtroet is one of his conclusions. Surely if one is a mombor of an infallible church hoe .can rest ecuroly and has no reason to inquire or ask questions. To do so the Cardinal properly calls treason and heresy. 1 am, yours faithfully, tW,. LANIGAN. 