SPORTING NEWS. . Judge Moleswoi-th, of Melbourne, says: "There is a great difference between a sportsman and a sporting man." True O ! J udge ! Death is the name of a jockey from Sydney, who is going to ride in steeplechases here. Sometimes these races prove sudden death. ( t i Snapshot went under to Lady Wellington, the redoubtable crack being easily beaten in the Final Handicap at Canning Park on Saturday. Jimmy Hayes, the Melbourne jockey j who was disqualified for some time for fou i riding by the Y.R.C., has been again cen- ' bUI ml uy wits stunt? VAIUV v/imniixuuee. Geraldton races take place on the 29tli April, Avhen a splendid programme will be gone through. There were over thirty race meetings held in Victoria. At one of them a fatal accident occurred, in which a boy named Ryan, who was riding in an hurdle race, was thrown and killed. At Kilmore, the same day, a jockey named J. Willet was severely injured, by his horse, Slanderer, falling in the Hurdle Race and rolling over . him. The horse was killed on the spot, j and the rider was badly hurt. Mr. Frank inkpmi, post and telegraph master at Beverley, and a football ou- i thusiast, broke his ankle while playing in a match between Beverley arid York, j The M.C.C. (A.) and the Perth C.C. met ' at Guildford on Saturday, to contest for ' the first-rate premiership. The M.C.C. I went in first, but heavy rain flooded the j wicket, and they went out with a total pf .1.29, The Perth C.C. lost two wickets fop ij'4. I > 0 Coil is greatly fancied for the Melbourne Derby. Rather early to > anticipate. Mr. A. Turnbull, the West Australian sportsman, has purchased > for 500 guineas the Enfilade— Hinno Mungie colt. The Fremantle Races on > Monday promise to be successful. The same has to be said . of York, where a > capital programme has I been arranged. Monastery, the well-known South Aus > tralian mare, has been landed in India. She is owned by that well-known > Armenian merchant and sportsman, Mr. J. A.- A. Apcar. Martin, the American > crack bicycle rider, and Parsons, the Victorian champion, showed a great > exhibition of riding at the St. Kilda Cricket Ground track. Although Martin > gained a point, there was not much difference between the men and the > racing. A luminous lady, bicyclist is the latest Parisian novelty. Rice- > powder, mixed with sulphate of zinc, dusted over a young lady, gives her a > luminous appearance, and she is a veritable lamp (or ghost) on a pitch dark > night. H. Doniian, the xSouth Sydney crack, Avas presented Avith a bat > before he left with tho Australian Eleven. While ad miring the inscription > on it, he said : " With this bat I hope to make some good scores in Old > England." Donnan is a native, but still speaks of " Old England." 