?Cnmitt %n$k& The recess recedes ; the session approaches. On June 11 the fifteenth South Australian Parliament will meet fpr the first time for the dispatch of public business, but the active talk of the session trill not begin till the following Tuesday, pn which day the Kingston Ministry will be exactly three years old. Whether the present administration will be in power when the session is over is a question which time alone will answer ; but at present the prospect of a change is not very bright from. an Opposi tion point of view. It is expected that the ladies galleries will be much better patronised during the coming session than heretofore, owing to the interest which adult suffrage has kindled in the mind of the fair sex. In the Council, where, by the way, theseating accom modation has been much improved, there will be no change in personnel, but the fact that the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin will supplant the Hon. J. H. Gordon as Government represen tativeissuretobenoticedforsometime, however skilfully the present Chief Secretary conducts Ministerial business. No doubt there will be more than one new face in the Council next year, for in April eight members retire by effluxion of time. The first business of the new House of Assembly will be to elect a. Speaker and Chairman of Committees, and it is not likely that balloting will be necessary in connection with either appointment, while the usual sessional committees will also be appointed. It is just possible that there will be considerable whipping in connection with the selection of .members to constitute the Court for the Trial of Disputed Returns. Con spicuous among the fresh features of the new House will be the presence at the officials' table of Mr. Alfred Searcy, who has recently been transferred from the position of Sub collector of Customs at Palmerston to that of clerk- assistant and sergeant-at-arins, and who is expected to arrive in Adelaide today. As Bergeaut-at-arras Mr. Searcy'a imposing presence should have a distinctly beneficial effect. Sir Richard Baker, President of the Legis lative Council, has declined the invitation of his Excellency the Governor to attend the Birthday dinner at Government House on May 25 because of his objection to the table of procedure as established by the Govern ment Gazette of February 28, 1895. This table places the President of the Legislative Council and the Speaker of the House of Assembly not only after the members of the Executive Council and of the Cabinet, but after ' ex-members of the Executive Council entitled to the prefix of ' Honorable' accord ing to the date of the notification of the right to use same.' All the judges, except the Chief Justice, come after the heads of the two Houses of Parliament. The matter has already occupied the attention of the Legislative Coun cil, which on July 31 last passed the follow ing motion, tabled by the Hon. J. L. Stirling: — 'That an address bo presented to his Excel lency the Lieutenant-Governor praying his Ex cellency to take the necessary steps to accord to the President (the official representative of this Council) that precedence which the impor tance and dignity of the Legislative Council requires.' Correspondence dealing with the question will be laid on the table of both Houses when Parliament meets. Sir Richard informs us that he has attended several Go vernment functions where the order of prece dence was arranged differently from the table published in the Gazette and where the Presi dent and the Speaker were placed immediately after the Ministers of the Crown. At the swearing in of his Excellency last year they were given precedence of all Ministers except the Premier. The President of the Legislative Council of Victoria claims that he should occupy the same position as regards precedence as the Lord Chancellor of England, who is President of the House of Lords and next after princes of the blood. The general secretary of the Agricultural Bureau has furnished us with the following extract from a recent address by Mr. B. M. Lelong, secretary of the State Board of Horticulture of California : — 'The remedy for codlin moth now universally used is Paris green of a high grade or pure state. # During the past two yoars enor mous quantites of Paris green have been sold to fruitgrowers, much of which was of very inferior quality. The results were equally as poor and many growers have thus become prejudiced against its use. Samples of Paris green have been examined with astonish ing results. Several samples, although nearly the same shade of color as pure Paris green, were found to be a mixture of Prussian blue and chrome yellow, clay, and chalk. Others were found to contain no arsenious acid.' The results of Mr. Quinn's enquiries, reported in yesterday's issue, show that growers here have tho same difficulty in getting pure or high grade Paris green and the many failures with the so-called Paris green during the past eeason were doubtless due to adulteration. \- It is a generally accepted truism that pre vention is better than cure, but the orchard is ts of South Australia having failed to prevent the introduction of the codlin moth and orange round scaie, must adopt the other alternative, and do their best to cure these existing evils. Attempts have been made during the past year or two to eradicate the codlin moth by eyraying the trees with Paris green, and pro hibiting the sale of infected fruit, but although this remedy had proved most efficacious in other parts of the world, singularly enough' the moth flourished in spite of repeated appli cations of Paris green in this colony. Naturally the Government, who had issued regulations compelling the spraying of trees, were baffled, the codlin moth inspector was baffled, and the Central Agricultural Bureau thought hard. Then it was discovered that something like 75 per cent, of the Paris freen used was adulterated and contained ut a small percentage of those constituents employed to destroy the pest. In the mean time, however, a numerously-signed petition had been drawn up by certain fruitgrowers in the colony asking the Government to . permit the sale of fruit affected with codlin moth and orange round scale for two years, bo as to prove first that there are^effectual remedies for these pests; This memorial was forwarded to the Central Agricultural Bureau, and brought forward at a meeting held on Wed nesday afternoon. The question was discussed at length, and subsequently it was unani mously agreed 'that we know true Paris green is n. remedy against codlin moth, that remedies have also been published and proved efficacious for the destruction of red scale, &a;, and therefore the bureau cannot recom mend any relaxation of the regulations.' A correspondent writes from Perth under date of May 16: — 'Mr. JohnMoule is here representing a syndicate who are proposing to construct a railway from Esperance Bay to the Norseman, and to erect a large crushing plant together with all the latest gold-saving ap pliances at the former jplace, so as to eco nomically treat the Noresman ores in the vicinity of an abundant water supply. Crush ing will be carried on for the general public, and it is probable that arrangements will be made for the purchase of ore at the mines, if required. Mr. Moule has interviewed i3ir John Forrest, and after visiting the Norseman field will definitely submit his proposals, which will then be laid before the Cabinet. It is not proposed to ask for any conces sions of land, except such as is necessary for the purpose of constructing the line, and the Government are to have the right of pur chase on a basis to be fixed before the agree ment is signed. There is no idea of construct ing a land grant line, or of preventing either the Government or private firms from running lines too should they so desire. But as the Government are not prepared at present to build the line and Mr. Moule's syndicate is, and as the matter is of such vital importance to all investors in the Norseman field, it is to be hoped that the West Australian Govern ment will encourage this plucky and public spirited undertaking.' ? Mr. C. H. Simson, . of North Adelaide, wantsthe Chamber of Manufactures to take the initiatory steps for the formation of a com mittee representing various local public insti tutions 'to devise a scheme for thp promotion of a national interest in and cultivation of de sign, to bring home to the manufac turers and to the public its vast importance as applied to the arts and indus tries of South Australia.' His suggestions on the matter were laid before tho committee of that body in a letter considered at a meeting on Monday afternoon. In making his sug gestions regarding what he termed 'the most important and neglected subject of design' Mr. Simson urged that 'the want of fitness and style brands the production vulgar, which is too often the dominant aspect of the Australian work,' and affirmed that 'immense quantities of imported trash, unsaleable in educated circles, are foisted upon the Australian markets owing to_ the utter ignorance that prevails regarding sound design.' He pointed out how carefully-cultivated skill in this direction had proved of enormous advan tage to Japan, and that Great Britain had rnado 'giantlike strides towards sound de sign.' 'In the chamber's last exhibition,' he said, 'although an advance upon the pre vious one, talent and valuable time were wasted on unworthy 'and frivolous ar ticles.' The writer finally expressed the opinion that it was only natural, considering its representative character, that the Chamber of Manufactures should take the lead in seek ing ' How to advance the arts of design.' The committee, however, decided to inform Mr. Simson that it would be better if the matter were brought forward by the School of Design or some institution of that character. ' George Dean remains in gaol,' writes the Sydney Daily 2'clejraph on Saturday, 'although his conviction for conspiracy with his solicitor, Meagher, to ' pervert the ends of justice' has been quashed on appeal. Dean's experiences in the Criminal Court are about the most sensational on record. In Deeming Australia had the doubtful honor of producing the capital criminal of the century. Dean comes as a good second in worldwide notoriety. First of all he was tried and sentenced to death for attempting to poison his wife. Grave doubts were cast upon his guilt, and on the report of a Royal Commission he was pardoned as an innocent man and re sumed liis place in the world. The community was racked with excitement over his case. Later came developments dazzling in their rapidity. Dean 'confessed,' Meagher ' confessed — there was an epidemic of ' con fessions' — and Dean was eventually sent to gaol for 14 years for perjury. A second sentence of five years imprisonment for making a false declaration was passed upon him, but that was concurrent with the first sentence. Then Meagher and Dean were arraigned for conspiracy to ' pervert the ends of justice,' and were convicted. Notice was given of appeal, which resulted yesterday in the conviction 'being quashed. Meagher is now at liberty and his bail discharged. Dean remains in gaol, serving his 14 years.' In the Southern Cross last week, the Arch bishop of Adelaide announces that from June 1, 1895, to March 31, 1896, he has received £2,815 15s. 7d. towards the liquidation of the archdiocesan liabilities. The amounts col lected in the various districts were : — Ade- laide, £1,872 18s. Id. ; North Adelaide district, £1GO; Brpmpton district, £44 8s. 6d. ; The barton district, £30 5s. ; Port Adelaide dis trict, £30; Norwood, £190 Is.; Goodwood district, £91 ; Glenelg district, £200; Kapunda district, £50 ; Kadina district, £o ; Mount Barker district, £20; Gawier district, £12; Narracoorte district, £5; Mount Gambier district, £70 ; extra diocesan, £55 5s. Grand total, £2,815 17s. 7d. The sum of £1,736 17s. 6d. has been received for the sale of land and rent, and this brings tho gross total up to £4,552 15s. Id. for nine months. The cen tralised debt has decreased to the extent of £2,515 Is. 5d. Bince March 31, 1895, and the archdiocesan properties had in March this year £0,000 less of debt to answer for than they had in the same month of the previous year. ' On Thursday evening several gentlemen, strangers to each other, entered one of the compartments of the Adelaide express at North Geelong. and after the 'train had started,' Btates the BaUarat Courier, 'one of them drew attention to the fact that it was a 'non Bmoker,' and observed that a olergyman, who eat quietly in one of the corners, might object to the use' of tobacco. 'But,' added the speaker, 'he probably would not object to them having a drink.1 He thereupon produced a flask and asked his companions to sample the quality of the whisky. Two or three of them did so, one or two declined, and the clergyman held out his hand as if desirous of a friendly sip. But to the astonishment of the rest he flung thaflask through the open window, awl resumed his seat with aBmile and amost provokingly contented look. When the train reached the Moorabobl viaduct the late owner of the flask suddenly seized the gold rimmed spectacles which rested aorose the nose of (lie reverend gentleman and threw them to the bottom of the gully, observing, 'The whisky cost me nothing, out it will cost you something to replace your spectacles.' A silence fell upon the whole compartment and everyone retired within bis own thoughts. Somewhere in the neighborhood of Lethbridge, so the story goes, the train slowed down some what and the occupants of the carriage engaged in conversation, the excitement of the incident of a few minutes before having sub sided. But one of them happening to turn round, to his unutterable surprise, not to say horror, found that the clergyman had disap peared. Who he was, or how he left the train, they don't pretend to know, though one, of them sagely believes that he went to look after his spectacles.' 'The largest casting ever made in the colony was successfully performed at the engineering works of Messrs. Hawke & Co., Kapunda, on Monday evening,' writes the Kapunda Herald of $layl5. 'Tho casting was a belt wheel for the British mine at Broken Hill. The pulley, which is to go on a 9|-in. ehaft, is 12 ft. in diameter, 2 ft. 10 in. on the face, and 2J in. on the rim. The weight of the wheel is 5 tons 10 cwt., and about 7 tons of metal was used. The molten metal was run from the furnaces into two large ladles, one holding about 4 tons and the other 3, which were carried into the necessary position for pouring by cranes. There were several gentlemen present, in cluding Mr. H. B. Hawke (the original proprietor of the foundry), who was quite jubilant over the successful manner in which the heavy casting was carried out. Messrs. Hawke & Co. are to be congratulated on the enterprise they have shown in enlarging their works, enabling them to undertake work of such unusual proportions.' 'One night last week,' writes the Mount Barker Courier of Friday, ' while wending bis way from Woodside to his country seat, a local poet, who has had the honor of having a jubilee ode acknowledged by the Queen, was astounded to behold a vision in white aproach ing him from the Wesleyan Cemetery. As it drew uncomfortably near he made frantic dashe3 at the figure with his stick, all of which seemed to pass, as it were, into nothingness. Next came the ' sepulchral tone' business, but just then the ghost collapsed, having inadver tently hovered too near a deep gutter, and a sheet rolled off, disclosing something decidedly human. The poet sprang forward like a tiger and got two or three good blows in, while the ghost, snatching up his raiment, incontinently fled. The most distressing part of the occur rence is that it will form a new theme on which to ' build' another poem.' A deficiency of over £150 has been dis covered in the accounts of Mr. G. B. Chapman, the treasurer of tho Garfield 'Lodge, I.O.O.F. Criminal proceedings have been instituted. Mr. A. L. Pybus, who has opened a class for French instruction at 200, Halifax-street, asks us to notify that his circulars can be obtained from Messrs. Cawthorne & Co., Gawler-place. Mrs. George Brookman has subscribed the sum of 100 guineas to tho funds for the erec tion of isolation wards at the Adelaide Children's Hospital. This donation carries with it the privileges of a life governorship. The large circle of parishioners and friends of the Rev. W. S. Hopcroft, rector of St. John's, will be pleased to learn that the reverend gentleman is rapidly recovering from the indisposition which has confined him to his house for some days. Horseflesh seems to be cheap at St. Peters. At the meeting of the Payneham District Council on May 14 the poundkeeper of St. Peters asked -that body to reimburse him in the sum of £1 15s. Gd., the cost of feeding two horses impounded from the Payneham district, one of which had to be destroyed and the other sold for Cd. ! The treasurer of the fund for the relief of the relatives of the young men ^killed in the recent railway accident at Dry Creek has re ceived up to the present the sum of £73 9s. from various sources. This total includes £34 17s. handed over by the secretary of the benefit entertainment conducted in connection with the Vaudeville Variety Company, and £12 raised by an entertainment given by the Isabel Somerset Sunbeam Society. The quarterly committee meeting of this society was held in the nurse's office, Pirie street, on May 13. The nurse's report showed that 62 patients had been attended, and that 529 visits had been paid. The sufferings of the afflicted had been greatly mitigated by the many thoughtful gifts of numerous friends. The committee gratefully acknowledge and appreciate these helps, which included warm clothing, fruit, jelly, cakes, eggs, old linen, &c.; Comforts had also been received from the Sick Poor Fund per Mrs. Fuller and Mr. Crase. The details of the work of the quarter satisfactorily prove that the sister's ministra tions continue to be a great boon to the dis tressed and afflicted who come under her care. Tlie treasurer (Mrs. Bonython) reported having received £12 7s. 4d. as part proceeds of the Rev. G. E. Rowe's lecture on the ' Golden West,' also £10 from the Pirie-street church charities' sale. _ Mrs. Casely's name was added to the committee. We have received a copy of the congress number of the Australasian Schoolmaster, which contains a full account of the proceedings of the second annual congress of State school teachers recently held at Ballarat under the auspices of the btate School Teachers' Union of Victoria. In addition to furnishing ex tended reports of the interesting papers on educational subjects presented by various members of the congress, the Schoolmaster con tains an excellent picture of the City Hall, Ballarat, in which the meetings were held, and also gives a series of counterfeit presentments of the most prominent persons present, headed by the Hon. A. J. Peacock, M.L. A., the Vic torian Minister of Public Instruction, who occupied the chair. The photographs are capitally reproduced, among those thus honored being Mr. J. A. Hartley, B.A.,B.So.. who contributed an interesting address on ''State Schools and State School Teachers;' Mr. J. A. Kennedy, head master of the Glenelg State School, who read an instructive paper on ' School Decoration in South Australia-;' Mr. T. W. Cole, of the Kingston State Sohool, who spoke on 'Manual Work in Public Schools;' and Mr. C. A. Wittber, of the Rose Park School, who gave a short paper on 'Phonio Reading.' The congress number of the Schoolmaster is excellently printed and illustrated, and constitutes a valuable record of 'an important oocasion. 