THE SEPARATION LEAGUE. A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Separation League was held on Tuesday evening in the office of Mr. G. S. Curtis, Denham-street. In accordance with the invariable practice of the Committee the press was excluded from the meeting. The Secretary supplies the following report of the proceedings : - There were present :-Messrs. (G. S. Curtis, M.L.A. (Chairman), J. C. Browne, T Kelly, R. Forward, W. Allen, H. Fiddes, J. Fair- bairn, N. Williams, P. J McLaughlin, and W. W. Littler APOLOGIES FOR ABSENCE Captain M. S. Rundle wrote apologising for his non-attendence. He understood the Chairman intended to address the meeting relative to Mr. Kidston's referendum motion, and wished to say that he considered Mr. Kidston's action injudicious and mischievous, and that the action taken by Mr. Curtis was in every way right. Mr. t'urtis deserved the thanks and support of the Committee mid of the people of Northern end Cent>al Queens- land. Messrs. St. J. Harding and A. Thozet also wrote regretting they could not attend. Both gentlemen expressed thc opinion that Mr. Kidston was in every way wrong, und Mr. Curtis in every way right MK. KIDSTON'S MOTION. The CHAIRMAN said he had considered it his duty to call them together for thc purpose of addressing them briefly upon the subject of Mr. Kidston's motion in the Legislative Assembly, and more especially in respect to the vote upon the motion. Not a single Central member outside the Labour pan y was con- sulted by Mr. Kidston in reference to thal motion, and lie did not think any North rn members outside the l/almur party was eon sultcd either, which lie thought WHS a great oversight for obvious reasons Why they were ignored by Mr. Kidston he Hid not know. With n gard to the effect of the mo ion, it. was manifest that it could only be prejudi- cial. Thc effect of the proposition and the vote eo far BB Separation was con- cerned was this: It showed that tho representatives of a maj rity of the Cen- tral constituencies were in doubt as to whether the people of Central Queensland were io favour of Separation or no', and that as they were in doubt they desired to take a vote of tho people lo find out. This discredited to a great extent all that had been done, and the representations that had been made to the Home Government, as to the wishes and the unanimity of the people, and placed a weapon in the hinds of the Queensland Government which could and probably would, lie used with do. macing effect tn any report that they might make to the Home Government upon the question Hie Governor, too, might consider it his duty to to point out what had transpired in any confi- dential or other report that he might send. He (Mr. Curtis) protested against the sugges- tion thst the Southern people should be per- mitted to voto on the question. He knew well what the result would be. Besides, the very proposal itself was an admission that the South had a right to say whether they were -entitled to sell-Government or not, and the proposal was the more extraordinary in view of the recent distinct rec gnition of their right by Slr Hugh Nelson, thc Premier i.f the Colony, in his speech when moving the second reading of the Federal Enabling Bill. Where was the neoessity for any eferendum, when the head of the Government of the colony recognised that they wanted Separation and that their aspirations and legitimate rights should be realised ? He (Mr. IJurtiB) pointed out that the only people who could speak' for Central Queensland were the pe pie of Central Queensland, and that if the people of Port Philp and Moreton Bay had been forced to obtain the consent of the people of New South Wales to the Separation of those distrcts that the colonies of Victoria and Queensland would not have been in existence at the present time, but would be a part of New South Wales and governed from Sydney. Mr. Kidston expressed his willingness to let the Southern people also vote on the question, hut at the same time, referring to Mr. Chamberlain's opinion that he thought the question was one to be settled bv local agree- ment, said that "it was very much the same aa if a sheep appealed for protection against the butcher, end was told* that the butcher would have to agree, before yon could Interfere." Mr. Kidston Bald he was perfectly prepared to let the Southern people vote on the question, und that he was quite persuaded the Southern people would give a just and impartial vote. In his case the South stood in the position of ihe butcher, yet Mr. Kidston was willing that the butcher should be consulted before anything was done. He thought it would be advisable for the committee to place on record their conviction that there was no necessity for any referendum ; ft may in some degree neutralise the effect of the recent vote. It was a duty they owed to the petitioners that such a denial and protest should be placed on record, and he should be glad to have an expression of opinion from the com- mittee on the subj -ct. The proposition that tho people of the South should be consulte j or allowed to vote would be tantamount to saying that if a poll were taken of the local opllonlsts in Rockhampton to say whether the clauses of the act should be put in force or not, the people of Brisbane should also be consulted in the matter before anything could be done. Such a motion as Mr. Kidston's might very easily prove to bo a two edged weapon. If there had been any probability of this motion being carried the Southern members, he was afterwards informed, hud decided to propose an amendment to the effect that three questions should be put to the people of the whole colony : First, whether the colony should remain one undivided colony ! second, whether it should be formed into two colonies ? third, whether it should bo formed into thrco colonies? I felt almost certain that with the South voting tho poll would have resulted in un enormous majority in favour of a twofold division of the colony, and although that in itse'f would not settle tho question, thc moral effect of such a vote would be veiy prejudicial to tbs cause of Central Separation. One of the Southern members subsequently showed him an amendment such as he mentioned, which he had drafted and proposed to move, had there seemed any probability of Mr. Kidston's motion being carried. The South was in the position of a defendant in a suite, and should be disqualified from becoming a judge. They were the plaintiffs claiming to have their cause tried. The Imperial Government were not judges, but simply administrators bound to carry out thc law. The Imperial Parliament was thc Court of Appeal to whom they could apply for relief. That he conceived to be the correct position. In conclu don he might say that last year he refused to bring forward a similar motion as that of Mr. Kidston's for the reasons stated by him in the House. He disapproved of it lHst year, and as he still did so he acted consistently in opposing it, and in the best interests of Separation. Mr. FATUDATIIK said he considered the Chairman's action with regard to Mr. Kid sron's motion relative to the referendum was perfectly right, and he was sure it was in perfect accordance with the opinions enter- tained by tho members of tho Kxecutive, and all who were true SopsrationisU. Mr. Curtis should bo thanked and congratulated in the heartiest manner for the manner in which he had dealt with a matter of such vital impor- tance. He had made his position perfectly clesr, and his action Was deserving of their strong and united support. There was no doubt that Mr. Kidston had acted in an improper.and ho would add in an underhanded, manner. His notion was entirely uncalled for, and was most injudicious at tho present time. He had no right whatever to take the steps he did without first consulting Mr. Cartis and ihe Executive of the League, and without their approval. Mr. Kidston's motion was not a question of Separation or on Separation, but of the referendum and nothing else. Mr. KldBton said he was willing that thc South should bc permitted to vote on thc question as well UB the North and thc Centre, which appeared to be very much os if he were ni opt red to give tho League and the whole cuse away. Mr. Kidston s illustration of thc slioep appealing for protection from the butcher was opposite. But it was ridiculous for him to say afterwards that he was willing to lot thc .Southern people vole on the ques- tion, they being in the CABC before them in the position of lim butcher. That was con- tradictory. The proceeding was calculated tn do great mischief and could do no good. He considered Mr. Kidston deserved the censure of Separationists and his constituents. Mr. Fairbairn, in conclusion, said ho would move -"That we, the members of the Execu- tive Committee, on behalf of the Ccntrul Queensland Separation LoHgue, hereby pince on recird our conviction that thc motion moved by Mr. Kidston in the Queensland AFSemlily wus quite unnecessary and uncalled for, and rccret ho was so ill-advised as to bring it for«md, calculated us it is to cns I a serious doubt upon our petitions anil frequent representadnos lo the Imperial t>ovcrnmcnt. We further desire to express out entire approval of the action of our Chair- man, Mr. Curtis, in opposing the motion." Mr. ALLEN said he considered it was unwise for Mr. Kidston tn have brought forward any such motion as he did, without Consulting Mr. Curtis and the othei Central members. It exhibited a lack of courtesy on his part to ignore him and them in thc manner lie did. He (Mr. Allen) wrote to Mr. Kidston stating that he considered it was not at all likely thc Government would consent ; lhere was not a ghost of a chance of the motion being carried. Ho remembered that during thu last session the Executive Committee met to discuss the queatson nf s referendum, and it was then considered not ad- visable to recognise the necessity for any such thing. He was averse to Mr. Kidston's motion. Hr. Kidston was, ho repeated, wroug in not having consulted his colleagues. Whether he was first or second member it waB his dury to have done so. It was un- becoming of him to attempt, to make himself leader of the Separation movement without authority. Mr. WILLIAMS said they must not expect too much from Mr. Kidston, but, they were quite entitled to say what they hod said about him. For his p*rt they strongly ohjectcd to the action of Mr. Kidston, although at the same time he begged to say thal he was not ut all surprised at anything ht did In con- nection willi Separation, lt could not be considered uncharitable to say that every time the Separation question was mooted. Mr. Kidston had posed as being most zealous in endeavouring to arrest the movement, and to lift himself into being the leader in order to show what he could do. With their past experience of what Mr. Kidston had done it was not difficult to suggest what he would do if he could in the future. His efforts to take thc Separation leadership out of the hands of Mr. Curtis-who was without doubt the ablest man connected wi.li the movement, who knew more about it than all of them put together, who had been the life and spirit of it-were presumptuous. Mr. Kidston had gone so far ai to say that it required him to take the helm, and to take charge of Separation. This evidenced one of the peculi>r charac- teristics of that gentleman. When the proposed referendum was brought nnder thu notice of the Executive by Mr. Curtis towards the close of lost Parliament, the opinion was expressed that anything of the kind was perfectly unnecessary so far as Central Queensland was concerned, as they bad full and sufficient evidence to show thc perfect unanimity of the people upon the subject. For Mr. Kidston to bring forward such a moti n without consulting Mr. Curtis was an act of the grossest discourtesy; but he (Mr. Williams) was not surprised. Mr. Kidston appeared to be nnder the delusion that if he took the thing in hand Mr. Curtis must follow him. Mr. Curtis had done well. Ho was not afraid to do what he considered to be right. He, in a few words, did his duty, and it was to be hoped that the Rockhampton press and the Rockhampton people would do him full justice. Mr, KELLT said he might be doing Mr. Kidston an injuitice, but on former occasions Mr. Kidston had fully shown he was not to be trusted on the question of Separation. This opinion was confirmed by the action he took with regard to his referendum motion upon his own authority. After thc work thal Mr. tunis had done for Separation, Mr. Kidston bad no right whatever to bring forward such a motion without consulting bim and the other Central members outside the Labour party. It was most unbecoming of him to come to the front and endeavour to create himself the leader of Separation, a position to which he could not lay the shadow of a claim, as he had not proved in the slightest degree that he had done anything to help Separation. On the contrary, that he had done very much to prevent it. Mr. FIDDES said he supported the motion, but as he opposed Mr. Kidston at the late election, anything that he might say ngainBt him might by some be considered invidious. Ho heartily supported the motion, and thoroughly approved of the action taken by Mr. Curtis in Parliament. Had he taken any other course he would have stultified himself, and all that had been done by the Leauge, of which he was tho recognised loader. He could safely say that Mr. Kidston's motion was exceedingly indiscreet, ill-timed, and not in any way necessary. I was glad to hear Mr. Allen speak in the way be did. It was, he thought, certain that he action of Mr. Cartis would meet with the warm approval of the committee and tile community. Mr. BOBEBAU said he wished to exprese h ia strong disapproval of Mr. Kidston's action in bringing his referendum motion forward in the manner he did without consulting Mr. Curtis or his colleagues, or his constituents, ft was unwise and precipitate, and should not have been done nt all, if necessary, except by Mr. Curtis, who was thc recognised leader of the Separation movement in Central Queensland. The motion was most pre- judicial 'o tho Soparation CSUBO, and a great injustice to those who supported Mr. Kidston during the late election He felt it his duty to express himself in that manner as ho was conscious that Mr. Kidston was wrong in bringing forward a motion of such n character. The motion was then put and carried. Tho meeting concluded by the CHAIRMAN warmly thanking the members present for th.B kind manner in which they supported him, and acknowledged his efforts on behalf of Separation. MUDDY, GREASY COMPLEXIONS are caused by an undue activity of numberless little tubes in the face, which nour upon the surface an cxoessive amount of an oily fluid which renders the skin greasy and shiny. If these tubes and pores become clogged, black- heads, pimples and other blemishes follow, the skin becomes rough, cracked or scaly, or else yellow, mothy or greasy. The only preventive is CDTIOOBA SOAP, which is the natural solvent for the matter that obstructs the pores of the skin, as well os the most effeotive skin purifier and beautifier in the world.-ADVT. Furniture and Furnishings. We are showing some very cboioo lines in Upholstered Suites, Redmont and Dining Room Furniture, Novelties in Rumbero Furniture, which aro all the rage in the Southern Colonies, Bamboo and Cane Chairs with upholstered seats. New lines in Art Muslins, Tapestries, and Kilke for draping purposes, New Linoleums, New Mattings, New Carpets, etc., etc. JAMES STEWART AND CO.-ADVT. 