THE LOTH OF JUNE GHOST There is a municipal ghost that stalks through the municipalities each year on the 10th of June. Unlike the theatre "ghost” this one always walks when its time comes. The lackless householder or property occupier who cannot by that date perform the necessary orisons at the shrine of the municipal ghost is a municipal pariah, an outcast, an execrable one, a detrimental—he is municipally ex communicated for the ensuing twelve months. He is outlawed so far as local government is concerned. He forfeits the right to vote for or against the men who are to have the privilege of ordering the municipality’s roads and bridges and other improvements, as also the right of protesting against those public spirit killing walkovers' which are a sign of dry rot, or other species of enervating canker having fastened on the. body politic. Originally in this colony the ratepayer who could not or would not or simply did not pay his rates by the 10th of Jane used to be disfranchised both for the municipality and for Parliament. That, however, was such a manifest piece of tyranny that it was altered a good many years ago—payment of rates by a certain date ceasing to have any connec tion with the compilation of tho Parlia mentary roll. But the 10th of June is still retained as a bugbear against the municipal voter. One purpose that it serves, and which probably causes it in certain quarters to be regarded as a specially valuable enactment, is that it largely prevents the poorer classes of rate payers from effectively exercising a voice in the management of the municipality. In one of the wards of Bendigo—in only one ward—we were told that last year there were a thousand disfranchised rate payers. As those persons were nearly all of the same class it was consequently quite useless their looking around for a man to represent them. The same thing obtains all over the colony. From the Ballarat Courier we learn, for instance, that £4000 of the city rates were out- lying after the 10th of June. It is, of course, an, undoubted fact that the 10th of June is not altogether a mali gnant ghost. It helps the municipal officers very considerably in the work of collection. By analogy, say, with mining companies, it can be pleaded that the man whose rates are overdue should not have a voto, any more than he whose calls are overdue. But the oases are not identical. The rates are a fixed charge on the property. The rates cannot be separated from the property, whereas the overdue calls can bo wiped off by simply throw ing the shares on to the company. The rates will have to be paid some time or other daring the year; the mining call need not be paid at all. In one case pay ment is optional; in the other it is mandatory. When, therefore, the rates will have to be paid, will have to be scraped together somehow by the poor and perhaps unfortunate ratepayers, why rub their poverty or misfortunes deeper into them forfeiting their right to a vote for the munioipfthcipality? It is a piece of municipal and official Philistinism - an exhibition of that principle which unfor- tunately seems to be an attribute alike of human and brute nature— the enjoyment that the strong find in oppressing the weak. It is the same spirit that cause a colony of rats to bite and rend a wounded brother till he dies, or the stags to turn on a wounded mate and gore it and trample it to death. It is one of our "unconscious equation,'' a survival of our original animalism in many other wise well developed and excellent natures. But besides municipal debts on property being non-transferrable, the municipality may if it choose charge 8 per cent. per annum on unpaid rates. If this power were put into operation it should give the rate collector all the assistance that he can reasonably desire. Besides this he will also have the court as a last resource Mr. MacGregor, one of the Ballarat mem bers, has convinced a majority of the Legislative Assembly that disfranchise ment of the ratepayer is an unnecessarily severe penalty. A bill to remove such disability has been passed through all its stages in that chamber and will shortly come before the Upper House. This is just one of those measures which the Upper House usually rejects. But the Upper House got a small fright lately on the Factories Bill, and a popular election for the Legislative Assembly is in the early future, (Things have so worked around that the Upper House having ceased to be an elective chamber, has no electors of its own to be afraid of. It has, however, to keep a wary and polite eye on the electors of the other chamber, for those electors have it in their power to say whether there shall be an Upper House at all.) The Upper House is at present on specially good behavior; so good indeed that it picks a bone with the Goths of the Melbourne City Council in defence of the unfortunate flower seller boys, whom, in the interests of a few shop keepers, the Goths are straining the law so as to harry and persecute the little lads for endeavoring to earn a living. As long as the Upper House keeps in this temper there is a good deal of hope for the passage of a bill like this little one of Mr. MacGregor's. How long it will remain in its present open and amiable and reasonable frame of mind we know not, but, to give them their due, there does seem to be a genuine desire on the part of many of the Upper House members to prove to the country that they are not the House of Philistines that they ore sometimes credited with being. Hence it will not be very astonishing if the Legis lative Council helps the Ballarat MacGregor to lay the 10th of June ghost, and that too in spite of protesting shrieks from a hundred or so of municipalities. When the Upper House begins to take up these "higher politics” of which the Age says it has no conception, it cannot afford to be pulled back again into its old groove by municipal councillors and rate collectors. tors. EAGLEHAWK and other items will be found on our first page this morning. Fourth PAGE.—The following additional reading matter will he found on our fourth pago this morning;—Mining and Notes. OUR SUPPLEMENT to-day contains the con tinuation of the tale “ The Serf Lovers of Siberia," "At the Beehive,” by “Mosquito ; Sporting Notes by “ Coo-ee;” Football Notes by “ Vet” ; Cycling Notes by “ Tangent”; Chess Notes by “Gambit”; Children’s Column; Agricultural Notes; and a variety of useful and entertaining reading matter. TO-DAY'S EVENTS.—Meeting Derby Cours ing Club; meeting Sandhurst Commons managers, 2 p.m. ; Bt. Andrew's bazaar and competitive exhibition, Town Hall, 2 and 6.30 p.m.; evangelistic mission- open- air meeting, Post Office, 7.30 p.m.; Miss Maggie Moore, Theatre, 8 p.m. ; meeting Enginedrivers, 8 p.m ; Camellia assembly, 8 p.m. Football: Epsom v. Sebastian, for O’Neill trophy, at North Bendigo. ' - Forfeited shares in the Delbridge’s Freehold, South Prince of Wales Consols, Piincoss Alice, South Catherine, New North Princess of Wales, North Moon, Bendigo Golden Star Princess Alexandra, South Sparrowhawk, New Londonderry, Bendigo and Coolgardie, United Ulster and Central Comet companies will be sold by public auction to-day. Religious services will be held to-morrow in the various churches as advertised. TROUBLE OVER FREE INSURANCE COUPONS. —A dispute between the Australian Free Insurance Association and Mr. D. Murdoch,, baker, of Eaglehawk, will furnish an interest ing case for next week’s County Court. Mr. A. A. Brodzeak, who trades under the name of the Australian Free Insurance Association, tries to recover from Mr. Murdoch the sum of £15, alleged to be due under con tract. The plaintiff alleges that in June last the defendant contracted with him for the purchase of a number of free insur ance coupons, which entitle the holder to a certain amount of compensation on death or disablement by accident. The amount in dispute is said to be the first instalment pay able on the tender of the coupons, and alter natively the plaintiff claims £99 08 damages for breach of contract. Mr. B. W. T. Ellis butcher, of High street, is also defendant in a similar action for £20 12s 63. Messrs. Quick and Hyett appear for defendants in both cases. ACTION FOR DAMAGES —An action for damages arising out of the fatal accident which occurred at the California Gully Me- chanics Institute in September last year, will be held in the County Court next week. On September 2, 1895, it will be remembered, Messrs. Reeves and Sons, contractors, were engaged erecting a flag pole at the Mechanics’ Institute, and a young man named Odgers went to the assistance of the men employed. During the operations the pole fell, striking young Odgers and inflicting such injuries as to cause death. Mr. and Mrs. Miller. (step- father and mother of the deceased claim £200 consequent on his death. The case is to be heard before a jury. Mr Sewell appears for the plaintiffs, and Messrs. Quick and Hyett for the defendants. CONGRATULATING THE MAYOR.—The mayor (Cr. 'Marks), for the first time yesterday took his seat on the bench at the City Police Court. At the conclusion of the court pro ceedings, Mr. Crowley took the opportunity of congratulating the mayor on the honorable position to which he had attained. He trusted that the relations between the bench and the bar would continue to be harmonious and friendly. He was sure that if Mr. Macks acted as well in the capacity of a magistrate as he had done as a councillor he would make a capable and reliable justice of the peace. Mr. Davis, the only other magistrate present on the bench endorsed Mr. Crowley’s remarks. He, too, felt assured that if the mayor carried out his duties as a magistrate as capably as be had done in other capacities, he would be an acquisition to the bench. The mayor acknowledged the complimentary remarks ;in a few words. He only trusted that the good opinion of him would be realised. EXCISION FROM A WATER TRUST. Yester- day the Minister of Water Supply was asked by Messrs. Williamson and Thompson on behalf of a number of other persons to excise certain lands from the Macorna North Trust. Mr. Foster, however, replied thaat such a pro- posal could only be considered when made on the initiative of the trust. If that body liked to make the application he would consider it. THE RAYWOOD COUNCIL.—An election for one councillor will be held on the 19th inst. to fill the vacancy caused by want of nomina- tion for the seat of Cr. J. Waugh at the recent annual election. Thursday, the 10th inst., is nomination day. SERIOUS TROUBLE OVER A RAILWAY TICKET— Qur correspondent tele graphs:—Robert Bailey, a horse trainer, and Richard Webster, a groom, were arrested yes- terday Ballarat charged with perjury in conjunction with the jockey, Godrge Corbett, who was arrested in Bendigo the day before in connection with the same affair. The al leged perjury was committed in a case heard at Clunes in July last when Corbett was prosecuted for travelling in a railway train without a ticket. The three mennthen gave evidence in support of an albi, swearing that Corbett was in Ballarat in their company at -the Miners' Turf Club Races on May 29, the date of the offence. BOYCOTTING AT KERANG. -Six of the mem- bers of the Kerang (Swan Hill) Shire Coun- cil, that is, a majority, have decided to boy- cott the Kerang Times for speaking too freely on various municipal, mercantile, legal, poli- tical, social and sectarian matters. No prlnt ing or advertising are to be given to the paper. The voting for the boycotting motion was Crs. McDonald, O’Donnoell, Westblade, Cu1Ien, Tracey and Hogan. Against - Crs- Cur- lett, Dunstan, McLennan. McKay and Moore. Tbe Kerang Times, however, intends to sur- vive and instead of apologising it replies with a oolumn or two reiterating some of its for- mer observations, especially some concerning the suppression of certain auditors' reports. Incidentally, on the "drinking customs" of the council it observes —'“According to the pre- sident's statement during the past year £58 4s 6d of the hard-earned of the rate- payers has been fooled away on useless depu- tations to town; £10 18s was wasted on the absurd ceremony of- christening a new tram engine needlessly purchased as great expense and £38 16s was spent on grog. Much more money wasted in liquor than was given in the holy cause of charity! As Cr. McLennan put it, "The cost of liquid refreshments amounted to a bottle of whisky per councillor per meet- ing." And in the face of this the Lush and Boodle ring was highly indignant that the western ratepayers, dispairing of reform, are determinedly agitating for severance." APPEAL AGAINST A MAINTENANCE ORDER. —Thos. O’Toole, of Wcdderburn, will apply to the court of General Sessions to be held in Bendigo next week, to have the order made in a maintenance case in which Ada Ellen Edwards was complainant, set aside. The order was made in the police court at Wed- derburn on June 3. The case was adjourned from the last court of General Sessions to enable the respondent to secure a necessary witness. Messrs. Crabbe, Cohen and Kirby, instructed by Mr. H. E Horan, of Inglewood, appear for the appellant, and Messrs. Quick and Hyott for the respondent. IMPORTS OF EXPLOSIVES -Last year the imporiation to Victoria of gelatine dynamite increased 13 per cent compared with the year before, which, on the other hand, showed a decrease of 63 per cent, on the preceding year (1893). In 1894 the blasting gelatine imported had decreased 56 per cent, but in 1895 it rose 48 per cent, on the 1894 importa tion. Dynamite had declined 54 per cent, in 1894, but in 1895 the importation was over 100 per cent. more than in 1894. There was a decline of 60 per cent. in sporting powder in 1894, but in 1895; it increased 40 per cent. Blasting powder had risen 23 per cent. in 1894, but now declined 29 per cent. The net result of those fluctuations is that the impor- tation is still considerably below that of 1893, except in dynamite, which is a few thousand pounds more; but even in this instance the quantity imported is only one-tenth of that brought into the colony in 1888. A VISITOR FROM CUE -Mr. William Chalmers, formerly of Happy Valley, is on a visit to Bendigo, chiefly for the purpose of seeing his brother, who is slowly recovering from a serious illness. Mr. Chalmers, who has been absent from Bendigo for many years looks well and healthy. He brought with him from Cue (Murchison district) some samples of a peculiar looking kind of ore, which they recently struck there in a gold mine, the pro perty of himself and mate. An assay was made for him by Mr. Purdie, of the Bendigo School of Mines, and the result was somewhat surprising—lead, 50 per cent; silver, 4.5oz per ton; and gold 5.5 oz per ton. The reef from which the sample was taken is described by Mr. Chalmers as being different in appear ance to any yet struck at Cue. It was taken from under tbe water level, is 8ft wide, end going down strong, It paid very well down to water level, but they expect it to pay better as they get deeper on it. Unlike most Aus- tralian "shows", the owners are not desirous of floating it. ENGINEER GORTZ says that in all he gave to Senior Engine-driver Carroll, at the Post Post. £20. He called them presents. Mr. Maxwell termed them “presents or bribes," MR. JAMES BAGGE,- Acting Secretary of Education, who has shown great capacity as an administrator, will be appointed-probably at an early date—Secretary of the department. THE JUVENILE EXHIBITION.—The usual meeting of the executive was held last even ing. There was a large attendance. A large amount of correspondence was received and dealt with including several, enquiries, and promises very encouraging for the success of the exhibition. Reports were received that tbe Trades’ and Labor Council declined to substitute for an essay on “Trades’ Unionism" a prize for an ode on the opening of the ex hibition. The officers reported the formation of a ladies’ committee, which they felt assured would bo of very good help towards success, a strong desire being expressed to see a good many of the minors’ wives and daughters take part in it. It was decided to write to the Railway department, calling particular atten tion to the fact that the committee wished excursion trains to be run at special, not ordinary holiday fares, and that the members for the city, Eaglehawk, South Sandhurst and Mandurang be asked to obtain trains on the same terms as they were run to Ballarat. It was decided that the final appointment of judges be mode at the next mooting. In the meantime the ladies will be asked to nominate judges to act in Classes 9, 11, 12 and 14. _ A HANDSOME TROPHY is now on view in the window of one of our local tradesmen’s business premises and in connection with the forthcoming point to point steeplechase. As illustrating the spirit of emulation existing in the breasts of the local steeple chaseriders we may mention that a well known knight of the hammer who is taking a prominent part in the approaching production of the sensational drama, “The Flying Scud,” while on the stage of the Royal Princess Theatre rehearsing the “ business” of the Derby scene—which by the way promises to be most realistic and enter taining—thinking the opportunity a favorable one for practice rode his thoroughbred at the water jump which forms a special feature of the scene. The horse cleared the obstacle but the actor did not. Whether he forgot to put his foot into the stirrup or was waiting for the prompter to give him the cue has not transpired. He was heard afterwards to say in explanation that the "bike" was more in his line. The singular part of the “turn" was that although vociferously encored the actor declined to repeat the performance. (We can quite believe it, as we are told that the horse was 16 hands high.) It may, however, be safely predicted that the whole entertainment will be a pronounced a success, and that the Derby scene will not be the realistic part of the representation. EVANGELISTIC MISSION—There was a good attendance at the united services in the ANA Hall last evening, and a deep interest * * V- .all last evening, and a deep, interest was evidenced in the addresses delivered by the Revs. N. Jones, W. J. Bray and R. Ditterich. An open-air service will be conducted this evening in the Mall at 7.30 o'clock by the Revs. H. Pattinson and- R. Ditterich. The midday prayer meeting in the A.N.A. Hall will be conducted by the Rev. J. T. Kearns. Tbe mission will be continued next week in the Temperance Hall, where the midday prayer meeting will be held on Monday. A. N.A. ENTERAINMENTS. — A “pound night" is to be held on the 16th inst., instead of as previously arranged. A singing com- petition for male, amateurs takes place on the 30th. The competitive songs chosen wore “Only once more” by Noir" (for tenors) and “ Wrecker’s Light,” by Barnard (for bari tones). Trophies valued at two guineas will be given for each. ST. ANDREW'S BAZAAR.—The third night of the St. Andrew’s Bazaar and Exhibition was fully as successful as the two preceding. The attendance was very large, and, as he greatly depleted stalls testified, very good business must have been done. The instrumental competitions excitedngreat interest. The results were:—Pianoforte pieces, junior, Miss Elva Rogers ; Master W. E. Ash ley, 2; Miss Edina’ Boyd, 3 ; seniora, Miss Venora Boyd, 1 ; Miss Lily Nankerville, 2; Miss Ivy Horwood, 3.. Miss Josephine Scott was awarded a special prize for her excellent per formance on the violin. The Rev. Dr. Tor rance, who acted as judge, expressed himself as highly pleased with the playing of the competitors in the senior division, which he said was much above the average. ln the section for writing the Lord’s Prayer, for competitors under sixteen, the second prize was won by Master George James. In the “home exercise" section, Stanley Rogers was awarded first prize, and J. Barr second. The bazaar will be open this afternoon from 2.30 till 5, and again at 6.30. Sixpence will be the price of admission. In the evening there will be spelling bee, geography bee, and mental arithmetic competitions. LONG GULLY FIRE BRIGADE. The monthly meeting was held last night, Captain Stevens in the chair. Correspondence was received from the secretary No 1, asking for the bri gade's patronage for the Woolley benefit. Granted, and it was decided to turn out in procession. Captain Stevens was deputed to act on the benefit committee. It was also de- cided that members turn out Saturday evening to sell tickets for the benefit. It was decided to hold s special meeting on Wednes- day evening. It was decided to send a letter to the press, contradicting the statement that members of the No. 1 had to resign owing to the disturbance at the social held at Long Gully, It was decided that a social be held at the end of the month when the photographs of the members will be presented. Accounts for £6 1s 4d were passed for payment. The resignation of Member T. Davis, who has left for Westralia, was received with regret. DRUIDS' SOCIAL —The annual social under the auspices of the Sandhurst Lodge was held in theOGddfellows' Hall last evening and was well attended, 68 couples being present. Messrs. Christensen and Henderson supplied the music, and Mr. L. Goodisson acted as M.C.. Mr. A. Mulder supplied the supper, which was neatly laid out in the top room. District President, Bro. S. Swift, occupied the chair. Visitors were present from Geelong, Bairnsdale and Beechworth, also officers from the Caractaous and Quartzopolis Lodges. Tbe toast of the Sandhurst Lodge was proposed. by Bro. Tuohy, and responded to by Bro. Stowell. Dancing was kept up until a late hour. MR. ROBERT CLARK, proprietor of the Bal larat Courier, attained the age of 70 years on Thursday, and a large number of city men met at the Buck’s Head Hotel to congratulate him on tbe event. ANOTHER compliment to the bicycle:- "The now popular sport of riding on wheels into the fresh country air is another movement that points in the direction of temperance."— Mr Alfred Deakin, M.D.A., at the Victorian Alliance Anniversary. TEMPERANCE FIRE BRIGADE,—The monthly meeting was held on Thursday evening, Captain Andrew in the chair. Officers’ re- ports were recieved and adopted Lieutenant C. Weiland handed in his resignation, as he leaving for the West. It was received with regret, and it was decided to give him a send off next week. Two members were elected on the reserve list. The balance sheet of the anniversary social was received and adopted Mr. J. Lawson was elected foreman, vice Mr. J. B eaton resigned. Four nomina tions were received for the position of Lieu tenant. Fireman N. Fraser was elected apparatus officer. Accounts were passed for payment and the meeting closed. FIRE IN HARGREAVES STREET.—Shortly before 2 o'clock this morning a fire broke out in a fove-roomed weathboard house in Har- graves street West occupied by Mr. Henry Thomas Baker. The watchman in the tower tolled the alarm, and the City Temperance and No. 1 Brigades were quickly on the scene. Some residents in the locality took the Golden Square contingent's reel out, and would have done good service had they been able to open the fireplug easily. The City Brigade were the first to get water on, and the assistance of a stream from the Goldden Square contingent's reel extinguished the flames but not before the house was completely gutted. Some of the shell remains, but it is not of much value. The cause of the fire is unknown. Mr. Baker states that they wnet to bed and left a small fire burning in the dining room. He surmises that that must have started the fire. The house, which was owned by Mr. W. Bartle, who lives next door, was insured in the Guardian Co. for £110, and Mr. Baker's furniture also for £110. ORPHAN AND HELPLESS CHILDREN.—Miss Violet Oldfield, the accredited collector of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum, will arrive in Ben- dlgo on Monday evening and will stay at the Shamrock Hotel. Anyone desirous of helping in the work of succouring rearing orphan children should communicate with her, or leave a donation at the hotel addressed to her. The Melbourne Orphan Asylum is an old established institution and its claims on the charitable are surpassed by none. In their 44th annual report the committee state :—The institution is at present main- taining 412 children, and since its establish-, ment has received and provided for 3188 orphans. This direct and plain statement of the objects and extent of the work is offered by the committee as the most powerful appeal possible for continued and increased support. There are many classes of orphan children— sufferers from bereavements, of various kinds — and other charities besides this ar eengaged in the noble work for their relief. But the special care of the institution is, first of all, for children who have boon deprived by death of both parents and are destitute of means of support. These are received from any part of . tho.colony, as from Bendigo and Eaglehawk, where no local orphanage is established. In these cases there can be no hesitation or doubt as to the urgency of the need and, looking back for a period of over forty years, the committee can say with deep thankfulness that no such child has ever been refused admission. During the past year (1895) the employment of lady collectors has been con- tinued with gratifying results. One collector, Miss Oldfield, visited the country, and the thanks of the subscribers are due to friends there, free accommodation having been pro- vided for her at Bendfgo, Echuca, Castlemaine and Maryborough, and by her diligent work ing a sum of about £120 was collected. A MODEL CHANGING HOUSE —Mr. Fox, manager of the New Moon Company, Eagle- hawk, has had erected a roomy galvanised iron changing room for the number of miners working there. It is about 30ft long and 12ft wide. 5ft above the floor, running the full length, is a zinc pipe, a foot in diameter, heated by exhaust steam from the engine bouse. Miners’ wet clothes can thus be dried in a short time, as the heat is hot to the hand. Tbere are also plenty of hooks to hang clothes on round the room. Mining managers and investors should go out and judge for themselves. MASONIC CHORAL SERVICE. —The final re- hearsal of the musical portion of this service will take place.at the Masonic Hall, to com- mence at 3 p.m, and all willing to assist (both vocal and orchestral) ore cordially in vited to be present. The service is to be held on the following Sunday (13th inst), the Rev. Bro. A. S. C. James conducting. CHARITABLE ENTERTAINMENT.—A meeting of the Mohawk Minstrels was held on Thurs day night, for the purpose of arranging for an entertainment to be given in aid of the Watson's Sustentation Fund. Mr. C, E. White presided. It was decided to hold a concert in the Masonic Hall on or about October 31st. The secretary was instructed to write to write to the Hope- toun Band, requesting their assistance. Mr. G. Hawke was appointed treasurer of the en- tertainment, and Mr. Masters assistant secre- tary. GOOD INTENT SOCIETY. - The monthly meeting of the society was held in Tem- perance Hall last evening. Present - Misses Smith, Ewing, Nicholls, Sievers, Clark and Curnow. Accounts were passed for payment. Several new cases were relieved with groceries, wood and blankets. Parcels of clothing and other goods or money will be thankfully received by any of the members. LADIES BENEVOLENT SCOIETIES. — The joint meeting of these societies was held at the Town Hall yesterday. There were pre sent: Mesdames Edwards, St. Vincent de Paul, Budds and Gadd, St Paul's Work Basket ; Thomas, Dorcas ; and Misses Smith and Curnow, Good Intent. The list of the various societies were compared and inform ation afforded those present that cannot but be of great benefit, and reduce the possibility of overlapping. A HORSE JUMPING ACCIDENT—A lad named Benjamin Webster, employed at Mr. Clifford’s stables, met with a severe accident while jumping a horse over a fence at the South Atlas racecourse yesterday morning. He was thrown to the ground and sustained a severe contusion of the scalp, besides having his upper lip almost completely torn away from the nose. He was taken to Dr. Murphy’s surgery where the injuries were attended to. A DISPUTED DEBT CASE —In the County Court, which opens on Tuesday, an action brought by Frederick Coates against Swal- ling, Wake, Briggs and Lesney, of the Iron- bark Foundry, will be heard. The plaintiff seeks to recover £73, money alleged to be due on two contrasts for the erection of machinery at the North Prince of Wales and Who Can Tell companies. The defendants have filed a set-off for a large sum and paid a small amount into court with a denial of liability. Mr. J. B. Roberts appears for the plaintiff, and Messrs. Crabbe, Cohen and Kirby for the defendants. ALLEGED CONVERSION OF JEWELLERY. - In the County Court which opens next week Elizabeth Reardon sues Charles Wilson to recover-£l5 19s for the alleged conversion of a quantity of jewellery and other personal effects. Messrs. Crabbe, Cohen and Kirby appear for the plaintiff. A TRUSTEE'S AUCTION.-An interesting case is set down for hearing in the County Court next week. The Sandhurst and Northern Dis- trict Trustees, Executors and Agency Com pany as the administrators of the late J.T. Caldwell, sue Stephan Winfield, farmer of- Hawkinston to recover the sum of £198 13s. The amount is said to be due for the alleged conversion 'of 437 sheep and 312 lambs. The defendant denies the conversion. Messrs. Rymer and Son will conduct the case for the plaintiffs and Messrs. Crabbe, Cohen and Kirby are for the defendant. CITY POLICE COURT-The mayor (Cr. Marks ) and Mr. Davism Js.P. adjudicated yesterday. A youth named George Corbett charged with perjury, was remanded to appear on Friday next at Clunes, where the offence is alleged to have been committed. OBITUARY. - The remains of the late Mr. William Johnston, nrewer, of Golden Square, were interred in the White Hills Cemetery yesterday afternoon. The funeral was a very lengthy one, a large number of old citizens being present, including the Foresters. The coffin was carried to the grave by several em- ployees of the firm. The Rev. Mr. Vallen, of the Presbyterian Church, Golden Square, read the church service, and Bro. Butler, C.R., read the Foresters' service. A large number of beautiful wreaths and floral tributes were sent in by smpathising friends. Mr. T. Sayer carried out the funeral arrangements. Mr. A. M. Pool, tailor, Mitchell street announced that he is making a grand display of new spring and summer suitings. Messrs A. Roberts and Sons announce that they have opened their new office in Mitchell street, and have a large number of engineers and mining requisites which they will supply at the cheapest rates. They also announce that they manufacture all kinds of machinery of the highest order. Messrs E. Flood and Sons, coach builders, etc., announce that they have removed to more com- modious premises opposite the School of Mines in Hargreaves street. The Bendigo Total Abstinence Society's monthly public meeting and entertainment will be held in the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening. A social and dance will be held in the Oddfel lows' Hall on Tuesday evening under the auspices of Court Bendigo A. O. F. The Bendigo Federal Co- Operative Company draws special attention to the beautiful display of tea sets they are now showing in their window as prices that must sell them, as they are marked con siderably below their value. A very fine display of modern productions of famous pictures are now being shown by Messrs T S. Glasier and Co., picture framers, Mitchell street. The prices range from 6d to 5s each. To those who have friends in the old country or else- where, they would make a very nice souvenir of the Christmas season, being specially imported for that occassion. Mr. J. H. Curnow will sell by action at the A. N. A. Hall, View street, on Thursday, 17th inst, ’ v,e w«treet,ouTha «lay, lYtoinst. a freehold property in Mundy street, next to the Cricketers' Arms Hotel; also miner's right allot- ment and six roomed house at Happy Valley In our advertising columns are particulars of an ulars* of an " extensive sale by auction of modern art furniture, piano, silverware and collection of works of art, to be held by Messrs H. M. Marks and Co and Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co in conjunc- tion under instructions from Mrs. H. Credington who is leaving for Europe. The sale will be held on the premises, Rowan street, on Tuesday at 11 o'clock. Owing to the very large number of lots we are requested to state that the sale will com- mence punctually to time. 