Haunted (Houses. AN INDIAN OFFICER'S STRANGE STORY. A correspondent of the "Standard" relates a strange story of his sufferings from the visitation of "ghosts." An officer, home from India on furlough, he had taken a five years' lease of a somewhat neglected mansion, to which he gives the name of Silverton Abbey. For this he covenanted to pay £200 per annum. Now nobody will give him £50 a year for it. The reason for this he gives in the following narrative: The first thing that we noticed was that servants fought shy of us. No sooner was Silverton Abbey mentioned than the servant broke off negotiations. In some way we struggled on short handed. Still no one said anything about ghosts. Summer turned into autumn, when one evening a violent rattling at one of the windows sent off the parlourmaid,a girl from the village, into hysterics. I ran outside, but found no one. After being comforted by a glass of port, the girl sobbed out that it was well known that Mr.- walked. She told a long story, which was after wards corroborated, of past events con nected with Silverfon Abbey. It was not a pleasant story, and as it affects persons still living, I will give no de tails. As soon as we began. to ask people about what the girl had said, mouths hitherto shut were opened. Silverton Abbey had - always been known in the nearest town and all round about as the haunted house. I may say that I am not physically ner vous. I have been under fire repeatedly, have been badly wounded in action,and have been complimented on my cool ness when bullets were flying about. I was not, then, afraid of ghosts, as far as I knew. Besides, I suspected trick ery. I had been often in places where my revolver had to be ready to my hand. A light was kept burning in the upper and lower corridor all night. A lamp and loaded revolver were by my bedside every night. No one could have entered the house without being de tected, and probably shot. As winter drew on, and the nights began to leng then, strange noises began to be heard. Night after night have I gone over the house, with a lamp in one hand and a loaded revolver in the other, but never did I find anyone about. Furniture had never been disturbed, though I could have sworn It was being moved. No living being had been in the places from which footsteps had been heard. The governess used to complain of a tall lady, with black heavy eyebrows, who used to come as if to strangle her as she lay in bed. She also described some footsteps, which had passed along the corridor past her door, of someone, apparently,by his or her actions,intoxi cated. But, in fact, no one had left their rooms, and no one had been in toxicated. A German parlourmaid and housemaid had been induced,on receipt of very high wages,to come to Silverton Abbey. They were old friends and oc cupied the same room. They and the English servants did not agree. They never went into the village and never cared to gossip. We never told them of any ghosts. One night the housemaid, according to her account was terrified by a tall lady with heavy dark eye brows, who entered the room and bent over her bed. After this the housemaid took up hot water to the bed-rooms and dressing-rooms, in the evenings, by the front stairs. The other servants went up the back stairs after dark in pairs. One night we had eriven into the town to a concert. It was nearly midnight when we returned. Our old Scotch housekeeper, who admitted us, a woman of iron nerves, was trembling with terror. Shortly before our arrival a horrible shriek had rung through the house. To all our questions she only; replied, "It was nothing earthly." The nurse, who was awake with a child with whooping-cough, heard the cry and says it was simply horrible. It was, she says, in the lower corridor. Now, there was no one in the lower corridor." One night, lying awake, .1 distinctly saw the handle of my bed-room door turned and the door pushed open. I seized my revolver and ran to the door. The lamp in the long corridor was burning brightly; no one was there and no one could have got away. We had become much attached to the neighbourhood. We decided to spend our winters on the continent, and the summers at Silverton. Abbey. We had children to educate. Our idea turned out to be an impossible one. We decided to let the house. I put the matter in the hands of local agents, but failed to let it furnished. I sold off the furniture, and( tried to let it unfurnished. I failed again. I tried ai London agent, who, after sending a man down, frankly told me the house was said to be haunted. I instructed him and the local agents to take oven fifty, pounds or sixty pounds for the house. Even then they failed. Now I have re ceived an offer of one hundred pounds for the two and a quarter years remain ing of my lease. One aundred p?ounds to be paid for two and a quarter years' occupation of a house with sixteen bed rooms, large reception-rooms, a garden with plenty of fruit, and fourteen acrcs of pasture, which pasture lets for about twenty-two pounds a year! Taking away the pasture, the house and garden appear, therefore, to be worth no more than eighteen pounds a year. 