ENCYCLICAL LETTER OP POPE LEO XIII, ON THE UNITY OF THB CHURCH. (Continued.) Truly the voice of the Apostles, when the Holy Ghost had comb down upon them, resounded throughout the would. "Wherever they went they proclaimed themselves the ambassadors' of Christ Himself. " By whom (Jesus Christ) we, have reoeived grace and Apostleship for obedience' to the faith in all nations for His name" (Bom. i., £). And God makes known, their . divine mission by numerous - miracles. " But they, going forth, preached everywhere, the Lord working withal, and "confirming the word with signs that followed" (Mark xvi., 20)., But what is-this word? That which 1 comprehends all things—that which tbey : had'learnt' from their Master; because' they openly and 1 publicly declare that they cannot help speaking of what they had Seen and heard. But, as we have already said, the Apostolic mission was not destined to die with the Apostles themselves, or to come to an end in the course of time, since it was intended, for the people at large and instituted for the salvation of the human race. For Christ commanded His Apostles to preach the " Gospel to every creature, to carry His name to nations and kings, 'and to be witnesses to him to the ends of the earth." He further promised to assist them in the fulfilment of their high mission/and that, not for a few ye&rs; or centuries only, but for all time— " even to the consummation of the world." Upon which St. Jerome says—" He who promises to remain with His Disciples to the end of the world declares tb.at they Will be for ever victorious, and that He will never depart from those who believe in Him " (In Matt., lib. iv., cap. 28, v. 20). But how could all this be realised in the ApoetleB alone, placed as they were under the universal law of dissolution by death? It was, consequently, provided by God that the Magisterium instituted by Jesus Christ should not end with the life of the Apostles, but that it should be perpetuated. We see it in truth propagated and, as it were, delivered from hand to hand. For the Apostles consecrated bishops, and each one appointed those who were to succeed them immediately "in the ministry of the'word." Nay more: they likewise required their successors to choose fitting men, to endow them with like authority, and to •Onfide to them , the office and mission of teaching. " Thou, therefore, my son, be strong in the grace which is in Christ Jesus; and the things which thou hast heard of me by many witnesses, the same-command to faithful men, who shall be .fitto teach- others also " (2 Tim. ii., 1-2). Wherefore, as Christ was sent by God, and the A postles by Christ, so the bishops and those who succeeded them were sent by the Apostles. " The Apostles were appointed by Christ to preach the Gospel to us. Jesus Christ was sent by God. Christ is, therefore, from God, and the Apostles from Christ, and both according to the will of God. . . . Preaching, therefore, the word through < the countries and cities, when they had-proved in the spirit the firstfruits of- tbeir teaching they appointed bishops find deacons for the faithful. % Tirey appointed' them and'thenordained them, so that when they themselves: had: passed away other tried men should carry on their ministry " (S. Clemens Bom. Epist. I ad Corinth. capp. 42 44). On the one hand, therefore,it'is< necessary that the mission of teaching whatever Christ had taught should remain perpetual and immutable, - and on the other that the duty of accenting and professing all their doctrine should ; likewise be perputual and immutable. ' ".Our Lord Jesus Christ, when in His Gospsl 'He ^ testifies that those who are not ivitlr Him are His enemies, does npt designate any special form of heresyj but declares - that ail heretics who are nlot with Him, and do not gather with Hun,~ . scatter His flock abd are His adversaries: • He that is not with Me , is against Me, and he that gathereth not with Me scattereth (S. Cyprianus Ep. Ixix., ad Magnum, n. 1). - V EVERY BEVEALED TRUTH, WITHOUT : . EXCEPTION, MOST BE ACCEPTED. • • ..'• & £he r ,Church, • founded on - these prinpiplps, andjnindful of "her office, has done- nbtJ^ing- with, greater zeal and endeavour than she lias displayed in 'gattiiag- v^he;: integrity' of. the- feit)i. Henoe *he- regarded as rebels, and expelled Irom .the ranks of .-her children, all who held beliefs on -any point of doctrine different frbni'he* own: The Arianer, the ', J^ontanists, the Nbvatians, the Quartoaecimaos, the Eutychians, did doctrinp; they abandonedonlya certain portion i?f 'it: r Imow "that'th^y ^banished from the' bosom - bf *'thfc ^hiiroh ? fci lijre manner were condemned all authors of heretical tenets who, followed them in subsequent ages. ' "There can be nothing more dangerous than those heretics who admit nearly the whole cycle of .doctrine, and yot,iiy one, word, as withia drop of poison, infect the real and. pimple faith taught by our Lord, and handed down foy Apostolic tradition" (Attctor Tqact. de Fide Orthodoza contra Aria/has). The practice of the Church/has always been the same, as is shown by the unanimous teaching of the Fathers, wlio were wont to; hold as outside Catholic communion and alien to the: Qhurcli. whoever would recede in the least degree from any point of doctrine proposed by her authoritative Magisterium. Epiphanius, Augustine, :and Theodoret drew up tk long list of the heresies of their times. St. Augustine noteB that other heresies may spring up, to a single one of which, should anyone give his assent, 'he ia by the very foot but off from Catholic unity. "No one-who merely disbelieves in all (these heresies) can for that reason regard himself as a Catholic or call himself one. For there may be or may arise some other heresies, which are not set out in this work of ours, and if anyone holds to one single one of these he is not a Catholic " (S. Augustinus, De Haeresibus, n. 88); The need of this divinely instituted means for the preservation of unity, about which we speak, is urged by St. Paul in his epiBtle to the Ephesians. In this he first admonishes them to preserve with every care concord of minds: " Solicitous to keep the unity of the epirit in the bondof peace " (Eph, iv., 3, etseq.). And, as souls cannot be perfectly united in charity unless minds agree in faith, he wishes all to hold the same faith : " One Lord, one faith," and this so perfectly one as to prevent all danger of error: " that henceforth we be no more children; tossed to and fro, and carried "about with every wind of doctrine by the,wickedness of men, by cunning craftiness, by which they lie in wait. to deceive " (Eph. iv., 14); and this, he teaches, is to be observed, not for a time only, " but tmtil we all meet in the unity of faith . . . unto the measure of the age. of the fulneBS of Christ" (18). But, in what has Christ placed the primary principle and the means of preserving this unity ? In that " He gave some Apostles, and other some pastors and doo'tors,. for the perfecting of the saints, for the work, of the ministry, for the edifying of the body. of Christ" (11-12). Wherefore, from the very earliest times the Fathers and doctors /of the Church have been accustomed , to. follow and, with one accord, to defend this rule. Origen writes—"As often as the heretios allege the possession of the canonical Scriptures, to which all. Christians give unanimous assent, they seem to say— ' Behold the word of truth is in the houses.' But we should believe them not, and abandon not - the primary and ecclesiastical tradition. We should believe not otherwise than' has been handed down by the tradition of the Church of. God '! (Vetus. Interpretatio Gommentariorum in Matt., n. 46). Irenaeus, too, says—" The doctrine of the Apostles'is the true faith . . . which is known to us through the Episcopal succession . . . which- has reached even unto our age by the very fact that the Scriptures have been .zealously guarded and fully interpreted " (Contra Haer-eseB, lib. iv., capl 33, n. 8). Apd Tertullian—" It ip .therefore clear that all doctrine which agrees v^ith. that of the Apostolic churches—thematrices and original centres of the faith—must be looked upon aB the truth, hplding without hesitation that the Church xeoeived it' from the Apostles, the'Apostles from Christ, and Christ from God. . . . We are in communion with the Apostolic churches, and by the very fact that they agree amongst themselves we have a testimony of the truth " {De Prcescrip., cap. xxxi). And so Hilary—" Christ teaching from the ship signifies that those who are outside the Church can never grasp the divine teaching;, for the ship typifies the Church, where.the^wprid of life is deposited and preached. Topse who are outside are like . sterile, and worthless sand—they eannot _compre. hend" (Comment. in Matt. xiii., n. 1). Bufinus-praises Gregory of, Nazianzum and Basil because " they studied the text of Holy Scripture alone,} and took the interpretation of its meaning not from their own .inner consciousness,_,but ; from the writings and on 'the authority of the ancients, who, in their turn, as it is, clear, took their rulie'; for,. underselling the meaning from the Apostolic successBion " (Hist. EcelJib.ii., cap^J9). , Wherefore, as-.appears from what has been.said, Christ instit'u.tedjn theCljuroh permanent Jf^ist^w^,-Jwhich' by i Hi? own power He ^trehgthened] jby the:Spirit""of trudi He.tiaught, and by miraoles confirmed. He willed and ordered, under the gravest penalties, that its teachings should lie reoeived • if they wer^ Hifl own. As - often, ' therefore, . AB . it is declared ' on the authority of this teaching that this cr that is contained in the deposit of divine revelation, it must be believed by everyone as true. ' If it could in any way be false, an evident contradiction follows, for then God Himself would be the author of error ih man. "Lord, if we be in error, we are being deceived 1»y. Thee" (Eichardus de ' S. YiotorG, De Trim., lib. i., cap. 2). In this wise, all cause for doubting being removed, can it be lawful for anyone to reject any one of those truths without by the very fact falling into heresy? without separating himself from the Church? without repudiating in one sweeping act the whole of Christian teaohing ? For such is the nature of faith that nothing can be more absurd than to accept some things and reject others. Faith, as the Church teaches, is " that supernatural virtue by which, through the hfelp of God and through the assistance of His grace, we believe what He has revealed to be true, not 'on account of the intrinsic truth perceived by the natural light of reason, but because of tbe authority of God Himself, the Bevealer, who can neither deceive nrir be deceived" (Cone. Vat., Sess. iii., cap. 3). If, then, it be certain that anything is revealed by God, and this is not believed, then nothing whatever is believed by divine faith, for what the Apostle St. James judges to be the effect of a moral delinquency, the same is to be said of an erroneous opinion in the matter of faith. " Whosoever shall offend in one point is become guilty of all" (Ep. James ii., 10). Nay, it applies with greater force - to an' erroneous opinion. For it can'be said with less truth that every law is violated by one who commits a single sin, since it may be that he only virtually despises the majesty of God the Legislator. But he who dissents even in one point from divinely-revealed truth absolutely rejects all faith, since he thereby refuses to honour God as the supreme truth and the formal motive of faith. " In many things they are with me, in a few things not with me; but in these few things in which they are not with me the many things in which they are will not profit them " (S. Augustinus, in Psal. liv., n. 19). And this, indeed, most deservedly, for they who take from Christian doctrine what they pleaBe lean on their own judgments, not on faith; and, not " bringing into captivity every understanding unto the obedience of. Christ " (2 Cor. x., 5), t)iey more truly obey themselves than God. " You who believe what you like of the gospels and believe not what you like, believe yourselves rather than the gospel " (S. Augustinus, lib. xvii., Contra Faustum Manichaewn, cap. 3). For this reason the Fathers of the Vatican Council laid down nothing new, but followed divine revelation and the acknowledged and invariable teaching of the Church as to the very nature of faith when they decreed as follows :—" All those things are to be believed .by. divine and Catholic faith which are contained, in the written or unwritten word of God, and which are proposed by the Church aB divinely revealed, either by a solemn definition, or in the' exercise - of its; ordinary -and universal Magisterium (Sess. iii., cap. 8). Hence, as it is clear, that God absolutely willed that there Bhonld be unity? in Hjs Church, and as it; is evident what Jrind of unity He willed,: and by means of* what principle He ordained that this unity^should be main-; tained, we may address the following words of St. Augustine to all who have not deliberately closed tbeir minds to the, truth:—" When we see the great help of God, snoh manifest progress and such' abundant fruit, shall we hesitate to take refuge in the bosom of that Church, which, as is evident to all, possesses the supreme authority of the Apostolic See through the Episcopal succession ? In vain do heretics rage rounti it; they are condemned partly by the judgment of the people themselves, partly by the weight of councils, partly by the splendid evidence of rniracleB. 'To refuse to the' Church the primacy is most impious and above measure arrogant. And if all learning, no matter how easy and oom-; mon it may be, in order to be fully understood requires 'a teacher and master, what can be greater evidence of pride and rashness , than'to be unwilling to learn about the books of the divine mysteries from; the proper interpreter,' and to wish tp condemn them unknown?'' (De Unitate Credendi, cap. xvii., JI. 85).' It is, then, undoubtedly the office of the Church to guard Christian doctrine/ and to propagate it in its integrity and purity. But this is not all. .. The obj^ot' for which the Church has . been instituted is not wholly attained by.£he performance of this duty. For, «ihce/. Jeiriis Christ delivered Himself up for thevsalvation'ov the human raoe, ^d.tbi.thi^end^rls^il; all Hu teaohing^and conmands,.so ordered the P^^^^^^Mt!^ 1!.' of its d0ctrinei l^VsiOc^.3-an«l liociiw^: mankind. P*BS so great, excellent, and important an ndads bc^ldsMthe fitting fend devout worship of God, which is to be found chiefly in the divine Sacri. fioe and in the dispensation of the'Sacraments, as well as . salutary laws and discipline. All these must; be found in the Church, since it cohtinues the mission of the Saviour for ever". The Churchy alonb offers to the human race that rehgion—that' state of absolute perfection—whioh He wished, as it were, to be incorporated iii it. And it alone supplies those means jaf' salvation which accord with the ordinary counsels of Providence. ' r (To be continued.) 