I I WHICH CLASs ARE YOU I j TRAVELLING By Geo. Cutting. What an oft-repeated question 1 Let me put it to you, my reader; for travelling you most certainly are-travelling from time into Eternity, and who knows how very, very near you may be this moment to the Great Terminus? Let me ask you then, in all kindness, " Which class are you travelling if" There are but three. Let me describe them, that you may put yourself to the test as in the presence of " Him with whom you have to do." 1st Class Those who are saved, and who know it. Sod Class These who are not sure of salvation, but anxious to be so. 3rd Class. Those who are not only unsaved, but totally indifferent about it. What of Eternity ? Yet are there not thousands of shrewd, far-seeing men to-day; who look sharply enough after their own interests in this life, but who seem stone-blind to the Eternity before them ? Spite of the infinite love of God to helpless rebels, told out at Calvary ; spite of His pronounced hatred of sin ; spite of the known brevity of man's history here ; spite of the terrors of judgment after death, and of the solemn probability of waking up at last with the unbearable remorse of being on hell's side of a "fixed" gulf, man hurries on to the bitter, bitter end; u careless as if there were no God, no death, no judgment, no heaven, no hell) Please to open your Bible, and read carefully the 13th verse of the 13th chapter of Exodus ; there you find these words from the lips of Jehovah : " Every firstling of an ass thou shall redeem with a lamb; and if thou will NOT redeem it, then you shall break his NECK and all the firstborn of man among thy children shall thou redeem." Now come back with me in thought to supposed scene of 3,000 years ago. Two men (a priest of God and a poor Israelite) stand in earnest conversation. Let us stand by, with their permission, and listen. The gesture of each bespeak deep earnestness about some matter of importance, and it isn't difficult to see that the subject of conversation is a little any that stands trembling beside them. " t am come to know," says the poor Israelite, "if there cannot be a merciful exception made in my favour this once. This feeble little thing is the dwelling of my au, and though I know full well what the law of God says about it, I am hoping that mercy will be shown, and the ass's life spared. I am but a poor man in Israel, and can ill afford to lose the little colt." "But,', answers the priest firmly, " the law of the Lord is plain and unmistakable: Every firstling of an ass thou shall redeem with a lamb; and if thou will not redeem it, thee thou shall break his neck. Where is the lamb?" "Ah, sir, no lamb do I possess 1" "Then go, purchasers, and return, or the man's neck must surely be broken. The lamb must die, or the us must die." Alu 1 then, all my hopes are crushed, for I am too poor to buy lamb." While this conversation Ereceeds, a third person joins them, and after hearing the poor man's tale of sorrow, he turns to him, and says kindly, "Be of good cheer. I can meet your need. We have in our house, on the hilltop yonder, one little lamb, which is without spot or blemish.' This lamb will I fetch." And away he hastens up the bill. Presently you see him gently leading the fair little creature down the slope and very soon both lamb and we are standing side by side. Then the lamb is bound to the altar, its blood is shed, and the fire consume it The righteous priest now turns to the poor man, and says, " You can freely take some your little colt in safety ; no broken neck for it now. The lamb has died in the ass's stead, and consequently the ass goes righteously free. Thanks to your friend." Now, poor troubled you, can't you see in this God's own picture of a winter's salvation? His claims u to your sin demanded a broken neck-tie, righteous judgment upon your guilty head ; the only alternative being the death of a divinely-approved substitute. Now you could not find the provision to meet your case; but, in the person of His beloved Son, God Himself provided the lamb. " Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world." Onward to Calvary He went in "a lamb led to the slaughter, and there and then He suffered for sins, the just for the unjust that He might bring us to God." "But I am among the second-class passengers you speak I of." Well, reader, both indifference and uncertainty are the offspring of one parent unbelief. The first results from unbelief u to the sin and ruin of man, the other from unbelief as to God's sovereign remedy for man. " Dover thou believe ok the Son of God? " Well," you reply, "I have, as a condemned sinner, found in Him one that I can safely trust. I do believe on Him." Then I can tell you that the full value of His sacrifice and death, u God estimates it. He makes as good to you as though you had accomplished it all yourself. It may be that you are quite clear that it is Christ's death alone that gives SAFETY ; but you think that it is what you feel that gives certainty. How did the firstborn sons of the thousands of Israel know for certain that they were safe the night of the Passover and of Egypt's judgment ? Let us pay a visit to two of their houses, and hear what they have to say. We find in the first house we enter that they are all shivering with fear and suspense. "What is the secret of all this paleness and trembling ?'' we ask, and the first-born son tells us that the angel of death is coming round the land, and he is not quite certain how matters will stand with him at that solemn moment. " When the destroying angel has passed our house, and the night of judgment is over," I shall then foregather I am safe. They say they are sure of salvation next door, but we think it very presumptuous. AH I can do is to pass the long dreary night hoping for the best " Well, we ask but he not the God of Israel provided a way of safety for his people ? " True," he replies, and we have availed ourselves of that way of escape. The blood of the spotless and unblemished first-year lamb has been duly sprinkled with the bunch of hyssop on the lintel and two side posts, but still we are not fully assured of shelter. Let us now leave these doubting troubled ones, and enter next door. What a striking contrast meets our eye at once. Peace rests on every countenance. There they stand, with girded loins, and staff in hand, feeding on the roasted lamb. What can he the meaning of all this tranquility oil such a solemn night as this? "Assay they all, "we are only waiting for Jehovah's marching orders, and then we shall bid a last farewell to the task- master's cruel lash and all the drudgery of Egypt 1" "But, bold ! Do you forget that this is the night of Egypt's judgment ? " " Right well we know it but our firstborn son is safe. The blood has been sprinkled according to the wish of our God." " But so it has been the next door," we reply ; " but they are all unhappy, because all uncertain of safety." " Ah 1" firmly responds the first- born, "but we have more than the sprinkled blood, we have the unerring WORD OF GOD about IT God has said When I see the blood I will pass over you.' God rests satisfied with the blood outside, and we rest satisfied with His word inside " When as a child of God you do any thing to grieve the Holy Spirit of God, your communion with the Father and the Son is, for the time, practically suspended and it is only when you judge, Yourself and confess your sins, that the joy of communion is restored. Your child has been guilty of some misdemeanour. He shows upon his countenance the evident mark that something is wrong with him. Half-an-hour before this he was enjoying a walk with you round the garden, admiring what you admired, enjoying what you enjoyed. In other words, he was in communion with you; his feelings and sympathies were in common with yours. But now all this is changed, and is a naughty, disobedient child he stands in the corner, the very picture of misery. Upon penitent confession of his wrongdoing you have assured him of forgiveness ; but his pride and self will keep him sobbing there. Where is now the joy of half-an-hour ago! All gone. Why? Because communion between you and him has been interrupted. What is become of the relationship that existed between you and your son half- an hour ago? Is that gone too? is that severed or interrupted? Surely not. His relation- ship depends upon his birth. His communion upon his behaviour. But presently he comes out of the corner with broken will and broken heart, confessing the whole thing from first to last, so that you see the hates the disobedience and naughtiness u much as you do, and you take him in your arms and cover him with kisses. The Christ rejected must bear his own sons in his own person in the lake of fire for ever. Now, when a saved one fails, the criminal question of sin cannot be raised against him, the Judge Himself having settled that once for all on the cross ; but the communion question is raised within flimby the Holy Ghost as often as helgrievestbeSpirit. He takes from you your present comfort and joy until you judge and resist the evil thing that Hu judges and resists. When this is done communion with God is again restored. The Lord make us to be increasingly jealous over ourselves, lest we grieve " the Holy Spirit of God, whereby we are sealed unto the day of redemption." Eph. iv., 30. Once more let me ask, Which class are you travelling?" Turn your heart to God, I pray you, and answer that question to Him. "Let God be True, but every man a liar." Rom. iii, 4. " He that hath received His testimony has set to his seal that God it true," John iii., 33\. May the joyful assurance of possessing this great salvation" beyond, dear reader, now and;" till welcomes 