ASOVE THE SPEAKER SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT. By TIMOTnEUS. "Timotheus placed on high." What lias passed in Parliament ? Nothing, except the week. Ministers, for reasons of their own, stopped urgent bnsi ness anu elected to proceed with the insol vency Bill and to report estimates, and this, with the Referendum Bill, during pri vate members' time, was all. The measures which it is supposed have to go through this year were not so much as touched. The Con stitution Bill last week was described as all important, hut this week it was hung up. Why this block in the very heart of the session ? The sagacious member asks him self whether there is a design behind the drift. The current explanation is the assumed readiness of Ministers to make a mess of the session, and then to formulate further charges of obstruction against the Council. Materials for the quarrel are accumulating. Ministers will fight the inevitable amend ments in the Companies Bill no matter what they are. And they will resist the amendments in the Insolvency Bill, which are equally sure to be made, because city men describe the measure as a lawyers' bill pure and simple—by which they innocently mean, artful and complex. And then, if time is not allowed the Council to consider state bank provisions, the Council may de cline to be rushed, and Ministers will have a cry there to the good. If there is to be a break with the Council, and an appeal as to the Constitution Bill, why, the evident cue of the Government is to pile on the agony—and it certainly does look as though the agony were to be piled on. The Referendum Bill completes the list of Trades-hall reforms in the constitution. The Government " heartily adopt the measure." Why they did not put it in their own Reform Bill is an open secret. The resigna tion of some at least of their colleagues in the Council would have followed. Indeed, the point about the bill is not as to whether . it will be accepted by the Council, but whether any member will be found—of the Count Julian stamp—to take it up. Pos sibly the measure will not leave the Lower House, for there is a lot of talking to be done about it. But it will appear in its full glory in the Government programme for their appeal to the country. The case for a one-House constitution can always be plausibly put. There is the argu ment of the Abbe Sieyes, that if the Upper House agrees with the Lower it is useless, and if it disagrees it is mischievous. And there is the impatience .of Andrew Fairservice, and the preference for the Par liament of " puir auld Scotland, where they aye sn/t cheek by jowl and dinna hae the same blethers twice over." The Abbe was a theoretical pedant, Andrew was a busy body, enamoured of his own conceit. These two types come out strongly in 'all these discussions to set aside the settled dual system of the world. Usually the mau who sees at a glance that all the other nations are totally wrong, belongs rto the one class or the other. And usually they are the tools of Tennyson's demagogues:— "Men loud against all form of power— i Unfurnished brows, tempestuous tongues— \ Expecting all things in an hour Brass mouth and iron lungs." ' In Switzerland bills to which both Houses have agreed are submitted to the people. Ahd the argument Tims, " Surely this is the same thing as submjnUjgjgoithe people bills upon which the Houses have not agreed." The bill -should be advocated on its own merits.- Where its supporters go hopelessly, Wrong is in contending that the referen dum is in force in other countries^^eire is only one country in which, as it'ha there is a. referendum at all,'^ai»8 : Outtrim read a long list of bills . ing passed both Houses in Switzerland^' were afterwards rejected by the voteSf ^s j people. From which it may be inferred that logic is not exactly the strong feature of the member for Maryborough. But theiaf, Mr. Outtrim is good in prophecy. Let thai " Council onlv surrender its veto in favour vote, and he oreoiets that pro* perity will return to the country* and peace frill endure between the two Houses. The troops lay down their arms first and the Indians scalp them afterwards. One of the Bret bills submitted to the mass vote would assuredly l>e one for the abolition of the Council. The vulgar little boy of the In goldsby legends says " not a word to indi cate a doubt," but his pmtouiimc is expres sive. One cannot imagine a physical imita tion on the part of Sir William Zeal and Sir Frederick Sargood, hut this will be their mental attitude. The Estimates furnish their interludes. Mr. Prendergast rose to the height of the occasion. With great fervour he broached the burning question 'of the Irish stew served out at the Melbourne Hospital. There are historical stews. There is the stew prepared for the travelling showmen at the Jolly Sandboys, which provoked even from the saturnine Codlin the exclamation What a delicious smell.'' _There is the say to the terrified Dominie. " Gape, sinner, and swallow." But not of this delectable class was the Hospital stew, which a con stituent of Mr. Prendergast. a wardsman, refused to eat. Whether the cook threw the kitchen scraps into the stew, or whether, after the immortal fashion of Mrs. Todgers, he dodged about with liis fork and re moved the tit-hits, we know not. It is sufficient that the stew was not a gastro nomic triumph. The man, we are told, left the place rather than partake of the dish, and from this brutal tyranny Mr. Prender gast claims that the community should be delivered. " Is the Treasurer to go to the Hospital and see to the stew himself?'' asked one member. " He might be worse employed," was the gloomy reply. No doubt, At one time, the intrusion of these trivial subjects was resented, now tliey are welcomed, and if Mr. Prendergast will but formulate a motion giving Mr. Turner specific orders, lie will receive a good deal of support. The philosophers of t he House ■realise how much better it would be to have the Premier superintending stews rather than making a hash of the constiiu tion. Perhaps Mr. Harper was judicious. But he spoiled sport. In the absence from the Chamber of Sir John MTutyre. he acted for the Opposition, and he appealed to the Speaker about the vigorous onslaught Mr. Hancock was making on Mr. Deakin for taking a brief against the Labour Corner in the matter of the Sangster Board. Ministers were looking on uncertain as to whom to sympathise with. Some very pretty things were said about the indecency of a young democratic leader maligning the poor man for the sake of gold, and as the member for Footecray had just warmed up to the Yarra wharf pitch, still prettier, sentences were fondly anticipated. Mr. Deakin was incandescent. He sat white j as a ghost—the ghost of tradition. It was1 liis intention, he declared, to say nothing, but to let Mr. Hancock expose his own evil nature. That statement was not bad for a flying start. The member for Essendon evidently could not have stood the strain much longer, hut must liave bubbled over. And then when Mr. Mason relieved the Speaker, he ruled the whole debate out of order, and that was still more unkind. It stopped the prospect of the do-nothing week ending at least with a turmoil. The grateful member was Mr. Sangster, who was glad to bring his long harangue to a callous House to an abrupt conclusion, and who delicately intimated that he would now be able to say that, after being brew-beaten by the hireling, Mr. Deakin, in the court, and sat upon by the judicial, but incom petent, Sir Henry Wrixon, he was finallv silenced in Parliament by the servile Mr. 3Iason. Mr. Hancock's vivid description of the lawyers explains much. The.v band to gether, he emphatically declares, to "defend men whom they know to be scoundrels, and to persecute " men they know to l>e innocent." Nothing could stir him from the point. How is he aware of all this? The Ministry is a Ministry of city lawyers, Messrs. Isaacs, Turner, Best, Duffy, and so on and so on. Can it lie that it is not in vain that Mr. Hancock has listened to the constant defence by Ministers of the one corner and the constant aspersion of the other? Mr. Dentin's defence of his profession at tlie end was delivered in eapital style. Members wanted liini to go on. At the same time, despite what he said to the con trary, lie must see that it would never do for him to speak about his eases in the House. When he leaves the court, he says, he drops the advocate and becomes the citizen. When he enters the Assembly it is as a representative. Bufi everyone would suspect a bias. Justly or unjustly, this is what the House always did m the case of Mr. David Gaunson, who had a faculty for lielieying thoroughly in his briefs. The Deakin peroration was good, even for Mr. Deakin. An honest lawyer, we gather, is the noblest work of God. Cynics! might urge that the diamond is valuable! because it is rare. 