[?] ??rduritl nma Ii jMl ll, lft haantfrsg im,' will the V'^* th* Urd with an angry wtahtaukof' t a [?] tea beautiful room I a^^lBSjilpwipi^'i: \\.:-i ''? '? fepMw^'^So^^famitthemoon mi nearly ||g|§ WlBiiit that after I bad | eooldnot nalat the tempta ;.|.y and look out ^^a^jMsSlwittiWji^y Everything m m and trauapaient .-?^^-'thai'I felt bewitched. Ibad BO inclination to *eemedrivetedto tbe chair by tha'window, joat looking oat, llrit at the twink . 1ink«tan,tiien rt the still, moonlit* expanse '. . ' '1 mint bare eat for balf an boar when, \- ;':,faMag mr eyee down to tbe meadow again, 'they Wl npon a moving object. It was aome .- ?: . thing -Mute; 10 abape like a hnman form, bat at Intit ra too far away from me to tell whether '4ala w' woman. I bad a olear new of the \- . meadow, and bad noticed at Brat that there was BoJiTeetoek or any living mature in it. Bo . toil apparition made me feel'queer, ' 'I kept my eyea fixed upon it. Blowlj it assumed more definite shape, and I concluded that it waa coming towards ma. It wu a woman's tana, clad in a long flowing robe of white. Something by bar aide flashed in tbe \- moonlight aa if tbe light were playing upon a awordbr long dagger, Aa ahe came nearer a eold aweat broke over me, and I aat anxiously watching. 'About 60 yards from the houae she stopped. Baising both arms, from which the long white sleeve* bung loosely down, ahe seemed to begin appealing to me. I reached my field glass and brought it to bear npon her. I made out a faoe, white aa marble in the moonlight, bat beautiful' beyond description. I oonld discern its work ings aa aba began to geaticnlate and make paaaea with tbe weapon ahe held. Her thrusts and menaces were directed towards me, the ' blade ahe wielded flashing brigbtly in tbe moon light. ' Her face waa unknown to me, and I could not imagine why she addreaaed me in that violent bot silent fashion, for not a sound reached me. After tbe ahow bed gone on for about a quarter of an hour, 1 began to con sider whether it wax not my duty to slip quietly downstairs and make an excursion upon my ghostly visitant. Whilst thinkiDg the matter over a cloud passed before the moon and the figure waa lost in the darkness.Wben the moon light shone again she was.gone. Not an object ' was visible in the meadow from end to end. ' I sat until the first blush of dawn illumined tbe sky, then cold, creepy and tired, ! undrnsed and got into bed. But beyond a few broken snatches there was no deep for me that morning. The form and face of the white maiden were too vividly imprinted upon my mind for me to enjoy ths repose I wanted. 11 Tbiuking that I might have been the vic tim of tome illusion I aaid nothing to Ulaze krook about my midnight experience. We bad a grand day together in tbe woods and by the river, and at night I retired early. J quickly fell asleep, aud had slept for about so hour when I awakened witb a strange sensation, tilancing towards tbe window, I saw that tbe moon was ahining brightly and I felt ao un couquersble longing to look out of the window as I had done the previous night. 1 got up and raised tbe blind and looked out. To my dis may, there stood the aame white form thrusting and parrying witb tbe glistening sword aa I had ?ecu it do tbe night before. ' I pinched myself to feel if I were really alive and awake. I concluded 1 waa. The figure continued to gesticulate wildly, ao I thought 1 waa warranted in arousing my friend Ulafte brook and telling blm of tbe apparition. I went softly to bis ruom and awakened him. ?? ? Qlaxebrook,' aaid I. 'Either I'm haunted or this meadow at the back of the house is ; do and tell me which, that's a good fellow.' h Be came back witb me immediately, and want to the window, ' 1 Do -oa see anything ? ' I siM, pointing to the white figure, which bow stood motionless about fifty yards from the houae. ?' ? What— in Bit nana ot— goodness — ia itf be aaked, clutching my arm nervously. ' 'That's what l want to know,' I a»id, 4 It haunted me last night and, aa yon sea, ifs bare again.' 'Ha watched for a while, aad tbso we agreed to go down and approach the spectre. Hurriedly diuaiing. we arms 1 oanslvee witb a stout stick eeeh, and then stole quietly oat of tbe front' low to avoid uoIm. Creeping ronnd the boose, we croaaod the garden aud reached tbe meadow fence. The figure bad disappeared. We timid the fence awd etplored the meadow and Ike field adjoining, bat oat a trace ol it coold wa find. ' GlaaaUnok waa dreadfully upeet when I told blm of all I had eeec tbe previous night. Ha asonted tbe idea of it being anything super natural aad expneaod tbe belief that U» sppfcr ftionhad some burglarious import, Ths next bouae to hie was two hundred yards away sad waa inhabited b j an old and fcigbly-eespoeted family. There waa do other bouae within a con ridarable distance, and I oonld eee that the louo aomeassa of the poaittoa of hie own boose had been uaplaaaintly farced hoaso to him. 1Mb that day to thia tbe mystery of the whits spectre I aaw oo theae two mMsomuner nlghta haa gone unsolved. HntteOkotnok I m* I iitilatsiail (lia al t isVl aal alssa In Ite lilntll ? But fee an hoar before our joang friend here made that remark about tbe (ulU, I bad been attack fay tbe queer raemlilsane ia minatnm the (aea of that gull beara to ths faoe 1 saw through esy field glesa on tbe first night 1 spaat ia Qiaae brook's hooae on tbe Thames.' 14 Do you remember ths date of that vieit to joar friend's f aaked a thin, academic-looking paaeanger, who had listened intently to the MMy, ?' H was in 1886,' replied tin rtririgsi in grey, after a moment's thought. 'Ah ; On it is not a co-incidence, ' remarked the inquirer. ' I think I can explain yosr mid night phenomena. Tbe family wbo lived la th a boose next to your friend Glaobrook'a wan named Mallery. In the summer ot 1880 they bad staying with tbem a Uautiufl giri of 18, « coaela. She had acale monomania. It took the form of dramatic haUnrinatwe. « 8ns had a waakneas for tragedy aad lancisd hsiirtl a gaeat tragedienue, and was oootiuually reciting tngic part*. On moonlight aigbta (be eame ti roe slipped away into a fielJ by the end of the kouae and than dedaimsd before inugiuary andienwa. Yoa happened to be there at the time and caw bar, I knew the esse trail, aa mjr frieud Dr. tjngvnbant had it in bead. I believe that ahe died about thro* years ago.' Then assuming the old legend to be true, it is quite possible that sbe is in that gull which has been hypnotising our frlend here,' ventured Charlie Williamson facetiously, pointing to the persistant bird a yard beyond the stern rail of the steamer. 'Uaahit— I believe i tii! But «hj sboold it bant me in that way t ' naked the strangar with a convulsive graap al tbe rail. ▲t four o'clock in tbe afternoon of tba day bat ono after, the Highland Bella tonntmri at Aber deen. Roveriog about bar atom waa a flock of see gulls, aad boldest amoog them waa the btrd wbieb had diaconeerted our fellow voyager. \- ' Good-bye,' aaid a hollow voice behind me, ea tbe steamer ran alongside the pier. 1 tamed. It was oar friend in gnj. tkoewhe bad a ticket for London as we had. ?? What are yon going to do P ' I aaked. ' Go home by rail,' he replied excitedly. ' Nonsense I ' I aaid, ' Why t ' ' uatm i iia war jcv, ua |ivioHDg to the gait ' I wouldn't go a mile further with tliftt for thousand poondi ' fie jamped Mbore. A moment later we ?*» him ronning from the steamer esif for dear life. A. piercing * 1 shree week I ' ilrtsw oar attention to the birds hovering over the item. Our friend's bird had broken nr»y from the others and was heading a course doe tooth. An hour later we left for London, bat that bird-wraith of the stage-struck maiden appeared to us no more. 