WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUKGER. A OF MERRY ENGLAND. Br MISS Bm ADDON; Author of "Ishmr.cf/' "Dead- Men's Shos.% Audley'a Secret," "Wyllard'3 Weird," "Phantom Pastime," ' "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &a; [Publiriied'by special arrangement with authos. Allright3 reserved, J ClTATTEIi XXVIII.—Il7 A DEAD CALM. The great bales and chests and leather trunks, on the filling whereof Sir John's house-' hold had bestowed a week's labor, were all uu nacksd and cleared out of the hall to make room for a waggon-load of packages from Chiltern Abbey, which preliminary waggon was fol lowed" day after day by other conveyance;, laden with other possessions of the honorable Henriette or the honorable George. The? young lady's virginals, her guitar, her em broidery frames, her books, her "babies," which the maids had packed, although it was long since she had played with them; the-, young gentleman's gnns and whips, tennis, rackets, bows and arrows, and a mass of heterogenous goods; there seemed no end to the two children's personal property, and it was well that the old house was sufficiently spacious to alford a wing for their occupation. They brought their gouvernanto and a valet and maid, the falconer and three grooms, for whom lodgings had to be found out-of-doors. The valet and waiting-woman spent some days in distrubting and arranging all that mass of belongings; but at the end of their labor tho children's room looked more cheerful than their luxurious quarters at Chiltern and tho children themselves were delighted with their new home. "We are lodged ever so much better hers than at the Abbey," George told his grand father, "we were so far away from father and mother and the house was under a curse, being' stolen from the Church in lving Henry's reign.. ' Once, when I had a fever, an old grey monk came and sat at the foot of the bed, between: the eurtaius and wouldn'o go away. He sat there always, till I began to get well agaiu. Father said there was nothing there and it was only the fever made me see him ; but I know it w;ts the ghost of one of the monies who were flung out to starve when the Abbey was seized by Cromwell's men. Not Oliver Cromwell,, grandfather; but another bad man of the name, who had his head cut off afterwards ; though I doubt he deserved the axe less than the brewer." There Wits no more talk of Montpelier or of. exile. A new life began in the old house in tho1 valley, with new pleasures, new motives, new duties—a life in which tho children were para mount. These two eager young minds ruled at the Manor Moat. For them the fish-pond teemed with carp and tench, for them hawks flew and hounds ran, and horses and ponies were moving from morning till twilight; for them Sir John grew young again and hunted; fox and hare and rode with the hawks with all the pertinacity of youth, for whom there is no such word as enough. For them the happy grandfather lived in his boots from October to March and the adoring aunt spent industrious : hours in the fabrication of flies for trout after the recipes m Mr. Walton's agreeable book. The whole establishment was ordered for their comfort and pleasure, but their education and improvement were also considered in every thing. A Roman Catholic gentleman from St. Omer was engaged as George's tutor and to teach Angela a,nd Henriette Latin and Italian, studies in which the niece was stimulated to industry by her desire to surpass her aunt, ars ambition which her volatile spirits never allowed her to realise. For all other learning and accomplishments' Angela was her only teacher and as the girl grew to womanhood aunt and niece read and studied together like sisters rather than like pupil and mistress, and Angela taught Hen rietta to love those books which Fareham had (given her and so in a manner the intellect of the banished father in fluenced the growing mind of the child, . Together, and of one opinion in all things, aunt and niece visited and ministered to the neighboring poor, or entertained their genteel neighbors in a style at once friendly and elegant. No existence could have been calmer or happier to one who was content to renounce all passionate hopes and desires, all the romantic aspirations of youth; and Angela, had resigned herself to such renunciation when, she rose from her sickbed after the tragedy afc Chiltern._ Here was the charm of the convent' without its restrictions .and limitations, the peace which is not of this world, and yet liberty to enjoy all that is fairest and noblest in this world, for had nob Sir John pledged himself to take his daughter and niece and nephew for the grand tour through France and Italy soon after George's seventeenth birth day '! Father Andrea, who was of Florentine birth, would go with them, and with such a cieisbeo they would see and understand all the treasures of the past and the present, antique and modern art. Lord Fareham was still in the north oE 1 Europe; but, .after three years in Russia, had been transferred from Moscow to Copenhagen, where he was in high favor with the King of" Denmark. Denzil Warner had lately married a young lady of fortune, .the only child and heiress of a Wiltshire gentleman who had made a considerable figure in Parliament under the Protector, but was now retired from, public affairs. And all that remained to Angela of her story of impassioned love, sole evidence of tho homage that had been offered to her beauty or her youth, was a letter, now long grown dim with tears, which Henriette had given to her on the first night the children spent under their grandfather's roof. "I was to hand you this when no one was by," the girl said simply, and left her aunt} standing mute and pale with a sealed letter in her hand. "How shall I thank or praise you for the sacrifice your love made for one so unworthy— a sacrifice that cut me to the heartAlas, my beloved, it would have been better forhotli of us hadst thou given me thyself rather than so empty a gift as thy good name. I hoped to tell you lip to lip in one last meeting all my gratitude and all my hopeless love, but though I have watched and hung about your gardens and meadows day after day you have been too jealously guarded or have kept too close, and only with my pen can I bid you an eternal farewell. "I go out ofjjyour life for ever since I am. leaving for a distant country with the fixed intention never to return to England. I bequeath you my children as if I left you a rag of my own lacerated heart. "If you ever think of met I pray you to consider the story of my life as that of an in vincible passion, wicked and desperate if you will, but constant as life and death. You were and are. and will be, to my latest breath, my only love. "Perhaps you will think sometimes, as I shall think always, that we might have lived innocently and happily in New England, for getting and forgotten by the rabble we left behind us, having_shaken off the slough of an unhappy life, beginning the world again, under new names, in a new climate and country. It was a guilty dream to entertain, perhaps; but I shall dream it often enough in a strange land, among strange faces and strange manners —shall dream of you on my death-bed and open dyiug eyes to see you standing by my bedside, looking down at me with that sweetly sorrow ful look I remember best of all the varying expressions in the face I worship. " Farewell for over, "P." While lier son and daughter were growing up at the Manor Moat Lady Fareham sparkled at the French court, one of the most brilliant figures in that brilliant world, a frequent guest at the Louvre and Palais Royale and the brand new palace of Versailles, where the largest court that had ever collected round a tinono was accommodated in a building of Paliadian. richness in ornament and detail, a palace whose offices were spacious enough for two thousand servants. No foreigner at the great king's court was more admired than the lovely Lady Fareham, whose separation from her black-browed husband occasioned no scandal in a society where the husbands of beautiful women were for the most part gentlemen who pursued their own vulgar amours abroad and allowed a wide liberty to tbe Venus at borne ; nor was Henri de Malfort's constant atten dance upon her ladyship a cause of evil speaking, since there was scarce a woman of consequence who had not her cavaliere ser vante. Madame de Sevigne, in one of those budgets of Parisian scandal with which she cheered a kinsman's banishment, assured Bussy do Rabulin that Lady Fareham had paid her friends' debts more than once since her return to France ; but constancy such as De Malfort's could hardly be expected were not the golden fetters of love riveted by tbe harder metal of interest. Their alliance was looked on with favor bv all that brilliant world, and even tolerated by that severe moralist the Due de Montausier, who had been lately rewarded for his wife's civility to Mademoiselle de la Vallierc, now duchess and reigning favorite, by being made guardian of the infant daupliin. Everyone approved, everyone admired: and Hyacinth's life in tbe land she loved was like a long summer day. But darkness came upon that day as suddenly as the darkness of the tropics. She rose one morning Iiglithearted and happy to pursue the careless round of pleasure. She lay down in a darkened chamber never again to mix in that splendid crowd. • Betwist noon and twilight Henri de Malforfc had fallen in a combat of eight, a combat so savage as to recall that fatal fight of five against five during the Fronde, in which Nemours had fallen, shot through the heart by Beaufort. The light words of a fool in a tavern, backed by three other fools, had, led to this, encounter 5 in which Da Malfort had been the challenger. He and one of his friends died on the ground and three on the other side were mortally wounded. It would henceforth be fully under stood that Lady Fareham's name was not for ribald jesters; but the man Lady Fareham loved was dead and her life of pleasure had ended with a pistol ball from air unerring hand. To her it seemed the hand of Fate. She scarcely thought of the man who had killed him. As her life had been brilliant and con spicuous, so her retirement from the world was not without eclat. Royalty witnessed the the solemn office of the church which trans formed Hyacinth, Lady Fareham, into Mere Agnes, of the Seven \Vounds, while, seated in the royal gallery, a king's mistress, beauti ful and adored, thought of a day wheu she too might creep to thjs asylum in sorrow and deep humility, seeking refuge from a royal lover's inconstancy and the world's neglect. The End. 