CH APTE It VIII. In Iii o morning Jem sought Mrs. Patter sou. Another sleepless night hail dulled his eyes and taken tho bright healthful ness from his complexion. He looked strained and anxious. He felt almost nervous lest he should see Elizabeth. Seeing her would prove, he told himself, that either bis 'brain or vision was distorted. He held his hal in his band and stood over near the door of the morning-room, just as his father bad »toed before him. Mrs. Patterson found a. difference be- tween him and every other candidate for her garden labor she had ever interviewed. "You have been educated," she said, dis- satisfaction in eyes and voice. "At a public school," he replied. She regarded him severely over her glass- es. "In any opinion," she said, "you must have very little ambition. A young main like you should make gardening the last resource of uli." "[ have done," answoreti Jem quietly. Sile leaked ut Lim sharply, picked up ker ku Hiing and nodded. TL ere was au involuntary allusion to Lis trouliïo in Lis eyes, and she caught it. "Well, I shall give you a trial-'and «oiue thïng better may come to you yet," she said in a lone ol' modulated.sharpness, "it had struck me lately that your father was too feeble ¡for his work, lie is your father ?" "Yes," replied .lem. She put down her knitting and crossed one Laud over the other. Her face was earnest to solemnness. "Yon must take care of him, Jem," she sahl. "He is ¿in old mani-you will not al- ways have him with you. Don't ever be tempted into leaving him. lt is bad lo be alone when one is old. ll is bad always bm. when one is old-" She stopped suddenly and caught up her kui tiing again. Someone was running down sin.i.rs. A. blithe, young voice was carolling "My Excellentt Friend," fromi "Pepita." Again Mrs. Patterson saw the trouble in tho 'frank, boyish face. 11 was not to lie expected that sho should know it. was due at that moment to ÏI step in Hie halt and a bright singing voice. The door bändle turned mud Elizabeth cu, a ii* in. Her arms were book-Indeu; lier gown ol' crisp uiatslin rustled past. Jem. Ile said, "Good .morning. Miss Elizabeth," in a low voice, and his eyes lxwought her again MS they had ?done «before when she had been in i lie carriage. Her nod went past ¡hini. She made it proud and cold-the very gesture of a hau- ghty lady to a humble retainer. Also she called him Watson. "And something boiler may come to you .soon.'' added Mrs. Patterson, hurriedly. "New go. You may consider yourself en- gaged-that is to say, 1 will give you a (rial. ('luso the door after you." ito closed it and went away quickly. "1 ha<ve engaged him while hhs father is ill." «he said to Elizabeth. "Ile has M nice lure and plenty ol' determination. He ap- pears lo me ipi ito like a gentleman. Elizabeth's eyes flew wide open. "A gentleman gardener," she said. "Yes, miss. A gentleman gardener. He is above his position. But he is proud. He objects to live in tlie lodge on my bounty, and cannot pay for lt. Now kindly begin to reaid. I thought you were never coming downstah-s again." Elizabeth shrugged her shoulders {ind opened1 a book. The nattie lay across the cover in neat gold letters-"Transcendental Physics." Mrs. Patterson sat back in her ohalr, put down her knitting, and folded her bands. Her mouth was set in hard lines andi puck- ers, and her eyes half shut and bard. Siie was about to enjoy herself immensely, and was perfectly smileless over it. Elizabeth took a chair that had come to bo regarded as ber own, and made herself com- fortable. If it had been twilight or mid- night she, too, would have enjoyed the read- ing, for it gave luxurious thrills and spinal shudders. She turned; over (the leaves rap-idly and; found a.'marked page- "We had got," ©he sa cl slowly and -consideringly-"AV© ¡had got past the time when the spirit walked up- stairs and knocked on the wall, hadn't we? Oh, yes; I remember." Mrs. Patterson nodded gravely. Sb© rarely spoke to break the mysticism of these, readings. "During the first sitting in which I took part," read Elizabeth, "and which was held in a dim light, a hand was formed above the small table which was covered with a cloth, and afterwards canne out from under tl>.e cloth, remaining above tho table some m imites, and, gently moving, touched those who incliued themselves towards lt." "Again," read Elizabeth, "these facts con- vince us of tho necessity of widening the domain of recognised science and its methods and means for 'the exploration of the invisible and unknown world-, of tbe existence of which we have in our hearts from childhood so clear, so simple, and so warm a presentiment." She stopped. It was a very long pause this time. "Ah!" said her aunt sharply. "Go ou. 'So warm a presentiment-' Go on." "It is tile end of the chapter," said Eliza- beth. "Ali! Show me. You're sure you didn't cheat me, Elizabeth?" "1 read every word." "Well, it was aboimiuably short. I wish I'd never given you that promise about one chapter a day! We might bave that one over again, though." "Why, no," said Elizabeth, putting the book aside, "that would be a compromise. Now, are you ready?" She opened another book. This time Emerson's Essays. "We finished 'Dove' yesterday," she said. "To-day it's 'Friendship.' There's a verse at ¡the head, hut, as you don't like poetry, we'll skip it." "1 consider that phenomenon of the hand, Elizabeth," said Mrs. Patterson, "proof suf- ficient of the spirit world around us. lt was wonderfùl." "Friendship." She read, "We have -a great deal moro kindness than is ever spoken of. . Maugre all the-" "Next week, Elizabeth, we will go to Mrs. Potter's seance. Next Wednesday evening." "Yes. 'Maugre all tho selfishness that chills like east wiuds tho world, the wliolo human family is bathed with an element of love like fine ether.' " Elizabeth's voice was steady, and her face grave and interested'. It was useless to discuss tlio movements of unattached hands and throbbing table-tops with her, the wan- derings of suddenly materialised spirits and the mysteries of slate writings. She had left the spiritual world of appari- tions and ghost voices for the ideal one of friendship. ' She read well, in a delightfully modulated voice, full of interest and sympav thy, for she had an admiring affection for. Emerson. By and bye lier aunt forgot to think of transcendental wonders. She went along a more ordinary and a healthy level with Elizabeth. She continued knitting, but she watched thy earnest girlish face frequently, and when the pauses came, lu which they dis- cussed tlie previously read, she had much to say. Nevertheless when lunch time cairne, and Elizabeth closed her book, she remembered her beloved mysteries again. "You may say what you like, Elizabeth," she remarked; "but last night, after I had been in bed about an hour, I distinctly saw a shadow pass across the bed foot." "I think," Elizabeth replied, gravely, "I shall soon bind you down to a promise of only a. chapter a week." lier aunt shook lier hoad vigorously. "No." she said. "I'll never promise that. You took me in a weak moment before, «nd I've regretted it often. Bub I've never broken a promise to you, yon say, and-" Elizabeth's arms met round her nock sud- denly. "Did you get frightened last, night?" she said, with her fresh young 'mouth on the withered cheek. "I know how it was. You were ia lone, and you were gazing Madame Blavatsky and thinking of mediums." For one second Mrs. Patterson let tho arms stay where they were, for one second »lie half returned the caress; then she mov- ed her shoulders, and pushed tibe girl away. "I wonder," she said, "whether Ada re- membered to make that fruit «alad for lunch. You might run and ask her, Eliza- beth." (To be continued.) 