THE GHOST IN~ THE- CAE. A Fantastic Tale. It "-as past ; the citv streets were deserted and it was time to go home. So thought cabby a$o. 11, shiver* ing in his rusty overcoat. He had watched the eiectric light on the corner until its ring of rainbow needles seemed to stab his eyes and the big shadows on the street^ Delow it to shake with the cold. " Xot a fare this whole blasted nisht!" he muttered, reaching down and pullini the blanket from his horse. As he did so, he felt the carriage <rive a great jar on its springs. He ""turned quickly; some one had fluus himself into the Beat behind him. " What do you want ? " said the cabby, ! roughly. There was a pause—then a voice came throngh the darkness, thick and uasfcv as " gurgle of black oil: " Drive , me to Judas TOthers's, and in the name of heaven, drive fast! " *-* Judas Withers has been dead and his soul with the devil this many a year," answered the cabman, staring behind Mm. " The house still stands, but I have lost my way. Go on, you fool I " The figure reached over, and catching the whip from its place, gave the horse a lash.^ The old beast plunged forward hanging and rattling down the street, while the cursing cabman tried to clutch fit the reins; but a hand, chillv and dinging as the belly of a snake, fastened on his wrist, and the thick voice came close to his ear; "how—will you show me my way ? " JEhe driver sank into his place again, while the old cab rocked like a ship. On they rushed, past closed stores and lampless blocks of houses, now ripping and wrenching across the car-tracks, and now swinging along the deserted road, on and on, until the pavements had been left behind and the frost looked back from the ruts like a million little green eyes. At last came the command, 1L Stop ! I see it now," and the next instant the cab was empty. "My fere!" jelled the cabman, leap ing down. There -vras-no answer. He looted about him. It was very dart where he stood, ont the waning moon, with its gnawed and crumbled edges, bung on a line with the fir tops. Before him rose a vague blackness, the honse of Judas Withers, tenantless hut for the old wife, who still clung like some pale lichen to its mouldering stones. Berhaps she, too was dead. The cabby did not know. He did know, though, that Judas "Withers I had been a miserly carcase, grudging the very skin that hung his bones together. The house stood back from the road and was surrounded by a garden, now lying gray and lonesome under the) moon. As the cabby peered toward it he saw the figure of a man come into the moonshine.^ It sprang across the open space in soft leaps, like a great black bubble, its every movement full of a dreadrul vitality—then it was gone* A g the driver himself turned to go, he saw a tiny red spark fiashout from the house before him. and one after the other the windows on the lower fioor glowed red as a crawling blotch of sparkles will eat across soot." The man was. there—the man who owed, him money !—and all fear fled but tne fear of loss. The cabby tied his horse and v,-ent creeping up the nath under cover of the hedges. -"When he reachea the house, hp raised himself gcnuy uiid looked in at oue of the windows. Before him lay an emntv roorn. On the floor, thrown from *a window opposite, was a great checkered flag of moonlight—nothing more, no thing but those blue squares in the darkness. Suddenly the cabman ducked his head, for he saw that a man had glided into the room. He carried a candle high above his head, arid his great pale face was bloated and loose as a curd. The cabman crouched low. A gust of wind set the fir-trees whispering, and a shutter slammed far away in the house. "Guess I'll get "out of" this," he mut tered, rising. But he did nor go, for the figure that stood in the candle-light had turned its back to the -Tvindow* and was digging among the bricks, ripping-and scratching like a leopard, while bis lou~ sbadovv clayed 011 the ceiling- above Mm" Thief! ' said the cabman,, between bis teeth, pressing his ear to the broken panes. " There is treasure hidden there perhaps gold, perhaps " Just then trie man inside gave a jovfal grunt He lifted an iron "bos from the hole he nad been digging. There was no key 111 the lock, but at-his touch the cover flew open and out poured the contents— blue, green, and gold, like a glitterin°" rnsh of water broken beneath the sun. = The cabby's heart stopped beatin«-. "Diamonds! " be cried, softly; then he grasped at the window-ledge, for the creature gave a howl of anguish. "Good God! they give no Ifrht" Ana the echoes chattered back "Ho l->ht' no light!" ' ° There was a long silence. The huddle on the fioor rocked to and fro, his race buried in his thru hands. The moon had sunk .and the sky was clear as dark glass. A cock crowed somewhere in the east. At that sound the wretched figure raised its head. Opposite him was a door with a fail shaped transom over it, and, as he looked it grew gray and then ro<y. Someone was coming; now even the cabman could hear the light creak of steps. Nearer they came, nearer; the door opened, and a little figure peeped into the room—the little" figure of a woman, shrivelled and very old. . man by the fire-place sprang up. As the woman's eyes met that ghastly face, she gave a cry. " Jndas!" she screamed. "Judas!" Then she tottered and slid in a heap at his feet. He kicked at her, bat she only lay there, gibbering, ""What do you want ? "What do you want ? " j At last he answered her. . It was black; it choked me-—it was | so aark ! oh, - so-dark! ' I have come ' back for the light tbev promised -me. j They said I should find it here—that' without it my soul will be blind—blind ! Do you hear me ? Help me find it! As you were my wife, help me find it! " The woman erawled to her knees, her eyes raised to his, and the terrified 'cab man, watching through the window, saw that the kerchief folded across her bosom was bright, as'ifa lamp glowed behind it. The other man saw it, too. and his white claws shot out, bnryiug themselves in her breast. - "When he had finished, he held in his .stained and dripping hands the woman's heart. It quivered, like the bruised huinau thing it was. but the light shining. from it never wavered, lighting the hollow of the man's hand and' the hollow of the great room ; his face and bis loose, white lips smiling widely and the pit of his throat, that was black as the, gate of' hell ; lighting, t- >0, the frttnihled,- trampled body and the' star-dust of spoiled diamonds. He paused an instant—he whose name was that of the dead—then he turned and bounded toward the wiudow. There was a smash of glass, and the cabman felt those_smeared fingers at his own neck. " b ow take me back were I came from. Be quick, or else " " He did not finish : his threit. The cabby gave a sic-k gulp, as if his j throat were full of paste, then lie was ! | dragged over the ground aud flung into j ! the seat of his cab. The creature sprang j after hin>. grinding him against the dash- j ! board with its bony knees, where the poor ' I cabby clung, frantic with terror as they j ! fieci, pounded, flew, down the road. * : [ "When the cabman opened his eyes ! ' there was a great burst of sun- ; *'- .. ^ Ab9re his head shone the heavens, • some. --rre of a sapphire, and far I deep as tee o . ^ j,j-e baze f ' away he could of smoke, i cat}* sfrcnkea with «ray XJ. - _ , 1 In the grass lay Ids shattered a,V* , high over his head, its pearly summit seeming plunged in the eternal azure. : rose a marble shaft. On it were carved these words: " To Judas "Withers. Erected by his loving wife." The letters were of gold, but the morning sun had touched them into words of lire. 