SPORTING. SPORTING NOTES. [By TAP.QUIX.] Fiom a financial point of view the Eirthdav Meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club must have been gratifving ill the extreme. The totalizator investment s were tho heaviest on reeord. while the gate receipts were considerably in excess of those received at the samo fixLurc twelve months a^u. YVhc:n we come to think seriously the wonder is where did tho £50.000 for the iiiaeliice come from. For the Onkanaringa, S.A.J.C., and A.R.C. Meetings no ic^s than £110,000 has been put through the toLalizator, and yet there i.re to b3 ,<uij j o,v:u.r.N ana others who still m^ml'.i.ni ihat tins form of betting is not Dsseutial to the interests of the sport- With those holding that opinion tile matter is really not worth discussing. Where v.-ould liorseracmg be 111 Soutn Australia to-day without the machine'.' I know that this is a t|i:e.^'Liun that IKLS beon asked .--nil wer.; i a^in and ag^iu oi laLe, but il e^iinot in- submitted too often to e-ouviuce the opponents of the totalizator that tiiey arj knowing their heads tip .".gainst a stone w.ill i.i persistently objecting to it. It has been said that the commissi on taken by the. clubs is t-oo heavy, but the complaints in this directii.,;i have been eery few, and aiter all who is there to , T h e owners reeeive mere&sod; stakes, while the public derive a direct beienit m the shape of extra accoaimoiation, improveinents, &c.;, all of which tend to make the sport more enjoyable, a^s well tus assisting to piiccit on a firmer footing. The Comuiittecof the A.R.C. have already made t:ie Oid Adelaide Racecourse one of the best cour3es m AustraJia, and tiiey promise that at no distant d;.*.e they will incur additional e^'perulit'ere m the interests of thej: - patrons. Mr. Heseltme and his staff never worked harucr than tiiey did this autumn, and they have tho satisfaction of knowing that their e.'iorts were duly appreciated. The two loading clubs ara indeed fortunate in possessing two gentleiiien sueii as Massrs. Wnitington and Hessitine for their respective Secretaries. The racing o:i Saturday did not suffer in comparison with that with which we wero favoured on the opening two days. On tho contrary the interest in it appeared to be koener. The club acted wisely in fixing the last race a quarter of an hour earlier, arid wo may now take it for granted that the same time will be observed ne.t year. One oi the greatest lights of the meeting was spoilt on the first Saturday through its being recorded m the dark. The favourites in the Disposal Stake3 cut up badly, and the moderate Fair Saxon woa pretty comfortably at the finish from Gerciaine. Every one was pleased to seo Mr. Pile's colours to thu fore on Havelock in the Hurdle Race, but at the same timo Floodbird ought undoubtedly to have scored. It was hard luck for Mr. lien wick that Barr, who, by-the-way, is a capable rider, should have been so coiuident. Floodbud has since been purchased by an Adelaide racing man, and he has gone into George Anderson":; stable. Goriiciake was seen at his best on the first day of the S.A.J.C. meeting. In spite of his additional weight he should have done bett-er on Saturday aad he been himself. Arctic was very prominent for a mile and a half, but Sholto would be benented by a speli. Mr. Ferry is very formidable again just now in the jumpui fr line, and it will not be long before Wirrawa is seen in the front. For a three-year-old he performed exceedingly well on Saturdaj-. While I thought Foliage would win the Marryatville Handicap I never dreamt he would have scored with such ridiculous ease. He and Tmstream had everything beaten two furlongs from home, and he silenced the opposition of the Turretfield mare in ttie most prfcnouncod manner. Tho way in which ho ieft Tmstream at tho distance must have astonished Gumane, who, when he saw thathshadno chance whatever of beating him, pulled the mare out of a place. One was not surprised at Foliage's success after his very prominent and consistent running right through the two meetings, and Mr. Wigley no doubt wishes now that Holmes had been on him in the City Handicap. To be only a head away from Homespun, who in turn was only beaten by a neck by Mostyn, was quite good enough form to warrant Foliage being backed for tno Marryatville Handicap, and had it not been for the Tinstream commission he would not have paid the dividend he did. Under S st. 13 lb. Tinsiream ran a good mare, and, notwithstanding sue has 9 st. 7 lb., she should win the Gawler Cup in the company she will meet on Saturday. Thunderer stayed the mile all right, but ho nover had a chauee with the winner, while Warpaint's performance under 10 st. o lb. was a very meritorious one. After his victory at Morphettvdle tho Steeplechase looked tho best of good things for Banjo with 10 st. 9 lb., and on Friday ni^ht if there had been any money at 2 to 1 offering it would have been snapped up. But the public are funny creatures oil a racecourse, and it only wants a well-circulated ruejeir to gain cu/vaney, in favour of anotjifr candidate for them to tumble over each other to cret on to it, in spite of the fact that its claims do not entitle it to support. Sacii Mas the ca^e last Saturday. As soon as the course was reached it was reported that The Actress could not miss the Steeplechase, and the inevitable result wa.s thai; those who liad come do*vn for the express surprise of backing Banjo invested ou the chestnut mare. The horses, however, had not gone very far on rueir journey before they must have repented their chauge of front, as The Actress was toiling along hopelessly beaten before hah' the distance had lieen traversed- Banjo won all right, after an interesting fight with old Strike, buL Sid Ferry had a little more up his sleeve, or else I am much nii3tal:;-;!. By - the - waj-, Mr. Ferry is not represented in the \ •{_('_ Grand National jumping double, i= was generally expected iie would have been. He went to the S.A.J.C. Otiiee to nominate Simulator and Biinjo, but found that -Mr. Wkitiiigtjii was not authorized to reoeive entries. He then telegraphed to Melbourne, but evidently he was too late. The aristocratic English punter who lias followed the scarlet jacket eufi black cap smee Mor phettville must hud a pretty good time, and rumour has it that Mr. Ferry has participated m the proceeds of the boodle. Both owner a^id backer deserved their success, as less than 10 to ] was a short price to accept about Simulator and Banjo when the former's chance IU the xiurdle Ka.ee did not look ariv too rosy en pap-ji. I understand that Mr. Ferry was offered a tempting price for Banjo before the Steeplechase, bat lie refused it. (jy the-by, a Steward was pasted at each fence in Saturday's race. Though Confidence will never again lye the Contidenco of old, he ought to place another steeplechase io the credit of Mr. 1'ile before he is allowed to leive tho £ur. : , wiiile YVilpeau, up to two miles and a half, shaped as well s anything. After his display in the Birthday Cup, one could not help pickmg Lord Greiiville for the A.i'.C. Handicap, but either Hi::l:oy did not handle bun with mlginent, or else the l»orse found the pace too warm for him. The latter will probably be. found to be the more i-orrect solution of the matter, as the full distance, was traversed m ;>rnui. n sec., and the last mile and a half in 2 miii- 37^ sec. When it is mentioned that the fastest time for a mile and threequarccrs m Australia is o mm. 3 sec., some idea will be gt-ined of the rate at which Treutharn made play, and at which The Merry Boy and Acton c^me home when he failed. A dividend of £9 4;. was what thu suTrpoi- fcers of The Merry Boy received, and Mr. Cook's success wa. - as popular a.; any achieved by che visiting contingent. The owner of The Harvester, though a bitter opponent to the tot^l lui^ir. has of late paid us a vi.-it regdlarly in the autumn, and no one is moro welcome , he. He is the liest of company, and you rto.i never beat him in ,U1 argument. He is always right, no matter w'j.it evidence is submitted to the contrary. He se-ys if the newspapers would only rmblish ins letters in full without any footnote.-, lie wou'd cjme out on top. but thee tlu;/ won't always do sn. Broken Hill <juile failed to run up to his gallop on tiie traek, but Xackara finished a L^ood fonrtii. which is saving something in hi\ I.TOIIU- considering the time. The Ro;r Park K:indie:i.p virlu.illy -.von by ivor.m from start to finish, young Morrison keeping him hard at it :v.l the way ::nl i,;-1 spying home. Another few yards, however, and Ca:iion I -.Timid have lUshetl p."--'t him. As it was it TO \ luelcv for backers of the English-bred colt I that" Canton did not get, clear earlier. The that he ina'ie was one of the most bri]- , t.'vei witnessed on a :aceeourse. and 'ident that lie was second. Power, on M nrryiiLviile. ire that he a. placed, . lie seen Mr. Barker had a very ubucuit finish to settle. From t'ne Press boi; I should have placed them differently, but that is very different to beinp m the Judge's bo\\. and after all f would sooner back Mr. Brrker to oe current than any of tho lads riding or :.uv onlookers. The t loso and exciting iimshes reflected gre:-.t credit on tho Handieapper. When tin weights are fust issued Mr. Hu>hes is about the worst abused man lti ?.porLm£ cir, generally <'iisure Iar^< 3.71(1 what O.'lll The 'e~, but his productions field ; .ind capital racing, a h, L:br\\->ppei' du? He i T .vill keut rolling un Saturday. .To-K;,- Cluij huld rhjnclient acceptances wr.vr, O.'•.•!•:.- I'jkiiv^iiam oil Wi'^.r.es'.lnv -,d v\m!-'. the s. i "•ial trains wliic-ii urn to li> to «s-.v!rr :t-e MI-.- U, 1:.: ami;;:; will lj<? o.jei;.^ -.^h the Hurdle Race, and four out of the nine have chances. Benecia Boy has 14 lb. more to carry thaai when he ran second to Corncrake ac Morphettville, and taking a lino through Corncrake's latest performances his proapecLs do not appear too rosy. Nevertheless he will Oo there or thereabout^. Arctic ha^ been penalized 7 lb. on what he had in the A.R.C. Second Hurdle Race, but the distance will suit him better, and whatever beats him •will win. Gipsy Queen and Encounter will both have friondp, but with an advantage of 13 lb. in her favour the mare should turn the tables upon the northern gelding. I>accarat will, however, beat the pair if she runs as well isshedidin the A.R.C. First Hurdle Race. The places should be filled by Arctic, Benecia Boy, and Baccarat, and tiiey may run as nainod. la the Flying Handicap of six furlongs, Pitchery looks like winning from Alveary and Fortunate. Cataract has been jumped 21 lb. for winning the Soiling Steeplechase on tile Old Course, but he scored so easily that perhaps it is not too much. Confidence has gone up 7 lb. and MailLioy 4 lb., and of the pair the grey is to be preferred. Satisfactory reports are to hand of The Ghost, who hails from Broken Hill, and who ran third to Wallace and "The Count m the Hurdle Race there on New Year's Day, but 1 would sooner rely upon Reckless, who mav be benefited by the reverse going. Juliet, ioucg Lucifer, Paraell, and Sir George help to make up the field, but Canfidcnce may win from Reckless and Cataract. With ali her weight I like Tinstrcam. in the Gawler Cup, with Nackara and Pitchery as her most dangerous opponents, while Danbydaic ought to win the 'Irial Stakes from Germaine. The day's sport will lie concluded with tha Kvanston Handicap, which may fall to Fortunate or Bernice, with Rosed ale as the next best. The excitement ax Epsom Downs on Wednesday must have been intense when Persimmon, owned by the Prince of Wales, won the Kngliah Derby. The cable announces that a iiurricaue of cheers greeted the Prince, which lasted for a quarter of au hour. The iVouconformists may hive been shocked, but right through England the victory of His Royal Highness will have been received with the greatest enthu£i?^m. For the Blue Ribband to have fallen first to the Prime Minister of England and then to the Heir \- Apparent to the Throne is unparalleled in the annals of the rurf, and wiii do more to maintain the strongest interest in it than anything else that could possibly have occurred. Until twelve months ago the horses raced by the Prince of Wales were not of the highest order—in fact, tiiey may have been described as very moderule. bet last year Persimmon arid tlori^el II. brought him into prominence. Thank-S mainly to thus pair he vrou ;n stakes some £S,<J0l) odd", and now he hardly seems to be aole to ;-r> wrong. Last month he foila\\.-ed up llis successes by a ppropriating hia first classic race in the One Thousand Guinea Stake?., which fell to his lot through the agcncy of his filly Thais. Now tiie cable announces that, he has annexed the Derby with Persimmon, a b^y cjli by the famous St. Simon, from Perdita if. The struggle must have been a grand cue between the pair as tliey drew out from their oppjnents at tho distance and fought out a bitter finisix, Persimmon ouly gaining the Judge's verdict by a neck. St. Frus- (juin would ap;;ear to have bseu soitev,"hat unlucky, as Loates, his rider, broke his stirrupleather m the final set-to. Record time was made for the race, the mile ar.d a half being cut out m 2 min. 42 .^c., or a second quicker than Isinglass and others are credited with having tiaver.-4ed it- As a t'.vu-year-old Persimmon, who is a brother to l:'lorizel 11., won the Coventry Stakes at Ascot and the Richmond Stakus at Goodwood, while he rail third to St. Fmsquin in the Middle Park Plate. On the last-named occasion, however, it was considered by iiiciiy that the running in regard to St. Frusquin and Persimmon not quite corrjct. The Prince of Wale's colt had l>een couching for same days befure the race, and it was thought that he had hardly met his opponents on even terms. Interest was then attached to what under ordinary circumstances would have been his next encounter of note with St. Frusqum in the Trv'i Tiiousajid Guinea, but to ihj tiis.-'.ppoizitment of ali ii2 was voted not to lie forward enough, and lie was withdrawn from that racc morn than a we?k before. It, was deemed wiser to reserve him for the Dcr'ov rather than run him thera. He has all alotic; b- ou fancied for the big event decided on Wednesday, ar.d for sodie time past lias ranked a^ second favourite. St. Frusquin, who startc-d at odds oil. was the 'oest two-year-old of and he gave every promise of winning the Derby through sco;-i_ig in the Two Thousand Guineas at the end of April, It may be mentioned that St. Frunqiiin was the first St. Simon colt to win a " classic" race. Among the races he annexed as a two-year-old were the Royal Two-year-old Plate at Ivempion Park, the Sandnagli3.ui Gold Cup at tSandown Park, the Newmarket Chesterfield Stakes, the Middle Park Plate, and the Dewhurst Plate at Newmarket. He sustained his only defeat 111 the Imperial Produce Stakes at Xcmpton Park, when he failed to present 12 lb. to Teufel, and was defeated by half a length. In the Middle Park Plate he won cleverly from Oniladina, with Persimmon a bad third. This season he made a first appiarauic ill the Coli.mil Produce Stakes at the Newmarket Craven Mia?ting, having nothing much to beat. Earwig, who finished third, ran second at the end of April to Mr. Rothschild's colt Gulistan iu the Hastings Plate. An advertisement in this week's Observer notifies that entries for the Caulfield Grand Nations! Hurdle- Kacc and Steeplechase are due on Monday, Juno 15, at 4 o.m. The Hurdle Race is worth OOOsovs. and the Steeplechase 1.M00 tovs., 111 which the winner gets 1,0*10 sovs. Mr. Wilitington will receive the Adelaide nominations. vies;!-?. E?. 'kcr V Cornelius report having sold tin; biy yen.rh'ng gelding by The Englishman from Spiicch to a patron of C. Foon's sta'il,-. On account of Mr. S. A. White tho same tlr.n have disnosed of Uesjent, Recoup, and t-.vo yeiHrhn^ by Clonard from Footprint and Oaysotn respectively to a patron of G. Lawson's stable. Tii> weights for the S.A.J.C. Accession Meeting will ba declared by Mr. Hughes ou Monday. Tie Parr Augusta Racing C.'ub intend making their July nceting oue of the most successful ever held. The committee have, re'.aid two-thirds of the tiack, making the running exceptionally good, and have pruvided ad btioual imnrovenients for tho ac:eommova imu of the public. It is expected that the r.t art' ng - in a cl. i n»; will bft iv-od. Nominating for the me -tn;^ eluse on -June 111. In this ino;niii;;"s /.'• r/iXr.r 'will found t"..i programme fov the Coolgardie Racing Club Meeting to be held at Coolgardic on August 7 and b. The bill-oi'-fare includes the Cool gardieCiip, r,; :'.']i| f.,vf., the distance being a 1 ;:r.le : :, - ' e N 'i IT:* ,rr,a - ' • v, • • ? •/ given of the atLte when the eutries close. L 