BREVITIES. Many of the Matabele rebels are dying from dysentery. Sir Frederick Oarrington has decided to attack Matoppo within a fortnight. Two trains at Logan, Iowa, America, collided , 'and 27 persons were killed and 61 Injured, Four officials who had charge ot the festivities' at the C Ear's coronation have been committed for trial in connection with the disaster which occurred at that time. Professor,- Ernst Curtius, an author of several works on Greek antiquities, Ib dead, aged 82. * The Australian ship Siren baa collided with H.M.8. Landrail off the English coast. The S^ren, which had a valuable cargo .on. board, sank in a tew minutes. The crew \re re saved. ? Sir AugustuB Berkeley Paget Is dead, aged 7S. Deceased held a number of positions in Connection with the Imperial Government. The American gold reserve has fallen nearly one million dollars owing to the aetlon of the sllverites at the Democratic Convention. The resolution preventing Roman Catholics from holding public positions in the South African Bepublic has been rescinded. : It is stated that an amnesty . has been offered to 26 prominent Matabele chiefs on oondition that they yield before August 10. The settlera are indignant at the action. MIbb Bertha Roasow,the Victorian vocalist, has won a valuable piano in a competition at the International Music Trades Exhibi tion, The Emperor of Austria intends to visit the King of Roumanla shortly. The lately discovered goldflelds in the Orange Free State promise to rival the valuable mines in the Transvaal. The Alliance Exploring and Finance Com pany of New Zealand is issuing shares to the value of £100,000. Mr Wilfred Laurier, leader of the new party in the Canadian Parliament, promises to promote Canadian and Imperial inter ests. The French Chamber of Deputies has been prorogued. Owing to the opposition shown, the Cabinet has deferred any new taxation. In consequence of the dccline in the gold reserve, the American Treasury fears that an issue of bonda will be neccasary. Several plots arranged by the Nihilists against the Csar have been discovered at St. Petersburg. Many officials suspectcd of being con nected with the Nihilists have been ar rested. _ Cholera continues to rage In Upper Egypt. Nine ' thousand three hundred and fifty deathB have occurred from the disease. The Ivanhoe Consols Proprietary is issuing shares to the value of £82,000. The weights for tho Caulfield Grand National were declared at Melbourne yes terday. A majority- of the Newcastle lodges show a disposition to accept the owners' proposal. The younger miners are still bitter against the masters. The miners' decision will not be known Until the ballot is taken. Three thousand two hundred and ninety* six sbeep were offered at the Sydney Bales last wees, and realised £81,828. Archbishop Redwood has left Auckland to visit Rome. Proposals are being considered for the admission of colonial solicitors to English courts. The Mutual Permanent Investment and Building 6ociety has declared a dividend of Is per Bhareper quarter in Class A, and the lame proportion in Class B. This means 7 per cent, on their shareB to permanent shareholders, George Hancock was fined 10s and coBts at the Police Court yesterday for disturbing the peace. Emily Foster was charged with, having stolen a pair of stays, and was sentenced to two months in goal. The Customs returns at Hobart last week totalled £2688, compared with £1839 for the corresponding week of last year, A number of men are daily visiting the Pablic Works Department, Hobart, in search of work. Joseph Oracknell, a resident of Queen borongh, cut off the joint of hie little finger while chopping wood yesterday. At the Hobart Police Court yesterday a girl was fined 6s for being drunk and dis orderly. The supplier of the liquor is to be prosecuted. The Hobart ' ghost' is still in evidence. It was rumored yesterday tnat it had been captured, but this was untrue. The policemen have been offered a re ward for the arrest of the impersonator by the City Council. Emily Foster was sentenced to three months' Imprisonment yesterday afternoon for shop-lifting, the sentence to be cumu lative on that awardod to her in the morn ing. At a meeting convcnod by the Mayor yesterday it was decided to establish an Arbor Day iu Launccston. A day is to bo fixed shortly when the . sohool children will take part in tree plant ing* It was also decided to form an Ornamental Tree-planting Association. Wednesday, the 22nd inst., has been pro claimed a bank holiday at Lannceston from noon. The public officcs will also be closed from that hour. On Wednesday afternoon two women were arrested on a charge of stealing from the Bbop and concealing silks under their mantles. Tho names of the persons ate Maud Allanoah and Ellen Hambler, A fire on Wednesday morning gutted Vo. 889 and 887 Parramatta-road, Leichardt (N.S.W.), used as a boot factory by W. G. French. The contents, which were prac tically destroyed, were insured tor £1972 in the National Insurance Company. The inquest on Walter Ueld, who died after an amputation, rendered neccssary by being run over by a railway truck at the Proprietary mine on J une 1 2, was considered at Broken Hill on Wednesday. Evidence was given by dcccased'a brother that the brake was defective and would not stop the truck. A verdict of accidental deatb, with no blame attachable to anyone, was returned. 