OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (From Our Correspondent). THE UXEXPLOYBD DIFFICULTY. Tlio unemployed dituoulty is again strongly in-ovidenco. Tbo deputation of the Surplaa Lttbor Leaguo which waited upon tho Proinier the other duy gave but an inadequate idea of the extent of tho destitution which prevails. The faut that the numbers of tha unfnrtunuto ont-of-works aro being slowly lessonixl doei not dtmuiiaii the inbscr* of thoso who reirmin, nor tlie commeroiitl (feproseiou which noces^arily flows from so large a number of perxons being out of employmeut aud deponaent upon charity. Tbo winter now is jetting in in earncot. Tha piercing wind and cold rain makes iho ' bag huts ' & ' very uncomfortable shelter, and tho apponr auceof the shivoring hulf- starvcd unfortu nates is miserable in tho extreme. A large section of tho peoplo is suffering eevorely, and is deteriorating both physically, and morally by reason of its compulsory idleness and con sequent privations. LAMD tENUEfi. One sign of tho times which 'can hardly fail to attract tbo attention of tha observant is the increasing difficulty experienced in getting through Parliament any project which involves tho alionation of land. Thero was a great ueal mora trouble over giving a North Shoro bridgo nyndioato land for approaches, or what in tho same thing powor to acquire it, than there waa over giving power to construct tho bridge. Tho samo difficulty occurred with tho bill for construct ing tho Capertso train line. If alionation is to bo tabooed,' somo virtually acouro form of tenure will havo to be deviled, othsrvriso it will not bo worth anybody*® whilo to lav out hia capital in improvementa. I don t know whether there is any troth in it, bat it is said that a measure is to bo bronght is to AU-p the sale of tho six by two allotment* in oetoetcric* for fear somo of tho raidenta might get unduly rich by unearned incre ment 1 MUHicapAt. Lioimno. The labor members are getting more reaAonablo which is a bopoful sign. Thoro lit no roason to bcuova.that their opposition will bo given factiorisly to works which pri vate enterprise is willing to ,*arry out. At presont tuo greater part of tbe population depend upon tho activity of private- 'iTntor- prise, either aa principal* or subordinQtj^for, their living. To hamper privatoantcp^rlso without being in a position-, t? pUpfiy.^V' other motive power in its^t^dj.wt&ff; poHionately increg»o4^^^M^*lant sTaWiy tion and dutrcM^k^tHfoy which npo^lr^V Incendiarioj^Voald jwnfltioni^ All the'aame, thn loKr#«nanSftrrt mnth^reliovod tn find that tho Ci*y^',Ceuncil proj^oso to undertake the ygbtlfi^tth^clty, and that tho companies and- synditfateff fpr thV. present at any rate, atO Ottt of'it. ' ?* 1113 »EWCAHTLB rtatijK. Both sides appear very stubborn and there b at present not - tbo slighteaf kppearunco of any termination of tho difficulty. Tlio daily papers which *o pers latently ptophccicd that tho trouble would bo of only brief duration word evidently woofully mieinformed. Victory is most likely to fall to tho peoplo witb tho longest purse, .but, oa appearances go nt pro aant, tbero will bo a long and dogged struggle. Tho Government aro informally doing what thoy can to bring about a recon ciliation, but it rannot bo said so far that thoir efforts have been crowned with rnuoh promise of nuccesa. TUB TO ZEE INCIDENT. ; Tho momentous question whother a mau should ioiifit on anothor going where bo ia not warited, and wboro ho does not wish to gd, Jiaa received a littlo more elucidation. It appears that it waa because whon Mr Thoma* tjho-nit'mbcr for Alma, waa in Queensland. h.» ?reoelvcd so much attention from Mr Ti/jiui'. j or hin colloaguea, that Mr Tprer on hls recent , vilit to tbo souui reectved so mue aKcniuin from tho'labor raambew of Broken ;H111. Mr Thomaa gave bia version in Parliament tho other uight, and ho also gave hia opinion of Mr Tozer. Ho said that when be waa In Queensland collecting caeb for tho Broken H1U strike, although even tho press declared that bia speeches wero exceedingly moderate, Mr Tiuer had aent a mounted trooper to follow hira wberovor ho went I Ho . could well undnratand that Mr Tozcr feh hurt at. -whAthtt:Kj5drdod ua an iuault to his colony, but hd,[Mr Thomaa) had folt juat as sore and hurt and Mttor nttho insult put on him. Ho regarded the Quconsland Governmeut aa tho most unjust and oruol tbot over atUmpted to gpverp. ^ fyc-) oountry J So there J No .s* ' . wondrr tho Couritr eays that Mr Reid should huvo compolled tbo labor men to invito Mr Tozer. They never would have invitod him ' on any other terms. It peeroa to mo thai 1 thcro if* a remarkably bud timo brewing for! some folkn in Queensland bk soon aa lChiK Demos goU tip and ahokra himsolf— suppos- , in^ that in to say that his many headed I majesty in imbued with Mr Hioma*'# ideas. ! tub csxB.rr WDusmt. The nowly-boni oemcnt manufacture of Now Sooth Walea haa given op tho ghost. Goodlet and Smith, who havo been strugg ling along for somo timo,' aay that the aboli tion of tho doty has compollcd them to givo it best. Thoro may bo aomo advantage in these dislocations of industry which demanded leginlution to bring thom about, but' I munt confess it ia diffioult to dotect thom with tho naked eyo. Howevor, a hot diHOU*sion hua sprang np.ovor tho aabvs of the ^en^ent in duitry'. jir D. O'Reilly, M.P. has' rushod hotly into, th'o.breaoH to dcclaw that the in dustry is no losa inasmuch aa the m6n were only paid Gld an hour, and had Us work in an unhealthy dtut-laden atmosphere. To him retorta Mr Goodlet that the wages he paid wero 200 per cent higher thfln tho wares paid bv German cement -maker*. That the same fact can ba statod in aach different terms is a curiously fino illustration of ' tho claaa of rhbtono which 1* employed in political controversy. Tho coraont industry haa cpllapeod, not aololy from the removal of tho duty but from the phenomenal decline which £as taken plaeo iri froighta and in tbo fi»t cojt of tho imported articlo. iois dean s DrvouqB. Mrs Dean is to get her dii;orco... Hor.pro clous husband havis^ b«en sentenced to, death for attempting^to. aqrder horj .aho is legally, as well as morally; entitlod to bo ro loa9»a from him by aaoremcrcifal Bavsranoo' than that whio^ ho intended father. - Judge : Simpson wa* doubtful whether .tho pardon, granted to Dean, would, tako away Mrs Doan's right, but tho Full Court havo de cidod in hor favor. Would thero not, how ever, have been a decided caso of hardship, if pcan had beon really innocent? 