FARLMEiTFofTASMiÀ, \--.? HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, July" 9, 18s. i The SPEAKER (Hon. B S. Bird) took the chair at 735 o'clock PETITION. I Mr V7. T H. BROWN presented a bell I tion from some ratepayers and residents of Campbell Town praying for a more equitable municipal franchise for that and other municipal districts; that all male ratepayers of 21 years of age should have a vote, and not anyone a greater number of votes than three He said there were 42 names attached to the petition, but 33 were afforded, so he must ask that the petition be received with eight signatures only The petition was read and received. THE GHOST. Dr. GROWTH 'It asked the Attorney-General if it was his intention to take any special steps to secure the party or parties causing much fear and anxie y amongst the youthful portion of the people of Hobart and suburbs, seeing that ordinary methods have failed to cope with the port He would like to say that he asked the question because he had already seen several exceedingly anxious cases which had arisen from this off at, and felt it was the bounden duty of the head of the Law and Police Depart- ment - the Attorney General to take some steps to investigate, and try and put an end to this I recious nuisance (Hear, hear) He wished to state, on behalf of a numerous body of people, that abject fear was created "among the young folk, and it did a great deal of mischief to children and young women He trusted that the matter would not be treated lightly, but considered most seriously A MEMBER have a shot at the ghost The PREMIER (Sir Edward Braddon), replying on behalf of the Attorney-General, said the matter was one that came within the cognisance of the Superintendent of Police of Hobart, who is under the control of the Muncipaluv and Council of the city. Mr. DAVIES The matter has already been attended to Mr OUI P What about Queenborough a Dr CROWTHER Hear, hear ADDRESS-IN-REPLY PRESENTATION TO THE GOVERNOR The SPEAK His reported to the House that he had that day, in company with other members, waited on the Governor and presented to him the Address in Reply, when His Excellency was pleased to express his satisfaction with the same, and stated that he would have pleasure in conveying to Her Majesty through the Secretary of State all expressions of loyalty which the reply con tamed. (Hear, hear ) THE AGENT GENERAL SHIP. RETIREMENT OF USING HERBERT. The PREMIER said Before the Orders of the Day were called on he had to make a statement which seemed to be called for by reason of certain rumours in circulation with respect to the Agent-General He regretted to say that he had received a cable gram from Sir Robert Herbert which seemed to indicate the probability of his retiring from October 1 next. The cablegram was received in a somewhat mutilated form In it Sir Robert Herbert said state of health retaining appointment of Agent-General after October 1. Please apologise , Andrew Clark willing to afford assistance in July " He meant Sir Andrew Clark It had been known for some time that the health of the Agent-General had not been such as his friends desired, and that he had for some time per for mud the duties of his office with that ability which distinguishes him, very much more from a love of the work and anything that connected him with the colonies, rather than for any other reason, and at some great personal sacrifice to himself Sir Robert Herbert's services were so exceedingly valuable to the colony that he had yet hopes that Sir Robert's health would so improve as to permit of his changing his mind on the subject, and that he would continue to act after October next Therefore, at the present moment it could not be said that anything definite could be settled or would be settled until a letter had been received from Sir Robert Herbert (who stated that he was writing by the mail leaving on the same day as the cablegram was despatched), and he had discussed the matter with his colleagues. (Hear, hear ) SUPPLY. The SPEAKER formally read that portion of the Governor's speech which was specially addressed to the Assembly, where- upon it was agreed,-" That supply be granted to Her Majesty " The SPEAKER also announced that he had received a message from the Governor, recommending to the favourable consideration of the House the Estimates for 1897 and the Supplementary Estimates for 1895 and 1896 These were referred to Committee of Supply. PAPERS AND REPORTS. The TREASURER (Sir Philip Fysh) tabled the Hobart Marine Board's accounts for 1895, Regulations of the Post and Telegraph Departments, a statement re Local Inscribed Stock and Income Tax Act, report under the Patents and Trades Marks Act, new Marine Board by laws, Customs report for 1894 5, an explanatory statement as to supplementary estimates and ways and means, and an account of public loans and Financial Statement. These were ordered to be printed 