POLICE COURT—PORT ADELAIDE. SATURDAY, MAY lb. fBefore Mr. W. Johnstone. S.M.I _ John Youwj was charged with haviug stolen six eggs, valued at Is., aud six lemons, valued at (id., the property of Mrs. C. Todd, at Port Adelaide on May 10. A constable on Satur day morning saw the defendant go towards in formant's shop -window, aud afterwards he heard a crash. He noticed the defendant hand a companion something. He arrested the defendant, who on the way to the police station pulled some eggs out of his pocket and threw them on the footpath. At the station on being searched an egg and some lemons were found in his pockets. The constable said ; defendant was sober at the time. Defendant alleged that he was drunk. He pleaded guilty, and preferred to be tried by the S. At. Pined £2, in defauit 14 days' imprisonment. | James ^ Morris was charged by William ! S'ade with having stolen a cabbage, valued I at 3d., his property, at Port Adelaide, on Play lo. Informant, hearing a noise in his shop on Friday evening, went to see what was the cause. He saw defendant take the cabbage aud walk out with it. Informant caught him and gave him iucharge. Defendant consented to be tried by the fci.M. and pleaded guilty. Fined 20s.; in default seven days' imprison ment. " On Thursday evening several gentlemen, strangers to each other, entered one of the compartments of the Adelaide express at North Geeloug, and after the train had started," states the JJullarat Courier, "one of thorn drew attention to the fact that it was a 'non smoker,' and observed tiiat a clergyman, who sat quietly in one of the corners, might object to the use of tobacco. ' But,' added the sneaker, ' he probably would not object to them having a drink.' lie thereupon produced a flask and asked his companions to sample the quality of the whisky. Two or three of them did so, one or two declined, and the clergyman held out his hand as if desirous of a friendly sip. But to the astonishment of the rest lie flung the flask through the open window, and resumed his seat with a smile and a most provokingly contented look. When the train reached the Moorabool viaduct the late owner of the flask suddenly seized the gold-1 rimmed spectacles which rosted across the nose of the reverend gentleman and threw them to the bottom of the gully, observing! 'The whisky cost me nothing, but it will cost you something to replace your spectacles.' A silence fell upon the whole compartment and everyone retired within his own thoughts. Somewhere in the neighborhood of Lethhridge, so the story goes, the train slowed down some what and the occupants of the carriage eugaged in conversation, the excitement of the incident of a few minutes before having sub sided. But one of them happening to turn round, to his unutterable surprise, not to say horror, found that the clergyman had disap peared. Who he was, or how he left the train, they don't pretend to know, though one of tliem sagely believes that he went to look after his spectacles." "One night last week," writes the Mount Bxrkcr Courier of Friday, "while wending his way from Woodsido to his country seat, a local poet, who lias had the honor of having a jubilee ode acknowledged by the Queen, was astounded to behold a vision in white aproacli ing him from the Wesieyan Cemetery. As it drew uncomfortably near ho made frantic dashes at the figure with his stick, all of which seemed to pass, as it were, into nothingness. Next came the ' sepulchral tone' business, but just then the ghost collapsed, having inadver tently hovered too near a deep gutter, ana a sheet rolled off, disclosing something decidedly human. The poet sprang forward like a tiger and got two or three good blows in, while the ghost, snatching up his raiment, incontinently fled. The most distressing part of the occur rence is that it will form a new theme on which to ' build' another poem." 