The Advertiser. POOLISHED EERTY TUESDAY, TIIUeSDAY AND SATURDAY MIONINoG. Bairnsdale, 27hrsday, S&pteamer; 17, 1898. TaE main features of the Constitu tion Act Amendment Bill are the abolition of plural voting and the admission of women to thebo franchise. The opinion of thbo country appears to be in favor of adult females having a voice in tho making of the laws by which they are governed, and in the allocation of the rvcenue of the state, to which they contribute directly in a far greater degree now than formerly, since the proportion of independent female bread-winners is of recent years enormously increased. The charge of rashness cannot be urged against the proposers of this reform in Victoria. There is theo experience of Now Zea land, which led thbo way, and South Australia, which was the first to follow in this experiment, and it cannot be alleged that in either of those colonies any of the evils which were prophesied have followed the granting of the fran chise to women. If it be conceded that property is entitled to special representation--and the day is very nearly gone when bricks or stone and mortar are considered of more value than human intelligence-it has it in the Legislative Council, which is elected on a property franchise, and the abolition of the plural vote is one of the necessities of the times, which is the more readily recognised on ac count of fluctuations of income, which, following the results of the boom, have e left so many previously well-off people with little but their energies and their brains to depend upon. Under the new bill it is proposed to alter the system of registration, , hbut in opposition to it an effort will be made to preserve the rate payers' list as one of the bases of the electoral roll. It is said that the effect of the change would be to banish large sections of the community from the ballot box, and leave the decision at elections largely in the hands of caucus organisations directed to voting purposes. And it may be so. The great difficulty is to get people to take the trouble to register. They will vote readily enough when the interest in a contested election, with the speeches, and the paragraphs, not to speak of the canvass, impole them. The method of qualifying should be simpli fied. Especially will this be the case j with the now class of women voters. . It seems likely that, so long as there r is to be a roll at all, the list of rate payera, which is so easy of revision, and which, so to speak, files itself, is the best basis. It is probably idle to think of a citizens' roll purely. At present a change of locality disfran chises a voter. If he happens to find > himself outside his constituency his \- vote is lost. If every man was given, not merely the right, but the due facility to vote, that need not be so. of ow many of the thousand and more ' miners and prospectors, who have a within a brief period come irto Gipp land, will be able to play a voter's part in the next election? Probably not half a hundred. Yet the majority of them are on the rolls elsewhere, and all of them are capable citizens. Obviously, therefore, the system is defective. The cumbersome machinery suggested in the new bill, which is half on the voluntary system, includ ing contributions in the way of infor mation by postmasters, letter carriers and others, will render it more so. Why should a minor, resident, say, at Sheepetation or Caseilis for three months, but whoso home is somewhere in the Melbourne suburbs, be dis franchised simply because the fluctua tions of colonial prosperity have driven him into the ranges in the effort to make a living for his family ? A form of declaration to the effect that he had not voted elsewhere should open the way to the ballot box for him, Any tendency to an abuse of such a right could be checked by an application of the provisions of the statutes already on the books dealing either with im personation or perjury. It might be boereved that, under the circumstances, there would actually be less tempta tion to, or opportunity of offending, than exists under the present system. of plural voting. It will be noticed that yesterday's prices at Flemington for fat cattle wore £1 per head in advance of last week's high rates. And tbis,too, with a supply of 1440 as against 000 for Wednesday last. On Tuesday, at the Bairnesdle Petty Sessions, before Mr C. G. Holmen, P,M., and Mr J. Bull, J.P. llcenses under the Motint Storeb Act were granted to T. Pincott and E. Erfurth. Our Orbost correspondent, wiring last evening, saya that at the annual meeting of the Orboet ShirJ.buncil, held yesterday, Mr Hugh Cameron was elected president of the shire, with an allowance of £60. He adds that there was also yesterday a good cattle sale at satisfactory prices. A public meeting will b'e held at the shire hall to=-iorrow evening, at eight o'clock, for the purpose of appointing a paid inspector of fisheries, and " to discuss ether matters appertainiug to the well-being of the district." The meeting is convened by Mr Harry Payne, one of the representatives of the centre riding in the shire council, and the programme is largo enough to permit the ventilation of one or two topics of very present interest. The president of the ehite council will take the chair. Yesterday afternoon, about4 o'clock a fall of rain began which lasted pretty steadily up till the hour of our going to press. It was preceded by a tremendous dust storm, driven by a strong westerly wind. Our MelboUirno correspondent wirgs that 'the rain is reported at the Observatory as very general all over the colony. It will do an enormous amount of good in some places. Even hero, whore there has been a heavy rainfall since the beginning of the year, it is very wel come, and improves still further the prospects of an exceptionally good season. Felix Guilbert the minor who dis appeared from Cassilis about a fort night ago has not since been heard of. t The police were out last week and dragged many water holes without result. Guilbert had friends in South t Gippsland, and the police in the towns through which he would pass, if he bad gone there, have been communicated with, but they reply that they have s seen nothing of him. The following important telegram, announcing the discovery of artesian ' water in the mallet, has been received I by the Minister of Lands :-" Hope toun :-Finished well, M-iuapre dis trict, where water was struck at a depth of 60 feet, The water has risen iSft in shaft, and the estimated flow is 6000 gallons. This is a great matter for the malle. Now starting other bores where similar gypsum in dications exist.-B. H. L.BCELLES." The formal starting of the Warragul Oil Mill Company took place on Mon day. Everything went smoothly and well. The mill in all its details is on eractly similar lines to the Govern ment oil mill erected at Bairnsdale, but is somewhat larger. The company have 400 bags of linseed on hand stored to crush. A grower who has 5 tons of seed, grown in the neighbor hood of Korumburra, wrote to the secretary of the company a few days ago offering to become a shareholder if the company would convert his seed into oil, and similar offers have been received from others. The directors and shareholders believe the success of the company to be assured. After the machinery had been inspected, ahbout 50 gentlemen, including Mr G. J. Turner, M.L.A., and the directors, adjourned to Plowright's Railway Hotel, and drank success to the com pany. Mr Donald M'Neil, chairman of directors, presided. MIr G. J. Turner, in responding to the toast of Parliament, proposed by Mr P. J. Smith, president of the Warragul shire, expressed his regret that such short notice had been given him of the cere mony of starting the company. Had sufficient notice been given him the Minister of Agriculture would have made an effort to have been present. An accident, which resulted fatally a week later, occurred at the Smile of Fortune mine, Mount Wills, on Satur day, 5th instant. William Clugaton was working a windlass, when by some moans lie was struck on the back of the head by the handle. At the time, the Omeo Standard says, he apparently felt no ill offects until the following Friday. 11th instant, when he became so ill that he consulted Dr Henderson. Clugston was put under treatment but died a few hours later. A post mortem examination was made and it was found that deceased had sustained fracture of the skull. Clugston, who was a native of Sydney, was only 23 years of age. and had worked as a miner about Omeo for the last eight years, being first engaged at Nugong. lie leaves a wife and one child. The statement of accounts of the Royal Aglicultural Society's show at Flemington a fortnight ago show that the cxhibition resulted in a substantial profit to tie society of £1880 as. Al though not equal to the profit of the previous year, which amounted to £2124 1Is, tile result is very satis factory considering ithe extraordinarily bad weather which prevailed on the first and second days. The Minister of Mines states that no steps can at present be taken to wards holding an exhibition of mining exhibition, there being no funds for the purpose at the disposal of the depart ment. However, as soon as thel Mining Development Bill has been passed this difficulty will disappear, as the bill makes funds available. Tile receipts from the stock tax show an improvement of late, and the Customs authorities believe it is on account of the special vigilance which has boon exercised to paut down the border smuggling. There is now an extra patrol in Gippsland, and the officers along the border are so much on the alert that the chances are consider ably against any peresonu being able to got a mob of cattle or sheep from New South Wales into Victoria and safely disposed of without payment of duty. The now permit regulations to allow of Victorian stock being depastured in New South Wales forn time andiro turned free of duty have nsoi been passed by the Governor in Council, and will- come into operation on'the let of October. Grow Good.-Flowers and veogo tables by using Button's world-famed Eoglish seeds. Every seed guaranteed true to name by the largest seed dealers in Britain. Lloyd and Co., Main street, Bairusdale, sole agonte.---An. Accounts are at tbo receipt and pay othce, Bairisdalo, for TV. Bird and Co., Bruthen Mecbanics' Institute, H. Conscns. J. R. Bulmor. J. Elliott, A. C. Brabet and Co., J. A. Carpen ter, D. Fitzgerald, WV. S. Barke, W. Green, J. II. King, A. Jonson, E. Lee, Constable Hall, W. It. Crawford, 3\. M'Ewan, J. R. Mosley, John Moore, M. M'Crae, D. Haylock, II. E. Robi son, Orbost Agricultural Society, J. Whitbourne, H. C. Quickenatedt and R. H. Shimmin, A. Simpson, A. Waddell. The claim of Holland and Sons, at Black Flat, near Oakloigh, from which two good yields have been obtained, is understood to have changed hands, within the last two days, the purchaser being a resident of Oakleigh, who has a lease adjoining that of the Htollands. The price is said to have been £2000, and the mine will now be thoroughly worked. On Monday night a private house sltuate at the rear of Messrs Grey's stores at Kyabram, caught fire, burn ing Mrs Guthrie, the wife of a store. man, so severely that she died in about three hours after the occur rence. It appears that Mr and Mrs Guthrio retired somewhat early, and by somo mischance the bedroom caught fire while Mr Guthrie was asleep. The first intimation he got was hearing his wife's screams. He quickly ran to her assistance, and dragged her out of reach of the fire, and then called for Dr. Wright, who was quickly on the scene, but held out no hope of her recovery, and she died at 3 o'clock in the morning. The Governor of West Australia, Sir Gerald Smith, returned to Perth from Kalgoorlio on Tuesday. At Southern Cross an accident occurred to the vice- regal train, by which one carriage was derailed. Mr Horan, the stationmaster, gave instructions Ihat the carriage bhe replaced, but the Go vernor objected, alleging that its con dition would be a menace to the safety of the train. Mr Horan resented the Governor's interference, and an alter cation ensued, which ended, it is alleged, in Mr Horan telling the Go vernor "to go to h-." His Excel lency retired to his carriage, and sent on the aide-de.camp to Mr Horan, but the aide-de-camp was consigned to the same region. Subsequently the Go vernor asked for an apology, which was refused. On reaching Perth his Excellency reported Mr Horan's con duct to the Commissioner of Railways. A " ghost scare," which has occasioned considerable amusement in Ballarat, occurred the other night, among a number of the cabmen plying for hire between the city and the new come tery. It was approaching midnight, the correspondent of the gce says, nod the Johns had drawn their vehiclesa up in line at the comotery gates prepara tory to setting out on their last return trip to Ballarat. The night was dark and squally, and one of the drivers, gazing listlessly into the cemetery, was startled to sea, as he believed, a moving figure carrying a lighted lantern, which flashed " like a beacon on the sea coast." Addressing his mates in the rank, he cried out-"As I live boys, see the ghost over yonder. Let us all scoot home as fast as we can." Several jumped into their vehicles on seeing the apparition and drove olf post haste towards the city. Two "bravo fellows," however, re mained to " lay out" the ghost. Entering the cemetery grounds they wended their way along one of the winding paths in the graveyard, when the glare of the light "widened out," and they came to a standstill to hold a consultation, and it was decided to " report the ghost " to the sexton, Mr Rattray, who resides within the ceme tery enclosure. Roused from his slumbers he ridiculed the fears of the cabmen, one of whom-a nervous Hibernian-assured Mr Rattray that a ghost was " walking around," and described its got-up and dimensions vividly. The sexton invited the cabby to "come and see." "No fear," was the reply, "weo'lr not go up towards that thing with the lantern." On reaching the gates the sexton, sure enough, saw a kind of illumination away back some f00.yards in the come tery, and striking a direct line towards it he walked up to find that the sop posed "ghost" was merely a newly erected headstone of polished marble on which were reflected the rays of a street lamp, fully a mile from the cemetery fence. Apropos of Mr Maugher's recent lec ture here on protection, the Argus says :-A fine specimen of protection ist reasoning is brought to light by Mr George Eastgato in the following letter :-Of all the ludicrous blunders which protectionists are constantly making, surely that into which Mr Samuel Maugher helplessly floundered at Bairnedale on Wednesday last is the most laughable, absurd and onter taining.In order that Imay to the utmost degree be just andtfair to Ur Manugr, I will take my quotation entirely from the pages of the protectionist journal. In its report on Friday last of Mr Maugher's remarks I find these words :-' Io said, dealing with the result of the protective policy upon the skilled industries in Melbourne, that, whilst carpenters and others had been in distress, the backbone and support of the community had been the pro tented trades, such as the bootmakers. As to the cry that the farmers were obliged to pay enhanced prices, which wont into the pockets of the bloated manufacturers, he pointed out that boots were never cheaper than to-day. Internal competition had so brought down prices that labor was being sweated, and the farmer could get what he wanted too cheaply. He could actually got boots cheaper than the duty itself.' The boot trade is, it will be observed, one of the prosperous 'backbone' trades of Melbourne, a conspicuous 'trophy of protection,' but, unfortunately, it is in a wretched condition, on account of extremely low prices and miserable 'sweating' wages !" 