I- A LUIIUEM TOPIC: 'i ho Tuikish Sultarifis. ACCQRUINO to the recent .Johannesburg census there are o.'ll Australians residing in that city. THKIII: are one hundred and sixty-two lawyer* in Tasmania. The ordinary population of Tasmania is one hundred and Eixty-five, we think. A SSIALL boy at one ot tho recent, examinations for scholarships asked tn give the masculine of marchioness cheerfully entered it " marquee." .1 us'J'LcK Dunos, of Tasmania, is perhaps the only man who was a member of Parliament tor any lengt.li of time without once opening ins mouth in the House. HAKIIY Fi'HNiss, best known as a London I'mich artist, is coming to see us down uuder. Furniss is the most youthful man for his years in London. He is t'T but could pass for halt that age, without exciting remark. HE met the country member in t he street, and after tho usual call to tho bar said: "Si the ).i'r.vii?fW of Parliament is not to be reduced*" J't i'sn),.'" said the country member. " I'a >. uk< ' ' Faith, there aiu't any gintlernan ILV the naiiiu in Parleytnent. ME^H^. Williamson and Musgrove have secured the rights of " I nc Vagabonds," a drama that is taking London by .-toriri, and is something on ti e lines of the "Prince and tho Fanner." .Mark Twain's story Tins play requires two fitted girl* to insure its slice.--?, and -Mr. Williamson is lo.jl, ing out. for them eagerly. TIIK latest version of the lover's sentimental ballad : — " 'J hen .Jane, my Jane, my dearest .lane, Ah, never look so shy, (hit meet me in the evening, In your blouiners on your hi." A jtoi walked into a uietebatH'.- office in search of a situation. After being asked some questions by the merchant, which be answered poorly, the man of business said : " Hoy, what is your motto '-''' " .Same as yours, sir," ho replied promptly ; " same as you have on the door --Push " He was'engaged THK Age calls tho Turner Government "the hardest-working Government Victoria it lias known/' Perhaps this is true, hut it is only half a compliment, or no compliment at ail. Hard work without discrimination is often worse than sheer ]>i2ine6S. We do not admire the Government and we judge it not by its words, hut by its acts. "MY little, boy has been wicked to-day," said Willie's mother to the parson making his rounds ; " be bar been fighmg and got a black eye." " So I perceive," said the clergyman. Willie, come here till 1 talk to you Eeriously,'' " You'd better go home and talk seriously to your own little boy," replied the graceless lad; "he's got two black eves," The clergyman went. Tut Silence Club is a new institution founded in Vienna. It is for married men only, and was founded avowedl;, to e.nable members' to fCSpH once in a while from the clacking of their We don't know how it is in Vienna, but there are not many mariied men in these paits who wuuld dare to belong to such a club. 1 lie Melbourne man whose wife " clacks "' cannot escape so simply —the least he can do is take ship to Paraguay. " WHY were you not in favour of the reduction of tho number of members s" somebody asked a suburban M.P. "Well," was the reply, "to be candid I believe it would have jeopardised my seat." " What ot it y I know men in the House who would support what thny believed to be the right if they wore thrown out next day for it." " Maybe," was the thoughtful reply, but you see it is only the House to them —it is: house and home to me." Now that tho late Commissioners of Railways have secured their little pensions and there is no danger of a panic arifain^ from the newp, the public will be concerned to hear that, fur two whole days during tho rcrinnr of the last commissioners the couatry was ieft to toiter alon^ without commissioners at all, those gentlemen bpinp on strike, hai-ing- struck work find n-fused to refturae their duties until the Government should ratify certain papar* th.'it 7/iade their pensions &ure.; How came the dailies to lose this tit-bit of nawB at the time? Fancy what a sensational column it would have made with half-a-dozen Rcaro headlines and an intimation that, a Kail way Commissioners' Union wap in couiBG of formation and would be affiliated with the 'J rades Hall ! 1'BEIIJEH Km, HAS been invited to come TO Melbourne to lecture on Fruntrade, but George ; hands full just now, and he is cute enough I R S E V O K E S be helped any by fiscal wrangle. Now that the L c ortLelLtforof deUgat^ baK been named, a really tremendouKstr.de has been made towards Federation-- although the people do not seem to realise it-and it would be well if the fiscal battle were loft to be fought out by the Federal 1'arhament. It is ridiculous for politicians who pretend to bare any faith in Australian Federation to be bickering over provincial tariffs that, won't be worth a can- when Federation . I*,-.-..— gets going fa---,,. ^ n_ rL.,^1.1- MIL. .JOHNSON 16 \flSnrnfi Mr Johnson station resident in Port. Melbourne. Mr. Johnson has been repeating in real life that history which a caricaturist over thirty years, ago placed on record in illustrated fiction. Bi icily, the LBntlo- Jnaii in question appeared at the police court „.... one day last week charged with assaulting and kicking a woman. The offence was practically admitted, but no pleaded as an extenuating circumstance that he had made a mistake-, he mistook the prosecutrix fo- his ." missus." The ancient caricature referred to above wa- one of Leech's bits from the coal diftricts. 1st Superior Being : "They've pulled Bill .Toces before the beaks and li e's got six months tor kicking a strange woman." 2nd S. IS. : "Serve him right. Wot's he want kicking Strange women ? Ain't he got a wife of his own :"' MILS- MOLI'.VKAUX, described as an Australian actress, takes the place of leading lady in the company playing the greatest recent dramatic success, " Under the Ted Kobe," and tho circumstance is thought worthy ot a cablegram. Mrs. Molyneaux is not sm Australian actress, unless the fact of having acted hero a litt ie entitles a lady to the term. Mrs. Molynoaux was no great shakes as an actress here, but experience teaches, and m no other profession is such rapid improvement possible to an intelligent person as in the. theatrical " perfesh." Tin: Shah of Persia, killed recently by some Persian democrat, leU a fortune of forty million pounds, which is now the property of tho Dresent Shah, Mu7.afer-ti1-din. F^-ident.ly there is money in the Shah business, 'The writer of this item is a highly-gifted genius, who dashes ciff great masses of literature every week, and he has not made nearly forty millions yet, not half that sura, in fact. But, after all, perhaps he IE happierwith his modest JJiOOMOO a year, earned u-ith bis honest pen, than if be were a Shah with forty millions, and the chance of being shot through the brisket, by a rapacious Republican any morning before breakfast. Tnr fall of A windy orator in an Australian Parliament, was recently immensely enjoyed by many members ^ a literary ghost, and committed to memory by the born oraUir. Every now and .B.in .be prosy M.l\ dived into bis tail pocket.for the maniiFcr.pt. to refresh his memory, and then he went_ on again, discharging horribly, wearing, FitzgibbonoFque sentences at the weary Assembly. Presently, however, another M.P. had an mspiration and. sneaking behind the speaker, he deftly picked his pocket of the MS. and drew oB. The orator hnd occasion to di^ for tho rnanuecript R'jaio preEentlv; but, finding it gone, he pawed about' atmlessly. paused, blushed, stammered, spluttered and collapsed miserably,and tho tigh of relief that escaped from bis perspiring audience made the windows rattle. IT is verv difficult for Englishmen founderstand the insane conceit with which every officer in the German army regards the importance of his so-called " honour." The. latest illustration of this is surely one of the wildest on record. Quite recently a young German officer, one Lieutenant Pfeiffar, became engaged to a young girl of good family. Before the marriBge was performed, however, a near relation of the bride shuffled oil his mortal coll by his own act. Now, tnough the young couple were devoted to each other, the honour of tho bridegroom and the German army would be tarnished by alliance with a relation of a suicide. Marriage under such circumstances was out of the question. Agreeing to die together, they took a room at an hotel, the lieutenant sho' his sw- eetheart and then blew out hie own brains (if any). We have heard ot Dutch courage, but German " honour " is surely a more fearfully and wonderfully made curiosity. Tnr. l'p-to Date Version of a Certain Jivent — And when the Serpent came, to Eve and tempted hor to eat, sho replied Where have you been hibernating? "What are you" giving mo? If it bo that thou must tempt, go tempt the weaker vessel. Adam is yonder " And the Serpent did tempt Adam to take of the forbidden fruit, And when th.i man bad tasted ot the fruit and smacked his lips over its sweetness, behold the woman did take it from birri hv main force and did eat the wbo'e of it. The woman did eat all of the apple save the core, and that sho did give unto the man, telling him not to make a beast, of himself peitb the banquet. And now that, tho woman had knowledge, sho did compe.l the man \o sew together fig-leaves into the shape of bloomers, and the woman did put them upon her figure, And all the animals in the garden laughed at her to see the woman thus clothed and not ashamed. EXI'KHT.S in any national sport are always woll remunerated. liuU-fightine in Spain is no excep FI^S^HSF 1 :" m the local press, ou r 10 ><» oach fur U c a t the b on RBtB trom Aprll to 0 lol Bully for the bullies. Thk Sultan of Turkey has sent -IS of hiB wiv. - to prison, accusiue tbem of harbouring •• treatm abiB Bj.mp»thieF." Probably they are in irnpitl w;tJl t|,L> xew Woman, but from the New Woman s poin(. 0f vjew the Sultana has nothing to wish being already in bloomerF. The writer labo un(j««r the imprRRsion that the woman vahituallv woars bloomers must bp emanciimu ( gultan has quite extraordin.ry facilities ,. obtaining judicial separation. When he is tin of & B;fB or tw0 5jniply gives them the sack- (.hem to go and put their heads in a bag, HI, then pops them into the Ilosphorus- or he Eeu.: them off to prison, charged with holding trP1 able sympathies.' The mother-,n-law juU quite lost on the Sultan, because not on= ot 1. motbew-m-law erer dared to come witbio ..i miles of him, lot alone to comb bis hair with to leg of a chair, or to brandish the poker over 1, head and demand to know what excuse he offer for staying at tne lodge till t«o in tl: morning, and then coming home with a sta^. in his feet- and reeking like a breweiy se«.- There are times when every man would j.i-t 1... to bo a Sultan for ten minutes. RVUTAUIJ KH'UNC have about his ve.inE. DEAN O'HEA is threatened w.th fame as the clergyman -who baptised Ned Kelly when a baby. ME. VAJ.K, M.L.A-., declares Hmt there are a thousand men too manv in the Postal Department. Mr. Vale has "been there," and ought to know, hut 10(11) is a crowd. Some recently tuiblished photographs of the interior of the (leneral Post Office and the wort being carried on there teem to bear out Mr. Vale's view, however. 5 hev an show three or four men won.wig mm thirty or forty standing round m ice, road. A \vn,;..KNOWN Melbourne arbsi Mas riding his bike out Sandringham »;,; when the hor^e-traui approached. 1 hi. artist dismounted and waited fo. t/..- tiam to pass "What, did you get . u for, old man Y " asked the driver, dear fellow," said t he cyclist, - mieni am on a bike I want a road tl to myself." A coi.onui-D gentleman named .l ilm son. who when running loose oa: no. Irilihil m Port. Melbourne, wiooi raging round that odorous suiiuro < evening last \veek, amused himselt kicking a total stranger—a woman the head. This was an unpardona liberty, and the woman's buslw went, far .Johnson and ' laid him . cold." He gave Mr. Johnson " what f. twice over. Althcugh Jolmsop 1 that he thought it was his own wi:.. was kicking, tho apology accepted, and the kicker now he had fallen eft nineteen loci and been walked on by a horse. 1 moral is obvious: Never kick anoll man's wife. Soine men are so si-n tive about these littlo points etiquette. G 0 V EH N Oil BUASSMV is foifunate being able to escape to Maorihirni h. spidl. The demands upon his time a talents were becoming unreasotiai not to put too tine a point up n Tho other day a man called at (>OVI I ment House with the express lnitm: of dying in Lord Jirassey'e arms, a could only he prevented wit difficulty from incontinently \ upon the gubernatorial bosom. 1 ta.n Christmas Pay a venerable lady dropped in with the assertion ti she was the Governor's wife, and nn to have her Christmas dinner wo;. . dear husband or perish in the Bin- It took a Email regiment ol milo.a dissuade hor and induce her tu pa her Christmas Day at tho City »».i house instead oi at Govern,.. House. Jleanwhile it is no a charge ot bigamy agaii Jirassev would lie. 