THE CRIME OF THE “’LIZA JANE," By FERGUS HUME, Author of “The Mystery of a Hansom ,Cab/* “The Dwarf’s Chamber,” &c.; Published by special arrangement aoith Messrs. Ward, Lock Bowden, Ltd. [ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.] -■ ■ - O'. - ■■ • CHAPTER XXIX, THE SOLUTION OF TIIE MYSTERY. 1 stood on th9 threshold of the cabin thunder-struck, turned to stono Almost in oipablo of speech, Wss the man a ghost! Did the dead return ? This was the great* eit mystery of all. “Cyrus Barry!" I gasped, leaning siok and faint against the wall. • ‘ Cy-” My voioe died away in my throat. The un expected appearance of the dead man took away voice and power of thought. “Yes, I am C/rcs Barry," he said quietly, “ and you ore Dr, Fairfax, whom my poor brother sent to avenge my death. Well, I am not dead. I was only wounded, and that not seriously.’’ I turned to look for Adelaide, if only to draw self-control from her proud gaze, but she was gone. While I had been Btaring at this new Lazarus, Bhe had lied up the BtairB and left me alone with her old lover, “It is just as well,” said Birry, In answer to my inquiring look. “I would rather tell you my story without her being present.” “ Tell me your story !” “ Yes j I think you have earned a right to hear It, so I determined to set your mind at rest before I left England.” “You leave England?” I said, stupidly wondering why he thus abandoned his career. “ To-night, If tho wind rises, as there Is every chanoe of its doing before midnight." “ Why II For sevoral reasons. On?, beesuco I am a marked man, and may ba killod at any moment by tho anarchists ; another, be cause I killed Bruce.’" “ You killed him “Yes; I killed tho sooundrel,” s?id Barry, In tonos of the deepest hatred. “ He brought about my rain with tho Sooloty; he tried to kill me; he would have done so had he lived. I tried to save myaolf.” “ Bnt, Barry, how did-2” “ It’s a long story. Come in and see my Brother, then you will hear all. It is tho only thing I can do for you, who tried so hard to avenge my death. Come.” I bowed my head, and obeyed in silence. Captain Jim smiled as I bent ever him, and weakly pressed my hand. “ Yen see I was right in saying I would meet you in Monxby," he said, in an un nsnally strong voice. “Cyrus was deter mined to toll you all before loavlng Eogland for ever. Sit down on that ohest, my friend, and listen.” I did as he told me, and looked at Barry, who stood with loosely folded hands, in the full glare of tho lamp. He was a splendid looking man, but his face was thin and colourless. Only by tho greatest effort did he manage to spook, “Yon know the most of the story,” he said, looking at me with strange Intensity, “ so I need not go over old ground, Bnt for the sake of making things clear I will re capitulate to Bomo extent,” I made no comment on this Bpeooh beyond bowing my head, upon which he resumed his Btory—surely one of the strangest that had ever issued from the lips of man. Evon now aa I write, the scene arises before my mlnd’a eye: The narrow, stifling cabin all shadow and yellow mist; the anarchist with hia noble head thrown baok ; his hands, as it were In handouffs, hanging before him; and tho sick man on tho bed gazing stead fastly at his brothor—at the telon and murderer, whom he loved with exceeding lovet It was a strange soene, but the story was stranger. “ I am now a wanderer," said Barry, In hia deep voioe; “ but aa you know, I was a journalist and a socialist—not an anarchist 1 No, I am not a brute ; nor did I see the use of using violent means to reform the world. My objection to those measures brought about the whole of this tragedy, as you shall hear. There is somo good in me, Dootor Fairfax, though very little. If I killed one man, I saved a hundred. Pat thiB against that, and do not blame mo over-much. “The story commences from the time when i went to Scotland some years ago. Adelaide was then singing at a music-hall, and was by no means the great lady she is now. I was deeply In love with her ; but she refused to listen to me, od the plea that I was not rich. Hitherto I had always scorned money, as I believed in an equal division of things. A socialist never desires to be.rich. _ Bnt love put all those ideas of equality and fraternity out of my head, and I determined to earn money, so as to make Adelaide my wife. I did not see how I could get a fortune, till ohance sent me to Edinburgh. Then I beoamo friendly with Bruce and his mother. He was a law-clerk poor and unknown, and helped to support his mother, who was siok and feeble. The son was oalled away from Edinburgh, and the mother died.'' “It was then that she revealed her his tory, was it not 1” Yes; she told mo that her real name waB Laura West, and that she was the legitimate wife of Sir Walter Cardell. Before she died she gave me the certificate of marriage, and Jmplorod me tu reinstate Leonard Bruce In his birthright. Bsfore I could promise this she died, and I was left holding the young man’s fortunes in my hand unfettored by any oath.” ' “ SHU you knew what sho wished, and should havo acted honourably," I said, with some reproach. “I noted in tho manner I thought would gain me Adolaide,” replied Barry coldly. “With the certificate I returned to London, andmRde inquiries about tho Oardell family. Then I learned that Sir Walter was dead, and that he had been succeeded by his younger brother Dlgby, who had made a great deal of money by leasing his estates for the building of Mtnxby.” Did you know that ho was in love with Miss Erakine ?” I asked curiously, “ Not at that time, but I did later on. I offered to suppress tho certificate and tell Bruce nothing if Sir Dlgby gave me eight thousand pounds." “ On that you intended to marry Ade laide ?” “ I did. I told her tho story of Brnoe, suppressing certain facts usoesasry to prove his legitimacy. She was cartons to see Brnoe, and Eho did sec him in the end, for ho came up to London against my will, I took him to lodgo with mo at Old Jane’s, eo that I oould keep him under my eye, and I supplied him with money. That was before I went to lodge in Fitzclarenoo Square. I also introduced him !;o the socialists, 30 that I might gain mora power ovor him." “ What nso was that, when yon had doolded not to tell hi in tho truth ?” “Iwas not quite dooided,” said Barry calmly. “ Sir Digby refused to give me the eight thousand pounds, so I was nearly on tho point of tolling Bruce all, thinking I would get the money from him. Then I found that Adelaide was In love with him.1 "And he with her ?” "Yes. In a wonderfully chert spaoe of time they became engaged, and I was loft ont fn the cold. Bat I knew Adelaide would not KOTry him nnlesa he succeeded to the Cirdell title and estate, so I refused to give him tho certificate or to tell him in what church hia parents wero married. Without mo he could not prove his legitimacy, and, therefore, he could not marry Adelaide.” " But Adelaide might have marrlod Sir Dlgby. What then ?” "She could not do so, for sho was in love with and engaged to Bruce. Yea, I really believe she loved him, and I had no fear of Sir Dlgby, though be was always after her at tho theatre i Ah, that pair were more lucky than I; yet what was their love compared to mine 1’ He heaved a sigh, and resumed his etory after a short pause, during whioh ho no doubt thought of tho woman now on deok, paoing under tho stars, I wondered vaguely if she felt any remoras for raining thiu man's life, Knowing her as I did I thought not. " Bruce snd I need to fight desperately at Old Jane’s,” he resumed. “ She-” "She heard you." “ I don’t wonder at it,” said ho grimly; “ we made noise enough. Bruce wanted to know the truth and I refused to tell him, so as to delay the marriage. Then he grew angry and tried to min me with theSooiety. At that time they were making up a plot to blow up the Houses of Parliament. I spoko against it, as I did not believe in snch violent means being used. BrnoB heard the speech, and took advantage of it to tell the Soolety that I had betrayed them.” “ Upon whioh they condemned yon to doath as a traitor!” " They did so. Why, I had not even a ohanoe of denying the lie ; but I snppese Bruce managed all that. He was selected to kill me, and acoeptod the commission willingly, so that he could go home after I was dead and rifle my de3k. Well, he stabbed me while I was speaking in Hyde Park, and 1 fell, Yon know the details oi that; it was in all the papers.” “ Yon were not dangerously wounded ?” “ No ; tho knife turned against a pocket book, and tlio bfcab in the back was of no acoount, I fainted from loss of blood, and MrB Tyke oarriod me off. She m3 do use of the anarchists to bsffle tho police.” “ But why should they do so, when they had oondomnod you ?" " Booanse the secret mark of the Soolety is tattooed on my body, and they did net want the police to Bee it, Mrs Tyko carried me off, as I said, and I was taken to Canute Villa, where she nursed me through my Ill ness.” " Oh, then that was tho secret of the villa ; I thought it was Magaey. ” “ No, it was I,” Bald Barry calmly. "I reoovered, and found that Mrs Tyke had taken all my papers. She refused to give them up, as she wanted the certificate suppressed and her daughter to marry Sir Digby.” " What did you say to that ? ’ "Nothing, In my illness my love for Adelaide had died away. All I wanted was to punish the traitor who had betrayod me. He came down to Manxby after Adelaide, and she visited him, eo that ho should not go to Canute Villa and learn that I was still alive. Of course he thought me dead, I wa3 glad of that, as it enabled mo to kill him.” “ How did you manage it I asked, shrinking from him. The cold-blooded brutality of tho men was terrible. "Why,” he aald hearsoly, “it was not difficult. I grow well and strong in s wonderfully short space of time, send walekod my opportunity. I knew that Bruco usually walked baok with Adelaide to Canute Villa, and took advantage of the fact. Ho left her at tho gate, whereupon I slipped out of the house and foliowod him down to the beach. He chose that wav to return to hia lodgings, littlo thinking that tho man ho deemed dead was at his hoele, Paco to face I met him in the moonlight. He reeled, and would have fallen on the sands, deeming he saw a ghost. I gave him no time to recover; I struck hard, and he fell dead at my feet, tho knife in hia “ And tho boat V "Au after-thought. I was afraid lest inquirios should be made, lest the fading of tho corpse on the beach should load to my detection ; eo, catching sight of tho boats drawn up in a line, I determined to s°nd tho body adrift. I took the ’Liza Jane, placed the corpse therein, and rowed out to sea in another beat. It wa3 hard work to get tho two along, but I felt like a madman —stroDg and lusty. I could have moved mountains. Par out I undressed tho body of Bruce so as to prevent Identification, snd bound i», spread-eagle fashion to tho thwarts of the ’Liza Jane. The clothes I sunk in tho Channel, with a stone tiod to them. Then I sent one boat adrift with the dead man, and returned in the other. It w*b not difficult to regain the villa, whore I lay worn out with weariness,” "I do not wonder at it. Did yon ro complish all thl3 single-handed, and after recovering from a eevere illness ?” ‘‘Ybb ; my hate made me strong. I was mad with desire to rid myself of my enemy. I know it sounds impossible, but it is so.” “ One last word, Barry. Who betrayed the anarohiBt plot to the polioe ?” " I did,” ho said ooolly ; « they tried to kill me as a traitor when I wa3 none, so I punished them by becoming what they made mo, and ruined their canto. I am not sorry for what I have done, ao don’t think it. I hated Brace, and I killed him as I would a dog. I hated the anarohlsts, and did them a bad turn. Now I leave England, with my revenge fully gratified. There, Doctor Fairfax, is the story; make what use of it you please.” Then turning abruptly on his heel ho left tho cabin. That was tho last I saw of Cyrus Barry, 