FALSE EVIDENCE » BT E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIH. Author of " A Monk of Cruta, l> " A Daughter of the Maroni," etc. Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock % Bowden, Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED]. CHAPTER XXVI. I "GIVE WAKHIBG." By ten o'clock in the morning I had written a letter: which caused me a good deal of trouble and anxiety. It WAS to Sir Franois Devereux " The Cottage, Deverenx, "Wednesday morning. "DEAR SIB F&ANCIS; DEVEKECX,— 41 You will, I am sure, agree with me that the revelation of last evening renders it imperative on my part to leave Devereux at onoe, or as soon as possible. I must ask yen; therefore, to aoeept this note as an intimatien of my desire to do BO as seon as convenient to yeuneif, ^ No (me could regret mere thaa I do the necessity <whioh has arisen, and'I am deeply sensible of all your kindness te myself ana teUiysiBterrBatfUnderthecircamstanoes, it would be, of coarse, quite impossible for me to remain here as your agent, nor I am sure would you wish it. As- to the other offer whioh yeu were generous enough to makeithe answer whioh T gave you at the time is absolutely irrevocable. " With regard to the attempted burglary here: :last fight and assault upon Miss Deverenx, I shall be -prepared' to give evidence waen the man is charged. : There are several matters connected with the estate with whioh I will not now trouble you, but whioh I shall be glad to lay before you or Mr Bensome before I ge. My books I am prepared to hand over to my successor or te Mr Bensome at any moment. " Thanking you again for the uniform, and, I fear, nndeeerved kindness which I have always received: from you, " I remain, yours obediently, " ETTGH AKBUTHNOI. "To Colonel SirFrancis Davereux, Bart." Having despatched thisi I ordered Black Piiace, and roda away to a distant part of theiestate to Buperintend the felling of seme timber. As asaai, when going any distance, I tojak aomo innoh in my pooket, and ate it on {& atlle whilst the men knocked off fee dinner, Juat as I had lit my pipe and was preparing ~to start work again-—for I was neu' afraid of using my hands, and used to take a pleasure iu getting through as much as any of the men—£ heard the s6und of horses' hoofs on the smooth,, wide, velvet sward, aud glancing up quickly saw that the whole party from the Court were olose upon me, 'all exfeept Maud and the elders. I drew back indifferently to let them paas, and bowed to Lady Olive, who was riding by the side of Fsanois Davereux. She started when she saw me, and, detaohiug herself fr^m the rest of the party, rode over tome. " Fancy coming upon you, Mr Arbuthnot, aad hird at work too! What are you doing ? " Cutting down trees, Lady Olive." " Well, you leek in a nice mesa," she declared frankly. " What do yea want to work yourueif fort It's a shame that you should." I [ laughed at her indignation, thinking only that her flashed cheeks made her look unoommoniy pretty. " I like working," I answered. "What would you have me do ? Shack about with my 'handB in my pockets all day ? " Iiion'tknow,"she said, hotly. 11 " But when I think of that idle, lazy young Francis dawdling his |ife- away, doing nothing except ape a man about town,.and: th^h think of yon worfes^g kard every day, and remember who you are, it makes ne feel[ angry. Do you know, I longed just now to push him out of nig saddle. Is wouldn't take maoh, I don't think." I laughed outright, but Lady Olive remained serious, "Well, perhaps you'll be better pleased to hear that I am going to give uu working —here, as any rata/' I said. " Of coarse l can't stop now.*' She looked steadily'between her horse's ears, growing a shade paler, and I leaned against the stump of an oak-tree wondering hew a riding-habitceuld have been made to fit BO well, and admiring her dainty little figure. , "Whim are you going?" she asked, suddenly. I shrag ^ed my shoulders. * A« sooa as Sir FraneiB will let me. I ha te r " givwu warning.'" She loot down at me, and spoke a little hurriedly, but ^ith a frank, sincere look in herfiuBhed face. >c Mr Arbuthnot-—I suppose l' must call you Mr Arbuthnot—I think youra iB the saddest story I have ever heard. I want you to les me tell you that I feel for yeu, as much as any one possibly could do. and I think yon are behaving splendidly, jaet at I would have my own brother behave if he were in the same position," I felt more moved even than I should have oared to own, for I was just in that mood when kind words were sweet, and I had always liked Lady Olive. " You are very good," I said, warmly . " Belieye me, it is a great pleasure to me te 1 hear yeu say this." " Have you any idea yet where you are going ¥' she asked, " or what you are going to do!" I shook my head. 8 8 "To London, first, and then I ^shall try and discover my father, and get him to let me throw in my lot with his. Somehow I think that I shall end by baing a soldier. It's in the bleed, I suppose." "Mr Arbuthnot," she said, frankly, stretching out her hand, " may. we not be friends! I have never asked so muoh of a man before, but, but " I took her little hand, and did not at once release it. " I shall be always glad te think ef you as such," I said, warmly;" but I'm afraid it isn't very likely that we shaU meet again after I leave here. My life and yours will lie very far apart." : " I'm not so sure of that," she-answered, with an attempt at gaiety. "I'm going te travel about a good deal next year; and— and Mr Arbuthnoti" she added, colouring a little deeper, "I know you'll forgive me for saying it, but my father—he's ambassader at B9me new, yuu know—has a good. deal of: influence in Loudon, and especially at the Foreign Office, and if there was anything he could do for you— oh, you know what I want to say," she broke off, suddenly, and looking away that I might not see the tears in her eyes. " You may want to try and get some appointment abroad or something, or even if you decided to go into the army, he might be useful to you, and he would do anything I asked him. He iB very kind, and—and it would make me very happy te feel that we were helping yeu a little." Was it so great a Bin that for a moment I longed todraw that tearful little face down' to mine and kies it ? I had never been in the least danger ef falling in love with Lady Olive, bright and fascinating though she was, but at that moment it ocoarred to me that the man who won her would be a very fortunate man indeed. "Lady Olive," X said, earnestly, "I scarcely know how te thank you. I cannot l«ll hew BJiueh I feel yqw I sba'\ t*ko you at your word, aud write you if ever I need any help, and if I do not I Bhali always like ts think cf your offer." She smiled down at me beamingly. '•I am so glad you're not offended. Of course I shall see yon again before you go, and I will bring you down a curd witn my address in London, Groxi-bje. Ne, au revoir." Sue touched her hone with the whip and galloped ay.- after - the ethers and the bright wiuvdr's day seemed to me less bright when Bhe had gone.: I watched her out of sight, and at the bend of the grassy road she turned round in her saddle and waved her whip. I returned her farewell with my hat, then, when she disappeared, I went back te my place amongst the men, and worked till the perspiration streamed down my faoe, and I was obliged to take off my coat and hang it on a branch of a fallen tree. But I felt all the better for it, for it ha^ always seemed to me, as it did then, that hard phyeioal labour is the most magnificent relaxation for an over- wrought mind. When the sun set and oar day's Work was over,: I was stiff and my arms were sore, but my heart was lighter than it had been since this crisis had oome. I' stood filling my^ pipe and chatting to the foreman whilst one of the labourers had gone for my horse, until he, too, followed the others, and I was left alone. At least I thought se, but I was mistaken; A voice, croaking and weak, almost at my shoalder, suddenly startled me, and I turned round te find an eld woman, bent double leaning on her stick, with her bead-like eyea fixed upon me. " Who be'st you she said. «' Be you him as they call the agent!" I acknowledged that it was so, and that my name was Arbuthnot. : " It's a loi," she answered, deliberately. « Bast think that Sarah MUsham knaw'st not { a Devereux when she seest one! Be'st -thou Muster Herbert'e son ! God bless him." : I looked around anxiously, but there WM not a soul in sight. 41 Thou be'st a son o' my Mr Herbert"' she muttered. " I knaw'st thou be'st bb like him that I thought thee was a ghost; boy; What be'st thou a doing here? Wheres't thy father!" "Abroad, mother, sinoe you know me. Who are you?" " Who be I!" she laughed, a mltthleBs unpleasant laugh. " Why; thee hasn't heard of Sarah Milsham? I nursed your father when he were a baby. What be'st a doing here, bey ! H^st come to kill Eupert Devereux ?" "He deserves it," I cried, hotly. "So afore; God he does," cried the old hag, tremulously, " and die he wiU, for I : ha" seen the mark o' death upon his forehead. But if ll be uo by your hand, no by your hand, boy. What be'st a doing here! Go to thy father, boy : Why hast left him alone!" ; " I am going," I answered, v*'Please Ged I shall be with him before many months/' "Ay, go, boy, go," she quivered out, " and tell him this from me. Tell him that sure:as Davereux Court is built upon a rock, I, Sarah^Milsham, shall live to see him here •gain. Sure as that limb of hell, Rupert Deverenx, bears the seal^^ of death upon his forehead, so sare the day will pome when the whole country shaU: welcome Mm home again, and old Sir Franois shall be proud t' own him fer his son. Tell Mm Sarah Miljsham said so." She lobbied away into the wood and commenced picking up sticks. I would have followed her, but she held out her hand to prevent me, and would not answer me when I spoke. So I mounted,-Black Prince and galloped away homewards. When I entered Marianas room I saw that she had a visitor. Sir Francis Devereux was ieaidag back is my easy'ohair; laughing at one of my sister's quaint speeohes, and she was handing him a cup of tea. CHAPTER XXVII. SIR FBATSOIS DEYERETJX'S APPEAL, Of all the contingencies which had occurred r to me, this wa| one which I had not considered, for only once" aiacs l had been its occupant had Sir Francis called at the cottage. But his greeting was even a greater surprise to me. "Hugh, my bey," he said, rising and holding out hie hand>" I have oome down to have a chat with yon, and Miss Marian has been giving me some tea." Something in his look, his aoaaut, and his words-warned me that the battle of last night would have to be fought over again. But for a wMle he talked of nothing, save of last night's strange adventure and minor matters oonueoted with the estate, of the turnip prospects, and the timber felling, until Marian left us to change her frock. Then, after opening the door for her with his usual stately courtesy, he returned to the hearth-rug, aud with the firelight playing around his tall, slim figure, and with a soft, almost appealing light relaxing the hard lines in Ms faoe, he commenced speaking. " Hugh," he said, slowly, "they call me a proud man, but I have oome here to beg aj great boon from you. Nay, let ine ge en," for I would have interrupted him. " Let t me say outright what I have oome te say," i he continued, stretching out his hands as though to silence me. "I want to tell you a little of my history." " You know, perhaps, that I was married twice. To you I do not mind admitting that my last marriage was an unfortunate one. Your grandmother was the only woman I ever loved, and it was her sea who took her plaoe in my heart—not Rupert's mother, muohleBs Rupert himself. Perhaps I am muoh to blame, but none the leas it Is a fact that the death of my second wife gave me little sorrow, and I have never bsen able te feel towards Rupert as a father should feel towards his Bon. And since that day when I knew that it was his evidence ; although he was right to give it) which had brought? irretrievable disgrace upon the; name of Devereux I have never been able —I say it to my shame—I have never been able to bear the sight of him." Sir Francis walked restlessly to the other end of the room, and then, returning, took up bis eld position. V For twenty years, Hugh, I have been a lonely, unhappy, man. Gradually I began: to lose ?dl pride and interest in our family name, and even the Court itself, every stone of which was once dear tome. Everything thst had made life endurable for me and pleMant had gone. My pride in, and love fer, my son who had gone away with my blessing to be where a Devereux should always be, in his country's battles, was suddenly blasted for ever. He disgraced our long line of ancestors, disgraced himself and me, and instead of falling on his sword, as he should: have done, came home here,- turned out of the army—a Davereux turned out of the army, to beg for my forgiveness 1" My heart was burnings bat I Judged it mseat to hold my peace. He had thrown his head back, and his eyes were sparklta* with auger. His frowning face was as stern and hard as marble, and, old man thouah he was, he looked terrible. he For went a moment on— there was silence, and tWfin " Enough of him l If it had been Rupert I might some day have forgiven hiih. Bus Herbert, my eldest s®n, who my desth must be the head of the Dnvereuxg—oh it Is a cursed, cruel thing I" * He turned his back upon me; and I heard a eorfe of gasping sob. 1 made a pretence of stirring the fire,and when I had finished he *« hitaaelf again. For twenty years," he went on, " I have lived alone with a leadea weight ef misery dragging me dowa almoBt to the grave. And yet I have struggled against vi the suupie reason that the thought el was ttlegrseeamau wfee qqm calling himself the head of the Devereuxs, and laying down to rest within the walls of Devereux Court, has kept me hanging on te life. My son a oewafrd 5 To ran away from the enemy! My God, what had I done to deserve this ? " " He was not a coward," I interrupted, passionately. '' Rupert lied i I know he lied! He was jealous I Jehu Hilton has confessed to me !" Sir Francis shook Ms head sorrowfully. " The word of a servant discharged without a ohar&cterls; worth very little, especially when it is directed against his master," he aaid. " No, Hugh, my boy, if you had lived as long as I have, aad had been a soldier, you would know that a court-martial never erre. It never convicts except on overwhelming evidence, and its judgments are absolute. General Luxton oame to see me when he returned to Eogland, and from him I learned the undoubted truth. " I remained silent. One might as well have talked to the Sphinx as' to this coldly obstinate, dogmatic old soldier. "I have come to make you an offer, Hugh," he went on in an altogether different tone of voice, " or rather to make you a request, and I beg yoa to remember that it is one whioh lies very near an old man's heart. I am ohlldless and lonely, and weary of seeing none but girls'faoes around me. Come and live with me as my grandson! Let that subject on which we o»n never agree, be buried between us 1 Why should you go away on a wild goose chase! _ Devereux Court ia your natural home. Come and live there." I stood up and faced him, He was very muoh in earnest, I could see, for the long white hand which rested upon the ohimney piece was . shaking, and his eyes were eagerly searching my face for its answer; but what it read there could not lave keen encouraging, for I never wavered for an Instant. "Sir Franois," I asked,firmly, "does a Devereux ever break Ma oath or negleot hts duty!" He sheok his head. "Never I" "Neither will I, then." I answeredt "my duty would never urge me to rnnonuoe my father, whose innooenoe I firmly believe . in, and if I did I should break my oath, Sir Francis. I feel for you, and I love Devereux. But what you ask I distinctly aad absolutely refuse." He .walked to the window, and stood there for a moment g&zing; aoross the park, ' with his bands behind Mm. Then he turned: round suddenly and commenced drawing on his dog-skin gloves. He held himself up in his usual stiff, soldierly manner, bat I could see that he was hart and deeply disappointed. " More than I have said I cannot say," he remarked, quietly. " Good-bye, Hugh ; make my apelogles to your Bister." I walked with him to the door, and watched him walk across the park with head bent more than usual, aud slow, weary footsteps. Oh, that I could succeed in my life's desire and bring him heme the son he loved I Wneft would I not give to attain my end! And yet, save through my Uncle '' Rupert, ho oould I poasibly succeed 1 My (Jncle Rupert! Was it not strange that Maud's father should be the man whom I hated mere than any one or anything on earth CHAPTER XXVHI. GOOD-BYE TO DEVEKEUX COTFFIT. Mr Holdem dined with us that evening, and when he and I had the tahle to ourselves, and little 'clouds of blue smoke began te curl upwards to the ceiling, he made a sudden .request to me. "I want you to let me have Marian at once/' he said, Why not let us be mar* " ried before yoa go u away ?" I raised but lew objections, for the plan suited me. But Marian, when we tollher,« protested that a month was much too soon, Strangely enoi^jh, however, when'I took her view, and rescinded my consent, she went over to the other side; so I gave in, MSA and It was settled as they wished. An aunt of Mr Holdern'a was written for, and - , arrived in a few days in a most excited • ' state, with two tin trunks and a box of caps. A dressmaker took up her abode ift , our other spare room, and peace at the o^. tage was at an end, Even ia my. gan&mn; ~ I was never safe, for Marias wttid keep waltzing in with her month full of pingan3 " '; her hair all disanauged, to beaeach nae to give my opinion as to the dr^ping of fii gown, er to inquire shyly, with a bloahlng : face, whether I thought Charlie wouldiiki . 4 . thiB or thatl Aifcogafcher those few lest - & weeks at tha cottage were not qaiet oaea. f Lady Olive came often aad assis^d eagerly at the grave consultations, fiui I saw her only lor a moment or two no* and then, for there were m»ay things oa the especially as I was going so sooa,«idl was out most nights till long after our tuual dinner-hour. Onee Maud came, but X 414 not see her, and! was glad of it If it had been poeeible l would have left Devereux withoat. ; another word with her. fittt that was mat o be. On the morning before the weddirg l saddled Black Prince myself,and tookhun out for a farewell ride. I would sooner say farewell to a man than a horse* any day The Black Prince had been my chief companion at' Devereox, acd a very one too. He had never been the same to anyone else, they told met in fact, he had IWm got the name of bexag a l^ate, bnt whenever I entered the stable he would wkinny : and rub his &*ad against m coat-sleeve, holding U titare gornetim»0, lookiag up a a at me out o? bis mild, bro »n pyes as though m Imploring me to take him cut. And no« I - was ridlsf him for the last time f Far tb.P. for a gallop, and felt him beuad j£*ay under me as he thundered over the : turf. For the last time be picked Up iig } e K S M clean as a Leleesteis^ire feunfeer, and flew over the park raiiiuga like a Wed. And then who should we meet, as though £o Bpoil our ride, hut Maud and her K^frftr csnterisg over the moor towards ua, Maud with flashing eyes and a color spricginf into her soft cheeks as she waved her whin ever so Bligktly, with a half-imperative settare. But I would see none of It. Wnai had Black Prince and I todo with themf the high stone wall which separated «* «d left them oa their way whilst he and I flew on towards *V, e iie^- Ute moorJand, beedlesa whiter w e ^ns, so that we were alone. Three days more ^ i g h a l i ^ a s r a y_ thi tZf^* mJ wh? ' 0XLt ^ o t * be*™ me. matter! Banish m such W 0 l k thoughts n with them! Away with that sweet,, sad face, with its proud %s and sorrowing eyest What are there to my Prince aud I, whilst we fly across the moorland/ over hedges and fences, wich the earth mmg beaeathand the wiud-s wept sky cSear and bright above! Live the ppeawifc Bary the past! "Welcome the future Ksgrets and haunting memories are the plagues of the devil. The Bltck Prince ana I will have none of them. Aa! tbat wais a wild ride. Tae wonder tome now is that we ever reached home esfeiy. But w e aid, and when we t'V I ayself, sad took tae l e < l hie k i m oat i a t o ot t f a e his 8 t a b mouth, l a an* thf» saddle feom hh b«ck. 1 watched him muQch his cQT8, asd cMntiiv thyasfe hu noBQ xato tfce backeccf chilli water, asd whea I turned away aad walked iuts tha house there wag a lums in ray thr jaf, A gentlemaa wes wajtiag B-^ oiv ia mv study, I wag tuld—mA wit&sai; hip ^led the m sad safer^d the Then I gave a great atari;, and my fingers closed vpon my ri&iag-whip;,for upon tlie hearthrug, hat in hand, stood my Uncle Rupert. Had he not have b&sa; Maud's father I should. have taken him by the neck an£ thrown him from the house. As it was, I stood waiting with the door in my hand and an angry sparkle in my eyes. " You are not pleased to gee me, Mr Arbuthnot," he began,n&rvouBly.; "I did not expect that you would be, Bat my daughter telle me that she has scarcely thanked you for your gallant -.-behavior the other night, and, as her father, 1 trusted that I might be permitted to come and offer you my most heartfelt thanks." : And this was my Uacle Rupert! this tall, thin man with the eager eyes and nerrouB manner, and sad, Bweefctenes. For, although 1 hated him, I could not help noticing that I had nsver heardaman's voice more pleasant toUateu to. W had oome the affected manners and thinly veiled snobbiem of my oouBin Francis? Not from his father. "I fear that Miss Devereux, In her very natural terror, has exaggerated the services X was; fortunate enough to be able to render her," I answered, idly. " I trust that she has reoevered from the shock." " Quite, thank yen. Mr Arbuthnot, there was another reason which brought me here. AllthreughmyHfe—whichhaBbeenamoBfc unhappy one—I have constantly been tronbled with the reflection that though >lnnocently( that you will not believe; bat no matter), I was the - cause of poor Herbert's' —your father's trouble. If I could render his son even the slightest service it would iw a great happiness to me. You are going to London, I hear. You know no one there, And yon have no Mends. Gould you not make my house your home ? Yon mil not' take the name of Devereux, I hear, but Mr Arbuthnotwonld always be a welcome and an honored guest/' "You have a conscience, then, Rupert Devereux? " I said, quietly. " I soaroely understand," he began, hesitatingly. " Let me expl^hi then," I said, looking at v Mm steadily. "It seems to me that, having wrecked my father's life by a a deliberate oonsplraoy, youare now seeking to expiate that most damnable sin by conferring favors upon his son, It will not do, Rupert Devereux!" I should have pitied him had he been Any other man, for heistood there looking distressed and disappointed. But, remembering who it was, I watched, him with a bitter, sneering smile. "Then there is nothing more to be said, I suppose," he remarked, with a sigh. had better go." " Yon had better go," I echoed. « The only words I shall ever care to hear from your lips will be a confession of your villainous lie. I cannet beUeve th^t you -will have theeourage to die with that ,foul sin on your conscience." * He moved his position, and then for the first lime I remarked how like he was in the outline of the face and the features to Maud. But the likenesi softeaed me not one whit towards him, whilst it made me feel harder towards her. He moved towards the door with a dejected gesture. " You are very hard," he said in a lo',y tone, " very hard for one so young. B ai IdareBay that, according to. your viev of the matter, you are right, quite right,. If then, Mi Arbuthnot. But if any time you shouia change your xni^^ come to me, Ilivelu Mayfair, Londop » He waited out, and," ^thox^aagwesisjg s igi mm his/arewellp I opese*? ^ the door,andlefc him go ni adenee. Thsp' wag mf fitsfc interview withmytJaele^ ^ C MT 0^8 Marian was msssied to MrHoIdem. IbwaBS Tesy qniefc wedding down at» e Ullage church, but it went off aantly, and Marian looked sharmher plain wMfce§atm gown and jag in e veil. As we were entering the ^rck 1 had a great surprise. Sir Frffiops devereux, in a black: frock-coat, and with an orchid in his ^tditonhole, called me, on one side for a momeBt, and asked for pst- S mission to give away tie bride, I would have preferred refusing such an umWl xequeBt—-unuetiftl, at any rate, as it gonial Beem to those who knewusas Mr and Miss I Arbntimoi->ut he looked eo m ^areeet that I could not find it m my heart to hurt hia feeluige. So, in ignorance oi J what they were beholding, tbe villagers of " Devereux saw Sir Francis give Ms gmaddanghter away,^whilst I, hie grandson, tocS a few yards behind. • A A woman once told me that, she always S S S s ? I S SSSS&tt;? S e 11 is BometMag in tihe fomer^xqmsitely, ] 7 thoughiOOrertiys pathetic; whilst in the l&ljter; case tears are so obviously the^eor xeet ^ing, that sometimes they absolutely i xefose to come! 1 feel certain that the tears were not fwfrom Sir Francis's ejos ( as he thook hands with us in the church- [G jjgL Perhaps tkeytwere not far Ther* were presents from nearly every j one at the Court, and a sealed envelope from Si* Fiancis, which, when we opeiwd | a ~ I had offered to make over to Marian; half' j of my little income, but "Mr Holdern was Xhey would have a good deal more money sow than they could spend in their quiet country borne, and eventually, feeling that Holders was sincere in his refusal, I bad { given way. Money would certaialy be useful, nay, necessary, for me in carrying oat fthe coarse oE action on which I lad ieoided. And so I kept it. One day longer I- had - to spend at Devereux, and * dreary day it was. All j &he; mon&g; 1 was busy balancing accounts I with the solioitor to the estate, and in the Afternoon I finishedmy packing: In the evening, after dinner, I wrote a note to Sir Francis, bidding him farewell. He would ^ t t r f ' i r X 1 ™ % I to be broken, and I had sworn that over { the threshold of Devereux Conrt I would J not pass, save with ^ my father. So wae compelled to write him Instead, but: I .did jny best to make my letter as cordial and gr&teiul; as possible, and within an hour &a; answer came back, short and informal. " Farewell, Hugh, my boy. Gad bless you, wherever yon may go, and remember always that though you may call yourself Hugh Arbuthnot, you are still a Devereux of Devereux, and this place is your home whenever you care to make it so.—E fet jours, "FRANCIS DEVEREUX." Through many lands and many years I oarrled with me that half-sheet of thick, heavily-oreBted notepaper.And yellowwitn age It reposes now m the secret: drawer •of 2ny cabinet. I sent no farewell to Maud. It were better not. My Maud she: could never be, thygh never another should take her pl&c;?. He she wou^d seon fofcget; I was not vsin enough to think otherwise^for * moment, Only yesterday 1 had seen her ridbg with that ill-bred prig, Lord Annerley, the eon of a iawyer peer, with all his father's innate vulgarity, and never a feather's weight of hiB brains. Let her have him if She would, him or any other—or let her flirt with him, lead him on by the beauty of her dazzling fair face and the glances oi her deep blue eyes. Let her flirt with him, and then throw him ever with a light fongfi as very likely ehe would have dene me. A figfor all women! An ounce of philosophy would weigh them all down in the scales of reason. But at twenty-four that ounce is bard to get i (To be Continued), 