m i s lllteek* ONE of tlii* earliest proposals of the CHAMHON, made fourteen mouths tigo, was us lo the formation of si cooperative bakerv. The Australian Co-operative Society Ltd. is now installed iu premises at 16 Klizabeth-strect, Xorlh Hichmond, near the corner ot Uoddle-strcet und Victoria-parade, und has commenced to manufacture brea^l " with the very best materials . . . on t he (•leanest, und most approved methods." This it will deliver first to the shareholders in the neighliourhood, extending the area as its trade grows. livery reader of this -journal should take out a £1 share without delay, and do his or her best to make the thing a speedy and great suece«.~"Thcr£ is a meeting of shareholders at S p.m. Thursday—lird September, at the hall of the Australian Chnreh, Klhiderivstrcct, Rev. C'HAS. .STROM;, D.D., ill Hie rhuir, to eJ'ect directors, etc. Shares can be taken out at this ineeting<m payment of Is application fee. '...-• In our issue of £lth JAijy, the attention of the Melbourne Hospital authorities was drawn to imposition upon the charity tliey aiiminister by two well-to-do persons—a bootmaker and a livery-stablekeeper. Readers will be glad to know that this liint was acted upon and compensation lias been made by the offenders. This paper is hall' in doubt as V) whether it is not shirking a painful duty in refraining from publishing their names and addresses, so that whatever emaciated public opinion exists amongst their neighbours might be directed against persons proved guilty of a form of dishonesty peculiarly mean at a time when the really poor are often turned away from the Hospital for want of room. Anyhow, it will let them off this time with the warning to whom it may concern that this leniency forms no precedent. Nineteen Chinese lepers have just been shipped from the Sydney lazarette to the land of their fathers, where the decaying .lolni is allowed to run about in freedom and is not feared to any very great extent by his nonetoo-particular brethren. Queensland ridded herself of another half-dozen unfortunates. Of the eighteen lepers still in Sydney, fourteen are whites—the majority natives of New South Wales who cannot be shunted to any other spot. Fourteen case6 of death iu life in one corner of the continent to bear testimony to the unsuitability of the Mongol to lire as neighbour to the Caucasian 1 Australia seems already to be a life-partner in the Leper Agony and the banishment of aliens will merely make a diminution of the eu leprosy makes the whole world kin. Heaven only know* now many unsuspected lepers there may be roaming untrammelled about this country. The writer chatted 011 this question with Dr. ASH uuHi'tiN TIKIMI'MIN, N.S.W. Government medical adviser. " You sec these portraits," be remarked. "Some gruesome B]**ciinens there, eli- O11 the other hand some of the poor creatures appear to be perfectly healthy. Look at this little black girl's face shining, not a sore upon it. Yet she was atllieted with virulent leprosy. Here is a white youth. Nothing the matter with him apparently. Not a mark 011 his whole body save a slight deformity of the lip that has nothing whatever to do with the malady. Another well defined ease. Nobody but an expert could tell that these two well' lepers. Vet I could diannose leprosy immediately upon seeing their faces." Now, leprosy cxjierls don't abound lo any large extent, and generally speaking it is only when a person i- so far decayed as lo lie noticed by his neighbours that his ease comes up for medical review. Accordingly-, it is quite possible that, many unsuspected leper.- are mingling with the throng, cultivating vegetables, working in factories —living, loving, and fighting in the manner af all men. Tliey fondle children with hands unscaly but leprous. Tliey plant love ami leprosv on the lips of wives and sweethearts. And when they ifo become aware of their own alllictiou they keep it secret to escape life-burial in a lazarettc. There is in Unite possibility in the Australian leper. A Sydney composer of saveloys named Scill'MAJLKIT was last week subjected to a fine of £10 with costs. An inspector had discovered a quantity of meat 011 his premises which admittedly was intended to wend its mysterious way in saveloy shape into the anatomies of the people. The meat aforesaid was green, decaying, dirty, and the smell of it was sufficient for all time. The sickcning stuff had to be buried deep underground so that the street curs should not root it up and poison themselves. Probably the enterprising SCHI'MAHEH had fed the hungry with illimitable saveloy in his time, and it is quite possible that lunch of that succulent mystery comprised the same description of green corruption as that person was fined lor. Under such conditions many an undertaker's job might be traceable to the indescribable influence of the saveloy. Vet it iE to be imagined that the v endor never thought for an instant that lie was practically guilty over and over again ol a much more serious crime than most of those which give occasion for " up at eight and down nt nine " ceremonials in the neighbourhood of Botany Bay. CAMU.LA writes, ou matters loo abstruse for mere malcE to descant upon " A study in Vice-Renal millinery might be advantageously neatly type-written for the benefit of succeeding Governor's wives and left in the Private Secretary's escritoire. Lady Luc 11 always wore dowager-like bonnets. Lady HOPEUPCN liked picture liats, though she sometimes wore smart bonnets at race meetings—the only public function which interested her ladyship. Lady BBASSEY cannot be complimented on licr head gear, and tliougli bonnets suit her better than hats (she made a favourable first impression in a pretty bonnet 011 the day of her arrival) she v ears large hats by preference." " The popularity of a Governor's wife if largely dependent on her dressing. Lady MADDEN, Acting Governess, was the admired of all women observers. Like t he Princess of Wales, she looks as young as her daughters (and sometimes younger), and no matter what the prevailing style of millinery, is always picturesque about the head. The secret*lies in her delicious little bonnets, the pride of ber milliner and the despair of those who try TO copy them. Lady CI.AKICE affects bine of all shades, a colour every woman of taste knows is unsuitable to the complexion of a brunette. A. lady dress-reporter, who resembles Lady MADDEN in tlmt she looks as juvenile as her two pretty daughters, is always an interesting study for other women. Her , bonnets arc poems, and she is as unlike the typical dress reporter with untidy Iiair and a general appearance of having clothed herself in a hurry as a racing cyclist if unlike an Archbishop. One might write, columns instead of paragraphs 011 the subject of bonnets and women who wear them." " L.U'V HHASSEY at the Sheep Show endeavouring to look interested was .a pathetic.sight, for prize sheep, unutterably greasy, with crooked horn und crinkled neck, are rather more mysterious than anything else in the animal kingdom. One finds it. diflicult to work up a kali-zoic interest in the merino until a judge—Mr. BOIIEBT CLARKE, of Bolinda Vale, or Mr. THOMAS SKEXK, clad in blue dungaree, steps into the open and Jovinglv parts the llcece—then, behold, a revelation, two walls of silky creamy wool so fine that it seems a solid ma^s liven those oily Elizabethan rallies when thus jwrtcd suggest the perfection of winter wear." " In one sense the writer felt she bad an advantage over LADY HRASSEY, as she has frequently sat 011 a • fence in short frocks watching grand champion merinoes fighting, and wondered what their skulls are made of. There were a few tailor-made maids present, and one wonderful something from the country that may either have been a girl of thirteen or a woman of thirty, but wore short skirts, large prunella boots, and walked round unconcernedly hand in liand with a young man -who might have been an cscaped exhibit." Last -week the Australian Sheep Breeders' Association held its annual show and dinner. The occasion * was graced by vice-regality, squattcrdom, and (he wool brokers. It was also announced that the secretary's ealary had not been paid for three years. Rev. W. H. FITCHETT distinguishes himself in many directions—as Australian Editor of the Beview of Reviews, as President of the Methodist Ladies' College, as author of " Deeds that Won the Empire," and as leader- writer for the Argus : but he got into hot water last week—as Wesleyan orator at the Church Congress. The language he used was not particularly strong in itself; but coming from a parson in the presence of reporters it got undue attention. The Argus smooths over matters for its leader-writer as follows— The allegation tliat iu some of the sentences passed in tbe Supreme Court we see " heathenism in on ermine robe Bitting o» tbe judgment seat" lias been handsomely withdrawn, but experienced citizens recognised iu it at once evidence not of tbe moral laxity of the Bench but of rhetorical excitement ou tbe part of the orator. The manner of Mr. FITCHETT'S withdrawal is not able enough. lie says: " I spoke without premeditation and from my momentary recollection of the case referred to." is this « method characteristic of Wesleyan Orators ? As a rule mayoral luncheons have to be discussed before the oratory that follows can be understood, and perhaps BEST'S fine large reference to the " Balance of Trade"- »t Fitzroy (this week should not be taken too seriously. He said:— An excess of exports over imports was not always an index of prosperity, bnt it showed that we were sending away more value than we were required to pay. He considered tbat tlie exports of a country should always be fairly and reasonably ahead of tbe imports. If "we are sending away more valne than we are required to pay" and are getting no value in return, then "we" arc fools. The excess of Victorian exports over imports may show that the people are laying up treasures in some distant land, or that they are paying interest on borrowed loans, or that the imports are undervalued, or that the exports have been overvalued; but if it is meant to indicate that Victoria is prosperous, then the blame must be put on the mayoral luncheon. When the measure to extend the hours of municipal polling was before the Legislative Council a year ago BAIFOI E said it would lead to more drinking at public houses, Dowi.ixu said it would keep unfortunate returning-oflieers and polling clerks shivering until a late hour, WALLACE said four o'clock was quite late enough for people to be out voting, and SArnsE said it would prevent the results being in next day's paper. For these ridiculous reasons the measure was murdered. It was introduced again this year aud passed with amendmeiits practically confining it to -the metropolitan area. The Argus account of the effect of the extension of the hours in two districts is given as follows :— BHUNSWICK. The polliug hours being erteiided from 5 to 7 o'clock proved very acceptable, especially to working men, and us an in&taucc; of its popularity it moj- lie mentioned that not less than f '< per cent. of tbe votes recorded were lulled after 5 o'clock, tbe pre. vious time for closing the poll. Oonvny. The extension of the hours of polling was apparently greatly appreciated by tt large numl-er of electors, some 310 votes being recorded after 4 p.m., or one-third of the total nnmVr polled during tlie day. Tile practice adopted bv municipal councillors of providing the mayor with an allowance, so that he may provide theui with drink, is again made prominent by the proceedings of 31st August. South Melbourne gives its mayor £150, Port Melbourne provides £511, Fitzroy £200, St. Kilda £150, l'rabran £200, and Ifuwthorn £200. If these allowances were to provide some entertainment for tbe general body of the ratepayers, it would be only mony returning to its owners. Hut its object is to let the councillors have a liberal supply of lush for themselves aud their election committees at the expense of the ratepayers, and, after all, who can blame tliein wlieu the ratepayers are so complaisant ? Malvern Shire Council is promoting a petition iu in favour of declaring the district a borough, the principal object being to raise the status of the l'resident. Commercial editor THODY had fi very charming article in the Arguf la6t week about the possibilities of a rise in real property, i.e., rents. He regards it as a most desirable thing that rents should rise, and he points out delicately that enforcement of (he sanitary regulations would reduce the surplus empty houses. Mr, Tnotiv says — It is true that there are still between 5,000 and ti,000 houses voouit, but the number is much less than a year ago, while it may reasonably be doubted whether the insanitary portion of this property ought to exist at all. Certainly in London it would not exist, for its demolition would l>e quickly ordered. Of tbe 5,000 or C,000 vacant houses about oae-half are sitaafe in only three districts, viz., Collingwood, South Melbourne aud Bruuewick. This is n fairly tangible hint to the Health Officers at Collingwood, South Melbourne, and Brunswick, to do their duty in the interests of a rise in rent. A11 interesting reference is made to the Gregory King law in agriculture, which indicates that a small surplus means a large fell in price. Mr. THODY would lessen the surpluB of houses by destroying some of the:n, especially as only the poorer sort of landlord would be affected. The article is quite enthusiastic about the supreme advantage of high rents, and the possibility that rents will soon go up. Mr. THODY is a very cheerful person. A correspondent wants to say that Professor TI CKER'S lecture on Hellenism and Hebraism was to the .Tews a stumbling block and to the Greeks foolishness. But it was in fact a capital lecture and thoroughly enjoyed by a fine audience. Dear " CHAMPION,"—MagnifiofSit bit from the HernM 1 correspondence column: , Centaur write*;—Would you ldndly allow me to ask through the medium of your columns if any of your readers emi give me any information -regarding the origin of the horse r—See (reaesiB, chapter 2. Theu, of course, there is the Darwin view and other theories. Any right-thinking person knows tliat the horse is Nature's protest against the bicycle.—BIT. " The doors of the Town Hall were opened at 2.20 on Saturday, 22nd August, instead of 2.30 as advertised by the advertisers of MARSHALL HALL'S concert. At 2.2."> all the shilling tickets were sold. As they were not procurable elsewhere, this was something like a breach of faith, and caused many people to be disappointed. Br the way, couldn't the shilling area be extended a little ? Music-lovers arc often necessarily poor in purse."— )). A. CAVI>. Tasmanian tailoresses are making sac coats for 2s hd, trousers for !)d, and vests for !)d. Of course, being unorganised, the sweater s victims are unable to raise the ghost of a protest, and the legislature is too busy granting facilities to land-grab railway companies to bother about the rate of remuneration paid to common trouser-hands. The daily Press is hopelessly gagged bv Die need for securing its daily bread per medium of Government and sweaters' advertisements, and abjectly crawls in the dust to do honour to the glorious Trinity of Competition, Cheapness and Company-promoting. Meanwhile the coming Labour Party is still a very small speck in the political horizon. The general hopelessness has a grotesquely ludicrous side. " Tattersall " ADAMS finds a home in Tasmauiu, and is a tenant of Tasmania's titled Treasurer. The consideration is a high rent for the premises, and an addition of £13,000 to the Post Office receipts. Then, at every opportunity, the aforesaid titled Treasurer essays to set all the other Austral'ias ou the right track concerning matters of morality aud federal financing. The of insularity ! A receut peculiar attempt to make cohabitation, as well 11s marriage before a proper officer, essential to support- a claim for maintenance by the wife, raises the question as to whether the marriage contract can be set aside 011 the ground of fraud. In theory, it seem*, fraud is a ground, but very few cases are 011 recent record. Tbe ordinary courts are practically bound by the marriage certificate, but it is just possible that the alleged facts of this particular case might be uiude the basis of a suit for " nullity of marriage," which was a very common one in the old " banns " days, but is now almost whollv conGned to in earner'"' cases. JULIET was under 16. Therefore, the jury should refuse to convict n modern BOMEO for seducing a girl under that age, and should assert their right (I") of re. pealing legislation that is opposed to popular sentiment. Such was one of Mr. GAUNSON'S arguments, boiled down, in a recent " age of consent" case. " To such baie uses," etc. The flower of the drama of Bouiance cited in a Melbourne criminal court by a Melbourne lawver! The eternal GLADSTONE in the New Review for July, on " Man-Making and Verse-Making," expresses a poor opinion of the poetry tliat has been made during the past half-century, declaring that it is putting the case moderately to say that among-the volumes of verse printed in Great Britain during the last 50 years, 1!) out of every 20 have no literary form that can preserve them or make tbein worth preserving. At a luncheon given to the members of the London Reform Union by Sir .TAMES BRA'THE, at his magnificent dairy farm near Hamstead, Essex, the host read a lettor from Sir WM. HAHCOCRT, saying "I should be glad to know what you find to be average yield of milk and butter per cow per annum, and what you regard as the. average annual value of the gross produce per head. The fact that we should be beaten out of the field by ' Denmark does not seem creditable to our national intelligence." If tbe national intelligence of England should be so awakened as to drive Danish butter out of the Euglisb market, how will Victorian butter fare 'i Here as in tbe old country the kind of fertilizer chiefly wanting to make farming pay is—bruins. 