CHAPTER XX, (t ' Tnko thy boak from out my honvfc, And thy shadow from my door.' Quoth tho rnvon : ( Novoi'moro.' ' Botwoen tho north of Cornwall and the south lios a groat range of hills, running down like a backbone through the country— strong,atoney,and bare on the north j groon, wooded, and froah on tho couth sido. - Amid tho foldings of these hills, darkening in the July twilight, yet faintly gllsteningin tha rising ' splendor of the July moon, stood a small, louoly inn. Itrfltood in auoh solitude and silenoo that tho weak of its sign-board—' The Throe Cornish —was ft audible and distinot to tho oar as aolap of thundor would bo in a noisy town. On either sido of this cottage inn, the road, with abruptness, wound around intervening hills and vanished from view, leaving a sudden sonso of loneli ness on tho mind. Straugo oohoos wandered down at timos from these torsj and shadows crept xip them like gray ghosts, darken ing their awful gloom. The gorge through whioh tho road was out wound along between tho fold ings of tho hills in wildost solitude. Travellers wore few and rare, coaohos now woro (load and gone, pack-mules had povishod long ago j vans alono re mainod, passing with lumbering rattle on markot-dnys, waiting up tho lone echoes, whioh slept again another seven days. Tho railroad took all tho traffic The littlo iun ]ookod bare, aad, and deserted j and tho threo choughs, like ravens, kept watch over its dosolatiou. It stood somowhat back from the road, in what was once a fair gardon; but patches of herbs and vegetables, mingled with thin, weedy ilowors, un tondod and straggling pinks and London prido springing ovor tho paths, gavo it now a look of rnggedness and ruin. Liko the inn itsolf, it bore an air of desolation, and appealed mournfully to tho passor-by, as though it whispered— ' Once I wa3 lovoly and bright, and touded by goutlo hands j but thoy are dead and gone, liko tho merry paoks of drovors who camo by, aud liko the bugle-sounding mails, aud all tho fair assombly of lifo thoy carried, suuk now into duBt and asho3.' A broken gate shut tho gardon from tho road, aud on tin's, swinging it to and froliko a child, stood a strange, bou* flgui'O, with long, unkempt hair sprink led with gray, and rostless eyes, peering up and down tho darkoning road with uncoi'taiu glancos, 'Comoiii, Qiu'nevoi1!' cried nu old, quavering voioo from bonoath tho oi'oitkihfi1 Bigu-boavd. ' It'a timo for ohilder to bo abod.' ' 'Let mo bide a bit, mother. Tho mail-coaoh bo coming ! Gwinny will xxm out and got a penny then,' ' Hark to tho poor -dear !' returned the old woman, apparently apostrophis ing the throe blaok qhotigha groaning slightly in the wind, 'And there hav'n'tbin narra coaoh upon tho road for twenty wisht years. Come in, Gwinny j tho coaohea bo dead as Tr'ogoaglo, and thore'll bo no pennioa rolling in tho dust to-night! ' But poor idiot Gwinny never moved, exoept to swing the gate a little faster, and point down tho southorn road with a laugh on her shrivelled face. ' Plenty of pennies for Gwinny! Coaoh is coming, mother j nil ablaze with gentry. Quiok 1 draw somq boer for the men, and get milk for tholadieB —tho pretty ladios who pat Gwinny on the head, and say she's a protty child, worth gold to hor mother I' ' Lord help us!. What a memory she havon-got ! So they used to in the old tiraoa, afore the fever took her and made an innocent of her. Yes, yes 3 so thoy used ! and a pooty child, she was too. Now, Gwynny dear, mothor is going to fotoh you in.' Sho went down the garden, and put her hand on her daughter's ? arm, then stood still, amazed. Up through tho windings, of the pass floated a weird ooho, liko tho roll of multitudinous wheels and tho tramp of a troop of horse. 'Savons!' ojaoulatod tho ancient possessor of ' Tho Choughs.' ' Our Gwinny be right ! There's the echo 0^ the mail-coach, sure enough ! ' Tis tho ghost of tho ould Quicksilver, maybe, and Tregeaglo driving!' A mingling of curiosity and of awe settled on her wrinkled f aco, n3 with hand upon hor oar she stood listoniug to tho wild sound rushing up tho gorge Tho solitudo of tho hills, their solemn shadows, thoir time-worn legends, had set a spell upon hor from her birth, and old and withered as sho was, a mingling of poetry, of superstition, o£ old-world storiog iu hor auciout brain, which would have been a niino of riohea to a searoher for dying traditions. ' Yos, yoa ; first tho ocho, then the conch— wo alwnys hear afore it rattles in. Pennies for Gwinny to-night ! Ploaso comb my hair and make mo protty before tho ladios come, mammy ;' aud with a childish smilo, tho poor idiot woman looked in her mother's face, and appealed to her worn, bloared eyes for maternal approval of hor boauty. Tho coho hud ceas6il, but tho sound of tho Avheola and of |the horses' was a roalitynow in tho air, travolling rapidly through tho dirono3s,bringing|grnesomo Sonce of expectanoy with it— afeavborn of the solemn hills and solitude through whioh it rolled. 'It's a hearsay said Gwynny, sud denly, olutohing at' her mother's arm with a low ory of terror. ' Look there's its shadow on tho hille. Who ia coming in it dead, mother?' . . , Promoted by tho setting sun a hugo shadow of the coming vehicle was flung upon the hill abovo tho road, and the lower part being hidden, tho portion visible oertainly had a weird look of waving figures on it, whioh might b* the plumes of a hearse. Old Widow Trohorne, of' Threo Choughs,' had thoughts regarding this vision which she would shut up in hor mind till Sunday ; then, at tho Metho dist meeting, sho might tell them of it as a warning and experience. But scarcoly had this resolve floatod dimly through hor auoient, hillshad owod mind than tho ghostly vision vanished, and, sweeping round the snbdon turn, thoro dashod jnto her astonishod sight a carriage and four horses, with liveried men-servants on the outsido seats. Up to tho broken gate tha horses swung in a rapid trot, aud horo, with a sudden sworvo backwards, thoy were pulled up, and stood still, steamiug. Tho iiiBtant this occurred tho idiot Gwinuy was in tho road by tho carriage door, holding out lon,«, lean hands, beg ging childishly for pennies, ' Is there a gentleman horo who camo on horseback, waiting for Lady Martock ?' asked a clear but thin voice; and then, confronting Gwinny's ugli ness, there appeared at the carriage windew a faco olearout, pale, aud beautiful, with a hard and weary look in its glitoring oyes. Gwinny grinned in answor, and the over-awed owiier of ' The Coughs' came forward and thrust hor asido. 'No, ma'am; no [gentry hav'n't passed by to day.' U ' Have you somo kind of sitting-room in whiolt I can wait a littlo while I' ' Yes, ma'am, a very nice room. And I'll warrant it clean ; nobody have set in 'un theso ton year gono.' ' Then I will alight and wait till the gentleman arrives,' returned Lady .Martook, undeterred by this inviting description. (To bo continued)* 