POLITICAL MEETINGS. ME GRAINGER AT WALLiEOO. On Thursday la*t Mr ff. A.. Grainger addressed a crowded and appreciative meeting of electors at Wallaroo. His Worship the Mayor (Mr J. Evans), who presided, apologised tor having been de tained at a special C mocil meeting a few minutes after itae advertised time namely, 8 p.m. Mr GBAINGEB was greeted with load applause, and throoehoit his speech, which occupied over an hour, he w«a ac corded a most flittering reception. He said my engagement is At an end, and before asking yon to again accept my ser»ices for another three years let me most heartily thank you for the excessively kind and generous treatment i have al ways received from yon in the past. Wallaroo will always arouse feelings of affection and gratitude io my heart, for r should he singularly selfish and dull indeed if I did not hppreeiate the con fidence in me which you have shown and which I trust 1 have not forfeited. (Hear, hear.) At the present most of the ex-members who are seeking re-eleo tion are reminding the electors of what they have done for their districts. They believe rightly that there is a great deal of troth io tbo*e lines of Gilbert's In this world, if you wish to advance, You must stir it and stamp it, And blow your own trumpet, Or you haven't the ghost of a chance. j (Loud laughter.) Yes, you haven't the ghost of a chance, but In spite of this I shall not attempt to refresh memories to night by reminding you of the benefits your members ha*e secured for this district. To do so would be to waste time which had better be devoted to other and more important matter*. I do not solicit the votes of such electors whose patriotism oan only be prodded by the promise of a new Post Office or, perhaps, another policeman, and whose views on all public questions are decidedly hazy. (Hear, hear). BIENNIAL ELECTIONS. In the promising policy of the Premier the proposal to institute biennial elections occupies a prominent place;, There may be some advantages m the idea, but suoh are outweighed by serious disidvan!ages. Tde chief object is to avoid election contests, with the attendant expenses to the country and to the candidate, but we have no guarantee that this would follow. However popular a member may be, there is generally someone who perhaps thinks the district will be benefitted by a little more public and private expenditure. Nomination cost nothing, and then, although the old member m«y be returned by an overwhelming majority, any person irom any part of the colony can force an election if aided by only two l<?cal nomi nators. There is a Qtop oi over *-^0 candidates to-day, and a portion of the disappointed will always be ready for the next opportunity. (Hear, hear.) There is another and more serioqs objection. The face of Hansard is more than suffi - ciently defiled by broken pledges. If tbo term be increased from three years te four we shall have more broken pledges. The older electors remember how hard a battle had to be foujht to secure the triennial Parliament. (Hear, hear). This WJS one of tbe fl»e point? of the chartists and has been adopted in the colonies. Are we to go backwirds? Of course, the members would nat object to bo elected for thirty veers, but we as electors have every right to object strongly against part ing with tbe privileges we have now. (Hear, hear.) SINGLE ELECTORATES. There is ho necessity for biennial elections wbere we can have jingle electorates, which are 90 popular in the Eastern Colonies an3 in the old country. This, of course, would necessitate a divi goa of the electoral dis'rists, and I am suTe you will agree with me that we have an instance in Wallaroo where a new divisiqn is earnestly desired, and justly demanded by a very large number of the electors. (Hear, bear.) EJ.EC/IVE MINISTERS. It is not likely-^in fact, it is highly impossible-that Parliament will consent to pass a Bill of this sort. It is proposed by a Ministry, the members of which think that under this system there is a better cbanse of their coming back sooner to the offices they are about to vaaate. I thought tliQt I had sTiot that thin* last session. (Laughter.) ? The Legislative Council is to have no voice io selecting anyone of the six ministers, not even of the represgntive i« the Upper House. Some candidates seemingly expect that a measure of this sort will command a majority a>inongst th3 Gounaillors, but^ if they take a little trouble to ascertain, they will discover that they are widely mistaken. Supposing it were otherwise. Supposing that by appealing to each member's vanity and ambition the Bill should pass. What then ? The flatterer, the all-thiugs-to-all-men, the trickster, tbe cheat, tbe bully, the beggar of billets, and the wealthy man, who wants as cheaply as possible a title of Honourable for life or to write K.G.M.G. after his name, has a better opportunity of being selected than a more capable .and better man. (Hear, hear.) Financial corruption, jobbery of all sort", and log-rolling which spells mine would, be rampant. To secure a majority the mem bers would promise anything-r~9®y mem bers billets, an addition to' this school, or a new school, or post office, or other de mand, because if he did not bis^ com petitor would. It would disorganize the Civil Service, create constant (crises and demoralize Parliament. We should wit ness ministers abusing one another as they have done when on opposite aides of the House. (Hear, hear.) The At torney-General wonld try to plunge the colony into a never ending law suit with Victoria over tbe disputed boundary. (Hear, bear.) The Ohief Secretary might take another view, while the Treasurer would be forced to take one side or the other and South Australia would conse quently become tbe laughing stock of the whole civilized world. Hear, bear.) No where on this earth or under this earth history shows as nothing-like it in the the past-is such a system in vogue. Io Switzerland, the ministers though elected, do not sit in Parliament, end we could save £6,000 a year of the salaries of the ministers by insisting on tbe heads o' departments coming down to Parliament for orders. The proposal suggests tbe idea of two men in a boat pulling in op posite directions and spinning round without making any progress. There is no necessity to brief ministers, they are inconsistent enough as it is. . I sincerely trust we shall hear no more of it. (Hear, bear.). CONSOLIDATION OF THE DEBT. This is a most important measure which Parliament has to deal with. A measure jf.tbis k<nd should have been passed by. the last Parliament, bat unfortunately the Treasarer seems still unable to under stand what is required. He is not the only man who cannot grasp the principle .pf consolidation For our literary leaders appear to be still unacquainted with the A B 0 of the question. Yet it is simple enoagb. There are really only two points to consider. Is it well to wait until the bonds fall due? Secondly : Will the holders of these bonds agree to take new stoufe now on terms mutually advantageous to borrower and lender p It is argued by Mr Holder and otiers that it is impossible to have terms mutually beneficial. Such, how ever,-is not the case, as any one may see. Take the market quotations of the buying and selling rate of our 6 per cent., 5 per cent,, 4 per cent., 3^ per cen'., and 3 per cent, bonds, and w<s find that if we buy into any oae of them we shall receive about 3 per cent, per annum for our money. In other words, whether we invest £100 in 6, 5, 4, 3|, or 3 per cents, we shall only receive equal to about £3 every year as interest. And very naturally so, because if one investment paid better than another it would soon attract more investors. (Rear, hear.) Let us take the other side. Supposing we desired to sell ; what do we find P We first of all discover (hat there is a diffe rence of £7 between the buying and | selling price of a 6 per cent, bond ; a | smaller difference between oar fives, fours, and threo-and-a-bslfs; or only 5s or a quarter per cent, in the threes. It would therefore be to the advantage of the holder of 6 per cents, if we offered him in stick an amount equal to 2 per cent, above what he can now obtain. We sboald even then be buying cheaper by 5 per cent, than we can in the open market. Thus consolidation would be both in the inte rests of borrower and lender. (Hear, hear.) Mr Grainier then at some length pointed out why many trustees would not invest in bonds or stock at a premium. Returning to the time when consolidation should be effected he said : " It has been truly pointed out by a fiiancial authority io England that the Colonies cannot dispose of stock in London during a panic. Money now was ex ceptionally cheap there on ac count ohiefjy of leqders requiring gilt-edged securities and especially selecting short investments of 10 days and three month*. Money is cheap every where because Capitalists both great and small lack confidence, and it behoves us all to encourage and stimulate confidence, so tbat more money may be invested in colonial enterprise*. Money though cheap now may and probably will become dearer nntii we have another boom, followed by a financial crish, such as we have witnessed here and at ore recently in Melbourne, where thousands of hard working men and women were suddenly discharged owing solely to the employers being unablp or unwilling to provide money to carry on qperatioqs. (Hear, hear.) It is, .therefore, necessary that as statesmen we should look ahead and instead of waiting iii|til oqr bills for about three millions become due, that we should obtain $ renewal on better terms now. It is simply childish policy to run tbe risk of a panic which means starva tion to tbe poor and a loss of private as well as public credit, to run the risk of a panic occurring at the time when our bond folders have to be paid, and only an inoompeibent Treasurer would aivocate such a policy. (Hear, hear.) Qua Finances Are drifting to the t>aJ, The annual deficiency in the Norther Territory like a leak in the roaf mast be stopped or we shall have to pay dearly for our neglect. Tbe Government boast of an economy which' meant smaller expenditure on labour in iqaintaining roads, and in repairing Q<K rolling stock «od railway track*. We found as 9 rept|H of this smaller expenditure on labour that our Custom duties fell off. Mr Holder stated that our taxation per head is the smallest in Australia, but he neglects to tell us that tbe taxes oa an expenditure of £100 is about the highest. Oar contribution per bead is small because 'we are so hard up-(Hear, hear.)--and not having the money to spend, do noi contribute so much as we should like to do. IJonbte our incomes and tbe taxation per head through the Custom will soon rapidly advance. (Hear, hear.) To inspire con fi fence and restore credit we must adjust our finances, and any Ministry which fails to dp this is not deserving of any support. (Hear, bear.) CHEDIT Foncieb. To say that the establishment of this institution, which at first was opposed by the Government, has lowered the rate of interest is absurd. In these colonies if better interest can be obtained in any one of then) money goes at once, and is fre quently telegraphed, Tbe aiqoant ad vanced is at present small and could not possibly have had any effect on the money tnarfcet. When the Government offereJ stock io Adelaide last year tbe Sydney Directors of an Insurance Company applied through their agent for a large amount, and if to- morrow money commanded a better rite in any one ot these capitals than in the others the rate must be raised in the latter fall in the former. (Hear, near.) It unfortunately happens that the struggling farmer who most stands i'i need of financial assistance can obtain | none under the Act. On the other hand on Y ILLAGE SETTLEMENTS tbe Government has bpen lending money lavishly, moqey which should have b~en devoted to the relicutation of tbe Beeia loo and other public works of a reproduc tive character. (Hear, hear). Tiie Go vernment, though only £12 10a was overdue from over 10,000 workingmen's blocks for six months has deprived tbe owner of a workingman's block, near Wallaroo, of an advance of £50 to wbicb he is entitled. He cannot pay sime £20 he owes in consequence, and tbe workman to whom tbe money is due, is out of work and has a large family. (Shane). This is the Kingston Policy of which the Min istry ought to be thoroughly asbvmed. (Hear, hear.) BEETAI<OO. Blockers in the Beetaloo area, although tbo mains are close to them, cannot gel tbe water laid on ; no, not even if they guarantee a high rate of interest. Tney must have water for cultivation anJfoi domestic purposes and certainly cannot condone as occupiers if they have to go to the expense of carting. A Urge sum of money is available for further reticu'ation, but the Government on one plea or another are proceeding to carry out the the work eo eloirly tbat men are toting heart as well as their property. (Hear, bear.) In Wallaroo tbe revenue amounts to over 23 per cent, on the eost of reti eolation. It is over 18 per cent, in Kadma and Moonta. Reduction in the charge for excess is of no advantage to the la (te majority of ratepayers in town and coun try, and what we require is a different system of rateing. (Hear, bear.) I believe in a small construction rate and a charge for the «ater actually used. (Hear, hear.) The Beetaloo most be maie to pay, and it never would pay interest until managed on business priociples. (Hear, hear.) DEVELOPMENT. Before building railways to carry sheep we must set to work-to find minerals, and to do.-ihis what we reqnire are water routes,-so that the prospector can go into the interior «itbout fesr of death from thirst. Money has been voted for this and for years past employed for other purposes. Further mineral de*el6penaent would not only benefit the Wallaroo Smelting Works, of which we are so justly proud-(hear, bear)-and whicb are by far tbe Guest in Australasia-(hear, bear) - but weald enrich South Australia iod enable us to pay our way with greater ease. (Hear, hear). IN CoNCLosroir. Tbis time of difficulty and distress is not to be enred by internal quarrels, by pitting class against class, by dispensing with discipline, by foolish expenditure, and still more fooiista fads, bnt it can and no doubt will 4>e met by the electors put ting aside small differentes, working shoulder to shoulder, and returning mem bers who pledged themselves to re-adjust tbe finances. (Load cheering). Mr GBAINGEB said he had not seen sufficiently sound or substantial reasons advanced for tbe construction of either the Koppertnana railway or the graving dock. He was opposed to the Govern ment proposal to lower the exemption on insome to £75 and was always in favour of raising exemption as high as obtain able in Parliament. In answer to other questions, he had opposed tbe Civil Ser vice reduction. We conld not afford a Capitation Grant, and he was opposed also to an increase in the Land Tax. 