Last Tale of the ^explainable Jouson's Flea-bitten Grey. fBv Ernest Favenc.) - ^~jT~* O you remember that grey horse -: mjn/\\\ of Jonson's? said Jim. Maybe it Xw) J was not In your time; at any rate r*^F\M his was the only ghost-horse I _5-S-— ^^ ever saw. or spoke to. Moreover, lie was a very exceptional horse. In the first place he was said ia be one hundred years old. Now you know the average age of a horse I suppose? This horse, this flea-bitten grey of Jonson's had. just succeeded to his hundredth birthday, when Jonson came in to possession of him. Greys get .flea bitten with age, and this horee was about the worst flea-bitren horse you ever clapped your eyes on. In point of fact, he need. not have been called a grey at all, except as' a matter of courtesy, and you must be civil to a horse occasionally. Now, as I state* before, when Jonson got this horse he was just one hundred years old. How do you know that? This wav. Jonson's brother married Sally Par sons; he was a ™i I never liked, because, although be was a hard smoker, he never carried any matches with him. ' What has Sally Parsone'6 husband to do with it? Come to think of it, 1 don't know, I was only re freshing my memory a bit. . Jonson got the horse from his father, and his father got the house from hie father, and as both of them each lived for fifty . years, that made 100, didn't it, when Jonson got the horse? Anyhow, that's how he reckoned it When I knew Jonson he was boundary-riding, and, like these men often do, he got gloomy and out of sorts; used to be always talking to himself. Most of these fellows who live all alone get queer that way. One day he came to me and said: 'Jim, what is the best thing to do with that horse?' 'Keep him till he dies or sell him; his keep doesn't cost you anything.' . 'Now,' he replied, scarcely heeding me. 'I ask you, as e. white man, is it natural for a horse to live over 100 yeans. I tell you it's preying upon me, and either that* horse or myself must succumb under the strain. Which is It to be?' 'Don't be a fool, Jonson,' I said. 'Go home and let the horse be.' He left me, remarking that there was bound to ba trouble between him and the horse soon, and I did not sec anything more of him for some time. About three weeks afterwards he came to me again, and sat down by the fire; it was winter time. 'I had to do it,' he remarked, as he knocked his pipe out, 'I tried all I knew .to get that horse to talk, but it was no good.' 'To get him to talk! Do horses generally talk, then?' 'No, not as a rule, but a horee 100 years old ought to be able to. Just fancy all he could remem ber about the colony. Why he would have made my fortune. Thinls X was going to lose that. Not me.' 'So you killed him?' 'Yes, it was necessary, there was nothing else to be done.' 'Why necessary?' 'I keep telling you. That horse would not talk He used to grin at me, and try and express his ideas that way. But I couldn't understand him. No, that hcree mistook bis vocation. He was meant for a man.' 'Well, Jonson, you're simply a common-place kind of idiot. You could have got a fiver for that horse, old as he was.' 'Perhaps I am. Never mind, that horse had to talk or die; and he was obstinate — and died.' Jonson got up, kicked my dog, and started home. I knew what was the matter with him after I had meditated over his case a bit. The ghost of tint horse was' haunting him, and making things lively. Now listen, I love ghosts; they are twelve-fig to bacco to me; so I thought I would go and camp with Jcneon for a few days, and find out what was really, the matter. Jcnson had a dog, a bad dog in every day. Ha ccuid eat strychnine bait without a wink. Thia dog and the flea-bitten grey had never been friends. The dog considered the horse too old, and the horse tli ought the dog too young. I have my suspicions that the dog prompted Jonson to the killing of tha horse, but I couldn't bring it home to him. Thia dog was quite altered. He would constantly start and shiver, and give little yelps and howls. Jonson used to kick him for it, and when I found out the real cause I actually pitied the dog, bad as he was. The shade of that old horse used to come round and worry the life out of that dog. He'd insist on his listening to his yarns, and when the dog did not laugh hi the right place, he'd suddenly materialise himself, and kick the dog. The dog never had a chance, for before he could get a bite in the horsa was a ghost again. One second he was a materialised horse, kicking a dog, hard; the next he was a spec tre, and it's no good biting a spectre. What between, the materialised kicks outside and Jonson's kicks in side, it was not a fair deal at all. I made up my mind to interview this ghost and try and induce him to stop his visits, for Jonson waa getting decidedly loony. So, one moonlight night I went outside about the time that Jonson said tha horse usually came. The ghost turned up to time, but for a long lame 'he would only grin at me, and go off into a horse laugh. At last I asked aim what the joke was. 'I'm laughing at that fool, Jonson,' he said. 'The as thought I was 100 years old when he killed me.' 'Well, everybody thought bo,' I said, on behalf of Jonson. 'Didn't you belong to hie grandfather?' 'Bah! I wasn't 20 when he killed me. Besides, Jonson never had a grandfather.' 'But he must have had eom& sort of a grand father,' I suggested. 'Yes, if you put it that way, of couise he had, but I don't suppose he was anything to blow about, or that- he ever owned a horee in his life. But what do you want interfering here for? I'm enjoying my self, which is more than I did when I was alive.' 'I tried my best to get Jonson to let you alone,' I replied. 'He was a bit off before, but if you keep this racket up I'm quite sure he'll go clean cranky.' 'Serve him right; but can you suggest any other kind of amusement?' \- I thought for a bit, and then his kicking the dog put an idej. into my head. 'You could have had great fun on the road,' I said- 'You could materialise your self and eat up the bread and sugar and salt in the travellers' camps, and nave all manner of high jinks.' 'Never thought of it,' said the ghost. -'Tell Jon eon I won't worry him any more, but that I shall have an occasional kick at that dog.' As he spoke he graduallly faded away. 1 went back and told Jonson of my success. He ?was very grateful; owned up that the -ghost horse bad been preying on his nerves, and that he felt like a new man. In spite of all that, the ungrateful brute turned dog on me in the end. I told you that Jonson's brother married Sally Par sons. I knew she had something to do with the yarn, and this is where she comes in. She and her husband were the first to eee the horse. They were driving home one night in a spring cart, and it was bright moonlight. Jack Jonson had a drop or two in him, and he suddenly saw two horses In front of him. 'Why, dash my buttons!' he said, 'I'm not so bad as all that. Wake up, Sally!' for Sally was nodding. Sally opened her eyes, but there was no horse there, and she called him a drunken hog, and wished she'd never married him, when she had plenty of better offers, and cried and went to sleep once more. There was the horse again. Jack Jonson rubbed his eyes. 'Dash my buttons,' he said again, 'if it isn't Teddy's old grey.' As I say, he had a drop in him, and before that horse could dematerialise himself he'd given ?him a stinging cut with the whip. The old grey rattled his heels against the horse in the shafts, and nearly knocked the whole caboodle over. Sally woke up, and gave Jack a bit of her tongue for driving over a stump, and they quarrelled all the way home, so much so, that when Sally's baby was. born, folks said it used to neigh like a horse in 'its cradle. This game continued, everybody driving along that, road on a monlight night would see two horses in-' stead of one, or three instead of two, as the case, might be. When they got home and told the story to their wives they were accused of being mops and brooms; and the whole of the married population in the district were soon. at loggerheads. How that wicked old ghost must have chuckled. Now, most of them recognised the spectral appear ance .as Jonson's flea-biten grey, . and, in conse quence, there was much indignation against Jonson for killing the horse, which, as the nuisance increas ed, came to a head, and a large 'number ot people interviewed Jonson, to inform him that he must either get rid of . the ghost or go himself. Then it was . that he played dog on me. He told them that it waa all my fault, and that I had invited the ghost of the old grey to play these tricks, so they transferred their attentions to me. . I did my best, I begged and entreated that old shade to give up his tricks, but It was no use. He said he was enjoying himself, and meant tG keep it up; so I had to come away. I was sorry, too, for it was' a. splendid district for, ghosts. What became of the dog? Oh, he died- Whether Jonson killed him or the horse kicked him to death I don't know, ? ? ,: , if *'*' Messrs. Macmillian and Company were to pab- ' lish in January a work which, from the nature of the subject, should possess more than common: interest. -That is a 'History. o'f the Postal Eac ket Service During the French War from 1793 to 1815.' in, connection with that service. And - at such a period, there must have been plenty pi carious ^piBodos, , - . - -.4 