REOEPTION SOCIAL TO THE 1 REV. H. C. FABLEY. I [BY Izsas.J A large and successful social was hild at I Beeac on Thursday last to publicly welcome the Hes, H. C. Farley, who has been ap- c pointed to succeed Mr Hawkins in the Colac and Bceac Wesleyan circuit. The t adverse circumstances which brought about t the change of ministers, does not appear to have damped the ardor of our Wesleyan friends, but rather served to increase their enthusiasm, as the gathering on Thursday clearly demonstrated that Wesleyanism was still " very much alive," not only at Beeac, but e'sewhere throughout the circuit. The social tea was held in the schoolroom, at half-past six o'clock, and i waslargelyattended. The tables were very tastefully arranged, and the provisions, s which were supplied by the friends on the "pound night principle," were of a first class description. The tables were waited upon by the following ladies:-1. Misses Hall and Judd; 2. Misses Patterson and Cou; 3. Mrs Butcher and Miss Collins; 4. Misses Bevan and Walter; 5. Misses L. and A. Brown; 6. Misses Abbott and Begley. Mrs T. J. King acted as general supervisor, and gave every satisfaction. A mead of praise should also be given to Mr t T. J. King for the excellent way in which the whole of the arrangements, not only for the tea but the public meeting were carried c out. After the tea an adjournment was a made to the church where the public meet- t ing was held, the gathering being presided over by the Rev. E. Brown. a The Chairman said he was very glad to ra meet them to take part in.the reception of, a and welcome to, Mr Farley. He intended a to do all he could to help his new colleague i in his work, as well as all those' who were working in spiritual matters in either school or church. Be gave them some c good advice on sermonising and preaching, v and pointed out the necessity for having I spiritual power both in the pulpit and o amongst the congregation. God had given o them that spiritual power, but some people t had got the idea that they ought to be ii humble, modest and retiring, and because h they did not possess great abilities and a knowledge they cared to do nothing. It was true they were not sufficent of them selves, but they could do all things through Christ, Who would strengthen them. Christ says "Come and conquer." He trusted they would all co-operate with Mr Farley in his work. It was a rule that " a good husband will make a good wife." (Mr Farley. who is a bachelor: "Hear, hear.") What do you know about it? d (Great laughter.) The reverse, that "a good wife will make na good husband," did n not always hold good. The moral was that ti there was no rule in Christian experience d that a good minister would make a good congregation, but there was a rule that a good congregation would make a good t minister. Mr Farley's spiritual life and power would be largely increased by the sympathy and co-operation of the congre gation. They must never allow, as it were, a "belt of northern ice" to come between the pulpit and the pew, but all should be of one heart and of one mind. Mr T. Bevan, J.P., the senior circuit steward, welcomed Mr Farley on behalf of ii the Beeac portion of the circuit. Mr 2 Farley had come amongst them under ft very peculiar circumstances, and it was re markable they should have got a minister a in such short time. He was hoping for fit good times, and he would do his share, a whether as a church officer or a private n member. They had been greatly favored ti in getting Mr Farley, and he was sure they P heartily and sincerely welcomed him. He h appreciated those who were firm in their principles and not shifty, and he hoped si' they would not have any more experiences ci such as they had gone through in the past. b These adverse circumstances had, he t believed, drawn them nearer to God; they " had studied the Bible more diligently and ci all things were working together for good. Z A blessing would come out of their recent n troubles. He would do his part to t( strengthen Mr Farley's hands, and he N hoped God would use him and bless, and s1 prosper him, whether his stay among them d was long or short. s Mr T. J. Dyson, junior circuit steward, ti gave a cordial welcome to Mr Farley on s1 behalf of the Colac portion of the circuit, u Owing to his personal acquaintance with ti Mr Farley, and the official position he held, w it fell to his (Mr Dyson's) lot to have a cu good deal to do with getting Mr Farley to a' thiscircuit. He had feltthe responsibility, o' and the trying experience had caused him a5 sleepless nights. They were under a great ti obligation to the Katamatite circuit for ti releasing Mr Fasley before the expiry of el his term. This was where the benefit of tl the connectional system came in. lt was it their duty to rally round Mr Farley and at show him that he had their full confidence, ti sympathy and help. They must, however, g remember that those who received much, p much would be required of them. There 01 was not a place in the circuit more favored w than Beeac, and he hoped their gratitude n would be shown by an increase in the ti revenue during the next few quarters. w Mr T. J. King welcomed Mr Farley on tl behalf of the trustees of the Beeacchurch;t Mr Walter, on behalf of the Local 0o 'reachers' Meeting; Mr Cooper, on behalf u of the Beesa congregation; Mr H. Missen, v on behalf of the Beesac Sabbath Echool; Mr ti Loats, on behalf of the Beetc Christian 81 Endeavor Society; Mr Smith, on behalf of the Warrion congregat'on; Mr Hebb, on behalf "ofthe Elliminyt congregation. s' The Chairman said it was remarkable h that there were so many enterprises to be4i represented. On paper the programme did not look much, but when they thought of a the amount of work that was represented by the different agencies they would see it was somewhat remarkable. There was more than appesred on the surface. He believed there was not another church in Christendom that could show such a pro- I gramme, or produce such a list of repre- A sentatives speakers from such a small place. He then went on to speak of John o Wesley, and the action he took in ordain ing two bishops to the charge of his c American converts, and showed how I Mefhodism ad rdpidly pfead untji to-day it nunqberee tweity-f4ve qilliuns. Re- 1 ferrino' to Methodigt Union be said he s had preparee somp statistics relating to 0 the Colac circuit, but they were not quite complete, However, le stated that the amount of money expended on churches, schools and parsonages came to £85166, a upon which there were debts amounting to £627. The total revenue to the end of : 1895 was £339. He only wished all the i circuits in the colony could show such a creditable statement of their financial position. The Rev. H. C. Farley, who was received with loud and continued applause, said that his feelings were somewhat mixed after listening to the laudatory speeches regard ing himself. In the first place he must ex (Mr T. J. pystis) foi thecind' aed caort'eous cimnimisslcatioi hlsid'ha ieV'rdc fereon' them; he was thanitful for th'isfoirsimatidon words of welcome ho lyia hob that night no directly personal, because, with two or three exceptione his was' a oompara tive stranger to those In the cirouit. or In the Besac church. lHe believed thsewelcome was tendered to him more in his representa tive capacity as a minister of the Wesylean Church. Ho believed in the institution of the Christian ministry. He was first of alt tie ranvt gf o and next he he sas o r thr oua tch'nrch ,'r bto peid the gose wherever the church might oend him." As such he felt very tankful forthe w'dod of qcqse."Theyhi cosn oe the$ isder 5poo'rat itiistahdes. 'it had been succeful and ther' ad he a rt soia " hasty marriage," but his felt conviced'al would ome out right in thie endl. Whn jher "'call" case to binf at Kafaienalite le eid thu ipott h ereGo in prayer. t g1~ti io~bo i~sel 'ii'iled h'i 'ses be ten yuarn aqd was very bapy'p i'n 's ivgr but 'as' tle case was seridut in4 tbn4rcaU urjent, 5 th de t if051w hoes cmrhl Thlwlb'dh the Presi ' He came to lisoso in sdt's name, because he believed It was the will of God that he should come, Ho was trust ins tha thsi helief would be confirmed in his experience amongst them, and that his coming would be owned by God. He would like to say very earnestly that next to his ministerial life, and more than everything, next to his approval by God and the know ledge of His abiding presence, was his ap preciation of the hearty and sympathetic cc-operation of God's people in hiswork. His desire was that they should go along together with one end and one aim in life, to catch the spirit of Christ, and do good in any and every way. He came to them as a man with a creed. (Applause). He was not there to argue or to debate, but to preach the gospel, to live by the gospel, to recommend the gospel. in the unity of the spirit and in the bonds of peace-his light going out into their lives. He had a creed. He believed in the Holy Ghost, in the forgiveness of sins, and in the Holy Scriptures. What was a creed ? It was a system of belief which we profess. Without a creed man was like a wandering star, which would vanish into space, or end in smoke. The word was derived from credo, I believe. Everyone must have a creed. If a man only believed in plum-pudding he had a creed. What would have been the world to-day but for the men of past times who had creeds? But above all Christ gave them His creed; the eternal and uniting love of the Heavenly Father gave them a creed in the Lord's Prayer, that rock which was the anchorage of their creed. Without a creed man was without compass, chart, helm or pilot, driftingabout anywhere, and would be cast up at length upon shore like human wreckage. His esteemed superintendent (Rev. B. Brown) and himself were laboring amongst them, not so much to preach to them as to save as many souls as they could. They were sowing together, and he trusted they would in due season reap in joy, bringing their sheaves with them. At intervals during the proceedings the choir rendered a number of selections in a very pleasing and attractive manner. Mr R. James also contributed to the pleasure of the eveoing by his excellent rendering of "The Holy City." In connection with the Endeavorers' welcome to Mr Parley, it is worthy of mention that after Mr Leats had spoken the members to the number of about 25 stood up and sang one verse of " Beulah" with much force and effect. 