A LADY'S THRILLING ADDRESS. Many years ago, near the Bay of Quinte, the Holy Ghost was so richly poured out that one hundred souls were brought to the Lord in a few weeks. Among those brought in were all the hotel-keeper's family but himself, and he so far yielded as to give his large ball-room for afternoon prayermeet ings. A lady, member of another Church, came to the itinerant in great distress about her careless husband. ' Oh, help me to pray that in this revival he may be set out for heaven.' If he does we will both unite with the Methodist Church, which they subsequently did. boon after this conver sation, in a densely crowded church, her. husband, with about twenty others, with broken hearts truly penitent, came to the altar. Her husband surrendered his whole heart, with his whole possessions, to the Great Physician of souls. He was accepted, as all believing penitents are. What did he —what do all such receive ? Forgiveness, with the guilt of .all past sin thrown into oblivion — heavenly joy — eternal life begun, below — harmony with all holy beings— all for asking. Who so foolish as not to aBkl TMlftf niollt. fVio onana i\f Vita Qmirifrial cimon. cipation can never be forgotten. His wife, full of holy rapture, spontaneously rose and gave a thrilling address. For long years, said she, I wept and prayed for my husband ; for long years he was rarely at the house of God, and when there heard solemn appeals in vain. But now we have heard him state that his heart is full of love to God and man. I seem to hear the joy-bells in heaven singing and ringing. ' The dead's alive, the lost is found.' ' I or there is joy in heaven over one sinner that repenteth.' On this hallowed occasion do not our praises reach up to the glorified throng, and the halle* lujabs flow down to us ? All hail, ye choristers of heaven 1 I, with huBband and family, with the great host of the redeemed, will join you, and our song shall be to Him that loved us and washed ub from our Bins in His own blood. ' My cup of joy is full, and my joy flows from a never failing: spring. — Christian Guardian.' 