[?] CHAPTER XXXI. "Wu'ro young enough to woit.'aho said, ' Young onouph to wait !! Tlio moon rays kiiuicd tho jessmiuo sprays Above tho gaidoh gato. ' But loyoisowodt and lifo is briof,' Saul bo 'and stranuo is fnto : So whoroforo should wo wait, swootlieart, AVhcroforo should wo wait f' " ' Thank) you, Basil. And now sing "Onod-liyn" — Whyto Molvillo's "Oood- byo.'" ; ,. ;. ' It is so sad, fmy darling.' 1 ' Npvor tnind ; 1 1 aiti in tho indod for sad things -lifo itself is so sad. Sing it, dear, bingit.' ; .. And bo tolinmonr.her-ho snug it. " 'Falling leut nnd fading trao, Linos of white in a stlllun sen, Shadows falling on yuu and tne : Tho swallows aro muking thorn ready to fly, Whooliug out on a wiiid.v sky — Good-byo,: Summorl' Good-bvo! Good bye ! 1 IIusli 1 n vnico from tho far away ! " Listou and loam," it scorns to say; " AU tho to-morrowii'sball bo as to-day," Tho cord is frayod, tho cruse is dry, , AUU UU. UlUBb UlVUtt, UUU IUU . lUlillf II11U1D rdio — Good-byo to IIopo I Gopd-byc ! Good- \- .! " ' What orb wo waiting for! Ob, m hoart ! Iu83 mo straight on. tho brows, and part, Again ngnin, my hoart .' What nro wo waiting for, you and I ? . A pleading look— a stiflod cry— - Good-byo ;for- ever 1 Good-byo ! ' Good- byo ! ' " , . . .. : . Tho Novombor afternoon wasdiBtrialniid . innuimato,' what fobbloiight'ljdd'griibpd tho' day was now rapidly doolining. Tho gur-; don trees wore rooking with moisturd 'arid1 dripped audibly on tho'shod/wot loavrabo- ncath.; Tho rivor moadowainitho dun i>or- ; spcotivo had not once boon visible 'siuccf tho inonth set in. 'Do you know, I soinotiincs think, Basil, whon you sing that little song .of yours— riot " Gdod-bjo," tho othor,' "said ' Bethany in a wonfc plaintive voico from tho groat old shadowy haU-tcstor whoren sho iay propped up warmly among tho pillows, listouiug tu Basil's 'whisporml music, for it was littlo moro — '.that. if wo hadwaitoil; say a year or two, boforo wo thought of .iaarrying,. it would havo boon hottor for us both in tho end f I think— I think I was too young,; Basil— too young arid iiioxpoiidnced in— in Worldly things to comprohond lightly, as 11 wife should, tho soiiousness and ronhty of marnod lifo. I should havo boon- over en much wiser, porhnps in n year - or- fwn you Jinott.' u ' 1 V, .1 " " , IIo had loft his soat ut tho piuno and was| kneeling by the curtain at - tho bod-head, j Ho looked his arms about ber us bo un- awercd earnestly — ' Woll, whon you nro well again, tny dar ling, wo will bctp cacli otbor to grow wisor as wo grow 'oldor. Side by sido, band in lund, Bethany, wo will loarn-tho lesson of lifo togotbor.' ' I liko to hoar you say that, door,' sho said droamily, thon turned hor lovely sad eyos upon hor soarchingly. ' Basil, do you honostly bolioyo then, that I shall got woll!' sho asked. - ' Of course I do— in tiroo,' ho told hor, though porhaps not so steadily and cheer fully us ho triod. 'My doar ono, I pray God to grant, and— and I boliovo that he will.: Bethany, sweet, oh you must got wall, for my aako. Bethany, I lovo you. I want you. I could not livo without you now. Darling romombnr tlmt— always try to think of that— and health and strength must suroly roturii, bocauso, 3-ou kuow, lovo is as strong ss death, and why should it not bo strongar !' Sho twined hor fingors thoughtfully iu his hair. How light and unsubstantial on bis bond folt th-it gontlo carossing touch. ' And to think thnt you havo boon stay- I ing hero at Goodman's Host for moro than 'a weak and thnt 'I did not know yon woro horo till tho. dny boforo yostorday !' Sho looked' iiito his" 'oyps very wistfully. 'JI thought I should have known you directly, for you woro novor out of my brain, Basil: —novor for a second, slcoping or waking, ! tho thought of ypu was with.mp; and jHul- ddh says I was crying, for you constantly. L do not woiidor, 'bocauso 'I wanted, yoii so. And did father jnbpt you kindlj- door? i lisod to ho frightonod Host- ho ; should bo stain abpnt'it all— bo is So fdnd'of ine,lyou know-— -and tboro.should bo A bittor qunyrcl bbtweon you !', . - ' Ho mot mo moro kindly ithan I doserv- od, I think,' Basil said,' with' bowed hoad, her fingors still wandbring over bis hair. ' Uut,:do»rcat,:wo will not talk of tho'past just now; wo willnol talkof— Yes, wo. .will ; I .wont, to speak of it,' sho insisted. ' I mn quito strong te-clay — strongor than I havo bepn for months. Dr. Smith told, cousin Liza— I ovorhoaril him— 'hat wo might ho togothor and alnne to day for jjist as. long-. dsJwo ploasod; it would do inp.good.- ho said.' And nobody wiU como up to disturb lis for hours— thoy said thoy- would not ; thoy arc all so vorv gcqd.to inc. You know, only yostorday, whoa I was wishing that you' aould -sing to lnoup horo softlv mid distinotly, as vo(i u, Ml.somoiiii.ca to do 111. tho iold days in jr.-. 1. ; |,7; '. '-:s3.e«r; r-liij. ' ' ' f >', -Iflli '1 -;i l.idi ; v tho twilight down in tho cedar parlour, how prompt and quiot was fnthor in ordor- iug Job nnd William to bring tho piano tip-stairs and placo it on tho landing out- sido my duor, so that you nnd ho would havo no difficulty thon 111 whooliug it into tho cornor by tho firo-placo youdor ! I am. suio thut 110 ono before was ovor nursed and humoured as l am by -ovorybody. It is ulmost worth wbilo being ill, doar, to find evory ono bo iiicoand kind— is it not ? And, Basil, toll mo— was tho figure in deep black who cumo nnd stood with you by tho bed on tho day boforo ycstcrduy, whon I first began to know you — was not that tall black figuro Itonaldino ? I was boginning to romoiabor things clonrly, you know, and now I am suro thut it was sho.' ' Yos, Bothany. Ronaldino wroto and nskod to bo allowed to soo you. I tolo- graphed Como.' ' And dobs Bhb forgive mo— ovorytbing ? Sho would not havo como olso, would she l' ' Sho askod you to forgive hor, darling ; only did you not understand then.' ' To forgivo hor f ' Oh, that doos not soom right somehow ! What havo I to forgivo y Sho lias so ' much moro reason ' No,, no, no'— ho stopped hor iu pacsion- ato undertones. , ' We wore too hard on you, 'doar.! lovo!' Earlo, whon ho hoard ovorytbing, . raid so aftorwaidsi Wo fool it was so now, and wniild givo worlds to' ro- cull that timo and undo tho past1 if wo; could. Ronaldiuo's pi-ido is groati, aiidi in judgmoiit she was always . self-radiant; but — but, darling, eho is sorry-, now. ' Sho kissed youvory.Ioyinglyihoforosho - loft, though' youidid not sooth 0 inscious of- hor prosonco, aiid aakbd yorir pardbn with un- wontod huipility i ior' .tho - wrong bho had oncio dono you in hor thoughts. - Dear, you would not'havo 'rocogiiisod 'Rbnaldiho' in hor seU-«!bmoii|iiY£.m7it» Ronai- diuo yoii.unbd to know,; Bothany ; who knoli horo a whilo by your bodi' and proyod. for you; my darling !' ha '. liiurmurbd hoart-; hrokoiily under his broalh. .- "' ' Ah, woll,' . said!! sho, -in hor. pathetic voico, both weak slender hondsnow clasped round Basil's nock,' l; nm. glad to hoar that Ronuldine can unco inoro think of mo with souibthiug of ..the old nffoctiun.1 It soomod to otab right into my hoart whon— when sho ohongod' towards mp'sb cbuiplotb- ly, and doubted tno, 'arid— nud .would . not boliovo mo nt thnt lbrrihio timoj Basil'— imploringly—1 ' you boliovo mo now, do you not f You do' not mistrust mo any longor? Say that you do not, Basil my husband— say, thnt you duubt mo no, moro! Toll -mo comfort mo-r — I I. i« ( -'-f 1 Pe -I 1. --f.-. In 8iionco ho hold bob finiily on liis broast!and laid iiis head upon hers. That Bilonce hotwbon youiig liusband and wifo was more olequonttiian many woids. : ' Oh, it our.' child might only havo lived, Basil,' sho s'bhbod at last— liyod:tq call mo mother 1 It was the ono - thing - needful to hoal tho post— that i.littlo lifo— and- to kni'- our hoarts with a-tio iu tho futuro thnt nb thing might ovor novor- again. / Basil,- wo' should havo boon So proud' of our littlo. son', but ho novor hroathod thoy said.' , . .. ' Yos, doar lova— so prbud J..; But sinboit might not bo, you know— siueo tho precious gift was sont us only tb ba . taken away as sron as givon— wo should not murmur at its Groator swill., Uo knows bost, bo suro my wife, what it woll for us both. Dear ono rather lot us thank Ilim that— thnt wo arc yot left to each . othor— thut wo hiivc still oooh other loft.' ' Yos, for adittlo whilo,' sho said in the ob3ont way that'hiid grown 011 hoi- of lato. 'Somotimos I think— I think that, aftor all, it will ba only for a littlo whiio— a very littlo whilo porhaps; life is sol, :dnrk''an'd strango— arid' thori, "Basil, you will bo— freo.' Ho fought dasporatoly with : tho - tears Which sho must- not soo, 'and chid her' -'vory tondoily for talking in that ghioiiiy striuu.; but in his owri'sbuiho know tliat sho wns right. 'And tho others know 'it too— that Bethany was 'soitirig out on that twilight road which loads to tho far haven of .otornal rest— to r -(;; ,1 : i .. , ; .'.'Tho honittiful voilbdbright worldwhoro '. i tho glad'ghosts moot,"1;. . ' r nud' . ' ""Whore boynnd those - voicos thoro is poaco.V , , ;; , .: .1".":; I Thoy woro rnroly, opart iin thoso soorod last day/s,. un 1 tho others disturbed thorn only whon constrained., Bothany , at ihtorr; vals would talk bhoorfully enough,' anddn thoso briof brighter, moments i wonder how! soon it would bo boforo pho could yotufn tb! thoEulmgcottagO.o11'1,'.1'.',.' j '.,:!!i. ' ' Is ;donr littlo Nostwood stiU shut tip! Basil ?' sho askod eagerly ono day. ' : ' Tho quoor old pel-son whoniT discdvorod for tho purposp is still earbtaking thoro un til—until wo nro nblo to go back ' togothor, you know, . and sond hoi- nhput hor husi- ness;' Ho nvus half sitting, 'h'aU linpolipg 'by 'hor pillows in tlio , novy- familiar. wny, imd lio lookod up into hor oyos with ,n smijo that cost him much, for, tho poignant sor row and remorso in his' hoart -woro almost moro than ho could controlj ' Indooil, it'3 quito tunosho wont; doar, for" oho .always keeps hor bonnotnn, ai)dis di-osdfully fond of ,bcor. SJo wo'll go and tuiu hoy out, " I : .! -!.v; ll' u .V l- it ; .1- ' 1 -)J. Bothany, as soon as over, you aro strong enough, to travol ,to. town.; .Shall .wo, 8W00- ?' , , - ' Yes, .yos —wo will, go and turn her. out,' sho ! sniil fovonshly, oliuginging , to him. ' X;Will got woll ;, I.cannot bear to think ; of tier being horo ! Wo will go and. turn that horrid old womnn out, Basil, boforo I am a week older ! . I will toll Doclor.Saiith. that ho will havo, to lnako :,mo .woll soinohow. His skiH is not worth much if ho can't do that— is it ?' - . .... : , : : . Sho . had confessed, to him ovorytbing which in . tho past ho should havo honr.l without roseyvo, and ho ,had;. loams J now nH'whioh in the time gono by,.should;hayo boon told freely, pardoned, and forgotten ; so that iiovormoro, bo long im thoy. woro togothor— should, tho, days of -thuir.rouiiion and roconoiliation.bp many or few— would tho'shadow of a soorot. or misundorstanding riiiso to Utm'thb glory of thpir porfent lovo on earth. , 1 AU.wns ondoi now, tho hbpo, and tho r fear, ami tho rurrow. All tlio nbhingof heart, tho testlosf, ,un« : satisllod-longilig,' ' v- AU tho dull, doop iiuin. aud conatuut an- ; guish of ntienco," . . and Bothany foru spaco wnscontont. Onco )ot hor. grow welljwell and joyous and hopo- ful.ns aforctimo, aud rsbe wauld nSk.no inoi-b, in . hor glad rpnowod strength,! of oarili 01 heaven ! ;.,Lator on sho said, hark-: ing.haokto tho old yood thoinorr., I ;-.':Aiid you do, not, think;.iBasil-r-you> do .not really think,, thon dawn in tho. bottoni oil yqUr lionit---that.it wns n eoriy. day, for you Whon you, mot mo first? I— I havo brought such trouble into you family, you know, and— and thingV havo happonod at ,bightingulo Court which, wuuld povor havo happonod thoro but for mo.' . ; ., . ! . - -q was thd gladdest;- siiuuiostday'of my lifo,- dourlovo; .when , I-fuund; you'at Gobd- man's Rest, whutovor may havo happonod tb" vox ;us sinoo,' ho- tuld' litT agiiin nnd hgaiii. '. ''! ' ' ' fq,''<ibe,iMntirapdi'yristtaUyf'stroiqng; his dark hair softly in! a way that .ploasod hor bast— ' I do not think you ought to havo married mo, somehow. You aro bo. serious in your notions, your views of life; ;thoy put to shnino mino, that aro so— 60 unstablo Ond girlish. You should havo ninmoil somobody liko Huldah— somebody without faults. I havo bo > many, I am mado up; of faults and failings. ! To begin with,.-I am vam mid lioklo, Basil, anil— ami by nature,- . I fear, yust a littlo deceitful porhaps.' ' ' > Novor, my uwcot— novor !' - . ' Yos. But I caimcit help it doar, though I wilt try very hard w tho future, by-and- ; -lu'il' by; I will,"' iridaod ! Bccauso pboplo cari npvar bo rbully' happy 'when 'thoy' "docoivo nnd disoboy .wittingly thns'o thoy lovo host —can they P Do you know wbat it says in tho Biblo sombwhoro'abotit— atibut milking that straight which'God" Himself has made orookedpaud' ubont tho Ethiopian Changing his.skin and tho ' leopard ' his simts ? 'It sooms to 1110 that, whon people nro borii— " ' I will not listou to this solf-doprociatioh,! my ipvbd oho. In , my byes you arer- ' Selfish, soif-wlllcd, idle, useless, rind Very way-wnrdj Basil.' ' -'No, no, 110 ! ' 7 \- 'Discontented ofton, though surrounded by many blessings, nnd weak enough to bo a great deal too fond of plorisuro nnd ad miration and what I onco hoard described yours ago l>y a woninn-lboturor hi' Strattoh us tho "hnsubstautialities" of lifo, -though of courso I did -not undorstand 'what sho moant thon, becauso:l was a child; you soo.' .'.If you woro anything in lifo, ray Bwoiit, but exactly that which you are yijii would not-bo tho Bothany I loved and married;' You are Bethany ; you could novor bo ai.'y onoolss, bolovod. If you were tho Iocs; ikp uny one also,- you would not hb Both any— iny Bothany. you kiiow.' v.; 'Evory thing,1 in short, my husband, thit a-young-wifo and a! good woman should not bo. ' And this, you soa, is'roy pubishinont. It hoB ovbrfaiken ino vory ' ourly; Basil. ' I am not yet nineteen— not yot ninotobn— -' A deadly- iangour soomod toovorpbwor horaBsho-spokopto fait upon har'undwarcs aiid; relying ' on tho strength of tho 'firm arm that sustained hor, 'sho- slid1 baok. wan and inoi-t,'-'ariiid" tho hOapfid-up pilloris'of hor hod. - -But' her byes oporied fitfully, 'and sho smiled faititly'ori Basil." J - . 'I — Ioncohoord a sormori' proriohod'in our church at Ornziosj' sho sighod— ' thb !cburch wo wbrb mamod iu;" you" know — aiid' tho text wiiB— I 'novor forgot it— ' Uri- stablo as watbr'-idb 'yori romoiirihor bote thb yorab runs ?— 'utistahlo'us watori'thbii'shajt 'not. ox— ox "' b-w; , But thO'lostword was scarOoly broathod : and;sho swooiiad or slept iri Basil's rirniB. ' f To be Continued ,) "Tho prom-oss during 1803of.tho oldest 'American Lifo Insurahcb Office, tho Mutaul Lifo of Now York,' boats its own' previnos record! Tho advance of tho company.' will, bo nppveoiatod whon it is known that of!tho 20 lifo!iusuranco companios doing tho ni in- cipal work in thisdino 111 tho-Umtod States, tho Mutual Lifo of Now York obtained now .business " priul for" 111 1803 equal "to 0110-' fifth of, the. flow - insurancCs:'.'. issued " by -thoso ofllccs.' It hold, ono-fifth of iill-tl|o lnsuranco 111 force and of all tho nssofs ac cumulated ; and it roccivcd uiio-llfth of nil .jb» 'annuali inoouosro a-i'.:::. "O'I.t i.-i i :'| --'.T -.- 1-.--:-'-', '.--.1 1 It , .. >:<r 1;; -i "if ' v .1 ,r 