From Dark to Dawn. A BACK BLOCK ROMANCE. By GOODWIN BAKER- CHAPTER XXVI.— (Continued.) Oh, wretched maze of misery — the tangled web seemed to close In all their lives — yet. In Nellie's heart, still linger ed hope — hope that he still lived — hope, that in some way. the clouds might lift. As much as possible, she put the whole of her past out of her thoughts, and tried to live only In the busy present. It was fortunate, for her, that it was so busy, so full of novelty, and a deep and stirr ing excitement, c She had arrived at the hospital late one evening, and had gone on duty at six on the following morning. From a silent corridor, she had stepped ptraight into a scene of bustle, for in the quiet wards are moments of bustle, brisk ness, feverish energy. Unfortunately for the patient, these are (and most inevitablv must always be) in the early morning hours. Then must the beds be made, the hot faces bathed, wounds dressed, poultices applied, wards swept, and order (which during the night has somewhat lapsed), be violently restored. To Nellie, the practice of rousing pa tients, who had been restless all night, from the sound sleep of exhaustion, seemed little short of barbarous. But soon she saw that, apparently, this harsh practice was one which, in the nature of things, must endure ; and which — in the hands of tender and tact ful woman — lost half its undesirability. Before this dawned upon her, however, she had expressed her objection to the custom, very forcibly, to the head nurse of her ward, Nurse Grimstone. "Lord bless me," said that official, in rdfrily, " when would you have the clean ing done, then ?" ! "Well, couldn't it be done at intervals all day?" hazarded Nellie. | The old nurse laughed outright. I "You remind me of them folks as is i p.lways a-wrlting to the newspapers about things they don't understand, to j toll them as do how best to manage," she j said. "No, jny dear, when you've been | here another month, you'll see that I cleaning that ain't done afore nine in the morning, ain't never done at all." "But why not?" argued Nellie. "Well, I'll tell you for why," went on Nurse, " you'll agree es It wouldn't be pleasant for a doctor to have the floors a-beln' scrubbed, while he's listening, maybe, to the lungs of a pneumonia case, or got the stethoscope to a heart disease — or " j " Oh, no, of course not," interrupted the girl, " when the doctors come into the ward, then all cleaning should cease ' for the time. But when they leave " j "And when's that ?" asked Nurse ! Grimstone, with an accent worthy of her j name. "Ain't honorarles dropping in all day, and when they don't come, there's the visitors. And, gracious me, you don't want us to live in a muddle from morning to night, never knowing when our wards are clean and finished with." " No," sighed the depressed proba tioner, " I see the actual cleaning and scrubbing must be done early. But the getting of the patients out of bed to have it made, oh, so often long before seven — it seems to me simply barbar ous." "Now, lookee here." Nurse cleared her throat, "you've touched upon what's often worritted me a lot, though they do say, I've got as hard as nails, being so many years in the wards. But what I've noticed is this — the best sleep many patients get Is after their beds are made, and they're tidied up. It seems to re fresh them; and they turn over and sleep through all the hustle and noise as they haven't been able to in the quiet of the night." "They may occasionally," agreed Nel lie, "still I can't help it — it went to my very heart to get that poor old woman with bronchitis out of her warm bed at five minutes to seven this miserable, wet morning. She begged so hard to be left alone." "Stuff," said Nurse, snappishly, "and If you'd wanted to do It at 1, in the middle of the day, she'd have begged just as hard to be let be. There's plenty of folks who'd lie in thelibeds from week's end to week's end, and never want them made. But I mind me of a doctor, who gave me a good bit of advice, when I first came here. 'Nurse,' says he (them's his very words), "there's one thing as 'ull often-tlmes do more to pull round a had case than anything else — and that is cleanliness. Clean linen," says he, 'and clean water, 'ull fetch round what dirt ana pnysic win lose, xiiem s tils very words, my dear, and I've never forgot them." Nellie laughed. "Still," she said, "I'm not convinced." "And," went on Nurse, "there's ways and ways of tidying up the patient. They can be got out gentle - like and on to the sofer, and wrapped up careful in blankets, and then back again quick, be fore they've hardly been touched. If they are cold, well — a drop of coffee al ways comforts them, or a drink of hot milk. And as for washing their 'ands and faces — you wait till you hear Dr. Fleshley give his lecture on the pries of the skin, and you'll soon understand the Importance of washing, .and of doing it reg'lar, to sick folk. In big places, like this hospital, there must be special times for doing everything, or else half the most important things would get skipped altogether." " There ought to be some remedy," sighed Nellie, still unconvinced. (She Is seeking one still, but no practical so lution of the difficulty offers itself.) X 1 ex mcic vzwfc,ni. Lt.1 UL, aasciuuu Nurse, "but ." Here the resident surgeon entered, and Nurso tore for the regulation ink bottle and towel, leaving Nellie to see that bandages and dressings were ready to his hand. She made many mistakes about this, but Dr. Young was very lenient to her, and readily rectified her errors. He was a young and susceptible man, and "to the beautiful much is forgiven" by the average house surgeon. " You are beginning to like the life, nurse?" he asked to-day, looking with keen admiration at the sweet-faced wo man. In her pretty uniform of navy blue print, with the dainty cap, and spotless apron, and the red cross badge on her arm, she made a pretty picture. "Oh, yes," she answered, and when he left the ward she lapsed into a brief re verie." Like?" that was hardly the word to express what she felt. All day long she saw nothing but suffering and mis- : ery around her. And such suffering, such misery ! "Why should I be happy?" she thought now; "why should I expect to he so ? The majority of these patients which fill the "Alfred' — to judge from the thirty in my ward, have hardly ever known two days' consecutive happiness, i and— all their lives — they have wanted and struggled, struggled and wanted— and will to the end." The charwomen — rough maids of all work — overworked, underpaid factory girls — worn-out mothers — Ill-used wives —and, worse still, waifs and strays of civilisation — these were her patients, and into their sordid, unlovely lives she came like a ray of golden sunlight. Slie never knew it — perhaps In the life hereafter she may — but many a fever- tossed creature, opening wild, delirious eyes, and seeing then her pale, pure face bending over the little iron bedstead, paused in their raving, as at the vision of an angel, and, in that pause, the throbbing fever lost some of its heat, the wild brain some of its madness. "That patient In No. 7 Is unmanage able. She won't keep still." Send Nurse Nellie. And Nellie's gentle — "There, there— now he quiet, dear; let me give you this nice cool drink — it will make you better," seldom lost its effect. Then, too, she could coax the most ob stinate convalescent case to obedience to the rules — could rouse and cheer the most despondent invalid — could infuse hope and courage where a difficult and doubtful operation had to be per formed, and was, generally speaking, "a ministering angel." Exactly a week after Nellie's entry I into the hospital, Beatrice Hamilton left Melbourne. It was still little more than a year from the date of their landing in Sydney; but so quickly had one great event trod den on the heels of the other, that both the girls' felt as If they had passed through centuries of experience. Beatrice's beauty (never of a simple or youthful type) was rapidly assuming a severe maturity. No one would have Imagined that Bhe was still much under thirty; and, even at the first cursory glance, the impres sion carried away by a stranger was that of . a woman who had had trouble and borne it in a fierce, defiant mood, being utterly devoid of hope. Hard, brilliant beauty, hers; present ing a wonderful contrast to the gentle loveliness of Nellie, to which grief only lent a greater refinement and spiritua lity. She had not seen Bernard Emerson since she had told him who the missing man really was. He had hurried forth from Menzies, a stricken man, and with one accord they had agreed that, until the present mystery was cleared up, they had better never meet. She had then set to work to procure Lan engagement for herself. The Mac- farlands did not press for her return. In , point of fact, though they valued her as j being a clever teacher and a good dlsclp- I linarian, the homely couple felt rather oppressed by her somewhat magnificent presence, and much preferred the ordi nary type of "jolly girl" bush governess. The first engagement which came to hand Beatrice accepted. It was to teach the two children of a farmer In tl : Goulburn Valley district She was to proceed thither at once, and, after one farewell visit to Nellie, she did so. In the long corridor, which ran from. No. 7 to No. 8, the two bade eacli other good- bye. In the centre of this corridor branched out the broad stone stairway leading to the main hall. On the landing, half-way down this staircase, Beatrice paused and looked back. At the head of the steps stood Nellie. The sunlight from the broad windows streamed full upon her. With lier gleaming golden hair and angel-like purity of expression, she looked the very embodiment of a beautiful poem. But the dark and stormy beauty of the woman who gazed at her was in shadow, and shadow, somehow, seemed its natu ral environment. CHAPTER XXVII. "She only knew the birth and death Of Havs when each that died Was still at morn a hope, at night A hope unsatisfied. The dark trees shivered to behold Another day begin. She, being hopeless, did not weep As the grey dawn came in." — Symons. Not for nearly a year after Beatrice went up to the Goulburn Valley was the railway tliither opened, so her journey was by train to Seymour — thence by coach to Shepparton. As she drove through the rather mon otonous scenery (the chief beauty of which was that of the lofty and splendid red-gums, which reared their kingly heads among the lighter timber of box and scrub), the question presented itself to her, as It has to many others before and since, why should the district be called the Goulburn Valley ; why not, rather, the Goulburn Plains? This question became insistent, as the only considerable rising ground — the Tallarook Ranges — faded from sight. At Shepparton — then a very small town ship — she was met by the farmer and Ills wife, and was driven by the-vn — 11 rat through the dusty town — and then past Mooroopna, through very level and pro saic country, well-cleared of timber (wlftch had been of a slight and scanty nature), and thoroughly under cultiva tion. The rich chocolate surface soli, with its clay bottom, suited wheat. Mr Lawson told Beatrice, and wheat, con sequently, was then the staple product of the district, vine-growing being hardly in its earliest Infancy at that date. Mr Lawson was himself a wheat- grower, though, In former times, his station had been part of a station car rying sheep. He talked volubly of his crops as they drove along — of his har vesting (which was now over), and the couple of acres he had planted out with young and promising vines. Wearily | she submitted to the fate she saw loom ing large before her— that of patient lis tening to eternal conversation about weather and crops. As well about that as about anything else, she told herself, and roused up to a simulated interest in the enthralling subject of "rust" which, about that time, was a veritable scourge in the district. When was reached it proved to be a very pretty homestead. The house was rambling and more pic turesque than substantial. Away from it on one side sloped a beautiful fruit garden, with trellised and vine-covered walks. Under shady fig-trees were gar den seats, and she had but to stretch out her hand out of her bedroom window to p-athpr Ihp rr)nst liiRpinns nparhpR frnm a tree, whose over-weiglited boughs hung within easy reach. All around the house were gentle rises, thickly timbered, which gave a slight variety to the fertile, but rather mono tonous scenery. The proud Goulburn curved glitteringlv in the distance, and along the banks grew the noble and giant- like red gums, which, even though so far away, stood boldly marked against the horizon. After the cooler climate of the Kos ciusko country, the extreme, dry heat seemed to Beatrice intense, but — like most new chums — she bore It well. Yet, as day after day passed, she grew thin ner, and her dusky cheeks became more pale. After all, she decided, Nellie was wise to choose a busy life. She is com pelled to take an Interest In all around her; whereas, there is nothing here to take me out of my wretched self. If only I had been up here in the old free- booting times, of which these people tell me, I might have found it easier to en dure the sliut-up life. How incredible it seems when one hears the tales of Cap tain Melville and "Black Douglas," that this peaceful, agricultural district was ever the scene of maraudery and violence. I think it must be a"cast-back" lo some more turbulent and lawless age; tor certainly uns p&aceiui; environment chafes me. And I feel as if the dark days of lawless deeds would have been far more congenial ! Ileigho! These reflections occurred after an outing the Lawsons had treated her to, in the shape ot a drive to a secluded spot on the banks of the Goulburn, between Mooroopna and Talura. Here were to be seen a few old posts, remnants of a sta tion-homestead, but this poor attempi of the new country at imitation of Eng land's show-glory— "ruins," was not the attraction at Juniss' Bend. Rather was it the fact that here the once notorious freebooter, Captain Melville, had had a receptacle for stolen horses. These, In the palmy days of Bendlgo, had been driven backwards and forwards be tween that place and the Ovens Rush, and sold in whichever market seemed the least risky, and promised the greater profit. Not only by the "Captain" had this secluded spot been used for the purpose of hiding stolen property, but also by "Black Douglas," and many and blood-curdling were the stories repeat ed to Beatrice by the Lawsons of the lawless robber bands, which had kept the country-side in terror. "Ah, things are much better now," the farmer would add, "the people who Lalk so much of these Kellys should have lived then up here." The placid life, broken only by flood or fire, and not often by that, or, so far, tc nny serious extent, was all the quiet, plodding farmer's heart could wish; but to Beatrice, the mode of their life seemed vegetating, not living. The days were weary enough — the hot, sunny, monotonous days — hut the nights were worse. Ever since the river accident she had been more or less a victim to insomnia; and now its bold on her increased. When, utterly exhausted by hours of feverish tossing, she fell asleep, it was to See Bernard's face tin PT"-a rd lirnivn as It was when she bade him fare well. ... or Frank Harcmnt's face, now shining out of the deepening dark ness, white, remorseful, wretched, as it was Just before that awful railway ac cident, or, looming ghost-like out of the grey London fog, or staring down at her with hate, as when she saw it last. Nellie's phantom came hut seldom, and, always as a blessing, not as a re proach. And so, ill, wretched, nervous, over strung , she lived through the hoi January and February, and just as March set in, came the excitement which she had longed for as a possibli cure. The last day of February was of such a character that she could no longer complain of the uneventfulness of life. Towards the middle of it (It was a very hot day), there came, suddenlj borne on the wind, a scorching smell. The children, In the midst of their lessons, stopped and looked at earl j other. "Bush fire!" said Flo, learnedly. I "Not much of one," said Lizzie, "wit! 1 equally sapient air." | "We'll go and ask your mother nboir it," said Beatrice. Ever moment the smell was becoming stronger. They ran across the court yard, which separated the schoolroom from the rest of the wooden house. Mrs Lawson, heated and anxious, stood in the kitchen, in consultation with the maid-seivant. The air all round was thick with smoke; and the sky was a dull and coppery red. "The worst of it is," said Mrs Lawson, addressing Beatrice, "that John and tli e men are over at Kirk's — the fire is straight between their place and ours; so he simply can't get back here to hell us. My word, what a state of mind he'l he In !" "Are we in any danger?" asked Bea trice. "Plenty" was the laconic answer. As she spoke, Mrs Lawson divested herself of her dress, put on a thick undcr-sklrt, and tied a woollen hood round her head. "No time to lose," Bhe hurriedly ex plained, " we are safe for the present, Miss Hamilton; hut the ricks will go, As sure as fate, and If the farm buildings and the house go too, as I bet they will, Lawson's a ruined man. He's suffered enough from Hood — fire will about finish him off." "What can I do to help ?" "Go into the house and make oatmeai water — the children will show you how. The men from Ford's will be over as soon as they see what's up; and they will help beat off; but they'll want drinks. iui uic wuitv a uu junc, uiiu llu Now, Mary Ann, come on," and armed with boughs, the stout servant and the farmer's wife set out. "They mean to beat off on the north side," said Flo, "that is the very side the fire is coming from, and the only place where the grass hasn't been burnt off. "Father gmd Pat meant to burn off to-morrow," chimed In Lizzie. r "Ah, there are Ford's men at the pad dock gate," called Flo, exultantly. "We're all right now, for they'll help beat off!" And so, through the hot morn-, irg hours they did, but In vain, so far as the farm-bulld- ings, the ricks, the expensive agri cultural Implements were concerned; and. by three o'clock, the house itself was threatened. Long before this time Beatrice was in active service. The children and she fill ed buckets, dippers, billies, every vessel procurable with water from the tanks. The servant, mounted on a ladder, handed them to Mrs Lawson, who, perch-- ed on the roof, poured water all around. The flames had not yet reached the dwelling, but the smoke was blinding and choking, and sparks flew all around. buQcitniy juts son nucQi "I can't do any more," she said, faint ly, "go and call the men. It's no use trying to save the stock now; they must come and help here." Beatrice flew to the blazing out-build ings; to her horror, when she reached them, she found that one man lay sense less on the ground, while the other show- (Commeoced Publication on May 22.) cd such signs of deep exhaustion that It was evident he wou'.d be of little fuither aid. With Beatrice's help, the fainting man was dragged up to the house. Both of them were rather recently ar rived Irish laborers, and ihelr one year of Australian life had 110I given them great insight into Lush fire manage ment. Apart from that, their apparently powerful frames had not the wiry vigor pertaining to the seasoned bush- 111 an. The fainting man soon revived, but after a hasty consultation with his mate, he counselled flight. n fart. It was now only too evident that any hope of escape from death lay that way; for the house was alight In several places, and the tanks were empty. "The wind will favor us; we'll make for the river." decided Mrs Bawson. .,< ? u'ln i hnrp " cuirl 1' U.lX, yu H Il'.-vv-i mil Patrick O'.Shra, despondently. "I full he as far as the water-hole we'll get," put in Mick Shane. "Come, little ones, that's bare a quarter mile." He snatched up Flo; Mick seized Lizzie, and with a last look of misery and farewell nt her burning home— the grave of much wasted lahor and fruit less hope and energy— poor Mrs Lawson followed them. Beatrice and the servant bringing up the rear. The men tore fast through the blinding smoke; soon they Were lost sight of, but all knew the way to the water-hole. On, on tlicy hurried, their heads and shoulders wrapper in hastily-torn half blankets, to protect them from the Hliovering sparks. Mr Lawson was not a very well-to-do farmer, and his land was not as well cleared as most in the neighborhood, therefore, most of their road lay through wooded stretches. The wind, at the back of them, tore now with increased and frightful velocity, and the flames leapt from tree-top to tree-top (often for distances such as 150 yards), in lurid, wreathing magnificence. The burning grass tangled their feet, and I hey often stumbled and half fell. Half-way to the water-hole they caught up to the men. Plethoric Mick had again fallen fainting to the ground, and Flo, a picture of wild and helpless terror, stood beside lilin. Their calls brought back Patrick, who. Incon tinently handed Lizzie to Mary Anne. "Yoes better hould on to her," he said, "and I'll lug Mick along till he comes to." So Beatrice and Mary Anne each took one child, while Mrs Lawson and Patrick dragged Mick along. The flames leaped and caught at the dangling little legs of the carried chil dren; caught, too, at the hands that held them, but, at last, oh God be prais ed ! — a ( last the water-hole was reached! The cool water spread before them; 1 "yt, alas, it was fringed with tall and ,_,rnhig limber. As far as theyMared, for the iiole had treacherous depths, varying from one to six feet, they waded in, scooping up soft mud to cover and cool their burnt feet and scorched arms. "God be praised !" again cried Mrs Lawson, and pressed her little ones to her heart. What booted the loss of pro perty? Had she not her darlings sofe?If only, also, their father were alive — un hurt. . . ." And. . . .as the words of praise and prayer fell from her scorched lips, there came a crash, sudden, appalling, deafen ing. A fallen tree — oh God! — a fallen, burn ing tree, crashing with Titanic splen dour and glory of demoniac flame Into tw. e very centre of that fought-for refuge. And, where the mother had clasped her children, and thanked God for the gift of their precious lives, lay only a smouldering, giant red gum trunk . . . and pressed beneath Into the waterhole, thrco crushed bodies no longer suffering no longer in pain or fear. (To be continued.) 