THE BLACK FORTY. A Story of Early Australia. CHAPTER XVII. WHICH, IF A SHORT ONE, IS FULL OF MANY THINGS. The artist went out daily with his portfolio and made many sketches in coloured chalk and sepia. Not very comprehensive sketches as far as anyone could see, for they represented mainly clumps of various kinds, the red and white gum, and the wattle and lightwood interspersed with logs and fallen timber and ferns. Very choice and neat little drawings in their way, but scarcely the sort of thing one needed to visit a new field to obtain, some of the country around Sydney furnishing ample material for similar scenes. There were some river sketches too, of rocky points and sandy reaches which he had made although no-one appeared to know where they were, nor did he seem to be over anxious to explain. One large one which he held to be a view of the lowland between Dennison's and the river with a view of the Hummock in the distance fairly puzzled old Dennison and Tom Slagge, but the artist seemed so enthusiastic over his work and so happy over the realisation of his ambition that neither of them cared to throw a doubt over the accuracy of its detail, although they both agreed when they were alone that the drawing bore not the least resemblance to the locality it was supposed to represent. The black boy was his sole companion in all his rambles, he never appearing to seek the companionship of anyone else - not from any desire to be alone apparently, for he was a most agreeable man and fond of company at all times. Although on several occasions proposals were made to take him to where there were charming views, these excursions never seemed to come off and he repeated his daily routine. Mary asked him to sketch her face, but he said that he was afraid that he would not be able to do justice to it as he was not very good at drawing the human figure, landscapes being his forte. All voted him a jolly dog of a fellow, so it made no difference to them whether he preferred to fall into ecstasy over a quarter acre of bracken fern or the deep shadows of a forest glade. Down by the riverside on the Saturday following the Sunday he made his first appearance, in the mellowing light of a sunny afternoon, walking along a winding cattle track he came suddenly on two men seated on a log, apparently engaged in earnest conversation. Their backs were towards him, but his presence was quickly announced by a huge hound which sprang forth from a lair which he had made in the cool shade of the underwood, ready to give battle to the strangers. He had never, perhaps, seen anyone so curiously dressed as Henry Darrell, and he looked upon the intrusion of such a figure as a direct invasion of his rights as a bush dog and diametrically opposed to the natural order of things. Barrett, for he was one of the couple on the log, jumped up and called the animal off, and growling a sort of apology at the same time. " A fine dog," said Darrell, " lovely dog. Good day." " Good day," returned the hunter. " fine dog for kangaroo I should say. Good watch. Now I would like to sketch that dog if you don't mind." " Do what ?" " Sketch him - draw him - paint him in fact. You will notice that I am an artist and spend my time sketching things. Now , would you believe it, you made a most picturesque figure there on the log. Your red shirt contrasted beautifully with the sombre green of the hanging summer foliage drooping from above as though in harmony with the sweet song of the feathered tribe thrilling from its depths." " Oh hell !" " Yes, even so. Live about here ?" " Mile off up the river this way. Why do you ask ?" " Only curiosity friend, mere vulgar curiosity. You will pardon it I am sure, will you not ?" " I ain't got nothing to grace you. But what d'ye think you might be after anyway, sneaking about these parts ?" " Sneaking, my friend, is a most unpleasant and ill-chosen word. I am following the bent of my inclination in the pursuit of my profession by transferring to immortal canvas some of your lovely bits of scenery. Would you like to see some of my poor attempts ?" " No." " Ah, just so - not artistic. Yet if you are inartistic, you are certainly picturesque. A fine rifle that. Small bore. I'm very fond of sport myself. May I look at it ?" " Yer a looking at it purty hard now," said Barrett. " Yer don't want to look down the muzzle of it I wouldn't expect." " No, friend, certainly not, especiallv if it was in your sweet delicate hands. I'm afraid its bullet might have a billet then." " I don't want no bandying with you. If you've got anything to say, say it and go." " I conclude, my friend, that you hold extreme views upon the right of anyone to walk at will over the forest wilds. Now you will observe it was your dog there. which began this parley, as we were meandering easily toward the riverside where the oxen drink of the cool, limpid --" " Oh, chuck it up," called out the voice of tho other man, who had remained seated upon the log, and was none but Trolly Miller. " Don't stand foolin' there with that popinjay. Let him go can't you ?" As he spoke he turned upon the log and looked towards the group. His face being thus exposed to view, the artist caught sight of it for the first time. He started violently, and dropped his portfolio upon the grass, changing colour from a rather florid hue to an ashen paleness. Barrett looked at him in some surprise as he stooped to gather up the fallen sketoh book, but noticed that immediately he had raised himself again he had regained his perfect composure. Miller also regarded him with a searching, curious look, a puzzled expression stealing over his features as though he struggled with himself to fix upon his memory something which had escaped his reoolleotion. The artist spoke first. " I am a little nervous," he explained, " and had no idea that the two of you were here." " You seem to be fidgetty," said Barrett. I wouldn't go out after dark if I was you. It might not be safe. There are ghosts out here." " I never walk the woods after dark, friend, nor go out alone for that matter." " I see you yank the nigger about with you. I concluded we had got rid of him once." " Jackey I know has been here before. Do you know him ?" " Oh, we have met before you can bet. How long do you think you'll stop - what the devil do you keep on staring at my mate for ? Did you never see a man before ?" " Your friend makes a charming position on the log - " " Oh, give it a rest. You mean to remember him and me too it would seem." " I would like to be better acquainted with both of you for the future." " Would you ? Well we don't want know you. Good day." " My friend --" " Oh, go to the devil !" And with a growl the hunter shouldered his long rifle, and calling his dog, strode away. Mlller also rose and followed him. As he was about to step out of the small clearing into the thicket, he paused and turned once more. The eyes of the two men met and were fixed, the one full of puzzled and bewildered thought, and those of the artist ablaze with an expression curious in itself, mingled surprise, incredulity, and excitement - the expression of recognition. " Who is that man, Jackey ?"' he asked as he walked away with the boy. " Him fellar no good. One baal budgery bad cove belonga him," replied the young aboriginal. " Him Jackey look for long time now. Begin to think it find him queer bumble." " No doubt of it ; but don't you know who he is ? What's his name ?" " Then fellar call that one Miller. Him great pal Simpson sing the hymn." The artist was silent and thoughtful during the afternoon, quietly stalking along the riverside clearings and paying apparently little or no attention to the beauties of nature which surrounded him. At every turn a fresh panorama met the view, yet it was all apparently lost upon him, his mind being absorbed in thoughts of the face of Trolly Miller, which had come upon him like an evil spirit. The boy told him all he knew of the man, which was not much, he being not at all well known, his presence in the district, in fact, being entirely a mystery. That he had only recently arrived from other parts and was hiding for some purpose of his own was very evident, and as no person hides away from his fellows for good, the motives must be criminal. Mary Barrett was preparing to ride across to Mrs. Carle's residence, which was situated about five miles distant. Her husband was busy at Dalrymple's at the sheep yards and would be home that evening. Accordingly, Mrs. Dennison with a kind forethought which was part of her nature, held that a woman in trouble with a sick baby would not be likely to have too sumptuous a larder on hand to prepare for her master's return home. Therefore, Mary was to ride over in the evening with such as she could strap to the saddle, a small bundle of good things for the weary woman and her ailing infant. The artist could not but admire her as she stood there in the dusk laughing and joking with young Tom, who made all secure for her, as he termed it, before she sailed away. And in good sooth the man old or young who could pass Mary Barrett with a mere side glance must have been more than human. Rich and ripe with the full beauty of blooming womanhood, her supple figure as straight as a rush as she stood beside the horse, showed itself all the more prominently for the close fitting riding habit she wore. It was no wonder that the eye of Henry Darrell was caught by the fair picture she presented, and he paused as he opened the little gate and gazed upon her in admiration. She turned as he approached and smiling showed a beautiful set of small white teeth, which, contrasting with the ripe red of her full mouth, made her truly fascinating. No wonder the artist thought that young Tom was in love. He himself would be in love if be looked much longer. " Good evening Mr. Darrell," she said. " Made any more pictures today ?" " Oh, much as usual, miss, but the fact is I feel so thoroughly contented and happy here in the forest that life seems spoiled by too much labour." " I fancy you like to go fishing better like waiting, Mr Darrell." " Well not exactly, although I am fond of some splendid blaokfish in the river.' " And carp ?" " Oh yes, and carp. I am going to fish tonight." " Where ?" " Down where the traok crosses by the old haunted hut. There is a deep hole down there and Jackey anticipates a full catch." " I will call on my way home and carry your fish. You mightn't be able to carry them all by yourself you know." And she broke into a ripple of clear loud laughter which was heartily joined in by the others standing near. For the artist, whose portfolio showed a budget of sketches, the originals of which none of them ever saw, he was less expert with the line than in delineating the features of the country upon paper, familiar to the residents. " It is true," he replied, " that I am not always successful but I hope to do better next time. I met a young fellow - Harris I think you call him - on Wednesday with a splendid catch. But surely you are not going alone ?" " Why not ? l have no one to fear now the bushrangers are gone. Besides, it it a bright evening and I ride all the way in tha open. Tom wanted to come with me, but 1 wouldn't let him. He has been at work since daylight and has three good hours in the wool-shed yet." " Might I not have the honour ?" " You might not. I am sure you must be fatigued with your heavy day's work." " Now you are poking fun at me again." " Never more serious in my life, my dear sir. Besides you have to catch the fish. I will call for you there if I don't stay all night." " Are you going to ride that horse, Mary ?" called out old Thomas Dennison as he appeared in the doorway. " Yes, father. He is safe enough." " Tom should have known better than to have saddled him up for you. I don't like it at all." " Oh, nonsense. He wants riding ; doesn't get half enough exercise. A little more of it would take the nonsense out of him. Well, goodbye till I see you all again. Goodbye, Mr Darrell, and leave us a few fish in the river. And, vaulting into the saddle with a merry peal of laughter, she shook the reins upon the neck of her horse, which bounded out of the rail space and galloped into the open paddocks hard held by his fair rider. That night, Dennison and the artist sat together in close conversation, carried on in low tones. They were speaking of the story of Tom Slagge which Darrell had asked to hear, as he had an absorbing interest in the particulars. The artist told how he had met with the hunter and Miller out by the river that afternoon and how Jackey could not give him much information at all about the man. " The hunter, Barrett, we all know," said Dennison, " but I'm not sure who the other man is. I have never heard of any strangers here at all. " Besides, what does he want here anyhow ?" " He is hiding." " Hiding from what ?" " Hiding from justice. He is wanted by the police I can assure you. See here, Mr Dennison, this day I recognised him." " Do you know him then ?" " I have never seen him in the flesh but I have a photograph in my pack. Mr Dennison, I must tell you at once so that you are on your guard. You will remember how the boy Tom accidentally overheard our conversation upon Sunday last." " A most unfortunate occurrence." " True ; but it was purely accidental. But now comes the danger, That man, the Flying Doe, or Vivian Slagge, young Tom's father, is the man Miller I saw today." " My God in Heaven, Darrell, are you sure ?" " Sure enough. I am not the kind of man to be mistaken, My calling compels me to fix every detail of a face upon my memory, and his is one which a person is not likely to forget." " It is so ; one which you would perforce remember. But I have been told that he died in Van Diemen's Land. He broke away from Macquarie Harbour with several others and took to the bush. Two came back with a terrible story of cannibalism, which shocked the senses of even the very brutes who ruled them. They died afterwards from the effects of it all, as shrieking maniacs. They killed Slagge and ate him." " It is fearful. But their minds were deranged and they knew not what they were saying. That Slagge got away is certain. He managed to pass through the terrible bush of the western country and escape. I will prove my words." After going into his rooms, the artist returned in a few moments with two daguerreotype portraits in his hand. " This one," he explained to Dennison, " is that of Vivian Slagge taken in London. This other," he said, " was taken in Sydney." There could be no doubt. The scowling handsome face was there, and in spite of the alteration made by the addition of prison clothes and jail surroundings, the face was the same. " It is indeed true," said Dennison. " My God this is frightening. Poor Tom. We must consult over all of this, Darrell ; they must never meet. I regret now that I let Mary go over to Carle's whilst that fellow is about ?" To Be Continued. 