NOTES FROM THE FAR WEST. GLIMPSES OF LIFE IN THE INTERIOR. RECORDS OE ROMANCES OF VICISSITUDE. IN THE CAMPS. BY DAG. The smoke from a hundred fires is lazily leaving the ground this chilly morning. Not before it has mingled with the haze lying on the plot beyond the camp, where tho timber is still tmont, does it merge into the grey colors of the gums and herbage and the faint mist above the low bushes. Pots, improvisod out of preserve tinß mostly, are bubbling with porridge and coffee; the odor of bacon and tinned meat, variations in frys and stews makes tbo air sick with sugges tions to hungry stomachs. Tables are spread in the open, or nnder coverings of boughs, and the morning meal is eaten hastily, without any formality or loiter ing over tho last cup of tea. The teamsters are gone an hour ago, for they have not to seek their horses away from the chaff bin, whore they feed all night. The Afghans breakfasted early and prayed still earlier; turning their faces Meccawards, where lies their Holy Sepulchre. Their wandering “ oonts,” hobbled cruelly tight, have yet contrived, by dint of hopping like great kangaroos, to travel beyond tho close cropped bushes on the confines of the camp. How they are being brought in unwillingly, each long neck and beaky sinister head stretched as far back as the line secured to its nose stud and tied to the tail of the preceding animal will allow it to lag. At last the long string of ungainly animals are got in the lines where thoy knelt to be unloaded last night, and in obedience to the command “ Hooshta 1" “ Hooshta they kneel down again, groaning horribly by way of protest all the time. Their, drivers proceed to hang cases of ale, galvan ised iron shoots and cast iron telegraph poles upon the baoks ot the animals, tying all in a deft puzzling way only known to the dußky children : of Mahomet. Every time the camel is approached’ or a new weight added - to ' his load ; he' ceases chewing to open his long, ugly teeth and groan vigorously, and when ordered to' stand up he growls savagely while unfolding his legs. Then standing serenely with his bprden, oblivious to the attacks of myriads of flies on Iris impervious but sadly galled hide, or on bis defiant eyes, that never blink, for they aro protected by long, bristly hairs, he grows quiet and watchful of his surround ings. One observant brute has fonnd a loose board on one of the cases which it carries, so it pro ceeds to investigate the interior of that c ise, and finding the contents appetising, pulls out the bottles, and dines on their straw en velopes, until his driver at the far end of the long camel train hearing the crash of falling battles hastens to the rescue of the rest. Now they glide away with soft footfalls on the dusty pad, and uoiselessly, save for the clank of one or two untied bells and the swish of water contained in the big iron can teens on their backs. There are nearly 12 tons of goods on the backs of those 40 camels, and it represents about £5OO to tbo carriers, a firm of Afghans well known in the Far North of South Australia as but the ghosts of a coming firm of traders and station-owners, who are the real Afghans in that colony at least. . , . By the time the sun appears over the crest of the nearest ranges the camp is almost deserted, for every man has gone to his post, but for hours towards midday the track of the departed teams and caravans still is visible by tho clouds of dust that ri-es among the tree tops to tho north of us. By the Firelight. . At night men are grouped in littls parties in front of the tents and at the “ ingle nook” by the condenser fires. To-night among the visitors at our camp are a few men from remote parts of the world. Old grizzled miners, wbo started their ap prenticeship in the alluvial mines of a past day in Ballarat and Sebastopol, and have since passed through various stages of luck, tempered by fever and quinine in Queensland sernbs. One present here hails from a cele brated silver mine in old Pern, lying at an altitude of 17,000 feet. There, he says, the air is so rare that men can simply crawl about at a snail’s pace with safety, for a slight exertion will frequently bring on hemorr hage, and it often proves fatal. Another present is telling a brief story of Arctic experiences, gained while seeking for the “ Jeanette party,” who were sent out by the owner of the New York Herald. In that disastrous voyage his own brother wa3 lo3t among other poor fellows wbo accompanied De Long. Stort op a Queensland Tbagedt. “Did I know the Skanes?” “Jerry and Jack Skane?” replies a fine tall Irishman whom I knew on Allendale some years ago. “I knew them when I was a bnv at work on tho Enreka with my father. Everybody knew them as lucky men, for they owned a claim next to the Native Youth, and got a power of gold out of it. Two fine powerful fellows they wore. When they got the gold out they went home and bought an estate in Irol ind, keening racehorses, and Eending their children to France in order to be educated correctly. Not many years afterwards you will recollect them back again, and working for wages in the old Prince of Wales mine at Sebastopol. I have seen one driving a cub in Brisbane lately,-and I was not a hnndrad yards away when young Jack was speared by the blacks on tho spot where Herberton now stands. Poor Jack ! I remember, he had gone ont but a few minutes with a bridle in his hand to catoh a horse, and no revolver in his bolt. The blacks threw a few spears at him while quite close to the camp, and finding he had no gnn they closed on him quickly and stuck h>m full of spears. “ When wo found him ho was alive, and kept saying, ‘ They never gavo me a chanco, and I could’nt find so much as a stone or a stick to drive tho enrs off with ’ “We cut the ends off the spears and sent a messenger for a doctor. When he diod his brothers swore to shoot every blnok they could find, and ono of them obtained sort of permit to go ont with tho police and shoot ‘Myalls.’ He was stopped vory soon though for they said he wa3 killing those who wore blankets as well as ‘ Myalls.’ ” Much Travelled Adventurers. There is a good humored, fair, fresh look ing, and jovial Englishman travelling with mo and camping hero to-night. He has tra velled over a great part of the world, and exactly 42 days ago he stepped into a mail steamer in London to come here on a short bnsino-B visit. “ When I get back in July,” he remarks, “ I have a commission to inspect a concession our people have bought from a Russian princess, and when that work is com plete I Bball stay in England for the rest of my days.” . . . “ Yes, it’- gold and other things of value we oxpeet to find in this 800 sqnaro miles concession of ours. It lies in the 1 Urals, and belonged to the Governor of that •province, who gave the right to mine in it to his daughter last year as a dowry on her marrying a native prince. One per cent, royalty and £lO,OOO is all that we aro to pay for a century or two to come. Will you como over to manage it for us ?" Two of our camp fellows have by this time discovered that they have met in Venezuela, where, one remarks, “I saw. only a few weeks ago, almost as much machinery rotting and rusting as I did when staying at Panama.” Adding, “Of course at Panama the heavy stuff is partly covered up by the Chagre- River; while thousands of tons have been sold to the masters of Yankee schooners. It cost the sellers nothing, for they simply stole'the stuff. Panama has been a mine for the natives and the Yankee traders ever since the French nation commencedto shovel its money out there.” Tale of a Penang Riot. . “Everybody has heard of Charles V.',”says one to the much- travelled Englishman! • “I often heard of you in tho Malay Peninsnla; but I never saw yon, and’certainly never ex pected to meet you in W.A. I even heard that, you were killed, in a coolies’ riot on the Penang claims, xou look well. Yon don’t look like a man who has had every disease that foreign travel can procure.” “About that riot?” V. replies to his ques tioner. “ Well, I had nearly 1000 men work ing for me in those tin holdings. Nearly all Chinese coolies, with their own countrymen as head men. and responsible for their work and pay. Johnny won’t work for you as oheaply as he will for his own people. They wero the most docile, peaceful and hard working of men I thought until one night. A terrific row set in about midnight. It seemed as if all Hades were loosed for a holiday. I stuck a couple of revolvers in my belt, got my cane—l always carried a light cano fnst by a loop to tho wrist—and ran down to tho camp. All my boys wero there, and many strangers too. Yelling and screeching and chopping away at each other with axes, throw ing stones in showers, and slashing with bamb ’os like madmen. I dived in and struck ont right and left among them, swearing I would shoot them all if they did not stop, but soma of the rocks intended for the enemy reached my head, and I had to retire for repairs for a few minutes. “Afterwards Ifonndmy head men and I told those fellows if they did not stop the fighting and keep the camp quiet all night I would shoot tli- m both in the morning. I made them b°lieve it by using all the onths that a China man heeds. They stopped it. I sent two boys with orders down through the jungle to bring up tho native police. They wore terribly afraid of tigers, but a few pence and some pro mises quietened their fears. “The row was caused by some strangers stealing opium from my men. Next day when they wore brought in to be treated —somo with their faces sliced, some with heads smashed and eyes knocked out, ent and gashed horribly all ronnd —I fell sick before I had half finished sewing np their wonnda. The poor fellows have the most complete confidence in one’s skill in such matters. “ I was glad to bo summoned to the coast to give evidence against the leading rioters, or rather those whom we arrested as such. In the native court, after giving my evidence privately, for I bad a seat on the bench, the magistrate raid, I Do yon want me to hang tha lot?’ ‘Good Heaven, no!’ I replied, ‘I only want my money from these head men. They owe me 500 dollars each, as advances for wages to the men.’ ‘I think it’e best to hang those fellows; they are a bad lot,’ said the magis trate. I remonstrated, and finally he sent them to ganl nntil their friends could raise the money to pay me, for they vehemently pio tested that they had not a penny of thoir own or mine, and wore quite williug to die. The onnning rascals 1 “I went away to Singapore for a holiday, as the fever season was prevailing at the mines. One day in Singapore I was accosted by a poor-looking native woman, who said, ‘Yon lot my husband out of goal; me poor; my children starve; no fathor.’ * No, I said. ‘Me givo yon 50 dollars.’ ‘Five hundred or nothing,’ said I. She cried and wont away, coming hack soon with another woman, and raising her offer to 100 dollars. ‘Me starving; no husband,’ sho said, in Chinese. I said. ‘ Starve away, but I must have 500 dollars.’ One day she said hor friends would give me 250 dollars to release her ha-band. I refused it, and snon afterwards lett for Saigon. Ono day, sitting on the dock of a schooner, I spied my two debtors among the crowd of coolies on board. I went forward and asked them how they got out of gaol. Alas, for my 1090 dollars 1 They said that they bribed the governor with 50 dollars, and he let them go free. I wished I had lot them be bangod.” 