Tioh1 H0us8 of Silonc.lo [BY DR. J. H. ROBINSON.] OCHAPTER XII.--Continued. Terence did not move. She pressed her hand upon his shoulder, and he seemed to dissolve under its touch. He sank into the high-backed chair to which she had pointed, but con tinued gazing at her. 'BFair guide,' he said, 'speak to me. Tell me of this house-its steal ing footsteps-its muffled voices-its aecrets-- its master-' 'Hush !' interrupted the quadroon. 'Learn to obey. Break no, the Seal of Silence. The Hand of Power is remorseless; it crushes alike the worm and the prince.' She took a small silver wand from the slab and touched his lips. The action was alike graceful and impres sive. He felt that prudence would be discretion, and bowed in token of compliance. She struck thrice upon a bell with the wand, and withdrew like one who treads, with guarded footstep, the chamber of sickness. She seemed to float from the room. His eyes fol lowed her, and he thought of Desiree. He sat some moments without mov ing, then casting off the awe which the girl and the place had inspired, arose, and paced to and fro; but re membering the injunction that had been placed upon him, stepped very lightly. Half an hour passed. He threw frequent glances at the door, in hopes to see again the quadroon. He was looking at the picture of St. Peter, when he became aware that he was not alone. He turned and beheld Bertoli, who had entered without noise. 'You have waited,' he said, in a low voice. 'It is well to learn to wait. Everything comes of waiting. But now, that I am here, we will lose no time. You have visited the Mont reuils twice; you waited for a lady in a blue dress, with a bunch of camel lias in her left hand; you knocked a man down; you went home with MIadame Vancourt; you fell in love with Desiree ; your heart is on fire with her beauty.' 'By what methods have you arrived at all this ?' Terence asked, watching the features of his unknown superior. ' The Children of the House of Sil ence are everywhere. They are found on every civilised spot on the globe. They are viewless shadows, stalking ghosts, swift messengers of good and of evil. Young man, I have eyes that scan the world, arms that reach across the ocean.' 'It may be, it may be, but I am incredulous,' said Terence, whose colour went and came while Bertoli was speaking. 'Continue your visits to the Mon treuils. Note everything that occurs. Mark the bearing of Madame Van .co'urt toward Desiree and other members of the family. Reach, if possible, to the purpose of Hewden. Probe the secret of his remarkable efforts; and be ready at all times to respond to a summons from me.' 'And what,' questioned Terence, with emphasis, 'what am I to expect for my reward for becoming your automaton ?' 'It may be Desiree,' said Bertoli; then added, depressing his voice to a thrilling chest tone, 'It may be Death!' The young man clasped his hands and lifted his eyes to the dark ceiling. 'Death or Desires!' he repeated, solemnly. 'I.accept the hazard. I ask but Desiroe or Death. If I lose the first the last will be welcome.' He became conscious of a tremu lous motion beneath him and a slight vibration of the air. Turning he saw one of the walls of the apartment slowly and noiselessly ascending. It went up and up until it was lost and identified with the ceiling. As it arose a singular spectacle was gradu ally revealed. He beheld a dozen men, in masks, seated at a long table. They were motionless as figures of iron. No two were dressed alike, but all represented, in their various garbs, as many branches of labour. ' Who are these ?' asked Terence, in a suppressed voice. 'They are,' answered Bertoli, 'the Occult, the Unseen, the Silent! They are the Eyes that see without bAing seen;, the Ears that hear when others are deaf; the Feet that walk without being heard; the Hands that strike in secret-phantoms that move in darkness !' The yoiung man could not forbear casting for the hundredth time, a scrutinising look upon his proud and mysterious patron. His expression was haughty, firm, almost arrogant. Terence felt that he was standing be side a man who considered him but a worm. Ho queried who he could be, recalling to his mind every secret society he had over heard of, but he could not reach a conclusion satisfac tory to himself. Bertoli divined his thoughts. \- Do not perplex your brain,' he ob served. 'You cannot comprehend you cannot know the ways of the Children of Silence.' ' I see nothing so very formidable about them,' responded Terence, in opposition to his own convictions. "I judge from their garbs that they are from the lower orders of society. I could also swear that one is a cook, another a porter, the third a valet, the fourth a coachman, the fifth a street beggar, the sixth a watchman, the seventh a waiter at table, the eighth ' It is enough. Appearances have not deceived you; the men are what they seem-they are but a few of thousands such scattered all over the world.' Terence grew slightly pale. 'If this be true,' he answered, somewhat huskily, 'society is no longer safe. There is no privacy, no family or State secrets-nothing in the whole vast machinery of social and political commerce that is not anticipated and seen.'. He paused. 'But what you tell ms is incre dible; this is but a harmless mas querade-a simple charaltanry !' A smile curled Bertoli's bloodless lips-a smile that was like lightning flashing upon a menacing cloud. Terence gazed at him spell-bound; when he again cast his eyes toward the masks the scene had vanished, the wall descended. 'I beg,' said Terence, ' to with draw from connection with an order so powerful-so terrible.' 'There is but one method of with drawal,' answoiered Bertoli, with a look so significant that Terence recoiled. 'The dagger of the assassin!' exclaimed the young man. 'I have named neither dagger nor assassin, but,' he continued, speaking very deliberately, ' when you wish to turn your back upon the Children of Silence, tell me !' That smile, like pale lightning, flickered over his lips again. 'I think,' replied Terence, shrug ging his choulders, 'I shall choose to remain with you.' ' You have decided wisely. It shall be mine to see that you lose nothing by the decision,' returned Bertoli. 'Permit me to ask, sir, is there no novitiate ? Are there no ideals ?' 'A novitiate long and trying to the soul. Sometimes the purifying ordeals break down the sinews of the strong est." 'But mine-mine- ' 'Shall be my care. I lighten or impose burdens, according to the capabilities, qualities, and purposes of the novice. Look behind you, and behold the termination of this mas querade.' Terence turned upon his heel, but saw nothing save the dark, impassive wall, which he considered a moment, then said: ' Sir, you jest.' He spoke to empty air. Bertoli was not there-he had gone unheard. While he pondered, a tremor shook the wall and it began steadily to ascend. At the same moment the quadroon appeared, and handing him a black mask said: 'Put it on quickly, and stand here close in this corner. See, but speak not.' She awaited no answer, but vanished through the door. Terence adjusted the mask. In half a minute the lower portion of the wall reached the ceiling, and he be held the Secret Tribunal of the Ohildren of Silence. Twelve persons in black masks and black silk robes were seated in a semi-circle upon a platform. Upon a kind of throne considerably elevated above the rest in the center of the are of the circle, sat the judge and arbiter of the order. Before this imposing body was a long table upon which were several books, papers, a sword, a dagger, a purse, and a pen. A silver goblet stood in the centre. The table and the plat form were covered with black drapery. Strange figuxos, devices, and mottoes were painted upon the walls. The judge-such he seemed to be -held in his hand a scroll, upon which was written the word ' Justice,' in red, flaming letters. Upon an illumination behind him was inscribed, 'We judge righteous judg ment.' The young man glanced from point to point, but could discover nothing that was not in strict keeping with the chilling solemnity of the assem blage. ' These,' said a voice that seemed to breathe out of the cforner where he stood, ' are the Professed-the Adepts. You have already seen the Coadjutors -the Occult.' He looked about him-the speaker was invisible. Two persons, in dominoes of coarse serge and grey masks, entered and approached the table, supporting a man whoso limbs, apparently, could scarcely perform their office. His head was bowed upon his breast, while his face was haggard and de spairing. When he reached the table he clutched the edge of it to steady himself. The dominoes bowed pro foundly and fell back. ' Martin Ludwigger,' said the man upon the raised seat, whose voice sounded to Torence like Betroli's, 'you know the doom of traitors !' 'I know-I know!' murmured Ludwiggor. 'Are you prepared to pay the penalty? Have you said farewell to hope and earth ?' asked the judge. 'It is hard to banish hope-it clings to, it haunts one. If I could be for given-if mercy-' 'No forgiveness-no merey-Jus tice! We are just. We reward the faithful, we enrich the poor, we scatter gold with oxhaustless prodigality, we give death to the traitor ! The latter, Martin Ludwigger, is yours.' 'Horrible gift !' exclaimed Lud wigger. 'The Twelve have judged you. They find you guilty of having left the True to embrace the False; of taking gold of our enemies; as acting as a spy upon the Workers in silence. You know not the greatness of the power you have sought to betray.' Martin Ludwigger clutched the table more tightly to keep from falling. He glanced from one to another of the masked faces, and the sickly hue of despair crept more palpably over his face. He staggered backward and held up his hands in supplication. 'Not to us,' said the judge, 'but to Heaven direct your entreaties. One of the men in the grey mask came for ward, took the silver goblet from the table and placed it in Ludwigger's right hand. 'Drink!' said the judge. SI cannot! I cannot!' cried the culprit, casting the goblet from him with a shudder of horror. The grey mask then offered him the dagger, but no sooner had the hilt touched his nerveless fingers than it fell with a wringing sound at his feet. ' He has chosen!' exclaimed the judge, waving his hand. The second grey mask made a single step forward, casting his weight upon the foot that was ad vanced. Instantly the floor where Ludwigger was standing settled down, bearing with it the traitor, who disappeared with incredible quickness. A terrible shriek came back, the dis placed floor returned, and a voice said, 'It is just!' Terence closed his eyes and, chilled and sickened, leaned against the wall. When he was sufficiently calm to look again, the Tribunal of the Children of Silence had passed from his sight. He was alone in the room to which the quadroon girl had conducted him. He fancied he could hear the working of ponderous, horrible machinery, and that a fresh and reeking odour of death steamed up to his nostrils. The natural vivacity of his disposition was checked, his sensibili ties shocked. He moved his arms, his limbs, and tearing the mask from his face, dashed it upon the floor. He took a few steps forward, then stopped, fearing that he might tread upon a concealed trap and be precipitated to some unknown depth, to suffer a miserable death. The thought occurred to him that his movements were seen, his emotions noted. He called, there fore, upon his pride and manhood to aid him. The waxen candles that burned upon the marble slab seemed to the young man to shed a more ghastly light, and to menace him with their fitful rays, which, casting a faint illumination upon the pictures and meagre appoint ments of the room, increased the awe that already oppressed the conscious ness of Terence. While his mind was thus agitated, and his spirits tossed to and fro by contending tides, the door opened and Bertoli entered. His face was cold, calm, severe. ' Young man,' he said, ' in trusting you with a dangerous secret I have transcended the ordinary rules of the order. But I alone am responsible. I wanted the services of a person having qualities that I believe you possess. I selected you. You have seen what none but the most advanced of the Household of Bilence may behold, after years of humiliating and painful ordeals.' 'I sought not your confidence. You have led me on step by step. How could I expect such revelations as you have made? Your order is odious, diabolical! This night you have destroyed a human life!' retorted Terence, with more warmth than dis cretion. (To Be Continued ) 