GENERAL GLEANINGS. Extracts from the Pastoral . Letter . A OP THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA ASSEMBLED IN SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL. To (he Clergy and Laity of their Charge. Venerable and Beloved Brethren of the clergy, beloved child ren of the Laity, — IN taking note of the progress which religion has made within the ten yeas that have elapsed since the first Plenary Council of Australasia was held, we have felt our hearts overflow with thankfulness to the father ot mercies and the God of all consolation for the abundant blessings he has bestowed upon us . in these latter years. We touch the pulse of the Australian Catho licism, and we recognise a fulness, a vigor of life, that reminds us of the best days in Catholic history.- It is blessed pre-eminently with that gift from above which our Divine Redeemer singled out in His prayer to His Heavenly Father on behalf ©f His Church, and which He intended as the distinctive characteristic of His dis ciples before the world, and the simple, direct proof of His own divine mission — the gift of unity. We can truly say of the Catholics of Australia that Our Divine Lord has " kept them in one," for there never was truer accord be tween pastors and people than that which exists between people and priests, between diocese and diocese, between province and province throughout these colonies ; nor is there in Christendom a National Church more loyal in its \- devotion and obedience to the Mother and Mistress of all Churches, the Holy Catholic Apostolic Church of Blessed Peter. Hence the joy with which, in conformity with Catholic usage, at the opening of our Synod deliberations, we all renewed our solemn profession of the Faith as held and taught by St. Peter's Successor, for in doing so we satisfied the inmost yearnings of our hearts, and felt that you all, although absent in body, were with us in mind and spirit, and. that your profession of the same Apostolic doctrine would be as prompt aud as unreserved as our own. You are, indeed, daily making that profession of your Faith; for what can be more admirable, more convin cing, than the labours, fatigues, and sacrifices which you — -both pastors and people — brave so. cheerfully in order to extend its influence and safeguard it against dangers ? THE CHURCH LIVES BV DIVINE FAITH. Human life does, it is true, in its manifold complexity, supply motives for noble aud disinterested action, and we are often now-a-days privileged to witness examples of its pbilanthrophy . "We rejoice in common with the present illustrious Head of the Catholic World at every stride which humane and benevolent co-operntiou has mude in these latter times, to mitigate the hardships and assuage the sufferings of our fellow- men. We extend cordially the right hand of fellowship to all, of whatever profession, who aim at im proving the lot of those who seem unable to make headway unaided. But even in these benevolent endeavours, we Catholics must kindle our zeal from a ' higher source than mere philanthrophy. Iu every human being we recognise a brother, because we have faith in his Father and ours. The poorest human soul, seared as it may be by crime and stained by sin, retains in our . eyes, iu the eyes of the Church, I enough of God's handiwork, whereon to ' edify "unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the age of the fnluesB of Christ." The Catholic Church is not content to staunch the wounds and dress the sores of humanity ; like so m&oy; of her own Saints she bends down and reverently, lovingly kisses them, for the love of Him who said : " Amen, I say to yon, as long as yon do it to one of these my least brethren, you did it to me." This is the secret of the Church's unwearied activity, that in every human beiDg she beholds some lineaments of the blessed counteuance of Christ. FAITH-INSPIRED ZEAL OF THE CHURCH. The Catholic pppulatiou of Australa sia is something more than eight hundred thousand. Without aid of aay sort from the public funds to which they contribute, they support about nine hundred priests secular and regular ; they maintain nearly four hundred teaching brothers, over three thousand sisters; they have twenty- two colleges for boys and young men, one hundred and fourteen boarding-schools for girls, one hundred and forty-six superior schools for externa, about eight hundred primary schools, sixty- two charitable institutions, and nearly one hundred thousand children attend ing Catholic schools. These facts speak eloquently for the earnestness of Catholic Faith . For it is this living, energizing principle which has called those institutions into existence, and maintains them in their ' manifold variety. It is this spirit of faith which imparts to Catholic Councils their unique character, for when the pastors of the Catholic Church assemble to devise remedies for existing needs, they are fortified by the consciousness that they know their own minds and the minus or men people, iney leei cerium that their enactments will not remain a dead letter, and that the words they publish wilt not fall to the ground. FRIENDLY DISPOSITION OF THE PEOPLE OF AUSTRALIA TOWARDS THE OATHOLIO OHl RCH. Observant visitors to these colonies have been struck by the consideration which the Catholic Church everywhere enjoys, and by the rapid disappearance of those dark prejudices against Catholic doctrines and institutions which immi grants from the old lands took with them almost unawares. They were hardly to blame. In their minds the Catholic Church was a hateful monster — such, indeed, as never existed, and could not have long exist-d, amongst men. It was a fiction handed down from evil days. It was the offspring of ignorance and credulity, and nothing could have availed to kill it hut actual knowledge. That knowledge came when men found themselves on these virgin lands united together in a common struggle with the forces of nature, and inspired by a common ambition to raise up a new nation. The spiiit of citizen ship is incompatible with social ostra cism ; the honest heart of the hardy pioneer goes out. readily to his fellcw- worker irrespective of differences in religious beli«f. The sentiment of fair play, the principle of equal rights, has triumphed over prejudice, and, although it may take long to clear away all mis conceptions, yet we are convinced that the people of Australia will never wittingly approve of persecution, and that year by year they will take a more favourable view of the Church's aims. A free, energetic, and progressive people, they will not fail to appreciate those personal and social virtues which befit freemen and safeguard progress ; and, as they realize the action of the Church upon the individual conscience and upon public sentiment, they will, we are sure, welcome so salutary an influence. THE OATIJOLIO CHURCH COURTS EX AMINATION OF HER WORKS. The Catholic Church has never shrunk from inviting inquiry into her works. Conscious of being the Witness and Teacher appointed unto ruaukind by llim who appealed to His works in proof of His divine mission, she con fidently invites all men to judge her by her work b, to test her by her fruits. Her credentials are indeed manifold. They cover her past history since the, dawn of propihecy. They meet and satisfy the mind on every plane of in- . vestigation, but by a marvellous dis pensation of divine wisdom they are virtually summarized so as to be brought, home to the capacities of all in every single age by the simple spectacle of the Church, iu her daily life. Who can fail to see that she is about her Father's business ? Who can deny that she goes about doing good ? Who can listen to her and not confess that she teaches, not like the scribes and doctors, but with authority ? Her hierarchy, inspired with confidence in Christ's perennial presence, knows no distinction of rank or caste ; and yet, who toil more arduously for the present, who plant more assiduously for future generations ? Her levites and hand maidens are filled with the same uni versal sympathies, the same uncalculat- ing generosity. She influences babes and sucklings ; the Catholic rhi -! at its school tasks shows a tone of .bought, a moral tamper that cannot be mistaken. >he at once speaks from the housetops to the great concourse of men, and yet reaches the most secret recesses of the individual mind. She touches the con science at its quickest. She leavens the whole soul with a transmuting virtue. Everyone feels the distinctive character of Catholic conscience, and everyone who understands must admit that it makes for modesty, purity, honesty- The Church doss not make light' of the Stoic virtues ; she extracts from them the sliog of the serpent, the venom of pride and selfishness. Tbe heroes she lias crowned were without fear and without reproach Because her conversation is in heaven, it is her delight to be amongst the childen of men, and she pays the nenaltv of the disinterested in heino1 sn much misunderstood. They who have no relish for things heavenly are out of patience with her because she will not confine her activity to the benevolenees I of earth; while the self-righteous would i keep her within the rails of the sanc- f tuary, suffering a ein-laden world to proceed along the path it has chosen. The Catholic Church confesses herself a debtor to all meu. She will not take up her parable with those who elect to preach the glorification of any race in particular; she will not be content to interest cultured circles in questions of the soul ; nor will she depend upon odd proceedings in order to attract attention for a season. She has other means of leading men to Christ. " Let a man so account of as," says the Apostle, " as of the ministers of Christ, and the dis pensers of the mysteries of God." She is filled with solicitude to be faithful to her ministry, for her strength lips therein. She will not cease to preach truth and justice and mercy; to vindi cate the rights and dignity of man ; to stand, as she has often stood, between the oppressed and the oppressor ; but she cannot court applause at the ex pense of the Gospel. Herprecepts will ulwnyB be sane and her counsels feasible. She cannot undertake to preach a new Gospel. She has no call co tickle the itching earn of those who aro weary of the Apostolic message. .She has, however, an unbounded confi dence in the .efficiency of that raossuge for the healing of the nations It is one of the hopeful signs of this closing century that the words which the Heal of the Church, the Yicar of Christ, has addressed to Christendom have been received with growing respect by those vho are not of the fold, and have re peatedly been welcomed with joyous acclaim alike by the rulers and peoples of the earth. CATHOLICS OBLIGED TO EDIFY BY THEIR EXAMPLE. Now the goodwill manifested by non- Catholics towards the doctrines and institutions of the Church impose upon us, pastors and people, a corresponding duty. It is no small thing to be accountable iu any measure for a brother's ignorance of saving truth; we dare not in the Inst day plead that we were not our brother's keeper. When the Church's own words fully reach the heart, they come fraught with con viction. Through them the Holy Ghost articulates his message to the soul. But the simplest and most natural way for men to come face to face with the Church is through the conversation and lifo of their Catholic acquaintances. The example of the flock to the world is the test by which the world will appraise the work of the pastor, and of the Church he represents. It is a terrible thing to cause the Word of God to be blasphemed. Remember the woe denounced by our Divine Lord against those who shall have given scandal. Let Catholios not forget that they owe religious obligations to their non-Catholic neighbours as well as offices of charity towards their Catholic brethren. In excusing the transgres sion of a weak brother you may err through excessive indulgence; in con doning the fault of one you may scanda lise many. Be tender and merciful u9 becomes the disciples of him who prayed for his executioner, and who commands us to pardon a brother's offence, not seven times merely, but sevealy times seven. But be just. Mete our coudemnatioa impartially, aud remember that no man can serve God or His Church so long as he is untrue to his obligations towards his fellow men, without distinction of reli gion. Let, your judgments be biassed by no party interests ; but while eschewing hateful inquisitorial practices, strive in all things to uphold justice, integrity, and decorum. Be not intimi dated by caprice, though for a season it should wear the commanding aspect of public opinion. The fundamental truths by which your minds are en lightened should always shine luminously over your ways. Have courage. Hide not this heavenly light from the eyes of your fellow countrymen. Hold it up to them, that they too may learn to admire it and to love it, and that they maybe led by it unto the Holy Moun- tain aud into the Tabernacles of the Lord. — — — — — — 0 