THE MOUTH. OF THE LITTLE PITCHER, Sir Athelstane Clarke considered that he had a very fine and decided charac ter. His friends said that he was as ob stinate as a mule. That was where the difference of opinion came in. His ap pearance suggested the idea that, after nature had planned him out and arran ged him on the usual principles, some mischievous goblin had given him a jerk away. The result was that he presented more and more ungainly an gles for general observation than could be surveyed on any equal space of hu man superficies. His hair also was of peculiarly crude ocherish hue. 'and had a tendency to stand upright after a fash ion only tolerable in the presence of a ghost. This symptom, however, did not betoken any lack of courage in his com position, nor was he at all afraid of spectral visitants. Some people said it was a proof of re markable daring that he should have set his heart on marrying. Mrs Daven ant. One or two of his relations even tried to attack him oft the subject. It' was then that he showed his firmness— i or obstinacy. “Mrs Devenant is a most charming and beautiful woman,” he said, “and of course, she has enemies. But even her enemies dare not say anything definite against her. If they did then the law would deal with them.” After that, as the ladies agreed, there was nothing more to be said. If a man was actually so vulgar as to talk of the law in connection with ladies, and if one was to be bothered by a horrid law yer just because one discussed the or dinary conversation of the day, well, really things are coming to a pretty pass. Sir Athelstane Clarke had not yet proposed to Mrs Davenant. That was Science; i-ronult of accident than of di a leaning to preambles. On sb»a JiW casions he had set to work to open the subject, but by the time he had finished his introduction something always hap pened. On one occasion a visitor had been announced. On another, a second couple had come into the sitting room and planted themselves wifhin a yard or so. Once again, when he was really go ing along at a fine pace, Mrs Davenant herself was so oppressed by the heat of the conservatory that she felt quite faint, and he had to take her out into the air. He regretted this occasion es pecially, because not only had he ex pressed himself remai-kably well, and, he thought, made a real impression on her, but five minutes or so more would have settled the question. Then there was the occasion when a Mr Lyndon had pursued them up the stairs and insisted that it was his dance. Mrs Davenant had given in too easily to the intruder, but she explain ed afterwards that the young man was a dear friend of her brother’s, and so she felt obliged to allow him the dance as it was really his, though she did not care to dance with boys as a rule. Sir Athelstane privately thought that Mr Lyndon could scarcely be regared as a “boy,” though doubtless considerably junior to Mrs Devenant, but still he Was pleased to find that that was Mr Lyn don’s exact position in her opinion. Sir Athelstane had a liking for pre cipitating a crisis. He wrote to Mrs Davenant, requesting an interview in order that he might communicate some thing of the highest importance. In re ply she named a time. Punctually to the moment Sir Athel stane arrived. He brought in his pocket a leather case containing a most magni ficent diamond necklace. In his hands he carried a handsome box of bonbons. The latter was to be an offering in ad vance. The former was to be clasped round her neck when she had pronounc ed her consent. Mrs Devenant would be down in a few minutes, the smart servant told him, as she ushered him into the tiny but alto gether dainty drawingroom, where,sub dued lights shed a discreet glimmer and the scent of flowers filled the air. Sir Athelstane was accustomed to receiving this intelligence, and also to finding that the few minutes sometimes extended themselves to half an hour. He did give one impatient thought to the re flection that as Louise—that is, airs Da venant—was aware that he was to be expected at that' moment, in fact, had fixed the time herself, she might have begun her toilette, or whatever it was that detained her, a little earlier. He had hardly settled himself down to wait with the dogged determination which was characeristic of the man, when a little figure in a little frock coat came towai'ds him out of the gloom of the back drawingroom. This was Lulu, Mrs Davenant’s little girl, a lovely child, who had inherited her mother’s .delicate features, fine eyes and chest nut hair, and promised to be even more beautiful at some remote period. A tender-hearted person might have con ceived a hope that the child’s counten ance might never acquire the somewhat hard look which the perpetual difficulty of making two ends meet had impressed on the mother’s handsome face and de fied all her efforts to banish it. “Howdodoo, Sir Atttleton?” said Lu lu, with much childish dignity, and an exact imitation of her mother’s manner and intonation that would have been perfectly delightful to anyone not quite so preoccupied with his own affairs. “Is oo waiting to see mamma ? Have oo brought her any weets?” And when the visitor had replied — “I like oo,” continued Lulu, putting up her face to be kissed, “because oo bring mamma such nice sweets.” Hitherto Sir Athelstane had not con versed much with Lulu. He was al ways studiously kind to Mrs Davenant’s little girl, just as he was gracious to Mrs Davenant’s pug, and he was quite prepared to accept both as appendages of his bride elect. At the same time he privately opined that Lulu would soon go to school, and the pug could not be expected to last much longer. Now, I however, something impelled him to talk to Lulu. It seemed as if even her childish prattle, which at other times !he would have despised, would have been preferable to sitting there in si lence waiting, -waiting. "And does mamma like sweets, too? he inquired. Lulu nodded her head violentL • "And does she like me.” Again Lulu nodded, hut ^lth ^ ^er‘ tain hesitation which suggested that o this point she was not quite so assured as the last. “Why do you think she doesn t. continued Sir Athelstane, whose inter est was suddenly aroused. “Well. X think she must, or else she wouldn’t he going to mawwy oo. re plied Lulu, hut still with obvious doubt. There was a brief silence. Lulu eyed the box of hon lions with much concern knowing well and regretting much the fact that there was no cbancc of its being opened until her mother appear ed. Sir Athelstane was altogether am azed at the child’s last words He v as also piqued at the doubt which Lulu was evidently disposed to cast on tir reality of her mamma’s affection for him. As he mused over it, he became anxious to ascertain the true meaning of this combination. He was remote y aware, of course, that in encouraging the child to repeat what she had heard from her mother without full compre hension of the meaning, he was playing a rather dishonorable part.- Lut . spirit of a counsel for the prosecution seized on him, and he was determined to arrive at the truth. “And how did you find that out, you clever little thing?” said Sir Athelstane ' endeavoring to banish all trace of his real feelings from his voice and expres “Oh, I know,” replied Lulu, tossing her head airily. Then she continued,m. an awestruck whisper with apparent ir relevance, "Did oo ever see mamma sir Athelstane could not remember that he had. One of Mrs Davenant s principal attractions to him was that she was always smiling, bright and ray. ' & ” “I have,” said Lulu, with the expres sion of superior knowledge and m the same mysterious tone. “She cwied last night, cwied hard—just like me, when f am naughty and people are howwid only mamma, of course, cant e naughty, and Mr Lyndon isn’t howwid —cwied just like me when I am bach naughty girl, and sent into the corner.^ “What were they talking about, said Sir Athelstane, as gently as if the scathing stroke which he had just re ceived from those tiny fingers had never been delivered. “I didn’t notice,” replied Lulu. was playing with my doll, and mamma and Mr Lyndon -were playing that game which grown-ups play when they talk about love and pwetend — it’s a non sense srame, mamma says—have oo ever played it? I don’t think I have seen oo. And so I wasn’t attending— until I heard mamma say vewy loud, that it was of no use, and she was a mis’wable wetch, and she was going to mawwy oo—Sir Attleton and then, cwied just as if she were vewy naugh Lulu was so absorbed in her own houghts that she did not observe Sir Lthelstane’s perturbation. She ap iroached nearer to him, and aftei de— -oting much care to smoothing out a :rease in her frock and then plaiting it .gain into its previous disorder, began “jjiu -ovamine the bon bon box. aid Sir Athelstane, at last. " -rr - “Oh! no. Mamma sent me to look for ier tortyshell fan in her bedwoom, and went and hunted it evewywhere, and ouldn’t find it; the nurse said that ■’w’haps a faiwy bad borrowed it and ,-ould bwing it back when she had done tith it. And do oo know,” aded Lulu, .'hose eyes became round with wonder nd awe, “it was on the dwessing table n the morning. Do oo weally think, Sir Attleton, that a faiwy could have done it?” “I am afraid I don’t know much about fairies,” said Sir, Athelstane, with a grimness of manner which would not have been unbecoming to a gnome. He rose as he spoke, with the full in tention of leaving the house at once. Pure chance had saved him from a great error, and it would be as well not to despise the warning. “As your mother seems to be engag ed,” he said, “and I am rather pressed for time, will you tell her that I will write?” It -would be so easy to write some plausible explanation both of his visit and departure, he thought, but it would not he quite so easy to carry out this simple programme by word of mouth under the searching inquiry of her eyes. At that moment there was a frou-frou of draperies on the stairs, and Mrs Davenant entered—radiant with color, exquisitely dressed, more beautiful than he had ever seen her—with a smile on her lips and a welcome in her melodious tones. Could this be the woman whom Lulu had depicted in her childish way, as sobbing her heart out for love of a mere hoy, whose purse was as slender as his pretensions were ridiculous? It seemed impossible. Yet Sir Athelstane knew' perfectly -well that if Lulu had been “pretending,” to use her own.' word, her story would have come out in a different form. Now’ mark how things happen. If Sir Athelstane had decided to go away a minute before, there would have been an end of all things as far as he and Mrs Davenport w'ere concerned. And as young Lyndon’s regiment did not sail for India for another month, and India is a place where men. get double pay, and chances if they work and push, or are pushed by clever and handsome wives, there is no knowing what might have been the result. As it was, Sir Athelstane felt that he could not run away directly. It would, be rude. And she looked so exceedingly, handsome! He stayed, therefore, with' the fixed intention of paying merely an ordinary visit. Perhaps he would pass the matter off by offering her tickets for the theatre. Perhaps he would punish her by leaving her to puzzle over the mystery. But as he stayed, the glamor of hep beauty fell upon him once more, and the desire to make her his wife became more powerful than his cautious policy. Sir Athelstane’s proposal was couch ed in less sentimental terms, perhaps, than it would have been but for that conversation with Lulu, and therefore it was no doubt all the easier for Mrs Davenant to accept. Curiously enough, this union which' had begun with no love on one side and no little pique on the other, proved what is generally known as a great success. There were no illusions to be destroyed by rough shocks of reality. Instead of these, there was on the one side a keen sense of the material im provement in her position, and tha great increase in her ease, luxury and scope of enjoyment which her marriage had brought her; on the other, a sense of triumph in his new acquisition, satis faction in the principal adornment of his house, confidence that their inter ests were the same. And when, after 15 years, Lady, Clarke met her young lover of the days gone by Sir Hugh Lyndon, V.C., K.C.B., could scarcely believe his eyes. “To think that if I had been as welt off then as I am now, I should now be the husband of that stout, elderly, made-up dame instead of-” For it is known that Lady Lyndon is a beauty of the first order, and that the marriage was a desperate love match. —“London World.” An Atlantic telegraph1 cable costs - L700.000. 