VISIT OH TEE BISHOP OS MEL ftO&RNEx; Hi9 Lordship Bishop Goe, who is pacing his annual visitation to the tiendigo archdbiconry, preached yesterday riioroing ftt All Saints' Church, in the presentee of a large congrega tion. in the afternoon his lordship feonducted a confirmation EBrvice at St. Paul's. There was a vcr.y large congrcgatioh, nuhibers being unable to obt∈ scats; Tho corifirmB.'S nutii bored 70. And were liearly alj. young people, the majority being girls. The Ten Archdeacon MacCullagh reacj the lessons. His lordship, in addressing tho young, people, said it was ahv.-iys an important,,thing.to make a good choice* for our after lives ;wfere influenced by the dhoice we made, whether it^Vas good, or wise, or foolish. 1 here were many persons to be found whose future, for good or evil, de pended on whether they were wise or thought ful in miking the-big choice. There were also the little choices of everyday life, cn.i perhaps these had a more important bearing on our lives than the greater ones. With regard to the great choice of that day, he hoped they were not making it then for the first tim", but had made it some time ago when in their confirmation classes, if not long before. They had come to do what their god fathers and god-mothers had done for them at their baptisms—to promise to God oach one for himself and herself. If they acted accord ing to that they would be happy and blessed in this lifs and in the life to come. He was charged to ask them that day to chco3e whom they should serve. In making their promise they sheuld add "by the help of Christ," and not depend upon their own strength, because they needed help from above. The real matter of importance was the reception of the gift of tho holy spirit of God. Iu saying "I do" they were made strong by the gift of the Holy Ghost. His Lordship then administered the rites of confirmation, after which the hymn "Oh Jesus, I have promised" was Jung, and his Lordship further addressed the confirmees, pointing out that there were three great enemies mentioned in the Scriptures which tho soldiers of Christ had to fight, and these were the world, the fie^h and the devil. He spoke of the difficulties of the world, which he described as n dark curtain hanging before the world to come and obscuring it. Everywhere 'one went he found more people fonder of this wicked world than of following >Tesus, and some did not like being in the minority. They wanted courage to fight ogiinstthe world and settle their attention on [ things above. Tho fleBh was our own corrupt nature and impure desires abd imaginings, and we needed purity of heart to withstand the temptations of the lUsh. The devil, the unseen foe, required watchfulness. He counselled them to pray earnestly and read their Bib'es —a few verses every day, and when they did so to lift their hearts to God for help to understand it. In closing, he impressed upon them the great necessity of living as regular communi cants. [Fbom Our Oobbbspondbnt.] Eaglehavk, 9 th AuguBt. There was a large congregation at St. Peter's Church this evening, on the occasion of A Con firmation service conducted by his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Goo. There were five confirmees, and his Lordship delivered an infcsreBting and instructive addrera. The Rev. C. A. Brewor, incumbent of the church, assisted by reading the other portions of the servfcei 