KYABRAM POLICE COURT. Wednesday, May 13. Before Mr Dwyer, P.M. and Mr J. Edis, sen., J.P. Police v. Thos Hansen, neglecting to have his child vaccinated. Sub-inspector Gardiner appeared to prosecute. This case was adjourned from a previous court at the request of defendant to permit of the attendance of Madame Lapierre, an important witness. For the prosecution, Fannie Leader, registrar of births and deaths in Kya eram, gave evidence as to the registra tion of the birth of the child in 1892, and the usual notice re vaccination was afterwards given. Constable Keegan deposed that on speaking to Mrs Hansen on the subject two years ago he was informed by her that the child had been vaccinated by the late Dr Lapierre, but- that she had obtained no certificate owing to the doctor’s death. He informed her that it would be necessary to have the child examined by Dr Wickens who would then be able to certify whether vaccina tion had been successful, also spoke to her husband on the matter. Witness understood that this had afterwards been done, and that the doctor stated that vaccination had not been successful. He had been instructed to prosecute. Dr Wickens gave evidence to the effect that he had examined the child and found that the vaccination had not taken. Ho marks were visible on th arm. For the defence Mrs Frances Higgs deposed that she had her child vaccina ted by Dr Lapierre at the same time as Mrs Hansen’s, but could not swear that it had been done successfully in the case of defendant’s child. Richard Haslem remembered the child’s arm being bad at the time. Mrs Hansen deposed that she took the child to Dr Lapierre’s and it wa3 vaccinated. A week later she again visited the doctor’s and he stated that the vaccination was successful and he would send the certificate to her. She did not receive it, however, as the doctor died shortly afterwards. Recently took the child to Dr Wight, who stated that the vaccination had not been successful. There were the marks on the chili now. The P.M. expressed a desire to see them himself, and the child being present, the marks were pointed out by defendant high up on the child’s shoulder. The P.M. then dismissed the case, stating that he was satisfied that vacci . nation had taken place. Dr Lapierre had stated it was successful and would have given a certificate accordingly had his death not taken place at the time. SCHOOL CASES. i L. J. Keegan v. Jas. Boyd and S. Lancaster, (one case each) neglecting to send their children to school the required , number of days. The former pleaded guilty, but the latter stated that his boy i suffered during the quarter with sore i eyes and face-ache.—Fined Is each. DEBT. Merrigum Butter Factory v. W. H. Parker and S. J. M'Gibbon, trading as : Parker and Co., Tatura, £11 6s Id, 1 goods sold and delivered.—Order for amount with £2 5s costs, in default ' distress. Residents of Coomboona have re cently been troubled with “ghosts,” E according to the “ Yeoman.” Three 1 gentlemen resolve! to try and cap;lire > the “ spirit (probably for stiow pnr \- poses), and having a horse in waiting about the time his ghostship appeared. j they were successful in running him to b eaith. Their capture proved to bo a \- young man resident in the district, and a he received a severe thrashing for his 1 pains, making him regret that he had s not given up the “ ghost ” business sooner. 