CHAPTER IX. CONQUERING LONDON. The next morning Airs Biinay toia Merlin a good deal of her experience, in formed him as to the number of her children and of the state of her liver. In deed, Merlin found before a week was over that the two subjects which Mrs Blindy most delighted in were her prospects in life before “’Aarry wur converted and went a-slummin’ fur the Awmy,” and the condition of her liver, the latter being in reserve when the other was exhausted. Having taken him into her confidence, however, and after telling him that two of her “ gels was engiged to Awmy officers, and that the youngest and best-lookin’ wasn’t a-suited yit, she a-bein’ so per tikler,” she naturally expected that Merlin should return her courtesies, and was not a little disappointed that the young man did not satisfy her curiosity. She com forted herself, however, with the thought that when she had won his confidence “ he’d be glad of a mother,” and so kept her temper. After a breakfast of bread and rancid butter, the young man took a parcel of MSS. under his arm, and went out to inter view publishers and editors. I will not try to detail his experiences. His story has been told time after time. It is true he favourably impressed some of the people whom he went to see, and they looked at him with care. Some of them thought favourably of his writings, too, but none of them saw fit to accept them. Merlin soon found out that every editor of position had a list of able writers on his stall, whose names were a guarantee that their work would be accepted by the public. More over, he discovered that an editor must find very exceptional merit in an unknown man before he would pay for his contribu During the first three months of his stay in London his success was hardly ivorth mentioning. He made the most of the two articles which were accepted, how jver, in his letters to Cornwall, and made his father and mother think he had acted wisely in leaving home. At the end of six months he had scarcely idvaneed a step, while his money had vanished. I think he would have gone home at this time, if he possessed the wherewith to pay his railway fare, but he lid not, and was too proud to write telling lis friends that he had failed, l or this mason, too, he had not told Helen Gran ville that he was destitute; rather he tried ;o impress upon her the fact that he had placed his foot on the ladder of fame, and would, if they were both patient, climb to ;he top. Helen wrote him long, cheerful etters, assuring him that she was con stantly thinking about him, while her mart was filled with a great hope that he would succeed beyond his fondest expecta His money came lo an end in the middle jf July, and there seemed no probability )f his getting more. He scrimped in his iving all he could; he had bread-and outter for breakfast, a fourpenny repast at i cheap vegetarian restaurant for dinner, rnd bread-and-butter for tea. He had, moreover, prevailed on Mrs Blindy to reduce the price of his room to four shill ings. When his last penny was gone he gave up hope. During the weary days of disappointment he had lost much of his glow of spirits, and began to bemoan his fate. He upbraided himself for having such ambitious notions and for seeking the hand of such as Helen, and still he was too proud to let her know of the state of his finances. “ Let’s see,” said Mrs Blindy one morn ing ; “ your rent was due yesterday week, Mr Bosevear. I shall be glad ov it at once, if you please. ’Arry ev gived away his week’s money, whieh is very ’awd for me, who was brought up a lidy, and who ain’t a-got no sympathy with sich things as slummin’. Ov course, ’Arry ain’t like the common Salvation people; but, as I ses, it’s very ’awd on me, who was brought up a lidy.” “ Mrs Blindy,” said Merlin; “ my last penny is gone. I hope to get some ^ more in a day or two: but at present - “ Then, Mr Bosevear, you had bettor go at once. I knows you’ve paid me reg lar, but I ain’t a-goin’ to spend my time a tendin’ you for nothink. I’ve cut down your rent to four shillin’, and Arry -W-VS there’s a young Awmy capting as’ll be glad to ’avo yer room. 1 ain’t a-gom to be ’awd on you, so you ca’ jist go out to-night, and I’ll not chawge for the two days rCWhen Mrs Blindy had gone he sat down in despair. AVhat could lie do ? Litera ture bad failed him. Luring the months he had been in London ho had earned only a few shillings. Once or twice he had tried to obtain money by manual labour, but ho had been unsuccessful. He no longer looked stalwart and strong, as he dkfin the old days. He had a limp, washed-out appearance. His bands were white and thin, his face was haggard and reworn. Had he possessed five shillings, aye, even shilling fie would have invested it in pers, and tried to sell them at a profit. , this time he knew London well. He d penetrated its unknown places, and d ascertained how a vast number of ople existed in the heart of the city. !t hitherto he could not make up Ins md to do as they had done. What a jw it would be to Helen Granville to ow that her lover occupied such a de ad hm position as that of selling penny mders in the streets! That morning, wever, he felt that he would do any ing in order to earn enough to buy bread d pay for his lodgings. He put on His bat and went into the Strand. A naan passed by biin who was burdened with a portmanteau. Perhaps be might bo able to earn sixpence by carry ing it. He opened his mouth to speak, but the words he wanted to utter would not come. He recognised the man as a farmer who lived close' to his old home. This was the first person ho had seen since ho had come to London who hailed from St. Endor. Under other circumstances the sight of a familiar face would have given him joy; now it sent a feeling of pain through his heart, and he hurried as fast as he was able in the opposite direction. Still, the incident had started a plan in his mind. Could ho not go to one of the great stations, and get a few shillings as a porter ? His pride held him back, but a great hunger that was gnawing at the pit of his stomach sent him forward. He walked towards Liverpool-street. Faint and hungry as he was, he hurried as fast as he was able, al though he had scarcely strength to enable him to get out of the way of a passing cab when crossing Ludgate-circus. Presently he came up to the square in front of St. Paul’s Cathedral, and was just turning up the street past the shops, when, seeing the doors of the cathedral open, he entered the building and sat down. A few people knelt by the chairs which were placed close to the altar, others sat and listened to the rich mellow tones of the organ, while many walked up and down the great buildings and examined the monuments. Outside all was rush and roar and confusion, but here was rest. He sat down and listened while the music of the organ filled the great cathedral. In spite of himself he was rested, cheered. He sat about a quarter of an hour, then he remembered that he was close to Paternoster-row, and that a month before he had left an article with the editor of a magazine, whose office was situated in this centre of the publishing world. Not that he expected anything from it. He had left articles in many an editor’s sanctum, with but very little success. He wondered why he had not given up. Surely all the editors could not be mistaken ; it must be that he had over estimated his powers, and he might as well give up all idea of winning the position for which he had so fondly hoped. But that meant so much. That meant giving up Helen Granville ; it meant confessing himself to be a failure ; it meant- He dared not think of all it meant. No, he would struggle on; but oh ! it was terrible to struggle on when starvation stared him in the face, and when that very day he had been ordered to leave the roof that covered What, oh ! what could he do ? He put his hand in his pocket and drew' out Helen’s last letter. It was full of help ful words, full of assurances of her con tinued love. The tears started to his eyes. “ God bless her,” he sobbed. “ f should never have held up at all but for her.” In spite of himself his visit to St. Paul’s had done him good. He did not believe much in religious services, and had at tended no place of worship since he had come to London, but the atmosphere of the historic building had somehow helped him. He determined, too, that he would call on the editor with whom he had left his MS. It would be only a little out of his way in going to Liverpool-street Station. The editor of The Tribune sent word to him that he was too busy to see him, and had not been able to examine his story. Would Mr Kosevear let it stand over a day or two longer, when he v'ould communicate with him at the address written on his MS ? Merlin had difficulty in keeping back his tears as he came down the stairs which led to the editor’s room. He had not ex pected much, and yet every disappoint ment in his present state of mind made life darker. It wras now midday, and he had eaten nothing since the day before. His head ■became dizzy; ho staggered, and would have fallen had not a hand upheld him. “ What’s the matter ?” said a cheery voice, with a Scottish accent. “ Never say die, old chap!” “ I’m not very well,” said Merlin, with an “ You look dickey. Have you come from the editor of The Tribune ?” “ I thought so. I’ve seen you in the Eow with a parcel under your arm lots of times. I’m afraid you’ve had no success.” Merlin looked at the young fellow ques tioningly. “ Oh, I know' all about it,” continued the other, “ and I said to myself time after time as I saw you, “ There’s another poor beggar who wants to live by his pen and cannot.” “ Excuse me, old chap, but are you hard ^Merlin flushed painfully. “ 1 see how it is,” laughed the other; “it isn’t six months ago that I lived for two days on a red herring and a penny loaf. I’m not rich now ; but come into this res taurant and we’ll have some dinner.” “ But—but, you-,” stammered Mer lin. “ Hang it, old man, I’m an embryo au thor, too, and I know your sort. You’d rather starve than tell anybody you were short of the needful. You were brought up in the country, and don’t know how to get on like Londoners.” He w'as a tall, gaunt young fellow, with high cheek-bones, freckled skin, sandy colored hair, and light blue eyes. By no means handsome, but he possessed a good honest face for all that. A few minutes later they sat at a small, round, iron-topped table, with a plate of hot meat and vegetables before each of “ Go in for a jolly good meal,” said the Scotchman, “and when you’ve finished we’ll have a talk, if you don’t mind.” Both of them did justice to their food, after which Merlin’s companion began to talk about himself. He evidently took this course, not because he wanted to be the subject of the conversation, but be cause he w'anted to make Merlin feel at ease. “ I’m a Scotchman,” he said; “ my home is a few miles from Andrassau. My father has a little farm there, a poor stony affair, from which he finds a difficulty to scrape a living. By the way, have you read Car lyle’s career ?” “ Yes,” replied Merlin. “ My case is a sort of small edition of his. My father wanted me to. bo a scholar, if not a minister, and I got an entrance into Glasgow U niversity, and kept there in just the same ivayas scores of other poor Scotch lads. When I’d taken my degree, I got a tutorship, but that I couldn’t stand ; and, having a taste for journalism, I wrote to a chap whom I knew, and who edits a paper in London, and asked him to accept an article of mine. Strange to say, he did, whereon I, elated beyond measure, came up here, determined to get my living as a knin-ht of the pen. I’ve had a terrible pull, and°I’m hardly through the wood, but I begin to see the light.” “ I’m in the wood,” said Merlin, “ and I can’t see my way out.” “And yet you ought, iou seem a clear-headed chap. What have you been Merlin told him. “And you’ve been spending your strength on short things altogether ? “ Have you written a long novel yet ?” “ I’m not sure that isn’t a mistake. 111 tell you why. Publishers are glad to get o-ood stuff from anybody, it matters not who. Editors like to get hold ot big Ssee; but that doesn’t apply to the lo; but nearly all the newspapers whe heir contributors have a regular staff ies, excuse me, but have you had ■ paper training in any way ? ’ io you write shorthand “ No.” “ Havo you practised of meetings ?" condensing report! “ No.” “ Ah ! well, that explains a lot. Well, I must be going now. I’ve an appointment at half-past one. You’ll let me lend you five bob, won’t you ?” “ Eeally,” said Merlin, “ you’ve already paid for my dinner, and-” “ Oh, you’ll pay me back again. The Scotch side of my brain has been summing you up, with the result that I know I’m making a good investment. This is where I hang out,” and he gave Merlin his card. Don’t be afraid to look me up if you have an hour to spare at any time.” Merlin read the card: “ Fergus Mac Farlane, 32, Onley-street, Bloomsbury.” “ Let’s see ; what’s your name, and where are your diggings ?” Merlin told him. “ Very well; if you don’t look me up I shall be on your track. Good-day, and keep your pecker up.” “ Providence,” exclaimed Merlin, when he had left. “If ever a man belied his looks and his nationality it is he.” The dinner and the five shillings made him feel a new man, and, instead of going towards Liverpool-street, he went back to his lodgings. MacFarlane had set him thinking. During the months he had been in London his one idea had been to earn ready money; that had evidently been the wrong course. He would work at the novel he had begun in Cornwall. Perhaps—per haps—— He hurried down Ludgate- hill and along Fleet-street. When lie entered his lodgings he found two letters and a parcel awaiting him. One of the letters was from Helen Gran ville. By the time he had finished it he was crying like a child. Never until now did he realise her love, her sacrifice, her nobility. The letter seemed to come like cool, pure, healing air, helping and strengthening him. “ I am afraid you are not succeeding as you hoped, Merlin [she wrote]. Never mind; the brighter days are surely com ing. Ne-or did my heart toll me as now that you will overcome all your difficulties. The great men of London will soon know that yon are their equal, if not their supe rior, and then they will eagerly seek you and your work. I am always thinking about you, Merlin, always making plans for us both, always praying for you, always loving you. “ Father is as little reconciled to my choice as ever; but I cannot help his anger, llich or poor, famous or obscure, I am yours, Merlin. I believe in you, my “ Yes, I can write now,” he cried. “ I can write that novel. I see—I see ! It’s like light from heaven.” Helen’s letter had inspired him. The drama which he had long wished to place on paper spread out before the eye of his imagination in rich, glowing colours! He read her letter again; he drank in her words of cheer, and then without look ing at his other communications, he sat down and for some minutes wrote rapidly. When he rose from the table he had com pleted a rough outline of a novel. The other letter bore the same postmark, but was in. an unknown hand-writing, although he thought he detected something familiar about it. On breaking the seal, he discovered a postal order for twenty shillings, and a slip of paper on which were written the words, “ As an encouragement to hope on.” “ This must surely be from either father or mother,” he thought, “ and yet it is not like them to send money in this way; besides the parcel is from them.” On opening the parcel he found expres sions of a thoughtful mother’s tender care —two pairs of stockings, a tin of Cornish cream, and a huge pasty. He found a letter, too, containing many motherly in “Are you short of money, Merlin, my dear P (the letter ran). If you are let me know, and I will send you a few shillings. I have not sent you any because I was sure you would let me know if you wanted it. Still, living and lodge is dear in London, and money may be scarce yet. Don’t bo afraid to ask, my dear boy.” “ This money can’t be from home,” mused the young man; “ who can have sent it, then ?” He examined the writing again, and the tears gathered in his eyes. “ It’s from her,” he cried, “ and she has sent it in this way because she was afraid of wounding my pride. God bless my Helen !” A few minutes later he had paid Mrs Blindy for another week’s rent, and that lady expressed the hope that Mr Bosevear “ wouldn’t mind what she said, as it was very ’awd for her, who was brought up a lidy, to be short of ready money, because ’Arry ’ad a-joined the Aw my, and spent his money in slummin’.” Tint night he wrote the introductory chapter of his novel, and felt that at last he had begun to do something that would give him a footing in the world of letters. “ It is Helen who has done it.” he mused; “ her letter has inspired me.” The great question now was to obtain means of livelihood while he finished his novel. He calculated how long ho could live on the money he now possessed, and the chances he bad of receiving more. There were half-a-dozen stories and articles under consideration by the editors of various papers. One or more of these might be accepted and paid for, or perhaps they might all be refused. Still, he calculated he had enough to exist for three weeks after pay ing MacFarlane his loan of five shillings. This was how he reckoned it up :— £, s d Cash in hand, including MacFarlane’s Loan .15 0 . -£ s d To be paid to MacFarlane ... 5 0. Three weeks’rent to MrsBlindy 12 0 Three weeks’ food ... ... 7 0 For washing, paper, ink, &c....; 1 0 15 0 But could he manage to live for three weeks on seven shillings P Anyhow, he could try, and it was possible that some of his work might be accepted, or perhaps something would turn up. Anyhow, he determined to devote the next twenty-one days to writing his novel. At the end of three weeks his money was gone, he had lost several pounds of flesh, he was as pale as a ghost, and had written three hundred odd pages of his novel. Beckoning each page to contain two hundred words, he calculated that he had written over sixty thousand words. How be had managed to exist was a miracle ; but although he was weak and ill bo had so far survived the ordeal. He was alive, he was free from debt, but he was penni less. What to do he did not know. He had received letters from Helen which helped him more than he could say; but no further dens ex machina appeared in the shape of a further postal order. Ho was too proud to ask Mrs Blindy to trust him, too proud to write to Helen for help; indeed he did not possess enough money to buy a postage stamp. He tried to forget his poverty and hunger in work ; but by-and-by he had to give°up. He took his last crust of bread, and washed it down with a cup of water ; then lie walked out into the Strand. The same rushing tide of life swept by. The roar of the great city sounded in his ears—the city ho had come to conquer. So far he had failed ; but. faint and penniless as he was, he determined to be victor even yet. He was sure that the novel lie was writing would be accepted—when finished; but should he be able to finish it ? He turned down Fleet-street, and walked on until he came to a restaurant where he was told literary men congregated. He looked in at the open door; then a great darkness seemed to arise up before him. But in the midst of the darkness was a face, a face that he recognised. Then the darkness passed away, and the objects around him became clear again. He felt some one grasping his hand, anc heard a cheery voice saying, “ Merlir llosevear, can this be you ?” It was Vivian Gregory who spoke to him [To bo Continued.) 