WESLSYAN DISTRICT SYNOD. The financial sessions were continued at'- the Wesleyan Church, Forest street yester day. It was resolred on the motion of the Rer. C. P. Lloyd, “That this sy[?] of mini- iters and laymen, roprtsentfDg;i856jafcloDd?iot«j at public.worship, boliovlng-tho-Sabbath 'day of*- rest lo. be ono of givoubyGod to laboring • the-runping. of exourhio'o br other trains bit that.day os a »iblatlon 'dMW- fe*t and! sanctity ind- 'against the ’ conscientious convictions and/ the boat intaroits of tbo Qombonblty, ” -It was , deoidod to reoommood tbatproperoxproBslon markashonldbe added to the I printed hymns and tunes in order to improve-the singing inivthe/’oh'arohes. ,Tb®. fbllbiHng. motion,, moved* by (the Ref. ft H; .« Crook', and seconded:by-the RoV. J. Adamf,"“ That the dohforopdo bo i'eoomrnended to take lnto eon ■ideration thb whole question pf-iovilatlon of ministers-with a- : vfow- -to abolition of. fesnstd'sfnod ; expressedits-i : df,>Ul8' order': of service 0 suggested: of conference." QrStiflfbitldn w|i#*expre8sed at. -the- formatlotf vbf: ■ the ' Giving Onion oonfsesnae, Sod oalogUtio reference ,wiCa (n»ad«? to' $£•,services Of /the v J. ’. NTrfiblao'n in itsfjpaagara tiao.The’Rev. J;. /$ldboi«on rawd that be . de d - to start'- a-quarterly ;vAafc1?mliao' magazine for circulation'' . '-X, Tbsnaoal v®te» J to-llm-^retoVy, and bis - nesiiUoti,/ J^e?5frleod8#bo . bra? extended • -tb^X^^eg^pf^tfft', Herbert WillSamsj : ' V'oandrdate fop thb ; ministry,was examined; in .Methodist theology, and reports -were’'given as to bis oral and written sermons. His’was-recommended to the conference subject, to':bis passing the: further examioationiof the central committee. - The Rev. J. ft Warren, a • probationer, was ox- j amined and-advanced a year. Bis trial sermon wasreferredtoio very complimentary terms. The session; then closed. Tbe- official sermon was preached in the evening by the Rev. J. Nicholson. There was a fair congregation,, and Mr. Nicholson ’ took as bls toxb-Aots, 1st chapter, 8th Verse— “Ye shoU reebive powor, (or the-Holy Ghost has eome-upon yon.”- Men, said the speaker, wore' natural worshippers of power.' The world7s idba of power bad,however, undergone a marked end blefsod change.- In. the early and barbaric ago physical' power received - venera tion. Then the power of noble birth end-blood' Were vo»etated,ana lastly the power of wealth." The world, was growing wiser os tho ’ages * passed; and intellectual power was now more royal than any other.- Better still,' however,' than the tree of ’ knowledge is the tree of life whose leaves are for the healing of tbe- nfttioiis. ' The man who wielded moral J tower ranked Highest of all. Power was ' the oner cause that produced tho--effect, and, therefore;' tho" moral character or power could only by.discerned .by its effects. Tho speaker concluded by.fcorsely describing the fulfilment of the .prodtiso of Ponticost, and showed Sts effects to bo, firstly, convincing power, converting power, and lastly sancti fying power. ;Tbe sacrament was partaken of at the close. 