The Position of the Chnneir^' of Engiaud in Australia, i Daring the recent sitting of the; General Synod in Sydney an appeal/; signed by about' 190 clergymen,'-Whs' presen ted to the Primate and tbeBishops' of Australia and Tasmania earnestly' asking them to pot forth some definite! statement concerning the position and: claims of the Church of England in Australia as a true branch of the: Catholic Church of Christ. The appeal set forth that, " in view of the attitude of the Church of Borne on the one hand,i and of the various Protestant bodies on: the other, it is becoming increasingly [ difficult for uninstructed Church people, to recognise the necesstty of consistent and unflinching loyalty to their'.Spir-i itual Mother, their duty and privilege) to avail themselves of her ministra-; tionfi, and their obligation, toi support her various institutions and agencies.: This is the case in the towns andmore: populous centres, but the difficulty IB increased to a still greater degree in the' country districts." The Primate andi the 11 assembled bishops, in the coarse! of their reply to the appeal said" The; difficulty of this position exists more' or less at home also, but it is accentu-' ated in the colonies by the fact that the Church of England here is neither es tablished nor endowed. This, however, is but an accident of her position. She. brings with her to Australia the same apostolic orders, the same holy sacra ments, the same venerable and Scrip tural formularies as those which her people in England love and honor. In particular, her Catholicity is evidenced by her recital, in public worship of tli'e Apostles' Creed and the Nicene Creed which she declares 'ought thoroughly to be received and believed, for thpy may be proved by most certain warrants of Holy Scripture.' That her ministry: is apostolic iB distinctly asserted in the preface to Ordinal: 'It is evident unto all men diligently reading-the Holy Scriptures "and ancient authors that from the apostles' time there have been three orders of ministers in Christ's Church—bishops priests, and deaconB.' This threefold ministry she cannot surrender, affirming as she does that special gifts of the Holy Ghost in the laying on of hands accompany it. Her teaching on the sacraments ordained by Christ in the Gospel, that is to say, ' Baptism and the supper of the Lord ;' that they are' generally necessary to salvation;' and that 'they be sure witnesses and effectual signs of grace and God's goodwill towards us, by -which He doth work invisibly in as, and doth uot only quicken, but also strengthen and confirm our faith in him.1 The second part of the Catechism gives our clergy ample opportunities of instrnctr ing the young, both in the Sunday school and in the confirmation class, touching her doctrine on this subject. The attitude of the Church of England towards that of B.ome is clearly indi cated in the articles of Religion, as well as in various parts of the book of Com mon Prayer. It oiaysufficeto remind yo'o of the declaration that, the Church of Rome hath erred, not only in her living and manner of ceremonies, but also, in (natters of faith.'" 