OUR STORY. THE! HAUNTED HOUSE OF BAYOU SALE. . (From the Catholic World .) SAYE an occasional incredulous laugh, he listened without any inter ruption to my relation of M. de Cimar's experience and that of others, in the reputedly haunted house. Surely, Rutherford, he exclaimed, when my narration cornea to an end, you are not a oeiiever m tuis luuhsii- ness. You have heard my story, I replied. Are we to believe that an intelligent man as M. de Cimar assuredly is, to say nothing of the number of others, white and black, who say they have seen and heard these things, have allowed their senses to delude them to such an exteot that, if true, would be more marvellous than any of the pre ternatural visitations I have related to you. Look here, Rutherford, Avallon pro tested, what is the sense of your trying to bolster up an absurdity ? You know you no more believe in it than I do myself. Then how do you account for it ? I persisted. As you have been on the ground for some time, and have listened to the narrative of an eye-witness, how do yon account for it ? he retorted. Instead of giving him a direct answer, I asked : Will you go out to the house with me to-morrow night, and we can see what is to be seen 1 Lucia is going to the bayou to morrow. Of course I'll go with you, he began, and stopped abruptly. Itutherlord, he deliberated slowly, his eyes fixed on mine — Rutlierfoid, do you mean to say Lucia is the ghost ? I smiled an assent, but objected rapidly : I ut what is her motive for scaring people— M. de Oimar in par ticular ? I could understand a giddy girl acting so, but Lucia ! — and, my friend, she'd give her life for any one of them all. That is my weak point in my theory, I responded. I cannot account for M. de Cimar's fright otherwise than by believing that hearing these stories repeated over and over, they have worked on his brain. For I questioned Mile. Marie as to Lucia's whereabouts on the night ln r father was attacked with lumbago, and she remembers distinctly Lucia's bcim: in the house with her making over some old clothes. Of course ray questions were put in a way so as not to arouse her suspicions. But what is her motive? iterated Avallon. And you are to be a lawyer ? I exclaimed. Lucia is but taking a coarse way, the only way she knows, of effecting what we have been working for this p'St mouth or so. She no more wishes strangers to hold the property of M. de Cimar than we do. Bete that I am not to have guessed it ! ejaculated Avallon. Remember, Avallon, I cautioned, when we parted for the night, M. de Cimar is violent'y opposed to my visiting the plantation house. Iso doubt <or the preposterous res sons, but we must appear to agree with them. The next morning Aval'on, at my dictation, wrote to my father an account of the seizure of the Ba\ou Sale plantation and my determination to throw the case into the coirt. That he would approve of. ray action I was confident. Later on wo saw Lucia start on an ostensible visit to her fister. I quite agreed w th Aval- Ion's suggestion that the bundle she carried under her arm was the ghost's wardrobe. The day for me was long, the evening interminably so ; though I beli ve Marie and Claude were per- fectly happy in one another's company, as they sat and listened reverently to the stories told by the old father. At last M. de Camir. assisted by Yestre, went to his bedroom, Marie bade us good- night, and we were at liberty to pursue the plan we had formed for laying the ghost; which was simply, as I put it, to catch Lucia at her tricks. It was a perfectly clear night, with a strong wind blowing from the gulf, when we turned into the cypress avenue that led up to the plantation house. The wind made pleasant soughing through the forest, from the short marshes afar off came the cry of the heron, and the night air was heavy with the pungent odours of the dense undergrowth of tropical ferns. We talked but little on our way, for the blight that was on the place oppressed us ; the blight that, though not visible at night, made itself felt by the weeds our feet crushed as we walked the once well-kept drive. We were in sight of the mansion, its Grecian columns white and stately in the throbbing starlight, when Aval lon broke off the air he had begun to whistle to grasp me by the arm, and say, pointing to the house, Look 1 look ! I see nothing, I began, and stopped short as a light flitted by an open window, leaving it in deeper darkness than it was before. I was about to remark that we were in time to catch Lucia at her pranks, when a wild cry, a desperately human cry, came from one of the upper rooms of the house, followed by other cries fainter and feebler. She was in trouble ! I exclaimed, and it was who should be to her resoue first. Breathless, we had almost reached the house when a woman passed out a side door, and came towards us staggering. Her head was down, a hand shielded her eyes as if to shut out a dreaded sight, and she uttered ejaculations of fear. She evidently did not p rceive us, and, as we kept up our running, we were by her side in a moment. Avallcn had no need to put down her hand with gentle force for me to recognise Lucia. She was gaunt, I have said, and now her face was drawn with fright that her cheek- bones seemed about to pierce their covering. She stared wi dly at us and fell on her knees, clutching at my arm and crying in French : Master, I did not bring her here ! I did not ! I did not ! My God, my God 1 He was angry with me that I feign the voudou, and he sent her to torment me. All our threats and appeals were of no avail to make her explain her words. Slra would but repeat them, and utter incoherent cries of mercy, and peniten tial ejaculations for her wickedness in having tampered with voudou. We placed her on tbe trunk of a fallen tre>j, where she sat moaning while we discu-sed what had best be done. Yon wait he»e for me while I take her home, said Avallon, and we'll explore the house wheu -I return. I agreed to this, and spoke p ently to the frightened woman, saying : Come, come, Lucia, rouse yourself ; M. Avallon will see you home. The poor dazed creature staggered to her feet, and, sup; orted on his arm, I watched the pair till the heavy shadows of the cypress treed hid them from my sight. I waited impatiently for a while, and then curiosity got the better of me. I had a candle in my pocket, and I had better be in the house out of the chilled dew, I thought. It was with difficulty that I made my way to .the side door through which we had seen Lucia come out, for it bad grown very dark, masses of clouds hurrying from the southern horizon obscuring the stars. Once past the door I closed it after me to exclude the wind while I lit my candle. To be Continued. 