CHAPTER XXL Loni Alccstoii is Tuzzlcfl. There was a short silence among the little group. The stranger alone was looking more thoughtful than impressed. "The light has been seen often since then?" he asked, after a few minutes'meditation. "Ay, moast noighis." "And are you sure that there is no other . entrance into .the room save by the door of which you saw the key?" "Noa; there hean't no other way in." "Mrs.-what did you say her name was the housekeeper? She couldn't have any thing to do with it, or her brother?" . "We a' seen it when both on nm a' been doon 'ere wi' us." "It's a strange thing," the young man re marked thoughtfully. "I wonder whether it's alight now?" He moved towards the door, and they all trooped after him. Jim Doore, stepping in front pf his guest, lifted the rude wooden, latch,' and a gust of wind came howling in, extinguishing the lamp which he carried in his band, and causing the few prints and texts which jbung about to rattle against the wall. Bill Foulds, followed by most of the party, turned back to the fireside with a mut tered anathema against the folly of exposing their comfortably warmed selves to the fury of -such a tempest until their time came to go; but Tint Doore and his guest stepped, outside, closing the door after them, and stood for a moment with the rain beating in their faces, and the gale shrieking about their ears, gaz . lng at the huge black outline of the ruined castle, high up above them. There was no mistake about the lights. One, faint and glimmering, low down on the inland side, Jim pointed out as coming from "Martha's" room; the other, high up in the tower, right on the verge of the cliff, was burning with a steady, brilliant light, and was even casting a long, livid reflection on the bleak, angry sea below. '1 They looked at them steadily l'or a minute. Then Jim Doore, who was holding the door frist in bis band, pushed it a little way open, nnd, followed by bis companion, re-entered the cottage. They moved their chairs and made room for the stranger by the fire, and he stood there warming himself after the brief expo sure to the storm, with the dancing firelight lighting up his. thoughtful countenance. They looked at him curiously, wondering what he would say now about their mysterious light, and wondering, too, as .they had boen all along, who ho was and why h« had come to this out-of-the-way corner of the world. And there was one among their number, a woman, who sat where she had been sitting all the evening, unnoticed and almost unseen, whose dark eyes never once left his face, and from whose cheeks every vestige of color had fled at his coming. She, too, was wondering aud dreading. "'As ta seen f loight, Jim?" Foulds in quired, removing flus pipe from his month out of deference to the stranger, for it was not his custom when speaking. ; » ^ The young man started' somewhat, as though the question had broken in upon some train of thought. "Yes, it's there, right enough," he answered. "If it wasn't such a Avild night I should"feel tempted to go straight away into that room and solve the mystery. But since it has puz zled you all so long it may as Avell do so for one day longer.. To-morrow night I Avili see into it." There Avas a stir among the little group. "Dost a' think that Mrs. Smirh'll let a' go into the room?" Jim Doore asked doubtfully. "There's never no stranger passes inside o' them'-walls.-;. God A'mighty!" he exclaimed suddenly, springing to his feet and standing with- his eyes fastened upon the stranger's. "Look at 'ce!" \ , "What's the matter, Jim?" cried his part ner, also, rising to his; feet, and following Jim's shaking finger,--'.-which was pointed straight at the tall young man, Avho stood calmly before the fire. "Look at 'ee, I tell a'," repeated Jim. "'Tis t' earl's OAvn face!" Every eye was fixed upon the stranger, and; suddenly every one became conscious of the resemblance-every one, that is to say, except Mrs. Doore, who had possibly known all about it before, for she never moved a muscle of her face. "As I don't want you to think me a ghost," the young man said,', smiling slightly, "per haps I had better tell you that I am Lord Alceston-Earl of HaroAvdean now, I am sor ry to say." ' "T' earl's son!" gasped Jim Doore. "Exactly." There was an awestruck silence, which Lord Giana von broke. "I can assure you you've no need to look so frightened," he said pleasantly. "You've all been very kind to me, and I'm sure I'm very much obliged to you all." This speech had the effect of setting them all a little more at their ease, but the impos sibility of sitting dOAvn in the same room with an earl was manifest to all of them. With every description of clumsy but respect ful obeisance they dAvindled aAvay one by one, while Jim Doore stood by looking helplessly from his wife to bis distinguished guest. "Come, come, Doore; there's no tiling to be frightened about," Lord Alceston said, smil ing, when the last of thom had departed. "I'm sure you've all been very kind to me. I might haAre been up oil the cliff now if it hadn't been for you. Look at your Avife, now; she's a sensible woman. She doesn't look a bit disturbed. Well, if you won't sit doAvn again"-for Jim had rigorously declined the chair which his lordship had kicked to Avard him-"shoAv me Avhero I'm to shake down for the nigbt, and I'll go to bed." . Mrs. Doore silently took up a candle, and opened the inner door, revealing another apartment beyond. "This Way, my lord," she said, quietly. "I've done my best to make things comfort able, but I'm afraid you'll find it rather rough." Lord Alceston followed her into the tiny apartment, Avhich, small though it was, was spotlessly clean and neat. "Nothing could be nicer," he declared. "Good night Mrs. Doore. 'Pon my word," he added to himself, looking round approving ly, "that's a very superior Avoman." 