An Ocean Detective. Tho most formidable things thoocoan pilots havo to deal with in April and May aro tho icebergs doming do wn from Greenland and tho polar regions.'' The approach of a sailing vosboI is 1 horaldod by, the tooting of tho fog horns, tho . stoamor by \ tho blowing of :hor' whistles. -But tho iooborg oomos with ?'.*?'' 'n '' * !'. ' ' V'»'']l ' ' ' ???'? *1*J * ' *1 ' 1 _ t _ Jli out jognorn or wniscio. j,c is suonii ub uoitwi and as coloui'loBS as tho -dtmosphoro. And theso oloar, oolourloss, silent borgs nro tho torror of sailors and tlio nightmaro of tho cap tain of tho vobboI. rijo guard against them all oooan steamships now go with a search light in thoir bows. This light is au olootrio 0110 and is kopt dirootod ahoad for almost ovory hour of tho voyago. At night it is Hhining brilliantly and is manned by tlio sharpest look out of tho orow ; and in foggy dnyn it iB just as carefully attondod. It is only in tho vory oloarost hours of noon-day, whon tho day is warmost, that tho searchlight is put out for a fow hours. Tho approach of a borg is waid to to bo unhoralded. But to thoso who know tho oooan thoro is a premonition of it — tho iooburg oanta its chill buforo. If tho air be comes nipping, and tho thorinoinotor falls phenomenally low, than all kdow that it is vory 'cIoho, nnd watch for it. Tho Hoiiroh light goto in its Quo work now. With mon carofully Hoarohing its rays it illuminoa tho ocoim somotimos Cor niilos ahead, and alwftyn far onongh in tho distanco to permit tho ship to turn and avoid a coming borg. Thoro is not ono passenger in a_ thousand oroBsing tho ocean who known thoro in a aoaroh liglifc in thu bow always alort for tho inoving / ghoiitH. The gleam is for Bhips, they think, but tlioy littlo think that it ih for tho falal crow wan whoa tho firHt auarohlight wao put in anhip and found to bo worthy of tho boiwj uho. '.I'lioso droadod oooan ghosts aro now being caught by a dotuotivo whono walou ? for thorn in an slcoplosB au tho sky above MA1TLANI) 1 Prinir-d nnd pnbllnliod by Thomab . WtM.UM 'I'noKisn, Johm TnoMrsoN, nna OiiiiiHToi'UMi Mirrnre nit tho Mtitltmd Jffliwtf dmcrnl Prlntinp; Offloo, oornor o£ HIrIi ftUa (/ Ifuntxir ntrootu. 