WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MEERIE ENGLAND. Br MISS BRADDON, Author of 'Ishmael,' 'Dead- Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyllard's Wierd,' 'Phaatom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &c;, &c.;' [Published by special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved. Ottapthii X.— The Peiest's Hole. Denzil dined at the Abbey, where he was always made welcome. Lady Fareham had been warmly insistent upon' liis presence at their Christmas gaieties. ' We want to show you a Cavalier's Christ mas.' she told him at dinner, he seated at her side in the place of honor, while Angela sat at the other end of the table between Fare bam and De Malfort. 'For ourselves we care little for such simple sports, but for the poor folk and the children Yule should be a, season to be remembered for good cheer and merriment through all their alow dull year. Poor wretches ! 1 think of their hard life sometimes and wonder they don't either drown themselves or massacre us.' 'They are like tbe beasts of the field, Lady JTareham. They have learnt patience from the habit of suffering. They are horn poor and they die poor. It is happy for us that they are not learned enough to consider the inequalities of fortune or we should have the rising of want against abundance, a bitterer .strife perhaps than the strife of adverse creeds which made Ireland a bloody spectacle for the world's wonder thirty years ago.' ' Well, we shall make them all happy this afternoon, and there will be a supper in the great stone barn which will acquaint them with abundance for this one evening at least,' answered Hyacinth gaily. *' We are going to play games after dinner ! cried Henriette from her place at her father's elbow-. His lordship was the only person who ever reproved her seriously, yet she loved him best of all her kindred or friends. 'Aunt Angy is going to play hide-and-seek with us. Will you play, Sir Denzil? *'I shall think myself privileged if I may join in your amusements.' 'What a courteous speech. You will be cutting off your pretty curly hair and putting on a French, perruque, like his,' pointing to Be Malfort. ' Please 'don't. You would he like everybody elso in London— and now you are only like yourself, and vastly handsome.' 'Hush, Henrietta! You are much too pert,' remonstrated Fareham. 'But it's the very truth, father. All the vromen who visit mother paint their faces, so tbat they are all alike ; and all the men talk alike, so tbat I don't know one from t'other, except Lord Rochester, who is impudenter and j younger than the others, and who gives me more sujjar-pluins than anybody else. 'Hold your tongue, mistress. A dinner table is no place for pert children. Thy brother there lias better manners,' said her father, pointing to the cherubic eon. and heir, whose ideas were concentrated upon a loaded plate of red-deer pastry. ' You mean that he is greedii'r than T,' re torted Papillon. 'He will cat till he won't be able to run about with us after dinner and then he will sprawl upon mother's satin train by the fire, with Ganymede and Phosphor, and she will cell everybody how good and gentle he is and how much better bred than his sister. And now if people are ever goin? to leave off eating we may as well beg-in our games before it is quite dark. Perhap3 you are ready, auntie, if nobody else is.' Dinner may have ended a little quicker for this speech, although Papilion was sternly suppressed and bade to keep silence or leave the table. She obeyed so far as to make no further remarks, but expressed her contempt for the gluttony of her elders by several loud yawns and bounced up out of her seat like a ball from a racket directly tho little gentle man in black sitting near his lordship had jnurmured a discreet thanksgiving. This grentteman was the Roman Catholic priest from Oxford who had said mass early that morning in the muniment-room and who had been invited to his lordship's table in honor of the festival. Papillon led all the games and ordered everybody about. Mrs. Dorothy Lettsome, the young lady who was sorry she had not had the honor to be born in France, was of the party, ivith her brother, honest Dan Lettsome, an Oxfordshire squire, who had only been in London once ia his life, to see the coronation, and who had nearly lost his life as well as his purse and jewellery in a tavern after that august ceremonial. This bitter experience had given him a distaste for the pleasures of the town which his poor sister deplored exceed ingly, since she was dependent upon his coffers and subject to his authority, and had no hope leaving Oxfordshire unless she were fortunate enough to find a town-bred husband. Tlieise two joined in the Bports with ardor. Squire Dan glad to bo moving about rather than to sit still and listen to music, which lie bated, or to conversation to which he could contribute neither wit nor sense unless the kennel or the gun- room were the topic under discussion. The talk of a lady and gentleman who had graduated iu the salons of the Hotel tie RaiubouiJlet was a foreign language to him, and he told his eiBter that it was all one to him whether Lady Fareham and the mouii' Beer talked French or English siuce it was quite as hard to understand 'em in ono language as in t'other, Papillon this rustic youth adored. He know no greater pleasure than to break and train a pony for her, to teach her the true Icnack of clearing a hedge, to explain the habits and nature of those vermin in whoso lawless lives she was deeply interested— rate, weasels, badgers, and euch like— to attend her ivhen eho hunted oy flew her jwregrino, -(If you will »)&vry; me, sweetheart, when you are of fcho marrying &Ee; * would rather wait half a dozen yarns far you than Jiavo tho best woman in Oxfordeliiro that I know ol at iUtfllJresGut,' ♦? Uwty yml' cried I*or4 FareUawi'a daughter, 'Why, I eliaH marry no one Wader »» ear), mm I hope it will he ft duke or marauis, Marchioness js fl preU)' titjwj it wmncfc better than tfunhoBs, bepiwfl it is in three- syllables— tmr'Ohion-eim,' with an »Seom drawl, 'J »in e»inj? to be very Beautiful, Ui% Huhtmok eays eo &u-l; woftw'e own woman, and j: heard tlwt painted eld wretob, Urn hvwin, tplj moth&t; so. 'Eh, gud your la'ship, the young miss -will be almost as great a beauty as your la'ship's self !' Mrs. Lewin always -begins her speeches with ' Eb, gud !' or ' What devil !' But I hopB I Bhall be handsomer than mother,' concluded Papillon in a tone which implied a poor opinion of the maternal charms. And now on this Christmas evening in the thickening twilight of the rambling old house through long galleries, crooked passages, queer little turns at right angles, rooms opening out of rooms, half a dozen in succession. Squire Dan led the games, ordered about all the time by Papillon, whom he talked of admiringly as a fine-mettled filly, declaring that she had more tricka than the running horse he was training for Abingdon races. De Malfort, after assisting in their Bports for a quarter of an hour with considerable spirit, had deserted them and sneaked off to the great salon, where he sat on the Turkey carpet at Lady Pareham's feet, singing madrigals to his guitar, while George and the spaniels sprawled beside him, the whole group making a picture af indolent enjoyment, fitfully lighted by the blaze of a Yule log that filled the width of the chimney. Farebatn and the priest were play ing chess at the other end of the long low room by the light of a single candle. Papillon ran in at the door and ejaculated tier disgust at De Slalfort's desertion. 'Was there ever such laziness? It's bad enough in G«orgie to be so idle ; but, then, he has overeaten himself.' 14 And how do you know that I haven't overeaten myself, mistress?' asked De Mal fort. 'You never do that; but you often drink too much — much, much, much too much.' ' That'B a slanderous thing to say of your mother's most devoted servant,' laughed De Malfort. 'And pray how does a baby girl like you know when a gentleman has been more thirsty than discreet ?' 'By the way you talk -always French. Jamie ch'dame, n'savons, p'sse n'belle s'ree — n'fam-partie d'ombre. Moi j'ai p'du n'belle f tune, p'rol'd'nneur ! You clip your words to nothing. Aren't you coming- to play hideand seek f' 'Not I, fair slanderer. lama salamander and love the fire.' 'Is that a kind of Turk? Good- bye. I'm going to hide.' 'Beware of the chests in the. gallery, sweetheart,' said her father, who heard only this last sentence as his daughter ran past him towards the door. 'When I was in Italy I was told of a bride who hid hereelf in an old dower chest on her wedding day — and the 3id clapped to with a spring and kept her prisoner.' 'There's no spring that ever locksmith wrought, tbat will keep down Papillon,' cried De Malfort, sounding a light accompaniment to bis words with delicatest touch like fairy' music 'I know of better hiding-places,' answered the chilli and vanished, banging the great door behind her. She found her aunt with Dorothy Lettsome and her brother and Denzil in tbe gallery above stairs, walking up and down and listen ing with every indication of weariness to the squire's discourse about his hunters and running horses. ' Now we are going to have real good sport,' she said. ' Aunt Angy and I are to hide and you three are to look for us. You must stop here for ten minutes by tho French clock yonder with the door shut. You must give us ten minutes' law, Mr. Lettsome, as you did the hare the other day when. I was out with vow, and then you may begin to look for us. Promise.' 'Stay, little miss, you will be outside the houtie belike, roaming lord knows where — in the shrubberies, or the barns, or half-way to Oxford — while we are. made fools of here.' ' No, no. We' will be inside the house.' 'Do you promise that, pretty lady ?' 'Yes, I promise.' Mrs. Dorothy suggested tbat there had been enough of childish play and that it would be pleasanter to sit in the salon with her lady ship and hear Monsieur de Malfort sing. ' I'll wager he was singing when you saw him just now.' 'Yes, lw is always singing foolish French songs— and I'm sure you can't understand 'em.' ' I've learnt the French ever since I was as old as you, Mistress Henriette.' 'Ah, that was too late to begin. People who loam French cut of books know what it looks like, hut not what it sounds like.' 'I should be very sorry it I could uot under- stand a French ballad, little miss.' 'Would you— would you, really?' cried Papillion, her face alight with impish mirth. ' Then, of course, you understand this— ' Oh, la d'moisflle, commc cllo cst sot-te, Eh. jo me moque de sa Bot-ti-st ! Eh, la d'moisellc, comuic die eet b8-le, Kh, je id' oni'is de sa bC'-li-se !' She sang this impromptu nonsense prestis simo as she danced out of the room, leaving the accomplished Dorothy vexed and perplexed at not having understood a single word. It was nearly an hour later when Denzil entered the ealoou hurriedly, pale and per turbed of asjsect, with Dorothy and t.er brother following him, ' We havo been hunting all over the house for Mrs. Angela and Henrictte,' Dentil said, and Faruhaiu started up from the chess table soared at the young man's ag/tatod tone and pallid countenance, ' We have looked in every room ? ' ' In every closet,' interrupted Dorothy, ' In erBry corner of the staircases and pass ages,' said Squire Dan. 'Can your lordship help us? There may be plaoos you know of which we do not know V said Dfiizil, his voice trembling a little. ' It is Alarming that they should bo so lunpr in con cealment, We hava called to tliera in every part of the house,' Fareli&m; hurried to the door, taking instant alarm— auvioua, psAo, alert, 'Oojno !' ho sui4 to tho others, 'The oak pliBBts in the musio-room— the great FJnron tiiis coffer in the gallery ? Have you looked in those t' '? Yes, wo have opened every chest,' 'Faith, to »oo Sir Deiy/,il turning over piles of tapeetnes, you would liavo tJioiwht ho was looking for » fwy that could hidu in tiie folds of a mu;t»in i W-J JvpMwjuip. 'ft ie no theme for* j^iug. I hftto IVeo trioUa of biding in arrange poruers,' uajd Fftroliam, '}iQwt nhow ma where t\iey Jyft you.' ' in tl)D long gaJlory,' ' They Unvo pone up to thu roof, noilmps,' ' Wo wave boon j» Hm roof, ' /snjd Jpeiwih ' J Unvo poAi'oo repovwp/} my mm* after (ho flVftukod eki'll I got fimn one of your tie beams/1 Added JMtgumej fiud Fwelmm saw that both men' had their doublets coated with dust and cobwebs, in a manner which indi cated a remorseless searching of places un visited by housemaids and brooma. Mrs. Dorothy, with a due regard for her dainty lace kerchief and ruffles and her cherry silk petticoat, had avoided these loathy places, the abode of darkness, haunted by the fear of rats. . -..-.. Fareham tramped the house from cellar to garret, Bonzil alone acompanyin? him. 'We want no posse comitatus,' he had said somewhat discourteously. 'You, squire, had best go and mend your cracked head in the eating-parlor with a brimmer or two of clary wine, and you, Mrs. Dorothy, can go and keep her ladyship company. But not a word of our fright. Swoons and screaming would only hinder us.' He took Mrs. Lettsome's arm and led her to the staircase, pushing the squire after her, and then turned his anxious countenance to Denzii. ' If they are not to be found in the hou3e they must be found outside the house. Oh, the folly, the madness of it ! A December night — snow on the ground, a rising wind, another fall of snow perhaps — and those two afoot and alone !' 'I do not believe they are out of doors,' Denzil answered; 'your daughter promised that they would not leave the house.' ''My daughter tells the truth. It is her chief virtue.' 'And yet we have hunted in every hole and corner,' said Denzil dejectedly. 'Hole !' cried Fareham, almost in a shout. ' Thou hast hit it, man ! That one word is a flash of lightning. The Priest's Hole ! Come this way. Bring your candle !' snatching up that wliich he had hirusulf set down on the table when he stood still to deliberate. 'The Priest's Hole ? The child knew the secret of it — fool that I was ever to show her. God ! what a place to hide in on a dark winter night.' He was half-way up the staircase to the second storey before he had uttered the last of these exclamations, Denzil following him. Suddenly, through the stillness of the house, there sounded a faint, far-off cry, the shrill thin sound of a child's voice. Fareham and Warner would hardly have heard it had they not been sijortsmen, with ears trained to listen for distant sounds. No view-hallo sounding across miles of wood and valley was ever fainter or more ethereal. 'You hear them?' cried Fareham. 'Quick, quick !' Ha led the way along a narrow gallery, about 8 ft. high, where people had danced in Elizabeth's tinje, when the house was newly converted to secular uses; and then into a room in which taere were several iron chests, the muniment-room, where a sliding panel, of which the master of the house knew the trick, revealed an opening in tho wall. Fareham squeezed himself through the gap, still carry ing the tall iron candlestick, with flaring candle, and vanished.' Denzil followed and found himself descending a narrow stone stair case, very steep, built into an angle of the great chimney-stack, while as if from the bowels of the earth there came, louder at every step, that shill cry of distress, iu a voice ho could not doubt was Uonriette's. 'The ot'aer is mute,' groaned Fareham; 'scared to death, perhaps, like a frightened bird.' And then he called, 'I am coming. You are safe, love ; safe, safe !' And then he groaned aloud, 'Oh, the madness, the follv of it !' He and Denzil were on a narrow stone land ing at the bottom of the house, and t'ne child's wail of anguish changed to a joyous shriek. 'Father, father !' close in their cars. Fare ham set his shoulder against the heavy oak door and it burst inwards. There had been no quHStiou of secret spring or complicated machinery, but the great clumsy door dragged upon its rusty hinges and the united strength of the two girls had not served to pull it open, though Papillon in her eagerness for conceal ment iu the first fever of hiding had been strong enough to push the door tiil she had jammed it and made alL after efforts vain. ' Father !' slw cried, leaping into his arms as he come into the room larp-e enough to hold six men standing upright, but a hideous den in which to perish alone in the dark. 'Oh, father ! 1 thought no one would over find us. I was afraid we should have died like the Italian lady— and people would have found our skeletons and wondered about us. I never was afraid before. Not when the grey reared as higli as a house and lier ladyship screamed. I only laughed then — but to-night I have been afraid.' Fareham put her aside without looking at her. 'Angela! Great God ! She is dr-ad !' No, she tyas not dead— only in a half swoon, leaning against the angle of the wall, ghastly white in the flare of the candles. She wns not quite unconscious. She knew whose strong arms were holding her, whose lips were so near her own, whose head bent suddenly upon her breast, leaning against the lace kerchief, to liston for the beating of hci1 heart. She made a great effort to relieve his fear, understanding dimly that he thought her dead ; bu1; could only murmur faint bro5;«n syllables, till he carried her up threu or four tstaivs cud through a door that opened into the garden, Tdera in tho wintry air, uuder the Bteelly light of winter stars, her sensea came back to her. She opened her eyes and looked at him. 'I am sorry I have not Papillon's courage,' ehe said, 'In in 'as donm'* une affrtfuso pcur, jo to croyiws morte,' muttered Foruliain, letting his wins drop h'ku leati as she releasud IwseJf (vom th^ir support, JXiiizi) and Henrietta wore close to them, They bad come to tlio open door for fresh air, eft-;-r the chamiil-Jilcu obi)! and closeni'ss of tliu email underground chamber. 'Father js angry wuli nu?, eaui tlio girl; ' lie won't Bjieak to me.' 'Angry ! »o. »« i' -w4 He Iwnt to kiss her, 'JJijtoh, uhila, tlio folly uf it! fth« might havo Aiiii— you too— found just an hour* two Jato.' ' It would havo taken a long time to kill mo,' Bftirl Papiilou imrdly ; 'h»tl was vwy t-QWftud n\y teutli iwru ohatU'rin-r, wxi 1 should booh have Ueau huiwy, l|uvt- you hud ''Nobody hpswei) tljoiigh of siiMmr,' flJ am glad of fchut. A?»4 ( may havo puppur *vi(li jou, nmyu't J, mid cut what 1 lilfu. bomusu it's (JjirMmag, in id (mo-iiim.. 1 nugltt Jiavo hrnm atavvvd £-- doiith in tl«- ih »«H's JioK Hut it was a garni liiiiiiig-plapn, tout to WW», WUo g«i«6wl at liifit V' i('i.'l-0 only pj-sou wlio Iwowof lliuplnco, o)ri\A, And w-w, rmnmhw, tim nmvi is to ki) kept. Your ri'iugiioii MU4 sou)' -Uy nwa an houtwt man £ li/w, . Vtw umt lull uoljufiy wUewyuu wweliid.' ' But what shall I say when they ask me ? I must not tell them a story.' 'Say you were hidden in the great chimney —which is truth'; for the Priest's Hole is but a recess at the back of the chimney. And you, Warner,' turning to Denzil, who had not spoken since the opening of the dooi', ' I know you'll keep the secret.' 'Yes, I will keep your secret,' Denzil answered, cold as ice ; and said no word more. They walked slowly round the house by the terrace, where the clipped yews stood out like obelisks against the bleak fright sky. Papil lon ran and skipped at her father's side? cling ing to him, expatiating upon her sufferings in the dust and darkness. Denzil followed with Angela in dead silence. Chapter XL— Lighter than Vanity. ' I think father must be a witch,' Henriette said at dinner next day, ' or why did he tell me of the Italian lady who was shut in the dower-chest just before Angela and I were lost in' — she checked herself at a look from his lordship — 'in the chimney ?' 'It wants no witch to tell that little girls are foolish, and mischievous,' answered Fareham. ' You ladies must have been vastly black when you came out of your hiding-place,' said De Malfort. ' I should have been sorry to see so much beauty disguised in soot. Per haps Mrs. Kirkland means to appear in the character of a chimney at onr next court masquerade. She would cause as great a stir as Lady Muskerry in all her liabylonian splendor, but for other reasons. Nothing could mitigate the Muskerry's ugliness, and no disguise could hide Mrs. Angela's beauty.' 'What would the costume be?' asked Papillon. 'Oh, something simple. A long black satin gown and abrick-dust velvet hat, tall and curiously twisted like your Tudor chimney pot V' ' M. le Cornte makes a joke of everything. But what would father have said if we had never been found ?', 'I should have said that they are right who swear there is a curse upon all property taken from the Church, and that the ban fell black upon Chilton Abbey,' answered his lordship's grave docp voice from tbo end of the table, where he sat somewhat apart from the rest, gloomy and silent, save when directly ad dressed. Her ladyship and the count had always plenty to talk about. They had the past as well as the present for their discourse, and were always sighing for the vanished glories of their youth— in Paris, at Fontainebjeau, in Saint Germain. Nor were they restricted to the realities of the present and the memories of the past ; they had that wider world of unreality in which to circulate _: they had the Scuciery language at tho tips of their tongues, the fantastic sentimentalise of that marvellous old maid who invented tha seventeenth-century hero and heroine, or who crystallised the vanishing figures of that brilliant age and made them immortal. All that little language of toyshop poltonics had become a natural , form of speech with theso two, brad and I educated in the Mnrais, wliile it was still the select and aristocratic quarter of Paris. To-day Hyacinth and her old playfellow had been chattering like children or birds in a j volary, and with litt.'e more sense in their conversation ; but at this talk of the Church's ban Hyacinth stopped in her prattle and was almost serious. 'I sometimes think we shall have had hick in tliis house,' she said, ' or that wo shall sea ' the ghosts of the wicked monks w iio were ; ?turned out to make room for F;irehani'a gnat- j grandfather.' _ _ j ' They ivcre very wicked, I believe, for it J was one. of those quiet little monasteries where : the monks could f!o (ill manner of evil things, j and raise the devil, if they liked, without, any- 1 body knowing. And when Henry the Eighth I sent his commissioners they were taken l.y ! surprise, and the altar at which they wor- j shipped Beelzebub was found in a side chapel j and a wax figure of the king stuck with arrows, like Saint Sebastian. The abbot pretended it was Saint Sebastian, but nobody believed him.' 'Nobody wanted to believe him,' said Fareham. 'The king mn.de an example of j Chilton Abbey and gave it to my worthy ] ancestor, who was a fourth cousin of Janoi Seymour's and had turned Protestant to' please his royal master. He went back to the ! Church of itomo on his deathbed, and we Revels have been Papists ever since. I wish tlio Cliurcli joy of us.' The Church h.is neither profit nor honor) from you.' said his wife, (shaking her fan at I him. 'You seldom go to mass ; yon never go I to confession.' j ?' 1 would rather keep my sins to myself ;md atone for thorn by the pangs of a woumk'd eon- ! science. That is too easy a religion which shifts the burden of guilt on to the shoulders of a stipendiary priest aisd walks aw;iy f torn j the confessional absolved by tlio ^'.yinuiit of a' fusv oxtva prayers.' j 'I believe you ave either an infidel or a Puritan.' 'A cross between the two, perhaps — a mongrel in religion, as I am a mongrel in politics.' Angela looked up at him with s;id eyes, re Jironohful, yut full of pity. Bho iom«mbeK)-l lie \yild talk, btiiai-dolirinus some of it, nil feverish and excited, during his ill»!:*s, iin-l ( how .''lie. Jia'l listened with uehiiifr h'-art to tho ravings of onu bo near death and so unfit to. die. And now lli:it tlw i-'.4i)ei)a! had passed ) him by, now that lie was a fclroijif man ngmji ? ivit-jilialf a iif»!tinj« lhloivhim Im-hfiMt wnsKtiU I heavy for him. Whu who «at ut tha |j(;iv of, lifo as a spectator had discovered that Inn1 : sistur's lniKim-nd was not liappy. TliHtjiH™ that delisfhtiid Hyacinth Mi P.m-jinni un-1 ai))ii!-(jd and diisi-'oiiti'iiii.'d, uw\ his w!tr- i.imU' ' not that theio wjis anything wani-iug Id his1 felicity, Sho noiiUl go uu j inttliiig liku ;n.lii!il, | uouM bo iu a fever ubuut a fau of a bunch of \ iil)bu)is, coiilii (alU for u» lmui1 of a uevv p'.ay i or -hotii»ili'iitsu|' tlm J'lvwtlj g.uitUt*, v.liilo Uu! sat gloomy i-ini »p.irt. I T'i' Ki'iiip-Uhy, tiin i!'iiniiu)iniit-l)i|) I'ifit ! tilnilllll hu i)l lll:ilTi,l^U lii-lv H'jiltLi|l|r in In. | Aii:.vla hum iMi'l il'|ili')'''-i iiiisilisi-.ii!.'.-, n-.u'i'i-: (1iU'i:u- tu tuiiij'i B' ili-lit-'ti' ii tlu'iin-, f-iirfnl ! K-hi- Ay\ tliu yiiviu^i-i', stmuM --?'- ?' t'it-.i:iuu)iii-v: Mm t'ii'l')' j fturf Ji'( sin' fit;il-i u-i| U- sitt-Mi ftif nvi(r wlrilo dufy uw\ v-Ugiou ui^.-tj |i--i-ti» upi'aiv, At Oliillon AIjIikj1 ilm bi,--iis IV. lit tiiMy UJrjj|«. VuOllhlU *-«:?- llbWtof ll)tiil) i With (jn /II, ll|((J IK' ^lul/nrt tsilfllsT IUiH'-3 i-{ lli-i ji|V ill HI U)»il»nou HJWH fjiufy i''«ivlmui llwii ut (Jjifni'j, iyli^lt) 111* Wtia WUHMh-i^ t'J hit ii-tilktt, 6}Vb, }-Uku»)u (iji'l I'1)' \\-)i-\hi-y uvi'm fvtmwHl g«l«(b, Hill) (:0lH')'l-Jp4§ Uf Hill' \it»t})\n I'AllXl dvpi' Uvm ilis o'iiii wliicwt evws Huy, iwUmi it wm only l%f!wiu'» QlwMM'-auntow tut Clarendon's or Southampton's — which kept the finest of all company at a distance. Lady Castlemaine had called at Chilton in her coach and four early in July, and her visit bad nob been returned — a slight which the proud beauty bitterly resented ; and from that time she had lost no opportunity of depreciating Lady Fareham. Happily her jests, not over refined in quality, had not been repeated to Hyacinth's husband. One January afternoon the longed-for opportunity came. Tho sisters were sitting alone in front of the vast mediaeval chimney, where the abbots of old had burnt their sur plus timber. Angela, busy with her em broidery frame, working a satin coverlet for her niece's bed ; Hyacinth yawning over a volume of Cyrus, in whose stately pages she loved to recognise the portraits of her dearest friends and for which she was a living key. Angela was now familiar with the famous romance, which she had read with deepest in terest enlightened by her sister. As an Eastern story — a record of battles and sieges evolved from a cluver spinster's brain, an account of men and women who had never lived— tha book might have seemed passing dull ; but the story of actual lives of living breathing beauty and vaior that still burnt in warrior breasts, the keen and clever analysis of men and women who were making history, could not fail to interest an intelligent girl to whom all things in life were new. Angela read of the siege of Dunkirk, where FareJiam had fought; of the tempestuous weather, the camp in the midst of salt marshes and quicksands, and all the sufferings and perils of life iu the trenches. He had been in more than one of those battles which mademoi selle's consuiciitious pen depicted with such graphic power, the Gazette at her eltow as she wrote. The- names of battles, sieges, generals had been on his lips in his delirious ravings. He had talked of the taking of Charenton, the key to Paris, a stronghold dominating Seine and Marnc ; of Claiikn, the brave defender of the fortress ; Chfitillon, who lfid the charge — both killed there— CbMillon, the friend of Conde, who wept bitterest tears for a loss that poisoned victory. Read by these lights, the ' Grand Cyrus1' was a book to be pored over, a book to droad over in the grey winter dusk, rending by the bioad blaze of the logs that named and crackled on wrought-iron standards surmounted with an abbot's mitre. Just as merrily the blaze had spread its ruddy light over the room when it was a monkish refectory .iml when the droning of a youthful brother 'railing a'or.d to the fraternity as they ate. t!wu- supju/r was the only sound, except the cluttering of knivts and grinding of jaws. Now the room was her ladyship's drawing room, bright with Gobelin tapestry, dazzling with Ven?fiaij minors, gaudy with gold and ooior, the lAit-k oak floor enlivened by rnany hued carpets from our now colony of Tangiers, Faivham told his wife that her Moorish cai-petB had cost the country fifty time the price she had paid for them and were asso ciated with an irrevocable evil in the existence of a childless quoen ; but that piece of malice, Hyacinth told him, had no foundation but bis hatred of the duke, who had always been per fectly civil to him. '0£ two profligate brothers, I prefer the bolder sinner,' s,v.d Fareham. 'Bigotry and debauchery avp in the mixture.' *' I doubt if his majesty frets for the want of an heir,' rs.infi.rked De Malfort. ' He is not a family nisi;.' 'He i? not a one family man, couafc,' answered Fareham. F:\reh iii ii and De Malfort wore both away on this .Tawary vvi'ving. Papillon was taking a danciiig- Jw-oh fj-i ,m a wizened o'd Frenchman, who brought himself and his ii«.l-31e from Oxford twice a. week for the damsel's instruction. Mrs. Pri.-cill:i, nurse and gouvwnante at tended these lessons, at which the Honorable Henrietta Mari-i Revel gave hi'rself prodigious airs and was indeed fo rude to the poor old professor that her aunt had declined to assist at any more performances. l;Has lils loruship gone to Oxford?' Angela ahkeii, after a silence broken only by her sislor's yaiviife. ' I doubt lie is anywhere rather than in such good company,' llyiiciivth answered carelessly. 'Hi? hnti's thi' lying nnd wouH like to preach at him, iis.lolm Kjiox did nt hits greatgrand mother, V.irt-hain is riding or roving with Ilia iloip, I linn'suy. He hau ft gloomy twitO fur soli! wli\' 'llysiinii'li, da you oo( boh that In' is nil happy'?'1 Ai!;.'!iiubkn(lMul-(euly, aiiJ tlw pain in |n!r ynitJt.' fctartlfd her finUM1 from tltoooii ti'inplation uf tln- sublimi* Mundane, 'Unhappy child y What reason Ims he to ho unii'ippy '!' 'Al-, li-irr-t, it is I hut I would havo you disi'ovt'r, ;'J'i - a wid'a business to know what grieves lici1 liualiaii'l,' ' 1'hU*s it Ui Mrs, !-win'd lull -who in an jni'Xbmhlf harpy---! know of uu aot of luiiiQ tiia- mm ;--itk-l liiiii,' '? ] iiid noi mi-. ii| tltiit liiii ^loom wab (.in)i(4 by any m.-t uf ymirs, akuivi J only u»'gu you to lljiL'iit'rl' why he i:- nit sllfl.' lV';»l? Kuikn, you iiionu. li'ts liai* U fino ^Kiii'1'iiti.i ii.a.uv, I am mhv ii i& nut Owiu'* uhiirfi^ v'm1. M'luililtj Ijit,), Jiwt lin hull ;.Uv«y» || Kllili'H tolllpi'l' -l-y fit* ttll'l tet-'Hh.' ' Mm hi liiiM do li.is ))i»u- «Uv»)-i tjlt-nt miff (jlu.rny.' 'Huw Hi'1 i.'hlW w.iU-ld-f him! M« in'* l:|U»V, (ll.lt fcllenOL' j» Ililllll'lll. TJ.'I.' (irelilJt t *Vi» tltUl'r'* 1'Vi-i'liiHH tovut. * lit ? ljr.-.l, v.nr { (lid ?il-WUIHl, (*}»»-l, )) I|U flHIC'l ''.. ( inl'llilHK » \\-n\» iiu jn-. .- tn )-n Uiilu;i{ » f'ts, 'i'liit fii'ii. h'iAs Win .if urn's -mir Jiiinlii. ;w-\ trnioii', 'iir li«(l-i«(iili-*i f tiUy»nn-i «|.-'M-v» ?ii-#'ul'Ji-»l-.i». Vow nmy &v; Jiun iiD inui'iu m -in;aj.i imtui 4t«'i'».' „ . , ?'Punt1 IJyuruuli, fni'iiH' me, Aiij-'i'I* J*i^»» fnlit'i-iiiiily, li'iivinif h-v »'ii»»iHilJ«iy fritim* n»-i timviiirf »«♦ lilt* «ltini side -« llio \mnU, tvlii-)i- hj/u iir*'p])t-il i») li»»' liiicf - !-y ttor im)-i=iii|i'» oUlc umJ ivtu nlinuit »wft)luwwl up , 3b the ample folds of her brocade train. ' Is jit not possible that Lord Fareham is pained ; to see you bo much gayer and mora familiar with Monsieur de Malf orfc than you erer are with him ?' ? ' Gayer ! more familiar !' cried HyacintI). ?' ?' Can yon conceive any creature gay and familiar with Fareham ? One could as soon be 1 pay with Don Quixote ; indeed, there is much in common between the knight of the ruefu countenance and my husband. Gay an- familiar 1 And pray, mistress, why should I not take life pleasantly with a man who under stands me, and in whose friendship I have grown up almost as if we were brother and sister. Do you forget that I have known Henri ever since I was 10 years old— that we played battledore and shuttlecock together in our dear garden in. the Rue de Touraine. next the bowling-green, when he ?was afe school with the Jesuit Fathers and used to spend all his holiday afternoons with the marquise ? I think I only learnt to tao-w the saints' days because they brought me my play fellow. And when I was old enough to attend the court— and, indeed, I was but a child when I first appeared there-it was Henri who sang my praises and brought a crowd of admirers about me. Ah, what a life it was ! Love in the city and war at the gates ; plots, battles, barricades ! How happy we all were ! except when there came the news of some great man killed, and walls were hung with black where there had been a thousand wax candles and a crowd of dancers, Chatillon, Chabot, Laval— belias, these were sad losses !' ' Dearsister, I can understand your affection for an old friend, but I would not have you place him above your husband ; least of all I would have his lordship suspect that you pre ferred the friend to the husband ? ' 'Suspect! Fareham! Are you afraid I shall make Fareham jealous because I sing duets and cudgel these poor brains to make bouts rimes with De Malfort? Ah, child, how little those watchful eyes of yours have discovered the man's character! Fareham jealous! Why, at St. Germain he has seen we surrounded by adorers— the subject of more madrigals than would fill a big book. At the Louvre he has seen me the— what is that Mr. What's-his-name, your friends old school master, the republican poet, calls it — 'the cynosure of neighboring eyes.' Don't think lie vain, ma mie. I am an old woman now, and I hate my looking-glass ever since it has shown me my first wrinkle ; but in those days I had almost as many admirers as Madame Henrietta, or the Princess Palatine, or the fair- haired duchess. I was called la belle Anglaise.' It was difficult to sound a warning note in ears so obstinately deaf to all serious things. Papillon came bounding in after her dancing lesson— exuberant, loquacious. ' The little beast has taueht me a now step in the caranto. See, mother,' and the slim small Sprue was drawn up to its fullest, and the thin little lithe arms were curved with a studied grace, as Papillon slid and tripped across the room, her dainty little features illumined by a smirk of ineffable conceit. ' Henrietta, you are an ill-bred child to cal your master so rude a name,''' remonstrated her mother languidly. ''Tia the name you called him last week when his dirty shoes left marks on the stairs. He changes his shoeB in my presence,' added Papillon disgustedly. ' I saw a hole in his stocking. Monsieur de Malf ort calls him Cut caper.' (T« be eorUinued.) 