CHAPTER XXII. A Tii^lit Journey. . Mrs. Doorc doubtless was a very superior wom.au, for it was quite evident that she had learned one hard lesson for the uneducated to acquire-to conceal lier feelings. Directly' the latch was securely drawn, the distin guished visitor safe in his room, a remark able change took place in her appearance. The unnatural calm was gone. She sank in to a low chair opposite her husband, her rigid features working with emotion, and ber trem bling hands stretched wildly out. "Oh. Jim, Jim,, what shall I do?" . He looked at her a little astonished. As ? far as he was concerned he was beginning to feel very much more at ease-in factv'his mo mentary alarm was fast diminishing, and was being succeeded by a sort of ' vague elation. After all, the affair was 'iuore likely to turn out to his advantage, than the reverse. The events of the evening passed slowly before him while he had been waiting for his wife's re-appearance, and on. the whole tho result was satisfactory. He had neither done nor . said anything that would be likely to give offence to the young earl, although a cold shiver passed through hts frame when he re flected how many dangers he had unwitting ly avoided. They had rescued the young lord from what was undoubtedly a most dan gerous situation, and they had treated him all the time with the sturdy North Country hos piality which was one of their chief charac teristics. When his wife had joined him he had been quite prepared for some mutual con granulations; now she had come out white as a ghost and trembling in every limb. Jim scratched his head in wonderment. "What be amiss, lass?" he inquired. She leaned forward and stared at him wild- . ly, as though she had not heard his words. Jim began to feel thoroughly uncomfortable. . "There bean't nothing wrong, lass, surely?" he said. '.???>?????? "Let me be a few minutes,' Jim," she moan ed. "Oh, what shall I do? What shall I do?" He lit a pipe as the only possible consola tion which lay in his power. It Avas the best thing he could have done. Presently .she rose, and Avalked softly up and down the room, her husband folloAving her movements with his eyes, but maintaining an unbroken silence. "Jim," she said, suddenly stopping in front . of him, "I've been a good Avife to you." He looked up at lier and Ava.s startled at the change in her face. Usually a healthy-look ing woman, the ruddy bro AV n Avith which sea air and sun had tanned her cheeks had lied, altogether, leaving them ghastly pale, and her dark eyes Avere literally blazing with some ex citement. He nodded sloAvly. "A' hast, lass! I've nowt to say agen that." "Then ask me no questions to-night. Re ward me by trusting me UOAV. I must go out-and alone!" \ "Go oot-alorfn!" "Yes, Jim; up to the castle." . He held up his fingers. "Listen t'. the wind," be said; "the storm has. nae blown it self out yet." ' "Storm or no storm, I must go," she cried passiona tely. "I must see mother." The thing suddenly became clear to him. His wifo evidently feared that in some way . her mother had disobeyed or Avas disobeying orders up at the castle, and Avishod to Avarn her of her master's forthcoming visit. "Had it anything to do with the mysterious light in the south to Aver?" he Avondered. "Let Oi take a message," he said. "It's no noight for a' to go." "Ï must be my OAA'II messenger," she cried. "Oh, Jim, for God's sake let me go! let me go!" She had sunk on her knees before him, and was clasping his knees. Jim thought no more of exercising his marital authority. "A' shall go, lass! A' shall go!" he cried. "Dry thy een! A' shall go! Coom, and a'll get 'ee the lantern." . She rose to her feet with a sigh of relief, and fetched her hat and cloak. Her husband opened the door and handed her the lantern. He did not feel quite at his ease about this midnight expedition. "Let a' coom wi' ye, lass, to t' gate. A'll coom no fearther. I doan't like thee going aloan." "Not a step, Jim!" she cried.1 "I'll not be long." She vanished into the darkness, and Jim, after keeping the door open for a minute or tAvo, and gazing after her undecidedly, step ped back into the room, shaking his head. "I doan't like it," he muttered, taking down his pipe, "but she mun ha'e her Avay. She be a woman, and she mun ha'e her Avay." Which sboAA'cd that Jim, rustic though he was, had some claims toward being consider ed a village philosopher. 