SHREDS AND PATCHES. [By Tatterdemalion-.J Bicycling has taken the fancy of ’ Lizar, and she plumps for the wheels. That road race decided her, aud now in the early morning I trundle her along some quiet track, where the gymnastic vagaries of the wheel and the learning ' artist won't shock the susceptible and timorous sisterhood. She’s talking of joining the club, but is afraid of get ting “ black-balled.” What can possess those good folks who on each and every occasion “ haste to the wedding'1—that is. flock to church to witness a marriage ceremony. Not only the young go thither—perhaps to get familiar and rehearse, for their own. benedictino day—but those of mature : years who have neither been passed over by Cupid or withstood his darts, also go. as well as many of those who long, long ago passed through the mill themselves.-: Who shall say but that the latter go to look on and recall tender memories of' the past! And yet a percentage may, -i go, as it were, to gloat over seeing others enter the toils. Then, as regards the matured ' bachelor- or maid who cither /' cau't or won't be harnessed, they must ( look on with mixed feelings y -but giyy they mnst whenever occasion offers. v: Take that actor’s wedding in Sydney, for instance. This is the second time a Sydney church has been wrecked be- • cause of an insane rnsh to behold a mar riage eereirony. They do these things better in the “Army” (S.A.). “General" Booth is familiar with the petty weak- •, nesses of the race, so he charges at per head, and profits; thereby. Some people, by reason of “spirits" can see ghosts. Others, again, conjure up ghosts from every bush or object des cried on a lonely road on a dark night, making themselves and others miserable through their utter silliness. • Lizar Jane, for example, vouched one night that'she beneld Lucifer—hoofs, horns and ail—but. as it afterwards turned out, a stray goat bayed at her over a fence. So she mistook the lugubrious countenance, with full goatee and slanting horns, to be the arch-enemy himself. Now. that Ballarat “ cabby ” • who mis took the reflected light from a recently polished tombstone for a ghost at largo made as “ grave ” a mistake as the; vonth who declared that he met the de’il, when he got tossed over a fence by li white bull. 1 He.stood not on ceremony that W.A, station master When he sent to Gehenn: Governor Smith, who wished to usnrj the duties of s.m. in the disposal of i derailed carriage. The aide-de-ccimi who eatne afterwords 4to renew ihi vendetta, got an equally warm, recfpt tion, leaving the s.m. master of the situation. This Napoleon of the raj- /• way? of the “ Golden West,’" will. T fear, get his conge from the free and iridepea dent senators of the-Swan-r-asttlgmeu.t^^■ “Throw physic to the dogs" shouted Professor Gibson the other night when re-echoing Shakespeare’s sally on ' the leeches of his day, assuming tha^all drugs are mineral in these’-times. ■ And, to listen to the professor, one would think that the physicians of the .present day prescribed naught else than mineral poisons. Because the professor is abie to quote a few of the craft who differ in some?; points from tlio majority of the school (does that justify calling the profession “a nest of quackery ?” asks Lizar with some indignation. Much as she differs from the protected monopoly of the medical profession, and the swelling importance of the guild, she still believes in the gullible being safeguarded against pesti ferous quacks as much so as the saving of the green horu from the wiles of the - '‘confidence man.” A Presbyterian cleric from Nev South Wales used'the clerical lash or the members of Lis'order^at the anno., church conference last week."'He.railed in alliterative periods over their ad.vnc and larghetto style of music, their pre judice to holding to wbat smacks ,of the heather, the bogs of old Ireland, nncLthe moss-crags of bleak Scotland. Doe3 fife belong to the A.N.A. ? 