LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. SERMON BY DR. JEFFERIS. A sermon in connection with the centenary of the London Missionary Society was preached by the Rev. Dr. Jefferis on Thursday evening in the Stow Memorial Church. There was a moderate attendance?, and the Rev. p. W. Cox and Dr. Cecil Davenport were on Uie platform. Dr. Jeffeeis preached from the test. Acts, xiii., 2—"As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, separate rce Barnabas and Saul for the work whcre-jnlo 1 i have culled them." lie pointed out that ui> to ? the time referred to there had been no real, attempt to preach the gospel of Christ to the Gentiles. The first to preach theCiospel in this way were the five preachers in Antioch, of whom liarna'uas and Saul were two. An-! tioeh was at the time a place of inconceivable ] moral putrefaction, a city of luxury and dc-! bauchery. la this hotbed of vice these five: preached, and protested, and finally deter mined to send forth some of their numbers to foreign lauds. This work did not come forth from any apostolic college, but from one of the free and indeirendent churches. Tiie real weakness of the Christian comnionweaitu came with its apparent strength, ween the proud hierarchy of Koine had been formed in the third century. It was not a chcer insr task to pore over a map of the World and to note those lands that liaH joined the Christain faith. After nearly 2,000 years of Christianity there were still immense tracts given up to barbarism and irreligion. The I'rotettant missions did not Iwgin till the close of List century, for the I Society for the Propagation of thf. Gospei, j founded in 1700, was not for work among the! heathen tut for men of the British race living! in foreign lands. Up to the third eeuturv the Church was strongly missionary, but when the ecclesiastics becaa to pay court to Casar seal and fervor declined into case and enjoyment. In the fifth century, however, the Germans accepted the Gospel, and in the sixth century openly professed the truth. In the seventh I cunhtrr England, Ireland, and Scotland sent J out missions among the heathen of JVorthern Europe. I^ater on the remainder of Knrop& save in its adhesion to the Christian faith, ana by the. end of the fourteenth century heathenism had ceascii to be national anywhere. Ko doubt most of this was conversion by the swoid, but there vere earnest and devoted teachers. In the sixteenth century such missionaries as Ignatius Ijoycla. and Kra&cis; Xavier went: forth to ttach the word only to the Roman! Ccurch, and later on tiio great collide Jji4 Frojiagatuia Fide was formed at Rome. The Moravians, a small and persevered sect of Gejman Christians, were conspicuous fnr&iis; sionary effort. They' were now celebrating the centenary of the treat society which bears the name of the metropolis of the world. For a hundred years it had persistently carried on its work, and it had been granted wonderful success. It was founded by devout icon who I believed more in their common Christianity j than in their separate creeds. The century had proved the possibility of an unEectariaa union of Christians in relisio'JS work. Ko society bad surpassed it in the earnestness ai-.d greatness of its work. It had carried its activity into the furthest cads of the earth. Noblo men end women had pone forth to de clare the work of God. looking at the outcome of IS centuries we might feel disappointment at the extent of the work, but if we regarded \ what had been accomplished in the last 10l> years there was room for congratulation. J n India, China. Africa, the Pacific—yes, even in Labrador and l'atagonia—salvation by Christ was being increasingly preached. Assuredly the nest century weald witness a great cliajuru in the religious aspect of our world. Chris tianity *.ras far ahead of all otiier rtiEpious. >Jew forms of spiritual error might come into being, but we could take courage from many a field of battle in which Christianity had been j victorious. It was the bounden duty of every Chrirtiaii to tafcc a definite part in Christ's work in tie world. From end to end of the world the TneSEage of the Gospel was taken. Tbu New Testament had been translated into almost every language under iac sun. It was 1 the iairy wuich had organised and gathered I funds and lalnred in tins great work. The; spiritual rtrc-ngth of Kncrland and America, | like the Church of Antkx:h, was undertaking! the {Treat task of Cliristisuisation. Tiipre was' jjlonty of money for the work, and the diffi culties of climate and race could all be over come by earnest young Christians. lie charged the younger members of the church to make this second wnlury a still noMcr one in I the service of God and of the Church. I 