THE MERCURY HOBABT : WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 1896. EPITOME Of NEWS. Notice ia given of vacancy io Austin's Ferry Road Trust. Tasmania Lodge, M.M. Masons, meets 7 p.m. to-day at the ivlasonic-hall. An entertainment in connection with Trinity Sunday-school takes place this even- ing. Dr. Druitt notifies by advertisement that ho has no intention of relinquishing practice in Swansea. Tasmanian Union Boyal Arch Chapter Masons meet at Masonic-hall 7.45 p.m. to- day. Urchardtsts not paying rates due to New Norfolk Road Board by 9th inst. will be charged one-fourth additional. Sir Philip Fysh admits that it is in- opportune to proceed with metropolitan drainage at present. The Admiral of the Squadron has denied to Sir Philip Fysh that he had said he would cot come to Hobart next season. Tho Central Board of Health has resolved to apply (or a mandamtu against the City Council.. Drapers and Grocers Assistants' Early Closing Association .notify that Mr. A. J. Nettlefold, ef 60, Liverpool-street, will cluse on Wednesday afternoons. Tenders close at noon to-day for the supply of uniforms for guards and porters ou the Government Railways; and at 10 a.m. for road woiks in the Campania and Swansea district. The Board of Management of Hobart Hospital yesterday received and accepted resignation of Dr. Maxwell, the house-sur- geon, and resolved to offor the vacancy to Dr. Sprott, the City Health Orhcor. The Golden Giant played to a big hou-e at tho Theatre Royal last night. A Mother's Pledge and His Last Legs to-night, the last night of the season. Full Court has decided to strike Richa d Denis Meagheroff the roll of solicitéis. Roman Catholic Bishops opposing progress of Irish Education Bill. Mr. Barney Barnato pays fines for released Johannesbarg Reformers. Moscow death-roll now stated at 3,(300 with 1,300 wounded, most of them fatally. Mr. Cecil Rhodes has brought his military (ore* from Gwelo to Buluvayo. Scarlot fever and typhoid fever rases over- taxing hospital accommodation in Melbourne, Schooner Condong and. barquentine Karoola breaking up at Wilson's Bay, on the New South Wales coast. Judgo Docker at Sydney yesterday sen fenced an umbmling accountant to bve years' penal servi n e. Pani Kruger denies statements made by Mr. Soymour Fort, late Private Secreta y to Sir Henry Loch. Colonel Liobert, with 20 drill instructors from Berlin, wi'l essay the task of reorgan- ising the Chinese army. Cholera rid! in Cairo. Moslem studonts defying the boalth authorities and si ouiug the Governor. Rev. Thomas Horton, who was the oldest clergyman In the Sydnoy Diocese, has lied, aged 88. Efforts to recovar gold from sunken steamer Catterthun will be resumel imme- diately weathei permits Eighty vessels of large tonnago now lying idlo in Newcastle harbour. Six have recently lett in ballast Oxford University scored S37 runs against the Australians on Monday. Tho latter lost two wickets for 21. Shipowners and agonts convene a mootiug in Sydney to place b.iforo the public the injury done to the shipping trade at New- castle by the coal miners' strike. A deputation of women, wives of the un- employed, waited on the New South Wales' Premier yesterday, pleading for means to obtain food. Sir Charles Tupper, Canadian Premier, has strong hopes of soon (¡Wing Lord buliabury practical proof of the evils of existing German and Belgian treaties. Central Queensland Separation League, in address to tho new Governor of the cilouy, express disappointment that the British Government will not grant autonomy. South Australian State Bank trustees calling tenders for 3} per cent, bonds for £20.000, have received tenders for £45,300 at from par to £5 2a. Od. The Melbourne - Age and some other protectionist papers in various parts of the world, have been declaring for the last thirty years at least that Great Britain is going, or gone, to ruin. As a rule they do nut trouble themsolves to produce arguments to support the statement, except that now and then they dilate on the arrival of a Belgian locomotive, or rejoice over the fact that German cloth is imported both into Great Britain and the colonies. Sometimes, however, we are favoured with a dissertation on the contrast between riches and poverty, with a few quotations from writers who, like Sir Thomas More of old, mourn over the fact that many men who do not work live at ease, while those who really do the labour of the world have to live a life of poverty or of something that is not far removed from it. These quotations are made us if they showed the wickedness of Freetrade and the holiness of Pro- tection, the fact being quietly ignored that u similar state of affairs exists in every part of the world where large populations are gathered together, and is more marked in Protectionist countries than in Freetrade Great Britain. In the United States, where Protection may be said to have fairly run riot, the vivid contrast between poverty and riches is so great as to attract the attention of all observers, and is becoming more marked year by year. The tillers of the soil, those who are called the bone and sinew of the country lead a hard, uncertain, and painful life, seldom or never out of debt, whilst the townsfolks prosper,and great fortunes have become so common as to have ceased to be conspicuous. In protected France we find the same state of affairs,whilst in Germany, where statesmen are firm advocates of Pro- tection, the pressure of population and poverty has become so great as to be the cause of much anxiety, and a possible cause of a war in the not very distant future. We need not trouble ourselves to trace all these evils to Protection, as we might if we set to work to state only one side of the case, because the fact is, that wealth and poverty have been side by side through all the ages, and seem likely so to remain uutil mankind becomes other than it is, or this world comes to an end. We merely notice these things as an illustration of the pleasure, a most singular one, which so many persons find in deceiving them- selves, even when they are trying to deceive their fellow- men. Honest and reasonable persons usually endeavour to see both sides of a case, because they are quite aware that anything can be proved if only one side is looked at, but the faculty of doing so, even when there is the desire, is not found in everybody who sits down to write or gets up to speak. Thus we have enthusiasts and cranks by the score, people who refuse to believe I what does not suit them, people who discover vice wherever they go, and people who utterly refuse to believe evidence which curries conviction to those most competent to judge. Then, there is a crowd of persons all gaping fur bomething new, persons of the STEAD order of mind, who believe what is new because it is so, and rejoice in their power to accept what is generally regarded as incredible. We need not wonder, theu, that there are some who see, or profeas to see, the ruin of Great Britain at hand, even though they have grown grey awaiting the fulfilment of their pre- diction ; tiie pity is, that whilst they deceive themselves they deceive others, and set a host of well- meaning work ingmen the tasks of making ropes out of sand, of gathering grapes from thorns, and fashioning silk purses out of sows' ears. We may content ourselves with the facts in regard to the position of Great Britain, which is, no doubt, full of un- certainties as to the future and not without anxiety as to the present, but mainly by reason of the enormous development of British enterprise, and British capacity for founding orderly and progressive communities. What will be the ultimate development of the beginnings which we now see no man can venture to predict, but it is possible that the British race, perhaps the British Empire as a united whole, may become the greatest power that the world has ever seen since the days of the Roman Empire, and far beyond it both in extent and solid love of freedom and enterprise. Amongst the wonders to be recorded there is, per- haps, nothing much more wonderful than the wealth which Great Britain has accumulated and continues to accumulate. Recent advices from London report that money could be borrowed for short terms at ¼ per cent., whilst the growth of general prosperity, as shown by the revenue, is something beyond all previous re- cord. The Chancellor of the Ex- chequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, in his recent budget statement referred to this face. He said :-" The credit of the country had never stood so high, and the condition of the working-classes, judged by the con- sumption of tea, tobacco and sugar, must have materially improved." This is the plain fact as contrasted with the lugubrious statements that we read, statements only rendered possible by the process of looking merely at all the'evils that can be found, and then nutting this one part for the whole. Then as to trade, which ne are told ought to be, if it is not, goiug utterly to ruin, we find the Ciiancellou of the Exchequer saying: - "They might go back many years without finding a time in which the value of our exports and imports had increased so largely us they did in the latter half of 1895." Here is another simple sin, for do not the imports exceed the exports, and that means that the country is ruined by receiving more than it sends away ? Finally, we find that the actual income for the year was no less than £101,755,000, a sum which would astonish Crœsus him- self, if he could return to earth as rich as he was in the days when he displayed his treasures to Solon. And, this is the country which is sinking to ruin and despair. But, perhaps, the most remarkable statement of Sir Michael Hicks Beach was in connection with the resources of the country in case of war, for, unhappily, in these days it is necessary to look to this contingency. The Germans, with a frugal mind, are understood to have a war treasure laid up, which is kept sacredly untouched, and which brings in no interest. France is supposed to have a some- what similar fund in the enormous reserve of the Bank of France, and other nations have funds intended to meet possible emergencies. Great Britain has gone a different way to work. She feels quite sure that the Government can always borrow what may be required, which is another proof of the riches of the nation, and of the general confidence in the honour and stability of the Goverumeut. Since 1857 the. National Debt has been reduced by £200,000,000, from which it follows that this sum might be spent in war, and yet the nation would not have a greater burden of debt upon it than it bore easily over 40 years ago. Recent expenditure sanctioned for the Navy may prevent, the process of reducing the National Debt being continued,may,indeed,even cause fresh taxation to be imposed, for it has become clearly necessary that Great Britain shall keep her command of the sea. We may hope, however, that ttie world will recover from the warlike fever with which it now burns, and so leave Great Britain to carry on steadily the great work of finally ex- tinguishing the Debt about which so many strange opinions have been ex- pressed. Years ago Emerson said that England's pulse beats like a cannon-ball ; we can trace no diminu- tion in its vigour. To-MORKOW evening the Young Men's Christian Association of Hobart will celebrate its fourteenth annual fes- tival. A review of the duties under- taken and accomplished during tho past year, though bearing no record of spécial work, still shows unmistakably the good results of steady petsibtent ellon in building up for young men what have been called the four walls of character-the spiritual, intellectual, social, and moral. There is at prosent a membership of 70, which w a dp crease of '¿H since the issue of the previous report ; fully half this decrease has been caused by removals from the city, and as i égards the other half, many have been obliged to cease their membership through pecuniary stiebS, und will piobabiy return to the fold when times im- prove. .Financially the Association has increased its indebtedn?ss,though to no considerable extent. The coming year gives promise of increased receipts and donations With improving times this Association should obtain lts.full birnie of benefits, foi no public institution is more worthy of support The chief home, the head centre and rallying point of the YMCA in Australasia, is Adelaide, where the cause floutishes in numbers and in means His Excel- lency iSir Fowell Buxton piesided at the seventeenth anniversary celebrated in that etty on the 21st ult, and in tue coutse of a felicitous speech, explained the scope and purpose of the Associa- tion thioughout the woild It relieved the desolation of those w ho stood alone amid the cio*d, and was helpful to young men when most they needed helping hands lu blight and cheerful tooms they felt the gteater warmth of genial human sympathy which kept them on the right truck Their intellectual tastea were also studied The Association also lecogmscd that young mon had bones and muscles not tully developed, and supplied them with wholesome play and the rivalty of manly games xlboie all, the Association did not forget to constantly bring before young men the teaching which was most liupoi tant In a decade 01 two these young men would be leadeis in politics and social interests, and it was importent not to forget that the masses of young people should be fully braced up with the highest principle, and with the teaching which wus de uwdfioru the study of the word of God, und fiom their desire to walk accmding to His «ill He was suie many young men who belonged to the Association had in the hist place come to gain good things toi them selves, and that they wero also anxious to hand on the same good things to those who needed them lins succinctly .summarises tlie woik and pui pose ot the Young Men's Chris tian Association all over the wot k1, and if no veiy gi eut measure of success has recently been achieved in Hubai t, there is burely no cause for repining, but rather for giatitude and hopefulness that really so much has been done in the face of many difficulties and un toward influences The Association wants mote members, it wants dona- tions from open handed givers, it wants* a more commodious building, and, above all, it wants a more active geneial interest taken in its work To morrow night's eelebration should see the gatheting of an earnest band of woikers and sympathisers, resolved to make renewed efforts, and strong in hope that combination will see their good intent most happily realised The public meeting held at Waratah on Friday last revealed certain facts, long hidden, which can hardly fail to make an impression even upon a Ministry which is not very easily ano ved to spend money. The Report of the Committee appointed at a previous public meeting is an exhaustive one, and sets "forth in very strong language, strong because it is mainly composed of facts, the claims which Waratah has for an outlet for its productions, untrammelled with heavy charges. There can be no doubt that if a good road existed many valuable mines would be opened and worked, which at present and for some time past have lain idle, solely because of the impediments to the carriage of ore. The subject, assumes an important aspect, we may say with the Committee a national aspect, when we remember that many investors in Victoria are deterred from dealing with the mines, solely by reason of the difficulties which lie in the way of inter-communication. This is one reason why the Hon. W. Moore, who has undertaken to place the matter 'before his colleagues,' should have a' favourable hearing, and succeed in getting a beginning mado with a most desirable ana necessary pieco of w ork liut, upai t from what we may call the national aspect of the case, Waratah has a special claim of its own, as show n by the comparison made between the expenditure ou Zeehan and that on a held which has been so long in exist once, and has contributed so much lo the îovenue Possibly, this arises ft oin the fuet that the people of Wai utah have been singulai ly patient, and seem only just to have fulily awakened to a lull knowledge of their claims und tiietr rights lhe Committee has shown, in u way winch does not admit of dispute, the excellent prospeets of the district, and at the sume time tho heavy tax which is bot ne by elie, workeis even upon the very piovisions which they consume 'lhe making of a passable road between Waiatih and Corinna will, undoubtedly, do much to develop a countiy winch is known to be nell in minerals, while it will i clune Wai utah, to a very considctublo extent, from many of the burdens kv Inch a now has to boar lhe case is one winch is bound to leeeive attention, and which should ensure the most cureful consideration of the Miuistiy The business men of Zeehan aro on the right track in then proposal to ostab hsh a local Chumber of Commerct and Mines This town has now attained a position of gi eat importance in the colony, and with such undoubted piospoctsof a prosperous future as io and the West Coast generally have, it is highly essential that sume authorised body should exist to watch over the commercial and mining interests there. A representativo meeting has been held at Zeehan, at which it was unanimously resolved tu form such a chambor, to be known as " The Zeehan and Dun- das Chamber of Commorce_ and Miues." The action of the institution, however, will by no means bo restricted to the protection of tho interests of these tw o towns. Anything and everything affecting tho welfare of the Silver West will engage its attention, and the people of Strahan and Lyell are said to iiave proffered their cordial support to the movement. Of course there is a possibility, nay, a probability, of one of these two last-named places develop- ing into such magnitude as to entitle it at some not very distant date to a separate institution, but that is a matter -that can be dealt with when the necessity arises. At present it is sufficient that the whole district have decided to unite to protect their commercial and mining interests, and it may be safely asserted, in view of the marked success which has attended the hitherto entirely locally-supported Zeehan School of Mines, and other public bodies there, that the.busincss of the new institution will be carried on with such energy and ability as to materially benefit that _ part of the island. Ä Chamber of Mines especially is needful there, and »the representa- tions of such a body, composed of men of good business ability and intimate acquaintance with the mining industry, should bo of great assistance to the Mines Department and beneficial to the interests of the colony at large. Homfwaud Mails -English malle hntnu I ward bound, whloh left Tammin» in April j X1 last arrived at London on the .Uni ult by K M S Otu iba, three dayl before due date Outward Mails -In oonaequence of the Coogee luavwg Launceston earlier than the time advertised it is notified that inter colonial mai s will olose at the Gcuoral font UlfioB on Wednesday at 6 JO and 7pm THE PREMIER.—Sir Edward Braddon will be at his office this morning, but in a few days he again goes on tour, this time with Captain Miles, M.H.A., to the East Coast. Crown Land Ukams -All purchaser» of oountry lauds upon credit who ate entitled under geo 13 uf the Crown 1 anils jvmoiidii eut aol 189S, to obtain a grant ot purl of their lund in proportion to the amount or purchase money alreudy pmd ure uotilied by ndvertieoinent that they will be required to maka application for the same belore the ."iOt.li mtt Colonial I'RoiiroK Tkadk with Kno I ami-The Agent Général (¡sir Robert H el bert) has notibed the Premier (air Eluard Brui]lion) that the munitgor und two of,, the directors of the Co operativo V\ holesale Society, Londuu, a very largo purchasing and distributing ancnoy, will Hhortly visit Australia, aud that he is trying ro ina uco them to also visit Tasmania on their ti ur, in order that they may sue whap this eolony can produco St David s Litkraky Association-The adjourned annual business ineotiog of Sit David's Literary Association was held last evening in the sohoolroom, the Rev ki 1 Howell presiding, and thero was a good attendance of ladies as woll as geotlumeu Iheofhcors for the ucibiod wera oleotod as follows -President, Rev F T Howell , vlou presidents Messrs K J Lucas, J W Israi-I, and Bernard Mmw , committee, Mr» B ont, Mri Wright, Mrs Israel, Misb Hogg, Metáis Albert Bold, J VV ¿Jamil ton, Walter Taylor, P PaiaouB, and V C Hardinge , hou seoretary, Dr Barnard , iiBtittaut hon sooictarv, Mr Walter I Taylor , treasurer, Mr 1 W Wright Tne duys of meeting wore fixed for tim first ami third Tuesday in the month at 8 p m lhe ruliB were taken .seriatim, and ueoessary alterations made lhe cleotion of members in luture will bo left in the hands of the cimnitteo The next meeting will bo hold on Tuesday, the 16th inst , and tho session is likely to prove a very interesting one It is hoped, however, that many moro will join the association this winter. ANA Hobart Bhanch No 1 -The usual fortnightly meeting took plueelaat even 10^ at the Working Mens Club lhe Pie siéent, Mr J E Ooitur, occupied tho chair lhere was a good attend mee The follow mg Lcntlemeu wero elect d members of the um icmtion - Messrs. V Hamilton, J Putin, r Bnent, and A F Kuy Messt* 1\. Ii MeKeao and J A Cearus were pr poeed as members of tho aBiociatiou lim Fin meo Committee brought up their report, and congratulated tho numbers on the p mon ot the branch After the ui-uul routine business, the membeis devotod tho rest of the evening to uooial lurniony f C t. Union -Last ovei ing, at thu Mein riiil Church, a meeting of the lus maman Christian Endeavour Union was held, when there was a good attendance The president, Kev R A thompson, li A , |-resided The f llowm^ s eieties wiro represented -Davey street and Memorial Congregational, St. John'« Presbyterian, Mi-lville and Davey streets Wesleyan, Sandy ßiy and Collius street Primitive Methodist, abort addresses on ''How lo couduot our meetings," wero delivered by Mr. Q. Mackay, M ins Crouch, Mr. W. Smithes, and Mr. J. Overell, who dealt with the subjeot from a consecration, misaionary, social, and busiues* point of view re- spectively. The add reno», though brief, wero not without interest and iustruotion, and were listen, d to with attention through- out. Misa Martin, a missionary from Bethlehem, in speaking to the paper read by M tai Crouch, urged upon members the great need there aiili waa fur them to forward ai far as Uy lu their power the interest and work of the mis-ionary. Hymn* were ren- dered at Intervall, and the proceedings, which were bright and cheerful throughout, were brought to a conclusion by prayer. We will not say anything in favour of IXL jams. We merely ask the public to try for themselves. Raw« in England.-The Maori enter- tainer», Rawei, and tliue, bia wife, who made a tour of the colonies a year or eo ago, have been very successful in England, and u description of them and their doings appear! in the Baptist, written by C. Spurgeon, According to this account their modus cperandi is the «ame as that adopted I y them in Tasmania, and those who bad the pleasure of hearing them in the colonies will be glad to leam that their efforts were sufficiently successful in the mother-country to iuducu thom to prolong their stay there. Decisive Victory. - At the late Tas- manian Exhibition the IXL jams were awarded the FiitsT special prize for oxcollonco of manufacture and purity of flavour. Midland dcniuuL-iUKAL ansociATioN. The following entries have been r< ueived fur the SSth annual exhinitioa of the Midland Agricultural Aesocutiou, to be hold at Campbell 'Towu un the 10th ¡nat :-Merino sheep, 85 peus ; Leicester, l8 ; Lincoln, II; Shropshire Down, 30; southdown, 20 ; fat sheep, 10 ; hunt, rs, 15 ; liaoko, 3 ; oxtia stock, 4. Total entries, 196. Tbuth never fears rigid examination, and ao IXL jams are found, on trial to be far and .way superior to any other brand- * City Police Cod ut.-At this Court yes-1 terday, before tho Polioe Magistrate (Mr. B. Shaw) and Mr. K. T. Boyes J.P., Margaret Priest, for disturbing the peace, was liued I bi., or 24 hour». Hi orge Thomas Cooper, for damaging a drum, was ordcrod to pay £[ Vin. Gd., the amount of damage doue, and a fine of 10'., or in delault of payment one month's imprisonment. John Ford, tor disturbing tho peace, waa lined 20a. and costs, or one mouth. Alico Appleton, for a similar olfunce, was illioh.irged with a ciiuiioii. Iwo young men wero charged with tho lucuuy if nine iive fowls, thj property of Mr*. Kate Lisette Whitington, valued at 12i. (id. Sub-Inspuutor Cook pro scouted, and Mr. W. ii. Propsting (Tinning and Propsting) defended ae-aused, who pleaded not guilt). After evidence for the j I di usuoulion hud brou given, the case was aiij iiirned uuul Tuesday next, for the pro- duction of evnieucu for tho defence. Die eliargu of lareouy uguiust Joshua Anson was lesunicd, ijupeiintuudent 1'idder conducting the prosecutiou, and Mr. li. J Evana up peal log for the doteuce. lho accused, wuo rt served his détenue, was committed for dial, hail being allowed as before, A Con-taiii K /-SSAULTED.-Shortly after 11 p m yesterday, as Cnuitable Ward was ou duty In El zitbeth street, he had oooasion to arrest two men who were disturbing tbo peace. When in the aot of taking them tu Hie Police Station, a third man named Wil- liam Snow, assaulted the constable, dealing him a severe blow on tbo hilo, and kioking him in the stomach, and Constable Ward Was obliged to dofeui himself with his staff Ino l*u men escaped fro ii custody, but Buow was soeuied, and will bo charged at the Police Cuurt this morning with lho 0 Tence. A Warning- rou Uoiiakt "Ghosts" At tho Adelaide Police Cuurt on thursday last a. Rudd waa charged with unlawfully dUguiamg himself with a pioeo of white L'lolh, and was therefore doomed to be " idle and disordeily." On thu night of May 6, I Mr. Meddal was on his way nomo when he noticed a figure iu wiiite emerging fiocn lho Wesleyuu Cemetery. As it appiouched he hoard it say "Thoa. Meddal, I claim you " ile replied, "Take me tliou, ' and struik the figure with a stick which he oarrien. Thu " gho t " closed with bim, and in the Hv.uflle the sheet waa disarranged and Meddal identified Rudd. Defendant wus lined 10s. and cuats, £4 5s. iu all. ^¿Uaskuall Match.-An exhibition base uni I muiuh is to be given on ttio upper cricket ground this afternoon, comiucuuing at 2.15. The match is under the patronage tf the Drapers and Grocois' Early Closing Associa- tion. London Missionary .sooikty.-At the , Cungrig*tiuuul church, Fraukliu, to night, ut 7 30, a missionary tueotiDg will bo held in oouuuutiou with the London Missionary Society. Kvvs. C. Lewia (from liailamy, India) and Joseph King, orn»ui»ing agent of the Society of Australasia, will give ad dresies. SouuKN Death.-Mrs. Cavanagh, residing utNo. 91, Campbell-street, repotted to the police yesterday evening that a visitor from Sydney, named G. Grew, who waa lodging with her, expired suddenly at her house at about 2 30 p.m. Dr. Scott, who bad been attending the deceased, has consented to give a certificate as to the cause of death, so nu inqutst will not bo held, l'bo body was eubauqutntly oonveyed to tho morgue by the police. Unclaimed Telegram.-A messuge ad dretard Miss M. titéele, HO, Maoquarie street, awaits a oluimant at the Telegraph Office. Bank V.D. Land Lottkhy.-It is notified that this is the last day ou whiuh to obtain tickets in the Bank ot Vun Dicmen'a Lund second lottery, and that the otfiuu in Kyah's buildings, Elizabeth-street, will remain open ' until 9 o'clock iu the evening. The drawing j is likely to take placo next week. Mount Nelson, May 22, 1896. Silt,-ïou will bo pleasod to know that the Compound Cylindrical Glauses supplied by yourself, after your examination of my sight, have given me tho greatcU satisfaction. Before wearing thom I did not kuow what good sight waB. Yours truly, I (Signed) FRANCIS E. DUFFÏ. I To Mr. W. J. Cleweu, 93, Elizabeth-street, Hebart. v (Representing Carter & Werner, Ooulists Upticiaus.) 