NELLY PRESTON OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. By tho author of "Ems SKATOK «• JESSIE MELVILLE;" " LUCT,THEFACTOHT GIDL," " EUSTACE, THK OUTCAST." CHAPTEB XXH.~{Coktb„».> " I can't believe it," cried Albert Clayton, with his usual generosity of sentiment and freedom from suspicion. " It's impossible that yon appearance of shame and remorse :ould bo deceptive, or the hearty satisfaction with which he espoused our side. Bail .-is lie was Walsh had not a sneaking, smooth, do- •eiving way with him. I have studied him A good deal, and I believe ho is what he seems, whether ho means well or ill. He ~an't put a face or act a part." " But how explain this sudden and uncxpectod flight?" asked Wiliiam in a tone of incredulity. "Call it absence, not flight," returned Albert. wait a little, " Inexplicable and in all likelihood it is to us he now, will but explain it himself." His listeners shook their heads, Mrs. Walsh herself was very doubtful, and most of the others feared the worst. William Sime counselled the instant adoption of measures to frustrate any attack which might be made upon them. If Walsh was gone to tell all he had learned, and all that had happened bim, there was no doubt that Lady Clayton and Chipps would with all epeed try to remedy the misfortune. ! Still Albert clung to his hope in the reality of Walsh's repentance, and would not admit that he thought he had turned traitor. And so the day passed, and he did not return. The morrow arrived, and still he came not. All tho forenoon and all the afternoon they nervously watched and watted for him. At flark they were seated in the blue parlour, Each more convinced than ever that ho had betrayed them. Albert would not yet admit this, but he did not so readily and confidently express his faith in him. As they sat conversing on the subject, the floor was quietly opened, and Walsh glided m and sat down in the nearest chair he came to. I A universal exclamation greeted his appearance, and all rose and gazed upon him. He was very pate and seemed wearied and exhausted. His chest heaved, as if it was weak and panting for breath, but there was a light of pleasure in his eye, and an expression of satisfaction on bis features. "Oh, James, where have you been?" asked bis wife, as she hurriedly approachcd bim. " You thought, of course, that I bad deserted," he said, in a faint tone—" gone off to see Chipps with information against you all Ah, I see you did. Well, don't wonder tttit, for I deserve to bo suspected, and the secret way I went off looked traitorous." " We had all bad thoughts of you except Albert," cried William Sime. " He would j never allow us to say that you had turned false, but was strong in the belief that you would return with an explanation." " Did you, sir?" exclaimed Walsh, his face flushing with pleasure. " Were you so j generous towards me—you who had most . cause to distrust roe r" ! " Pooh," rejoiued Albert, "I am pretty good at knowing what stuff a man is made ! of, and I saw that there was no humbug ! about you. When you were found to have gone, I said so, and I have not been deceived —that's all." j " Bless you for yotir good opinion, sir," rejoined Walsh, in a grateful tone. " It is not the first time you have said so, and your words, as much as anything, made mc resolve to do right. Well, I would have told ! you I was going, but I thought if you knew my intentions you might try to hinder me. : Besides, I did not know if I would succeed, and I don't like anybody to know when I fail. However, I haven't failed, for here's the paper." And as he spoke he drew from his bosom a folded document, and handed it to Nelly, who stood in front of him. " My father's will!" exclaimed Nelly, who recognised it in a moment, and stood with it in her hand, staring at Walsh in astonishment. The latter nodded, winked, and smiled in a satisfied way. "How in all the world did you get it?" inquired Albert. j " Went to Leeds for it," answered Walsh. •'1 couldn't rest till I got that piper, for I thought it would be some small atonement to the girl for my share in her bad usage, and t serve to show you all it was no sham repentancc that I professed." " Then you saw Chipps and demanded it of him." "Not likely," returned Walsh. " I knew that was the worst way to go about it, so I did not attempt it. Chipps knows nothing about it being here, but thinks it quite safe in his secret drawer. How I got it there, or into the house at all without anybody seeing me, it doesn't matter. There's the will, and both Bob Preston and Chipps are done out of the property." " Bravo!" cried Albert. " That's a stunning trick. We have the ball wholly at our feet now; they are baffled at every point." "Oh, James—James!" screamed Mrs. •Walsh, as sbc sprang forward to support her husband, who had suddenly placed his hand upon his breast. She was just in time to receive him as he fell heavily forward. He 1 ;had fainted. ! This threw them all into great agitation, Dut by Albert's presence of mind he was promptly conveyed to the room he had 60 long occupied, and laid upon his bed. In a few miuutes he revived, and confessed that the journey had been too much for him, and that it had knocked bim up a good bit, but he had no doubt a few hours rest would re- 1 vivc hiin.' " "Tell me," cried Albert, who Lad a pain- ful suspicion of the true state of the case " did you spend any portion of last night in tbe open air." Walsh hesitated a few moments. " Well, yes, I did," be at length replied, I was forced to w iich a while opposite Cbipp's door for an opportunity to get into the house. As luck would have it, he did not noon go to bed, and I had to stand waiting for a couple of hours or so." " And where did you spend the rest of the night?" asked Albert. " Oh, in a snug place," returned Walsh. " Was it under a roof?" "Well," laughed Walsh, "if you will have it, I spent the rest of a night in a hay stack outside the town. I had 6trong reasons for not going to any house in Leeds, as I wanted to be off here by tho first train." " I was sure you had spent the night in imch a placc," observed Albert, shaking his head. ' " How did you guess it ?" asked Jim, with a curious look. " By those seeds on your coat," was the quiet answer. ' " Gad, sir, you would make a capital de- .tective," said Jim. " But," he continued, "I was baulked after all, for I fell sound asleep, and didn't wake in the morning till after the train had passed. The next was a mail, and confound it, I hadn't tlie full fare, 60 I had to walk several miles." "Good God !" ejaculated Albert. "The exposure and fatigue after such a fever." j " My poor husband," sighed Mrs. Walsii, 1 "ter arms about his neck and kissing him. Margaret also came forward and took hit : hand and Nelly said how very sorry she was that he had endured so much for her. I " What was it to what you endured at my ; hands?" returned Walsh, who was shaking shivering with a new atta.-k of fever, He strove hard to suppress .all manifestation ' of suffering-, but soon his brain was a train I alTected, and onco more the fever-fiend had j : him in his power. Weak as bo was, this re- \- lapse shook and shattered him to a terrible . degree. On the eighth day the doctor told j him that the crisis was come, and shook his J j head sadly in prospect of the issue. Ho was I "ion sleeping a restless, troubled sleep, not | t,ie caini i tranquil slumber he had formerly j enjoyed, when the delirium left him. The I doctor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. About midnight Walsh awoke and ; knew arm and them felt all. his pulse. The doctor It was took wild hold and of his ir regular. He ordered soothing powders and rose to go. In the blue parlour he was surrounded by the anxious watchers, who asked his opinion of the st-iteof the patient. " Do not be afraid to tell us plainly, doctor," sobbed the weeping wife. "Out of a kind feeling you may be tempted to deceive us, but it will be a mercy to declare to us tho truth." " I am glad you have put it to me thus," returned tho doctor. " My painful duty is to inform you that he will not recover." "GoJ's will be done," groaned Mrs. Walsh. And she turned away and proceeded to tho chamber of sickness. Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the question bluntly to Mary. She was too true to his best interests to deceive him, and told what was the doctor's opinion. To every one the near and certain prospect of death is solemn and awful, but however firmly and composedly they may be able to look at it, to most it is dreadful to contemplate, while to some it is utterly appalling. Of the latter number was Jim Wal.-b. Tlie circumstances in which the solemn prospect bad approached bim, the position in which it had found him, made it doubly gloomy and terrible. But lately be had scoffed at tbe hereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ah, {^"t that was when he was strong and full of robust life—it was when lie was in the full ind unchecked tide of his wicked career. Now he was stricken down with weakness, life with its concerns was ebbing away, and he was brought face to face with the solemn problem. He could not so scoff and sneer at it now. The divine witness within hiai rose up to force its claims on bis attention, and the , 3eep instincts of his soul would not cast • aside that future to which it was so vitally and essentially related. There are men in our day who, led on mainly by scientific research and discovery, ! have gone far astray from the ancient landmarks. The Bible, tliey say, is for the most part a collection of neautiful fairy tales, im- ; mortality is a mere matter of opinion, God is " an eternal, not ourselves," or " a stream of tendency " that makes tor righteousness, and life itself is a thing to be Jived in righteous- ! ncss and self-denial certainly, but not as in. tlie sight of a divinity that shapes our ends, It is, however, in the day of sorrow, in the hour of death, that religion has her triumphs; those times when earthly voices are stilled, when a heavenly power irresistibly manifests j itself to us, and wc feel that the great j articles of our faith rest not upon doubtful 1 interpretations of obscure passages, but upon | the witness of our hearts and the experience of our lives. | Tlie result briefly and shudderingly arrived at by Walsh was that, there was a hereafter, and he was about to meet it. Wc say shuddcringly; for if it meant, anything to ! him it meant retribution. There he lay j steeped in sin, covcred by a very mountain of transgressions, any single one of which must produce a fearful reckoning. No wonder . then that Jim Walsh was appalled when he knew that lie hail only a few days—perhaps only a few hours—to live. One comfort there was for him, and he could not help clinging to it . His last deed—that one in the doing of which he had virtually sacrificed his life— was of an atoning kind—atoning, that is, in a hmnan sense; for it was the rendering a signal service to a girl lie bad wronged. He ; was not a little satisfied at having done it, even though it had led him within the portals and shadow of death. But oh ! lie bitterly felt that this availed not to atone for liis j wasted life—hislongcourse of vice and crime | —and in his extremity he asked his weeping j wife for aid. Four days of respite were granted bim, and j during that, time by the help and direction of those who surrounded liis dying bed, he waa prepared in some small degree for tbe dread realities of that world on which lie was about ! to enter. lie was told in what direction to look, on whom to rely, and taught to repeat a hyrnn, wllich he uttered with a vehement earnest ne.-s. On this raft lie committed his departing soul to the dark and swelling Jordan. Who dare say that he was engulfed and carried down the eternal rapids? And yet he could not presume to depict an end like his in colors too bright. At the best it was a despairing venture, and the trust he was enabled to place in Divine mercy was a trembling trust, His hope sprang out of utter abandonment; his faitli rould not, perhaps, be defined. And so lie died; and his faithful wife, who had 1 wiped the death-damp from his brow, closed his eyes and breathed a prayer for his fluttering soul, about to wing its way to tho bar of j judgment. Let the veil hang down, let none of its sable folds be disturbed, let us leave the dead < one to the justice and mercy that reigns behind it, assured that mercy will joyfully IIi| descend where justice can give her room. l | | j j , He was buried in tbe Necropolis, followed to the grave by very few, but Albert Clayton and William Sime lowered the coffin reverently into tbe grave, and tbe former dropped a tear on the lid before the earth had (ime to fall and cover it for ever up. On their way back, when passing a stationery shop, Albert chanced to glance at a printed bill which contained tbe contents of that morning's paper, and one line which met his eye caused him to pause and start. The line was this : "Death of Sir Humphrey Clayton." Gbapte? rsttt ALBERT CLAYTON HAS AN INTERVIEW WITH MB. BELL, THE SOLICITOR- CIIIPPS AND BOB PUESTON WONDER WHAT HAS BECOME Otf WALSH. Albert rushed iuto the 6hop acd bough a newspaper, and be and William went into an eulry to read an account of Sir Humphrey's death. It was a short paragraph, aud stated that the Baronet had died suddenly, two day.' prcviously.at tho family residence in Leeds. It was added that, owing to the recent melancholy death of his son, the estate would go to the child of his third marriage, who, being a minor, wo aid uo doubt be placed under trustees. "This event calls for prompt action on my part," exclaimed Albert, as hurriedly folding ! up the paper they issued again into the street. j " I must instantly be off to Leeds, and rrj out my resolution cf consulting with Mr, Bell, auj putting the rase into his bauds." Accordingly, that afternoon. Albert, in bis j mnke-up as a Ir'rencbman.with wig, moustache*, euj 8pecUclea, departed in the bain. It was dark when be reached Leeds, and he proceeded direct to Mr. Bell's chambers. He had not seen that geutletnau for several years—seldom, indeed, since he had ceased to act »s bis father's lawyer. He wondered, therefore if lie would recognise bim, and (bought if be did, what a shock he would receive ou being visited by one whom he considered dead. Musing thus,he rang the bell of the solicitor's chambers, and the answer to bis inquiry, if Mr. Bi-ll was ivitbiu. was made hesitatingly in the affirmative. The girl looked with a mixture of curiosity aud suspicion at the very French-looking i>;'j Koimgu wlio stood before ber, and held t,he dear iu her baud without iuviting bim to come in. j " Can I not fee Mr. Hell ? " inquired Albert. I " Is ho engaged ? ' •* I think Uc is," sbc answered. He hns i jus! got dinner, and he always hits a I sl<ep alter it. Perhaps you would oil ngiin if ! yuur btiMi ess is not veiy important." ll. does happen to be important, though,'' oV»si ived Albert ; " and as be is C!OM ted only with J'dpln us.I'il take the risk of iutcinij tin the constitution. \Vill you p!ea?e, therefore, ' shun- inc to his room ? " • j Seeing that the queer—looking vibitor was not ' I to lie put off, tbe girl led the way along the [ lobby, and showed bim into a roinn shelved rouu;t and furnished with a very large htisin.-ss ' table This was evidently tbe so'icitm's olhce. ; The l;iblu, immense as it was, groaned under tbe piles of tape-secured papers. The shelves w.-re | filled with numerous other packages and ucatly j painted tin boxes. In front of the tahlo was n j capacious chair, covered with black leather, and , at i*nii side was a cushioned M>fa, appatcnlly for the ucc'jminodatiou of visitors j Albert sat down on the latter, aud had not waited long when thn door opened and the lawyer entered, rubbing bis eyes, which were 6'eepy in the extreme. Clearly enough be hud been roused from a sound nap. Mr. Bell had more the appearance of a jolly, jovial alderman than a lawyer. His corporation was really something to boast of, being nut only huge, but well-proportioned, and sustained by a pair of stout sturdy understandings. His neck was somewhat short, but upon it there was a large round head, well covercd with light, curly hair. He had a plcas.mt, open expression of countenance, a small mouth, a short nose, aud a very sparkling and intelligent eye, though at t hat moment it was, as we have said, in a very drowsy state. One very prominent feature was a broad expansive brow, showing a full development of the reasoning powers, and giving assurance that be was intellectually qualified for his profession. Bestowing a look of inquiry on his visitor, Mr. Bell went forward to the table, and deposited bis corpulent Itody iu the easy chair, ! during which process Albert was quietly divesting himself of bis wig, moustaches, and spectacles, whereby be was cbangcd from a shoulder- | shruguing frenchman into a well-favoured youth with a bright, laughing eye. The iiiL'tamtTphcsis ii&lurully; made the lawyer leek at him more narrowly aud fixedly. "A medical student who has got hirmelf iuto a scr.ii.e,"thoiightMr.Bell,wbo but dimly caught Mfcht of Jjifi ittilurtS. Albert i-.>se and cunc sileutly to the other side of the table, «li L-ic the gns sh-iiie full upon bim. There he stood with liis rouud blue eye fined on the lawyer, and a smile playing rouud bis mouth. Mr. Bell started,rubbed his eyes more vigourously than before, aud stared at tho youth in astonishment. It requires something very <-xtruordiiiaiy to throw a lawyer—cspecally a shrewd, H.H-)-.OSMSSCII lawjer like Mr Bell into such visible aui:<ze:i)ent. l''or some menients Albert spoke not, but stood enjoying the astonishment and perplexity di pieti d on the other's face. " I)o you know mc. Mr. Bell ? " he. at length asked.striving ;,!1 he could to .suppress a twinkle in his eye •• Know you ? " repeated tbe astonished lawyer. I think I do, and if I do, by Heaveu ! I must be speaking to a ghost." Albert laughed outright. " Docs a gho^t c..ine disguised in wig and spectacle* ? " be said. " 1 don't know-," answered the solicitor. " I never had a virit from one beforo." " 1 should think not. Well I am not one either. I am distinctly in the bc-iv, I cau assure you." " Then am I right in supposing you to be Mr. Albeit Clayton :•'" Vi>u never were more correct with a supposition. I a-ji U>at individual."' " And you were uot drowned in Waterloo Lake :-'• " Certainly not. I was very nearly murdered there, but, as good luck would bave it. I was pnlhd out- after my mur.Ierer had gone off. •teeming tint Ic'skind intentions towards mchad been Miiii-ely fulfilled. My deliverers restored ine to .iijimalio::, niul 1 thought it as well to keep retired for a lime. My father's death has, however, brought me out of concealment, aud I have come to you to get advice, and iu fact to : put inytelf ami a very singular case in your ; bands." j " UK ss my suul and body! 1 was never more I aston:s!i< d in all my life," ejaculated Mr. Bell, t recovering r;ij;idl.y, ::ud getting info bis ubual' state of coolness , . j was it ? Who wanted it _ was aii intended murder,- 1 •• My st- pmother, cd f^ady VOU out Clayton."' Of the way ?" | "G. o 1 Heaven ! was - that — tho w=iy of it ? She wishi d the estate for her own child, and hired the man who w-nt «Hh you to the lake to put I von out of the way j " i'J.at is exactly it," replied Albert. I " ll is A shoekng Ijiisim s^ : and they say they . ilnid; yon are dead ?"' " Tnej 'vc not a doubt of it—neither ber lady- ! ' ship nor Mr. Cbipps, ber lawyer."' [ ; Ha '." exclaimed the solicitor, catching bis | breath. " had Chipps a baud in it r" [ | " He was art and patt. He it was who i aiTaiigol wiih the murderer, and bargained for I j I ( his services." " Well, I'm glad of that. I've long bad a hatred of that low, cuunicg blackguard, but if, wc can make this out 1 have him neck and heel ir. his own trap. I would give a good deal to sec the long-necked rascal swinging in a haltcr. and her ladyship with him, for I have always been of opinion that they are equally " tlx aud half a dozen," rejoined Albert. ** However bad they are we cau't put them in a baiter, for you see no murder was committed." " We can transport them, though." " Pos-ably, but I don't want that, either. 'VL.tl waut is to baffle them both by getting tl e c-lato for tbe rightful heir." "Any easy matter that, at all event-?.' said Sit. B-li "'All you have to do is to turu up at ILc t, u-c and get yourself Berved." " Myself '< No, i'o, I am not the heir." " Ym are uot the heir of Clayton Y" said Mr. Rtil, Si great surprise. "rben who is ?" ' My nephew. lie only sou of my elder '••Wh'nnrt" ,1,„ t- * , , - , I Whew ! _ said the solicitor, laying b,s two Hands on bis ample paunch. ' Another mystery." " Yes ; and more of tbe same vile plot. But I think it better to lay the story before you ir detail. It is rather a long one, but as it will Hive you information which it is of the utmost importance, that you should have, if you ' ran spare he time, I shnti " " i^ay no more," cried Mr. Bell, who was now fully interested. "1 am disengaged for tbe evening, aud were I not, I would make myself free, for this is a mutter of paramount import- j : ""f:, 'jllnefiet a bottle of wine, and then let me h*vc the whole affair.- • ; " A bottle of wine and two glasses, Bessie."' i ! "Ves, sir." B. ssie' vanished, and quickly returned with , the articles named. It was.something rich to • ! -ee how she s'ared, first at AU»ert, and then nt ithc wig and spectacles that I*y on the table, j ML« WKS too discreet a seivant, however, to tak<? , any further notice, and made her exit, after i , bestowing another wonderiug glance on the j i strange visitor. j " Now for it," said Mr. Bell, pouring out a ' L'lass for himself, handing the bottle acrcss.nnd I chair! L ' mSdf Ut at fuU kngth i n b i ° s^| Albert drew forward the seat to which Mr. Bell pointed, sat himself down and began his narrative. Bricfly.yct succinctly and miiiiitelv, ! he gave the substance of all with which tlie reader has been made acquainted in the fore- i going chapters. The lawyer listened not only ' with patience, but with absorbed attention— the story, as it was told, bringing to bis face varied expressions of indigiixtion, satisfaction. jnd delight At that point which related to " R r J7" d ""'-'I!*, 0 wU ", h '\ c s «''i ett - i 3d at the hands of Clnpps, hts teeth wt re set firmly together. His eyes fleshed and his hands twitched nervously. The villauous plot against . Nelly likewise provoked him to honest auger, out other portions, especially towarjs the close, ' which made all thiugs secure for justice, gave ' itnh intense delight. | "Cad, Mr. Clayton," he exclaimed, when Albert was done, " wc have the ball entirely at > jur feet. You bave managed the matter nobly, ; ind circumstances have played into our hands ' nriili singular good luck. We are in a position to ihiver their hellish scheme to atoms, and I shall ?ain a triumph over Chipps which will fully •epiy the evil trick he and ber ladyship did in letting me ousted us your father's agent." " That,"- returned Albert, " was a step I itrougly disapproved of and deplored, but my ; lather was getting weak in the mind, and Jczc- j >el bad gained such a power over bim ; sbe in K-r turn, i cispect, being the puppet of philips.'' " Ob, I uuderstiiud the thing perfectly,*" said Ur Bell. " It dmfcu't matter now, for we can >;>fHo thein, and that's everything. The death if Walsh, of course, prevents us from pressing •gainst tin m tbe crime of intended muider.and, is you sav, it might do us no good to bring up Dbipps for his conduct to the poor boy. It will >e enough of revenge to us and mortification to :hctn to knock atrsy every plank from beneath .heir feet, and leave them floundering in the «ud." " Then you w ill take the case in hand ?" said •be youth. " Won't 1 !" exclaimed tbe solicitor. " Never lid I miter on one with more gusto. Lit me <ee now. If they are audacious euougb to show ight, as I believe they will—for Chipps,like the Aorin that he is,will crawl though be is chopped .iito bits—of course, their defence against the :laims of Harry will he thai he is illegitimate. Deborah Ijickson can prove the opposite,' id Albert, hastily. •' Of course sbc can; ami probably wo shall be ihla to bunt up tbe certificate. But the plea, ven if it stood good, would uot help them a oil, for suppose Harry's claim set aside, you :o:nc in next. They can't make you a bastnrd JU any pveUmce." "Thank goodness, no," said Albert emphaticiliy. "But Harry is not. illegitimate,and nothing -hall keep him out of the estate ; I would not take it, even if the law gave it to me." "Well, well," smiled Mr. Bell, " all very s<ood. I don't think you'll bave an opportunity lor the display of such magnanimity, for, if I ean rely on all the points of your story, as no lioubt I may, it will not be difficult to make tbe bay's claim good. It is tbe duty of a lawyer to anticipate and consider the defence which it is probable or possible for the opposite to make. 1 by no means think it likely that Chipps will advise her ladyship to contest Harry's right, seeing that neither his success nor his failure can do ber the least good. Besides, you are the only party to take steps against him. And were you a greedy, grasping adventurer, and I a lawyer of the Chipps stamp, I have no doubt we might uiMiage to defraud tbe boy, and put you iu tbe possession of Clayton." (TO BE CONTINUED.) | ALL KIQKTS BESZSVBD.J 