MR. CARRUTHERS' NEW BILL. In his speech at Wagga the other day Mr. Carruthers outlined the bill he proposes to bring in to supplant the system of ballot, and to lessen the odds against a 'man who, according to the Min ister, ought to have the land, viz , the man with family or relatives dependent upon him, who has no land. That individual occupies first place in the eyes of the Minister. Then comes the man with a family, &c.;, and not enough land ;. after him comes the man whom many, wpqljl1 consider the "happiest dh earth— no ' re latives and no land, and last of all the man who doesn't hold sufficient land. The strange part of it is that ths young man who wants to get a wife, and first of all the iatid to take her to, is hopelessly in the heel of the hunt. He hasn't the ghost of a chance. Fancy, where seven blocks are thrown open and there are 324 applicants, as was the- ease laat Thursday ! Where does the young inau come in who wants to make a home and take unto himself a helpmate 1 According to schedule his place is iu the third class, but as the others have to be served first, and there are plenty of them, he is practically out' off from par ticipation in the distribution of the public estate. Mr. Carrutheus will have to take a second look at bis proposed measure. It is not desired to be shown that the Minister has any wanton inten tion of doing injustice to a class, but clearly he has made one grave omission at least, when he left unclassified the youug man who wants a wife atid land. There are other errors in the proposed plan, but the one mentioned Is quite enough to condemn it in the estimation of sensible men. The fact of the matter is that the land is being thrown. away in a most wasteful manner, and people are scrambling for it as boys do for nuts, Let the absurd rental of 1-J per cent, on capital value be raised to 5 per cent,, , a fair and proper figure, which would not make rents more than Is. or Is'. 6d, per acre, and it may safely be guaranteed to the minister that his proposed bill to classify the applicants will not be re quired, and that the married and single men will have equal chances in the common birthright. Royal Agricultural Show. — The judging of the winos in connection witli the Royal Agricultural Socioty's show (to bo hold in Melbourne next woolc) took placo last week, and tho following district growors woro successful : — Mr. J, Prontico took third prize for red sweet wine, full- bodied (il entries); Mr. R. F, Gow gained third prizo for white wine, full-bodied, 2 years and over (15 entries); for red wine, light dry, 1896 vintago, tlio Barnawartlui Association was first (22 entries) ; red wine, full-bodied, swoot, 1896 vintago, Messrs. Busso arid Sons were first, Mr. L. Levin second, and Mr.,E. Baylis third (11 entries) ; white; white, light dry, 1896 vintage, Mr, L. Levin took second prize, and an exhibit of Mr. Al Anderson's was' liiglily commended (118 ontries) ; wiiito wiuc, full-bodied, sweet. 1896 vintago, Mr. J. Prentice was awarded first prize. B. , Gehrig ' second, nnd Mr. L." Levin third (six entries) ; muscat wine, 1896 vintage, Mr. J. Chandler was awarded second prizo,' and Mr. W, Poacock third (10 entries, . 