I , ,^|a^BAJrO&!S.: PRIDE_ ^ , ** By greatestwfih isnevef to'look npdnyduf face again !” exclaimed the speaker, excitedly, ** And my greatest effort shall bo to secure'to you ,the realisation' oh that wish !” was the The two who confronted each other, one with cheeks pallid and dark eyes flaming angrily, the other cold, scornful, immovable, had but three years' before promised at the altar to love ' 'and cherish ieqcb other intensely, k Eleanor Dare turned from her bnaband, her Jhrealh ooining’consultively;'her Wmmbeavi nr, Wi tor eyes fell an hor child— their child— lying altleep in its little bed, its sweat beauty "appealing': powerfully' to the mother’s heart. ' jBjih^-a stifled cry she foil on her knees by the crib, baying her face in the ooverings. Jg31*ro ■f are forces under 'nature’s control 1 wyHHa-at .working changes ' in man’s heart landfill thoiojac of sages could not produce 35»®ght of' hia wife, the mother of his child fauafling in mute despair besides the little one * smiling in ite innocent strep,’ stirred alt the ' pentnp tenderness «f Dare’s heart. He took a bemlmting ‘«tep ' forward and ’ laid one' hand Sightly «n Bleacor’sshoulder. With a shudder Whe’drew away from him, not looking up. His hand fell beside him. ^ Eleanor 1” be' said half phadingiy. '!3t-v /jKsodid pot answer. Coining nearer, he brnt ovnr^ttm two,: saying jn tones neither calm nor steady^- . pt^Xtshaps we are. both mistaken, Eleanor. Canwesnend this matter •? Do yon wint peace orjifiill it be as yon said just now—a Mating ■ *q»*atjop” v/" .v1." .f; Thejewerii of.g'tfed sndcril Vere struggling desperately for’ masterjin the soul of Eleanor Dare. 9 All the tenderness of her nature nrged her towards him,' and the sleeping ohild whose xsrr^fingcrs^ her chock vu touching implored strongly .'though •feilertly forgiveness ■ for the erriqg^aefeuid. f S.ilHBBBjgijes. •£ He had committed evil not eaaly repaired and forgotten, and had dealt bis wife's ^beart a blow that wonnded it cruelly. •Her prBtnnd chocked affection were rebelling wildly now : the'hour had come that comes in^tbe lives of almost all husbands, and wises, when supremacy must be conceded to cne'oftbo other ; when, if peaee and happiness are to continue, one will must bend and one heart mikn the concession which is indispensable to harmony and lore. 1 Eleanor.Dare bad never in all her life yielded to another. She bad followed her own incliaa tion unchecked, and unbiased. She had done so in marrying Philip Dare in opposition to the wishes of her family. In that dreadful mo ment of indreisioo," when love clamoured so strongly within her bosom, she suffered untold agony. If be had ’ only spoken more warmly, boon a (riiloless cold in his entreaty,this quarrel would, without doubt, have ended iu reconcilia tion. "■ But wounded pride and stubborn will, that een not yield in a minute or a day, prevailed at length.. She turned bsr face away from him, “ No, I can never forgive you, and I was not conscious of needingforgiveness. There can be no peace for ns together. Better, far better, “ Very well.” His voice was as cold now ill beroirn. “It shall be as you say. But was yon kindly' consider one thing more ? The child-” *' She is mine ! ” exclaimed Eleanor, almost furiously starting to her feet, and clasping the baby to her breast. “ She is mine, by all-law, human or divine. I bore her in sorrow and suffering, and only death shall take her from '* Would; H not boas well to dispense with histrionics ? ” asked her husband. “ I have no 1 fntaotioaof playing the part of stage villain and stealing yonr child ; bht if you cun descend to : aafmoaie a matter, how do you intend to anp ■ porfaTser ? ” A ffanh of scorn shot from his wife’s dark **. Sot by your aid,”' she replied bitterly. ’* 1 w2 not touch one penny of your money, do yon understand ? You.are at liberty to bestow It on those who have succeeded mein your affec tions. I will not share it with such as they.” "Eleanor, have a care!” he exclaimed, roused now.to a pitch of anger hitherto un reaehed. “ Even you may go too far. I will ' not stoop to a denial of charges which my wile should Mash to repeat or believe. Yon, who have been so foolishly imprudent, are sacred from such accusations from me ! ” “I hope—oh, heaven, howl hopo !—yon may; never have an opportunity to utter such words to ine again ! ” cried Eleanor, turning white to her lips. The little one, awakened by the raised voices, commenced crying with fright. Eleanor sank into a chair, soothing and caressing the child, all her wrathful pride giviug way .to sweet,1 maternal instinct; but Dare was angered beyond endurance, and the sight had for him now oo.eoothing influence. He left the room, saying as he went— " Yob shall have yonr wish, madam, but yoal shall not teach my daughter to grow up batingheeffatber.” a, Ho.leftjtho 'houue, .and at a late hour that night<had' not returned. His wife closed her cfeaaber-dooriiagaicstt all intruders. Early nerttmornieglhc madeihis.appearance, looking haggmrdt'andicareworD.^snd went direotly to the locked apartment, e The door was forcibly opened, but': the room was empty. . Eleanor had 'fled with her child,, taking nothing with her sivertheclolhingltbey^vore. He did-not search for her. His first feelings were-of*ontragcd pride and terrible 'anger towards the' woman whose;flight put upon him such open shame. In the-first ardour of his wrath' be said to himself that she was nothing to him and had forfeited ’ all claim to his pity or forbearance, Although he could'not shirk the fact 'that he'deseered censure, this did not soften' tho' evil- of .her' abandonment of him. She knew he loved her; and shopld have listened to him' with wifely meekness arid tender tub mission that would have softened his heart; he would havel sued 'for pardon, and the chasm of ‘their first happiness would .kayo been ■-ani^etffihgf MntTfcecame a young matron to-be, He could not go so far. even in his thoughts, as to charge Eleanor ivith/untriith'tqwsrds him; yethy nature be was bitterly" jealous, and be. grudged every word and look given to1 another, no matter how innocently bestowed'. These thoughts, ruled him for a time, but after ' a while gentler one* succeeded them. He missed his wife sadly. He. .avoided society, 1 shunned sympathy, and led the lifoof a-recluse. He lived in his dreary, deser ted' boose, given over to the rule of a'grave housekeeper; and read oplthoight or wrote.' He had no hopes, no:aims. .' Hts income supported him, and no necessity forced him to action, so, as the months passed by; he drif ted into sullen ■cyniosm tad miianthrdpy.' Then the bitterness of his heart softened, and he'grew to think of Eleanor with tender regret and' longing. Yet he would not seek her. He. had decided that. Bte was with her fkmilv. but they resided' three hundred mile* distant from him, and he had no eorrte^bndents-in their vicinity.-!' So he could learn nothing of her by chance. :Bnt Eleanor had not'returned to her people., They had Opposed 'her mairiage, and rather than tacitly admit their better sense, she ' chosej tO brnry herself in'on:e hf oargreat cities, ’ Shej waif not agenius, neither had she say- spatial talent. She was an' nnskilful'seamstress, and hl'underered over verbs and' DroblSma ’ when 1 eiamined for a teacher’s certificate. • Life went bardly with her. For many long months . she struggled bravely to maintain herself and little one nor did false pride restrain her from seek ing any :respectiible employment ; but .the strain upon body and mind was too severeher health gayeway and a lingering illness followed, j^nring which she tested vijte_ fuUwtteweitj t^o cgra£oift bestowed upon a.charity^pfltient n i<apbbliqhospital/ A fnemHy.woman lodging 1®.. the* same house Wjjk.bleanor Q**ed for thi little Amy* who,- in spite of poverty; grew and thro>e like** stttrdy plant, and brought.now apil then a ray of sunshine into the dreary ward where lay the wretched mother. No pen can portray tbs unspoken thoughts thronging her tortured brain. She remembered when tender hands had ministered to her in s:ckness, and a Ibve/blrtisod beyond all thers, had surrounded her with purest happiness. Tbs memory of that wretched quarrel' died away. Sho thought only of the conitant lover of her youth, tilc husband whose very jealousy grew out of Ids all-abrorbing love for her* and whose temper had been intensified by her unbending will. A sick bed is a searcher for the soul, and Eleanor Da re saw the past years inarch before her eyes in'spoctral procession, filled with the ghosts of her dead hopes and dreams. Back over her stricken heart flowed that long re prrssrd love in a mighty torrent, and mingled with it was longing for the husband whom she had abandoned. But self-will is a giant vnot easily subdued, and though her weeks of suffering had humbled her to an astonishing decree, she was not quite ready to seek a reconciliation. Hollow-eyed and' haggard she passed out of the hospital and returned to the humble friend who had tended her child, to seek transient shelter and counsel as to the best way of. now earning her livelihood. The woman tdbked at her critically. She was emaciated and pallid from her long illness, and her sunken; ejea, grown unnaturally large and bright, Bought her companioh’sfwith eager inquiry. 44 To toil the truth,Mrfl.CIydew—Eleanor had \- taken her* maiden name—•• I don’t know what you cm' do, in fact. You see that sewing is poorly paid, and you are not much of a band at it, besides ;’ and your health is too poor for teaching if you could get it. I don’t know of anything else exoept housework ; all the shops reem full just now.” Eleanor winced at 'this, feeling the ground slipping from under her feet. 44 Then what will become of mo and Amy ?” “•Well, I don’t" know,’Mrs. Clyde. There is the Working Woman’s Relief Association— perhaps you could find aid there. At anj rate, stay with me until you can turn youc hand to something.” Eleanor thanked her warmly, and went to the association rooms. She was told that she mast produce testimonials of character from some clergyman or well known man or woman before anything could be done. There was no one well enough acquainted with her to give her these—at least, not of the rank in society required by the association, and Mrs. Gray, a poor washerwoman, was out of the question so far as these worthy Pharisees were concerned. Then*for a fortnight Eleanor walked the : streets in her desperate search for some kind of work—any work, decent and respectable,! that might provide the merest pittance. This could not last, however. She had no money, and the needy washerwoman could not long support the two. The sixteenth day after leaving the hospital she suddenly fainted on Iho street, was picked up by a burly policemen and taken to the nearest station, where after a while sbe recovered sufficiently to give an account of herself. A stranger, a fashionably atlired man, had witnessed the incident, followed her, and managed to overhear her story and ascertain where sbe lived. Ho saw that, in spite of her shabby dress, Eleanor was a lady, and when returning’animation warmed the wan feature! into life that 6he was beautiful also, and resolved not to lose sight of her, A few days afterwards Eleanor dropped a bundle Bhe was carrying home for Mrs. Gray, and it was picked up and restored to her by this stranger, whose name was Van Dorm She did not„recognise him; however, audit was not till they had met—by accident on her. part and design on his—several times in the same place that her womanly. instinct took alarm. She altered, her route after that and did not see him for a week. Meanwhile she assisted Mrs.. Gray, starching and ironing the fiuerarticles and fetching and carrying bundles, so that the good woman assured her she made ample compensation for her keeping. But Eleanor w&s; nob satisfied. There was a constant fever in her veins that would not let her rest—a continual fear for the future that kept her awake for hours after little Amy was asleep beside her, and drove the colour from her cheeks and lit maniacal fires in her eyes. Succeeding these feverish intervals were hours of apathetic despair from which nothing seemed to rouse, her. •* • It was during such a period that she again encountered Van Dorn. Tired in body and soul, she was leaning for a moment's rest against a pillar of a vast cathedral, when, in passing, he saw her, turned, and came to her, holding out his hand. . I 41 At last! ” he said eagerly. 44 Where have ^ you been this.age ? Ah, pardon me—I scarcely know you—I have no right to speak, but—” 44 You must not talk to me,” answered Eleanorjlistlessly, letting her hand drop to her side. '4 Please go away. You are following me ( for no good purpose.” . •* This is too cruel. Do not misunderstand me,” cried Van Dorn, more roused than he had | deemed possible. 44 You are suffering—you j heed assistance. Let me.be your friend, and I will prove that I can be faithful,” . have no friends ! ” exclaimed' Eleanor, , shrinking away. 44 Let me alone if you ny pity for me ; l am wretched enough tried to pass him, but he gently"detained ait,” he said, his langour vanishing cora . '• Wait one'moment—there is nobody What it the use' bf beating about the of picking ‘words so carefully. I^et me lonestly; Ohd do you answer me in kind.’ been to the trouble in making inquiries rou, Mira. Clyde, and know that you' have ihd living and a child.' You have chosen me good reason; probably, to leave your d. , Very well, with that I have nothing as.it is.an insurmountable: barner to*my UOpitesikB* *;* a||*itOkt AWTtfioo t - th at: ion you will'soon starve—you'and your You are not able to do the work you can d haye no experience in the work nature rffor you; It follows then that you must charity from one of these sources : The charity'will send you to the almshouse ” nor shuddered—r44 that bestowed by your orking friend-the washerwoman, and bich I offer you: For yourself you might * so much ; hut’ there is your innocent For’ ’whomin a measure you are respou Can you see her suffer when yon might t it, if you would ?” nor turned upon him, all the cold scorn ide flashing from her beaatifnl eyes, for a it transfiguring the pale and wasted ?s. Then, a6 the conviction/wrought by rds gradually impressed itself upon her the burst bf resentful indignation changed as to fear, doubt, repulsion, and at last [jair. Her eyes, full of hopeless longing, not at but beyond him, into the cold, sky. She had 'hitherto forgotten what is was ; hut through the numbness steal cr her,' penetrated the thought that it was ih anniversary . of her marriage..; Was >ihg mad, or'did a voice whisper softly, Eleanor, take thee, Philip*, to be .my d husband, to have and to hold, for richei orer, for better, for worse, in sickness and i to love, honour, and obey, till death dc ampanion. watching her cVosely,-noted iges on her speaking fac*, and under* !m in part. He know that ho roust act and shrewdly, or the - game was lost.’ ied her arm. ... . ■ word from you and your child s future cfanii your trouble, »w Eleanor did 'not answer. * The voices of the singers rehearsing In the cathedral floated softly down to them through the frosty air. The solemn beauty of those tones, the pore and lender memories they awakened, gave hei strength. She broke from Van Dorn and re treated into; the vestibnlp, while he followed slowly, bewildered and surprised, “Are you never going to speak,' or is the alternative oF: starvation to attractive- he impatiently asked. She shivered and recoiled as if from a blow, recalled from her dream of tho past to the stern realities of thb present. What this man said was true ; without assistance she must sood starve. Dared aho send him away ? Oh, what should she do ?' Sho'stood silent; gazing fixedly before her, tom by many distracting thoughts ; then all at once sho again heard that voice, which seemed so real and yet so unreal, and this time it said, “ Eleanor, my wife !” The spell was broken. With a cry sho dashed past Van Dorn and tied from him, thinking only of Philip Dare as sho sped homeward to her child and his. The barrier of her pride was broken down at last, and her resolution taken. Philip Dare stood looking from his library window, though blind to the landscape without, for his heart was full of maddening memories. Ho saw his wife’s fair face, he heard the tones he had loved- so well rising In the sweet songs of early days, 'and a- sob burst from his lips, mingled with hernamc. .. 41 Elcinor—oh, Eleanor ! " ' : Was he dreaming, or had the dream grown reality ? For a woman’s hand touched his arm, and into his face looked the eyes of. bis:yirion, tender, loving, appealing. “ I am here, Philip !‘* Does this mean I am your wife still, forgiven, loved, in spite of all 'the past?” * The transport of his surprise almost stunned Dare, and he coaid hardly persuade himself that this was not the fairest of delusions ; bat as the full realisation came to him he ex claimed— “ Forgiven, Eleanqr, my dearest, my wife ? If there be aught to forgive it was pardoned long ago. Oh, I never dreamed of this happiness ! ” He took into his arms the mother and child, for little Amy had wonderingly followed in , Eleanor's steps, and there in the shadows of the qaiet room, lighted only by occasional gleams of firelight, the reunited pair lifted their hearts in silent thanks Fj God for the happiness that was theirs onc& more.. . : h 