OUR PARIS LETTER. From Our Correspondent. PARIS. 1st August. Tho dead aro the-mont living at prcsont. Tho monument erected to Jules Ferry in his nntivo town, St. Die, in Lorrain, has been inaugurated, and Senator Kugono Soulier, Cambotta's bosom friend, 1ms deitarted for tho land of shadows, from intestinal cancor— a malady becoming rather general among distinguished personages. M. SpuHcr, if not a mighty man in iHrnol, was nn Israelite in- whom tliero was no guilo. Ho really demon strated tho existence and tho utility of con science in public lifo. Ho was among tho earliest and tho most valuahlo pioneers of tho present Rojmblic, Ho nmbitioncd to work rather than to command. His origin was lowly, a peasant's son, born near Dijon, who by priva tions, hard work and sobriety educated him- Helf, became a model journalist, who eschewed personality, trusted to common senso for inspi ration, and to facts and figures to form his judgment. He wroto only to defend a cause — tho Ropttblio, and his ideas, liberty and tolera tion. Ho respected the latter in others, and practised it in his own lifo. IIo waH nn honest, inoro than an able, man. Ho believed in democracy and its education, and bud confi dence iu tho advance of both by loyal, not fanatical, agencies. Tie was several times Minister;/ he was nlwnys ready to accept that ephemeral post if his so doing would servo his country. Whether Ministor of Foreign Affairs or of Public Instruction, once out of ch.co to cuuiiiy riMuineti his simple lifo on a fifth story in a small apartment, onjoyed his bookH, edited his pa por, and worked like a slavo ftt his legislative duties. He never hesitated to frankly express his opinion, oven at tho loss of his popularity. Ho resolved not to lie. His manners and tastes were of Spartan simplicity ; in his friendships ho was solid ; in his differ ences, tolerant and courteous. Rut ho will best bo remembered for his Jonathan affection for Gnmhettu, uiul which was Hiueoroly returned. It is only now tho public lma learned that ho acted tlio role of Mentor towards tho great patriot, who adopted tho councils of his friend, and expounded tliom in thoughts that' hreatho and words that burn for tho benefit of his countrymen. Tlio political director of con- aciencu was ever at hand ; the guide was cstceinod and followed, for tho sngacity of Spullor was intermingled with tlio entrancing oratory of Gamhotta. M. Hpullcr died poor ; his name liover was Bullied with oven tlio whisper of corruption. Ho was contented, so nbovo temptation. Ho lind ono ambition, and that would liavo heon gratified had lie lived— to ho an immortal. Tlio Aoadomy not tlio less can deposit an oak orown on his tomb intortwinod witli a fow laurel loaves. Gamhotta was tlio great spokesman patriot ; .Spullor was tho 11 hours laborer in tho vine yard, all integrity and plodding work. But neither woro statesmen. Tlio third Ro- publio produced but 0110, Julos Ferry, for Thiers was not reared on tlio knoos of Republi canism ; ho rallied to it from royalty. Jules Ferry was a fighting legislator and journalist ; ho was among tho earliest to enlist in tho crow bar and pickaxo brigade that demolished tho Second Empiro, and then ho ardently toiled to erect and fit up the Third Itopuhlio on its ruins. Ho know how to govern because ho know how to foresee. Aa Prefect of I'ariH, ho enabled citizens to hold out when hesiegod, hut tlioy never forgave him.', for tlio mentis ho provided, and tho short commons to which ho whittled down tlio capacity of thoir stomachs. Honco tho first act of the Communists was to try and shoot him. He oscapod as a "clerical," ho tho enemy of clericalism. Ferry was a man of tho mppt virile political courage ; ho lmd a will as strong as tho granite of his nativo V osges. Popu lace clamor and detraction novor frigli toned him ; ho faced all tlio musics. Ho endowed Franco with tlio scheme of free and obligatory primary education and oxpollcd tho unlicensed religious orders. For that the church ever retained for him a milk tooth. But his posterity work will be the founding of tlio present colonial Bystoin of Franco. Ho took over Tunisia, and added Touquin and Annum to Cochin China. For ox- pending lives and monoy on those glories ho was handed over to all tho Eumenidcs. Ho was politically baited to tho ond of liis public life for thus augmenting the domain of Franco. It waa only by a majority of ono that tho Chamber decided to hold fgat tho Indo-Chinese Empire. It was, curious coincidence, by a majority also of ono that tho present constitution was voted. As in tho caso of Gamhotta, tho Republicans killed Julos Ferry. Tlioy crucified him, but not on a "golden oroBS " ; tlioy plaited a crown of thorns and kept it 011 his head till the ove of his death. Democracy dislikes to liavo Sauls— to liavo members witii higher shoulders than any of tho people. . Jules Ferry lived to bo elected Presi dent of tlio Senate ; that was his Pisgali, from whioh ho sow tho national ameiulc honorable, and whero I10 expired, loving France wisely and well. Bizarre world, it is only when great and good men aro phantoms, and have pasBod into tho land of siloncc, that posterity recognises thoir public worth ond unjust treatment. Pity Rliadamanthus only judgos corpses. A fow worda for tlio "quick," Li-hung Chang being amongBt tho liveliest of septuagenarians. His Excellency and staff of 31 persons — his secretaries aro duplicated — liko theatrical artistes entrusted with leading parts aro tho most wide awako Far Easterns that over collectively visited outer barbarians. "Tlioy boo overytliing, hut witli downcast eyes. It is only when conversing that Li removes his goggles. His conversation is monosyllabic. He talks by asking questions, mid economy in tho lattor is .effected by his penetrating and pumping your eyes. He is burly, almost corpulent, as a great Stato. magnate ought to be. Ho appears to ho enveloped in a yellow silk smock — not a decoration 011 his bosom, or upon his lack, liko Swiss admirals ; not a peacock's feather in his (pig) tail ; in his skull cap only a crystal button or diamond "that Jews might kiss and infidels adore;" shoos, tlio beBt Pokin felt. Ho lias novor yot been interviewed, and if Yankco roportors can draw him it will ho the greatest press triumph of A.D. 1830, and will surpass tlio auto matic elcctropiiono advertisement pedestrian that walks Murrc-strcet in Chicago liko a thing of life. Li is a poworfully built man ; it is doubtless to that must he attributed the enor mous amount of lion-visiting ho is able to execute. He never lins tho air of being fatigued or astonished. Hil admimri iB not, liowevor, his motto ; he assorts tlio German army to bo the first ill the.world, and Lyons silks incompar able. Ho accepts samples of some goods, but refuses anything in tho way of presents. It is said that Pokin is full of cominorcial travellers awuiting tlio return of Li, to hook ordors for Hoots and railways. All interpretations, tee., aro stenographed by two native Boribes. Noxt day, Li roads their written out copy and adds his marginal notes. His mission to Westerns is what Americans call "look ing around." IIo will quit Havro so as to land nt Southampton; that is woll- planncd. no will thus boo tlio British navy in nil its glory, and to recognise that Englnnd's " homo is 011 tho deep," when ho visits tho forests of shipping on the Thames and its docks, plus tlio Liverpool nnuexo. Before Li quit his native heath ho fully Btatcd that unless tho European Governments trading with China allowed tho Son of Heaven to augment tho duties 011 their imported goods tho Empiro could not raiBo tlio money to modernise its people, itB industries, and secure bloated arma ments. Tlio Croto-Ialnm Anarchy is a frosli rift in tho European luto. It dopends 011 Greece to set firo to European Turkey. Tho lattor ia so thoroughly dotcstod all round that tho " Greek firo" moy tell. Excepting Russia— and of courso Franco — tho othor four powors are not viewed as being . downright opposed to AthenB being transferred to Constantinople. Austria, that has muoh trade with Orcte, could ho compensated for her disappointment in Stamboul by tho occupation of Salonioa. Beyond those cardinal evils political observers do not go. Every great power is playing for its own hand— and naturally. Making war for an " idea " was played out when Franco under took that magnanimity for Italy, Bocuring in return Nice and Savoy in whioh to frame tho Napoleonic idee, Tho publio nowhoro appears to ho terrified at tlio possibility of any outbreak of war. As to the ovacuation ' of Egypt, tho French now no more allude to that than to tho Shepherd KingB. England is suspeoted to have her arrangements ready c,ut and dry with tho Triplo Allianco to moot all eventualities, cither on tlio side of tlio Mahdi, or even Mr, Krugor. Tlio letter's game of "blull" has long sinoo been played out, and will ho a . tiling of tho paHt before tlio Matabolo become nil Troglodytes. I'riinitivo man found shelter and cemeteries in caverns. Tho rumor is revived that King Leo pold wilt arrange tho Lothairc-Stokcs alfair by according England tlio necessary portion of Bel gian Congo necessary for Mr. Rliodos's through lino from Alexandria to Capetown, It ia hotter for liis majesty to conccdo then liovo to witness n seizure. Tho Venezuelan contro versy is practically regarded as at end since tlio fublicntion of Lord Salisbury's Hccoud Bluo Book. IIo thoro demon strates that at 110 timo had tho Spaniards over oxercised, Hinco the days of I'igarro, even tho ghost of an infiuoiico over Dutch Guiana, which latter tlio British, perhaps, took over ill memory of Admiral 'i'rornp swooping tlio English Channel. Tito French anticipate that Judge Mimroowill noxt place them upon tho cutty stool of repentnnco to explain why tlioy want to oxpand thoir Guiana at tho expense of tlio Brazilian Republic— a triangular duel be tween tho democracies. If tho case ho sot down for hearing tlio French ought to insist that tho litigation .ho concluded within a less cyclo than CO years— tlio duration of tho Venezuelan Jam- dyoo versus Jarndyce. It is good to keep alive on tlio Continent tlio movomont of British Imperialism. Tlio Froncli maintain ,, mnstl'.or.d look out ir. this respect. Germany alfects to turn a blind eye to tlio Colonial Federation scheme, and is satisfied it cannot ho realised. AVbot advances tho im- perialisation of tho British Empiro is the keeping before English-Colonial eyes tlio Octopus appetite of tlio Teuton 111 seizing tho world's trade. Ho has a right to struggle for its enpture, but England has the duty to dispute tlio triumph. Franco cannot do much ; alio hesitates to oomo into tho arena, to tlio open, and do battle. Sho rockB herself in tlio dream land -that her colonies suffice for lior surplus industrial outputs, and excluding tlio foreignor, oven Russia, will doubly liar tho door. France, mid Britain to a certain degree, will not study tlio elements that mnko up Gorman iiusinoss victories ; those, in brief, aim to mako commcrco a technical and educated profession, in theory nB well as in practice, by leaving the transaction of tlint business to none but their own skilled and trained hands, and not to ho too grasping for " big " profits whilo enjoying quiok returns. Tlio Gorman consular sorvico is a modol of patriotio organisation ; its inomhors nro voritablo commercial resident travollers, or Bedontary industrial agents, woll paid, and ho devoted to tho work their country expects them to perform. Othor Hcorot, tlio memhors of Gcrmnn firms aro not abovo doing tlio rough foreign work in turn for tho boneflt of tho Ijoubc. England in these respects will re cover lost ground. But tho French trader is too timid, too chicken-hearted. Ho will not embark witli tlio flowing tido. Tho holief gains ground that England medi tates another grand coup in Egypt, not— for tho preBont at least— stopping tho Sultan's grog, in the way of suspending tho £730,000,000 sterling extracted and squandered as tribute monoy, hut of taking ovor tho entire bonded doht of tlio country. This sho was urged to do wlion sho wound up Arabi I'asha. By doing so oven now sho would case herself of a load of difficulties ond place at tlio disposal of tlio Khedive a fat annual economy that would causo tlio prosperity of tho Nile Volley to march iu seven league boots. ' She runs no risk, her name is sufficient guarantee for tho conversion of tlio 7J por cent, interest bearing bonds into 5 per cent., or paying off the holders who refuse. The latter thoy could nofdo, aB bach bond is redeem able on offering to buy it in nt par. AVero tho French masters of Egypt, liko tlio English, tlioy would effect the conversion before a month. Parisian financiers are astonished why tho British hesitate to save Egypt paying 2k per cent, unnecessary interest on her debt. Carrying that, retrenchment could not ho employed as a weapon to demand tho evacuation of Egypt, but it would ho a curious rcvengo on tho part of the whirligig of timo. Franco affirms, but without documentary proof, that Bhe holds' three-fourths of the funded debt of Egypt; then all sho would have secured after her 15 years of childish, un generous, petty and jealous thwartings of Britain's efforts to make Egypt Bolvcnt and pros perous is only a reduction of 2$ per cent, in the Nile revenue of her rentiers. Call you that a boon and a blessing ? 