KATE CAENEGIE. BY IAN MACLAREN, ; CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) The gallery extended over the pan anu drawingroom, and measured 50ft/- long from end to end. The upper part of the walls was divid ed into compartments by an arcAding, made of painted pilasters and flat arches. -Each compart ment had a motto,- and this was (on one side of cut. urcpiuLv. . . A nice ivyfe and A back doore Oft maketh a rich . _ Man poore. And on the other: Give liberalye To neldfvl folko Denye nano of ,, Them al for lltle Thow knawest heir In this lyfe of what . Chance may the . Befall. , The glory of tlio gallery, however, was the ceiling, which was of the seventeenth . century work, nnd so wonderful that many learned" per sons used to come and study 1t. After the great disaster, when the Lodge was sold and allowed to fail to pieces, this fine work went first, and now no one examining Its remains could- have im agined how wonderful It was,- and In. Its own way how beautiful. Tills ceiling was. of wood, paint ed, and semi-elliptical in form, and- one-wet- day, when we knew not what else to do, Kate and I counted more than 300 panels. It .was an ardu ous labor for the neck, and the General refused to help us; but I am sure that we did not make too many, for we worked, time about, while the General took notes of the figures, and our plan was that each finish ed his tale of work at some amazing beast, so that we could make no mistake. Some of the panels were circles, and they were filled In with coats of arms; some were squares, and they con tained a bestiary of that day. It. .was hard in deed to decide whether the circles or. the squares were more Interesting. The former had the arms of every family in Scotland that had the remotest connection with the Carnegies, and be sides swept In a wider field, comprising David. King of Israel, who was placed near Hector of Troy, and Arthur of Brittany not far from Moses — all of whom had appropriate crests and mottos. In the centre were the arms of our Lord Jesus Christ as Emperor of Judea, and the chief-part of them was the Cross. But it came upon one with a curious shock to see this coat among the shields of Scottish nobles. There were beasts that could be recognised at once, and these were sparingly named; but others were astounding, and above tbem were inscribed titles- such as these: Shoe-lyon, Musket, Ostray.; and one fear some animal In the centre was designated the Ham of Arabia. This display of heraldry and natural history was reinforced by ' tlie cardinal virtues In seventeenth century dress; Charitas as an elderly female of extremely forbidding aspect, receiving two very imperfectly clad children; and Temperantia as a furious- looking person — male on the whole rather than. female — pouring some liquor — surely water— from a jug Into a cup, witih averted face, and leaving little to be desired. The afternoon sun shining in through a western window and lingering among the black and white tracery, so that the,'. marking of a shield came Into relief or a beast suddenly glared dewn on one, had a weird, old-world effect. "It's half an armoury and half a menagerie," said Kate, "and I think we'll have tea in the library with the windows open to the Glen:" And so they sat together In quietness, with becks of heraldry and sport and ancient Scottish classics and such like round them,' while Janet went out and in. "So Donald has been obliged to leave his lclrk," for Kate had not yet forgiven Janet. . "He says its very bad here. I hope you won't go to such a place." ' "What would Donald 'Macdonald be saying against It?" inquired Janet, severely. "Oh, I don't remember — lots of things. He thought you were making too much of the min ister." - "The minister iss a good man, and hass some Highland blood In him, though lie hass lost his Gaelic, and he will -be very pleasant in the house." "If I wass seeing a sheep, and it will be put ting on this side aud thut, and quarrelling with everybody, do you know what'I will-be thinking?" "That's Donald, I suppose. Well?" "I will say to. myself, that sheep iss a goat." And Janet left the room with the laurels of vic tory. CHAPTER V.— CONCERNING. BESOMS. It Is one of the miseries of modern life, for which telephones are less than compensation, that ninety out of a hundred city folk have never known the comfort and satisfaction of dwelling In a house. When the sashes are flying away from the windows and the skirting .boards from ihe floor,' and' the planks below yolir feet are a linger breadth apart, and the pipes are death traps, it does not matter that the walls are covered by art papers and plastered over with China dishes. Tills erection, wherein human beings have to live and work and fight their sins and prepare for eternity, Is a fraud and a lie. No man compelled to exist in such an environ ment of unreality can respect himself , or other people; and if it come to pass that he holds cheap views of life, and reads smart papers, and docs sharp things in business, a;id that his talk he only a clever Jingle, then a pica in extenua tion will be lodged for him at the Great Assize. Small wonder that he comes to regard the world ot men as an empty show and Is f.ull of cynic ism, who has shifted at brief iufervals from, one shanty to another; and never had a-ftt dwelling place all Ills years. When a prophet cometh from the Eternal to speak unto, the Middle Ages, and constructs the other world |before our eyes, he will have one circle In his hell for the build ers of rotten houses, and doubtless' it will be a collection of their own works, so that their sin will be its punishment, as is most fitting and the way of things. Surely there will also be some corner in heaven kept for the man who, having received a charge to build the shell wherein two. people were to make a home, .laid its foundations deep and raised strong walls that nothing but gunpowder could rend in pieces, and roofed it . over with oaken timber and lined it with the same, so that many generations- might live therein In peace and honor. Such a house was the Lodge in those days, although at last beginning to show signs of decay, and it somehow stirred up the heroic spirit of former times within a man to sit before the big fire in the hall with .grjin Carne gies looking down from the walls and daring you to do any meanness, while the light blazing out from a log was flung back from a sword that had been drawn in the '15. One was uncon sciously reinforced in the secret place of his manhood, and inwardly convinced that what cor.eerneth every man is not whether he fail or succeed, but that he do his duty according to. the light which may have been given him until he .die. It was also a regeneration of. the soul to awake In a room of the eastern, tower, where the Carnegies' guests slept, and fling up the win dow, with its small square panes, to fill one's lungs with the snell northern .air, and look down on the woods glistening iri every lqat, and the all V CI IUUULJT JUhl. tUUUICU Uf IIIU'IUII llbCU OUU. Miracles have been wrought in. that- tower, for ft happened once that an Edinburgh advocate qame to stay at the Lodge, who spake after a quito marvellous fashion, known neither in Eng land nor Scotland; and being himself of pure bourgeois blood, the fifth son of a factor, felt it necessary to despise his land, from its kirk downwards, and had a collection of japes at Scottish ways, which in his provincial simplicity he offered to the Carnegies. It seemed to him certain that people of Jacobite blood and many travels would have relished his clever talk, for. it Is not given to a national decadent to under stand either the people he has deserted or the adcient houses at whose door he stands. Car negie was the dullest man living In the matter of sneering, and Kate took an Instant dislike to the mincing little man, whom she ever after wards called the Popinjay, and so handled him with her tongue that his superiority was mightily shaken. But there was good stuff In the advo cate, besides some brains, and after a week'a living in the Lodge he forgot to wear his eye glass, and let his r's out of captivity, and at tempted to make love to Kate, which foolishness that masterful damsel brought to speedy con fusion. It was also said that when he went back to the Parliament House everyono could understand what he said, and that he got two briefs in one week, which shows how good It is to live in an ancient house with honest people. "Is there a ghost, dad?" They were sitting before the Are In the hall after dinner — Kate in her favorite posture, leaning forward and nursing her knees. The veterans and I thought that she always loked at her best so, with her fine eyes fixed on the fire and the light burning her face into relief against the shadow. We sa i/ her feet- then— one lifted a little from the ground— and V C. declared they were the smallest you could , find for a woman or her size. "She knows It, too," he used to say, "for when a woman has big feet she always keeps them tuck ed In below her gown. A woman with an eight size glove and feet to correspond Is usually a paragon of modesty and strong on women's rights." "Kate's glove is number six, and I think it's a size too big," broko In the colonel— we were all lying in the sun on a bank below .the beeches at the time, and the colonel was understood to be preparing a sermon for some meeting — "but it's a strong little hand and a steady;' she used to be able to strike a shilling in the air at revolver practice." "Ghost, lassie. Ob, in the Lodge, a Carnegie ghost— not one I've ever heard of; so you may Sleep in peace, and I'm below, if you feel lone! the first night." (To bo continued.) 