LTTEHATUEE. REVIEWS. HENLEY BEGATTA ILLUSTBATEO, The names of Messrs. Diokinson and Foster will be familiar to many of our readers who are interested in works of fine art by their spirited pictures, with portraits from life of Asoot and Goodwood, Lord's Ground at a great match, the Four-in-Hand Club, meets of famous packs, and the great sohools and Vtti.*. •versitieB, But of all their publications none rank higher than their series of oil paintings of Henley, containing 380 portraits from lifb^ which took two years to complete. By the courtesy of Mr. E. G. Blaokmore, Chair* man of the Bowing Association, we have had the opportunity of inspect ing the very fine engravings of the original pictures. They are four in number, entitled "TheStart," "The Finish," 41 After a Race," "The Island." "The Start" has for a background the island, with the willows rustling in the summer ait, and the water gleaming in the sunlight. Ih the foreground is the umpire's lailnbh with Messrs. Goldie and Willan, thp officials, while Tinne, the famous Oxford heavyweight of the sixties, and L&batof; Dublin, who was the' first to discover the promise of Haulan, are scanning the Trinity Hall and Tltames Fours waiting'tor the word. 41 The Finish" represents tho pnd of the record race for tho Grand Challenge, when Leandor beat London in the fastest time, to this day unequalled. Mr. Fenner, of the LondoD Rowing Club, is ir. the act of dropping the flag; Leander has just eased, while London are putting in the last stroke. This picture contains a large number of portraits, all from / life, including tho crows. We cannot attempt ' to enumerate, but conspicuous figures are Mr. Lehmann, the famous coach for.Leandor and Oxford, Mr. Evans, the Audley coach, both correspondents of Mr. Blackmoro; the great London Four, Lo B. Smith, Stout, Gulston, and Long, and others known to f amo. In tho background appears the boAtliouses, the Red Lion, the scene of such festivities after tho regatta, and tho tower of Henley Church, crowded with spectators. ''After a'Race" is a marvellous representation of a marvellous scene, when the water of the river is hardly visible for the crowd of boats. That repre sented is about tho end of Phyllis Court, with a long lino of house-boats stretching as far as the Island, to which a couple of fours" are literally threading their way. Here again wo encounter the faces of men whose names are familiar as household words in aquatic circles. Tho last, and to our thinking tho most beautiful and effective, is " Tho Island." The predominant feature is of course " Tho Temple," with its balcony on which roses cluster, with its bosky setting of trees and shrubs, backed by the wooded landscape. The Eton" and Radlcy "'Eights" are dropping _ down to the station, the former, including two future , strokes of the Oxford Eight, not to mention others who developed into Putney oars. Among the spectators are scores of 'Varsityoars, including almost in its entirety a famous Cambridge eight, Dr. Warrc, Woodgato, and others. To future generations these pictures will convey a splendid idea of Honley as it was at the close of tho nineteenth century, to rowing men of the present day they will revive pleasant memories, and to others they will make intelligible the wonderful attraction which tho regatta proves to residents in tho old country. "MADKr/w," by Mary E. Wilkins (Bell's Colonial Library), is a sensational American story, tlie scene of which is a village in Ver mont. The Hautville family were said to have Indian as well as French blood in their veins, although it was a long way back in history since the first Hautville, who was of a noble French family, had espoused an Iroquois girl. In consequence of this the family were looked upon with some avorsion by the people whose blood had flowed in one course for generations. Mad el on, the heroine, was the only daughter, a lovely, dark- eyed brunette, in whom the passionate qualities of both races for good and evil are combined. Two brothers, Burr and Lot Cordon, are rivals for her hand; the one is manly arid handsome, the other rich and consumptive. The book, which is full of dramatic situations, is a striking one, and will not be forgotten as soon as read. The plot is ingenious, whilst Lot Gordon, the con sumptive, is a well-drawn, original, and puzzling character. In the first part of the work events move slowly, and seem to repeat themselves, but in the latter part scones tragio and pathetic follow in quick succession. Miss Wilkins is no apprentice at novel-making; but, deeply interesting as "Madelon" is, we are inclined to think that in this her latest work the talented authoress shows a decided falling off since she penned the delightful "Pem broke." Perhaps her winning of the prize for the best detective story some little time ago is responsible for the signs of degeneration. "Battlement and Tower," by Owen Khoscomyl (Longmans, Green, & Co.).— In this story of Wales tho author displays an in timate knowledge of the legends and manners of tho Welsh during the time of the Great Re bellion. The personalities of Howel and David, of Barbara, Morva, Ynyr, and Dickon, the principal characters, are well presented, and the daring feats of the old Welsh bowmen are narrated in a stirring and readable manner, To write a work of this kind requires infinite labour and research, and every page proves that Mr. Rhoscomyl has not shirked the moie laborious part. The frontispiece, by Caton Woodville, is a superior production. "The Australasian Pigeon Guide," by Walter Fry, contains a lot of useful information which will be found of much practical value te breeders, amateurs, and pigeon fanciers genorally, and from it we gather that the breeding and cultivation of the Columbarian genus has made the greatest strides of advancement during the past few years. The book opens with the remote history of the bird, and we find it figuring on Egyptian bas- reliefs nearly 3,000 B.C., and was sacred to the Goddess of Natu re. Feeding and management, housing, mating, and the diseases of pigeons are dealt with, and the in dividual merits of carriers, homers, dragons, An twerps, and scores of other varieties ass fully explained,' whilst the numerous illustra tions by A. J. Compton are exceedingly well done. All of these works have been received through Messrs. George Robertson & Co., who are also the publishers of the last-mentioned. Students of Australian history will welcome tho appearance of tho story of " A First Fleet ' Family," edited by Messrs, Louis Becke, the author of numerous stories of life in the South Sea Isles, and Walter Jeffrey, another colonial aspirant to fictional fame, as issued by Mr. T. Fisher Uhwin. Sergeant Dew, theoriginalof the narrative, was one of the members of the Royal Marine Light Infantry selected to accompany the first fleet of-ships dispatched from England with convicts to New South Waies, and tho story of tlio voyage and his subsequent adventures form a very valuable sequence to the third volume of the history of Now South Wales, recently published by the colonial Government. To add to the value of the book an interesting account of the voyage ^Aistbricafly ccrrect,bat . wd u told by Sergeant ttaaioenda in pathos many lesof the present day, and , u,-'m Msen»cyand truth to life fixes the attention way Ibat stamps the work as : alihHwyproduetion of the first order. ; -/ v"A Qoaswoi* at Faith," by I/. Dongall. Hot«bui*on AOs.,Xondon. Itwastbewish. af both Hal Harvey's and Alice Bolitho's parente that tbeystiould marry. Hal is * good-looking, tensibla young artist,andAlice . . is astrong-iiriuded giri who Bad taken a degree at Camhcxdge. Alice lives in the country, and . Hal, who resides in London; pays her a visit. Neither of them liked the. idea of being married by family arrangement; but on closer acquaintance, however, they begin to care for earn other- Harvey is much struck with a Wild bitofaoenery sotneihree miles from Alice's home. One day while engaged in pain ting it Miss Bolitho runs past him with a face so white that he hordly knows whether it is a woman or a ghost. The cause of Alice's terror was that as she walked. along a dangerous path in the vicinity an old man sprang suddenly irom behind a bush, and seized her aim. "Listen, girl, "the man's eyes glared at her, she felt bis hot breath with bis words, "My son and I are hunted to death. We have taken refuge in a cellar of a ttrad hut on the heath yonder. My son is dying; , he will never walk again in the light. Dying! do you know what that means? No matter what he has done.' They would catch him and drag him, dying as he is, into courts and j prisons if they could. We are starving, starv ing ! Do you know what that means?" They | are standing on the edge of a precipice, and I the girl, wno is in fear of her life, repeats a j solemn oath which the man administers. She j binds herself to supply the fugitives with food, and to keep the secret. "Listen," said | the man: you keep this word you , have said, and I snail keep my son long enough to teach him a thing he needs to 1 know—a thing that will redeem his soul. I will teach him what love and mercy mean, and j he will understand God's justice, and it will redeem his soul. You break these words you have spoken—and ' His tones, now threatening, stopped; he looked wildly towards Heaven. Alice tries to induce her lover to paint elsewhere, but he refuses. The consequence is that in fulfilling her oath by secretly carrying food to the hut he sees ber speaking to a man. She also goes out at night by herself and refuses to satisfy Harvey as to her mysterious proceedings. Alice thinks that her lover should trust her implicitly, whilst he thinks that she should have no secrets from him. Distrust and estrangement now set in. In delineating the characters in the work before us Miss Dougall displays her keen analytical powers to perfection. Of course, a new book by the talented authoress of the " Zeisk Geist" and " Beggars AH" is sure to be welcomed, but the reader will hardly find her latest work so entrancing as either of those. Thb "Windsor Magazine."—The August number of this favourite publication contains a beautifully illustrated article on the Aus tralian cricketers, in which "our GeoTge" figures prominently, from the pen of Fred A. McKenzio. " There is not a teetotaller in the team," says the writer, " although one or two are almost abstainers, and the devotion of all to the soothing weed is remarkable. On the matter of diet most take up the simple rule, 'eat what you 'ike and what agrees with you.' Clem. Hill promises to be the Grace of the coming generation. Trumble is 6 ft. 3 in., Eady C ft. 2 in., and Gregory D ft. 5 in." The article throughout is highly laudatory. The number opens with " Leading Barristers of To-day," the photographic reproductions of whom are excellent. There is a further in stalment of the interesting "Captain Shannon," and Guy Boothby concludes the thrilling story of Dr. Nikola. "Cabby Chronicles" are very amusing, and a complete tale, entitled "A Quaint Engagement" is pleasant reading. " Rising Stars" deals with Dr. Hume, a youngster of twenty-eight, who is Chief Demonstrator in Geology at the Royal College of Science, and Lord Hugh CeciJ, M.P., a younger son of the Prime Minister, who has just made his maiden speech in the House of Commons, Capital portraits of each are given. Devotees both of music and the Church will each find pleasure in " The Guildhall School of Music" and the "Archbishop of Canterbury," both articles profusely illustrated from photographs. "Bevendge's Bicycle" is very short, but deliciously humorous. The numerous other articles, grave and gay, are all worth reading, notably the " Building of an Atlantic Liner," and "The Editor's Serapbook" is as light and racy as ever. We may here take the oppor tunity of mentioning that the publishers, Messrs. Ward, Lock, & Bowden, are about to issue a new illustrated story of Australian child life, written by M. Ella Chaffey, of Remark. _ Rotat. Weeding Literature.—The mar riage of the Princess Maiid of Wales and Prince Charles of Denmark was the gTeat sensation of the London season of 1896, and the illus trated papers in recording the ceremonials Lave risen to the occasion- From Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son we have received copies of the special numbers of the Illustrated London News and Graphic, which alike from an artistic and literary point of view constitute a splendid memorial of the historical event. The covers are particularly attractive, presenting as they do portraits of the Royal pair, sur rounded by tastefully arranged floral decora tions. The descriptive matter supplies in teresting details of the families and personal histories of _ the Prince and Princess, and all the leading incidents in the wedding festivities are made the subjects of charming process pictures. The likenesses of the bride and bridegroom, the bridesmaids and groomsmen, and of the distinguished personages talcing part in the wedding—from Her Majesty the Queen down to the most youthful members of the Royal houses of England and Denmark— are reproduced with lifelike fidelity. It would be an invidious and by no means easy task to attempt to decide which of the rival publica tions has been the more successful in its efforts to do justice to the marriage, but one popular feature of the News'* special number, which has no counterpart in that of tUSLfraphic, is a inost tastefully arranged coloured presentation plate, containing admirable portraits of the Frince and Princess Charles. 