Tho old order cJumgelh nnd glvctli place to tho now. It la truo we lmvo celebrated Prlnco of Wales's Blrthdtiy, but after what fo-nhlon? Look at either morning paper, and you will be grlovcil and oppressed by the ntacuce of the usual leading article on the ITcir to tho Throne. , Ouo of our confreres, by' tho way, used to fancy that tho Birthday furnished a proper oeen.slou for eatlrls lng certain of Ilia Itoyal nighncss's prlvato habits. To-duy on both sides there Is a (load Bllonce. The "Argun," It is true, drags In tJio Prince as n sort of adjunct to an article upon tho federal situation, tells ub what His Royal High: ness would say woro bo appealed to. If it were only Hugh Nelson whoyood that no doubt he would be profoundly Im pressed. But he is'alrcady Sir nugh ! What's Ilebuca to him or he to Qebuca? Yes, one does sorely mlssthcao'Btrthdny articles. ... l'y tbo way, could not the Prince's Birthday, llko that of tho Quean, be signalised by a 1«700? Lord Itrassey might consldor whether "on An occasion llko this" n fmm.ll urmy of people are not consumod by a burning anxiety to pay their respects to the Q.uocn's Ilt-presim- tatlve. The chance— that is, 'such a chance as a levee gives— Is riot afforded on the Otb of November. But the ; suggestion should last of all . coma from us. So uninterestingly trouble some from the journalistic stand point ore levees that wc could nbnost put us a set-off against their abolition the saving of the temper of reporters called upon to - appear In dress clothes In the raw morning day- iiglit,to say . nothing about .the saving of the compositors' curses as they. strug gled savagely through turbulent oceans ; of proper nnmes. ."What, however, of the customary field mojimuvrcs? Behold It is Prince of Wales's Birthday, oiid we hear only of regimental parades. 'Why Is this thus? Sir Charles! -rinylng cricket, eh 7 j '-There was ? no "salute" to officially/ proclaim the holiday, but the Itynl Standard "fluttered' In the breeic" from tho flagpole "at. : Governmout4Iou.se, nnd quite a number of folks wo know repeatCKlly took occa sion during, the day to loyally drink the Prince's .health ! ..Oh, there is life, and vigour In tho colony yet, also cakes and ale I , , . Wo should very umcli like, to believe that Sir .Hugh Nelson will allow him self to be persuaded by the Premiers of the other colonies. Cuudldly speaking, wo think it more likely that ho will re sent what his press friends call non federal pressure or dictation from out side. Beyond all argument, Queensland hun a clear right to say either, that she will come Into or stand out of the pro posed Convention, or tho federation which it Is hoped It will make possible of early accomplishment. When, In JSG7, tho Dominion of Canada was constitut ed, only lialf tho provinces, and none of tho territories, wcra Included In the fede ral pact British Columbia, sPrinec 13d-, ward Island, 'and tiiu north-west terri tories, have sliico come In. Newfound land alone stands out— because her finan cial .position has become such that terms of union, easy at .first, are diffi cult now when she really seeks en trance Into the Doinluiou' fold. It Is ciiifto worth the while of Qucenslaridorfl to. bear that iu inlml. Plainly, Queensland Is entitled to do as she thinks fit. Not only. Is her Pre mier worse than half-hearted, but, it seems to us, her public tuen are either Indifferent or hostile, it l« a great pity, but there is nothing like looking facts fairly In the face; ,lf; within the next few days,- it Is demouslrated that - wo arc quite wrong, that the northern col ony is fliilv aelzotl of ihn fiilvntHntroa nf federation, and seeks: nothing belter than the opportunity of Joining with her southern nelglilx>rs,wo sliull boveryglad Indeed. Our apology for entertaining any distrust will be equally prompt nnd sincere. Meanwhile, it Is to Mr Hold that wc must look. His colony Is 'committed' to ilia Convention, project, and that . Queensland is reluctant - Is quite Insufficient reason for inaction by the New South Wales Premier. Tho People's Convention, at Bifthurst, this month, comes more opportunely than Its promoters -.imagined, Mr Held . and other Mlnlsters'are to attend it, and the Convention will do splendid work If It keeps Mr Held on (he plain path of duty. Under all'thc clrcuioHlanccs, ought not Mr Turner to rc-consldcr tbq decision Hint no member of tho Vljtortnn Go- vernmen cnu be "spared" to attend tho BatUtirst Convention ? . .Matters eerie, BplrUmillstlc and cere ment-bursting, bnvo been dull in Liicso colonles for a year or two. Whero is Mrs Mellon? In tlie old country, .wo aro clnd to observe, ghosts still entertain" a laudable respect for the traditions of their race, and "walk by night." The latest Instance appears to ho one vouch ed for by a Mr Thomas Lucas, who dales from Mansion House Clmmbors, Tendon. The spectre which enmo under his review Is thus alluded to In one of the papers:— The phost, to begin wM'h, appeared about trie hour when churchyards yawn; It nr-umed the form of a woman— ghosts nrarly always do; was dressed In some phi In garment which "might have been a ehroud:" wore a sad expression— were irliosts ever known to smile?— and Irartng uitercd "a deep slgti" like a gulMy -thing. mrtt»»d Into nothlnqnew. This h as It s|ro"tft b?. nihl tbo fnnt that the occupant of tho hon-so la in possession of a famllv secret which onnnot lx rrvf<ilf»fl ,,nh thnt he won a-bte n<Jrt n>m-n1ng to pro- diiew a certain picture which wna iui t>x- cr'l»nit nortrslt of the iwyrtorloUH visitor, only ndds to tho cpniPleten<v»s of fhe tn vrtrfy. Mr Lucas says ho "nwalta an evtvbinottaTi.." but we note that his flrst Imnrcrion of the rrhost xra.q that It wns a "patch of moonlight." Wo cannot prevent the suspicion obtrud ing Itself thnt this writer Is poking fun at Mr Lucas's ghost What n terrible thing It Is to live In a world so hard, un sympathetic, sceptical and cynical as this lias become! Ghosts aro at a dis count. 