FREE SPEE6H. BLUBBER AND SQUEAK. That this colony is mostly ran on tbe groat and glorious principles of blabber and equeak is a fact that may not have struok Clipper readers as often or as bard as it might have done. The tricks of childhood diner to Tasmania like the sins of the fathers, and to get what we want by any other means than blubbering for it is as foreign to our collective nature as the abolition of perks is to the average politician. V If the Tasmaniao ' free and en lightened '' elector wants anything in the Bhaps of an appointment in the Civil Service, or a few chains of foundation done against bis gate, or a culvert, or a drain, or any thing at all that bears a name, he immediately begins io blubber for it, and if be blubbers loud enough the representative of his district iu Parliament is in duty bound to squeak for and on behalf of the aforesaid ' free and enlightened.' Sometimes the squeak produces re sults, sometimes it doesn't. It all depends on the influence of the squeaker with tbe Ministers ; and the size of that influence depends to a large extent on the size of the blubber. %* Under these circumstances it is in no way surprising that a well timed and spontaneous blubber is considered the correct ticket in our very orthodox social tangle, and that no other method stands a thousand to one show of fetching a State subsidy at the present junc ture. We have been so long accus tomed to go with hat in band and sleeve in eye to beg and blubber for our necessities that the man or the body of men who could convince such a revolutionary doctrine as to demand anything from either Church or State would be promptly escorted to the nearest lunatic asy lum and kept there until a repeu tent return to the orthodox and truly national frame of mind was made abundantly evident. V Throughout the whole of Tas mania there is no well defined body of citizens; in a position to demand anything. This is because their power is rendered nugatory by the insidious influence of blub ber and squeak. There is no unity and apparently no power of organi sation. One farmer distrusts another, one wage-worker distrusts his mate, and the professional and commercial men and gamblers do likewise, only, if possible, more so. The unity, therefore, likely to exist between any two or more of the above sections of society can be imagined — in fact, it has to be imagined. It is a spook that so tar has not materialised, and yet per haps its is a ghost of old-time tradition that will not be laid. Bat that paradoxical phase of the ques tion, apart from disreputable and dangerous disorganisation of inte rests, does exist, and must continue to exist while one man hopes to be able to blubber loader than his neighbor, and thus get his own mean little tarn served. V Society in this progressive colony mostly consists of a queer three cornered combination, the like of tv liicli no man ever saw before. Tlu-ie are those who blabber, those who squeak, and a great, idol. Iu the beginning, those Who blubber built the great idol, and fixed hinges on its arms and on its jaws — especially on its jaws, and taught it to repeat a meaningless formula about self-reli-ince. And they agreed to keep the jaws of the great idul for ever working, and promised to let the great idol distribute their giods fairly amongst them. Then they set tde squeakeis to torment the great idol into dividing the cul vers, diaiiiR, bridgi'B, advertise ments, laud grab railways, and tilings like that to each according to his — no nut to his needs, but to each according to his Uubber. Of course the squeakers bad to be fed as well as the great idol, so the blnbberers have to blubber louder than ever to keep themselves from starving. So it goes on, and the re sult is that this is a land of piteous whines and blubber and squeak, full of a greedy grasping set of tom-fools, who ought to sit down and laugh at themselves for an agreeable change, and try to remember where ou earth they left their common sense and how they are going to jecover it anyhow. There is more servility to the square acre in Tasmania than in any other presumably intelligent com munity on this side of sundown. The' attitude of supplication is growing bo fast on us thai, if the evil is not checked, future genera tion* of Tasmanians will crawl in tike dust on all fours and chew grass rather than eet up and go home to dinner. Where this will end nobody has the remotest idea, but scientists from other lands will probably set it down to atavism aggravated by a laohrymose degen eration of blubber and fqueak, and put us iu luMeunis along with other curiosities. Then whatabont itf Or rather, to bo more to tbe point, what about it now ? The whole trouble can be traced to in dividualism run mad, and the en tire absence of the facalty of orga nisation iu oar citizens. Until it is more generally recognised that only those who have rights dare main tain them in manly manner, as free men and not as crawling serfs, can anything in the way of reform ever begin 10 happen in this colony. The great idol can do no thing to help it. It is at present a mere penny-in-theslot machine worked by a vast amount of blabber and a hideous chorus of squeak in in the interests of — the slot ! 