OUR COOLGARDIE LETTER. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) COOLDGARDIE, January 21. THE INQUEST ON TAGH MAHOMET. The inquest on the body of Tagh Mahomet, which closed last Saturday with a verdict of wilful murder against Goulam Mahomet and the discharge of Sur Wah, was interesting and picturesque. The prisoners, who wore the Afghan turban and loose white trousers, with a long European coat, stood side by side in the dock, Sur Wah smiling and con- temptuous, Goulam calm and indifferent. "Me good man, Tagh bad man," said Goulam to the policeman who arrested him. "God look after me. Tagh shoot me if me not shoot Tagh. Me go to Heaven." Truly death is "the gift of God" to this apparently half-witted Afghan, whose sleepy eyes rested on the little crowd of sightseers while Shiek Ali, in broken English, interpreted the depositions of Mulla Maj et, the priest, and of other Afghans, presenting them with the Koran instead of a Bible, eliciting facts already well-known to the public. It would appear that the murderer owned two camels, while the brothers Faiz and Tagh Mahomet were importers of both camels and Afghans in large numbers, and the lesser man was jealous of the bigger man, and fostered his jealousy until it became a passion. All passion is akin to madness, and although the murder seems to have been deliberately planned and carried out, it is alleged that for some time previous Goulam behaved like one distraught, and had the fixed idea in his brain that Tagh had offered £2,000 to someone to murder him. Dr. Ellis is engaged to give medical evidence for the prosecution and Dr. Gibson for the defence, and when these medicos visit Perth for the trial—the beginning of April—there will no doubt be some pretty skirmishing between them on the question of insanity. Now we only know that as Tagh, the stout, good- natured, much- be-jewelled Afghan merchant, turned to face the rising sun in the little mosque near his tent Goulam shot him in the back, and that crying "Hadji," Hadji" he gave up the ghost. OPENING OF THE ROYAL EXCHANGE The Royal Exchange was opened on Satur- day night, and the vestibule of Coolgardie Chambers was crowded for half an hour ; but very little business was done. Mr. Harvey, of Messrs. Trevena and Co., presided, in the absence of Mr. Frank Smallpage, who has gone to England. Few important mining men were present at the open call and those who esrtailod their holiday o» accooLt of a rutDQPtad boom ia the Eastern colonies regret the Osborne Hotel and Hay- street. The hotels are half empty, and ti Ive th^ bars baye boen ve:y quiet, tbe men nhi Odin« in tor eiemptùn having epstit tLe.r little all and being ou the tramp baok to t ie mice ; the " morgue," a plac« behind a Cool gard e td el, a paos where the pr<. c ¿es known as " sobering up " is supposed to tak« place. "THE FEVER WON'T BOOM." Fever is muoh leea prevalent this year, thai-ka to improv d sanitary arrangements. Deaths do not outnr ev«-ry day. lu fact, it is mmcareá th*t the grave-digger is looking out for another billet. " I'm afraid the fever won't boam at all this year," tighod an amateur HUCSP, WHO raked in the golden guineas last . lever season. Tbe private hospital baa about tan patient.-, and the Government Hospital about eeveuty-fi^et. THE GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL. Toiogs work delightfully rmooth'y at th« lat'er place since the Government bec ima responsible f-r it. The patienta make 10 complaints, and the nnr.-ing etaff (which on. eiste of tevtnnnrees an< five wardsmen) gnes satisfaction. About 120 patients hive be n admitted fr<m tbe first of D?o?mb*r to the pr« sent ti-e, and of these only ten bave die 1. Four died of fave , tHO of euustrike, two of dysentery, one of drop-iy, ai.d one of a!coboli-m. Dr. McNeil is siill in Per b, and Dr. Ellis has charge of the hospi'a' during bia abseiio?. Some of the improve- ments at the Government Hospital call for notice, more e-pecially the new »psrati- g theatre and the morgue. The paying ward baa been done away with, and tue paying and non-paying patients are now mixe4 lagether, and neither nurses nor wardsmen ktow who paya and who does not unless ti e pitieni» adveitisa the fact the-Belves. The tule ia for patini ts to pay aouoraiug to their manns, and mist cieea are admitted without. &ny; payment. The term "pauper" has born banished, and we are not likely to seo ag ia an advsitiai ment for *' pauper ooffinj." SLY-GKOG SELLING. It ia rnm ured tfeat the Warden inteidi to enftroo ihe law with regard to sly grog ship , giving three' mouths' imprisonment for the firs. < ffenoe, and eix months if tue lav ia put asid* the seco d time by tbe ladies «ho run ttese establishments. Fines are u-eless, the pt cenix rieiiig again eirtotly a ron customer pate bia baud in Kia ptcktt. Pitaon alone eau o'op the mest not- rions .p'aoaï, and the ely.grog ladies are boanning t) bj mote c tierul, knowing that Mr Finerty ia a, mau of his wor*. Tt>e popularity of euch place« arises from th* freedom tb>y gUe to men in the matter of "rbontimr." It is n t e i quette to " shout " in a sl> -grog tbop, 60 rai n oan fon gather there withoac a<>y a rio-s drain on th'ir financeB. Every second place that adceitises "6 f; drinks" is su e to supply "lime-juioe1' on demii.d, or to sugg« st "'a Btick" in addition to non-alcol ol c bt ve» gea. It ia almost impossible for girls and women to make money honestly on a goldfield, and to sell liquor without a license seems to the majority of women quite legitimite. They draw a distinction between " r«-8|. ectablo" an t *. non refpeotable" e-ly grog plaoce, and the other day. a l-.ttie Loy was beard e>bouting 4* sly gtog" outûde a Bau vus house, to tbe aiaoyinoe ef tbe ¡lima* es. His own mother kept a rival establishment, but he explained to the oolice mau that the pi %ce he obj c ed to w.B no1 respectarle, while his mother W.B ail r gil '. bui for the -- licsnfce." , . ' "AIN'T A FIT PLACE FOR WOMEN." Apropos of boys, it is no ewor hy thit many of the youngsters make a good living selling newspapers, two and three pounds a week. One small boy who tramped from Southern Cross and ba ches with some more of his own age, explained to a lady that he sent half his money to his mother, who is a widow, but he would not bring her here be- cause "Coolgardie ain't a fit place for women." WATER AND WOOLGANGIE. Water is-53. a gallon and will be sixn'-rne nnl-ss rain oi mea Vrry soon. The rai al a 1 tram 'h' Stn to the 17ch put l8 itch s o' water into'the G'jvrnmrnt tanks, but these aie once n.o e unpy. No Wdte- w<s ecn perv-d at Kal¿o'r.ie, the Wht^ Feather, or Me: z'Ofl, but at Ballar til ing 145,000 ïullcriif ware consei ved, at Woolgangie "670,000, at Boorah' in 80,000, at Keen's Soak 270,000, aid at 25-Mile 300,000. This su| ply has le movtd tbe congestion from Coolgardie, and we no longer ee * horses and cam-is mador I rostrate from thirst. Ihtse who wi n»eted t< e witr famine at Woolgangie are not l.kely to forget the wild s'amprde of the poor. be-BIB to ile watnring places, and their s'rngg'es there. Now ia the bueh ¿ead and emaciated horses hear witne-8 to what the poor animt's eadured before a few soanty shower B fell on this Bindy wi'dirnees. BREAD, MEAT, AND DAMPER. Bread has gone np to tenpecc? a l'-af, and damper is once more the staple food ia camp. M^at remains about the fame piica as it is in P rth. THINGS POLITICAL lie dormant for the nonce, the National League waiting to see if Sir John Forrest <t ill keep his promises and Mr. Vosper, of the long hair, having taken separation down to Perth ia bis pocket. But its minen are very swe on the subject of the extended ex-mption. Certainly it i* better for master« tbpn f. r men, and when people ask, " Why don't the men go out prospecting P'' it ÍB forgotten that the poor fellows have worked h»rd for ten months oa " tinned dog" and condensed water, and r re not in a fit condi- tion to prospect in water-'amithed districts. This dry climate saps the energies, is ener vating, and bnt for the cool nights would be impossible to live in. Removed from dome stio life, the men are apt to spend their savings in fthi-ky, for the masterB have no monopoly of intoxicants. THE WOMEN ABB COKING TO TOWN. Coolgardie baa been wonderfully orderly during tbe exemption, although tbe weather has been excessively hot and oppressive. Now the men are preparing for another year of hard work, and some are sending for " the miseue-"" Every day more women arrive ia Coolgardie, and on« wonders what tbey com» for. Nurses and bai maids bave »eonred all he available husbands,sbopsare overcrowded with "hands," untiained nurses are at a diecouat, and bars have applications galore for situations at £t 10s. a weit. Washing is the only open c-.ll lor the fair sex at pre- sent, ace Japs are beginning to «opplant the ftlite women in the laundiiee. The (''aye when washing was a JS a dez'n are pa t, and now washerwomen efaabe tb»ir beads over wa-er bille, and prefer to look after the " bcBí." Theie is rrom for thoaeezids of men, bnt it i« difficult to eee wbeie «ed how tbe I women can earn a living. WAGES AND MINERS. Th* «ago for miners around tfa's district is £% 10s. a week, with water. There is j much talk amonpst the men concerning the I manning of ieateB. Monopolisers will not be | able to plead want of hands, and c< mpaniee ¡ will no longer be alla to "shepherd." The | Warden muet listen wheo men go to him tor j work, so the more men who come up the better for the miners of the district. CLAUSE ELEVEN. Of course, by far tbe mest live question heie ia tbe registration of t an«fers in Pertb, and quick despatch of business. Mining men eay that teoti n 11 was sprnr-g epen th¿m unawares, and also that the wording cf the section is ambiguous, inaamu h as sob settiun 1 cf eeotiin 11 states that the mining registrar of rach goldfield should keep a cemp'ete record of all leases, et.;., and tberi the section vti.ida np with stating that ill dealings should be registi red in P rtb bofcre .i> ing lecognised a* va'ii; ant by sub-eec «tien 2 no aots or dasl ngs would be receg. nize i nttil r gie er. d ia Pertb. It is contended h<re wi h the pre.-ent congested 8t!,t; of the petal arrangements thi delay oaneçd by the transmission of documents, and the uncertainty of eearches made at the ciffiees through tbi-t delay, will te very serious catt ¿ra for the inhabitants of tbe gt>la6elds. OtUer dealings may have taken phv e between ti e time ti e . eaic'i is made anJ the time it ia recbivid by the eearcher», or bu-iness oompleted on snob searches. M n Hill not truqt to it Se po>t, but will go to Terth them selves-to achieve the transfers of leases, and, ODO' thore, they will not come back in a hurry. Of course all thii is good for Pertb, but it is likely to paralysa all dealings in g< Id-mining leases oa the goldfields. It waa also a little tough to oall our reg'B'rars, who have given complete satisfaction, " in- competent." Mr. Compton is now Acting- Warden, and we could not have a better rep'esentativeof Mr. Finnerty, who, it is to be hoped, is going to have a well-deserved holiday after a residence of twenty-one years in this colony. 