' f#i-OKEEN.v [?] ?'??;? Vr XL ?;:.';BY..EbNA;^UYA^iti. ': ? -' . : (Am,' Rights Reserved.) -^CHAPTER IX. (Continued.) ?Now you understand me,' said Max. ?triumphantly j ' now you realise that '.' ? grudging fooling of which you acoueed tne.' i 'But to bo a 6iDgnr i^ ray vocation,1 : ' ' ; aaid! Doroen, musingly ; ' I am as cer tain of that ns that wo ar« talking to ? '~ gether at this moment. I couldn't bo n ?painter, or a governess, or ado-nothing ?'?? fnrt of nir o i. or a nun. Even before ? . Iho Caatle Kuroy days I know quite well ';??'? ' that I had to bo a Ginger.' ? Yet you own that you would not .-..'?'?'?.? ?wriau ouo you lovo to take up the ? .; .? ; ' work?' ''??'?.';.. « If it wero their vocation, they woi'ld ? '.; ? ' bo obliged lo tnko it. up, but I hope it .????'? will not bo their apociol work. I would \- ??' v / . oo much rather they could juat bo quiotly '??' ?????/???.?' at homo.' ; ? ' . .,-'?' « Why ?' ho asked. ?\' '? « Booauso I ceo now that the lifo of .'/??' :imyartisto must bo a doublo life, ond ? ???'?':' that it must be very, very difficult to 1 '. . snake both the lives what they Bhould ?'?' ? ? be. It is bad enough to faco it for one :/ . aolf, and a great dfal wOrbe to think 01 / my sweet Mollio having to play so hard a part.' . Max scemedabout to speak, but some thing in hie look made her hurriedly proceed, as though, she were auxiouB to r check him. . ? But it is ungrateful to speak thuB of the life, when all the time 1 know there will hi much that is enjoyable about it, and that it ia my oloar duty to live it. And nowi ttB to the cljildron'B journey to Firdale. I am tho worst hand in the world at Bradshaw, but auntie aeeur^b tne that the 2.45 ie the beet train, and that they won't have any change.' Max found himeoli! remorselessly plunged into the dreary diecueaion of prabtioal detaile, and knew thai it would now be impo9*-iblo to say what had beon trembling on bin lips but a minuto ago. However, he conooled himself by tlie temembranco tbafc Boroon would eoou be at Firdalo herself, and that it would be hard indeed it' the fir woodo, the lake, or i the ivy-grown ruina of the Priory ?would not afford him place and oppor tunity to open his heart to her. ' J., CHAPTER X, ' Her sunny nature felt a need to bleaa, .And a like longing to be blest again.' ?'/??'?' Lowell. Mies Latouohe remained obligingly ill for the nest fortnight, and Doreen was for tun a to euough to be asked to take three of her engagements in tho pro vinces. Nothing, however, chauced to interfere with her visit to Firdale, and . ? Mrs. Hereford arrauged to call for her in the carriage and tuka her to the sta tion ; for she was one of those people who, although rich themselves, tiuve enough imagination to understand how to be really helpful to. those who have to think of every sixpence. Her visi tors were always made to' understand that no gratuities must be given to her servants, and the servants thomselves, who were amply componnated in otiier ?.???: . ways by their mistress, would no more :. bave accepted a fee th'un on attendant in a well-ordered tlTeatre or a waitress in nn aerated bread shop. In thiw way it was possible to make Monkton Vor oey the greatest boon to many who tvero sorely in noe'l of ohango, yot had littlo enough to live upon. Doreen was just sufficiently tired to enjoy moat thoroughly the prospect of a teat, and, though she was fnr from being solf- Jaduigent, and was quite content with tho simplest style of liv ing, sho was novcrtheleBs oonscioun of keen enjoyment as sho lay back in the luxurious carriago, and still jnore when at the station she found overytbinc beautifully arranged for her. It was ^ delightful to bo waited upon by Mux % Hereford ; it was ploasant to Have no \ anxiety about luggage, or recalcitrant . porters, or grasping cabmen ; it was .V; seetful, too, to bo tucked up cosily in Y -the corner seat of a first-olass carriage, instead of skirmishing for oneself in a \ crowded third-class compartment ; and, '.:?? '^ ' ?\'v:\ .:??', ?v. . . ? v . ? ?? -, , ? v' ,-. ' . ?.???? ??...??? ??/ aVi-.vo all, it was a trait not to be alone, but to have companions who at e vary turn seemed to consider her comfort.' She made them laugh with her merry account of her throe journeys into the province*. ' ' ' Aunt Gnrfch. did not half like my 'going alone,' she said, ' and persuaded mo at Exeter -to go to a very small, quiet, old-fashioned hotel, thinking it would be nicor for me. But nothing could havo beon worse. It was so very quiet that there was only one other visitor. I came down rathor oarly to dinner, and thought that at such an hour I Bhould probably dine alone. But at the long table woro two placos laid, and scarcoly had tho soup boon ro.uoved when in stalked a solemn, blaok-beardod Frenohman, Ho spoke no word, but6at down opposite mo, tucked i ia table napkin into his collar, folt in his waist coat pockot and drew out a pill box, from which he produced two hugo black pills as big as tho top of, my thumb, — thoy truly were quito «b big. Whothwr ho Raw mo shaking -with eupproosod laughter 1 don't know. Wo simultane ously grasped tho water caraffo ; he withdrew his hand ; I poured out a tumblorful, and gulped down my mirth as well as I could ; ho followed my ox ample, and with frightful agility swal lowed bis pille. Aftrr that experience, I don't think I shall venture on small hotelB again.' Tho first sight that greeted thorn on ttio Firdale platform was Michael's eager little fact1, which lightod up till it posi tively shono as ho cauyht sight of Doreen. ♦ The coachman let mo drive part of the way to tho station,' he said glee fully. ? Ho is the jolliest man you ovor saw, and, oh, thero are such heap? of things to show you! Mollio wanted to come too, but wo thought sbo'd better not, because I snail have to bo insido going back, as tho what- you-call-it — the waiter — no, I mean tho footman, — trora London, will bo on tho box.' Michael's unfailing tongue chatted tho wnole way to Monkton Verney, and his prido in pointing out to Doreon every possible point of inter, st greatly amuBod Mrs. Hereford. ' Wny, Michael, I think you must be intended for a nowupaper correapou ?lout,' aaid Max, greatly taken with th.' bright-eyed boy. 'Nothing seems to oecupe you.' ' Oh, I don't want to write,' said Michael. - It's Dormot that muuns to go in for that. I do so want to bo an engineer.' ' Yep, indeed, I counted it a great proof of your affection that you were looking out for ue, whon our train came in, and not studying the engine,' said Doreen, laughing. ' Engines are his latest hobby : he will read tbe driest books about them, and will rattle off th« names of their component parts ia a way that makes my brain reel.' \- But you like them yourself,' said Michael, wistfully. ' Why, yes, asth'ore, of course I do. I liko anything that you like, and will novtr forget to tell you the name, and t.he sort, and the color of every engine I travel by.' 4 It will be agreat.heip to you, if both boys have some marked inclination to guide you in their education,' said Mrs. Hereford. « You had better talk to the 'Worthingtonp, who are coming to 6tay with us to-raorrow. Sir Henry Worlhinsrtou is a great railway director, and would be ablo to give you plenty of advice as to Michael's future.' „* You will like the Worthingtons,' said Max. 'Tlioy are the most delightful people; and Lady Worthington is Irish. We must keep off politics, tnou^h ; for they aro of tho opposite party. Have you heard yot, :n.other, when Uuole Here ford comes?' ' ' He sayB ho will ride over from the camp Jo-morrow afternoon. His port manteau must be brought from the sta tion with the Worthingtons' thingf. Now-, Doreen, this is the beginning of Monkton Vorney, and we shall soon be home. I am sure you must be longing for afternoon tea.' ? And for tho children,' said Max, with a glance at her oager eyep. ' Yes,' she said, smiling. ? What a paradise it has been for them !' The road skirted the park, of whioh glimpses could now and thon be seen through a thick wild-wood which bor dered it. On the other side lay peace ful, green meadows, a narrow, winding river,' and the wopda of a neighbouring estate, not yet in leaf, but with thoso varying hues of eurly spring which are alrnoat moro beautiful than tho follow-, ing stage. Prosently they came to a place where four ways met. A steep, sandy road led upwards among stately fir grovos, and Max drow her attontion to it. ' That ia the way wo shall take you to Rooksbury,' he said. ' And there is the water-mill that I pketched for you in my letter,' said Michoal. ' And here we are at home;' said Mrs. Hereford,' as the carriage . turned in at the pretty gats-way near tho mill. ' But Doreon h'id hardly a glance to spare for the soiil, well-bu'lt, slightly prosaic mansion j she only saw two liitl-- ngures dancing about on the stops, and in another minute Dermot and Mollio had flung themselves up'-n her. ' And if you choke mo with the four arms of you round my throat, what will become of us all fien ?' sho said rraily,' carrying off Mollio to graot Mrs. Here ford, her heart full of joy at tho signt of the bonny little faco no dear to her. The oountry air had brought tho color back to all the pale little faces, and Mrs. Muchmoro, established in a largo, airy nursery, was full of prido ia tho well-being of her small charges. ? Hagar Muchmoro is really tbe most wonderful woman,' said Doreen, as she rejoinod Mrs. lloroford in tho drawing room.. ' She has tho art of making her solf at home everywhere ; sho does not foem cramped in a crowded little cabin, or in dreary lodgings ; and yot sho does not look out of her element in that boautitul nursery of yours, where a dozon children would have room and to spare.' ? ' Ah my dear, I often wished I had the dozon to fill it,' said Mrs. Hereford. 'It ueod to look gaunt and bare, some bow, when there was only Max to ton ant it. Ao often as wo could wo bad Miriam with u», but beinj? both only childron, t -ey quarrellod a good deal, and it was not always a successful ox pi-ximont. Tne Bervanta have nothing but pr.iise for your tour littlo ouoa, — oover were sucn childron, according to my housekeeper.' 4 Well, I think they nro all pretty good hands at amusing themselves,' said Dorucn. ' I was a littlo bit afraid that IIa-;ar Mutohmoro, with her brus que, independo it ways and republican frankness, mi_;ht not got on very well, but 8he seems to have made friends all rouud, and looks as happy as a queen. Perhaps her intense veneration for the tirst real ruin she has ever seen was in her favor. Tha ruins and the'ivy s'eutn quite to have taken, her breath away. You see we cau^t supply old priories in Ameriaa, and ivy does not grow there.' When they had had toa, Max pro posed that she should come out and see tho Priory ; and together they crossed the amootb, well-kept lawn, and, ekirt iug the sine of the littlo lake, passed through the shrubbery to the. park be yond, where, in the soft sunaot light, stood the gray old r.uin, with its air of peaceful decaj, its forlorn, roofless walls, its graceful arches and fragments of delicate traoery. Sheep were peace fully grazing within the dismantled choir, and birds flew homeward to tbeir neete in the thiok ivy which olnstered about the pillars. ' I don't think you are so enthusiastic as Mrs. Much more,' said Max, looking into her face, which had grown sad and wistful. ;' ? Ruins are somehow depressing,' she said, '.Do you remember the ruinod Abbey near Castle KareyP I never fould understand how your cousin could spend whole days in painting it. One can't help thinking of the buildors and how all their hopes and offortsare at an end ; failure seems written ovor tho whole place in spite of ito loveliness.' ' It shelters shoop still, though not the two leggo-d onoB it was intended for,' said Max, smiling. 1 Yes ; but it is muoh too good for mere animals,' said Doreen* ?What would you do with it if it were yours ?' he said, ' Some people think I ought to restore it ; but I am not going' to be such a fool as to plant a huge church in a place where there is not even a village. ? I think,' she said musingly, ' I'nhould turn it into almshouseB for old people, or into a convalescent home for London-' ere. You could lisa the choir for the ;.'-'; ; - :- '..?$. ? '? :''.-.:? ' ?? -: ? ???' ? ??'^??-??: ' '' ohapel. It would perhaps spoil your view a little from the house, bat. the building- could- be low and heed not bo unsightly.!'' : . . ? I wonder what ray heir wouldsay to it,' said Max., '.However,. 1 need not trouble muoh about that thought, for the property, will certainly never oomo to him.' ., ' Why not? Ia it only youra for your lifetime ??;. ? : ? It is a carious *hiocr,r he eairr. 'But this property rover remains in the sdme family long. It may paas from fathor to son, but tho crrand^on has never been known to succood. lam told it ia the case with all ostatoa- t-iat wore onca church property, and- thorc is- a book containing many instances of tho kind. 1 would not like to- oay that I altogether boliovo in tho logonrli and yot it cer tainly eooras something rnoro than a inero coincidence.'' Doroon- ohiverod a little. At hoort she was soporstitioits, and t-.is idea appealed* to hor Koltio imagination. 1 Jlow did it come- into your poaaoe sion ?' sh« asked. ' The estate was in- the markot. My ? fathor bought it, bu?. diod only a year after tho purchase. Do you see that old crono over thoro picking up sticks? She told mo, as a child, all raannor of leg onde about the former owners'. ' She is rather a character; I' should like you to hco her.' . ' ?They walked on towards a plantation* where a skinny old woman was slowly tying up her bundfo of firewood, with many muttored ejaculations!- . '?. ' Sho lpoks like a witoh,'' safi Doreenr ? As children, we used to call her Goody Gropo, after the old woman in Miss Edgeworth'a story ?; and the name has Btuck to hor ever sisws. But she is a worthy old body, and full of humour whon yon get her in the right mood.. Good ovoning, Goody ; how are you ?'' he exclaimed, as the old wom»m looked tip and caugl.it eiKUt of them. ? Thi* lady comos from Ireland, and Bho wants to Loar all tho stories about Monkton Verney, — all that you used to tell U3 long ago. Don't you remember ?' 'Glad to 'Boo you homo again, sir/' said Goody, curtseying to, tuoav bothi. ^'i'%:- 'The lady, I take it, ia'of kin to the- -JImS pretty littlo. lass I ott^V up at the hooao -^rQ last week.' . \ ';' I'W&^FF ?-...? ? ?'?''-K^V?'' ? 1 am hor sister, said' Doxeon, with . '*; her usual happy prido in claiming kin- - ship with Molly. 'Have you been teil ing your delightful tales to the children,. I wonder? There's notbing they woul(L' like half so well ; they aro''ju8t crazy^' about storioa.' ?'? , ? '? ?'?'??''?; ? '??''? ?Bleee their ' little hearts !^ Bai-§. ' Goody ;« there's many a tale I'couii'' tell them.' ''? ? ' ' ;: . ; ? But don't you go telling them'aboub' , : the ghost, Goody; I don't allow that ghost to bo talked about. He'd' part of? - my property ; and now that I'm of age,. I'll manage him myself^ You'll be soaring the childron if you tell them ; tho Priory is haunted. Many's the time as a child, that. I've made myself go., shivi'ring to tho window, ashamed- to lie quaking in bed, and have looked out .??'? at. the ruiusto seoif he wasreally thore.' '?'': \- And did you over seo it?.' said Doreen who, like Minna Troil, did not believe io / ghostB, but was, nevertheless, afraid of ? them. ? ? Never,' ho eaid, with a mischievous ?-' glanoe ; ? but Goody has of ton seen him '-??'? you ask her.' . ; ? ,'n-v». 'What is it like, and where did you' ij-' f~ see it P' aekod Doreon, with an interest ::* t that charmed Goody. ??? . . . ?'????j )' ' ' Thrico have I seen it, but never again ? ; f will I run the risk ; for afterwards 'it'''1 '' - ' makes a body feol badly for weeks'to' '£ come,' a&id; the old woman.' :-Drainsall ':L * '?''??' tho strength out of you, that.it doee.' ''? ;'V ' Is it, then, so dreadful to look at?' . . --; _ ^No,' said the old woman, musingly :'!'?! ): ' it's not that it ia altogether horrible to-.. T see, but il' uncanny to look up all at '','?? once, aB you are crossing the park on a ''.y : ? moonlight night, and thinking of noth- ':i - ? ' ing in particular, to be taken right back ''?', ' into the past,— to eoo a figure kneeling : ?/ ':^; ti.ore in tho ruins in tho old time dress,' \ -- ' v'-l a wido ruffle about 'the throat of him, 'V;' ' and a little beard cut in a point, and'a \Z A^' clouk cast about hia shbuldera.' '' :\ '??-?, V $&. (TO BE CONTl(vWriV , j ????: ?.-?' -V- -^ -f*^ === — i-'''--'.-,^- :'';m^S1 Printed and publinbod by J. Piowbioh^ ani ' ' ; ;-Vv^K?; C. DAwson at tho Akoub Printing (jffloa ' ; '*v^jfe' Delate, in the col6ttyi:of 'NeW/sq^;'1''^^??^ Wales.' .:.:. ? .,::;.y.,._ -. v.-.'i;Aj^i:j'r ?? 