CUE. (Trow o»r own Corvespondent.) TBB nr«t rumber cf the Magnet NOR- RRBKM Mm ISO RJ.«:»TKR can e duly toliand on Moiiday night hist, aud was well received. It is fearless, radical, and free, and run on *oa»on sen»e lines. I aui sorry to have to state that the Mv- rckison Time* here refused to insert a simple advertisement in tb«i." columns from the agent of tho newsp-per, sta ing tkat' copies of the J;KOI8T»U could always bo had from hint. Thi«;*though eabh in advance was offered to pay for the advertisement at the tinifl. Frt>m envy, hatred, and all uncharitebleness, good Lord deliver us. The latter gentlemai. must ftght shy <"f newspaper ofHces. however, from the amount, of unfriendly ftSiwus shown. Thore if a newspaper in Cue That never prints anything new, But. Magnet'-J new rag Takes the cake and th t swag, And makes the old wrapper look blue. Here is an eitract from a letter f^ent. me by a Mt. Vagnet friend :—" Illii.gworth'w banqeut was a great suocess. "i'lie 1'ress hud ft food reception, but only the NOUTIIKUN Jlijiisa RBOISTKB repr.'sonttd. \Vn.:it. a farce a so-called Miner issuing here is, aud jet thtf Banquet Comn-itt<? couldn't iinu anyone iu town representing it," No comment is needed on the above, which points it** own moral : A foreign importation, ft not " limde in Germany," at least made in Cue. Tho Sisters of the People ar' doing splendid work amon gst un' Sister May has had her hands very full, and her time busily employed io tent-to-teut visitation of the sick. On Thursday, however, Sister Frances arrived to aid her friend in the good work. A strong local Comuii'tee is behind the movement, and is only too pleased t-» receive and -cknowledge »ubscript ions from all who hav» the walfaro of such a worthy movement at heart. It is thoroughly understood that no consideration t v where s okues-s is concerned, and those abstruse pom s of li^dief which a truck-loud of would wranglo about arc left ncvercl\ in the backgrouml at (lie sick bedhido. 'Hie Rrv. 11. (Iriilith has returned to Cue. much improved in h'alth by his trip below ; L" W/is III'HI cordially welcomed liy t,is friJnds on tlie Held, wliose name is legion. Buffalo liill (or Ids ghost) promenaded the utie 'Is of Cu'< a few d ivi ago, prior l.o hit departure into the untrodden wills of t lie trackless bush. Tiio gun. the bcltful of deadly cartridges, the bowie-knife, and formida 1 )!' leggings, familiarly knovu us dog-stilTtwiers reseinbled a walking arsenal. A ((.era wrestle with a tlcry, umain><d, slablnfed " ge-get;,.' a eloud of dust ronil uud announced tluit rider and s'ccd, gun 'ual but t»rv* hid parted o>mpuny anil lay seat.I ere I pronds mi i ar-'und the street. A collection of the pie-ies wm made and they were joined all toge! hd 1 again like a chincfe puz'.lo. and equilil/.-ium ivns restored once more. A Yankee nding b» heard to observe H!att inc. if h i don't, look tit to pump lead into the e.u-i-ase of a whole tribe of Apach* Indians." A start was made 1-iterin tlie day on a mild.'r (juadruped with less trimmings, and the eireu-i ended Our uu>bt worthy Warden is to have a banquet j/iven in his honor on Tuesday uett, when an illuminated address will also be prevMi ed to him. Several critics have signitlrd their intention of going to the spread, and showing their esteem, honor, and respect to the guest of the evening in the largett. gla .sei possible, irrespective of deuoinirational labels on the bottles, or sectarian prejudices as to drinking with the neighbour sit ting alongside, providing always that he is not. swilling beer while you are punishing whisky, in which ease the race is hardly equal. The toast list will be short and the respond era limited, ai at prcrioui banquets there are always some uninvited prosors who will get up on th -ir hind le»s *nd h'irk. The charmi of mud.' will 'xch the siiTagn hearts between drinks and cine udll be exercised to see that most of the waiters remain sober during the ret few course* at least, mid don't spill hot sou]) down the shirt collars of local big-nigs. Altogether a gorgeous guz/dy is looKed forward to, and u goo 1 ti'ne all round, for tho Warden is popular with all clitsses. On Saiurdav niglit that abode of all that is boat and nobh^t in Cue, the seat of the anstocrncv, the abiding place of genius and store clothes where u najty low worKing man is excluded, the Mtirchismi Club gave nn excellent little farewell dinner t'> Warden Dowlev arid Mr, F. O. Uowle, who leave town tliis week. The proceedings were fia monio». and miiBical, and feruiiuated at a late, or rather, an e.arlv hour, lft.ee club ever wants to b.v.nne :i SU-.TJH, the pre cut. 1 U - K-balling system will have to be amended At pre^nt no nflf-re p- 1 -ting persjn would run the risk of some immaculate Johnnie, whoss roll-ir was higher and whose shirt-cuffs weru longer than hi.i own, black balling hiTO out of sheer spite orprivai e difference, so no* members are scarce an l likoly to remuin so, Completion of sale on several well-known mines is due this weak, whereby mostly John Bull get* a liMt-rate mine of quartz, the publiei»n gets rid of a lot of soul-destroying fat, and «he vendor gets a bad headache and a dark-brown taste in his mouth on waking next morning. S miothiug is ball/ ueede.l to shake in up for bu diie.is u dull, and we a-e growing moss on our backs through pure stagnation. Much as we dislike looking Fulton's battery of 2 >-head stampers, wluch has been s<v*ure 1 bv t'lt])'ain Piper (one of the I'ipTS who plavcd befors Moses. I think), it would be in si -ighbonrly on oir pirt no. to congratulate our Mount Magnet friends on the acquisition of such a line piece of machinery. We have .ere-al o .'ier batterie-t i:i process of ercv!ion here and hop- to h ire i fri-m 11 v race with 'lie Mag'ie: on the mnit':.lv ou'pu'. of g >ld when we both get thoroughly settled down to work. Knetion» in the C.'itv Council last meeting, stirring up of the ani'.ntls with a long pile. All over the laving of the t'ouuda'ion ^lonc of the Municipd Palaci in Ro()ins()ri-st re it list week. No noti. e giveti to r itcp.uer; who pay the piper and thn council who vote it away, not being invited. Mayor Jaques threw the oil of his eloquence upon the troubled waters and pe^ce was restored. To suit nil parties it is propose 1. when the foundation of the big Town Hall is laid in a month or two, to have procession through the town something as follows : — The Salvation Army Brass Band, Harry Williams carrying th» (lag. Detachment of Plain Clothes Policemen. The Mayor in his robes of office (A plug hat and a bjiled shirt). The foundation stone on a hospital stretcher, carried bv two wardens. Tlu R.M.O. with a stethoscope, to take the temperature of Councillors not formally invited. The City Fathers with the number of vo'es they were elected by pinned to their oreustw. The representative of the Murehixon Timix with a pound of sausages and a copy of the last wrapper to place under tho atono The Sergeant. Mr. Mc-Vanaway and members of the Cue Fire Brigade, with water-bags. Ruffalo Bill on Camel Thompson's piebald nag, with revolver, bowie-knife, and dog stiffencrs. Members of the Murcbi'on Club in evening dress, with oleyity of Mack-balls handy. Tho ancient order of ciry- blow^rs, in moles. Tlie Jay Peas blindfolded, carrying a banner with portrait of John Forrest euibluzoned en it. Finally a truck load of champagne and the publicans supporting the motto, " In Vino I'eritm " on the side, of a Shypoo Burrell. A procession like tho above would be eminently popular end would retleet great credit on the Mayor, Council, and To'.vn Clerk, and nil concerned. Of course it is merely a suggestion. The 25th will bo celebrated at a public holiday in lwmour of our Good Gracious! Queen. The Odd Fellows' Sports are sure to iie t gej vt sa but report of them can hardly be sent you in time for this i ixsiio. The ball, too, is looker! forward to with gre'*t anticipation by all. 