HQS FIRST PUBLISHED. . ALL. QUEENSLAND RIGHTS RESERVED. ■ :———:—-———:——♦"H I HUSH MONEY! f t . H-$»—:—: : : ————r— iPwerful Dramatic Story by JEAN MlDbLEIWASS,! . Xuxsos o* "Two Falss ICons," "The ITtstebt or Cldcbnt Du.ntlltis," ' . "A, Girl cr x Thousjot>," '4 Sealed witha Kiss,'* , "Br FairilziOT," Jec., Jtc. ^ CHAPTER XXXIV.—[Continued.) I iT was evident that General Southby did not dread the vicar's tongue as much as Rachel did. and instead of answering: she looted from the one to the other in eome alarm. The General, however, only smiled. He had no intention of revealing anything that was not already an open secret, Greg himself having spoken out pretty freely. 44.Will you give me a lift to the Maisonnette,: Mrs. Bolderson!" he asked,44 for my old limbs I are somewhat unused to much walking." I 4> With the greatest pleasure." " Good-bye, vicar. Don't let people talk more than you can help. The affair will soon he squared, or my name is not Southby." ' Sr. Salt," echoed Rachel. 111 was sorry to cut yon so unceremoniously short the other day, but I had to cat h a train." And so the vicar was dismissed with mnch politeness, but with evident intention, and even now he had had no chance of performing Sicele's commission and had to console himself with a chat with Dick Yenables, whom he met a little farther on, and who told him several things he did not know before, among others that Alan Wallis had arrived at the Court, and had paid a visit to the Willow Marsh, and bad had a long private conversation with its master. Thi-t information, of course, Yenables had received from Mrs. Cubitt. Altogether the crowding and rapidity of events was becoming almost too much for the good vicar's brain. If the difficulties that lay in Rachel's path hod been his to stem the task would have been simply impossible to him. Even Rachel was thankful to have General Southby by her side, for she knew he was a clear-headed, capable man of the world, who could not only grasp a situation, but would handle it delicately. 44 "Well, this is a nice business,"he said as coon as they were out of earshot of the vicar. 441 would give my right hand rather than Sicele's name should be dragged through the mire in connection with. that blackguard jFludyer. Greg deserves to lose her for his rashness in interfering with the scamp." 44I suppose he baa heard of the affair at Parkhurst and was irritated." 44 On the contrary, he did not know a word of it until I foolishly let it out last evening, when I came down in answer to a wire from Sicele. I was rather sorry I bad com mitted myself, as Greg put himself into such a passion that I fear that he has had a bad night. However, I believe on the whole he is better this morning, and all I hope is that we shall find him amenable to reason." 44 What do you propose to do." 441 propose to make Fludyer 'apologise, which will, I fancy, not be so difficult as to get Greg to accept the apology. Mr. and Mis. Wallis are naturally very angry about the whole affair. They were just about con sidering the matter as to whether, now that Greg has received a very good fortune through the death ofhUuncleand sister, onhis promise that he would be less Bohemian and more inclined to recognise civilised laws in the future, they might not perhaps give him the dear little girl he so ardently loves, when, lo and "behold, Master Greg gets into one of the worst scrapes he was ever involved in, and naturally he upsets his chance altogether. 44 We must try and talk them over; Sicele will be heart-broken as well as Greg." 44 Of course, I know that; but it will be absolutely useless for either you or me to interfere if he persists in fighting Fludyer— 4 tearing him limb from limb,' as he elegantly expresses it. The Wallises will never give in muess peace is proclaimed all round. You must use your influence with him, Mrs. Bolderson. I am so glad you are going to eee him." 44 Sicele would have more influence," said Bachel meekly. 4'Exactly, but they keep her carefully guarded at the house. I don't believe they will let her go near the Maisonnette. But never mind, Mrs Bolderson, we will pull the business through." 4 4 Anyway we will do our best, but to have two love affairs on one's bands at the same time is no joke." 4 4 Hey-day, Hey-day ! I don't know any thing about another." ' 44 Alan Wallis and my step-daughter. Is he not staying at Hazel Court ?" 44 Of course, yes, yes. That accounts for a great deal. He came in yesterday just as • I arrived, looking rather a ghost—scarcely spoke at dinner, and spent the greater part of the night walking up and down over my head. I thought it was grief for his father's death that was agitating him thus. So—so —a love affair is it ? Well, I was a "boy once myself- What is the hitch in that quarter, its. Bolderson! Does not the young lady exnfle on him ?" 44 It is not that," and Rachel became a little j confused. 441 thmk he and Mr. Bolderson1 did not quite agree about something." - "Yet Alan has a vast-fortuned There should be no disagreement.'..We must see what is to be done. I hare, never had the pleasure'of seeing Hiss Bolderson, but I always sympathise with, young people. > .As you say, my dear-lady, we" have .our • hands full. So much the better if we succeed." Just at this moment they drove up to the Maisonnette, thus there was no time for any farther disenssion. If Greg was to be kept quiet, and was feverish after a bad night,' the remedies conducive to health were scarcely being enforced, for though he was sitting in. an arm-chair in the studio, and his head was bandaged with cold compresses, he was talk ing rapidly, and gesticulating freely, while Alan Wallis was walking up and down the room in a state of excitement that was akin to frenzy. The two young men were trying, to settle the knotty points in their life- histories, with out the intervention of their elders. • Alan had no intention of giving up his beloved Ursula, whatever anyone might say, but the desire was strong npou him to get a friendly voice to tell him that what he was about to do was well; and with whom, in his hour of need, would he find more. sympathy than with his cousin Greg? True, Greg was ill, and himself beset by difficulties, but the case would brook no delay. So to Greg Alan weut with the last letter his father had penned to him, and. which Greg read most attentively. 41 Well, and have you asked Mr. Bolderson to explain the past?" "Yes, and it scarcely redounds to his credit. More l cannot say.*' "But you see in it no cause——" " No cause to give up my sweet Ursula; certainly not. Would you give up Sicele if someone toldyou that Uncle Wallia'slifehad scarcely been as unshadowed by dishonour as it ought to have been ?" • " ! ' 44 Never. . If the fair fame of every sweet woman was to be blackened by her father's vices—fair fame, it strikes ine^ would-be at a considerable discount.". And Greg laughed noisily, for the mood was on him to be reckless. " Then I have your sanction for following the dictates of my heart-;—" . . - : "Look here, Alan. You are a. man; surely youcan judge for yourself. Fancy coming to me," the .Bohemian, much reprobated Greg, to consult on . such a matter." - - " . "Greg, old fellow, there is no .one in the whole world whose advice I'would 'aide or take but yours, and' in such a great step as this I would not think of ' going, forward without consulting you. Judge. of : what importance I hold my cousin Greg when I am keeping my beloved Ursula waiting for bile I come round here to lay ray affairs before him." "Go to the devil," cried Greg, who was beside. himself with feverish excitement, "and don't come humbugging me like that. Marry your Ursula and settle down into a perc de famille. Her father's past story won't harm her, especially since no one seems to know it; hut, look here, my boy, see that yon squash the Lucille Lafarge out of her, and bring her as much as possible under, the influence of the angelic Bach el, whom she is rather inclined to ignore." " Oh, they have become great friends; in fact, Ursula has rather token to exaggerate tho littlft miaA ' . the little step-mother's good qualities." " Then, bless you my children, bless you.: Happiness and peace, and—by Jove " At this moment Rachel, accompanied by General Southby, came in. The situation was somewhat comic, or would have been so bad it not been so very real. Anyway, it savoured of bathos, as did | most of Greg's realities, since he never could : bring his mind into a condition of seriousness for very long together. While the new-comers were inquiring after his health Alan took the opportunity to escape. He hod got the encouragement he I wanted from Greg, and was off to the Willow I Marsh as fast as nimble young legs would [carry him. Rachel would have no more trouble with j that couple, at least not in the way of trying ; to :»rrange the match. Whether' Julian i Wallis slumbering in his grave in Fere la Chaise would have been as satisfied is doubt ful ; but then he should not have left that; paper telling his son to follow the dictates of his own heart and judgment and he would have his blessing. I. That he had done so was only to be ! accounted for by the fore-shadow of death wbicb not infrequently softens and changes the whole of a man's nature.. When Rachel went into the room and saw Greg she was so shocked' at his appearance that she did not take much notice of Alan or his speedy departure. She had during her brief acquaintance with Greg failed to discover how. two- sided his nature was, and since she had invariably seen ascribed the tte fact of bis tenS' wasnow.^10 ^%_;h, Hridly womanliness as terribly iU, ana with tauu v ^ sootllc llna lier* wont shea'■■ jt.«« wisest course die cosset him- -|-t, t'ri c desired efiect. f could have taken, ana had bad become In .a' very £ct" m0? «nd amenable to the much more tra?9™^ tliou"h quite balf-an dietetes o{Pro^e ^thcr General Southby hour elapsedbefore """oient ,0 touch on or Baehd thought rt were the subject with wh however, brimming ?TC.r.-„bv remaining silent since wasted their tim y )et 0jj much they had allowed Greg him t0 tell superfluous ,l™ j^Jjd wordiness how , them vrith muchjiestura an ^ ,, Uackgu„d 1 to inveigh mtlTsicole at Path- , episode in connicc —lighten them—tv)th hurst, hut also to e g ^ for tho firat hearing this part o tllq poisoned by time—how Jeuny . ? moments of his Uer presence the dying beloved aster. , hring ahout a treaty It was evident that to hrmg ^ mMter 0f of peace between Greg mutter, and Parkhurst would he no Gmthc hod General Southhy almost ^ expeoted quite nndertakei.1t,Austin Hudyer as mneh oppoatio ^ receive from Greg, as it was evident .ouldnothaveatood ButforKachclhecertom^ the least chance of hnngi S would have haupy denouement. *>r Tj gbahtest flS the Genend witho^tho scruple,- hut ®a°^ things; she manipu- | pleasant way of P , ° gentle touch, that it lated them with such g be angry was qnite impossiMe to Greg ^ n S'ESX™-""■ i^iKSSSitsjs'SJsjSSS dseasss^te'S k-^S3:is"» Bg.-assraar" ' 1 Greg was Bbould Ilose Siceic— be^Tf^ed le man who insulted ^'^Is it ^wre^chelwheV^a^^t^^' T^odsense It w^evidmit t^cBncheVs words were being an argument. He wo rfter bnef man hod he done so. tissue of abuse, pause, he ^ro®StowardsPlndyer over which he had been g .-d 0nC8 more ^rooXt' «»rto receive - a 1 fwim snfiK US AC. ... 1 -.la hovr ae " ,* • ••■■ : - i aS^gelX;°t raw-that nothing would \- "-1 "They will be apra-g Gcncralf We I drive yon impractical man, him to muddle his'chances after his ownfasliion." The manoeuvre bried Greg, "Stop, Mm. Bmge5® -• ^ 3o what you '&k5;&jZ;&SSS;& y^viewT*t coiriderihg the matter ". j \VS/X^^s^ssl j Sgu^J.lidt Gregteielt no notice of the hint, contmuing— ^ ^ beginning, "and assises?* first consideration—for , ^ te ottt •'Hereshoisw-ngftro^h^ bQ of the wood, P"?*. „ her hands, " Suppose yoa%-vhM. orbo you vrttl and letter a^fi { m gfc' Austm Hndyer Sd r^ sScessful enough to obtain decision, andtho_ ^difficultym , interested in them Wh l«d^ ^ al fte iP^EMrtthe weight of her influence.. 