f i> \- Tphacco Dust for Insects A reader asks me, says T. Grelngr, whether tobacco" diist should be applied ,to \ines wheri they are wet with dew or 'wh$n they jare <tr>% This moves me to :sa£ that the tobacco dust, or the bone meal, or the mixture of both, is not In tended as a coating for the leaves, which would make them poisonous or un palatable, but as a covering for the soil, that will make the atmosphere very un comfortable for all Insects and worms. I like to have the material remain dry and dusty as long as possible. In that case it has a more thorough effect on bugs and beetles that have hard shells. The wet tobacco, or tobacco tea, or even the fumes of wet tobacco, aro very unwholesome to the soft-bodied insects, worms, etc. 1 find that the cucumber beetle? do nM like to work in dust, anil least of all in tobacco dust. "When I put this latter. Inch fdeep round .-melon or cucumber. :j>lants. the ; yellow-striped l>eetle promptly takes its departure and will stay away as long as the -tobacco remains dusty, or as long as it gives efl" a strong tobacco smell. Lot- me repeat, tor». that this same waste material is one of «>ur best and cheapest general insecticides. "VVe can use it both under glass and in open air. By all means keep a good supply of it on hand-. Possibly you can get sweep ings from a near cigar factory, or you may buy the material by the barrel at $2.5'.' to$3. It will last you for years and help you to keep the premises clear of the various pests that'prev upon crops and animals. If you scatter tobacco dust by hand or with bellows over your rows of peas, just at nightfall, you can kill the slugs that are so oft-m eating all the lower foliage off and greatly damage the crop. Or if you dust it in the same way iiver yourcurrant and g.Kiseben-v bushes, when Infested with worms, you will quickly see the worms disappear. In the same way you can quickly kill all the leaf-eating worms and slugs on your trees and bushes everywhere. The tent caterpillar and the fall web-worm, and all other caterpillars on trees and plants give up the ghost within a fw minutes after coming into cmiact with tobacco dust. And bvshK-s all this, tobacco dust is worth al>out what it costs as a fertiliser. We can also control, in a mea sure at. least, the most unmanageable pests, of our gardens, namelv. the flea beetle and the cabbage maggot. But in order to make th.m.ugh work, in ridding the plants of these p»sts. we have p- be very liberal in the use of «the tobacc- dust. For instance, if we throw 'a good big handful into th,. h,.an lh.> ca!jj)au, plant, or cauliflower plant, or on a choice 1 seedling potato, we mav be quite sur- that the flea beetles will leave, for a time at least, and if w«- apply the same quantity to the stem of a cabbage or cauliflower plant, we may be sure the maggots will not flourish there for a while. 