CUE CURIOS. (FEOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Everyone with a reef of first class building stone to sail, or a claim full of boundless possibilities somewhere between the surface of the earth and the other side thereof that only wants a registered company at work on it to flood the bullion market—all are waiting for John Bull, from whom all blessings flow, to open his purse and scatter his cash broadcast over the barren face of W.A. and make the miner's Bank accounts blossom like a publican's nose at Xmas. We all think a boom is coming and everyone is digging down into his moles for a pound or two to speculate with. ".It's better to have boomed aud bust Than neVer to have boomed at all," sang Tennyson or some other idiot suffering from an attack of that morbid secretion called poetry. Viator's last effusion on " The York Volunteers," was much admired. Even a diet of pork and kangaroo can breed alleged patriotism, though what Australia has to do with a squabble between British aggression and aboriginal Boerishness is more than a logical brain can understand. We could raise a regiment of men on the Cue, patriotic—as longas their wagos were paid, enthusiastic—while the beer lasted, tireless on the march—when the pub. Was stall in sight ahead of them, and willing to serve anybody else's Queen and country at the lowest mte of wages, 10 per cent, cash down and balance in three months, as is customary with mining men. Stirred to valour by martial (mis) leaders in the local sausage wrapper and the usual bibulous sendoff with at the same time, worn speeches and bad champagne, the " rigimiht" would swell with pride till they swelled the buttons off Freedman & Co's. cheap uniforms. Imagination staggers at anything more intensely Hinglish and loyal. Some excitement occurred to-night when it was found that a stream was running down the channel in the centre of Austin St. Someou© raised the cry that the vats at the brewery had busted. The bars were immediately cleared, and many bellies touched the ground and many heads were dipped in the rippling fluid. Horrors 1 It was only water. Later it was found that the Cue One mine was pumping six thousand gallons per hour from the main shaft, the battery dam was 6ft deep and overflow ing and the water in a running stream was coursing right through the town in a stream 00 chains long. It is supposed that the Cue One G.ll. Co. have offered to turn the river over into CdoLgardie for <£5,000 cash. Fuller details later oa." A large and influential (term registered) meeting of ratepayers last Wednesday carried a motion condemning the action of the Forrest Dynasty, the huge woolen image with putty legs that sics over the diggers, Lke a blaeU cl<udiaa clear sky, for shifting «i 11 "ite from its estafolishthe Railway Station - w^ere ed position to the other end -ot w . r,, Monger, Wittenoom and other uiflaeim-.. big-wi^s own property. The citizens of the place whose interests are mostly affected are never consulted by those rejoicing in the "insolence of office." When the Forrest Juggernaught rolls its ear along the motto is " Stand cleat or be crushed," and the wake of the car is strewn with the skeletons ot diggers' interest® and miners' hop^s ruthlessly mangled by the seven-family fetish in its march of ignorance. Some day the whole machine will come to a hill side and, like the herd of swine in the Arabian Nights, will roll headlong in the sea of Oblivion and be drowned. . 4 Apropos the kangaroos that were driven by thirst into the Fortune of War battery house a few weeks ago, later details have come to hand which shed quite an interest over the incident. It appear that after the oldest marsupial in the crowd had drank his fill of water and tailings and departed, a monkey wrench and a large amount of amalgam were missing. The trackers were put on the trail and about 10 miles out the old man kangaroo was run to earth and arrested. The missing wrench and amalgam were found in his pouch and recovered, and an information laid against him by the police. The case will fee heard before*the Warden at the next half-quarter sessions, and as all the powerJtE the law is always invoked in W.A. tojTcoaviet a prisoner against the Crown it looks blue for the culprit. The fact of his not having a Miner's Bight always prejudices the ruling powers against a prisoner,- the 10 bob charged for it being needed badly to help the Fremantle breakwater along. Hiree black trackers were seen chasing up and down the main street to-day. On enquiry as to what was missing, it appeared that a well known mining Expert had lost his "reputation" and they were endeavoring to trace it. It was finally tracked into a 3ft pot-hole on a barren reef within a hundred miles of Cue on which the Expert had reported lately. Wben found it was quite cold, stiff and dead. An inquest was held when it was decided that the late owner was'much better without it, and that it be decently buried where it was found, and all the reef in eight placed on top of it to hoid it down. The ghost of & busted reputation now haunts the spot, which is shunned by all W.A. Lyre birds (alias Experts) and all chances of a sale of that particular claim are now declared off. A rumour was4ately floating round town that the Salvation Army had made an attempt to capture control of the St. Patrick's Day sports next 17th March, and that the surplus funds were to be devoted to easing the barracks in tinfoil and putting up a lightning conductor to prevent the Deity striking his chosen abode and raising a lump on its back if the architecture should not please him. This report was discredited as soon as a second rumor got abroad that the Baptists were going to ignore the public and elect their own Committee to run the next October race meeting and apply the proceeds to whitewash and hymn books and it is now understood that wiser counsels will prevail and that the attempt will fall through to mix: up religion with tugs of war, Sheffield handicaps and totalisators. January 31st. 