SPECIAL ENDOWMENT FOR MUNICIPALITIES. Tim deputation which waited upon the Colonial Secretary for the purpose of impressing upon him the necessity for granting a special endowment of lOs in the pound had a very easy task to perform. 'It is evident that the finances of many of our local munici palities are in a particularly parlous condition, and from all accounts a similar state of affairs prevails throughout the whole country. If Sydney is an exception it is from the fact" that in the large field of muni cipal, operations in the metropolis there was room for retrenchment in expenditure, and this opportunity has recently been considerably availed of. In this district there is a small field for retrenchment, for the simple reason that at no time were the disbursements greater than the work to be done, and ornamental appoint ments were few and far between. Many of our municipalites are heavily indebted owing to launching out into schemes which appeared thoroughly justified by their prospects at the time of inception. But the chill wind of depression overtookthem in common with every enterprise in the colony, and if help be not rendered speedily not a few of our struggling munici palities will have to~give up the financial ghost. If that should happen the condition of some of our suburbs willbe worse than at present, and their inhabitants will have good cause to regret the absence of the slight modicum of local government which they possessed. For, apart from the loss of the direct results obtained by it, a discouragement would he given to that spirit of communal co-operation which is rightly regarded as the germ of patriotism. As there is no place like home, it is well for the people to cherish a desire to make the surround ings of their homes as healthful and desirable as ?possible by combined effort locally exerted. Caustic re marks are frequently heard about the multiplicity of mayors and aldermen in New South Wales, but so long as the community has work to be done, men must be found to devote their aid and service toward it. And' there is no reason why a local Mayor, desirous of contributing to the welfare of the small community in which he happens to move, should not feel as justly proud of his official position as if he presided at the Mansion House and performed the annual act of hospi tality to her' Majesty's Ministers, at Guildhall. But the localmunicipalities for some time past have had to bear more than the effects of depression which have been comnmon to every person and institution throughout Australia. The sudden alterations in the coal- mining industry haye had a most dis astrous effect upon their revenues. The total of rates contributed by collieries has gone down with an alarming slump..In some instances the receipts from mines have decreased to a. third of what they were during the'preceding year. These unpre cedented drops in revenue have been accompanied by inability on the part of many of the inhabitants to pay their rates owing to the dearth of em ployment. Nevertheless; during such a trying period, the municipalities are charged with the duties .of making the streets within their boundaries passable, of maintaining sanitary con ditions, and of keeping the public places lit. The hope is still strong in the breasts of those who take an interest in munici pal improvement that a brighter day will dawn and that local bodies will soon be placed in a finan cial position somewhat in accordance with the work to be done. The central Government has already.quite enough on its hands without under taking the duty of controlling the destinies of financially derelict muni cipalities. The fact that the subject of local autonomy is not to be dealt with by the Ministry this session is another strong argument why the municipalities should be treated in a liberal fashion by the Government. The answer of Mr. Bnurcxxn to the prayer of the deputation was natur ally non- committal. The subject was one about which the Colonial Secre tary could not well express an opinion without consulting with his colleagues. But the Minister reminded the depu tation that it was intended by the Government this session to extend the law relating to municipalities so as to provide for approved loans under State guarantee. The effect of this would be to reduce. the interest on money borrowed for necessary pur poses. Such a measure would be good enough for such municipalities as are in an excellent condition financially. As a general rule the people who are well off can always obtain what security they want for money re quired for investment in ventures hav ing a probability of profit and safety. The saying is, doubtless, a very ancient one that to him that hath shall be given. But the poor municipalities and those which are overburdened with debt contracted in good faith may well ask' how the proposed measure will benefit them. This year, 'with large amounts derived from the taxa tion of land, the Government should come to the assistance of the munici palities from which such large reve nues will be obtained. To those which really require help, State assist ance should be liberally granted. For in this country, although every local source of revenue drifts into the central treasury, *the Government doles out its assistance to local bodies as if the latter had no moral right to a share in the State revenue collected within their boun daries. This policy differs very materially from that in force in Eng land, where large proportions of the excise duties collected within munici palities 'are returned to the local bodies. When such a policy is.recog nised here the municipalities will not, as they have now, to go cap in hand to the central Government for assist ance, and have their reasonable re quests sometimes regarded as very extraordinary, or even absurd. It is high time -for a liberal measure of local government to be placed on the Statute Book, for municipal bodies carry on work, the performance of which, without their action, would fall on the central Government. It is hoped therefore that Ministers will see their way clear to place on the estimates a special endowment of a very liberal character for municipal purposes. 