GATlÍERfÑO OF LABOUR M EMB HRS. CONGRATULATIONS TO MR. STEWART. A «ino party was held in the Foresters' Hall, North Rockhampton, last evening to celebrate the return to Parliament nt thc last general election of Mr. J. C. Stewart for North Rockhampton. The chair was occupied by Mr. F. Power (Mayor of North Rockhampton), and among the company numb, ring a couple of hundred people-were Messrs. W. Kidston, H. F Hardocre, (J Kerr, C. H. Fitzgerald, and J. Hoolan, MM.L.A Tho hall was tastefully decorated with flowers and evergreens. Thc health of thc Queen having been honoured, The CHAIHMAK gave the toast of " Our finest." He said he had known Mr. S le wait as long ns anyone present-from the time when bc was workiug on the Emu Park Railway works aB a navvy-and he felt sure tiiat when Mr. Mewart bad served his time the electors would have reason to bo proud of their representative. There were many local matter-, such as thc water supply, which required attention, and bc had no doubt that when these were hrought to Mr. Stewart's notice he would do all he coull with regard to them. Ho had to congratu- late Mr. Stewart on thc pluck he had ehowed in contesting thc election, bccauBe one could hear the remarks everywhere, " He has no show," " He has no ghost of a show," It was no use for a young man to have no ambition, and his (thc Chairman's) ambition was to sit in Parliament as a member of the Queensland Labour patty. (Ap- plause ) He had always thought Sir Hugh Nelson WIB opposed to the Central Divinion, but speaking at the welcome given to the Governor by the- Scotsmen of Rockhampton thc other evening he (-jr Hugh) said bc looked upon the pen, le of the Central Division-who he (the Chairman) would remind those present bsd returned six Labour members at the late election-as 'lie moat intelligent of thc people of Queensland. (Laughter.) Thc toast was drunk with great enthusiasm -the con-puny cheering and singing. Mr. STF.W.IUI, whose rising was the signal for an outburst of applause, thanked the co.ii pany for drinking his health, the chairman for thc kindly way in which he had given the toast, and the committee that worked so hard to Bccnrc his return to Parliament at thc late election-a committee to whose exertions Iiis success was due. Many people imagined that Rockhampton North should be almost a safe seat for labour. No doubt there were a great many working men in it ; hut there was also u stroug conservative element and the vote of thc property-holders who resided in Rockhampton. i\ow, however, the electorate had returned one to the band of reformers, and he trusted that i neither himself nor any member of the Labour party would betray the trust which had been reposed in them by the people of the country. (Applause.) The question was often asked-Wfiat had the Labour party done ? To that he would reply -it had saved Queensland for the white man and reserved it from the maw of land-grant railway syndicates, and if it never did any- thing else it deserved the thanks not only nf the people now living, but of posterity. (Applause.) Rut for the Labour party he solemnly believed the colouy would now be overrun by uliens, and thc white men practi- cally «laves ; and thc Labour party, in saving thc colony from that, had saved it from thc horrors of civil war at no far distant period. (Mr. HOULAN : "Quite true.") The question was often asked-What did the Labour party intend to do? His reply to that WUB-W1 at it would do when it had a sufficient number ot democratic men returned to do the work was to confer the franchise on every man und every woman in the colony. Thc party did not believe in governing people without asking their con- sent; but, on thc other hand, believed that every man who obeyed the law of the lund and was a resident of thc colony was entitled to a voice in its government. The present Government, however, did not believe in that. It deliberately disfranchised a very large number of thc best und most serviceable colonists of the colony the miners, the shearers, the labourers, thc men who were compelled by the nature of their occupa- tion tn roam about from place to place. . He trusted, however, that before long the workers in thc towns and more populous districts on the coast would see that the men in the west got their politicil rights. Rockhampton Noith, at any rate, had decided that, as far as it was concerned, they should have what they were entitled to. Tho Labour party was not sufficient lystrong numerically at present to initiate legislation and until it had a majority in Parliament could not hope to do so. Therefore, if it did not do as much ns was expected from it, he hoped it would bc set down to the smallness of its numbers. With regard to local matters, he should be only toi glad to assist in promoting the interests of thc electorate in any way ho could. A very serious question which affected the interests of Rockhampton, Rockhamnton North, and the Central Division generally was the deepening nf the river-(applause), but he trusted, within a few years, that thc largest ships which came to Australia would be berthing at the wharves at Rockhampton (Applause.) When that was accomplished prosperity would be assured to Rockhampton, and, of course, to North Rockhampton. Thc division generally, and every resident and every Parliamentary representative, should strain every nerve to see that Rockhampton became the port of thiB part of the colony. The people of the west did not care two straws-at any rate they were not very particular-where the port was ; but the nearer it was to them thc better. Rock- hampton was nearer than Broadmount or Port Alma, and ho (Mr. Stewart) felt sure that, with modern appliances, the Fitzroy could bc deepened right up to thc Rock- hampton wharves. (Applause.) The meat works at Lake's Creek had grown very considerably since he arrived here eight years ago, and if deep water were provided right up to Rockhampton he felt sure those works would expand in a way that no one had any conception of. (Applause.) But the meat industry was not the only industry Rockhampton North possessed. There was also thc mining industry, and he believed that, with a lit tío encouragement, a great deal more gold could be got about Cawarral than was won nt present. Then thc electorate also had excellent agricultural laud between here and Yeppoon, and it only wanted opening to seulement under a good democratic Government, good laws, and Bound administration for a prosperous farming com- munity to bc created. (Applause) He trusted lie should never go back on anything he had said when he sought thc confidence of the electors, and that his relation! with them would be as cordial BB they were maw. (Applause.) If anyone had any matter of public importance to bring before him, he hoped he would let him know it. Members of Parliament were often blamed for neglecting their constituents ; but he wanted them to try and not neglect him. If there were any grievances to bc remedied he would like tu be communicated with. It was lira business to see to them. It was thc work he had bceu appointed to do and the work for which he should be paid. In fact, he looked upon himself as a state servant. (Applause ) Mr. K. ('. IOMKINS proposed "The Labour party und the western and northern mem- bers." Thc toast was drunk with musical honours and cheering Mr. Kr Kit responded. Referring to the late election for Barcoo, hi said he had o:ten been asked how it was he had had such a narrow squeak. He did not think he had had a narrow squeak; but that in defeating Mr. R. Newton he had achieved u grand victory, for he had beaten tile Government. And he had done that against great odds. Bribery had been held out in every shape and form. For instance, Mr. Newtou, if returned, was to have been Minister for Lands. (Applause.) Mr. HOOLAN also acknowledged thc toast in a speech extending over half-au- hour. He spoke in strong terms of condemnation of thc Government, and, referring particularly to Mr. Glasse}', said he could not under- stand all the cavilling about that gentleman. Mr. Glissey was the most sincere und'honcst politician he had ever met, and he had up till now done invaluable work for the electors of the colony. He had no reason to find fault with Mr. Plassey; und if he had uta e mistakes, they were not chargeable to bim, Out lo the party, because the party used to take the precaution of guarding against mistakes by discussing matters hefnre it stepped on thc carpet, nf the Legislative Assembly. But he (Mr. Hooluu) had not seen any mistakes, and he had no fault tn find with his old leader. At the conclusion ol his speech Mr. Hoolan was heartily cheered. Mr. HARIIACRK likewise spoke. Several other toasts were honoured, in- cluding those of " North Rockhampton " (proposed by Mr. Fitzgerald), and " i entrai Queensland " (responded to by Mr. Kidston). The proceedings, which Were protracted to a very late hour, were enlivcued by songs and recitations. 