A SECOND CHANGS Spring had sped with hastening foot and summer was at hand. The trees were com mencing to bourgeon in the gardens of Trinity and and St. John's. The air was soft and balmy, and Jack Crawford passed under the porch of St. Boniface with hope and purpose in his sturdy heart. Poor Jack. Ha needed all his nope and resolution to carry him through the im pending struggle. He was the most popu lar boy in Badfield school — the captain of the cricket eleven, best ' forward ' in the football, and annual ' spread- eagler ' of the school sports. But, alas, he was not clever, lu popular estimation he stood on an ex ceedingly lofty pedestal — out of school, at least. In school, alas, his normal position was rather less dignified — to wit, the bottom of the Lower Shell form. The straight bat interested him more than the obliquo narration. He, unfortunately, cared Igsb for the victories of Caspar in Gaul than those of his own house on the cricket field. In those bewildering carpeting sums he in variably omitted to allow for the fireplace. And his acquaintance with the architec tural Balbus of easy prosa reputation had ripened into a long and passionate friendship. Originally he had not intended to go to the University. But a letter from Charlie Lynam (an old BadfieldiaD, who was himself in the Oxford eleveri) assuring him that he had but to sustain bis last year's batting avernge to be tried at once for the 'Varsity, made him think that it might be worth while to spend a year at Oxford before entering his father's brewery. Dr. Tickler, his headmaster, was very sceptical as to his chances, and assured him he would have to display more industry than heretofore. This, of course, Crawford promised, and, with the coveted ' blue' before hi3 eyes, he certainly waded through his two Greek plays and five books of Vir gil with Titanic ardour, and also it must be aided, with the aid of a Bonn's 'crib.' These repeated technical efforts, together with endless pieces of prose and occa sional papers on arithmetic and Euclid, were Crawford's sole intellectual equipment. Though i!i was still the Easter vacation, his friend Lynam was ' up' reading for his Final Schools. There were, be sides, several old Radfieldians also ' up' in the University for a similar purpose, and Jack felt that if be could satisfy old 'Dioky Blades,' the senior tutor of St. Boniface, that be was a fit. and proper person, to enter the college, his first visit to Oxford would be extremely pleasant. He was directed by the porter to the college hall, where he found some twenty other men waiting. In a minute or two the senior tutor arrived and handed each a paper, and for the next three hours nothing was heard but the scampering of busy pens or the muffled sigb of him who was haply 'stumped.' Now the candidates had two papers in the morning and one in the afternoon, leaving the ' Books' (i.e., the two Greek plays and the Latin author) and the re maining paper for the following morning. On going over the results with Lynam in the evening, Crawford made out that with the exception of a shaky ' Prose' he had done as well as hs could have hoped for. His fate, therefore, entirely depended upon his proficiency in the set subjects. Now the system pursued at St. Boniface is as follows : — The men are examined on their books viva voce. Two of the Dons sit at the hijrh tables during the last paper and take the candidates one after the other in alphabetical order — something after the 'next pleaee' manner which obtains in a barber's shop. The two ex aminers in question were ' Dicky' Blades himself and oneKnyvett, the Junior Fellow of St. Boniface. This young Don had only been eleoted the previous term, but owing to the unexpected absence of the junior tutor he was entrusted with the task. Crawford came third on the list. He devoutly hoped be would be taken by Blades, a cheery, kindly old boy, by reason of having in the misty past rowed once in the St. B-nifaco ' Torpid,' kept a tender place in bis heart for the not too clever athlete. Knyvett, on the other band, was the typical smart young ' prig ' — the man who, in a system of open competition, is pretty sure to win his fellowship and ex press regret thereat ever after. With grim forebodings Crawford watched bis thin lips twitcb, as toying with his eye- glass he listened to the luckless boy before him blundering through a difficult passage. His forebodings were realised. Knyvett had ' rushed ' his man long before his more easy-going colleague had got to the second author. Crawford heard his name caUed in sharp academic accents, and approached the table with a trembling at the knees and a vacuum below the tbird button of his waistcoat which be had not experienced since his first match against tho M.O.C. He sit down and took the proffered volume, a plain text of Greek play. Now, Jack Crawford's, acquaintance with the classics did not resemble Mr. Welter'*-'-1 knowledge of London ; it was neither varied nor peculiar. He had got up most of th'e ' difficult passages in the two plays; bat, -- alas, he soon discovered that the mechanical ?; system of going over books with a crib is not quite the same as an actual acquaint* ance with the language. The particular passage at which he was put on was ex tremely difficult, and Crawford was a per- ? son who needed time for reflection. Ha commenced, made a mistake, was sarcas- : tically interrupted by his examiner ; got hot and flurried, lost his head, and made 'pie 'of the illustrious dramatist ha was tackling. Why dwell on the painful scene? The tbin-lipped Dor, who had never handled an oar or a cricket- bat, who Bpent his undergraduate days in smug, self complacent solitude, Lad about as much sympathy with an athlete as would an oyster. He enjoyed the futile struggles of the panting giant before him, and kept up a playful stream of sarcastic comment. ' Certain passages in the Virgil Crawford succeeded in translating — in a serjse, but when he returned to his seat he felt his certain destiny was a ' plough.' Great was the consternation among the old Badfieldians, when, later on, Crawford - told the story of his disaster in Lynam's rooms. ' It's a duced bad business, Jack,' said his host dejectedly. 4- From what you say and from what I know of that dirty Sammy Knyvett, you're a safe ' plough.' There's just a ghost of a chance. I told old Dicky Blades all about you, and that you were tbe best public school bat of tbe year, and ib meant having another Boniface man in the 'Varsity eleven, and I know, if he could, he'd let you through, especially if by doing so he would annoy Knyvett. You see dear old Dick likes his glass of port and a stoty, a good fellowship (with a sma'l *f') in the Common Boom, and it riles bim to see the little prig sipping his toast and water and ? sneering at everybody who lacks what he calls ' culchaw.' All tbe same I don't see how he can go behind Knyvett's decision. Luckily, I have to go to him at three with a ' Greats ' essay, so I'll mention to him ; casuawy inau you were nurriea a du, ana that you didn't do yourself justice. They ^ ' won't put up a list of successful men until midday to-morrow, and perhaps he may see Knyvett about you.' This seemed but a slender thread of hope to cling to, and Jack Crawford, though grateful, was none the less plunged ? : . into despair. . ' Hang it all, Jack,' cried Lynam in des- . pair, ' don't look so mopy. Come, let's have a jolly good evening, any way. There's no Hall to-nigbt, as there are not enough man up. So all you fellows come and have oold supper with me at eight and keep old Jack's Pecker up.' Fortunately for Lynam's project the ' senior tutor did causally enquire how bis schoolfellow had fared, and the astute scholar at once replied that Crawford wa3 a slow-brained man, who would probably have done much better had he been ex amined on paper, and that Mr. Knyvett 'a nrnner, though of course perfectly fair, was a little disconcerting to a man of dull. wit. B'aies made no reply, but Lynam. hid unconsciously touched a sympathetic chord. The good old tutor had reckoned fiat Knyvett had taken no leas than five men more that morning than he hid himself. He also knew from long experience that he did not give a man any more time than was juBt and reasonable. Moreover, though busily engaged he could not fiil to overhear the spaikl.ng sallies in which Knyvett indulged during Crawford's 'viva.' This, he thought, was not giving a man a fair. run for his money. Accordingly, when Knyvett came to his rooms about four with the marks of ihs men, B'ades could not help saying: . ' I see you have marked Crawford very . low. I'm sure your marking is quite cor- I rect, but as I happen to know that he has been lately very industrious, and that he is a dull, slow fallow, who ought to have time to think over things. Beside?, he is likely to do the college credit, and I shouldn't like him to go elsewhere. Could you give' him another chance t Put him on his plays again — eh ? — any time before ten this even ing will do.' ' Oh, certainly, if you wish,' said Kny vett sharply. ' I should imagine he is, as you say, a very dull young man, though doubtless able to wag an oar with ardor. I'm afraid, howover, I didn't take that latter fact into consideration. I can't re examine now, for I am engaged this after noon ; but if you will communicate with him I will, soo him ia my rooms at 10 this ^ evening. I am diuiug with a loj; qf people ?'''?' ' at the Strafford Hotel ; but I'll come away early.' Knyvett turned away abruptly. The dinner party in question consisted of some American acquaintances whom he had picked up, and to whom he was doing the honor of Oxford, and it certainly was ex tremely annoying that he should have to leave them. Had Crawford seen Knyvett compress his thin lips, he would not have set much store on his temporary reprieve. This, however, he happily did not see, and when the porter brought him a mes sage to his hotel that Mr. Kayvefct would Beo him at his rooms at 10 o'clock that evening for a further viva-voce in his hooks, he rushed to Lynam's rooms in a state of the wildest hope. His friend at once inferred that Blades had simply given Knyvett to understand that Crawford was not to be ploughed, and Shat the second examination was a mere form to keep up appearances. Elated and happy, the two friends put on flannels and had a game of racquets at the Holywell Courts. At eight the party of old Badfieldians sat down to cold supper. A fa; more luxurious c Dilation than those unacquainted with the resources of a college kitchen might imagine, especially when the host supplements the college beer and wine with a bowl of iced Moselle cup from a neigh boring pastrycook's. This is, on the face of it, an innocuous beverage. Compounded, however, by a University confectioner, ?with plenty of curacoa in it to tickle the Saw pa'ate of the undergraduate, it is a good deal more insidious than the partaker is aware of. Moreover, to fully appreciate its merits it should be artfully contrasted with other drinks of a simple character. In this particular duty Crawford was not re miss. Kavenously hungry with his hard day's vork, he pitched into the cold salmon, the p!geon-pie, and the beef with hearty zast. The evening was warm. The iced Moselle cup a revelation. There is no better beer In Oxford than at St. Boniface. Cha's over old times and old friends, necessitated the drinking of their healths. And, when Great Tom boomed in the distance, and the scout came to clear away, the bowl was empty and the decanters running low. Apart, however, from a feeling of elation, and a happy disregard for the future, Craw ford experienced no immediate result from his unwonted potations. And so they all eat round the Oriel window passing the bottle round in the gathering darkness. Suddenly the college clock struck ten. Crawford remembered his appointment with the examiner, got up, and with a slightly unsteady gait, walked ouc into the Quad, having promised Lynam to come back and tell the result of the interview. Then, as certain novelists say, ' a strange thing happened.' The moment he went out into the night air, he felt the quadrangle whiz round him, and his legs rock violently. 'With a ghastly thrill of horror he realised the truth. He was drunk. He had no alternative but to face the situation. So he stood in the centre of the Quad as it whirled round, waited until Knyvett's staircase came opposite, made a dash for it, and eventually got to the door, at which he knocked and entered. There was a table on which stood several lighted candles, which danced madly before his affrighted gaze j beside them were the three text books'. On the hearth rag stood Knyvett, who, in Crawford's eyes, seemed gently swaying to and iro. A voice which Sounded strangely muffled requested him to sit down and open the book at a certain passage. He obeyed. With a violent mental effort he began. Again and again he tried to concentrate his faculties. But in vain. The face of the examiner seemed blurred and distant. The room swam round and round him. The words of his persecutor seemed to his dull hearing as inconsequent as he was conscious his own were, and after having unsuccessfully tried to trans late several passages, he could stand it no longer and crying out, ' Oh, heaven?, what a beastly and degrading thing it is ior a man to get drank,' ha lurcbed out of the room, made his way as best he could to his hotel, flung himself on the bed, and was soon in a drunken slumber. When he awoke, it was a bright summer's morn ing. Bells were clanging all round, and by bis side, distracted with grief, was Btanding Lynam. He had noticed hio friend's unsteady gait on leaving the room, and that, together with the fact that Craw ford had not returned to tell his fate, had filled him with apprehension and remorse. Just as Crawford, now realising the whole horror of the situation, was telling Lynam his awful experience, the under porter of 8t. Boaifaeo hnookocl a$ tho doop and said that Mr. Kn\vett requested to see Mr. Crawford in half an hour. ' You must go, Jack, at any cost. Let him have his say first, and then implore him to forgive you. Don't bother about the ' plough,' take it. Don't you see if he makes a fuss about it, and the warder gets to hear, he will never put you on the college books. Oh, Jack, it is all my fault. Here get into your tub and dress as fast as you can.' Within the prescribed time Crawford was standing once more in the presence of Samuel Knyvett. Somehow that gentle man did not appear quite so austere and contemptuous as Crawford might have expected. He looked rather weary. His eyelids drooped and his hair looked less sleek than usual. ' I have sent for you, Mr. Crawford, as you no doubt supposed, in consequence of what occurred last night.' He paused, bat Jack remembering Lynam's advice, held his tongue. Kayvett continued. « The— er — fact is, I am myself naturally a very temperate man — piactically mieed a water drinker. I had been dining with some friends at the Stafford Hotel ; they are people of a hilarious temperament ; prone to strong drink. They ordered champagne, and I am unaccustomed to that drink, which I now perceive is apt to eff jet the brain unconsciously, and — er — the fact is I took, as you must have perceived, more than was good for me.' ' Good Lord,' thought Jack, as he gradually realised that the figure he had seen swaying, actually was swaying — that the words which sounded so incoherent upon his ear, had been veritably so. *' I returned to College to examine you, and was in hopes that I could have suffi ciently commanded my faculties for the task, and that you would not have detected my condition. Of course, the fact that I hai considerable difficulty in following your translations at all, and that you openly avowed in my presence your horror at my disgusting condition, were sufficient proofs that I was not successful. I could only ask you,' he continued, after another pain ful pause, ' to remember that I am but a few years older ihan yourself, and that exposure would affjct my academic career. Might I ask you, if you had not already done so, not to mention the sad circum stance to any one ?' Crawford could not help feeling sorry for the poor wretch. His sneer was gone, and there was a ring of sincerity in his voice which contrasted refreshingly with his usual mincing tones. Pity, however, did not deter Jack from turning this extra ordinary turn in events to his own advan tage. 'As an actual fact,' said he, ' I have not as yet mentioned it to any one, sir. I can assure you, as a member of the College — I repeat, sir, as a member of the College — loyalty to St. Boniface, of which we would then be both members, would deter me. I hope I may regard myself as having satisfied your test 1 For I am sure, sir, however dru ? I mean overcome you were, you could not fail to see how very much better my translations were last night than in the morning. Is not that so t' He looked at Knyvett with a droll smile. The latter could not refrain from also smiling. ' Certainly, Mr. Crawford, you can re gard yourself as having passed the St. Boniface matriculation. At least, I will tell Mr. JJle$d.G$ that, bo far as I could judge, your translations were in every respect admirable.' ' Well, Crawford,' said the Head-master of Rad field, a few hours later when Craw ford went to report his success, ' it cer tainly dees you the greatest credit. I never thought you had so much in you.' ' Hum,' mutteied Jack, as he went out, .' if you only knew how much J did have in me last night, you might possibly change your opinion.' 