ALONG THE LINE. The fruit and vegetable exhibits at the Show on Friday and Saturday last at Thornleigh were generally admitted to be the best seen for many a day. The Show was a thorough success (financial- ly and otherwise) which is a very creditable fact to all concerned. The following are the present office bearers of the Association : — President— Mr. James Purser, J.P. Vice Presidents - Dr. Foster, Dr. Walters, Messrs. C. E. Byrnes. J. Boyles, and J. Duffy. Com- mittee : Messrs. R. B. Maher, T. H. Duffy, A. P. Maher, P. Duffy, W. Giblett, J. Lovell, H. Carpenter, W. Bevan, F. Thompson, and W. A. Brodie. Truatsees— Messrs. N. Duffy, A., Lorenzini. Hon. Treasurer— Mr. T. A. Board Auditor— Mr. H. O Holcombe. Hon. Secretary — Mr. H. Epthorp. The foot-racing proved a big draw on Satur- day afternoon. Messrs. J. A. Lovell, A. P. Maher and P. Duffy were handicappers, and Mr. A. P. Maher, starter. For report see page 8\. The starting could have been much improved upon, as some of the runners used to the game got more than their handicaps by the time the gun was fired. A protest was lodged against J. Lovell by A. P. Maher, for the committee race, on account of his starting off his wrong mark. This is to be considered at a committee meeting this week, when it will most probably he decided to run the race over again. The committee race was the worst of all to start. There is talk of several matches being made among some of the competitors; - L. Bellamy and O. Thompson are almost sure to meet. It will be a good race should the money go up. Mr. T. Thompson, on arrival home with his poultry exhibit on Saturday night, missed his prize bird, a bantam cock. He reported the matter to Constable Den- man, thinking it was stolen, but on Sunday the little bird walked into his yard crowing all right. Miss Jessie Heffernan is again to be compli- mented on her pianoforte playing on the occas- sion of the Horticultural concert. The entertainment itself was, however, a terrible failure, and quite disgusted the numer- ous patrons who paid for their admission. Miss Pauline Lorne was announced to sing, but did not do so, owing to some hitch. Others on the programme also failed to appear. Constable Denman and Kelly were present during Show time. Only two individuals had to be spoken to by them, one a noisy fellow from Pennant Hills side, and the other, a gentleman who surely ought to have known better. The Chatswood ball in connection with the Hornsby-Milson's Point Railway Officials was a brilliant success. The tickets, programmes etc. for the oc- casion were greatly admired. Mr.G. Stead, the popular Stationmaster at Chatswood, has accepted a similar appoint- ment on the Western Australia railway line, which means an increase o£ £110 on his pre- sent salary. Mr. E. Ware is having a hard time of it in the Sydney Hospital with his broken leg. Mr. A. Ware has to undergo another operation with his eye at the Eye Hospital. The Carlingford dog-biting business was set down for hearing at the Ryde Police Court out Tuesday. The parties, however, did not appear, mat- ters having been amicably settled by them out of court. Mr. G. Fox, from Rockdale, has commenced business as a general storekeeper in the new shop premises recently erected by Mr. James Sonter at Carlingford East. Carlingford is now well supplied with bakers, grocers and butchers, and the resi- dents are reaping the benefits of competition. Mr. W. Thacker will start running a cart round the district next week. Heretofore he confined his business to the shop. Mr. Belmore Shields inflicted an ugly gash in his foot with an axe the other day. Mr. Tom Luckey was a visitor to Thorn- leigh during Show time, and tried hard to ac- quire the Royal Hotel. The extension of time allowed for the erection of the new hotel at Thornleigh has expired, consequently it will not be erected. A. Curtis and T. Stanton will probably meet for a small wager on the Thornleigh pedes- trian track. Jack Cassell's "Crooky,'' beat Laurence Duffy's " Ghost" a quarter-mile go over Harris' track the other morning. During the Wesleyan service at Thornleigh on Sunday night, Miss A. Moon took serious ly ill and had to be conveyed to Mr. J. H. Shield' s residence, where she is still under the care of Dr. Doudney. Good progress is being made with, the new Anglican Church at Carlingford East. Services in connection with the Wesleyan Church will be commenced at Carlingford East on tomorrow, Sunday. The Thornleigh barber and boot-repairer has removed into smaller premises. Nearly £10 was taken at the concert on Saturday night by the Horticultural Associ- ation. At the present time, if the same troupe was announced to perform, it is questionable if they could get an audience of 20. Full accoount of the Show at Thornleigh and the races will be found on page 7. 