EIJLLMILNJYT WErLEYA(N OURITCH, The anniversary celebration in connec, tion with the above church took place on Sunday and Monday, and the occasion was also taken advantage of to welcome the Rev R. Brown, successor to the Rev Mr Burridge. The building was nicely deco rated, an exquisitely worked motto over the main archway being very appropriate, via., " lilest be the tie that binds pastor and people." The rev. gentleman preachebd morning and evening to crowded congrega- tions, his utterances being most attentively listened to. Mr Brown is a man of large physicial proportions, his commanding pres- ence being greatly in his favor s a public speaker. His voice, though. not of large compass, is yet clear and resonant, and as he possesses a good. command of language, he can, without greatly exerting himself, exercise a .deep and lasting impression on his hearers. Those wh6 heard him on Sun- day were.loud in their praises of the new minister. In the morning the preacher chose for his text the words--"And Jesus was in the midst," and inthe evening spoke with considerable power on the subject of 1 "Naaman the leper." . The tea on Monday evening wase largely at- tended. The trustees' table (a double one) a occusied the central position, and attracted particular attention by the handsome ar- rangement of the decorations and the splendid variety of the edibles displayed, The ladies who presided were Mesdames - Parkes, Clifford, Champion and Miss E. L. Sitlington. On either side were the sub- acribers' tables, which were handsomely and attractively got up, one of them being presided over by Mrs A. J. Sitlington, Miss E. Webb and Miss Mattie Hanson, while the other table was presided over by Mrs J.. Lowe and Mrs Whytecross. The choir table was a. "real gem," reflecting the highest credit on the fair damsels who had taken such pains to make the "festive board" so attractive from a cullinary, as well as an artrstic, point of view. The ladies who presided were Miss Hillhouse and Miss Benallack, assisted by Miss M.A Benallack and Miss A. Johnson. After the tea the church was cleared and the seats re-arranged for the public meeting, which was presided over by Mr Diprose. The chairman said the meeting partook of a two-fold character - to celebrate their anniversary and accord a welcome to Mr and Mrs Brown. He also wished to tender a hearty welcome to Mrs C. F. Hawkins. As a church and people they were greatly interested in, and appreciated very highly, the esteemed services of the ministers' wives, who were next in importance to the ministers. Ministers were, after all, only men, and reguired the kindly and sym- pathetic help of the people they labored amongst. He concluded by asking the meeting to accord Mr and Mrs Brown and family, and also Mrs Hawkins, a most cordial welcome, which was responded to by hearty rounds of applause. The eleventh annual report was read by Mr B. Lowe, the secretary, and was .to the following effect:-" The attendance at the services had been well maintained during the year. The morning service was mostly attended by young people who were mem- ers of the Bible class, which meets every Sunday morning at 10 o'clock. The Thurs- lay night service was also well attended, and deep interest appeared to be taken therein. The Sunday circuit collections showed a decided increase, the total for the year being about £22, which was over £6 above the yearly average for the past 10 years. The members' roll showed an in- crease of 10. The society stewards were Messrs Hebb and Bowen; poor steward, Mr Clifford, During the year they had added a member to the trust in the person of Mr Hebb, who was always doing something for the benefit of the trust. Their new pastor stood before them for the first time, a stranger among strangers, and the trustees and congregation gave him a hearty welcome, and they hoped and prayed that his labors would be crowned with success. In December last they held an industrial exhibition in aid of the trust funds, the proceeds amounting to £21 6s 10d. The trustees tendered their grateful thanks to the members and officers of the exhibition, the subscribers:and exhibitors, as well as to all who co-operated in making the exhibition such a pronounced success. The harvest thanksgiving services were held on the 9th and 10th February, a good sum being raised towards the cost of paint- ing the church, Their best thanks were due the friends who gave the offerings, and also to the collectors. Since last aniversary they had paid £50 off the debt on the building, leaving £50 still standing. The trustees acknowledged their indebtedness to Mr Sitlington (conductor), Miss Hill- house (organist), and other members of the choir for their services during the year. The treasurer's report showed they had an overdraft at present of £4 16s. The Rev. B. B. Roberts said that as he was the only minister from the other churches present he would, on behalf of all the Ministers and churches of Colac, ex- press the pleasure he felt in welcoming the Rev. Mr Brown, his wife and family. He liked to see the mininters working side by side. They were engaged in a wonder- fully important work, such as was not to be equalled in any other department of work, and with much earnestness and force he tried to impress them all with the vastness of this soul-saving work. He concluded a deeply thoughtful address, lightened at times with sparks of humor, by hoping that Mr Brown would be made a blessing, not only to the people of the church he belonged to, but to all the ministers and people of Colac and neighborhood. Mr Bevan, senior circuit steward said he had very great pleasure in welcoming Mr I and Mrs Brown and family. He agreed with Mr Roberts that ministers and Christian workers were engaged in a great work, and believed that what was wanted was more Holy Ghost power. Mr T. J. Dyson, junior circuit steward, said he felt jt not only a duty but a pleasure to be present. They wanted more pastoral visitation ; they should see their minister, say, once a quarter. Rev. R. Brown said he felt " frayed out " after listening to so many kindly things about himself and Mrs Brown, and was beginning to feel that he was an angel. At the same time he assured them he heartily reciprocated all that had been said; it would encourage him in his work. He was particularly well pleased with the Western district, and the: hearty, kindly, homely and sympathetic ways and manners of the people, his acquaintance with this part dating from 1874. The people had not only kiind words, but a good hand grip and sincere eye, so that their frankness and sincerity made him feel comfortable and happy. His wife was already looking ever so much happier, and would soon be look- ing a "blooming girl;" she would be taking the shine out of the blooming girls of the Western district. He liked the tone of the speeches that night, and agreed with the speakers that the world was growing better. Some people took a gloomy view of the state of reljgion in this colony, He thought it a hopeful sign when the press found it necessary to keep up with the times by devoting a large space to reports of religious matters, &c.; There was never a time when his Master, Christ, had more power than He had to-day. They all had something to do in the great work of saving souls. Experience had proved that in carry- ing out this work, it was more difficult to drive out a wrong thought than to get a good one in, but he would counsel them to exercise patience and endurance. The Rev. C. F. Hawkins said that of all the things he had heard that night, there was not anything that pleased him so much as to hear the Rev. Mr Brown pray, The man he esteemed most highly was the man who was able to draw him nearer to his Father. They must not expect that Mr Browi was going to do everything. They might have no circuit debts, and all the necessary equipments for a splendid work, and yet do nothing. They would be all the better by Iooking past Mr Brown to the Holy Ghost. He joined heartily with them by welcoming Mr and Mrs Brown and family, and was anticipating much spiritual profit by his conversation and preaching. He knew that in other places Mr Brown had influenced men who had never been touched before by other ministers, and he prayed that God would. endue him with still greater power, and be richly blessed of God. Votes of thanks were then passed to the ladies for the tea ; to the conductor, Mr Sitlington ; the organist, Miss Hillhouse ;. the decorators; the Rev. R. Brown and the chairman, after which the meeting dis- persed. 