UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES. RENAISSANCE COURSE. The second lecture ot his Extension course on the “ Renaissance ” was delivered to a crowded audienoe, in the Mining Exchange, by Professor Harper, M.A., B.D., on Thurs- day evening, the special topic being “The Renaissance in the political and social life of Italy.” The anticipated treat was more than realised. Barely, if ever, has a lecture so full of fascinating matter and so eloquently expressed been heard at Ballarat. The professor began by showing the over- powering influence of the Empire over the rest of Europe, giving as illustra tions, Frederick L (Barbarossa), (Red Beard), whose memory even to this day is kept green in Germany by many stories, one of which is that in the fulness of time he will come from his cave to rescue Germany from bondage, and give her the foremost place of all the world. His son Frederick II., who, govern ing his Empire from Sicily and the south of Europe, aided by a vicar in the north, was graphically depicted, showing his partiality for Oriental politics and religion, and the narrow escape of Europe from Mahometan domination. The theory and in fluence of feudalism was elearly traced, and the cause stated for its comparatively weak influence in Italy. The reign of Frederick was characterised by the intensely selfish policy of the emperor, who was pagan in life and in ideals. The development of the Papacy as a temporal territorial power was clearly traced. After Frederick and Ezzelino there arose a crowd of tyrants who were in general ghibelline leaders. The tyrannies of the 14th century were in Italy something awful. The crimes committed were fearful, as they were the actions of men who neither feared God nor regarded man; who were earthly, sensual and devilish. The alliance of the Papacy with the Guelfs was shown, and the reasons were assigned for a reduced respect to an imperial ideal. The rise of the smaller States was indicated and examples given of the enormous development of individuality and force. Several of these were in essence, heathens, denying Christian authority, and doubters of the truth of Christianity. There was no general law of morality which itself was not recognised in politics. The motto was “The end justifies the means.” With most the guiding prin ciples were that success was every thing, no matter how attained, and that deceit and violence were not only allowable but laudable. The very meaning of virtue, as we understand the word, was twisted to mean force. Courage and energy were used as synonymous with fine and praiseworthy crimes. This adoration of individual force paved the way for the Condottieri, who gradually seized and held Italy. Here the professor gave a charming sketch of the rise and influence of the Condottieri. There were soldiers who hired themselves to States and cities for purposes of offence and defence. The cause for which they fought was of no account; their concern was good wages paid regularly. When the money was either slow in coming or irregular, the Con dottieri took it out in land, sometimes getting a district assigned them, and thus founding dynasties. One of the most celebrated of the Condottieri was an Englishman, who pros pered so well that he had a territory assigned to him. His name was John Hawkwood, son of a tanner in Essex, afterwards a tailor, who was pressed for the army. He served in France, and showed himself to be of such good courageous stuff that he obtained the favor of the Black Prince. He was knighted by Edward III., thus becoming Sir John Hawk wood. After the peace of Bretigny, 1360, Sir John collected a band of men-at-arms, went to Italy, helped Pisa to defeat Florence in 1364, served Bernardo, Visconti, and Pope Gregory XI.; then in 1375 he served Florence, which city “ retained ” him very much as a successful lawyer is retained, so that he should not fight against the city. He became Captain-General for Florence, married, and died in Italy honored by all; and Richard II. of England applied that his bones might rest in English soil. Some racy anecdotes wore narrated with reference to the Italian Condottieri, especially as to the mode of payment for services. One of these, who had rendered signal services to an Italian state was thus rewarded. After various modes of rocognising the State’s great obligations to the soldier of fortune who had rescued it from destruction, it was agreed that his re compense should be as follows in their own words “ Let us kill him, and then worship him as our patron saint.” Treatment such as this naturally embittered the Condottieri, and rendered their relations with their employers of a somewhat “strained” character. There were some notable examples of Italian Condottieri. Francesco Sforza was one of those. He was one of a very numerous family —some 20 brothers and sisters. He was trustworthy, humane, a brilliant general, but in his public life un scrupulous and faithless—hesitating at nothing so that he might attain his object —at last he got Milan, 1447-50. The Condottieri States were not, however, tolerated after 1465\. Macchiavelli’s “ Prince” is a work that elaborates the principles on which they acted. The tendency of all these tyrannies was the setting free of the individual. Wilfulness became the ideal of character; all old beliefs, all restraints, were shaken off; many promi nent men lived as if moral obligation did not exist. As illustrations, the Professor gave the cases of the Borgias (Alexander and Cesar) and Sigismondo Malatesta. Sigismondo Malatesta, who died in 1467, was a monster. He had great military skill and high culture, but he was unscruplous, impious, a monstrous criminal who had murdered or divorced one after another three wives, and was also guilty of unspeakable crimes. He was burned in effigy at Rome. On the base of the figure was inscribed—“ This is Sismond Malatista, son of Pandolfo, chief of traitors, the enemy of God and man, condemned to the fire by the resolu tion of the Sacred College.” He was an athiest a and believer in dreams and ghosts. He put ink into the holy-water bowl, and laughed when the people marked themselves. He built a splendid church at Rimini to St. Francis, 1445-1450, in which he placed a tomb to the memory of one whom he loved, and he also placed a picture of himself kneeling with radiantly devotional countenance before his patron saint. He was an educated per son, and honored scholars. and poets. As to the Borgias, gave a very full and graphic description, largely excul pating, by the way, Lucrezia Borgia, from her traditional character, and referring his audience for justification for what he said of Alexander Cæsar to an article on the Borgias in a recent number of the Dublin Review. The position and ideals of women of an Italian Renaissance were then described. In a graphic and charming manner the lecturer showed the baneful effects of the at tainment in Italy in the 15th century of what with us goes by the name of “ women’s rights,” also the hardness of character conse quently induced and the shameful topics that were unblushingly talked about. The reason that society was not destroyed,- as under similar circumstances would now be the case, was because of what Herbert Spencer would call the environment. Nature was looked at simply, naturally, not suggestively, and the tone of society, especially in the higher circles, was favorable to the absolute equality of women with men. Sons and daughters were put under the same course of literary and philosophic instruction. The daughters wrote and spoke Latin. Many were poets. Of these Vittoria Colonna is immortal. The love poems are grand—clear, precise, definite; but there are no tender shades of sentiment. The language is ex quisite, clear, charming, melting Italian. After speaking of the word “ Virago,” which with us has a most equivocal meaning, but which with the Italians of the 15th century was a term of highest praise, the lecturer ended with a brilliant sketch of Ben venuto Cellini’s life and character. The description of the summary and (to Cel lini) satisfactory way in which he stopped a suit at law was admirably done. In the above imperfect sketch, which is a mere outline of a most memorable lecture, want of space pre vents reference to the delightful sketch of the relations between the noble Michael Angelo and Vittoria Colonna. As stated with refer ence to the first Renaissance lecture, so with this; to be thoroughly appreciated Professor Harper must be heard on his great sub ject. The professor ended his lecture amid the hearty applause of an unusually numerous audience. The announcement. that tho third lecture of the Renaissance course would be given on Thursday, the 13th instant —the subject being “ The Renaissance in Italy as exhibited in Literature”—concluded an Extension lecture of unique brilliancy and interest. 