A MUCH-MIXED AFFAIR; OR, THE MYSTERY OF AN EBONY BOX. - CHAPTER XXVI.— Contikukd. ' Ki tor this there followed a discussion of the case from every standpoint. The weak places were strengthened. Tim loon holes were uuarded. The case J the opposition was ewmmou in ua very iongest aspect, and evidence »nd law were arranged to overthrow it. In all this planning and building np of ] -l-i1 defence, the old man showed him », f to be infinitely Fizzler's superior ; .t) indeed, there wore'bnt very few men at the bar his equal. Gordon ^police ann r lz/.ier u«u o-''' down stairs, and having heard the door -lose behind them, the old man was about to return to his room, when he saw another light near by, and he heard a tipsy voico singing : 'They have given her to another ; They have broken ev'ry vow : They have given her to another, And my heart i» lonely now.' Suddenly the singing stopped, and an M fellow, with a lamp in his hand and a .-err conspicuous wart on his noBO, called JU' Hello, old friend 1- What's o'clock V 'About two, Mrlvins — ' ' Thought 'twas day.' 'Mr. Irins,'or James Sharp, pulled t big black bottle from the rear pocket jf his coat, and standing with his feet irell apart to keep from tumbling over, he jontinued, with many 'hies' : ' Say— 1'tb got some of the best brandy hero you ever drank. I want some, but [ never drink alone. No man but a beastly drunkard will— -will— sneak off binieselfsn' drink 'lone.' '? You are quite right, Mr. Iritis,' said Sararais Spence, ' and if yon come into my room, where I have aome excellent water, I Bhall be pleased to join you in a. niyht-csp.' '; Good,' said the man with the bottle, ind he slapped Sammis Spenco on the back and followed him into the stuffy sitting- room. Glasses were procured, pipes wore lit, and the old hermit, glad to have a little V^n-il- in )ii a mnnntnnnlia lt'fA lltlfGlv 6n joyed the company of the gentleman who rented the back rooms. Indead Sammis Spence indulged so freely in his potations that he fell asleep in his chair, and he did not wako up till the sun was shining in tho window and the roar of the city's life came up from the streets. CHAPTER XXVII ; THE INVALID There had not been in all the city a happier, cozier lodging-house than Mona Railway's, but all this was much changed now. Of course, tho coziness and mere ex ternal comfort remained ; it. could not nave been otherwise under Mona's man agement. We forfeit no happiness and make no painful sacrifices for those we love, for docs not true happiness depend on the constant manifestation of our affec tions ? The Watts sisters, who werfi thought to be just a little selfish by the younger lodgers, caniu nut. splendidly during George Cromwell's illness. TVif-v insisted mi talcino- rmrnlar turns with Edith and Mona in nursing him, and ?hey took it upon themselves to keep the sick room supplied with flowers. But it was on Edith that the watching and the waiting told most cruelly. She never complained : never, in the awful cri3is of the. wounded man's case, did she lose that calm, confident self- poise that distinguished her. But the most unobservant could see that this calmness was very different from apathy. Her cheeks became hollow and color less, and there were pained lines about the corners of her mouth. Her hands got very thin — so thin that ohe could no longer wear her mother'? wedding ring, but she put it in lier pocket s' said not a word. For a few days after George was brought home Edith did not go down to the office of Legrand, Mason & Balch, but she sont a note explaining her absence, %-hich satisfied them. She would have resigned her position and devoted all her time to George had i* not been for Mona — backed ud bv the doctor. They represented to her that a change of nurses would bo beneficial to the wounded man. This had ten times more effect on her conduct than their warnings that she was ruining her own health. When at length she was prevailed on to return to those duties on which she was dependent for her daily bread, she per formed them with an accuracy and dis patch that might lead those who did not know her to infer that there was nothing else on her mind. One day, about six weeks after the ?wounding of George Cromwell, Mr, Torbert — Geonje'R partner — came to the office and was closeted for s long time 'with Mr. Legrand the head of the estab lishment. Edith had got through her work aboui four in the afternoon, and was congratulat ion herself on beinsr able to aee Georce bo soon, wnen mr. i_.cgrana came out oi the privite office and said ' ' Miss Spence, Mr. Torbert and myself want to speak with you for a few mo ments.' Tf. xrnc nrtt: +.Tl*» fi*«f-. tima elia lia/1 f.allrOf with them about her case, as she called it, but hitherto she had simply told the story of her life so far as she could recall it. ' We feel Mr. Cromwell's loss very much in this case began Mr. Legrand, 'for there were many things of importance which he was working out but which we find it impossible to follow. Do you think Misa Speucc, that he is strong enough to talk about business?' '? I do not sir,' replied Edith ; ' and [ should rather sacrifice all than jeopardize his life for my sake.' 'I am afraid,' said Mr. Torbert ' though the fact may never be proved, that it was his attention to your interests that has brought him where he is. But in this he was simply doing his full duty, and that is .i great comfort to his friends. Now Miss Spence, we wish to ask you if ;Mr. Cromwell ever told you about some evidence which himself and a friend named Sharp — James Sharp — were work ing up ?' '?* ' No, sir, and I have only seen James Sharp once since Mr. Cromwell was wounded. ' ' Where was he then 1' from Mr Legrand. ' At the lodging- house — where I live.' 'What's Mr. Sharp's business?' ' Ho is a life insurance agent.' ' Doyou know whafcompany he works *»?* ?- — ? '1 do not.' -- ' Ha3 Mr. Sharp an office of his own ?' ' I do not know.' ' Do you know of any intimate friends of Sharp's besides Mr. Cromwell ?' ' Yes, Mr. De Vere.' ' Mr. De Vere lodges at Mrs. Han wsy'B 1' 'He did, but he left about ten days ago, and has not returned,' said Edith. ' Where would a letter reach him 'I' ' I could not say.!1 ' We ask these questions, Miss Spence,' explained Mr. Torbert, 'because we have made a great effort to find Mr. Sharp, but have not succeeded.' ' Well,'8aid Mr. Legrand, ' we can put detectives on his track and advertise for him. One thing is certain, if Gcorgo Cromwell doos not get well or James Sharp is not found, we'll have nothing to rest a case on — at least the case will present greater difficulties. By the way,' to Mr. Torbert, — 'did you hear who Fizzler has associated with liiti ;' '1 have not.' ' Willits and Blackie.' ' He'll have to pay them.' ' He has paid them. They are honor able men, to be Bure, but I do not ihink I could well bring myself to have any thing to do with that creature Fir/.lcr. I remember that years ago he came near being sent up. Do you remember the Sammis Spenco case V' ' Very well,' said Mr. Torbort. ' He was a great rascal, and a sharp ono. It was George Cromwell's father who ex poBed his villainies ' ' What evor becamo of Sammis Spence ?' ' Don't know, Mr. Legrand ; but he must be dead.' Then after a pause, and addressing himself to Editk : *' I mean no disrespect, Miss, but I am wondering, at this niomjnt, if Sammi? Spence could be any relation of youi father. Can you recall ever having heard of him V 'Never,' replied Edith. ' How long have you known GordoD Spence 1' asked Mr. Logrand. ' I think I can remember him when I was a little child. ' Are you not sure that you can re member him ?' ' Yes, reasonab'y sure.' ' Where was he then 7' 'Up at Brighton.' ' That was- boforo your mother took JuU to r 'ranee t 'Yes.' ' And you did not see him again till you returned a few years ago ?' ' No.' ' Did you ever hear you mother speak of him?' ' I never heard her mention my father or any of his family : her mind wiis for a long time sadly astray, tho result of an injury I have heard.' ': Can you recall Nora Dolan when you were a little girl ?' ' I sometimes think 1 can, but it is all like a dream.' ' But you are not so uncertain in your recollection of your father ?' said Mr. Torbert. 'Oh, no,' she said, eagerly, 'that is the one thing in those oarly years that I am sure of. There is no face in my memory so vivid as his, no incident that I can recall so distinctly as his taking mo in his arms and bidding me good by, when he left t - join his regiment in India. I thought it. so strange that he, a great strong man, should have tears on his cheeks like a child.' ' Ha !' exclaimed Mr. Legrand, as ho made a note, 'that is a very fine bit of evidence, and capitally well put.' ' So it is,' said Mr. Torbert. For fully two hours they questioned Vdith, she answering frankly and promptly. It is not certain that they would not have kept on for two hours more, had they not been warned of the approach of night by the decreasing light. Through Edith both gentlemen sent their very kind regards to George Crom well ; and she hastened homo. She was within a few hundred yards of 34 South Lyme street, when in passing a dark alley-way she saw a most disreput able old man, who to her groat surprise and alarm, called out : ' Miss Edith, I want to speak to you.' ' I do not know you, sir1', she said, avoiding the hand ho extended to detain her. ' Don't go; 1 am James Sharp !' 'James Sharp?' she repeated, and the voice was his, but the face and figure ! ' Yos ; I'm disguised. Can't remove the wart for the world ! I'm working for you and George, and — and Nora,' said James Sharp CHAPTER XXVIII. SOMESTRAJiGE PROCEEDINGS. ' No wonder you don't know me. 1 am aware that I look like the Old Scratch himself,' protested James Sharp. ' I sometimes feel as 1 look. But I say, Miss Edith, don't you believe me ? ' I must believe you,' she replied. ' Ah, thanks. I'd like to come out and shake hands with you ; but tho fact, is, 1 must keep shady. And then it'd never do for you to be seen in tho com pany of such a disreputahle old scamp as I appear to be. Won't detain you a moment ; but will you do me a favor V' 'With pleasure, Mr. Sharp,' said Edith, now convinced that the man standing in tho shadows was a'.l he represented him self to bo. ' I want you to explain to Mrs Han way and Patsy that I'm wearing this rig. It's well they should be prepared, for I propose entering the house to-night by the back way, and I don t want to be shot, or have an alarm given when I'm climbing the fence.' ' I will do as 3*ou say. Will you come to-night?' asked Edith, suddenly recal ling 'the inquiries the lawyers had made thai afternoon for this remarkable young man . . ' Yes ; if not. to-morrow night. After dark, of course. Au revoir, Miss Edith.' And with this James Sharp disappeared up the alley at a double quick. Edith was still wondering over thiB very strange meeting, when she reached home. Mona met her at the door with ihe salutation : ' I'm sorry you didn't come home earlier, for 1 wanted you to know the good news.' . ' The good news,' repeated Edith. 'Yes. Sure, the doctors say he's out of all danger. An' for the last two hours tie's been listenin' for yer footsteps, so that he might tell you how well he feels himsel'. Come in, just as .you are, an' see him just for a ' minute. A Bight of vou is the best medicine he can have. But, for yer life, don't stay too long, sup per will be cold.' 'While Mona was speaking, sho took Edith's rrm and led her to the door of the sick man's room, but she did nob go in herself. As it was now -£}**? dark, there was a light barnirig in the room; and Edith saw George sitting propped up in bed, with an expectant smile about his lips, and the old hopeful light in his eyes. ' Oh,' he said half raising his arms, ' I am so glad you have come, Edith. I havu been listening and waiting.' Through tho long weary illness, and while ho hung between life and death, thoro must have been some declaration of love, or perhaps it would bo more accu rato to say, ' there must have been some understanding between them '' as to their affection, ono for the other. ' Mona gave mo the good news,' she said, as she knelt by his bed and kissed him, ' and 1 am so thankful, George, and to very happy.' There was but little more said for somo minutes. There came a tap at the door, and .then Mona called in : ' Yer dinner, that was put away for you, Miss Edith, is down below in the kitchen oven, an' Patsy says it'll be dried up to a crisp if you don't come down mid eat it rightaway.' ' You am always good and thoughtful, Mona,' said Kdith, turning to the door. 'An' it's you that should be^more t-^A.,rrl,tf ,,1 #»f vfireol' ninrrt ri:n-tii!nl -? r now when there's so much to live for,' said Mona, as as she followed Edith down to the dining-room. Despite PatRy's fears that thu dinner would be dried to a crisp, it was produced in a state that would have tempted a very poor appetite. Tt was the first meal that Edith had en joyed for many long weeks ; and she had just finished it, and was about to go up stairs, when Patsy in the kitchen near by, was heard to call out in angry tones : ' Clear away. Baal you come along this fellnr, cump. Oosh!' and Patsy made ??' hideous grimace. ' No good you — all same sundowner. ' Why Patsy, don't you know me ? Tins wart's only make-believe. So is the hair. I'm Jamen sharp. Didn't Miss Edith ex plain ?' ' No fc»r. You go along. Oosh — you cut all same possum up tree, or this feller pitch billy hot water over you. Clear »ome that dirt off rum face — ha! ha! ha!' and Patsy, clutching a broom, laughed heartily at tho idea. ?? Merciful goodness !' cried Mona, as ?he jumped up and ran into the kitchen. ' What can that mane ? How could any man get into tho kitchen the b;ick wav ?*' in her joy at hnding George better, Edith had completely forgotten her recent adventure with the very remarkable in dividual who had succeeded in making her believe that he was really James Sharp. On the instant all her doubts vanished, and she hurried after Mona, in time to prevent her alarming the house. Taking tne aissipaieu-iooKing oiu man s naua ; she said, to the utter bewilderment ol ; Mona and Patsy : j ' Yos, this is Mr. Sharp, but he seoa fit to come to us disguised.' 'That's true; Miss Edith. 1 am only an old scamp in appearance ; but if you can point out any one that wants hiB life insured in the best company, and at the most favorable rates, I'll prove that I am the only James Sharp, and divide the commission with you to boot. Want more proof as to my identity'? Then listen to these admirable lines, of my own composition. ' When wealth, unexpected, dropB into the hand, I When poverty Hies and we've houses and ; land, | They would bo undeserved if we could not endure The friends whom we knew when we chanced to be poor.' ' Faith, this beats alL Sing no more, Mr. Sharp ; but go at wanst to yer room an' fix yersel' up like a dacent Christain man,' said Mona, as sho shook the young man's hand. Patsy was so amazed that she could not utter a word, but stood looking from one to the other of the group, as if trying to settle in her mind whether it was herself or they who had gone crazy. ' Mrs. llanway,' said James Sharp, ' I dare not resume my own high-toned character at present ; it would be fatal to the enterprise. Ask me anything but that. Like the ghost of Hamlet's father, I am doomed to wear this rig for the present. If it be painful to your eyes, pity me. Why, all the children shout out after me; and even the dogs eye me with suspicion. Pardon these desultory remarks, and let me get down to more pleasant business, as the man said when he was going to begin a funeral sermon. It must not be known, save by those here present and by George Cromwell, that I am in the house. They say that women cannot keep a secret; prove to the world that the charge is a slander by respecting my incognito — Patsy, fairest of thy race, a drink of water, if you please. ' James Sharp stopped to take breath; and, while Patsy was getting him the water, Mona asked him if he would not have something to eat. ' Thanks : no,' he replied ; ' I shall re main down stairs until such time as you ! can arrange it for me to go to Mr. Croni- j well's room and have a few words with him without having the rest of the household aware of my presence. Ere the hour of midnight come, or the cock crows, 1 must bo away again.' ' May the saints guard us!' said Mona, in a low voice to Edith ; ' but he talks as nnarfi aa li« lnUs an* tluif.'s savin* ft rrfint dale,' Acting on Edith's suggestion, Mr. Sharp was given a seat in the dining- room, and the blinds were drawn and the light lowered, at his request, to prevent obser vation from the street. It seemed an age to him since he heard them going up tho stairs, and he began to wonder if interest in more important duties had led them not to forget him, when Edith entered, and, motioning him from his corner, whispered : ' George is very much better and he is anxious to see you.' ' Is he all alone?' ' He is, Mr. Sharp.' ' And I can get in without being seen, save by those who are in my secret r' ' You can.' ' And I can talk with Mr. Cromwell without any foreign interference ?' ' Foreign interference ? ' repeated Edith. ' Yes ; without the presence of a third partj1. You see, George and 1 have a little private affair we were working to gether, but sinee his attempted assassina tion I've had the whole burden of the afore said affair on my shoulders.' ' You certainly can be alone with George, particularly as he also desires it.' ' Good ; now lead the way, fair lady,' said James Sharp, after he had felt the fictitious wart, to make sure it was in place. . His anxiety for -this deformity wa3 the most trying part of his disguise. Edith lod him up stairs and into George's room, where she shook his hand and 'e^t him ' [TO BE CONTDfCEP.] — The witty man of the Pittsburgh Chronicle-Telegraph, says : ' Han wants but littlo |a» bejpw '?HI ? —? — — ~»- .. 