A GREAT RECEPTION TN THE TOWS HALL. In the evening a public welcome was ten dered the visitors. A procession, numbering some S00 Salvationists, left North- terrace, ODDosite the Railwav Station, between 7.15 and 7.30 p.m., and marched through the principal streets of the city, Major Spratt and Staff-Captain Howard being the marshals. The column was headed by a cycle corps of about twenty. A banner bearing the inscrip tion 'Officers and soldiers promise fidelity toGdfl and the. Army' caught the spirit of those who marched beneath it, aad waved enthusiastically in the breeze. In an open brougham rode Commissioner and Mrs. Booth. Colonel Kilbey, and Mrs. Bailey, and cheer after cheer ascended as the 'chariot'1 passed along through che crowds of bystanders. With tho flaring of. torches and the clinking of cymbals, the enthusiastic company reached tho Town Hall, which was tilled iroin floor to ceiling in tha twinkling of an eye. Major Hokskls'S desired the soldiers and lassies, when the visitors ascended the plat form, to rise to their feet, shake sheir handker chiefs, and shout as loud as ever they could. They carried out the-injunoti-into the letter. After the 3inging of a hymn, which nearly lifted the roof, Colonel Kilbez spoke of the hearty and enthusiastic receptions tendered to Commissioner and Mrs. Booth in Melbourne and the other cities of Victoria, Sydney, and Brisbane, and in famous Adelaide and in warm-hearted South Australia he was sure that the reception would be quite as hearty and quite aa real as it had been elsewhere. {Volleys.) Cu.onel Bailey made a characteristic little speech, in which he formally welcomed the Commis ioner and his wife to South Australia. When they arrived at Lanrs Bay they were both very 'unwell, but, to use his own words, the Commandant had now got ' steam in the boiler.' They might not bo able to turn ont in such force as the Sydney Salvationists had done, but South Australia, which could lay claim to being the mother of the Salvation Army in Australasia, would not be found want ing in enthusiasm. (Cheers.) Commissioner Booth, recsived with tre mendous volleys, thanked them from the bottom of his heart for the hearty welcome they had tendered him. He was not: an Australian by birth — that was hi3 misfortune. It was not his fault— he was not consulted in the matter. (Laughter.) It must have been fate that he was born in Penzance, in the extremeaouth-west corner of England, as near Australia as possible. (Laughter.) In Sydney he had tiie pleasure of addressing 17,000 who flocked to the Centennial Hall during the three days they held meetings there. That night he 'was addressing them in the cradle of the Salvation Army in the Southern Hemi sphere. (Cheers.) He waa reading in one of their illustrious newspapers— the Bedsta — that there was some little uncertainty a3 to why Adelaide wa* chosen as the first city in which the Army was established. With the genius- that distinguished all newspaper men the Renster thought it was because the citizens of Adelaide were more affable and large hearted tisan anybody else. He did not think the Roister was far wrong, either, from what he had seen of the people so far. (Loud volleys.) The Salvation Army was like fire — it always broke out where it was least expected, and, 'like the tire brigade, it was the duty of the Salvation Army to locate tho tire and be after it. He was going to do his best in the colonies. Ho did not suppose he would please everybody. ('Never mind.:I) There were some people who could not bo pleased ; they were born grumbling. It was natural they should ask of a new leader what were his texts, what was his creed. He believed in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. What was tho cause of the success of the Salvation Army? It had not been wealth ; it had notbeen influence, and it had not been education, but the cause of the effect had been God. He believed in the devil ; if he did not he would not be so concerned in fighting him. It seemed to him that the Christian Cnurch wanted not only a firmer conviction in the presence of God but a firmer faith in the black destroying nand of the devil. He believed in Australia. Some might criticise him for saying that after being here such a. little while.' But he would remind them that new converts were always the mo3t enthusi astic. The new love was always the sweetest. Any wife in that assembly could confirm that. Their husbands never loved them so much a3 during the honeymoon. (Laughter.) He believed in the Salvation Army because God had made it such an instrument of blessing for souls and lives all round the world. He maintained that the products of this movement were its best evidences, and it should be judged by its fruits and not by the sentiments and prejudices of those who did not thoroughly understand it simply because they had not' closely studied it. He would give all tiiat lay in him of strength and of! devotion to the cause. He had rnach pleasure } in introducing to them one who, in his esti- j mation, was the sweetest woman in Adelaide. | (Prolonged volleys.) j Mra. Bdoth, who has what can appropriately ! be described as a ' good'' face, in the best sense of tlw word, then rose to her feet and san^ one of the Salvr.tion Army hymns to the j immense pleasure of the audience. Her i enunciation was as perfect as hur voice was | sweet. Lieu tenant Pindiay, a very clever | pianist, played the accompaniment moat r effectively. This concluded. Mra. Booth J addressed the meetinr, and perhaps her speech j was even more musical and melodious thati was her singing. She has a delightful Dutch accent, and her words fell freshly and sweetly from her lips. There was no need for he'r apology as to murdering the Queen's English. She impressed one with her restrained enthu siasm and refreshingly natural dramatic force. After' relating the awful sensation of mal de rn.tr in a quaint manner, she 6aid smilingly they had at last arrived at a land of Paradise, and the people were very much like angels. ('You don't know us yet.') She came from tho land of dykes and daisies. Some thought that the_ people there were only good for grow ing tulips, but if they read the history of the Dutch Republic they would agree that the ' Dutch were a wonderful I people. The Dutch wanted freedom of religion, and they fought eighty years for it. She thought she should have_ a '' special pull' on them, as the Yankees said, because two of their lovely colonies had been discovered by Albert Tasman. So had it not been for the Dutch some of them might not have been there. (Laughter.) The Salvation Army did not only parade the streets ; they know how to fight and how to suffer. They went down into the cesspools of iniquity, rolled up their sleeves, and came into contact with the worst. She was amused at the remark of a man to the effect ** that if there was any good left in a man trust a woman to get it out.' A man was a marvellous schemer, and might have more logical power than s. woman, but a woman had most heart, and heart ruled tho world. As Paul became as a Jew unto the Jews to win the Jews, so they became Australians in order to win the Australians for the Master. There was a darkest Australia as well as a beautiful Australia. Let them go to the taverns, to the dancing saloons, and the gambling-dens, and they would see a different sight. Poor miserable souk, seeking for peace where it never could be found. What footprints were they professing Christians leaving behind them? It did not matter if they were Salvationists or not r they were all going to the same Heaven. What footprints wera they leaving on the sands of time? Were they such that a 'shipwrecked brother seeing would take heart again.' They would do all they could for the cause in their little way. Some might think it a shocking little way, but they would put all their energy and heart into it. (Cheers.) Mrs. Booth is undoubtedly one of the brightest jewels of the Salvation Army that has ever visited the colonies. It is the atmo sphere of sincerity which envelopes her that makes her influence felt. 