My Husband's Escape. : i When I was twenty my widowed mother bad been dead abont eighteen mootbs, and by ber dealre — expressed oo ber death-bed— J bad married Gilbert Armetroog, afterwards so well &Down; Ib literary circles. He was tbeD a rlelDg mail, but, apart from hisearoinge, he bad a small fortune, and wee able to give me a borne with all theaomfoits andlasnriea I could reasonably', wish for. 1 bad given ujy first love to Rapert Garstaog, who bed proved utterly un worthy of it. On hie father's death, be succeeded io a nioe.estate, but be ran in to excesses of all kinds, arid by bla gatnbl- - ing and«slravagaDOe brought himself to rulD, and suddenly absconded, leaving nje heart-broken, for, despite bio fallings, I loved him dearly. Gilbert bad all along loved me, and, without doubt, his affection was as pure as It wbb sincere. After Bupert Garstaag's disappearance, Gilbert urged bis suit apnn me. I told bim, wbat indeed I felt, ' that I had no Iovb for any man, now' ; bnt be deolared tbat be would ' wait for my love to come afterwards.' My mother was dying, and I should be left unprovided for, as ber income ceased with ber life, and sbe pressed me to ac opet Gilbert, no, although io my then broken-hearted condition I was averse to tbe match, I consented. I knew Gilbert was a moral, upright, and good man. and I admired and re spected bim greatly, but I did not love him. We had been married about six months, and Gilbert's kindness, gentleness, and loving attention and forbearanoe, with bis ever-thoughtful way, had told on me. I bad completely lost my heart to bim, bat I was too proud to confess It. In tbe earlier days of our married life, X had reoelved his attentions scotdly and Indifferently, but he never murmured. He bad taken me at my own valuation. 'I had no love to give him,' 1 had eatd. I suppose tbere is a limit to tbe patience of all men. Gilbert wae very patient and forbearing, bat it became evident to me tbat be was getting tired of my cold and unaffeotinnate behaviour. He, doubtless, thought it was time I recipro cated hiB kindness, at all events, even if I were unable to return blB love, and his manner became less warm towards me, although be was still kind — ob lso kind — and there was a sadness overshadowing bJm la all his aotlone. Wbetbet It wag becanse of this gradual cooling of bis ardour, I know not, bat, as I say, I was now oonscioUB tbat I did love him — not witb tbe passionate ebullition of my attachment to Bupert Garstaog, but witb a deep, trostful, earnest, tbaokfal, and lasting love. Ob ! how I longed to throw myself into blB orms aod tell bim be bad won my heart ! But I could not. , By tacit oonsent, he bad never pressed me for-any avowal of love, Bnd I was too proud— too stiff-necked— to admit it. I may bave thought It modesty. I know I made tbat .the exense to myself, but it was a' lying exouse. It wos my wretched pride. I wanted bim, my own busband, whom I had promised at tbe altsr to love— to beg for an admlBBion of -my afieotion. S« we were gradually drifting away from each otber. I felt It every day. 1 knew that I bad only to say, '? Gilbert, I have learned to love you,' and the warm spring of bis noble Dature would bave gusbed forth to me. But I would not ; and day by day I inwardly chafed, until I oame to regard tbe matter from a false standpoint, and persuaded myself that my love wae spurned by him ralber than — as was the truth — that I was spurn ing his love. II. We went to Exmoutb for a change. Gilbert was very fond of boating, and tbere be oonld get plentv of It. I. too. used to like tbe water, bat my miserable feelings induaed me to be disagreeable, and I rarely aooompanled him. One evening I stood on the sea- wall looking across tbe moutti of tbe Biver Ese at tbe beautiful, placid scene. The sun was disappearing behind the hills on tbe opposite side ot tbe river, and the boge sand-bank known as 'The Warren' was fast being bid in tbe shadow of tbe deep blue uplands In tbe west. Gilbert bad gone in bis boat to Daw- 1 llsb, and I wae watoblng witb a longing heart (all the more so because I tried to repress its longing) for tbe appearance of bis sail round tbe point, wben I beoame conscious that someone was standing be side me. -I looked up and it was— Bupert Garsting ! Had a ghost appeared to me I oould not I tbink, have felt a greater terror than 1 did at mat moment. All. the blood In my body geemed to recede inwards, and I stretobed out my hande and clutched tbe low parapet-wail to support myself from I dropping to tbe ground. ' Felicia,' he said ' I bave returned. I am rich again,' I essayed to speak, bat my voIob failed me. Tben the recollection came. The blood gorged to the surface again, and I fel t that I flushed crimson, ' Mr. Garsting 1' I replied, ' I was not aware tbat you were in Eogland.' I did not know it he had beard of my marriage, so I added :— ' We are staying here for a while. My busband is at Dawiisb this afternoon.' 'I beard you were married, Felicia,' be returned, In a familiar tone, ?' but it was a great mistake on your part— a great mistake. I am sore you can't be happy.' As he bent bis bead towards me I conld smell bis breath of drink. His impudence and vulgarity dlsgOBted me, acid I could now see tbrougb him as tbrougb a pane of glass. This was tbe creature I had loved, for whom I bad spurned the affec tion of tbe beat ot men. Faugh! I hated not only him bat myself too. 'Really, Mr. Garstaog'' I said, as coldly and as pointedly as I knew bow. ' you mast be forgetting what you eay you bave beard. Yoa will please oblige me by remembering it, and also tbe re Bpeot yon owe to Mr. Armstrong and my self.' 'Oh !' be exclaimed, oontemptuoasly, ' don't ride tbe high horse. I know all abnut It. There's no love loBt between yoa, I'll be bound. Respect !' be sneered, ' I owe bim no respect. He's robbed me of tbe dearest thing on eartb to me. However, my time will tsome ; and sooner than m«ny think,' he added, with a boisterous but vicious, half-drunken laugb. His demeanour and language frigh tened me. 'I will bid you good-evening, Mr. Garstang,' I cried, as I turned and hurried to our apartments. III. Rupert's re-appearrnce bad very muob upset me. I was greatly agitated. The Insolent style in wbfoh be bad addressed me— aa If I belonged to him — made me boll witb indignation. It was not even as if I bad Jilted bim. He had squan dered his patrimony, and left me without tbe bare decency of a parting word. I had long felt tbat I bad done witb b!m for ever, and yet here he was persecuting me with bis presence, as if be bad a better right to my alleglanoe than my own bQBband bad, I eat with such thoughts as these enrg* I Ing through my brain, and the time) passed, without my notloiDg Id progteia nntlllt'was getting quite late and Ofi bert^iad not returned. ~ . -- . ' ! Tbe eervant came to meand'&nnonnoed; that dinner was ready. ' Mr. Armstrong will be la directly, ' I replied. ' Let it wait for a while.' Tbe next minute there was a yloleDt ringing at tbe.door bell, and ' old Dave,' tbe boatman, followed tbe girl Into the room. 'Ob, ma'am, ma'am !' be cried, 'I'm awfu' sorry for ye, I am indeed, bat Muster Armstrong's boat has besn found bottom op'arrte off 'Tbe Warren,' and it's a'most certain as he'e tost.' I gave a shriek and would have fainted, but tbe maid rushed to me with eome water, whiob wasat band, and urged me to be oalm. Sbe was a sensible, kind bearted girl, and herpreencs of mind was contagions, bo I rallied myself. ' Is tbere no hope?' I cried. ' Hub no sign of my husband been seen? Tell me ! Has bis body not been found ? Tell me the worst.' 'No, ma'am, replied tbe man; he's not been found, ' Eut I'm afeet'd tbere be but little hope — and tbat'e tbe truth. It is sBid as bow's there's been some fool play ; for why ? — there's eome boleB been bored In tbe bottom of tbe boat.' ' Holes bored ?' I said, 'Why, who could do such a tbing? Besides, tbe boat would not float.' ' Oh ! well, you see, ma'am, If tbe boles was plugged wi' soap, or eutbin' o' tbat sort, it 'ud float for a time. I've beer'd o' BUCb games afore now,' be answered. ' What oan be done?' I asked help lessly. ' Notbln' as loan Bee, except to waft, ma'am,' he replied, 'No. I oan do nothing, I suppose, but wait,' I eald, despondently. 'I would ratber be alone In my anxiety and grief. Thank you for your kindness in coming, Dave ; and let me know if anything further Ib discovered.' 'Tbank'ee, ma'am,' conolnded Dave, as be pnoketed bis gretuity and eboffled off, ' I'll be sure and let you know bb soon bb I bears o' anything ' I Bat down alone with my bowed head Iu my bands, In an agony of suspense and dread. All sorts of fanoies flitted tbrougb my mind. So far as I knew, my husband ' bad oot any enemy io the whole world. | Who could bave wished tq Injure bim, I could not imagine. ! Tben Bupert Garsteng'e drunken boast repeated Itself in my ears: 'My time will come, and sooner than many think.' Could be bave done this wicked tbing! 1 tried not to believe It possible, bat my conscience told me ttat be might be cap able of ft or of anything else. Presently I was roused from my reverie by tbe servant. ' A gentleman to see you, me'am.' ! And Garstaog walked into the room. 'I am not able to see anyone now,' I said. ' I am in troable end wish to be alone.' ' Ob ! let me etay a bit,' he said, bnskily, as be dropped Into a cbair. 'I bave beard of the — the — er — accident, and thought I'd call and— er— -condole witb you. It must be very distressing to yon I'm sure.' Tbere was a ring of falsity in his voice whiob ' struck a chill' to my very soul. ' I looked at bim, but could eay nothing. : ' There's no doubt be's dead.' be went on, with bratal frankness. ' But It's use less for you to make yourself 111. It's God's doing,' 'It is ratber some eooundrel's doing,' I replied. ' It's murder— that's wbat it Is !' I watched him olosely In the gas-light, and bis face twitched and went ashen pale, but be recovered himself Instantly. 'Ob, nonsense!' he eald, hurriedly. ' It'e evidently a pure accident. He got oaagbt in a squall, I suppose, and bad tbe sail fixed Instead of holding the rope loose. It frequently happens. But it's no good taken it to heart too muoh, Felicia, it's ? ' j 'Don't call me tbat,' I ioterrupled, j ' And I wish yoa would leave mn. I want to be alone.' He rose from bis seat and came towards me. ' Ob ! don't send me away,' be began, 'Now you are free again, I can surely be near you.' I kept eilenae. I wanted tbe man gone, and knew not bow to be rid of him with-, out a scene. 'Now, Felicia,' be started again, in a balf-drunken drawl, 'don't be silly. Yon are free Bgain. I sav. and T havn the same old feeling for you ? ' My mind was made up. 'Slop!' I sbonted, In a rage. 'Stop] There's beeD foal play. Tbey tell me Gilbert's boat has been bored with boles. Who could have done it?' I looked at bim with eyes blezlng with anger, and hie gaze fell before me. ' Yoa !' I exclaimed. Wbo bnt you ? You 1 Wbo wreoked my young bopes aod left me in despair, and now come here, aneougbt and unwanted by me. to wreck the abanoe of happiness tbat I had ! |Do you think I have a spark of Ioveor regard left for you?' ' In my distress, I almost forgot Bupert Garstang's presence, and I went on, more to myself than to bim : — ' Your dastardly treatment drove love from my heart, end Gilbert Armstrong married me knowing tbat I tben had no love for bim. Bat iie was a good man, and I bad learned to love bim as I never loved before. Oh ! would. that I had bent my sMfl-neoked arrogance, and acknow ledged my love and affection for bim, aB I bave longed to do dozenB of times lately !' Tben I turned on Bupert in my wrath i again. ' Yon have murdered bim. I know it waB you, and yob cannot deny it. Go ! and my ourse go with yoa !' IV. ' Nay, my darling,' said Gilbert's cheery volve, out of tbe darkness outside, as be entered tbe room. ' 'Nay, my darling, don't curse him; bless him In stead. I have beard ail, and this Is tbe happiest moment of my life. If Mr. Garetang is responsible for the scuttling of my boat, I thank bim from the bottom of my heart, for be' has been the means of making your loveat last known to me.' Bapert Garetang threw np ble arms in affright, wben Gilbert came forward as If be bad seen a ghnBt ; but, before my hnnbaud bad finished. speaking, ? be re alised tbe position and, en'atobing np his bat, fled from tbe boDBe. 1 I draw a veil over the loving moments that enBued between Gilbert and myself. Suffice it to say that I have never known a day's uubapplnesB witb bim since, and we are now, after twenty long years, as endeared to each otber as ever. It transpired tbat tbe holes In the boat bad (as ' old Dave' had suggested) been filled with plogsof somesolnbie substanee, and wben about half-way across the river-mouth, tbe water began to dow Id. Gilbert tried all oould to keep ft down by balling, but It was fast gaining on bim wben be elgbted a boatman out fishing, and mads elgns or distress. , The fisherman managed to reaoh him In time, and, after beaching the scuttled boat on ' Tbe Warren,' tbey proceeded to Daw. IfBb, Gilbert returning witb bis rescuer, subsequently, and not -for* momeht an ticipating that any soars troold.be created or that it would get to thy ears in_anj way; ? ? : — '' ' He was, of oonrse/ Bt a loss, to under stand who oould bave 'tampered with bis boat, but it now seemed manifestly certain that Bupert UarBtang, having found out we were at Exmooth, bad in a drunken freak followed us, and. in thlsmad-beuded ' and clumsiy but diabolical fashion, tried to pnt Gilbert out of the way. His wioked act had, Instead, the effect of bringing Gilbert and myseif such i great happiness tbat we determined not to inquire further into it; aod Bupert Garstaog never crossed oar path again. 