A QUAINT ENTANGLEMENT Bt Edwabd F. Bpekcb, is the Windsor iMaoazine. There was a delightful perfume in tho room, and for a fow moments Mr. Ovey fancied that tho operation had been fatal, that, contrary to his expectations and tho opinion of his friends. he had passed from this earth. Even his glance with half oponcd eyes at tlio pretty 'nurse did not destroy tho fancy, for sho might well have been au nngol— if angels have ruddy golden hair, big forget-mc-not eyes, clear, colorless skin, and coquettish wliito caps. A momont later he saw tho foot of the bedstaad and guva a sigh. Nurso Crecnhslgh— Hetty Grecnholqh — jumped up. "Oh, I'm so glad ! " sho said, In an eager whisper ; "it was a splendid success, and you'll soon us ns sound as a roach. It was a most clogant operation." , Mr. Ovey sighed again— a happy Bigh. "And I'm. really alive and going to got well ?" "Kathor! You will bo out, and about in 110 time." "How jolly," lio said. "Its a jolly thing to ho alive." Thoy both laughed quietly. " What a lovely scout," he said. "Yes," sho answered, "it comes from tho (lowcm. What -friends you must havo. IVc'vo enough fruit aiul llowcrs to stock G'ovent Garden with I" A contented smile, with a gloss of vanity on it, played on Mb wliito face — a faeo handsomo in cut of feature, kindly in expression, with a suggestion of wcakneso in tho mouth that was slightly blurred by age— oarly middle age. "Ono. doesn't know how many friends ono has, or how few, till something serious happens." Sho nodded. "But 0I1," sho remarked, "I'm afraid that you'vo bean a torriblo Hirt." "No, I protost." "Hush I You must not tire yourself. Go to sleep." Tho nurse camo to tho head of tho lied, re arranged Hie pillows gently, poured something into a glass and gave it him, smiled prettily at hiin and ho went to sleep immediately. Sho stood still for a while looking thoughtfully nt his pleasant fnco nnd then crept asvay. Her arm us she passed a table grazed a splendid Mavtin- ware jar that held somo lovoly rosss; sho frowned, yet cortainly sho was not hurt in tlio least. Herbert Ovey slept liko a judgo on a Bummor afternoon ; I10 did not awaken till next morn ing. " Aro there an letters ?" ho said to Nnrso Grccnhalgh when ho had finished his break fast, boforo which liis man had managed a Hort of picnic toilet for him. "Oil, a lot," sho aaswered, "and all from ladies ! Oh you I But doctor said you wero to see no lettera till further orders." "It doesn't matter; thoy'r® only polite inquiries of no importance." Miss Hetty smiled, Mien with a littAo frown soid, " More fruit and flowers havo come— soo lioro." Sho handed him a splondid hunch of lilios. Ho glancod at tho card attaohed to it by a wiiito silk ribbon. On it was written, " With ardent hopcB for a speedy recovery. — From Mary." "Who is Mary!" ho asked. "I don't know." " I'm sure I don't," replied tho nnrso rather tartly. ' Look at tho back of the card — see : 'Stonewall Cottage, Woybridgo.'" " Why, it's Mrs. Bower." "Then she's called hero thrco timos and wanted to come up and soo you," said Hotty, "and said slio'd a right to." "Oh, bother the woman!" answered the invalid. " Look at theso wallflowers and forget-mo. nots, ' With Kato's kindest wishes. — From Ridgmount Mansions.' " " That's Miss Hemming. Has sho " , " Oh jus, she's callod. There's boon a flock : of' thom— Miss Campbell, Miss Goring, Miss Smytlio, Miss Johnson, as well as your widow and Kate— and I've had such trouble ; and two of them came togathor and glared nt one another ; and they've tried to bribe John to show them up bore ; and ono of them, a girl with towzled hair, was awfully rudo, and offered . me . But, good gracious ! what's tho , matter He looked ns if lie had .just seen a ghost, or n whole shoal of ghosts. " Great Soott !" ho gasped. " The letters !" "The letters I What lettera'?' 1 " The letters I wrote. Ring for John." " Calm yourself," sho said as she rang ; . " calm yourself." "You don't know. It's too fearful !" John entered. "Hero, John, tho six letters ! wrote just before tlio operation and told you not to post unless I— unless it went wrong." "Yes, sir." " Don't say j«s, sir, you idiot ! Where aro thoy V " Oh," interuptcd the nurse, "I saw Bome lcttors 011 the dock. I thought they'd boeu for gotten, and poBtcd them." "Merciful heavens!" groaned the patient, " you'vo ruined me !" and ho foil back fainting. Herbert Ovoy was ono of tho lucky children of'fortunc. His father was a builder, with an averngo knowledge of building, and bad gs part ner a brothor gifted with a gonius for flnnnco. By daning speculation in land in tho city and ingenious, almost rash, manoeuvring of other poople's capital, tlicy had built n magnificent collection of warehouses, sold tho ground routs, paid off tho mortgages and realised a largo for tune, his share ot which lio invested very soundly in house property in a rapidly growing suburb. Herbert, an only child, had been brought up luxuriously, and aftor a fairly suc cessful career at Eton and Cambridgo became an idle member of the bar — not nbsolhtcly idle, for lio got a small rating practice owing to liis father's constant fights with the assessment committees. Tho fortune camo to Herbert whon lie waB 39, and during the noxt nino years lib ;xisscd a pleasant liTe spending liis ten thousand a year in travailing, hunting, fishing, buying bibelots And pioturos. Society, in the popular senso of. the torm, lie avoided on account of tho husband-hunting tactics of mothors and daughter's, for ho hold matrimony | -in horror since ho had noticed how littlo happiness Ms father had got out of the life in which tha " poor eld boy " was cruelly hen- necked. Yet when Hcrbort was approaching his 41st birthday ho began to foel lonely, to wonder whether after all-it was not worth while to run the risk of getting a bad wifo 'in tho chance of securing a good one. So ho took a lrouso in Fark- lanc, and soon had abundant opportuni ties of studying tho girls and women likely to accept a charming, well educated, interesting man and £10,000 a year. Moet of thom fell out of tlio running quickly ; tlio residno wero tho half a dozen already mentioned. The odds were from about 2 to 1 against the widow to 10 to 1 against Miss Campbell. Cortainly the widow was very dangorous, and npon two occasions, but for an interruption, Herbert would liavo proposed to liar. I11 each caso, after the danger liail passed, he felt un certain whethor ho was glad on-sorry. It can not bo suggested that ho was in love with all or any of thorn ; but -his loneliness and want of human interest in lifo preyed upon him, and every ouo of tho six -had somo ehnrm or quality that appealed to him. Fortunately they .belonged to different sets. Ho was considered a flirt in the literary circle where lie mot Miss Hemming ; in tho artistic where MiBs Smytlio was famous ; in the sport ing of- which' Miss Goring was a leader ; in tho politico-economical over whioh Miss Johnstn reigned ; in the simply nristooratic, dear to Miss Campbell ; and -in the thoatrioal, whioh con sidered Mrs. Bower a Bliar. Yet none of his pursuors know of a rival out of lior own oirclc, Matters jogged along, his daiigor growing greater every day, till suddonly his illness' declared itself. It is needless to givo any dotails of tho malady which threatened Mb lifo and lod tho profession, after muoh dis cussion, to decide that ho . mfst undergo a severe operation. Tho family phyeician told him that, ' though the chances were in his 'favor, I10 ought to mako his will. Tho day befare the operation he sent for his solicitor and asked him to add a codicil to a will already made, as ho wishod to leave a thousand to an old sehoelfellow. Whon the lawyer asked if thero woro any other legacies ha bcoamo thoughtful. no know that Mrs. Bower would bo disappointed If ho died, and also that she was not rich. Ho felt, too, that perhaps sho might think I10 had trifled with lior, So ho sahl, " Put Mrs. Rower down for two thousand, free of legacy duty." " Any other ?" inquired tlio soliaitor. Tho thought of Miss Hemming camo into his mind, thon that of Miss Campbell and thu othora, conscquentlj ho loft a thousand to each of them. Whon I10 was left nlone Mr. Ovoy began to considor seriously what lio had done. To his nicoly sensitivo feelings thoro seemed something of importincnco in ths matter ; moreover, lio suddenly remembered that each would read of the other legacies and perhaps guess tho rather comical truth. Be would got contempt— possibly hate— Instead of gratitudo. Then a Imppy thought camo to him ; 0 letter would set mat- tors straight. Ho began by writing to Mrs. Bower. Ho mentioned tho legaoy ; tdld lior that twice I10 lmd meant to make a proposal, but accident had etAyod Mm ; epoke pitifully of himself and the idea of dying without having tasted tlio joys of married life, and wound up with tender hopes that sliok would ohoriBh Ms memory. Then camo tho turn of Miss Cnmpboll ; but lie was ohcuuy ti-rcu ui iiis task — iio hated lotter writ1 ing— so to savo himself trouble ho simply copied out Mrs, Bower's letter. In tho end he adopted the same cousse with all the others. His conscicnco, quickonoil fear of tlio operation, suggested to him fflirrt tho lottors wero untrue, but ho satisfied himself by the thought that really he was quite fond of them all, so ho addressed tho envelopes, scaled up tha lpttere, gave them to John and told Mm not to post thom unless ho died of the ojiarabion. When Mr. Ovey camo round he wa9 in a frantic stato. Ho had tho letters brought up and road thorn aloud grimlj. All tho six treated his letter as an olfor of marriage, subject to bin rcoovary, and all accepted him. Ho burst into hysterical laughter at tlio idea of being engaged six deep, declared I10 would toko the lot to Utah and marry them, and ho suggested sarcastically that the nurso should join the part, as ono mono or less would mako no difference. Ho mado the poor girl cry by his reproaches. Ho determined to die, and said that it was his duty tro his six Jiancdcs to got himself buried so as not to givo unduo profercneo te anyono. The upshot was that ho became delirious, and for weeks thoro was hardly more than an interval betweon liim and death. Nature, aided l>y the wondorful nursing of Hetty Crocnhelgh, pulled him through. Whon lio camo to his sensos— a more wreck of a man — 110 found Hetty by tho lied. Sho had grown hollow checked, and her eyes, by reason of the dark lines holow, Boomed larger and more brilliant than before. For a' week lio said nothing of his troubles, tha delirium seemed to have wiped them from his memory ; ha lay still, gaining strength rapidly, and apparently did nothing but gaze languidly at tlio pretty nurse, to whom, howovcr, he rarely spoke. At the end'of the timo ho suddenly mado ttie remark— "Whore are tho flowers? " "What flowers? Oh," Bho said, reddening, " thoy'vo left off sending thorn— or fruit." Ho looked round tho room. " Oh, hut thoro are soma pretty roses, and I've just had splendid grapes. Wero tlioy from Mrs. Bowor ? "No, not frem any of them." Noticing lior blush, ho said Bharply, "Did you got thom ? " " Yes,'' Blioumswered nervously. "Have you hired a van to hoAl tho letters?" " It's hardly necessary." " Surely," he said, "my half dozon botrothodf have called and written caeh dav ?" " Tlioy haven't called, and have only written onec siuco— sinco that day. To tell you tho truth, if- think you're froe." " Free f ho said eagerly . Ho noted that sho bluBhed again, and strango vague thoughts passed through Ms mind. "Yes, free." "But how ?" "I mustn't tell you yot." "But I will know." " Oh, no ; wait till you're stronger." John entered the room. "John, why do you walk like a funeral mute? What's the matter?" "Don't tell him," interposed Hotty. " I order you, John J" "Well, sir, I think it's your ruin has drovo off tliq baggages— begging your pardon, sir." " My ruin ?' M5bs Grecnhalgh opened her purse, took, out a newspaper cutting and read : — '"He H. Ovey. — A receiving order was made to-day against II. Ovey. Tho debtor is of indopondont means and possessed of a largo amount of house property. I His insolvency is attributed to Stack Exchange speculations. The assets aro estimated at £200,000, tho seourod creditors are for £150,000 nnd unsecured £137,030 ' Oh, 1 can't go on: I'm so sorry." Tlio sick man gravely said, "Bring me tho letters." Ho opoiied them and read ono after the other. Miss Hemming expressed regret that reasons, whioh sho explained unintelligibly nnd at great length, caused hor to withdraw. Miss gmytlio had mistnkon more sympathy for tho love without which matrimony is intolerable, and felt that it would wrong him, her and anothor if sho carried out ail engagement entered into through voxation with tho "another," who had since boon pardoned. Mies Johnson had changed her views after rend ing a certain novel, which she found excellent in principlo if exccrablo in writing, and must decline tlio offor of Mr. Ovej\ , Miss Goring was Burc sho could not give up hunting, and would bo a useless burden as a poor man's bride. Miss Campbell's parents objected on tho ground that Ms fatlior had been in trade. Mrs. Bower nlono camo out well with a bold lotter, saying' that sho merely accepted him to give him p!enauro nnd comfort when in dangar, and of courso withdrew cb soon as lio was out of it. "Oil dear!" said Sir. Ovoy, "to think that women are so " , " Not women— somo women," interrupted tho nurso timidly. "Humph !" lie replied. "A little while ago they wore all after mo, nnd now " "I don't think wo nro all so bad, slio nnBworod, with somo stress on tho " wo." "You don't? Do you fanoy you could name a girl who would be truo to a ruinod man ? " " No ono," sho responded, "unless ho told her first that ho leved hor. You nocdnit feel my pulso ; I'm not your paiiont." He carefully adjusted his first finger on her wrist and-nnswercd, "I'm curious to seo how it is working. I understand pnlscs. Now if I told tho girl thnt I leved lior ? " " Well, but you haven't." " If I sny that I havo lain awake during a week gazing at a beautiful girl who has nursed me from death to life, who is swoetnesB, good ness and purity " " But you have not." " But I do, Hetty. Can you— do you euro about mo f Sho turned hor head away. "Tho pulso is at favor pace," he said. "Isn't that an answer?" she nskod. " If you will. — I'll get a opeoial licence. IV 0 can bo married hero, and then go nil to tho Riviora." J " A special liconoo," sho oxclaimod. "Ob, tha extra vaganoo of poor peoplo t " "I'oor people !— Oh, tho newspaper," ho. laughed. "That refcra to my cousin Henry, you gooso 1 " I nm so glad I didn't know— that I was mis taken." ' " So nm I," answered Mr. Ovey. Tiif. Farm nnd Station in The Leader this week has spocials upon Direct Market ing of Butter, and Iraigation in tho Goulburn Valldy, together with a budget of instructive information upon garden, orchard and vineyard management, in which is included a most interesting description of fruit growing in -the Obu'cndqu district, near Ballarat ' 