A Real Ghost Story. LEN. JOHNS, one of the Champion appren tices, who is enjoying a holiday South (happy lad), writes to the Champion staff as follows, from Tivoli State School, near Ipswich: -Now I am going to tell you a story. It is a ghost story-better than "Our Ghost" in the Champion, and what is more, this is a true one. Now for it. Andy Wright took me down their new shaft, which is at the other end of the tramway bridge. He took me pretty well all over it. We went down in the cage. As the driver of the engine had gone home when we went back to the foot of the shaft we couldn't go up in the cage, so we walked up the tunnel to the air shaft, and then climbed up the ladder about 20 feet. I told my brother W -- about it, and he said he would like to go down. I had a couple of pit lamps, and we went over about eight o'clock at night. It was pitch dark outside \- no moon. I had to take the lead. There is a galvanised wall around the mouth of this small shaft with a small door to crawl through. We couldn't light our lamps till we were in the tunnel for fear somebody would see the light. I can tell you I felt a bit queer stepping down into the dark hole. We managed to feel our way down to the bottom of the shaft-20 feet. We went down the tunnel about a yard, and there lit our lamps. Before that, when we were getting down the ladder, W. (who had a cocoa tin full of kerosene, and I happened to be looking up towards him at the time) managed to pour half the contents over my face-by accident, of course. We got down as far as a sort of a junction (about 50 yards-downhill all the time) where one tunnel joins to the other. Here there is a bag hanging down to keep the draught. The other tunnel is an old worked-out one. W. was very much afraid that there was bad air the other side. Before I go any further I must inform you that this tunnel connects with the old "Eclipse" pit ; that the " Eclipse " is said to be haunted on account of the men being drowned in it at the time of the big floods ; that down the haunted pit strange knockings are said to take place every night, like as if somebody were drop ping a hammer against a piece of hard coal said to be the ghosts of the seven men that were entombed, trying to get out of the pit. W. knew nothing about this, neither did he know that the tunnel oonnected with the haunted pit, the " Eclipse." He was asking me was I sure that the air in the tunnel, over which the bag was hanging, was not impure air, when "HushI listen! Was that some thing knocking ?" " Yes, it is," says I, for getting for the time about ghosts, haunted pits, &c.; " It is only the water dropping from the root of tbe tunnel to the floor," says I. At the same time I thought it sounded rather loud. " Pull back the bag," says W. to me, " and stick your lamp through and have a look in." I did. Ahead all was dark, gloomy, and weird; not a sound, save the tap, tap of what we thought was the dropping of water. The noise was going on as regularly as if done by clockwork. I was about a yard ahead of W., and as I said be fore, all was dark, gloomy, &c.;, ahead. About two seconds after I pulled back the bag and shoved my lamp in; the knocking suddenly ceased. Just as sudden the thought struck me about this tunnel running to the haunted pit-150 yards away, and about the ghosts at their usual work. It was about nine o'clock nipht. I did not let on to W. about being afraid, nor did he notice the knocking sud denly cease. I said, " I think we had better not go in there, there might be impure air at the same time great beads of perspiration rolled off me, and my legs commenced to shake and feel very weak, and my teeth commenced chattering like a box of ivory dominoes. I felt very glad when I saw that W. did not seem to notice me in suoh a state. He was in front walking up the tunnel, and I was behind him. Had I told him on the .way up about the ghosts, &o.;, a Same would have taken place and we would ave made a rush for it, and perhapsfallen over and killed ourselves. As it was I scraped all the skin off my back against the roof through not stooping enough. All the time I was in a terrible agony of fear. At laBt we reached the foot of the shaft. W. blew out his lamp, and told me to do likewise. I wouldn't. "You old goat," says he, "somebody will see us coming up if you don't." I then told him about the ghosts, the passage to the " Eclipse," the strange knocking, and how it suddenly ceased when I drew back the bag and shoved my lamp in. We then made a bolt for it, and managed to Bcramble in the darkness up the ladder, and jump outside. On the way up a bat hit my leg-I let out a scream, and nearly fainted with fright. I would not go down that place with omy one bloke with me for anything-no 1 not even for a safety pneumatic-tired bike. I forgot to tell you that my lamp went out when half way up, and I could not strike a match as oil round us was so damp. I hurried on to W. and got a light from his lamp. This is alL Ana here endeth the account of mf first adventure with a ghost. 