::;L. K A' MrsstREi ; - qiidi Enteitainipet »s giybn.iii th® Temperanco Hall on Vri-' 'day night tost. Tho object of this ontor- tainmont (promote) by somo Byworig 'rosi- dqnts _p.nd, Jrindly assisted, by ... lady . and. goniiomen amateurs of llungondoro and Quoanheyah).was to aid in furmshing funds fOrtho oroot(o'n'of ' a iihlio! Hall nt Uy- ,woug ;' -and right' royally did the pooplo, both of Bywong, jlungendoVo and Quonn- boyan respond to- the call for assistance. The attendance was good, and at 8 o'olock when tho ciirtairi ,'wns . lifted, ; some dozen "niggors" were-revoaiod sitting in. thoir grotesque 'costumes, Tho programme consisted' of three parts/ viz. , iis foilows :-r- " Bones," Mr.; W.iJ.fiohertsori;" Tambq" Mr. W.' Ilddd ; .interlocutor,; Mt. J. j W. Lush. With tho oxcoption of afowaUora- tlonetho programpio 'jras strictly carried out. Affnr n 'nIonnfAUn'nvnvhtVn ' \frft J. F. Diguam. an 'oponiog chorus "Jolly Dogs" woe rondorod by the company. This was nicaly contributed as also woro tho un dermentioned, Song, " Good Old Jeff," Mr. F. Browno ; song, ' " Tho Cricket on tho Hoarth" Master Gordon Lush; comic .song, " Knzors Flying in tho Air," Mr. .Uadd ; song, " Poor Old Joe," Mr. E. Pearson j.sqqg, .'Swanoq Bivqr," Mr. ,8- W.'Liish ' bo'qijc song! "Mary is Moshod on Me," Mr. W: J. Bohortsoii ; soug, " Tho Old Bustio Bridge," Mr. A.' E. Walker; song, "Wing, Wing, Waddle, Oh!" Maator Mervyn Lush, after, which a Finnlo ontitlod " Napoleon" by tho- company brought tho first part to a olosO. After an intermission of five minutes a comie negro ekotoh "The Ghost" by Messrs." Bobertsou, Poareon und Walker causod niuch . amusement,. Tho Missoa Pollack plwy'ed a 'pretty pianoforte duot and tho followiiigjrenditiops were woll received. Sung. " I'll Conquer or Die," Mr. Gunuoll ; song, Miss MoAlister ; comio song, " Medical Jaok," Mr. 8. W. Lush ; sang; Mr. 0. U. O'llanlon ; trio, "Oh tho Wator," Miss lluhy and Masters G. and M. Lush ; Stump Oration by Mr. A. M. Mil lard created a donl of laughter; song, " Trespassing," Miss B. Pollack ; comic banjo song,-' " Tho Swoot Bustio Maidou," Mr. W. J.-llohortsoq ; song,- 'Mrs. Cough- Ian ; song, Constance," Mr. T. L. Cough- lan ; song, " Tho Bomany Loss," Mr. J. Hnrpor. A comio duot, "Strolling Bound tho Town" by Messrs. tHodd and Dignnm finishod tho second part of tho prngrammo. After another short interval, the laughnblo niggor sketch " Jqstieo in (Old Kentucky" was staged, nndjjtho' different parts woll sustained by tha following, gontlcmon ; — Judgo, 'Mr. F. Browno; Crier, Mr. Wf. J. Kehortson ; Malo Prisoner, Mr. C.- 0; Ar- mitngo';/FeniaIo2Prieonor (Big-Any) Mr. S. W. Lush ; Counsel ,"Mr. J. W. Lush; Policomon, Mossrs. Pearson and Walkor. Wo must not forgot lo/montion that Mrs. J. F. Dignnm played tho nocompaniinonta to tho different songs lit a vory ahlo manuor. After the ontertainaiont a datico was hold- Ton much praise canuot bo giron to the hon. secretary, Mr. W. ' J. Bobcrtson and tho promoters for tho manuor in which thoy workod to ensure tho success of tho affair, and wc rirO'plb'risei to bo ablo to state that their efforts woro -well rewarded. ' Thoro whs a good fow " Strolling Around tho Town" last Friday' night. ' Tho crops and grass aro growing rapidly, nnd thoro is overy prospoot of a good ' sea son. .... . Tho new assistant toacher, Miss Stannnr, commenced hoc dritiosrat' tho school last Tuesday morning. - Mr. Gntnm, tlio contractor for tho Fox- low bridge, commoncod "work yosiorilay. This contract should give -omploymont to somo of tbo teams for a. whilo, ns there will bo at least a 100 tons ot tinibor etc., nocos- snry for tho erection of tho bridgo, will need enrtmg from tho railway station to tho works. 'Extensivo preparations are being mado for tho forthcoming biill iii nid of tho Quoanhoyan District Uospjtal. Nows reaohod horo last Tuesday of tho death of Mr. James Cranny who ' died' in Sydnoy. Tho old gentloman hud boon liv ing for tho' pastfowyears with his daughter, Mis. Shannhan, of Tho Briars, hear Buii- gendoro, and had boon uiliri'g for somo timo past. Lowo nnd Alohin's Company at llywpng aro now sinking a Inrgo dam, nnd a quan tity of timber is arriving for tho orection of a battery. Binglo.v and Co., Young' nnd Co., and Whito and' Co., aro nt proso'nt raising good stono. A picco of stono takon from Kershaw's claim at Dairy Crook woighod 6oz. and containod 2J ounces of gold. A Mr. Tanner representing a Syd noy syndicate paid a visit .to Dairy Crook with a viow of purchasing Kors'iaw's claim, whioh hpd boori'plac'od undoi- offor to tlio syndicate. . i i > 