A TONGUE OF PROPHECY. Thorn nre only eltflit members of the Comet Cycling Chili, but they were out in full force on that delicious May Sum day for the run down to South whore, anil iiiiDlnir up, just before noon, at Sandy Cove for a sandwich, a pipe and a rest, they took iKissesalou of the phiz- z:t of one of the yet unopened coUukc.s on the beach. The day was fit for the cods, the skies blue, the sea as smiling as if it were midsummer, and the simlljrht on the sails of « large schooner slnmHny stead ily across the bay on a Ioiik track, the Kenth; washitm of the water among the rocks on the shore, the light wind cool ing and grateful as It blew over heated brows, wen all influences which com bined Willi the fragrance of good Terrl- «|in» moved one to Introspection and thence to confidence. The little group fell gradually Into ti silence that among so many women would have been as ominous ns tbe hush preceding n thunder-storm. Here It meant, tlrst. n profound animal con tent. and following on the ImjcIs of that a long look into the future. «rter the manner or their kind, for the medita tive man thinks about what Is to cotno as instinctively as the meditative wo man of what is past. Dick Whitney was the first to speak. Removing his meerschaum from his mouth— it was a splendidly colored lion's head — and gazing fondly at Its tawny richness, he said: "Our days are uumJiercd, boys. Wo bhall linve few more times like this." " Why not?" demanded .Morris, from Ids perch on Hie piazza rail. "Because Hummer's coming." "What of that?" rose Hie ehonis. They Wen all listening now. "Girls'." said the sage darkly and sen- tenuously, nmi lormwnn u gioom hoi- tied on those happy souls— no, not on all, for little Louis, In the corner, who liud been softly wbistllug "Tlie SnnshiiHS of Paradise Alley" under hlsbronth, turned ncariet through his tan us If detected lu n treacherous thought, and wondered if nnylxsly noticed the tingle of pleasure that pervaded him at the mere mention of such delightful iKisslhlllties. Louis was nearly 18, am! wax In the hands of anything feminine, for at that age, as some astute French philosopher — Balzac, Isn't It?— observes "on n'altne pas nno fomme inulH lu sexe," hut tlss others were hardened veterans. primed with tho bitter wisdom of experience, nnd Dick, tlie Nestor of tlie club. al 80 had made for himself unite n uent repu tation as a cynic. . Bracing himself with n whin of his pipe, ami blowing out the smoke In deli cate rings, ho pursued his remarks: "Lost season was the first for years when a mau hud the ghost of a chnnce to escape from their clutches, They couldn't all ride wheels. But this sum mer they've got them, Lord bless you; yes, to n petticoat, and I can hear (heir nfsunincc rising up over the laud : " 'Whither thou goest, I will go.'" ''it's leap year, too," said a still, small voice, tinged with despondency. "Fel lows, you won't believe H. but I have Jmd three proposals already since Janu ary tind — " n great hurst of luttgiiler In terrupted the speaker, who paused and Blared imnslvely at. his golf stocklngH, Importesl ntimtold exjiense nnd ehas- lely designed In the blue nnd green Sunderland plaid. An Adonls of middle class society, finely pro>ort inned as a Greek athlete, uud fnrtjier endowed .with close-cropped chestnut. cnrlH nud sleepy eyos.he felt It would bi; unreason able to cxjiect even a new woman to contemplate mich charms unmoved and put up goocl mituredly with ordinary adoration. These later aggrcBslve at tentions had Ijcen too much. Why was this amusement at the turning of the .worm? "What's tlie Joke.?" he asked, sulking. "Von don't menu Unit," cried IxhiIh In credulously. it's gospel truth. Why, what If I told you that M — — , well I cun't men tion any names, but If I only hinted at a girl who tins as good ns asked me to marry her within a month, noliody would hellcvc'mc, aiid one of you would knock me down— If. he could." "The Iwgiiinlng of the end;" A solemn note crept into Dick's tone. 'Bog gle Is right—there's no joke about It. Tills is tlie sort of thing in store fur every man-Jack of uh unless we make a determined stand. I tell you, I shall a presentiment tlmt one and nil of us will lie wooed and wed this summer if .we don't take measures for Hclf-defuuce at once. .Laugh away. It's true."' "Cassandra In knickerbockers," smil ed Morris, .whoso rcmnrks Homolltnes had a surprising classical llavor. Dick growled. "What Is tho bolter . part of valor?" said he. "Discretion 1" responded tho literary member, briskly, n youth who iuul won that proud distinction by reporting hall games and yucht.raeos, and. now felt all the mental elation of a witty repartee. "Kxnclly." agreed Dick, "and whore a -woman Is concerned one can't ho ton valorous or too discreet. The questJnu is, are we ready to be sealed In thu bonds of matrimony or are wo' not?". '"Wo are not!" Tim -reply was unani mous, coming from the much-proposed- to loudest of all ; from little l.ouls half heartedly. "The noes have it," and DJel: rose to Ids feet, a gallant figure in his home- epuns. A melancholy brown muimtaelro etTucllvely hid whatever expression might steal into the lower part of ids face, and ids eyes were by turns sharp, quizzical and kindly as they lingered now on this lad, now on that, always re turning lovingly to the meerschaum, which he often declared was tho only thing that stood by hhnfaithrully ' lu life. Tie held 11 In ids hand, and his fin- gem. closed upon it with sudden energy, as leaning against a post he suddenly took itii the theme again in a convinc ing, lazy drawl. " I am no orator as Brutus Is, hut, boys, I kuow what 1 mn talking about. They're a poor lot— girls— and they're after us like a pack of hounds. As Reggie there says, It's leap year, and anlghty preparations are making. Silks and muslins, and tlumimidlddles, we a re, proof against those, for we know' them of old, but this new woman who rides after us on a blcycleund takes the court ing Into her own hands, 1 tell yoti.l am afraid of her. H seems to me there is just, oue safe course to pursue." The others waited. Not .quite sum how much of (Ids was chniT ami how much earnest, Reggie, pitching (tie cud of Ids lust cigar out on tbe sand, ami stretching his mighty frame preparatory to blowing up ids tires. " We must fly from the enemy— re treat us she advances, that Is not nmiily, but It Is discreet. II1 we don't want lo be caught we must keep out of reach of the Dollys nnd Doras, or, hang it all. XIIBJ Will II. 1 » 1." lift. »» IIUI. III! ,V UIJ Ny Ilnlf-laiigbiiig. he badgered nnd ban tered and persuaded, till more In Jest than In earnest, tlie Comet Oycling Club found Itself actually engnglng to re nounce for tbe summer wluit the great lexicographer cnlla " the endearing clo-| gnncc of female friendship," and not to I tint: willingly tlie temptation of moonlit nights on mountain or sea, picnics, straw rides, tute-a-tetcs, wheeling par ties or any of the lures the sirens com monly practice. Poor fxn'ds, Indeed, felt dismal fore- IkmIIiik that the sacrifice would Is. mora than he could make, seeing himself in no distant future a porjlrol villain, be cause being still in that. sweet, foolish youth which dreads nothing so much as heliig thought young "Ifs". and "buts" stuck lu his throat, and would not be uttered. In a tludd protest ho ventured to imirimrr : tWould It not be more Christian to love our enemies?" and tho hubbub of his discomfiture broke up the meeting with most admired disorder. They picked up themselves nnd their wheels, making ready for the spin back to town. casting List glances at the beautiful I prosjieet spread out before them. I At the left of the little cove a thickly- | wooded point ran out into the bay, tlie roofs of several large and pretentious mansions, showing among the trees here anjl.-lherc, and paths emerged from the aristocratic quarter upon the beach, where rows of well?kept bath houses suggested that the grandees condescen ded to take an occasional dip In the surf. It was so early iu the season that none of the cottages showed any signs of oc cupancy, and great was the surprise of the young men as three people suddenly appeared at the end of one of these paths, an old gentleman and a lady, and a tall, slight young woman In a bi cycling suit of covert cloth. With equal ustontshmcnt tlie new comers returned the gaze till the girl, about whose good looks the club had Instantaneously agreed to a man, gave a startled ex clamation of recognition, and Mr Rich ard Whitney, cynic and woman hater, hurried eagerly towards her with a What followed was in pantomime to his comrades. Handshaking, a few broken and embarrassed sentences, then he was presented to tho old lady and gentleman, and the conversation which began continued without any apparent end in view, until the other 3ouug gen tlemen left out In the cold fussed and fumed with indignation and Impatience, throwing themselves down In the sand awaiting Lord High Mlghty's pleasure to depart. "That's what I call consistent," grum bled Morris, feeling an Intense attraction towarils the unknown charmer whose graceful, lightly-built figure uppearcd at Us best advantage against tlie back ground of sen and sky. "Luck for Dick that she hasn't noticed mo. He wouldn't ho In It If she had," observed Boggle, serenely. "Peacock!" came from Hie others, and Morris gave him a kick a lltUc too de cided to be playful. "Can 1 help It?" said Adonis, with re proach. "1 don't want them to fait In love with me, but they always do. It's mighty awkward for u fellow some times." "Do you suppose site is in lovo with Dick?" asked Louis. "How do we know, chump?" respon ded the literary member. .Reggie regarded her fixedly. She was at that moment talking with great ani mation nnd glancing up at Richard co- quettishly. "I nhmtlri anv tthti wns. That's 1hr> way they generally look at me Just be fore they come to a crisis. I wonder who site is. 1 fancy I have seen her somewhere." - But now the recreant one turned on his Itcel. and walked slowly back to them across the beach. His man-of-the- worid nlr had /deserted him completely, and he felt as awkward and sheepish ns a raw pohCKJlboy oH he approached, greeted by a silence more eloquent than words. . . "it is an old friend of mine who has heen abroad for years." he began. "Poor chap!" sighed Reggie, too quietly to he heard. "One of those houses belongs to her uncle nnd aunt. They Just came down for lite day— came on the train, arid she Is going lo ride back on her wheel." Still that uncomfortable silence as the lads scrambled up and prepared to lend away their bicycles. ' " Walt a mlmUci" stammered Dick. "You— you had better go on without me. She wants' me to go with' her. I don't like to refuse an old friend, and, beside, she doesn't know tho road. Well?" The club turned and looked at him as < one man, and the captain became con scious of a sudden intense envy, of a clam that lay at his feet. "We might ail escort her," said Morris, dryly. "There's safety in numbers." "Yes, introduce us," clamored tho oth ers. "Better not," said Reggie, shaking Ids handsome bead, "I'm fond of you, old fellow, and you wouldn't have a show If she saw me." A violent resentment gripped at Dick's heart at this; he ploked up ids tail wheel and turned uwuy. Tho lovely stranger , had been watching him under her long lashes, wondering why the situation, seemed so strange, and what had tem po rtl Ids Joy at mooting her again. " 1 shall have to lead him on," she thought, "but I am certain he loves me still, and I always meant to murry him In the end. "Dick," as he enme up to her "who is that uwfully good looking man- the one In tho groen and blue stock ings?". Twenty minutes later tho Comet Club had readied the top of a long and gentle naccnt, which it was only a pleasure to climb, and there pausing . for breath, gluncod 'backward Instinctively along thu road they had just passed over. At the fool of the hill they saw tho captain' und tho old friend who looked not a dny over, twenty, walking, slowly, and engaged In" conversation of tho most Interesting na ture. : " 4 Discretion is the better pnrt of va lor/ quoted Morris significantly, nnd the dorlslvo laughter that followed was borne on the wind to; the ears of that couple. Dick bit his lip savagely. "They aro bidding you1 good-hy," she said softly, "but .you don't mind when you havo got mo, do you?" But littler Louis fit csomcthtng thump ing at hlo side ull tho way home, not ,liis heart, but tho beloved mecrsdiaum which tho cynic hud toft behind, forgot-. ten, on the . bead).-' -Boston Herald. . 