GRANNY'S GHOST, It was in Militown; this haunted house of -which I write; and, as is nsnal in suoh cases, the occupants wero ill at ease. It wns annoying, to say the least, to hear thai? ghostly rocking, rocking to and fro in midnight hours, when the ilightest Boand nisumed startling proportions. Squire Elkins had bought the place at a bargain— or ao it seemed ; but if he had known it was haunted he wuuld not have taken it at any pries. Not that be was nervous or believed in ghosts ; bat it was "doucodly uncomfort able," he said, to be rousod from slumbtr half a dozen times in a night with the information that somebody was rooking the big'armehsir. " Well, let 'em rock," ho growled. " I don't want to." " Yea ; bnt Harvey, what ia it ? " " I don't know ond don't caro. Go to sleep, Sarah." - And Sarah tried— perhaps ahe succeeded ; hut ' whan that mysterious rocking began again the seeno was repeated, until in desperation the squire would go to "the large apartment which answered for kitchen end dieing-room. It, was very comfortable there. A big rocking-chair occupied the cozy eoreer between the hearth and the pantry door. Upon a small stand were tho evening' pipers and a lamp. Just opposite waa Sarah's low chair, iu which she wis wout to rook and knit. But why tbo rocking should continue after tho occupants of tho ehairs wore in bod was a mattor that puzzled and alarmed her. Only lately had she heard the sound, but she was sure her ears did not deceive her. The squire did not toll her opon hia rotera from the investigating tours which she forced him to make that tho -big ohsir was swaying bock and forth as if recently vacated. " Some natural cause for it but I'll be confounded if I see just what." he mattered, then nnblushingly declared to his wife that not a thing was stirring, not even a moose. When she began to talk- of ghosts he ridi culed the idea, yet wondered the while why the place was sold so cheaply. To be sure the house was somewhat out of repair but paint and plaster would soou remedy that ; tho laud was good and well located ; if there should be suoh a thing as a house being haunted, that would account. " But, pshaw ! there era no ghosts," he mentally exclaimed ; and ho dis missed the mattor from his mind and slept the sleep of the just. Nut so poor Sarah. When the idee had once possessed bar mind she could not get rid of it. Sho began to mako cautious inquiries of the neighbours concerning the former owner and hiB family. Shu learned that Mr. Harris bad beon a widower with several children. A servant girl and his helpless old mother completed the family. " Whon she died he sold out and moved away. Tho house doesn't look the same with out the old ( lady, She always sat in that cornor and rooked. I can just shut my eyes and sea her now." Thus the voluble noiglibour chatted on, an- mindful of the horrible certainty that took pos session of Mrs. Elkins. " I just know it, Harvey. " Tho house is actually haunted," she said to her husband that night, in a terrified whisper. " It's old Granny Harris's ghost rocking in your big chair. What ever shall we do ?" " Do nothing," snapped the Squire, to whom the subject bad become an exasperating one. " The old woman ia welcome to rock all night, just so she don'i dispute my claim to the chair before bedtime." " Oh, Harvey, how can you talk' so ? I would not sit in that chair for tho world." " The old women, Harvey i She's rocking ! I can't stand it." " Confound the old woman — and yon, too ! I i ever heard of a more peaceable ghost. What would you do with ono that wandered around in a winding sheet, with fiery eyes and sulphurous breath ? " Foor Sarah cowered beneath the bedclothes whileher husband resumed his snoring — a souud much more formidable than the mysterious rocking. Squire Elkins was not a cruel man, but ho knew little about nerves, and had not tho least sympathy for his timid wifo. Nothing but bodily danger could alarm him. " Harvey, can't I send for Cynthia ? I'm really ill," said Sarnh ono morning after a night of almost incessant rocking. " Why, of course, if yon want to ; but not a word about ghosts to ber." Cynthia was bermaiden sister, who lived with their brothor John, iu Newton. Sho came at once. " Well, Sarah, you do look bad, for a fact," was tho sympathetic spinster's greeting. " But I'll chirkyou up abit, I brought some sassafras and camomile and lady's slipper with mu." The day passed pleasantly enough, and at nine o'eloek ail was as quiet as usual. Cynthia slept just across the ball from her brother and his wife. There was only a partition between tho bedrooms and the kitchen, though both doors opened into the bait. "Sarah," called Cynthia, an hour later, "are you ill ? " " No," was tho maflled response from the covert of tho bedclothes. " Is Ilarvoy ?" " No," again. , " What's ho sitting up for ?" " It ain't him, Cynthia." " Well, who is it P" " I don't know." " Don't know P Well, I'm going to know !" The bedroom door openad and an energetic slop was heard ia tho hnll. "Don't don't, Cynthia 1, Listen to me !"- camo - in terrified accents from tho opposite room. Cynthia opened tho door os Sarah whispered faintly — " It's— it's z ghost, Cynthia ; but don't let Harvoy know 1 told." " Harvey, Harvey !" eiicd Cynthia. " Gat up and sse who's in that rooking-ehcir." " Lord preserve us ! Whafll I do with two of 'em P" groined the poor squire, aa Cyntbis retreated to bed and stuffed the clothes ia her cars to shut out the mysterious rooking that came and ceased, and eame and oeaeed, and came again, all night long. In tho morning oho beard tho etory, and understood that no herb, however patent, would " ohirk up " hor sistor-in law. Another night,a repetition of the first, Cynthia returned to John's house, taking Sarah with hor. - Squire Elkins felt greatly relieved at first ; hut when a week had passed be began to long for oompany, and hailed with pleasure the night's sojourn of a passing pLddler. To his siiuoyanoo the transient guest luquired in tho morning tbo meaning of the rooking ho had hoard. The squire explained and tho news that the Harris bouse was haunted flew on willing wings. Then the real trouble began. Howss deluged with inquiries and confronted by the, most senseless and bloodcurdling tales imagin able. He denied and exaggerated by turns, and tho ball kept rolling. The house was avoided os if a pestilence lurked there ; team sters whipped up thoir horses and hurried by. Somo even viewed tho Squire askance, until in his righteons indignation ho grew so flerco that it was said ho' was going crazy, and that (ia addition to the ghost) was why his wifo had left him. A few venturesome spirits essayed an investi gation, but eaoh' oho heard the mysterious sounds, and went away, to .odd frcsh'fucl to tho flames. Olio even asserted that he had seen s shadowy form, in cap and spectacles, amnios i to and fro within the chair, and heard a moans: Itig as of someone in distress. And nobody' qnevtionul the truth of tbo statement, though not a single hearer would have believed ths- man on oath in a bnainrss transaction. The Squire grow sick of the " infernal non sense," as he termed it, before two weeks hsd passed, and wroto to his wife to retnrn home. When she did Dot come ho went overto Newton to seo about it. Uo gave a fall history of how hia neighbours — "tho confonndod idiots!"— were talking, and bid Sarah "paok her duds and go homo to shut their months." "Oh, Harvey, sell tho place — give it away— anytbiog but take me back there 7" pleaded Sarah, and Cynthia seconded her entreaty. Squire Elkins stormed and tore, and swore he would never do it for any ghost, nor the foolish whim of a woman. "Docs the obair really rock, Uncle Harvey?? osked hia ncice, Kitty Elkins, when she found the squire alono. "It does for a fact, Kitty." "But what makes it go ? " "Granny Harris, I reckon— I don't knot?) what eiso. They say sho always sat in that cornor; it's a very comfortable one; I don't wonder alio likes to como back ; and I'm sure no one ought to complain if I don't. We never Occupy the chair at the same time." "But she's dead, Uncle Harvey ; yon sorely don't believe in ghosts ?" "Don't know,. Kit. There's something, mighty qncer about it. But I never heard of s sensible? ghost. As long as she don't take to wandoring around, I've not a word to say, Sho can havo my ohair whenever I don't want it. I don't sea how folks con bo so selfish." " I'll toll you what we'll do, Uncle Harvey, If Not Baker will go along — and I know she will, she's always fa for any fun — we'll go with you and lay that ghost, so Aunt Sarah can return to her home again." Tho next night two merry, mischievous gitb were domiciled ia the hall bedroom, , "How's the ghost ? Baked the Squire in the I morning. > "I entirely forgot that 'Granny' doesn't introduce herself when she comes, and wo went to sleep and nover woke up till broad daylight," admitted Kitty. " Wo'll stay awake to night. Uncle Harvey." So the noxt night they turned their light down and told stories to keep awoke till th ghost should make her presonca known. They had not long to wait. Turning np the light they hastened to the kitchen. Yes, the chair wea rooking, but nothing furthor could thoy discover. It was vacant, for Kitty sat in it, to mako assurance doubly sure. Thoy withdrew leaving the light this timo. When the rooking was repeated they rushed upoD tho scene with the samo result as before. It did look queor— that swaying chair, propelled by unseen forces ; but neither of tho girls was superstitious iu the least, " Ono thing we've learned," said Kit, "the. ghuBt isn't afraid of a light, Wo'll stay, too, this timo." So thoy brought a quilt and pillows, and- curled down in semi-shadow to watch. All was quiet, and Kitty was fast losing consciousness when a slight noise roused her. She sat up and peered anxiously at the rooking-chair. Nothing unusual could sbo scu ; hut just beyond a alight movement caught ber keen eye. Bho grasped Net's arm and said iu suppressed merriment— "Granny must bo coming. See those two littlo black eyes just beyond tho choir ?" Iu an instant tho ayes were followed byztiny brown head. Then an agile mouse sprang from a holo in tho plastered wall to the book of tbo chair. Down it ran to the arm, jumped! from tboro to tho stand, and very industriously' began tearing pieces from a newspaper. When it bad all it could carry it hied away home by its previous route. Tbo girls bad been ao interested in the littla creature's movements that the truth nover dawned upon them until it had jumped from the swaying rocking chair and disappeared into its holo. " Granny, as I live!" exclaimed Kit, "Hurrah ! Unolo Harvoy! Undo Ilarvoy! we've spotted the ghost!" And then they laughed long and loud until tho squire appeared. The chair was still rocking from the impetus tho tiny mou-o had given it, and the mystery . was explained. " I thought the old lady had been making kind of free with my papors lately ; but I hated to meotioe it, not wanting to seem selfish," was tho Squire's only comment. Aunt Sarah came home after the wells had been replastercd, end Undo Harvey gave each of the girls an elegant gold ring for services rendered. And would you believe it ? After tho thing eame out, not a soul could be found who aver believed thoro wis any ghost— not oven Mrs, Elkins horsdf. That ring is still among Kit's choicest treasures, and she ia often porsuaded to oxhibit it to her children's guests— of whioh 1 chanced to bo one— while she rolates how tho Harris ghost was laid. 