GHOSTS IB A PUBLIC HOUSE BAR. A remarkable dcfanco was raised in a licensing esse Id tbe Fltxroy court yesterday, when Susan Stephens, llconsee of the Fltrroy Club Hotel, was charged with allowing a bar door to bo open at a prohibited hour. The svidenoo went to show that at fibou. 1.45 .m. en 28th ult. Senlor-oonstnblo Hibberd and Constables Wis# and Sullivan onlled at tlio hotel. They were ndmlttad by tho lieensoo's daughter, who was then letting a mim nut by the side door. On entering tlicy wero shown along the pnssnga to a door leading Into tlio bar parlor, where they were allowed to wait for a minute or two, While standing there th constables removed a glass towel tlmt hung ovor the slide window in th bar. They saw through tho window a man in the bar, and observed that the bar door was upon, The Interior was "a blazo of light," aiid tllsy recognised lb tile man llivy saw the licensee's son. When they were even tually admitted to the parlor the licenses', sou and four men were there. Wiien tho police slated what thoy had just soon they denied thfit the bar door hail been opened. Tho only variation in th evidence for the prosecution was where O'Siilllvan said lie thought the man whom they saw in tbe bar had dark olotlios, wbtle Wise said iio wns in bis shirt alcoves. Neither oould any whether be hnd a lint on or not. Mr. Fallow Informed the bench that they were engaged in n case chat had notually arisen from n singular optical delusion. It was n noted fact, which exdited a great nlrnrant of ihtsrest amongst tlio members of the household and their friends, tlmt when any person passed be tween the gas light in the bar parlor nnd ths glass door leading into the liar, nn eye witness standing at the slide window where ths police were would be confident tlmtsomoone was in the bar, It wns a peeulinr phenomenon, .for'wiileli there was a sclentifio explanation, Btr. Tait, J.I'. I Then you nrs going to rely upon a ghost for your defence ? BIr. Fallow I am prepared to convince your worships of thy facts I have stated if you will visit the hotel, BIr. 'l'att : Can this oiltitrtis shadow bo seen in the daylight ? Mr. Far low : Oh, 110, only when tbe gfia it alight. . Mr. Tait : Tlicu it looks like a ghost. Mr. Farlow l I have to rely Upon it. "What ever opinion your worships have formed, tho fact remains. Miss Stephens stated ib evidence that her brother looked the bar door at tiio alosing hour, and gave hvr the key, whioh wu the general practice. Tim dour was not opened. Her brother's evidence Was to the same effect, The gits in the bar parlor caused "a blase of light" in the bar. The four men who were ill ths parlor had stopped lata talking about a bioyole race. 'l'hreo of thbm gave confirmatory evidence, Mid two, E. Fleer and Btatthew Doyle, stated that tlicy Imd seen experiments with the lights, nnd nssursd the eourt tlmt the effect made it appear tlmt there wns a man in ttie b\r. The bench held the ease proved, and imposed a penalty of £5 5s., adding thu 5). at the request of BIr. Farlow, who desired to appeal agaiust tho decision. 