TBE DOHCASTER. Fellow-punters ! From this date you are sentenced to 14 days' bard form- pickiag and weight-sifting, whereby you may eliminate the chanceless 'mongat the 31 now left in, and so qualify as men ia possession of a mortgage on the bookies' boodle- hags. Yet, in consideration of the smallness of yonr credit balance and the magnitude of your thirst, we will assist you in the pursuit of the science of ? Wealth without Work ' by endeavoring to cut out of the mob, and yard that scary beast, the 'cert,' and clap Tbtttb'b Al brand upon it, that it may be seen and understood ot all men, for their ultimate benefit Agreeable to expectations, Disfigured no longer ornaments the head and front oi the offending on the list, Delaware, 9st 81b, or 61b over hid losing impost on Saturday week, having that honor. On tbat running, allow ing for equal improvement, Valiant, Sst 81b, or 41b more than his winning quantum, must hold Delaware safe. Courallie is as anlacky a sprinter as Wallace is a stayer, lie may get a place, but we fancy True Blue will beat him, which does not give the Carrineton winner a bill ot sale over the stakes. Kalla tlna can have 'no show with Valiant, fot resJBoa.i similar to those In Dela ware's case. Jack o' LarUertt wilt have to improve to secure first glimpse of the jwge'B lamps. ' Inspiration should certainly' be Jack's master ? in fact, the last-named is equal to running this mile at a recordf bat Soyal Rosa is dubious »t present ; he may bloom la the spring, tra-la, later ob. Saaar will discover 8st quite as much Us he 'require* ; hit past deedfi Were netex iuperlatively excellent, itetpiaee is porhapil bettw over a longer distance . «rd nance, considering his abd Collarette's forin, U a most dangeiouB ftnttnal, and If the Chip ping Norton people stake their metal on hie mettle, a lot of folk may be subsequently re marking they ' did not know it Was loaded.' Djlmeny is batter than Merman,* which meant little. Vi'ftihine and The Hermit have a ghost of a bbow ; Bir George's form can be aliatea on recent running. Hindoo and Cravat both read tempting, but the latter is iuppbasdto be able to tie npthebUekson of Idolatry ; If so, he must have a biz, show. Vagabond is light o' foot, and bis January running with Inspiration puts him a long way thl-ongh the tunnel. Leonidas is on the improve, and may have to be reckoned witb, and the balance do not count at present. Taking an inventory of tha goods likeliest to cause least distress to backers if not a levy ott tha straight-out and double-merchants' exchequers, take note of Valiant, Cravat, Inspiration, Ordnance, Vagabond, and per haps' Leonidas. Next issue we will fine things down to fewer, aad anticipate the verdict if poisibhj, la threa and a cockboat. 