THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Janus, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing n two-year-old baby, nnd his face declared him to he one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and .about, and able to answer Hie knock at the door. Although pale, nnd bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an in valid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I nm glad of an opportunity to tell .von. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEAVE OFF WORK, and I have done nothing since then. About five years neo. next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking n bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, nnd after four years of gradual develonmcnt of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Is land." "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pnins were something terrible. They were iust about as much aa I could bear. Thev were for nil the world like as if a SAW WERE PUTTING MY BONES in two in overv nnrt of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone el «e. I was incessantly shivering nnd shaking, and' could neither eat. nor sleep. On the 23rd March Inst I went to the Sydney Hospital, and asked to be admitted for treatment. I was told that my case was utterly hopple®?, hut was given an order to the Director of the Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well In bed ever since. Five wreks ago I could not walk across the floor; In fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. A well-known doctor was attending ine, nnd did all lie could, by opium nnd morphia pills, to ease the ngonv I was in. T was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Atnxv, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that 1 might last for ten years, and that I might never pet the use of my iegs.r (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at on idea conveyed by the ad vertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I rend in the <« i ii 11 i » I... Yl'lllinmc' Plnlf TMI1® 'Australian ...... for Pale People. 1 read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. 1 determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anvway. and SENT FOR A BOX. The effect won a? marvellous as it was magical. I, was able to rut and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first npnetite nnd rest I hnd for' manv a dnv. It was incredible. 1 immediately left; the 'bed and was able to move, about. 1 have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick,' and am gradually, but surely, recovering tuv former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't wont them. All I want Is this stick,- and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." r ...w "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. .Tarvls, tjno had emnc in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have SAVED I11S LIFE and made another man of him." t A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight 1 "I can now." continued Jan-Is. "hnve a cold hath, and all the feeling has come back in my leps. If I keep on going the wnv I am. I hope to be able to work in a short time. T feel that I shall then he well enough to resume work as n l»oilennaker, and you know I have to he in the verv pink of health and strength to work at that trade. 1 am BETTER TO-DAY than T have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe nil the change and benefit to these Pink Pill. Thev have saved my life. I am in no pain now what ever. and feci like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of OPIUM AND MORPHIA, pill® which the doctor gave me to deaden the excrucia ting pain. But. they can stav where thev are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows mc has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardlv believe their eves. My bring about again has caused quite a sensation out here," Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued Bpeou towards re covery, our representative withdrew. 