CHAPTER XXIX. The Solution of the Mystery. I stood on the threshold 01 Hie camn uiun derstruck, turned to stone, almost incapable of speech. Was the man a ghost? Did the dead return? This was the gre test mystery of all. "Cyrus Barry!" I gasped, leaning sick and faint against the Avail. "Cy-" My voice died away in my throat. Tho unexpected appearance of the dead man look away voice and power of thought. "Yes, I am Cyrus Barry," he said quietly, "and you are Dr. Fairfax, whom my poor brother sent to avenge my death. Well, I am not dead. I was only wounded, and that not seriously." T turned to look for Adelaide, if only to draw self-control from her proud gaze, but she was gone. While I had been staring at this new Lazarus, she had fled up the stairs and left me alone with herold lover. "It is just as well," said Barry, in answer to »my inquiring look. "I would rather tell you my story without her being present." "Tell me your story!" "Yes; I think you havo earned a right lo hear it, so 1 determined lo set your mind at rest, before I left England." "You »leave -England?" 1 said, stupidly wondering why he thus abandoned his ca- reer. "To-night, if the wind rises, as lhere is eveiy chance of its doing before midnight." "Why?" "For several reasons. One, because I am a marked man, and may be killed at any monlent .by -the anarchists; another, because 1 killed Bruce." "You killed him!" "Yes; I killed the scoundrel," «aid Barry, in tones of the deepest hatred. "He brought about my ruin with »the Society; he tried to kill me; he would have done so had he lived. I killed hiim to save myself." "But. Barry, how did-" "It's a long story. Come in and see my brother, then you will hear all. It is the only thing I can do for you, who tried so hard to avenge my death. Come." I bowed my »head, and obeyed in silence. Captain Jim smiled as I bent over him, and weakly pressed my hand. "Ytou see I was right in saying I would meet you at Manxby," he said, in an un» usually strong voice. "Cyrus was deter- mined to tell you all before leaving Eng- land for ever. Sit down on that chest, my friend, and listen." I did as he told nie, and looked at Barry, who stood with loosely4'olded hands, in the full glare of the lamp. He was »a splendid looking niau, but his face was thin and colorless. Only by the greatest effort did he manage to speak. "You know the most of the story," he said, looking at me with strange intensity, "so I need not go over old ground. Rut for the sake of making things clear I will recapitú- lale to some extent." I made no comment on this speech beyond bowing my hoad, upon which he »resumed his story-surely one of ihe strangest that had ever issued from the lips of man. Even now as I write, the scene arises be- fore my mind's eye. The narrow, stifling cabin, all shadow and yellow mist; the anarchist with his noble head thrown back; his 'hands, as it were in handcuffs, hanging before him; and the sick man on the bed gazing steadfastly at his brother-at the felon and murderer, whom he loved with exceeding love. It was a strange scene, but the story was stranger. "1 am now a wanderer," sahl Barry, in his deep voice; "but, as you know, I was a journalist and' a socialist-not an anarchist! No, I am not a brute; nor did I see the use of using violent means to reform the world. My objection to those measures brought about the whole of this tragedy, as you shall hear. Thero is some good in us, Doctor Fairfax, though very little. If I killoe, one man, I saved a hundred. Put this against that, and do not blame me over- much. "The story commences from the time when I went to Scotland some years ago. Ade- laide was then singing at a» imusic-hall, -and was by no means the great lady she is now. 1 was deeply in love wi'fh 'her; but she re- fused to listen to me, on the plea that-1 was not rich. Hitherto I had always scorned money, as I believed in an equal elivision of .things. A socialist never desires to be rich. But love put all those ideas of equality and fraternity out of my head, and I determined to earn money, so as to make Adelaide my wife. I did not see how I could get a for- tune, till chance sent me -to Edinburgh. There I became friendly with Bruce and his mother. He was a law clerk, poor and un- known, and helped to support his mother, who was sick and feeble. The son was called away from Edinburgh, and the mother died." "It was then that she revealed her history, was »it not?" "l'es; she told me that her real name was Laura West, and that she was the legitimate wife of Sir Walter Cardell. Before she died »he gave me the certificate of marriage, and implored me to reinstate Leonard Bruce in his birthright. Before I could promise this she died, and I was left holding the young man's fortunes in my hand unfettered by any oath." "Still you knew what she wished, and tfhouId have acted honorably," I said with some reproach. "I acted in the manner I thought would gain me Adelaide," replied Barry, coldly. "With the certificate I returned to London, and made inquiries about Hie Caifdell family. Then I learned that Sir Walter was dead, and that he had been succeeded by his younger brother Digby, who ¡had made a great deal of money by leasing his estates 1er the building of Manxby." "Did you know that, ho was in love with Miss Erskine?" I asked curiously. "Not at that lime, but I did later on. I olio ed to suppress the certificate and tell B> nee nothing if Sir Digby gave me eight thousand pounds." "On that you intended to marry Ade- laide?" "I did. I told her the story of Bruce, MUppressing certain facts necessary to prove his legitimacy. She was curious to see Bruce, and she did see him in the end, for he carne up to London against my will. I took him to lodge with me at Old Jane's, so that I could keep bim under my eye, and 1 supplied him with money. That was be- fore 1 went to lodge in Fitzclarence Square. I also introduced him to the socialists, MI thai I might gain more power over him." "What use was that, when you had de- cided not to tell him the i ruth?" "I was not quite decided," said Barry calmly. "Sir Digby refused to give me the eight thousand pounds, so 1 was nearly on (he point of telling Bruce all, thinking I would get tho money from him. Then I found that Adelaide was in love with him." "And he with her?" "Yes. In a wonderfully short space of lime they became engaged, and I was left out in the cold. Bul I knew Adelaide would not marry him unless he succeeded to the Cardeli title and estates, so I refused to give bim tho certificate or to tell him in what church his parents were married. Without mo ho could not prove his legitimacy, and, therefore, he could not marry Adelaide." "But Adelaide might have married Sir D'gby. What then?" "She could not do so, for she was in love with and engaged to Bruce. Yes, I really bille ve she loved him, and 1 had no fear of Sir Digby, though he was always after her at the theatre. Ah, that pair were more lucky than I; yet what was their love com- pared to mine?" He heaved a sigh, and resumed his story after a short pause, during which he no doubt thought of the woman now on deck, pacing under the stars. I wondered vague- ly if she felt any remorse for ruining this man's life. Knowing her as I elid I thought nor. "Bruce and I used lo fight desperately at Old Jane's," he resumed. "She-" "She heard you." "I don't wonder at it," said ho grimly; "we made noise enough. Bruce wanted lo kuow the truth and I refused to tell him, so as to delay »the marriage. Then he grew angry and Meei to ruin me with the Society. At that time they were 'making up a plot to blow up the Houses of Parliament. I spoke against it, as I did not believe in such vio- lent means being used. Bruce heard the speech, »and took advantage of it to tell the Society that I had betrayed thom." "Upon which they condemned you to death as a traitor?" "Tliey did so. Why, I had not even a chance of denying »the lie; but I suppose Bruce managed all that. He was selected to kill me, anel accepted the commission willingly, so that he could go home after 1 was dead anel rifle my desk. Well, he stabbed mo while I was speaking in Hyde Park, and I fell. You know the details of that' it was in all the papers." "You wore not dangerously wounded?" "No; the knife turned against a pocket book, and the slab in the back was of no account. I fainted from loss of blood, and Mrs. Tyke carried me off. She made use of the anarchists present to baffle the police." "But why should they do so, when they had condemned you?" "Because the secret .mark of the Society is tattooed on my body, and they did not want the police to see it. Mrs. Tyke carried mo off, as I said, and I was taken to Canute Villa, where she nursed me through my illness." "Oh, then, that Avas the secret of the villa; I thought it was Magsey." "No, it was I," said Barry calmly. "I re- covered, and found that Mrs. Tyke had taken all my papers. She »refused to give them up, as she wauled the certificate sup- pressed and her daughter to marry Sir Dig- by." "What did you say to -that?" "Nothing. In my illness my love for Ade- laide had died away. Ali I wanted was lo punish the traitor who had betrayed me. Ho came down to Ma.nxby after Adelaide, and she visited «him, so that he should not go to Canuto Villa and learn that I Avas still alive. Of courso he thought nie dead. I Avas glad of that, as it enabled me to kill him." "How did you manage it?" I asked, shrink- ing from him. The cold-blooded brutality of the man was terrible. "Why," he said hoarsely, "it Avas not diffi- cult. I grew Avell and strong in a Avouder fully short space of time, and Avalehed my opportunity. I knew that Bruce usually Avalkod back with Adelaide lo Canuto Villa, and look advantage of the fact. Ho left her at tlic gate, whereupon I slipped out of the house and followed him down to the beach. Ile chose that way to return to his lodgings, little thinking that the man ho deemed dead Avas at his heels. Face to face I met him in the moonlight. He reeled, and would have fallen on the sands, deem- ing he saw a ghost. 1 gave bim no time lo recover; I struck hard, and »he fell dead at my feet, the knife in his heart." "And the boat?" "Au aflcr-thought. I Avas afraid lest in- quiries» should be made, lest the finding of the corpse on Hie beach should lead to my detection; so, catching sight of the boat!-, drawn up in a line, I determined to send tne body adrift. I took the 'Liza Jane, placed the corpso therein, and rowed out to boa in another boat. It was hard work to got the two along, but 1 felt like a madman -strong and lusty. I could have moved mountains. Far out I undressed the body of Bruce so a9 to prevent identification, and bound it spread-eagle fashion to the thwart« of the 'Liza Jane. The clothes I sunk in the Channel, 'with a stone tied to them. Then I sent one boat adrift Avith the dead man, and returned in »the other. It was not difficult to regain the villa, where I lay worn our Avith Aveariness." "I do not wonder at it. Did you accom- plish all this single-handed, and after re- covering from a severe illness?" "Yes; my hate made me strong. I was mad with desire lo rid myself of my enemy. I know it sounds impossible, but it is so." "One last word, Barry. Who betrayed the anarchist plot to »the police?" "I did," he said coolly; "they tried to kill me as »a traitor Avhen I Avas none, so 1 punished »them by becoming Avhnt they made me, and ruined »their cause. I am not sorry for what I havo done, so don't think it. 1 hated Bruce, and killed him as 1 AVOUIC! a dog. I hated the anarchists, and did them a bad turn. Now I leave England, Avith my revenge fully gratified. There, Doctor Fair- fax, is tlie story; make what use of it you jilease." Then turning abruptly on his heel he left the cabin. That was the last I saAv of Cyrus Barry. (To be contiuueel.) , , , , 