A FORESIGHT. A child-came singing througli the dusty town A song so sweet that all men stayed to hear, Forgetting, for » space, their ancient fear, Of evil days and death and fortune's frown. She sang of Winter dead and Spring nenr-boru In the green fields beyond the far hills bound And ho w this fair Spring, coming blossom-crowned. Would cross the City's threshold on the morn. And each caged bird in cv'ry house anigb, Ev'n as she sang, caught up the glad refrain Of Ijove and Hope and fair days come again, Till all who heard forgot they had to die. And all the ghosts of buried woes were laid That heard the song of this sweet sorceress: The Past became a Dream of old distress. And merry were the hearts of man and maid. So, fit tl:e first faint flush of tender Dawn, Spring stole with noiseless steps through the gre» gloom. And man knew oulv by a strange perfume Which filled the air, that She hod come and gone. But, ah, the lustre of her violet eyes Was dimmed with tears for her sweet singingmaid ° Whose voice would sound no more in sun or shade To charm men's 60ule at set of sun or rise. For there with dews of daw n upon her hair. Like a fair tlower plucked and flung awav, Dead in the street the little maiden lay,' Who gave new life to hearts nigh dead of care. Alas, must this be still the bitter doom Awaiting those, the (incr-souled of earth, Who make for men a morning-song of mirth While yet the birds are dumb amid the gloom ? They walk on thorny ways with feet unshod, Sing one last song, and die as that song dies. There iB no human hand to close their eyes, And very heavy is the hand of God, V.J.D. " Another measure, which we should be desirous to see adopted is the imposition of a land tax, the produce of which would aBsist in rendering the income completely equal to the expenditure, and dispense with the costly and improvident plan of continued resort to loans iu this country. It is a species of tar, we mar observe, that has always the further advantage of tending to prevent the accumulation in private hands of large and unprofitable tracts of waste land."—From report of the " Colonisation Commissioners " of South Australia, appointed by the British Government, 1840. 