Here and There. BY JAPONICA. When Samuel Edward Lees. Esq., M.L.O., was defeated over the Nepean Election, he very easily and readily con soled himself by expressing a wish "that T. R. Smith would show, at the end of his term, as clear a sheet as he (S. E. Lees) did." Now, I suppose there are not many electors in the Nepean who care the least thing about T.R.'s clean sheets, it is clean roads they require. I have just looked over a considerable portion of "Tom's " elector ate, and truly it never looked cleaner, or so naturally nice. The roads, save that wretched enclosure called the Luddenham Road, and that portion of the Mulgoa Road within the Penrith Municipality, are in very good order indeed. But the dusty way to Luddenham is beyond description. What with mud in wet weather, and dust in dry, ruts, holes, and some funny things called culverts, it would be proper to call it the blockade to Luddenham. In conver sation with a resident of Littlefields (east side), he said, " It is no distance to Kings wood Railway Station, but there is no road to it." And yet this ten-mile desert at present is under the control of three Municipalities, with the Government thrown in, and is scarcely passable with a bullock team. There is an absurd custom complied within our cities whioh suspends all vehicular traffic during Church hours, but I'll be d-----d if the responsible parties haven't practically suspended all the light vehicular traffic to and from Luddenham for an indefinite period. When under the influence of pleasurable excitement during the last election I foolishly wagered some coins of the realm with an enthusiastic Leesite that that Thomas Richard Red Cow Smith j (if he got in), together with the twenty seven surrounding aldermen, would resurrect | this celebrated mud and dust farm in less than six months; but, lo and behold you, I lost my wager, and Lazarus is lying low yet. All those who have ears to hang, let them hang. ####### From Penrith - I mean from Jamison town, or, rather, let me say, from 'Glen leigh' - to Mulgoa is perhaps one of the most charming country drives in Cumberland With the exception of a moderate dust, which is inevitable in fine weather, the road is first rate. They tell me the Municipal authorities never touch this road, and that, perhaps, aocounts for it being so good. Now, that part of the road between Factory lane and Penrith is in a wretched state. It is not only fearfully rutty, but disgustingly dusty. It is so nicely dished and sloped upward outwardly that the wind has not the ghost of a chance of blowing the dust out of it. If Penrith people desire a change of climate in this particular locality, all they have to do is to shovel the dust out of the road, then pump it full of water - it would make a lovely canal. They tell me the Penrith Council spends a lot of money on this road too; that aocounts for it being so bad. There was better roads about there when the blacks owned the oountry than now. "Lift up the shovel and the hoe. ######## Past Glenleigh, what a winding, undulat ing pretty way it is. Over hill and dale, both side of the track so fresh and open, like a great park all the way, the finest wild apple trees to be seen in the colony; such wide-spreading old branches; such delight ful shade; how they invite you to picnic and sleep "Easter the whole day long". Surely the country never looked better than now. What a picnic for pasture- feeding things and the " brown, sweet bee." Such a prodigality of fodder. Everybody, and, indeed, everybody else, grows corn and pumpkins, and has at least an acre of tassalled sorghum, exactly eight feet six inches high, and broad acres of waving grass as level as a lake. Several of the farmers out there are harvesting their superfluous grass, and it looked wonderfully nice and bright put up in windrows. These wild grasses, well seasoned and mixed with a scattering of oaten hay and sprinkled with salt when stacked, is calculated to make quite a number of old cows feel just glad they are alive during the winter months. Suffer the poor old things to come in out of the cold. ######## We are slowly getting into the way of conserving the water. Why not take care of our grasses also? In older countries they utilize everything, and that is just precisely what we will have to do yet. It will surely come to pass, but we will some how have to be born again before we do anything so sensible, and not after the manner of Nick-o-Deemus, either. The young Australian's speciality is extrava gance and stupidity (I am one of them). The times are bad now, but if it learns us a lesson in thrift it will be a good lesson for us all "Sweet are the uses of adversity (see Shakespeare for further particulars). Young Australia will have to go slow or she will find herself in a pawn-shop. This colony don't make misers much, but every thoroughfare from Sydney to Bourke, from the Murray to the Queensland border, is full of prodigals, and, worse luck, the "Prodigal Son" don't care to go home, as he knows there is no fat calves to kill at the old man's residence, and the chances are the old chap wouldn't kill it if he had one. ####### Once "Smith's Bush," then later on "Bull's Bush," now Southborough or East borough. What a transformation scene! Fancy a tannery in "Saw-pit Gully"; a flower garden on "Deadman's Hill; a park on the Myrtle Hills, and poultry farms where the "possum," the bandicoot, the kangaroo rat and the brown quail had it all their own way say twenty years ago. it seemed strange to me, a native of the soil, to stand on "Mimosa" Park and notice the wonderful change in a few years. I don't know which to admire the most, its present aspect or the past. Nature made this particular part of Cumberland a dense forest, so dense indeed in parts, no cattle could penetrate it, the home of the black cockatoo, the bronzewing pigeon, the curlew, the black magpie, the big "game," and everything. What a field for sport was there! Pigeon and quail shooting was a success in every part of it, and now and again when this wild garden blossomed the mountain parrots came down in millions. Then the banging of guns let parents know how many truant boys were abroad from school. "Oh, those wild woods were fresh and fair, And with joy that is almost pain My heart goes back to wander there, And amongst the dreams of things that were, I find my lost youth again." Oh! give me the old scrub back again, and my old mates with Tommy axe and gun, the finding and felling of bees nests, the wild honey in the combs. "Oh, had I the wings of a dove, I would fly " - into a pub. (Whisky please). ######## The roads are wonderfully good all round about St. Marys, and the Windsor Road, between St. Marys and the "burnt bridge," is exceptionally nice. There is no transfor mation anywhere along there. The timber getters have certainly taken all the tall straight trees away, but the rest is a vast thicket. What a stretch of barren waste of worthless soil unlike "Smith's old bush," it is without hill or dale, with a sameness of surface and vegetation that is truly monotonous. This scrubby expanse is an eyesore to the district. It was spoken of as coming within the Mulgoa Irrigation area. It would be an advantage to the district if it was cleared and cropped even with ordinary grasses, and with irrigation it would grow grass surely. Someone asked Artemus Ward his opinion of a cer tain farm, how many bushels of maize he thought it would produce to the acre. The answer was "10 acres to the bushel." If P. G. King, Esq., M.L.C., pay tax on this wild bush, then he is indeed a victim. The unimproved value of this particular land is considerably less than when Governor Phillip and his little party crossed it a hundred years ago when in search of the Nepean River, for every bush fire has increased the growth of scrub on it, so that nothing wider than a snake can go through it. Strangers passing through by train must form a poor opinion of St. Marys; the station and its surroundings are very uninviting, if not to say ugly. The Shane's Park Hotel reminds you of departed joys, departed never to return. My friend and schoolmate, Andy Thompson, should without any further delay, purchase all the land adjoining his own, say to the extent of two miles, and rake it up clean \- just for a lark, you know. ######## A sniff of dear old Mamre-lane superfine red dust seemed as sweet to me as fruit stolen from Mamre garden. It reminded me - well, it reminded me - of the near past and the long ago; in fact, it reminded me of everything that happened between the years of our Lord 1857 and 1880 - 23 years of larrakin life. "0, what a piece of work is a boy!" How I escaped the lockup can only be accounted for by showing that Constable Moss was deaf, blind, and dumb. How I escaped a flogging at home every 24 hours can easily be explained; when the old man was in anger and willing, I was rather suddenly not there. Mamre Lane! Smith's wild bush on one side and the "fattening paddock" on the other. With a cart track winding through the trees, it seems but yesterday. Yet, how many who once travelled this road are dead ? John Corry, with his old-fashioned gig; George Chalker, Sam Baker, Bob Luke, and many others so familiar. How few are left of this sturdy old class of settlers? It would be less lonely to wander alone in a strange land than in familiar places and meet all strangers there, and say like the old man in the song "No One Remembers Me " would make one feel as forlorn and sad as the celebrated Scotch Lassie who "Lost Her Rose by Bonny Doon." 