QUIZ'S MODERN RECITER* Bingen on *ehe Rhine. A soldier of militia was lying on his ears He was camped on Granite Island, and he'd swallowed many feeej^ ; But a comrade stood beside him as bis life-blood ebbed away, And using an ear trumpet bent to bear what ; he might say. _ ■ v: T The dying s<fldier guigled as he took that comrad^^^ And he said, ■ ^;neyer.:; more on parade ground shall I ^ , Take my hast, my dyingwkhe8,andgive me some German wine, ' For I was born at Bingen—fair Bingen on the Rhine.': ii Tell my brothers and companions when they're drinking down their quarts That my sickness was quite sudden—that I was outof sorts— That I'd fought the battle , bravely fill Lovelock came along; And was cheering up my comrades with the latest shanty song j But the Yankalilla powder was really no small And Lovelock's mounted rifles caused me speedily to choke; v Then tell them that you carried me to where I now recline Without a quencher, though I come from Bingen on the Rhine. " Tell my mother that her other sons will bring her home their screw, And keep the larder well supplied, and whisky for her too. ■ For her husband was a soldier, and he liked his spirito And she would join him in his grog—the two you couldn't beat, And when he died she taught me, an infant small and thin, The taste of paregoric with a little dash of gin, And to this mild refreshment did my infant lips incline, For I was born at Bingen—fair Bingen on the Bhine. <( Tell my sister not to weep lor me, nor think of me as dead, . When the troops are marching home again, with Gordon at their head, But to look upon theni proudly, and to tell the reason why v A man on Granite Island came to yield the ghost anddie; She'll tell them that on New Year's Bay, which shone so bright and clear, The pubs in Victor Harbor hadn't got a drop of beer, That her brother, quite esdiausted, fell from out the serried line, For he had come from Bingen—fair Bingen on _dbhe Bhine. "There's another, notTa sister, with each cheek Uke blooming peach, Pray tell herlcan't treat her to a tram to Henley Beach, That we'll sit no more together with a giggle on the car, ' Or order our refreshments when Mac is at the bar; . »• Tell her the last night of my life I thought of lemonade, And how we sipped it smiling in the pleasant jetty's shade; I dreamed that she was drinking with her hand locked fast in mine, And that I sang of Bingen—fair Bingen on the " I saw the billows sweep—I heard, or seemed to hear, Her voice pronouncing something—" Bill, have another beer f And then I woke to find, alas! it only was a dream ^ That Warland's barrels bad run dry and that there was no gleam Of hope at Humberatone's hotel, where thirsty With hot and flaming faces and with half unbuttoned vest; Tell her that from that moment I began to fade and pine, Fori was born at Bingen—fair Bingen on the Rhine/'* t ■ His voice grew still more husky, he babbled when he spoke, His comrade tried to cheer him with a regimental But hark ! a railway whistle sounding nearer and yet near— " It is the train from Goolwa, and they're bringing in the beer." Then up that dying soldier rose, and clasped his comrade's hand, " Come, take me off this island, 'cross the jetty to the land, Well sample beer from Goolwa, of pints have ninety-nine, For I was born at Bingen—fair Bingen on the \- Rhine." 