I'HJJi GEM FINDERS' ' of ' Arnheim's Laud. AN AUSTRALIAN SffORY. Bv 0A?TAIN LACIB. CorvatOHTED. I'ART. I. ' ; M ' Wo had bettor run into tho gulf, tante. ; X don't like that cloud yonder. If it means i anything at all, it gives Bigns of a Willy Willy." "Yes, Captain, there's a storm brewing .Sure enough.1' The spealcors wore Captain Preston and hie mate, William BarrowB, as they , stood on the deck of tho pearl fisher Lucinda and cagorly saanned tho south western horizon. The vessel had just passed Cape Londonderry, and her head was at once turned in tho dircotion of Cambridge Gulf, that fiuo harbor on tho west coast of Australia. Preston and his mate had for several years "been engaged in tho somewhat dangerous pursuit of pearl-fishing and they well know tho oniuous meaning of tho rapidly rolling ' banks of black clouds flecked in patches with rifts and ribbons of dead white. More than onco tliey had battled successfully with the fury of these tropical storms, but it was only when thoy wcro unable to run into Bholtcr that thay faced them. As thu Lucinda swept onward in a due east couvbo, tiio advancod guard of tho rerial force in their impetuous huste rushed upun tho frail oraft and sent it speeding through tho churn ing sea. As if in anger at the onslaught, the ocean began to swell in wrath, and swiftly tho waves rose and raced after tho vessel. . It was aboutnoononthe 31st of Navombor, 1805, and though tho sun was almost vertical tho awful pall of clouds which now rolled overhead throw a ghastly and - un natural twilight arcuud. The Malay crew moved about like shadows, whilst now and again the voicos of the cap tain or tho muto could be hoard giving orders. Tho rolling clouds were charged with olootriolty, and in places they fre quently glowed for a few moments like gigantic fire-balls. Tho Lucinda was partly under the ehclterfof tho headland, when the gravo-liko stilluess was suddenly broken by tho onsot of tho terrific storm. ' The wind came rushing on faster than an express train, carrying tho raging, waters with it, and lifting the surfaca of the ocean ' into 'enormouB serried ridges of seething water. Thu deep green of the billows was interspersed with foathor fringes of purest white, as occasional spots wore lashed into foam, Tho little pearl vcsboI, as if instinot with life and tho dosire to preserve it, raced ahead fugitive-like, and each moment 'brought the oraft within a safer circle. TI)o high promontories of Capes Bougainville and Londonderry warded off the worst part of the storm, and consequently it was only a portion of the right wing of tho circular storm whioli struck tho Luoinda. . It was well for those on board that it was so.. As. Captain Proston saw tho foam-lashed waves coming on and listened to the shrieking wind he. felt thrilled with anxiety as to the rostdt. In a fow moments the storm was upon thorn. Every man throw himself flat on deok and clung.; to w)mtover;he could;-,.. In a second the boat bosled and l'rcston made sure she w as about' to capsize. Like a cork, however, the craft righted, and with a velocity and tumbling which almoBt took away the breath of thoso on board rusliod ahead as if eager to keep up with tho fore front of the wind, 'i'hero was hot nn inch of canvas spread, but the fury of the storm mado up for this laak.. During tho interval betweon Preston and Barrows' oonvorsa- tion tho movables on deok had been socurod, yet in some oases the ropes snapped and thoy wore blown away. " Wo would have bad little chance out there,", tho rnato remarked to Proston, pointing as he spoko towards 'a spot about two miles to the north-we3t. "If wo had delayed one mlnuto in run ning in hero nothing could have saved us,", tho captain answered. . This conversation was maintained at the top of their voices, for tho uoisa mado by tho conflicting wind and water was , tre mendous. Itwassoon apparenttothotwomen that the worst danger was ovor. Tho Luoinda was rapidly making for tho comparatively calm water of Cambridge Gulf, and in half an hour that haven was roaohed. One. of tho Malays had been washed or thrown overboard wlion tho full foroa of tho hurri cane straok the vessel, and this was the only loss or injury to life. A fow movables of littlo valup had also gono, but, on tho whole, Captain Preston had - reason to con gratulate himself on tho result. Anchor was cast near the mouth of the .'Victoria' River, and it was decidad to remain in tho barbor for a few days. , V At that time the locality was absolutely uninhabited by white moil. ' Tribes of fierco . and' dangerous aboriginals wore, known to livp along the uppor reaches of tho Victoria and. they occasionally iniule excursions to the coast. Preston and Barrows had visited the harbor several times, bitt had not gone inland.' On this' occasion it was fated that they should make a departure from that' ' course'. As they sat during the ovoning In tho cabin, the conversation led to a topic that was then boing voiced throughout Abstralaaia. Tho probability of thero being auriferous deposits in tho locality had been \- mooted in some mysterious way. Two hundred yours before gold was said . to jqivo been discovered by ilia buccaneer Dampier on the north west ooast, and ip some of the old Dutoh charts this part is iparked Prouincia'Auri/era. Ia all times gold has had a potent in- fluopqfi on the fortunes of individuals and nations alike. Though we oail this tho Ago of Iron it is essentially the Ago of Gold— if pot tho " Golden Age." Gold is tho great modern magloian, more poworfnl and ubiquitous than the gonii of plfl. It can attract men and women from the uttermost ends of the eartii and causo the wilderness to blossom liko tho rase. It 'rears, Aladdin-like, palaces and temples from tho barren curth, and alevatcs or degrades humanity at will. . It was littlo wondor tlion, as Proston and Barrows sat in the cabin an that 21st November, 18(15, that tlioir thoughts should revert to such an all-ubsorhlng subject. Tliey wore on tho vorgo of a practically unknown land, yot of winch strange tidings had hnqn whispered. F'rom t|ioao slmnboi-- Ing solitudes a vocal breath had licon carried info regions whero the uevcr-ccasing energy and enterprise of man prevailed. More than i , aoo'njvq wimps ' " ' nan ; b'eeij :. miao'to pierce tho gloom which enshrouded, 'that mysterious land. The golden apples'! the gardens of tho Hespcridos,it is fabled, ..were guarded by sleopless dragons which breathed . fire, but.thcao moqstors were as nothing to the barriors whioli kept ward over tho mineral treasures of North-West Australia. Vast stretches of sandy desert upon whioli tho tropical sun beat down with torrid fury extended their waterless wastes far along. In places, that most , ter rible produotion of tho Australian in terior, tho Spinifcx or porcupine gross cropped out of the parched plains, and pre sented a rampartof forbiddinganddaogorous vegetation, whioli was the dread of tho ex plorer. The M ulga scrub, a kind of acaoia bush, armed with strong and sharp spines and generally matted together with other scrubs, and frequently quite im penetrable, presented a formidable obstacle to tho prying curiosity of man. The rivers were mostjy huge flood channels, and woe to the luckless explorer who trusted to them for his water supply, In wintor vast lakes wore to be seen, ' but thoy were as salt as the Dead Sea, and in summer merely beds of half-dried mud. From out the leycl plains precipitous lsl|la rose '' abruptly, but .they were as -barren' anil uhlirteresting as the surrounding ,;o'ouiitry. ' Nature seemed blastoff so far as ; vegetable' life was eon, corned, except along ii niere fringe of the const where fine forests existed. . Jn conformity, '.with 'that eternal, law of compensation tlie comparative absence of animal and vegetable; life of a useful.kiqd was, '.without doubt, .balanced by' mineral .wealth. At least, that was the viow which Proston and his, .-companion: took 'of . the mutter.' ' " ; -.."V . :.v'; '. "Now that wo'are in this ont-of-tlio way place; Barrows,' \vo might spend W few; days prospecting around,'!- lie said. .-/A' " Yes, pur time is our own, and. wo call1. not do niiieh .pbarlidg'for; the next weoki',' came tho answer. : ;> . ' . '.. It might'.' here;- be mentioned' that tho Luoinda was jointly owned . by; its. captain and niate,' so' tllat tliey could do tis thoy pleased in the mutter of going or remain ing. ! / : v;;i " There must surely be some fqmidatinii for the rumors that nrq floating about. You rcniembor what thaV' old hand 'tolil us at Shark Bay. Re was prolty plain about gold being in this locality.' I wisli we had hronglit him along," Preston said. " Well, we didn't expect to coinc sp fat- north this time," answered Barrows. - "He said there was gold to bo found right from Roebuck Buy to the northern coast," doggedly persisted tho captain. ' " \Vc can lose nothing by having a hunt romid this place, at any rate. In fact, we might sail a fow miles up the riyeV. There is plenty of .water just no w," replied the mute. " Yes, that is a good idea, and a safo one. It is cacler and safer to go through ' the water than over tho land in this region," the captain returned. ,'MVe will make a start at daybreak,'.' he added.' ' : This decision having boon arrived at, the two mon retired, but were out of their bunks again before daylight, and inditing preparations for a start. The Victoria ie ono of the largest rivers on the north-west coast of tho continent, and takes its rise in a bolt of hills running oast and west, called the Dividing Rango. It is about 150 miles in length, and navigable for small vessels during a portion of the year for a considerable distance uboro .its .estuary. The Lucinda had littlo difficulty in ascending about soven miles. ' Xlio cur rent was sluggish, and tho wind , favorable. -.Ou tlie\irnuMy bank?,", hashing l ill the sun, humbers' of alligators; both large and small could flo scon, whilst others again floated on the water, their backs level with it like dark logs, - At a sheltered bsnd where a small orcek ran into tlie. 'river. Preatou anchored t|io Lucinda. He \yaqted,. amongst other tilings,' a Btipply of frosh water, and iio would bo able to obtain it at the pluco. A littlo more to tiio oast a hill rose abruptly out of tho level plain to a height of four or five hundred. feet, and tho enptuin decided to at onco climb tills . oiiiinbnco aud tnka a survey of the locality. As blacks might he met with, himself, . Barrows, end ' tho two Malays they took with ' thorn were woll .armed, and felt quite ablo to 'repel any ordinary uttauk from the abcriginats. The intervening country was not hard to travel over. The region of Mulga- and Spinifcx wus far Inland, and tho ooeun moisture had aosisted.xto promoto a tropical vegetation. Along thebanksof tho riybr grew aeaeius, palms, small bamboos, 'cabbage trees' and aimilur vegetation, but they did not oxtoiid far baok. The distanco to the hill wns soon covered, and the ascent commenced. This was not so ensyu job. Tho sides roso eiugularly steop and almost devoid of vogc- tation, save . a ooarso, tiifty grass: whioli clothed thorn in places with a brown garb. Amongst these wild flowers of different hues sprang, out, and thoy relieved the mono- tonons appoaraneo. On : tho summit being rcnohod a fine ' view ' was ohtainubioi In various direotions ranges and isolated peaks could bo. seen witli intervening plains, some of whioli wore wooded. . . : ' : . ' .Preston vyns spaiiuing the snrrotmdlllg district with lib telesqope. whon tho mate tpnohed him on thp arm, , ' " Look !» , ho .; exclaimod, '' What , : is that?" .'. . _ ? Array down jivtlie vailoy beiow, a: small objeot inovod, Tho captain's tnbsoope was iinmediately turned oq the object. - 'A Ohj it is a darkio," Proston safd ftfter ft lew.inoinents survey, f Iio wiitohed the slow, moving figure for ft cpuplo of minute, nnd then exalHimcd— 1,."il'h(,1'0„io ft Urge eanip down there, 1 think, We might tftko n ' lunar1. " The i ''lnftar'1 meant apparently that tho party ehould reoannoltre tlniahorgiiinl oamp, br, headed by tho oaptuiu, t-lipY moved away down tho side of tho hill wli'ioh led to it. A low scrub afforded indifferent cover for a portion of tho distauco, and then a belt of forest ran into tho valley. Without diffi culty Preston nnd his companions managed to got within a quarter of a mile of tho oamp, and obtain u full view of it, There wore upwards of thirty aboriginals to bo seen, of whom moro than half were gins and picaiiinnics, Most of thorn wore reclining or sitting against tho rough sun shades whioli had been oroctcd. Have a look nt that fuiiow standing near the palm on tho right," Preston said to narrows, handiiig him at the sumo time the tOlCBCQpC, I he mate of the Luoinda took a long view at the person indicated, and then, turning to the captain, oxolaimod in a deon ITU ?nii with „Vtra"8 pallor on Ids hronzod face: By Hea-uns, Preston, tlmt a a whito man !" f,ii,lo?-ly Pl'cst0,5 t00,: tl,e tobsoopo again fiom his companion, mid looked earnestly at tho iiiicnnsoious object whloh hail men! ubacn,|Kld attention of tho two Ho was standing motionless noar a huge kiungu, or " hbohhoy," a inaguiflont and malitv"1"" IH.' Pa,m Wl,i0!, in tllu I'ife fo.' ' wmon . were 1 ..urounai v no ; wti " ola" In a rough garment of anarpo iikm, whilst all tho others were quite nude, and lib .beard , was at least a foot long. His face too, though bronzed and' weather-beaten! Was many shades lighter than thoso of Ms companions. As the telescope brought him withiu a few feet of the observers then waft no mistaking tlie fact that he was a white man, and as Preston lowered tlie glass he said with something of awo in his man iier : — "Do you think, Barrows, it onu be Leichhardt ?" Tho mate looked puzzled for a fow moiuonts, and then answered " Woll, it might ho, yet I scarcely dare, think bo. It U seventeen years sinco tidings wcro heard of Leichhardt or his party, but if it ia not tho leader of tlmt iil-fatod o.podir tlon, it must iurcly be ono of tho followers. No other white mau could be jn such a posi tion." "Tlmt js why I am certain it is oither Loiohlmrdt or one of his men: They havo been traced as far as the . Stur't Range, and it would hot be vary diflicult to get tTiis fiir, Onco hero, the only thing to iio would bo to iratarnlso .with tho blacks and Hyo . with' .thcni. IV'o'inust find out the. mystery some how,'.! Preston replied..'" -v " Thet may not lis an easy iimtter. ' . Do. you hot sco tiio tribo is on ii fighting ex-! podition. 'They nro painted \vitli "wliito clay, aifd, ii'iu'st holoiig to thoNgnria tribe: wliibh is one of the worst in ' tlio (iistriot. I feiir thoy would sliow strbiig figlit agiiiist so small iy party," the matc saidi ; '' ; ; ' !«';hi''.'.l»qk'.'td,/tho,'!-|ioa'i aiid got moro men. A night attack will pro- lialily. avoid blbodslied," ' Captain 1'restoii: answered. ' ' ' fke aborginala all -over the continent havo' a horror of 'n : night: httiuikj especially if ; it is uurriod; . op t iii a ; ciertain manner. ' Tliey:' ; iirinly > believe that flbihfiiis , ; oil. oyll;- v bpi ri ts : ; liatih t ' thc .camps, under ; tho . cloak :v unci shelter ! of- darkuoss. Tlieiie . malign spirits slay! men aiifl wotjien Jin the most atrocious .inahhse. possible,' und us a ' rule iii .tribal wars one hoBtjld body will nnt uttack tho other clnrlhg the middle , of thu night. Even ivhen t'.vi) hqstHu oainpn , iu'o ; pitched half a mi jn from ettuh iithur ' no ..sentries are placed. 'J lie whole body - will squat' rbuiid- tho fires/ until lO or 11 o'elouk, uuil then go to sleep until within an liollr of/day : lil'eak, when the attiiek is .u.nially made, Thia .drcad of ghosts is so great/ timt ovon in tho huriiil customs of the aboriginals It. is recognised. Before being placed . iu tlie grave, smoke dried, or put ou tho ' stages, according to the different oustoins of various tribes, tlioiu-ius aiid legs of the ooi-pse are securely tied wlth.ruslies nr. strings mado from sinews nf.wihl unimuls, Tho linger uails'uru frequently torn off, and tho liuir singod, 'ICvou, after all tlicsb pro- oautibiu to provout tho spirit of tho deceased rising, tl iu trihodqes not feul seoitre. Various incantations are' practised and small sticks piacod upright iii tlie ground around tiio camp tiro to keep the ghostly visitants' at a respectful distance, Preston aiid his mate know something . of thoso superstitious notions, and resolved to take advantage of thorn. Before ; going thoy scanned the oamp.- ' .'. ' The strange white man was ' still motion- . loss hesido the' kiauga, whilst most . 'of his sable companions were asleep outside the'ir gunyahs. ' Though liaked, even the mon wore ornainehted.- ' Somo ;of tliem wore feather pinnies on thqir . heads, with" pearl shells depending from ii girdle round tlicir waists; Tlie; females .were-' adorned . with sniall pcllcts of .transparent gum suspended / from lq'eUs' ' of' tlieu' Vnugh woolly hair. Hanging, on sonio of .,tlio:-adjaceiit trees' were scyeral nots inudo from spinifcx fibre, whilst urouml the smouldering fire lay come wooden scoops niul oonoli shells. It was now' 4 o'clock - iii'tho.aftbrnoon,' and after a keen glance lit the camp snr- rouudings Prestqii gave the order to return. With 'littlo diiiiunlty this wns done, and at 0 tho. party were once more on ttieLuciuda. Lit tie tune was spoilt there, as it was iioous- : «iry t« gqt back to the hill befoio night foil. Six moro niou were 'seleoted, and witii the nninber augmented to ten botli the. captain and the mate considered the forpo amply suifioiont fqr. the,pnrpo3e intended. , It was suven o'eluok when tliey set out again for tho poak, and when; darkness enshrouded' tho locality fhe pavty liad gaiiied iu summit. Boiow, in the valley, a largo (ire gleamed' brightly," for 'tho aboriginals' liuil no suspicion that, tin enemy was near. 'As the gloqm deepened the fire lihzed up, and the watchers outlio summit of tl|i hill could clearly seo tiio shadowy outlines of tie aboriginals grouped, around, it, Qn nmr . than ono ooensiph tlie form of tho ryhitq maj,'. : easily distinguishable by the rug liu.woir, was observed. Shortly ftiftor 10 o'clock, after a shqrt coil' saltation with Barrmve, the captain gavi . tho . signal : '. to, inovo .cautiously -dowi. on tho uiisuspectiiig aboriginals. Tli-. Malays, wlio ayo liaturftlly lilpod-thiraty. wcro ptriotly enjoinq'd not to slioot or offi- violence unless iu self defeime, ' . Tiio qui'., desire of Proston w«s to, if pusslh'u, e\\\f tnio tho strange '\yl|ifo dmpi/pr: lie/fw|i: assured a mystery hinig iiyer him, anil tlnn lie >yas being kept by the blacks agalnqt ljir will. It was arranged that Barqwo, wjtl! ' , half tho Muloys, should skirt vpiiud to tl|V oppqsito sido.'qf thp oainp, aqd at a givci signal both parties .'should rnohinand sc! euro' thu prisoner/ If I'osjstuuco'waa offciei ' |t might iip necessary to'uae force,/ but tliH'.: would ho a last resort, . It must' ho' confessed ' that the -j real object of Preatftii '. und Barrows i in tlieji attomptcd - rcsupq pf tho' supposed prispjiu, was not ' altogether n'n liiisollish upe, Whilst dcsiroiis of assisting qqo wlimn tliiij considered of their race from boiillugq. ji; occurred to lioth that a white man who ap patently had spout piany, years |i> the |ooa lltyi must bo pussessed pf some valuaiile hu formation regarding Its resources.' ' Jd: would probably bo able to verify tlie, fpiry tales of wealth, or say that' they were more phantoms of imagination boyn'of the upor-: stitioiis Unknown,. No whito man had ever trod that regloi lying to tho heck of the Victoria river, except, indeed, Lelohhnrdt or some of Ills party still survived. Strange legends had reached thp ears of Preston und his mate, and alsoman of tho seamen who oruisod round the north- Vest ooast of tho continent. It wae j|,lil that natives had been soeu at different times in the Kimborley district possessed not only of gold, but also arrayed with orna mcnts formed of mugnifioont rubios and other precious stones. Imagination conjured ,up-Golcondas and El Dorados us existent within that vast hidden territory, and many ft day-dream had boon dreamt by tho liardy mon who wore gradually oreoplng round tin- treacherous coast, founding tho nuoloi of settlements, that wealth immeasurable lay withiu it. This viow was shared to, tin utmost by tho master and mate of th 