TALES & KFTeHES Ui1LE T"RLK. (BY ADELINE J. WHITFELD.) (Author of "Madge," "My Lady," "Far mer Mack," "Rex," "In Tasmania Long Ago," and other short stories.) CHAPTER VIII. "My dear boy," said the old man, "I despise nothing but sin, and I do not think you have done aught to deserve my scorn." Geoffrey rose and made Uncle Turk take his chair, bringing a little camp stool from a' corner of the room for him self. "Come nearer, Geof.," said Uncle Turk; "I begin to feel that I am losing you, when you will not tell me your trouble." "It is not that I won't," said Geof. "but that I cannot. I wantito badly enough." ' m"'. Uncle Turk took the boy's hand in his. "Try to tell me, lad," he said; "it wrings my heart to think of our losing you. I have grown to love you almost as my own son, and yet- and yet you will not trust me." "You will nlot utterly despise me, Uncle Turk. Promise me that." "I promise you, my lad," responded Uncle Turk. Geoffrey dropped his eyes. "I would sooner tell you than any one," he said in a low voice, "but, oh, I don't know how to.I-T came away be cause I couldn't help loving Lin, and I didn't want her to know." HHo covered his face with his hands, and did not look at Uncle Turk. He loved Lin da. Uncle Turk felt inclined to clasp his head, and appeal to someone to know if he were going mad. Such a thought had never occurred to him. He had regarded Geoffrey as a mere boy, and both Linda and Doris were years and years older than he, and yet he had fallen in love with Lin.-Lin., whose heart was in her lover's grave. Geof. must be told about Rex, but very gently told, very gently. "Love," said Uncle Turk at last, "pure, good, unselfish love, is a very beautiful thing, my lad. Still, those who can give such a love as I was set ting forth are blessed, even though it is not returned. But Geof., have you never heard of Rex?" "What do you mean?" asked Geof. Then Uncle Turk, with the gentle ness of a tactful woman, told Geof. the sad storyof Rex.Afterthatthey satsilent for a while. Presently Uncle Turk said "You will come and see me some times, lad?" "If you will promise not to let her know why I have come away," said Geof. "What shall I say?" asked Uncle Turk. "Say?-Say anything," said Geoffrey. Say I want a change-say I was rest less." But, though Uncle Turk gave the girls no inkling of the truth, he did not say any of these things. CHAPTER IX. UNCLE TURK COMES TO THE RESCUE. Two days after Maynie's death the girls took flowers down to place on her coffin. When they entered the room they found Bet Brown and Frowslewig already there. The white sheet which covered the little shrunken form was literally strewn with flowers. Bet Brown held a.bunch of pansies In her hand looking loth to put them down. "Them wur the only ones I could get C ioncst for her," she said shamefacedly, 'an' 1 wouldn't have no others." "Who brought these?" asked Doris in the low tone most people instinc Lively adopt in the presence of the lead. "Frowslewig." Doris looked at Frowslewig, but she iid not question her. Catching her eye, I'rowslewig shrugged her shoulders, and: went out. If Maynie knew, would 'he be hurt? Doris felt convinced Ilht F'rowslewig had taken them from a Icwly-inadc grave, or gathered them ; , they grew above someone's last rest iig place, but 11he said nothing. Miss imilih was there moving ablout, seem inyly putting things to rights; she was il\iays moving ul.n:i l utting things to rightls niow. but she did no: lnoe at them or stleak till they 'ere leaving: then she said shortly "Will h re hre ito the-will he fol i-r her to the grave?" "Yes;'" and thlin they went away. Coming home from the funeral Uncle Turki called to see a young gentle wc,nan in, somewhatn needy circumstan ces. who had lately, from motives of economy, tiken a cottage in the sub urb of Newtown. lie found her with 0 woo-bc'gone countcenance, a baby in icir arms, and a lit le child of .two or three years clinging to her skirts. She adil been a bright enough creature pre vious to her marriagen, and UTncle Turk's kind heart felt a sudden chill as he sat ilaonv. 0!l took t]hr al by in his nrms. "rWell, Orneie." ho said cheerfully. "how goes it?" TTe echue!kd the hbly iunder the chin. cnld snid. "Kit'' Witse''." or some such honly talk. and the child Inugheid. but lhni miotlier sat down and cried. Uncle 'T'rk wn s dis tressed. "Why. .Janet," he snid bewilderedly. "n01, Uncle Turk. said the poor girl, elwho looked little more than a child, "I'' tir-d out." "Pooe l:mb." said lTncle T'urk, "that's ijust it." H1Ic rose and put !he crowing baby on n rug on the floo'r. "You stna there, my pretty." he said. while I mnke1 mn a cup of tea." The novelty of a cup of tea made by UT'nlr Turk 1 eomed to si0othe the weep inl 'n.Oman! at once. She wipedl away her tears. and, lifting the little one v,:hieh still l ragged at her skirts on to her knee. hid her face in the boy's sinity cd ls. "Now." said Uncle Turk with a ridicu ll?aly imn)ortant air, "now for the tea pot. My fire is burning beautifully, end the water will be on the boil in a trice." "'God bless my soul," 'ie exclaimed, "you don't get me setting your tean every afternoon." I-e rinsed and warmed the not, but as the water did not boil, set it down on the table while he cut some b1read and butter; then he nut the tea into the cold teapot and filled it to the brim. Then recollecting that only two cups were required and the pot held enough for four, he promptly poured off a cup or so into the wash basin. Uncle Turk then proceeded to en liven the proceedings by narrating ao many humorous anecdotes,and describ ing such funny scenes that he had wit nessed, that before the simple repast was ended Janet was smiling and dimpling as she had been wont to smile and dimple before the exigencies of domestic and maternal responsi bilities put care in her heart and lines in her brow. After it was over and Uncle Turk had iinsisted upon washing the cups and putting them in the wrong place, with the confident air that most people evince under like circumstances, he sat down. again, and proposed a ride a-cock-horse for the boy. Presently lie asked-"And when do you expect the old boy home, Janet?" Janet's face, which had brightened wonderfully under the ministrations of Uncle Turk, clouded again, and she answered shortly that she did not know and she did not much care. Uncle Turk looked grave. "I don't like to hear you say so, my dear," he said. "I daresay not," saidTanet, trying to hide the fact that her eyes were filled with tears. "Poor child, you are sick at heart," said Uncle Turk, "and when people get like that they take a great deal too much notice of trifles. I expect you've fallen out over some little thing, which, if looked into, would melt into thin air. Isn't that it?" "I wonder how you would feel, Uncle Turk, if you were slaving all day," said Janet, too full of her own troubles to be polite, "and had two little children dragging you to the earth. I'm never done, and then when Ned comes home he can't understand why I haven't seen the paper, and what I find to do to keep me employed all day he can't imagine; and then he gets annoyed because I sit up late reading sometimes. Trifling with my health he calls it. All this work and worry undermines my health. I'll be an old woman almost before I'm a. young one. I often think," added Janet bitterly, "that if girls only knew some of the trials of married life they wouldn't be in such a hurry to run their poor necks into the noose." Uncle Turk danced the boy on his knee for a few moments before reply ing. Then he said, "But you are very fond of your husband, Nettle. If he were ill now, you would be fretting your little heart out." A simple speech, but one that touched a tender chord in Janet's heart. She bit her lip to still its trembling be fore she replied, "That was all very well, but it didn't make things any easier to bear now." "Oh, yes it does," said Uncle Turk, earnestly; "when one we love is really ill it seems to our chastened vision that if only he were well again, all things would be made easy. What is hard work? we ask ourselves-once rid of this terrible, this wearing anxiety, we would care for nothing. We are very human creatures, Nettie, very human. Even when we are angry, if we see the transgressor is penitent we forgive him at once, which is just like our soft hearts, dear, isn't it? Now you have a good lad for a husband, even though he is a bit obtuse at times, and you have two sweet little children-aint you, my pretties? So you see we must,make the, best of things, dear, and, as I.must -be ff now, I'll say good-by. Oh, and NTettie, get a smile dished up for Ned when he comes home. He and I are ;oing to have a little talk over ways and means," added the old man with a con idential smile of his own, as he turned to go. The little talk resulted in a neat maid being found for Janet, but this instance wvas only one of many in which Uncle 'furk's kind heart, and common sense left lasting traces. It was some little time, a week or mote after this, that someone came to aiss Uncle 'lurk to visit a dying girl. "hl's a girl as nint a good girl either," .witd the woman who e o cant to make the request. This woman was one of those pour cretulIres who, nil unknown to herself, was anllicted with what may be explained as a tearfull voice, but she was a good creature at heart all the m:itie. w,. was a cold, windy night, and Uncle 'Turk shivered rather as Ihe came down st a irs. "'Where does the poor gir live?'" "Away down in lower William-street; in fact, it's my own place," she said mniserably. "They turned her out o' the other place, they did. She might ha' died in the street for all they cared." "Why did they turn her out?" The woman snuflled. "She's dyin' o' 'sumnption, and wasn't any use to them, :so the story goes. She wont never say nothin', but L cum across her one even ii' an' I sez, 'Ullo! I sea, where be gmin'??'aln' she sez, 'To the devil,' quite reckless like. 'to the devil,' she sea, an' I sez, 'Cumn with me, my place aint of much count, but it's better than the dlc vil,' and so she couo. But that's two weeks gone, an' now she's dyin' fast." "You say she asked to see me?" en quired Uncle Tu'rk. "That she has aniany times, she has. 'Go and fetch Uncle Turk,' she sea. 'If anyone can help a poor lost soul over the river, he canl,' she sez." Uncle 'lurk's face looked quite grim, as lie said, "And she a girl, not out of h)r teens. Why does it seem so hsard for some to keep straight?" CI-HAPTER X. THE WAGES OF SIN. \Vhen tliey came to a narrow looking two- Aioreycd terrace before which the woman stopped, Uncle Turk said "Tell her that I have come, lest the sight of me is too big a surprise." A few moments passed while he waited in a narrow, dark, musty smell ing passage, and then the sad-voiced woman appearcd with a candle and bade him come. The room looked poverty stricken, with its carpetless floor and bare walls. The air was chilly and patches of mil dew showed where a portion of the wall paper still remained. In the corner be hind the door was the bed, and near that a chair without a back, and a little four legged table. Uncle Turk advanced towards the bed. A white face, with sunken dark eyes, lay on the pillow. The woman put the candle on the table, where its rays shone directly on the white face. Instinctively Uncle Turk put out his hand to shield it, and then the girl spoke. She could scarcely raise her voice above a whisper, but a glad look crept into the eyes as they lighted oi Uncle Turk's face. "I knew you would come," she said, "i was sure of it. Tell me," she said hoarsely, "if there is any hope for such as me. Oh ! I am parched with thirst. Why do they neglect me so?" They gave her milk and water, and she revived slightly. Then she said again, "Is there-is there any hope?" "Yes, there is," said Uncle Turk firmly; "there is a chance for every one." "Wont I go to hell?" "If you mean by hell, a place where fire and brimstone are always burning, no," said Uncle Turk. The ghost of a smile flickered round the dry, stained-looking lips, and for a few moments she did not speak. But presently she said, "They turned me in to the street." "I know," said Uncle Turk. "I wish, before I die, I could warn everyone," she said, her voice growing stronger. "I could tell them that the wages of sin are misery, want, and woe. If they could see me they would know. You tell them; you warn them; make them be good." "I will tell them," said Uncle Turk. "Your hand," said the dying girl. He gave her his hand, and she put it to her lips. A few moments went by in silence, and the old man's hand still lay there. Then he leaned forward and scanned her face, and listened for the breath to come between the parted lips. It did not come. He sighed a long, weary sigh, and drew his hand gently away. And this was the end, and she had died nameless and un known. Probably there was much more she had wished to say, but she had waited too long, and now-"God, help her!"--Uncle Turk turned away. She had been a beauty, he was sure of that -what a wreck was left. "How is she, sir?" asked the tearful voice of the woman of the house. Uncle Turk raised his hand. The woman was awestruck. She crept fearfully towards the bed. "How sudden," she said, "how fear fil sudden. Didn't she leave no mes sage?" "Yes," said Uncle Turk, with a sud den energy. "She said the wages of sin are misery, want, and woe." "Was that all?" asked she of the tear ful voice sadly. "No thanks, nor nothin'?" "No," said Uncle Turk, not without some slight feeling of aversion to the woman who looked for the thanks of one dying, "No, tha.t was all." "She might ha' thanked me," said tie woman, "I've bin good to her." Uncle Turk put some money into her hands. "Take this instead," he said. She took it, and began to thank him, but he lifted his hands again and went out. (To be Continued.) What For.-"What are you looking for? We-ve got everything worth tak ing." "I am looking--" The other burglar continued his search. "-- for the much larger booty, which the news paper- to-morrow -will - -say was over looked." 