CLEVER BURGLARS AT WORK. IMW A Ell! V.liHT .liiti WAS HOSE. IV.son's, in Boud-islroet, London, do a high I class Hade in genia, gold, and silver. .Seen ! from without, thc establishment lias that j unassuming air which is generally indicative of a high-class trade in a West End shop, 1 where things are what they seem, and the | I show in the window is more or less a matter nf indifférence-such u. front, iudeed, as is likely to inspire the cautious buyer with faith, I and does not frighten him uway with excès ; sive brilliance. Knell, at least, writes a Daily ; "V. .r,. . in respondent, v. ÜB thc opinio:) I farmed. . i Ami (lu; ciiterpritt.-ig (nii'glarft wtio bpent some ¡ j ugn*e.iMe hours on t lie premises the other night i evidently took that vic iv. too. Now, lîtmd-! ¡ street contains, KB most uf us know, many very j uiH^iiitieeni tfhupa in thc gem aud gold way ; j hut not one of them-bo far us 1 could see J thoroughfare-- presented euch facilities far j j the knowing burglar «is Pi l ft o ns. Pi t eon's i I only covers the ground floor; above, thu i ripi.'io.i* premises ure empty and to let, and ' I/we approached by ti flout door of their own ion tlie right und abut tine; ou I'itsou's shop ¡ front. By this very ordinary method of entering a house dbl tho ec audacious robbers begin their attack cm Piteous, At seven o'clock io-thc evening the last of the assis- tants mude ult right within, locked the door, uud went his way. At S'SQ a.m. the next morning lie came, he saw, o nd was aghast. The window-was dismantled, doors1 were op«,, nud all waa wrong. It was he who, by the j permission of tho owners, kindly showed me ! tlic vurious stages by which tuc rubbers had done their work. Ves-workistheword; hard, holiest, toil-rather well paid to be sure. Their muscles must have ached before they penetrated from the back premises to thc iront shop. Having, by means of a skeleton key (we nmy suppose), coolly opened the front door of j which 1 have spoken, thc tuen crept upstairs, : passed through various empty rooms, uud descended by a narrow winding et airease, at the bottom "of which is a door leading into Pitson's backmost room. This door is con- structed of solid waluut two inches thick, so out caine the drills aud to work went the burglars. Considering thc thickness and the hatduessof the material (and the necessity for silence) this job must have occupied same time, und have required no little skill sud patience. I judge by thc many separate holes which had to be made before they were able to remove thc glass panels, and thus approach the two locks and the iron grill- work which stood guard over Pit ton's treasures. Expert opinion, having looked at the job, declares that the job was the handi- work of high- class men in thc business. Well, thc drill having done its work, the jemmies did the rest-you can see sigu6 of many a vicious wrench-and the two locks were overcome. The men now found them- selves in a small but lofty chamber, aud at once proceeded to open one of the several white wood boxes, which seemed to promise well. Alas ! they contained but books end papers ; so, with a deep curse or two, no doubt, they then inspected a tall door which kept them from further discoveries. This soou fell before them, and they found themselves in a short passage, at the end of which rose-an iron revolving shutter. But they levered it up a foot or two (skilful fellows), fell down and went to work again with the drill on the'lower panels nf another door. Doubtless hope soon came to inspire them, for a faint glimmer of light would now greet their straining eyes. Yes, through the aperture they crawled-into the shop at last. The burglar who rises to thc top of his pro- fession must certainly be a man ot iron nerve. Just let me picture the shop for you as it appeared to these predatory knaves about two or three a.m. that morning. It would have a ghost like appearance, for all the cas.e were hung with white Ehcets; the counter, too-al) multiplied again and again by tall mirrors, for a light burns on a pedestal. The iron shutters block the window from the view without, but through thc two peepholes in the iron grill over thc front door the whole interior is disclosed to thc passer-by. The men most have been amazingly clever to avoid detection, for we should fancy that Bond-street-the laud nf chambers-was never deserted, never silent during the night watches. And yet they made their way to the window und stripped it as deliberately as a professional window-dresser might in broad daylight. I don't know how many valuable pins they took off with them-300, 1 be'icvc ; TO gold watch bracelets, 12 gold alberts, 15 gold watches, 20 moonstone and diamond heart shape bracelets, 100 gold brooches, 20 gem spring bungles-with other trifles, perhaps. The cases behind thc white sheets were full of silver, but this they despised, except n few silver cigarette-cases, which, doubtless cuough, they are using at this present moment. Luckily for Pitson's, the real valuubles were locked up in the safe, which was scarcely touched by thc jemmies just » eratched. But how was it done ? Thc policeman ou his best must have peeped through the eyeholes in the iron grill ; a special watchman, too, who is engaged to see to this block. I can only suppose that some cuuning signalmun without was on the watch for the watchmen. The llltii/imjioii Post tells a curious story of a champagne hook, one of those metal beaks ia a pocket knife which are used in breaking the wires which secure the cork in the champagne bottle. The hero of the story ¡B Representative Hull, of Iowa. Mr. Hull and Congressman Clinkering were going to Chicago on a train together some time ago, when Checkering displayed a knife which Hull at once began to udmire extravagantly because it had a hook, which Chickering seriously assured him was designed to remove stones that become fastened in a horse's hoof occasionally on a rocky road. A stone in your horse s hoof is an ugly tliiDg to displace unless you have a hook in your knife ; and Hull knew this. *' Well, governor," said Chickering, with secret malevolence, knowing that Hull represented a Prohibition State, " if you like the knife so well you may have it." "Uh, no," said Hull; "I wouldn't think of accepting it. You might hare use for it some tiine on the road driving. If your horse should ever gather a stone iu his hoof you would greatly miss this hook." "That's all right, governor," said Chickering; "I know where I can pick up another just like it, so you just tuke it, and remember mc." Hall accordingly accepted it, and on rcachiug home, showed il to his wife, to whom he extolled the virlues of knives with a hook attachnient for cleaning horses', hoofs, and rejoiced in his wonderful possession. Mis. Hull looked ut ihe kuifc, aud then at her husband. " Johu," said she, "uuy mau who has served three terms as Secretary of thc State Senate, becu twice Lieutenant Governor, and served two terms in Con- gress, must be u pretty good man if he doesn't know a champagne opener from a hoof cleaner." The story leaked out, and one of the correspondents of an Iowa paper wired it as a choice bit of gossip about State members. It was copied all over the State, and commented on in a variety of ways. About this time the Congressman met thc correspondent, who first published the stoty. He was smiliug all over. " You did me a great service," Hull said, wringing his baud affectionately, "agreat service. All the Prohibitionists are taking mv wife'R view of my ignorance, aud sayiug i must be an un- usually good maa, while all the antis are insisting that I'm a devil of a good fellow for imposing co successfully on my wife, since I must certuinly have known better. It works in behalf of my popularity whether you take one view or the other." 