THE SILVER Kims VEKGEMCE. . COMPLETE IN THREE INSTALMENTS. By SEHR? ; HERMAN,. Author of "Through Golden Fire," "For Old Virginiti," "Sword of Fate," &o.;, i'o., Sm. All Queensland riohts resented. ' . CHAPTER II: The old man sank down on a ohnir prostrate by tho -fever of liis excitement. Ho sat staring in front of liim as if afraid that somo dreaded apparition would riso from tho earth ut his feet, whilo his long, bony fingers trembled, and his limbs shook as in a palsy. Ruth went to him, and knelt down by his side, und stroked liis tliiu hands, und laid her soft cheek against his. "Tlinr's 110 harm dono, grand-dnd," sho whispered, "Jack will take tho things away, if yew don't wish thom to ho hyitr." Rassctt insisted thut this should bo done, and dono nt once. With haggard face lio demanded that ovory spook of the dreadod orb should bo taken not only out of his house, but fur away, and there filing to tlio winds, bo that the curso which ho proclaimed at tached to it should not fall upon him or his. " Go, an' do as I ask yew," ho said to Jack, and tho young lovor was only too glad to humour the grandfather of her whom he loved. Jaok and Geoffrey rode out into tho starry liiglit, whilst old Russett sut on tho roof of tho building nnd watched them as thoy sped away into tlie haze of the autumn night. " " I'll - toll yow all about it when yew eum baok," he said, " hut tako it awuy. Take it away." About an hour afterwards tho yonng man returned.. ' Ruth 111 the moantiinb" hnd prepared a great jar full of oooling drink, of which Taos whisky was tkoprinoipaUugredi- ent. "Now, lis'on to mo, hoys," said tho old man, when tliey wore all seated round the big table, "nn' I'll tell yew all about tlio Gunohito mine. That mino is oldor'11 1 am, an' oldcr'ii my fatbor or my grun'futhcr might ho if tlioy wos ulivo. Tliar's timbers an'" henms down tliur with names nn' dates out in 'cm with knives, an' some o' tlie dates go a hundred un' fifty year back an' more. The Spaniards worked it when lliey fust eum hynr, nn' tho greasers worked it after 'om, but it alius wos an uncanny mino. It wos rich enough, hut somoliow or othor the greasers wos iifeur'd to work it, nn it wos lyiu' idlo fur years. It's- now twenty odd year sin' I fust come to it. Tiiur wos n lot of us ut Santa Fo, an' wo heciird ubout tlio Cancliito mine; an' an old greaser cnliod 'Larionc owned it an' wanted to soil it, an' nobody would buy it from him fur a red oont, 'anuso they said spirits, an' imps, an' sprites haunted tlio placa. It wos ut tho timo o' the monthly trade, an' that was a orowd of us that didn't kcar a smashed corn sliuuk fur 110 sprites, nn' 110 imps, 1111' 110 Silver Kings, un' 110 nuthin's. An' one day wo got together, nn' wo talked the hizness out, an' wo mado up our mind to go down an' buy it, an' work it. Thar wos t-wonty-six of us, an' wo put our dollars together, an' our hurscs ail' mules together, an' wo started, an' wo cum hyar, nil fouud old Lnriono, an' wo bought it fur n song. An' when wo liacl bought it an' paid him, tho old mnn laughed, an' wished us luck to our bargain. 'I hope that yow'll prosper by it bottor'n I've done,' lie said. 1 1 oum hynr with a wife, nn' thrco pretty boys, an' a hensura gal, un' I'm nlono in tho world now. My wifo's dead, an' my hoy is dead, an' my honsum gal's dead. Tlio Silvor King 0' tlio Canoliito is a nasty one, an' 11 rovengoful one. Yow'vo got to humour him 11s if ho was a woman. It's all iiuukoy, doroy if yow don't sasB him., Silvor's .plentiful if ho takes u likin' to yew, hut God have moroy 911 yow if yow do anythtn' as ho. thinks wrong. Ho'll liavo no qiiurrollin' an' no flglitin', an' no spillin' of blood. Ho's gono heaver on that.' " 'P011 that wo laughed, an' tho old man wont his way, an' wo hoonrd 110 more of him. An' as wo counted tho crowd, tlinr wor jest twenty-six of ns— thirteen Moxieans an' thirteen wot spoke English, yowr Unolo Harry among 'cm. It looked liko unluoky numbers, an' I said to myself, wlion wo dis- kiverod it, ' I hope it won't provo unlucky.' " We went down into tho mine, an' ovory- thin wos in ordor, ropos, un woodwork, an' nil' an' wo found it wos riohor'11 wo ovor thought. Tlinr wos. tons un' tons, on' tons of oro to ho got out by diggin', un' it wos good quality, too, an' we looked round an' found un aid oro mill wot the Spaniards'hud usod, an' wo put it into repair, an' set to work 1111 brought lots 0' silvor to tho Hurfisa without much trouble. An' tho moro wo got, tlio mora I noticed seowliu' looks un' blhok faces among tlio Mexicans; 1111' I said to my piirdners that Hunitlnu' was wrong. A greaser, yow soe, ain't to lio triiHtod heap at any tiino wlutr monoy or . money's wortli is consumed, an' when tluiv wos sicli a let of it, yoiv lmd to kcop yewr oyos skiiinod. Wo watoliod by day an' wutoliod by night. " One evoiiiu' wo went ut it plump eoniro, an' hnd it out with 'om, an' told 'om that tlioy'd hnvo to do ilicir work together, 1111' we'd do our work' togother— that wo'd go down tho mino ono day, 1111' that they'd havo to go down tlio noxt, nn' so 011— un' that wo wouldn't work togotlier no moro. Thoy grumbled 1111' said, 'Yes,' an' wo. worked ns wo said— 0110 (lay tlie Mexicans up uu' wo down. But ovou thut didn't seora to put tlio collur straight, un' wo might all havo boon unirdorod if ono o' tlio greasers, called Red Snuko John, hadn't got.drunk one night an' let tlio. bizness out o tho wallet. Tlioy'd got togethor a lot o' p'isonons caliuno brush, stuff wot whou yow burn it makes a deadly smoke that kilts man un' boast, 1111' stowed it away lioar tlio mouth 0' the mine. 1111' tlioy'd sattlcd it, that the fust niornin' when wo wos down thoy wos to full 011 tho boy on guard un' kill him, an' thou pull up tlio ropos an' hnskots, nn' fire tlio ealunio brush and throw it down nn' p'isoii us all with siuoko, an' they'd, git the miuo to thom solvos alone. Wo put our heads together an' thought it. out, nn' wo daoidad to survo 'om sliok us tlioy'd hilvo sarved us. I remember it to this day. Thoy'd all gono down 'copt Red Snuko John wot wos on guard at tho mouth. John was ulwuys fond o' liquor, nn' wo ontiood him way, an' tow 0'' the boys settled liim. Then wo pullod up all tlio.rapes, an' wo got out tho p'isonons brush wood that tlioy'd stored, nn' we fired it, an' throwed it down, nn' put logs ovor tho inouth o' tho shaft o' tlio mino, an' shovelled tons an' tons of eurth over it; an' we eould hynr 'om yell, un' Bhout, an' soream. An', us we found afterwards, they tried to ollmb up, biit tlioy oouldn't. That lioUisli oulumo brush burns anyhow, an' tlio smolto of It .would p'ison snnkos and olmmoleons. "I'm glad I kin say uforo my God I lindn't a hand in tlio bloody work mysolf. Biit I sobil it done, nn' fur nigh on tliroo days that follovod wo watoliod, an' watched, uu' liooard . 110 sound In' the mino. 'An' thon a groat fright oum over- ns,- why or whnrfur nono of uq knowad, but nono of us durad go noar tho plaoo. At last some of uspluokeilnp flourago, an' we uhovoliod tho oarth away, an'- ovou thon tlio dov'llsh smoko oum out 0' tho mine, an' fur: two days 110 ono oould go down. I tiiod it tlirlco, nn' hud to Igo baok every, time. Tho beams an' heavy woodwork was uninjured. Golamo brush, you see, burns liko diy grass. It's us p'isoiiouH us tlio deadly nightshade, hut it'll barely saoroli a man's hand. "On tho third dny I wont down. Somo o' tlio others wont part o' tho way, hut tlioy didn't dure to fuller. A cold sweat was. stundin' on my forehead, an' whilo I wont 011, I'd a flask o! whisky with ino, an' I drunk to strengthen my nerves. As I went on, I fouud, by tlio light o' my torch, fust one body— witli tlio ghastly glassy oyos sturin' iit mo, an' foam still at tho mouth— thon another with tlio knees drawn up, an' the urmH ugm tho sides, an' the IiihuIb alonclicd, an' his tooth hard set ; and ho looked at mo as if ho wanted to ronroaoh 1110, an' my liairwaa stundin' on ond. Thon I found a third, an' so on, itn' I got fiist hot, tlioii cold, an' I folfc- as if raw, bony.fingcru wos olutohin' my throat, an' sounds liko the muffin' o' waters wos in my ours. I tried to gasp, un' to shout, hut I oouldn't. Au'-tlnm allwoB'rcd-afore my 'eyes, then blaok,' thon red agin, un' .,sumthin'; laid bold 0' my shoulders an' my head, ah' prcssod mo down ; ah' I foil 'on. my kn'oos an' stared, hut couldn't. seo nntlien'. An' thon: tlio ground' seemed to vanish - fur' a -second, an' I thought a thousand littlo font wos rnnuin' over mo, iiu'-jiimpin' 011 me, an' a thousand littlo hands 'was fauchin' mo ; an' when I opened irty. oyes agin I-seed tho long mine lit up ns uyared lire fram tho." infernal : regions. Tho whole o' tho gallery was bright, with silver, and the lode ronohod niiies an' miles away, llio sides 0' the rooks' looked red hot us if the inetnl was molten un' ready to full on me. Alight was burnin' at tlio otlior ond, an' I tried to shut my oyos an' couldn't, an' then I , soo'd what I'd folt hforo — thousands an' thousands of uucanny liftle silver figgers runnin' about tlio placo, jumpin' over mo, orawlin'. lijmr nnd thnr among tho gleamin' sides, all of 'cm yellin', all of 'om jabberin', nil of 'om sayin' sumthin' wot I didn't understand, an' nil of 'om pointin' towards mo, till - 1 thought I should have died with fright. Then sumthin' appeared to ho more fiery than tlio rest — a figgor nn' a face that looked as if it wos east 0' silvor an' yet glowed liko livin' fire, an' a voice e.um to me — a dreadful ohidin' voico. 'Yow was not satisfied,' said tlio voice, ' with tho wealth that yow hnd. Yow hnd to stain my oro with blood. Thirteen yow'vo murdered— 13 shall die.' With that it -flash as. o' tho fiercest lightning that- ever throbbed in tho heavens orossed my eyes, an' all wos black uforo mo ugm, an' I knowad 110 moro. I must liavo laid tliar nigli on four an' twenty, hours, fur tlioy found mo when thoy wont down the noxtday, un' thoy brought, mo out into tlio open air, an'-I'vo bin told sin' tlint tlioy thought I, wos crazy, an' a man might easily have gone oruzy who'd seed wot I'd seed. An' when I told 'em wot I'd seed thoy laughed -at me, -an' they called me a fool, . an' a liar, an' wuss.' But it soon cuin true. Thar wos thirteen of us at that timo, un' uforo two days was ' gone, tliar was only eleven. Twoo' the hoys got to fightin' ovor a ivench that thoy'd seon at Saute Fe, un' who didn't ouro a- mulo's boll for either of 'em. An' tliev fit, an' tlioy killed one unothor, both of 'em, stone dead. f'Wo'd hardly, buried 'cm, when another, Boiling ' Spring . Simeon, as flno n boy us over breathed— lio stood 'six foot in his moccasshis — wos bitten 111 tho ear by a tarantula as ho wos lyin' down, an' his face swelled, an' . his nook swelled, nil' ho died Choked. Then wo got a loto' tho ore togethor — ours nn' tho Mexicans both — an wo puoked it 011 mules un' sent three— tow brothers, Tim O'Leury nn' Pat O'Leury, an' iiKontuekian culled Long Sword Mike— to take it to Chihuahua an' buy ropes, nn' iron pulleys, lin' things wo needed. An- thoy hudn't gono mora'n- three miles when they foil right sliok into tho bauds of a bund o' inurderin' Apuolies. an' wo could seo 'm from tho moun tains boin' killed. After that, we ourselves had to git to the' hills, fur tlinr wos nigh on tow huudcr'd o' tho naked savages out on the warpath, nn' only half 11 dozen of us loft ; an' wo had to lio 111 eaelio fur nigh 011 a fortnight, oxpoctin' to bo mado meat of ovory momont, an' barely darin' to git a drop o' wutor — liurdly darin' to brontho lest we should lose our topknots. An' it wos blazin' hot ull tho wliilo, 1111' wo nearly went crazy with hunger an' thirst. Wlion tlio Appaelies wos gono at lust, ;an' hadn't found us, wo oriiwled out, hut the wrotolics hud taken ull our stores o' meat, uu' all our stores 0' whisky, un' salt, an' powder — everything wo ncodod. An' wo passed tho noxt fow woolts in terror lest tlioy might oum hack an' fall on us iff tho night ; an' wo never laid down without oxpeotiu' to havo our throats cnt durin' onr sleop. '"Wo couldn't stand this kind o' thing long, an' ono of ns, Fuir-iis-a-ihaid Bnrnnhy, a young fellow hnrilly twenty- tow, an' gobu-lookin' us a wcnch— he wont- oruzy, raving orazy, Blioutin' an' soreamin' about tho Silver King tlirautoniii' him, uu' ubout sooin' hloail all around Him ; ' an' lio died afore our oyes, an' we oouldn't help liim. An' thon another ono, Tomahawk Dick, tried to go down in tho mine, tin' slipnod an' foil straight down tho shaft an' broW liis neck an' nevor moved. Thon tliar was only four of us loft out of thirtcon— Littlo Snake Robin son — an old Hoasier thut sarved tho ' North West fur thirty your or more— an' Raw Bono Mike, a big, strong, burly fellow us eould curry a mulo on liis baok ; an' tliar wos yewr unolo, young man, English Harry, an my self—Fire Eyod Georgo tlioy called mo. An' wo used to sit an' try to tlnnk, an' put all sorts o' plans about tlio mino ; an' wo used to say how unluoky tlio wliblo tiling hud bin, nn' how fearfully tho Silvor King's onrso had cum truo. An' then wo made up our minds to risk it onco moro, an' send ltohinson an' Miko to El Paso with a lot o' moro oro. An' tho tow set out, an' they wont away, an' wo hecard no more of 'om fur weeks an' wooks. An' than at last an old Greaser that wos travelliu' to Suuta Fe' an' - hud lost his way, onm to us and told us thut they'd both died of fovor ou the Dead- man's stretoh, an' so tliar wus only tew of us left — yewr unolo ail' mysolf. An' thon wo resolved that wo would havo nuthan' moro to do with tho oarsed mino, un' thut wliilo wo livod tlio plaoo should bo a secret to us only; an' until to-duy I thought tho sdorot lmd bin icopt. Your uncle wont away, an' I hecard no moro of him. An' to-day yow uuin uu' toll 1110 ho's (loud. Tivolvo out o' tlio thirteen lira gono, an' I alonoiim left— I aloiio. Now yow know why tlio Canoliito mino huu bin lyin' idlo. I wouldn't luivo 11 spook o' tho cursed dust in tho hands o' any body I kaourd about. I wouldn't give it an inch a' room in my liouso. Tliar's death on it. Nobody kiu hundlo it un' live." Tho old man did not notico tho oynioal smllo that played ovor Geoffrey Totton's features. . "A now Moxionn fairy talo," Geoffrey oliuolrlcd to liimBolf. " Wlmt fools 111011 are. He'll havo to draw it a littlo stronger boforo lio'll prevent mo from luylng u hand ou all that silver."' CHAPTER III. Autumn gono, and wintor too, and spring oomo— tho otiriy fragrant spring of those favoured southern olimos. Ruth Russett wus sitting on tho siime stone on wliloh sho had somo oiglit months previ ously awaited tlio arrival of licr lovor, and slio again awaited his coining. But Slio wait not alone. Jack hail gone away us tlio early wintor snmv ulud tlio mountain ridges' with its glistening pull, and had told her . that ha was- going to liis homo itr Tennessee to hoII what ho possessed thore — tho littlo '.'farm whioli tlio old folk hnd loft him, anil tlio furniture and ' tho stock — und that 'ho- would oome baok prepared to mnkeuhome for hor whore uho desired to livo near her old grandfather. Tho girl hail criod ovor tlio again onforecd parting, and hud mado hor lovor swoar faith uud truth nnd iiliogianoo, nnd tliey had sippoil tho lionoy of tlio sweot-blttor hour of -parting from ono nnothor's lips, iind hnd read popmsof future iuippinoss in 0110 anotlior's eyos. Jack laid gono to Tennossoo, and had loft his friend, Geoffrey Tottoti, to take euro of Ms lovo, Geoffrey hnd vowed to ho worthy ' of his trust, nnd faithfully to sholtor oiid guard hor. ' "Mind you, I muy bo a long timo, my durliiig," Jaok had sitld. " I may ho longer than I 01111 now think. Obstacles may uriso. But of one thing be sure. I shall coma back, to muko'you my own, my vory oivn, dour wife." ' And alio had kisaeil liim and smiled, " Oh, I know it, . I' know it ; " and lie placed hor hand in Geoffrey Totteii's lmnd as a, snored olmrgo, and had gone uwuy, nnd Bho had sat tlioro looking'af tor him until horse and rider hooaino tinior mid tinior hotwoon th'o mosquit hushes, and hnd finnlly quito illsnp- . nsiirod, leuviug merely a oloud of dust mi the. horizon lino. Jaok had nngrumbllngly uooepted tlio old mnn's fiat thnt tho Ounohito mino should he loft untouched. His love's grandfather wished it, and tliut wus sufficient for him. Not so Geoffrey Totton. Jaok Ormbrldgo had been roared amid tlio homely usages of a TounesBco country homostoad, and lio hud learnt tliero that filial duty and obedionoo whioli tho early settlors of tho west had always doomed ono of tho brightest, oma- monts of thoir family lifo. Ho was simplo in liis mind and habits, and simplo in ills wunts, and a inimly Ufa timid, tho wilda of Now Moxionn mountains suited liim weli. Thus he had inot Ruth llassott through being grievously injured iu hunting tho grizzly to liis mountain fastnesses. Not so Geoffrey Totton. Geoffrey had been brought up 111 a hard school among tho money-grabbing olussos of tlie great cities, 1TI« father lied boon rich, but had died iu' penury. " His unolpj who 'hnd brought up Geoffrey after the older Totton's death; had instilled into him tho maxim that money mndo tho man. Ho had told him— " I've inot boon vory .successful myself, ,hpy.. That was tho fault of liiok,' and not of trying ; hut you havo all tho world boforo you. When you seo 0 ohance oomo don't let it slip ! You may havo but ono all your lifo." When, on his death-bed, lio told liis -;nephew all about the Canchito and its fabu lous wealth, he did not. mention tho terriblo murders, and tho horrible misfortunes 'that folio wed. and which reddonod tlio ore with their stain: - Geoffrey hud gono to Cancliito, and having discovered it, or rediscovered it, lio made up his mind thnt he would not lie baulked by all tho goblins, sprites, or silver kings in the universe. "Stupid, foolish tales to frighten women," he said, "ut which n man might laugh." Tlio only point whioli bothered liim was tho fact thnt, uftor all, tho mino was not .public properly. The lftst of tho thirteen lived, anil lio was tho owner of the mino. Although Geoffrey's unoie might have hud ns clear a title to tho properly as .George Russett, Geoffrey Totton could not produco a scrap which would onable him to mnko a olnim against tho old man's. Tho mino, I10 said to himself, he would have, nnd ho would work it iu spite of a million ghosts nnd demons ; nnd there was only ono way to have the mino, and tliut was, if possiblo, to marry tho granddaughter of tho man who owned it— tho woman who would ono day own it herself. Thorcforo when Jaok Ormbrldge had gono, he began to iuy siogo to tho heart of tho girl whom ho had sworn to guard and keop for liis friond. WI1011 tho russet autumn oumo, and tho evonings lengthened, ho novcr loft the girl except to make excursions to the Canoliito gorge, and tlioro to doseond the shaft and explore ns fur as ho could tho place where lio . hoped to find liis fortune. Wlion winter came, with its long ovonings and nights, nnd tho cold hecamo ns bitter ns it was short-lived in tlieso mountuin latitudes, nnd tlio nights' black and bleak, so tliut indoor life became a necessity, ho was ovor by hor sido, praising Jack with ono gilded phrase and dropping poisonous syllables into . her ear. tho next moment. ..Jack was a .good man — of that he was sure. Ho was sure, also, that he would nevor forget her unless —— "Unless what? " tho girl would ask in timid umnzemont. . " Ah ! " he would ox- olnim. "Yon wouldn't understand. You uro not accustomed to lifo further oast. There are so many temptations." "What temptations?" Ruth would in quire. "Other wiinmen? I'm sura I10 Would novor forgot mo for unothor woman." "Ho would not, I'm sure, unless something extraordinary linppenod," Gooffrey would answer. "But there, you can rely upon liis coming )<ack to you. I know ho's a man of his word, and will keep it unloss somotliiug vory powerful will prevent him." And thus on— one spoonful of honoy, ami ono drop of gall to leavou witli its poison tho fair speeches tliut preceded it. , Ruth and Geoffrey wore sitting togethor on a largo boulder by tho side of tho mountain torrent whoro tho girl lmd refreshed hor fnco so many months hack. He was splashing about with tho tip of his hoot in tho purling water that rushed nnd bubbled away ut liis feet, alio witli her oyos to tho ground, nnd her hands folded, listening to him. Thus tliey lied boon together day after day, month after month, and what wonder was thore that during thut long intoroourso tho maidon should havo oomo to look with favourable oyes upon the only marriugublo man whoso path crossed hers, and who professed such devotion to his friend — a man among moil sho called him. No girl of sixteen oven is so innocent thut looks of fiery dovotion— movomouts in whioli tho language of tho heart is writ — csenpo hor. Geoffrey mado suuh florae dumb pretensions of love, all tbo wliilo indicating by his speech that lie was earnestly endcuv- onring to repress his passion for the sake of him who had gono away, that.Ruth oamo to look upon him us a . hero, and to pity him. From pity to a warmer feoling thore is but a short step, nnd to licr terror and auinzomont, Ruth saw tho pioturo of her absent lovor fading .from her dreaming eyes, whilst Geoffrey Totton, boing by lior side ull day, moro and moro took liis fnond's pluco in her dreams. When his hand unconsciously tciuoiiod hers, it sont a thrill, through lior, not like that, perhaps, wliieli sho folt when, Jaok pressed lior to his heart, hut still a plooaurablo turmoil wliioli, whether she blight to resist or hear, sho often asked horsdlf und never unsworcd. Jack, first of nil, hnd promised to ho hack before the wintor was over. Then a latter camo, the only letter Ruth hud received sineo hor lovor's departure. Postal communication existed not 111' tlioso parts, and the letter reaeliod hor by being brought to Rassctt's ranobo by a Moxionn muleteer wlio wont with his animals to tho monthly fair ut Santa Fo. In that letter Jack said thut he lmd found tlio sale of liis property more dilHuult tiiuu lie lmd imagined, and more onoumborod by legal diffioultioa than ho lmd bargained for, and that moBt likely lio would bo a month longer, or more, hut that he would bo hack boforo the whiter was over. Wintor hod gone and spring Intel come, and ho had not returned, and Geoffrey Totton was at that moment eu- gngod in framing exuusos for his friond's ubsoiiuo. ,10 BE CONCLUDED TO-MOHnOW. About 600,000 trooB nro annually plnntod by Swedish school ohildren uudor the guid- auco of tlioir touchers. 