CHASED"A SHARK,'! I hare been in varioas parti of the globe { liko Uly«.vos, have aeon many cities and pcoplra; and, like him, hare been through many adrrn* tuns. Amongst the last-named thero in one which has dinted itaolf in my memory in its every detail. The scf-ne wa* the moat beautiful harbour in the world—Uio Janiero. We wen lying off the town in our quarantine berth, for yellow fever had got ahead of Iho sanitary arrangements, and was just knocking the climate and the people into fits, when two o* three compognous do voyage suggested a bath in the briny. It was insufferably hot, ind ths very mention of a bath was enough to tempt St. Anthony himsolf. Had ire been Ere.*, apples wouldn't have had the ghost of a chance, but being Adnms, the excessive nature of the sweat of oar brow clearly pointed to a bath a* being the most persuasive tomptalion to succumb to. Of course vre lived to repeat of our ML Two shakos of a duck’s tail are not nsnally supposed to extend over a lengthy period, and it took just atwut that time for us to run down the gangway ladder, separately deposit a flaunni shiit and trouser*, pin* sock* and shoes, on the lower steps, and leap inlo the cool, bluo water. It also took about that period of time to get 50 fathoms—say 100 yards— asV-ra of the steamer, for Kio has a tide of it« own—we learnt that by experience. Of course, had wo mentioned our bribing propensity to any of the officers wo should have been duly notified as to tides and sharks and other inconvenient arrange ments, but, you see, we didn’t ! The tide V»* running seven miles an Lour - a rate I had tnee expi rionced in the green and swirling w tors of iho Aur, where it rushes round tlm (plain* old town cf Iho no—and as we turnrd and swam for the steamer wc found it very hard to make up lost ground. My companions were "ome yards abend of me, for I had bten the fimt to leap. Slowly and firmly I thrust my arms forward and swept them round. Strongly and regularly I spurned tho water with my feet. No one had seen us start, as far as we kntW, and tile lost ground had to be regained yard by yard, almost inch by inch. There was nothing for it but to swim or drilt oat to sea. Naturally wc preferred to swim. I suppose we had covered some sixty yards of 10 when suddenly thrre came a shout from tho steamer. The chi' f officer was standing on tho taffrail, and what he shouted gave me a feeling tho nearest thing to cramp I ever felt. “ Look out, you fellows ! i^wim for your lives! There's a shark astern of you.” Groat heaven! Of course there were sharks—any number of them—in the bay. Fools that wo were, we had forgotten it. 4* Swim for your lives !'* I shouted to my tvro companions, and with that I relapsed into silence and swam for my lilc. There is a certain emotion possible to man* which used to be called trepidation. It in now more generally called ,l funk.” At that precise moment of ray life—a very critical moment, you will doubtless agree with me—I was wholly, completely, from the hair of my head to the tips of my tors, possessed with funk. It would be more than ordinarily diCI culfc for hair which h»s been intermittently, ducked in the water for several raiuutes to stand upright. Yet mine did. When your knees are separated as f»r as U possible for them to separate in that drawn-up position peculiar to swimming, you might not expect them to knock together. Bat I can assure yon mine did. The expert swimmer— and I flattered myself I was he—rigorously keeps his mouth shut and his teeth set. Yet my teeth chattered, and my jaws convulsively gaped to such an extent that I began to yearn for a stomach-pump. I never did fully appro* riate the taste of salt water. Not one moment, however, was to bo lost, for quickly turning my head, 1 saw the black fin of the merciless brute silently but rapidly cleaving the water, and momentarily gaining on me. My companions turned to look almost it the same moment. Pale as death, with bloodier# lips and an expression iu their ey«# whiuh 1 hope I may never again see in a human being, they were straiuing every nerve to breast that cruel tide, urging their bodies through the water with desperate efforts, and gazing at the great black hull of the steamer with an almost wild despair. I saw all this in a moment-, and, as I renewed my own efforts with redoubled rigour, an icy grasp seemed to tighten round my heart, my ' head, my limbs, and tell me that in a few more minutes I should be a bleeding, mangled un recognisable mass in the jaws of the cruellest and most voracious monster of the deep. The si conds pr.ssod ; they seemed like hours. I lived ray life over again in the spaoo of those three or four minutes, and yet ] know that the horrors of my impending fate »pcd swiftly through my maddened brain, and revealed to the very Inst detail all the *gony 1 was destined to endure. I could see the swift stroke of the fhark ns bo dirod Mow me, th« flash of bis white belly as he rolled over—for hi# mouth being underneath he must turn over to bite—I could bear the scrunching of his jaws M he seix d my limbs and tore at them, and, O Ood ! I could sen the very last glimse of the sky as I was drugged below the water, away from all possibility of hi Ip from my fellow-creature#, from nil hopes of life —to be devoured ! My companions had reached the gangway— but there was no time for that for me. A life belt attached to a rope was flung overboard* ami I strained every muscle to reach it. I could hear u«»w tho awift stealthy movement of ths brute as ho came nearer, and nearer and nearer,. I made one last drsperate plunge for tho belt— I caught ill In>tantly was I pulled out of lb# water, *ml I saw the while belly of tho shark Mi he h aped to scire me, bui, a full yard belov k l knew then that I was tavod—saved from thr %j.oniw of an awful death—and the next moment I fell *enroleas ou the deck. 