. A MIRACLE IN 'SYDNEY. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURED. BOILER MAKER JARVIS WAS ToLD i)Y DOCTORS HE 3IOST DIE. ON THE VERGE OF THE GRAVE. A FINAL EXPERIMENT AND ITS ASTOUNDING RESULTS. THE DOCTORS BEWILDERED. FULL PARTICULARS OF A REMARKABLE RE COVERY. A SENSATION AT ULTIMO. (From the AustralianWorkman.) , One of the best-known residonts of Ultimo, Sydney, is Mr. Thomas Jarvia, who reaides at 45 Crown-lauo. A multitude of his acquaintances were grieved to notice how his fine physique was slowly but surely being undermined by an insidious and mysterious malady. The disease baffled all who attempted to diagnose it, meanwhile Jarvis suffered agonies mentilly and physically. His trouble developed at last so rapidly that he was FORCED TO HIS BED, and his terture becoming unendurable, large quantities of opium and morphia were administered to 'alleviate his suffering'. He applied to a well-known doclo-, but that gentleman afier a careful scrutiny pumuuuuou mo uimu nopoiesbiy inonranie, and gave him an order addressed to the Director. of Chmtable Institutions. Poor Jarvis went home ti bed, and ano'.her doctor was called in and agreed that JARVIS WAS IN'COitABLE, and all that could be done f„r him .was in the ditection of deadening tho pains which racked him. While Jarvis was patiently waiting for the kindly hand of death to eud his sufferings, his a tsntion was directed to an advertisement in tho press, and thinking that a cise therein stated resembled his own he determined, as o last resort, to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Poop'e. The first box had a magical effect upon him the' very first week. His appetite re turned, and ho once more experienced tho LUXURY OF A SLEEP. The second week with the eocond box of pills confirmed the symptoms of recovery, and ho p?rsevored with the third and fourth boxes with equally su'prising results. He is now taking his fifth box, and in five short weeks AN ABSOLUTE CURE has boon revealed. Every day his strength increases, and although not yet robust be is a new mau full of vitality, confidence, and enthusiasm. It is no wonder then that his case is causing quite a sensation at Ultimi, and the news is spreading throughout the oity and suburbs. Under these extraordinary circumstances we decided to send a representative of the Australian Workman to make inquiries so that the cure may be fully authent:cated and the public may obtain all particulars,. So remarkable a cure deserves the widest publicity in the interests of SUFFERING HUMANITY whose malarias baffle ail the Bcienco, learn ing, and experience of the medical pro fession. THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thttrsd-iy afternoon our represont tliro made his way to tho humble home of Mr. ThomiB Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to bo one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ha was up and about and able to answer tho knock at tho door. Although pale and bearing atill the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it wes very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to oonvaba conce. In reply to tho preliminary questions, he said : ' You waut to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of va'ue to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, .twelve months ago I got so bad that I bad to LEAVE OFF WORK, and I havo dono nothing since thon. About five years ago, next Christmas, I „10t w an accident ; ,1 was badly saald-d \v\l taking a bath in PiU-st-oct, Sydney C? the accident I havo been in fai-in/hiub and after four years of gradual , li t ' mont of tho maladv, I WBR forCQfJ up my billet nt the Gl,bo Waml.' B'n ' What wero tho symptoms I' , .' Simply indescribable. Tho mi„. were something terrible. They were W about as much as 1 could bear. Thev SI for all tho world like as if a . , SAW WERE (JUr-nXfi MY liOXES in two m ovory part of mo. I had „0 con trol over my bowels and bladder, and !,' a unmnco to myself and evoryon« cljo T was incessantly shivering and slmliina and eonla neither eat nor sleep. On the 23 d Maroh last I saw a we!l-!-n0-.vn doct.r, and he told mo that my case was utterly W». L;ss. However, he !;avo nl0 ni, or(,0'r J Director of Charitabl - Ins-tiiutioiis ' ' Did you inako use of the order ?' ' No ; I camo homo and went to bod and havs boon pretty well it, bed over ainc, Five weeks a*.. I Co„U 110t w«lkft|nn„ llw floor ; in fact.IoouH not get out of bed. I lelt then that it was I ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days wben I would give up tho ghost. % doctor was attend ing mu, and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho ngouy 1 was in I wa3 under him for fi vo or six weeks fin camo to tho conclusion that I iva., from loc onotor ataxia, or pronressirn locomotor ataxy, a disoise of the'' 3|.iml cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-nrdimuio' voluntary movements. He to d me tint I might last for ton years, and that I mi»ht nover got tho use of my Ieus. (Just -then tho patient kicked his legs about with ? ffliV ™ 'P'moiuj not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning mm will grasp at a straw, I grasped at, an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing tho cure effected in the case of anober boiler-maker in England, which I real in tho Australian Workman, by' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisemant of a case which seomol to fit my own. I detjrminod to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and SENT FOR A BOX. Tho effect was as marvellous as it war magical. I was able to eat and sleep ai ! though nothing was the rnatfc.'r with me, was the first appetita and roit I had fori many a day. It was incredible. I inrne-:* diitely.left the bed and was able ti mite about.. I have tiken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, ond am; now tak'n;; tlio fif h box. ; I CAN WALK ABOUT with thra aid of a stick, and ain gradually, bufc fluralv. rpnm'flYinfr mv fnrma* vi vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for ino before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too w.'ak t- use them, and now 1 don't want them. All I want is this Btick, and I hope soon to do without, it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' He is 300 per cent, better,' said Mr s, Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knee?. ' The Pink Pills have SAVED HIS LIFE, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a for: night previously. ' I oan now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all the feoling has comeback in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am. I hope to bo able to work in tao months' time.' I feel that 1 ahull then be well enough to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am - BETTER TO-DAY thin I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and beneBt to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pa:n now,' whatever, and feel like n new man. On Ihe mantlepieco there is a box of ' OPIUM AND MORPHIA ; pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the pain. But they can ft-y whsre thy are,- for I no longer need them. Every-' body who knows me has been amazed at the chtingo in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. ' My being about again hai caused quits a sensation out hero.' Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued speed towards recovery our representative withdrew. 