.'Sternkfe* w 5 *» j, *. II CUPID'S BET. By tliu Author of ' The Romance of Four Lives,' &c.; CHAPTER, I. A Wily Fihher. '?Love tliitt hath lis in his net.' The short winter twiligli't of a Decem ber dny wa9 drawing rapidly to a closc, throwing a gloom, desolate and oppres sive; over the wild Irish const of ? Ogannon and the stormy waters of the Irish Sea. Running parallel with the shore, the high rugged cliffs stood out boldly a[?aiu=.t the dull grey sky, aud made the young fellow, pacing slowly up and down the shingly bcacli, shudder with a ? feeling very like, awe, as he cast his ejus upwards Ei'oin time to time, aud then out over (lie moaning sea, into which the sun had iiiiilc like a ball of fire, leaving behind ou sky and wotor a streak of lurid red. * Close, 30 close that it seemed built on tho very edge of those jagged clills, a castlo that had defied the storuis of tcntnries, frowned down npon tbo deso l.ite shore, a worthy object, with its grey stone walls and rounded, towers, to com plete the 3 tern and rugged picture prc ' sented bj beach and sea. Jin 6 it was not of a mach-la!kcd-of picture representing that very scone, that ?had graced . tlie walls of ' .Burlington House the lant season, of which the soli tary individual was thinking, as his eyes, ever restless, ever, it seemed, on the alart, glanced upwards from time to * time. I In appearance, as in character, there ' was veiy little of the typical artist about * Hcrbori Charrington.' From the set of his showy shirt-collar to the tip of his polished boots he bore- the stamp of a West-end tailor, and the artistic neglige he adopted on. certain occasions was one of studied care. Tie looked what he won Id wish, to 1)3 — in easy tnilor at can vas and oils, and struggling artist, whose one success did not, as in the case of the immortal Byron; -mean name and fame. Fame and money was the nauc of ^???.'.???Herbert Carrington's ambition. . Ho possessed neither. . Something of those thoughts wore ? passing through his mind as he paced slowly up and down between a cluster of fishermen's cabins and a bond iu the cliffs ?that led away to the inland, and the dirty straggling little village of Ogannon that seemed to cluster round and worship a flaring red-brick erection, dignified by the name of the ' Tourist's Joy,' the solitary inn, that liad been his shelter when Herbert Charrington made his first sketching tour in the green isle of Erin. , 1 Ho was jnst turning in his mono tonous walk, for the ninth time* about j half-a-dozon yards from a miserable, ' broken down hut, when tho door was i quietly opened and. a girl came forth.. At fche moment their glances met — it was easy to sec these two hud met before. The man's restless eyes clouded with annoyance, as they swept like lightning \- ' along the beach, while the girl, a typi cal Irish beauty, with her blue sparkling eyes and jet black hair, followed his, glance, with a mixture of pain and spite in 'her mobile features, y ' ' Sure, ' but ye be forgettin' yer onld / friends, Misther Charrington?' she queried, with littlo more that a soupgon ofbrogncin hor musical voice. 'Doyo tako mo for a ghost that ye look ready to fly to me,? ' 'Balb! Talk' sense, it you ; lease, Kitty,' he answered, roughly, 'aud got on your way. The shore is but a gloomy place at twilight, and it will be dark ' before you reach the villapro.' ' Much I be afeard o' tho dark,' re , : torted the girl, with a toss of her bonny h'(id. 'It's many and many a time I've carried food and wine to yon poor cntlcr, and 'many and many a time I'll do it yet. Aud yo may call the siiore u gloomy place, but jou did na coll it so ? ? two summers agone.' Theite was a ring of wiatfnlness in her voice, as she cmno a step nearer and laid ... her hand gently on his arm. ?' Suppose wo don't say anything about that,' ho said impatiently. 'If my opinions have altered, you have only yourself to blame. You had your choice, remember.' ' A pretty choico !' she cried, bitterly. ' The choico between lotting mo false „ lover ride scot-free to wed yonder swoet lassie, and telling the whole little ittory Then she softened her tone. ' Will yo never forgive me; asthoro ?' she pleaded, wistfully. 'I did it for love of yo. I could na lose ye, sweet heart. I had more right to ye than sho. Haven't yo courted me day after day, ]-ainted me picture, and vowed that ye'd marry mo? till ye got yer footing into that Castle yonder, and then — ye jist forgot me.' Sao broke into pnssionato tears. Cold, cynical man of the world, he was touched more by the utter despair of her attitude than by her grief. 'Now, Kitty for heaven's sake!' be cried, laying, his hand lightly on her shoulder. ' Poor child ! I never dream ed you would take on like this.' 'Sbure.JI never meant to be so foolish,' she answered, brightening in stantly at his softoned tone. ' And you'll come back to be, sweot-bcart, after all ?' 'Impossible!' ho replied, decidedly. ' Parlly because of your mad folly — that I'll never forgive — and partly because my position won't allow it.' Tho fiory Irish blood flamed '.over tho girl's cheek and brow. ' Your position !' sho echoed, scorn fully. ' Ye aro only a common painter! But I know ye aro a scoundrel, Herbert Charrington, and a scoundrel poor Cohnel O'Hea called ye, I mind, when lie saw ye eyeing mo over the bar the first cvoning yo over darkened mo father's door! Ho was right too, and ye know' it!' Ho hardly noliccd her fiery spcech, for I his eyes were fixed upon a figuro com ings quickly down iho 'cliff — a woman's figure, leaping lightly, boldly down the rough'y-he'.vn path, catching at a project ing rock or clurnb of leafless bracken when the earth, moistened by heavy rains, gave way beneath he feet. Then ho glanced at the face on a level with hi* shoulder, in which love an anger — hot, Irish anger — were struggling for tho majesty. A sccna was imminent, and he shuddered to sontemplate the result. 'Don't for heaven's sake, Kitty, fly at me like this!' he cried, in' desperation. 'I'm not so black as you paint me. And tiow go, go at once, and if yoit'li meet me in an hour's time at thcold place, we'll talk the. matter over quietly. You can't lie jealous of Lady Norah now, you've pretty well done for her, you know.' ' Shure, you're deeeivin'- me ? ' she queried, doubtfully. Then, as ho made no reply but by an impatient gesture of denial, she looked pleadingly into his pale, angry face and turned slowly away. For a few minutes he stood watching her, the frown on his face giving way to an amused smiln as he saw the great ungainly figure of the Earl of Killkrce's gamekeeper emerge from behind one of tbo fisherman's rough cabins, aud evi dently beg to be allowed to accom pany her on her way, receiving but a tos9 of the head and probably a sharp word for his pains, that left him standing with bent head and clenched hands, gazing at her retreating form. Then he turned and hurried forward to meet that fearless climber, oven as he did so contrasting unfavorably the broad shouldered strong-limbed earl's daughter with her frank, open face and fair hair — ? she might have been taken for any/heal tby English girl — with the subtle Irish beauty of Kitty O'Connell. j . 