THE ABSENT BRIDEGROOM [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE," ''KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE,'' ETC.] CHAPTER XXIV. VENDETTA ! ''Draw that curtain, Niece Cyrilla, and don't sit mooning there. You might know all that glare of light would hurt my eyes, if you ever thought of anybody but yourself. The croaking, rasping old voice stops. With a tired sigh, Cyrilla rises and does as she is told. ''Will that do, Aunt Phil ?'' There is no reply for a moment, then a dull, prolonged groan of misery from the old woman on the bed. ''Oh! my back. Oh ! my side. Oh! this dreadful pain. Niece Cyrilla, what are you sitting there like a stone for?' You have no more feeling than a stone. Get up and do something for me.'' The girl comes to the bedside, and looks pitifully down at the drawn, distorted face, and writhing form. ''Aunt Dormer, what shall I do for you ? I do feel for you, indeed. Shall I fetch your hot plates ?'' Once again there is no reply. In the midst of her querulous cry, Miss Dormer has fallen into a fitful doze. Cyrilla goes softly back to her place; but she has hardly resumed her seat, when the harsh, complaining voice breaks out again—— ''Isn't it time for my spoonful of morphine yet? You never know or care whether it is time for me to get my medicine or not. I wish you had this pain in your side and back, and all over your body, as I have; perhaps you would be as glad as I am to get morphine. Look at the clock, Niece Cyrilla, and don't sit gaping out of the window like a fool.'' For the third time the girl arises, almost like an automaton ; it is only a specimen of what goes on all day now. Passing her hand wearily across her forehead, she looks at the clock; the morphine hour has not arrived, but she administers the drug in a tiny crystal cup—this, at least, will quiet her tyrant for the next hour. The scene is still Miss -Dormer's room, but the arm-chair has been exchanged for a bed —Miss Phillis Dormer will never sit in arm chair or other chair again. It is almost the close of May—a soft, opal- tinted, exquisite, May evening:—but still a coal-fire burns on the hearth, the windows are sealed, the doors are tightly closed, by order of the invalid ; the mephitic air is in itself sufficient to kill anyone. Cyrilla has been breathing it since seven o'clock this morning ; she, has been breathing it for many weary days past. A fortnight ago Miss Dormer's incurable disease made one rapid stride forward, and brought Miss Dormor to the door of death. At death's door she lies now. The dread and gloomy portal that will open for all flesh one day, may open for her at any moment, now. She knows it, too ; only, even to her own soul, she refuses, vehemently, fiercely, to believe. It is but a temporary illness—she will recover—she must recover—her affairs are not arranged, her will' is not made, she cannot make it in all this pain and misery— she has not time to die. When she is better, she will make it, she will send for a clergy- man, she will read her Bible, she will try and prepare for death. She is not so very old— only fifty-five ; why, many men and women, not as strong as she is, live to seventy, eighty, ninety ! This is not death, she is only a little worse ; next week, or week after, she will be better, and then—then she will amend her life, and, get ready to die. So she puts the thought fiercely from her, and no one dares tell her the truth. She has lived a most godless and unholy life, at wrath with all the world, for the wrong of one man ; she will die an impenitent and despair- ing death. Oh, vanitas, vanitatem ! What preacher that ever preached can speak to the heart as does the death-bed of a hoary sinner. She takes her anodyne, falls back upon her pillow, and sinks at once into dull stupor. Then, still with that jaded, worn face, Cyrilla gets up, leaves the room, descends the stairs, and stands out in the lovely freshness of the sweet spring night. The air is full of balm, of perfume, of balsamic odours ; it is warm and windless as June — the June, that will be here, next week, that is to bring Donald McKelpin to claim his bride. Up in the blue sky shining stars look down; a faint, silver baby moon is away, yonder over her left shoulder, half lost it the primrose lustre of the sky. Away in Montreal half a dozen bells clash musically out, calling the good French Canadians to the devotion of the month of May.'' It is all sweetness, and peace, and beauty, and the white, fagged look gradually leaves the girl's face, and her dark, melancholy eyes lose a little of their, sombre expression. But still, she is very grave, and — where has her youth gone to ? — she looks ten years older than three weeks ago. Will Aunt Dormor die without making her will ? That is the thought that haunts her, by night and by day, that robs her of appetite and sleep, that makes her bear imprisonment in that miserable , sick room, that makes her endure the fierce impatience, the, ceaseless complainings, of the sick woman, with a patience that never fails. -If Phillis Dormer dies without making her will, she and her father are ,heirs-at-law, and her father, even if alive, will never disturb her in her posses- sion. All will be hers and her husband's. If only she dies without making a will! If she only dies before Donald McKelpin comes home. Even to her own heart — selfish, mercenary, irreligious as Cyrilla is —she will not own that she wishes this sudden death. But she does ; and the shadow of murder —the murder of desire —rests upon her as she stands here. With a horror none but those who fear death can know, Miss Dormer shrinks from the thought of making her will. She loves her money ; all, her dreary life long it has been to her husband, children, friends, re- ligion. To will it deliberately away to her niece, or even to Donald McKelpin, is bitterer than the bitterness of death itself. This the girl knows ; no will has been made, none is likely to be made : on that now all Cyrilla's life hangs. If Miss Dormer dies intestate, riches, happiness, this world and the glory thereof, will be hers, with tho husband she passionately loves ; if she does not—— ''My solemn Cyrilla ?'' says a voice, draw- ing near, '' how wan and unearthly you look standing here in the gloaming, gazing at the stars. If you had on a white dress, you might have been taken for the ghost of Dormer House. And Dormer House is just the sort of gruesome place to have a ghost.'' ''Freddy!" she exclaims, waking from her gloomy reverie and holding out her hand, ''I must have been far away, indeed, since I never heard you come.'' 'And what were you thinking of, Beauty ? The husband who adores you, I trust ?'' ''No, sir ; of a much less tender subject — Aunt Dormer's will.'' There is a pause. She takes his arm and walks with him up and down the grassy path. The high wooden wall shuts them from the view of outsiders; Miss Dormer's drugged sleep will last for another half-hour. Old Joanna, deaf and stupid, never was guilty of looking out of a window in her life. So Mr. Carew can come to see his wife this time every evening without fear of detection. ''Beauty,''he begins, gravely, at the expi- ration of that pause, ''you think too much of Miss Dormer's will. Don't be offended at my saying so, but one may buy even gold too dear. I'm not a preaching sort of fellow as a rule,'' Mr. Carew goes on, apologetically, ''and I never interfere with any of your pro- jects, because I know you've got twice the brains I have, and in a general way know what you're about. But, my dear child, there is something absolutely revolting in the way you look forward to that poor old lady's death.'' Cyrilla looks at him for a moment in whim- sical surprise, then she laughs. ''My dear Fred, what a precocious little boy; you are getting to be ! Your sentiments do you honour, of course, all the same ; please tell me what we are to do if Aunt Dormer cuts me off with a shilling.'' ''Trust in Providence and my Uncle Dun- raith, and live on my pay meantime,'' responds Freddy, promptly. ''Where, Fred ? In the back bedroom of a third-rate boarding-house ? And if Uncle Dunraith turn's a deaf ear to the penniless cry of his starving nephew and niece, what then ?'' ''I'll sell out and start a grocery, set up a boarding-house, teach a school, sweep a cross ing, anything, anything,'' says Fred, with a vague wave of his hands, 'except wish poor Miss Dormer dead before her time.'' ''I don't wish her dead,'' answers Cyrilla, with asperity ; ''but die she must, and that speedily ; is there any harm, then, in my hop- ing she may die without a will ? If she does all is well for you and me, Freddy; we will get back to England, dear old England, and when we tire of that we will run about the world together— that modern marvel, as the poet says: ''Two souls with but a single thought, That never disagree !'' Ah ! Fred, we can be very happy together, with Aunt Dormer 's money.'' ''We can be very happy together without it,'' Mr. Carew answers.''If I lived in a garret and starved on a crust, I could be happy, 'Rilla love, so that you were near. Don't hope too much ; the disappointment, when it comes, will be all the harder to bear.'' ''Don't talk of disappointment,'' cries Cyrilla, angrily; ''I will not listen. There shall be no disappointment. She has no thought of making a will, I know, no thought of dying ; and Doctor Foster told me, only this morning, sho would hardly live the week out.'' Again there is silence. They walk slowly up and down, under the scented, budding, trees, with the pale, sweet shine of the little yellow moon sifting down on their grave faces. Presently Fred speaks. ''You have heard nothing yet from Miss Jones ?'' ''Nothing ; she has not written. Every letter that enters the house passes through my hands. No one has been here except Dootor Foster. Mrs. Fogarty, as I told you, called twice, and each time I refused to let her in. She looked as if she meant mischief, too.'' ''And Miss Jones meant mischief, if ever I saw it in a woman's face. It is odd she has not written, but I have a conviction she will yet. '' I never saw such hatred before in human eyes.'' ''Miss Jones has eyes exactly like a cat,'' says Cyrilla. ''Well, so that Aunt Dormer is comfortably in her grave, they may do their worst. Oh ! Fred, how can one help wishing she would die and have done with it, when so much is at stake !'' ''All the money in the world is not worth one such wish, 'Rilla. What I want to say to you is this: if, through Miss Jones, it should come to your aunt's knowledge that we were together in New York, don't deny our marriage. Mind, Cyrilla, don't ! Neither Miss Jones, nor your aunt, nor any one else, shall ever think you were with me there, except as my wife.'' ''Nonsense, Fred ! Even if Aunt Dormer does hear it — and I will take care she does not — she still thinks I was visiting Sydney ; and I can prove our meeting was accidental,'' ''Miss Jones knows better ; she knows we were at that hotel as husband and wife. For Heaven's sake, Cyrilla, don't tell that dying woman lies ; it is too contemptible. Let us tell the truth if we must, and take the conse- quences. Nothing they can do can ever separate us, and our separation is the only thing I fear.'' ''The only thing.'' Cyrilla laughs, and all in a moment her face grows old and hard, ''You don't fear beggary, then, or squalor, or misery, either for yourself or for me ? That is not love, as I understand it. Freddy, let me tell you, once and for all, if Aunt Dormer disinherits me, I shall hate you for having made me your wife !'' Again there is silence ; again it is broken by Fred Carew, in a troubled voice, ''When does McKelpin come home, Cyrilla?'' ''Week after next ; and if Miss Dormer is still alive, she proposes that the wedding shall be the day after his arrival. Her illness is a sufficient excuse for no preparation, no expense. It is a tangled web, Freddy, out of which I cannot see my way.'' She passed her hand across her forehead with the same weary gesture as in the sick room, and sighs heavily. '' I cannot advise you, Beauty ; I'm not a good one at plotting and duplicity. Tell the truth — that is the only way out of it, that I can see. And you need not be so greatly afraid; things are not as black as you paint them. If the worst comes to the worst, tell the truth, and trust in me.'' ''I must go in,'' Cyrilla answers, coldly. ''Aunt Dormer will awake, and be furious , if she misses me. I have watched with her two nights ; I fool hardly able to stand.'' ''You are wearing yourself out, my darling,'' her husband says, looking at her with wistful tenderness.''Ah ! Cyrilla, I never much wished for fortune before, I always seemed to have enough ; but I wish I were rich for your sake. Good-by, then, since you must go.'' '' Good-by,'' she repeats, mechanically. She turns to go in. He has gone a few steps, when he wheels suddenly, and comes back. '' Beauty,'' he says, ''I want to warn you again. If our being together in New York comes to Miss Dormer's ears, confess our marriage. It would take a good deal to make me angry with you — you know that ; but if you let any one — any one — think you were there with me other than as my wife, I couldn't forgive you. Promise me this.'' '' I will promise you nothing. Good night,'' she says, shortly, and disappears into the dark and dreary dwelling. Fred Carew goes back to his quarters, his handsome, genial face looking strangely anxious and troubled. And Fred Carew's wilful wife drags herself spiritlessly up to her aunt's room. ''You may buy gold too dear,'' had said Fred. Surely, she thought, if every penny came to her, she was buying her gold at a fearful price. It was Joanna's night to watch, and Joanna was already in the sick-room. The dim lamp was lighted ; the close atmosphere seemed stifling to Cyrilla, coming in out of the fresh, cool air. Miss Dormer opened her eyes at the moment, and peevishly cried out for her wine and water. ''Here, aunt.'' Cyrilla raised the feeble old head, gave her the drink, shook and adjusted the pillows, and replaced her among them. ''I am very tired, aunt; I am going to my room now. Joanna is here. Is there any thing more I can do for you before I go ?'' ''No, Go — you are only too glad to go. You hate to sit an hour with me, after all I've done for you. Ah ! the Hendricks were a bad lot, a bad lot — how could you be any thing but bad, too ?'' '' Good-night, Aunt Dormer.'' Aunt Dormer disdains reply. Cyrilla goes. She is so dead tired, so utterly exhausted; that she flings herself on her bed, dressed as she is, and in five minutes is soundly and dreamlessly asleep.'' So soundly, so deeply, that, when, an hour later, Doctor Foster comes, she never hears his loud, knock. Two ladies are with him: two ladies ,who take seats in the chill, vault like parlour, while he goes up to the sick room. He feels the patient's pulse ; says there is less fever. She is sinking rapidly, but he does not tell her that. ''Miss Dormer,'' he says, ''two ladies have accompanied me here on what one of them says is a matter of life and death. Her name is Miss Jones. The other is Mrs. Fogarty, one of my patients, and the wealthiest lady in Montreal. They are downstairs, and beg most earnestly to be admitted to see you.'' ''I never see ladies,'' cries Miss Dormer, shrilly ; you know that. What did you bring them here for ? You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Foster.'' Doctor Foster knows her; He expects to send in a bill to her executors presently that will make them open their eyes. He bears, this, therefore, like the urbane gentleman he is. Furthermore, Mrs. Fogarty, one of his very best paying patients, has given him to understand that if he does not procure her this interview, she will be, under the painful, necessity of taking herself and her ailments elsewhere. ''My dear Lady,'' he blandly said, ''did you observe when I told you it was a matter of almost life or death? I really think you had better break through your excellent rule in this instance. They are ladies of the utmost respectability, and one of them of great wealth. They have no sinister motive, I assure you. It is concerning some extraordinary deception that is being practiced upon you by your very charming niece, Miss Hendrick.'' Miss Dormer has been lying back on her pillows glaring at him, an awful object. At those last words she utters a shrill cry. ''I knew it ! I knew it. I always said so ! She comes of a bad race, and she's the worst of them all ! Fetch them up here at once ! Do you go, Joanna ! fetch the up, I say, at once !'' (To be continued.) 