Ambassadors have been somewhat cynically described as “ Men sent abroad to lie for their country.” As in many other witticisms, there is just a sufficient tinge of truth in this to give point to the satire. Prince Bismarck enunciated tiie same theory with more brutal frankness. When asked to what he ascribed his success in diplo macy, the astute statesman replied, “To telling the truth.” His explana tion of this was that truth was the last thing expected from a diplo mat, and he was consequently not believed, so that he was able the more easily to achieve his ends. But every ambassador does not regard his duties in the same coldly cynical light, nor is it necessary for his success that he should. The world knows little of what it owes to the men who serve their country in this capacity. A British ambassador, who recently retired, full of honors, pithily likened those in the diplomatic service to the buttons employed in holding clothes together—while they performed their work properly they never came into notice, and when they came pro minently before the public there was something radically wrong. He laid it down as an axiom that the less the public heard of diplomats the better it was for the country they represented, and the more successfully they performed their duties. This is evidently the view held by the Marquis of Dofferin and Ava, who is about to retire from the post of Ambassador in Paris—the blue ribbon of the British diplomatic service. At the annual banquet of the British Chamber of Commerce in Paris, held last month, the toast nf Lord Dufferin’s health was honored with enthusiasm. His reply partook of the nature of an adieu, though it was not the final, official, leave-taking. He spoke in glowing terms of the delightful capital of France, and referred gratefully to the uniform courtesy, indulgence, and consideration with which he had been treated by the public men with whom he had been brought in contact. He remarked that most of the difficulties between the .two countries had now been adjusted,and said it might reason ably be hoped that the few that re mained would soon be amicably settled. Referring to the necessity and utility of diplomacy at the present time, his lord ship said:— “ The whole of Europe ie little better than a standing camp numbering millions of armed men, while a double row of frowning and opposing fortresses bristles along, every fron tier. Our harbors are staffed and the seas swarm with ironclad navies, to whose num bers I am forced to admit England has been obliged in self-defence to add her modest quota. Even in the remotest East the pnssion for military expansion has displayed an nnex. pected development. In fact, thanks to the telegraph, the globe itself has become a mere bundle of nervos, and the slightest disturb ance at any one point of the system sends a portentous tremor through its morbidly sensi tive surface. TVs are told by the poets of old that when Zeus nodded the golden halls of his Olympus shook to their foundation. To day it would Buffice for any one of half a dozen augnst personages to speak above his breath or unwittingly to raise his little .finger, and, like in n heaven overcharged with electricity, the existing condition of unstable equilibrium which sustains the European politi cal system would be apses, and war, waged in cironmstances of greater horror than has been hitherto known to the experience of man* kind, might eventually envelop not Europe alone, bnt two, nay all the four continents at onae, since in every one of them representa- I tives and offshoots of tho contending nations wonld of necessity bo brought into collision. It is to prevent catastrophes of this kind that we meek, civil- spoken, and mild-mannered persons have been invented. After nil, a very thin wire proves a perfectly effective lightning 'conductor, and for over SO years, thanks to this unpretending agency, an unbroken peace has been maintained between your native land and the country with whose prosperity and welfare your own interests are so closely as sociated.” And tbe civilised world, generally, will admit Lord Dufefrin’s claims on behalf of the diplomatic corps, that “it is the best device human ingenuity has been able to discover” to prevent breaches of peace between nations. Had it not been for our ambassadors, Great Britain might have been at war at the present time with Germany, France, the United States, Turkey, or Russia. Trivial matters, that may be explained away by personal interviews, are magnified by distance, and even the electric telegraph, wonderful as it iB in an nihilating space, is not so powerful in smoothing over difficulties aB one of those “ meek, civil- spoken, and mild mannered persons” of whom the Ambassador at Paris spoke. But even their power and influence are. limited. There come crises in the history of every nation when civil speeches will not- heal; a breach', and when “ the arbitrament of war ” is forced upon statesmen, and events seem to be ripening for such a . crisis in Europe. All the nations are ap parently anxious to avert a struggle that when it takes place will probably materially alter the map of the world. When the timec omeß, we can only hope—as we have every reason to do—that the mother country will be able to maintain by arms the proud position she has won mainly by peaceable methods. There should not be much difficulty in arriving at an understanding be tween the Assembly and the Council by means of which the Factories Act Amendment Bill will be placed on the statute book. For the matter of that, the difference between the two Houses might easily have been settled last session. But it is as well to “ let byegones be byegones,’’ and endeavor now to make amends for ' past mistakes. This spirit apparently actuates the leaders of the Assembly, and if hon. members in the Upper House follow suit—as they appear to be willing to and points at issue will be settled, and Victoria will have a bill dealing with the sweating evil far in advance of similar legisla tion in any other part of the world. The great bone of contention last session was the.“permit” system; which the Lower House regarded at first as an essential safeguard against dishonest registration of out-workers. On the other hand, members of the Council looked upon it as a wrong to women in reduced circumstances that they should have either to starve or to outrage their feelings and neglect their homes and children by working in a factory. This provision has been abandoned. The other point at issue was as to»the registration of out workers. Ministers and the majority of the Assembly fought for a register that would be virtually a public record, and could be used as a weapon of' oppression. Everyone will accept the Chief Secretary’s contention that this was not what the Govern : ment aimed at, but it was possible under the bill. Mr Peacock says he is ready to accept an amendment that would make the Chief Secretary’s register only available for those re sponsible for the carrying out of the Act, and Sir F. T. Sargood has sub mitted such an amendment in the Coun cil. There is thus virtually nothing left for the Houses to fight over, and, as both the Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General announced on Mon day night that the Government de sired to adopt a conciliatory line of conduct, but little delay should occur in passing the bill. It may be well to remind the public of the provisions that passed both Houses when the bill was under consideration before. Prices in the clothing, boot and shoe, and furniture trades will be fixed by an elective board, on which employers and employes will have equal representation, and these boards will also have power to determine the proportion appren tices shall bear to journeymen. A minimum wage of 2s 6d per week is insisted upon, so that apprentices cannot be employed without paying them, a3 at present. In the case of work being given out, inspectors can follow the workers home and see that proper prices are paid, and that the premises where the work is done are in a sanitary condition. Hours of work for women and hoys are limited to 10 per day (or 48 per week), and work is not allowed after 9 p.m. Provision is made for a weekly half-holiday for all employes in shops, without excep tion, and sitting accommodation is to be provided for all such Provision is also made for stamping all furniture with the owner’s name, mainly so that purchasers may know when they are buying Chinese-made goods. These are the chief provisions, though there are others calculated to improve the lot of the worker. It will thus be seen that it is no idle boast that the bill is in advance of all known legislation upon the subject. With all these advantages gained, it would be a pity were the bill to be once more thrown out through dis agreement on a trivial point. In the Legislative Council last night, Mr Cuthbert, in answer to Mr T. Dowling, said that the Government intended to bring in an Amending Fencing Bill to compel owners of adjacent properties to join in erecting rabbit proof fencing when required. The motion for the second reading of the Factories Bill was then discussed, and satisfaction expressed that the Government had decided to meet the wishes of the Conncil in regard to keeping the registration of workers secret. In the Assembly, the Premier, replying to a question by Mr Langdon, said that a Credit Foncier, or Cheap Money Bill was practically com pleted, and he hoped to deal with it in Sep tember, after the consideration of the esti mates and the Constitntional Amendment Bill. The Attorney-General gave notice of his intention to move to-day for leave to in troduce a bill to amend the Insolvency Law, and the Honso then went into committee to further consider the Companies Aot Amend ment Bill. Mr Sterry, M.L.A., has given notice of hi3 intention to put the following questions to the Minister of Mines in the Assembly:—l. How many so called trainees have been appointed or ia it intended to appoint ns assistant in spectors of mines. 2. What special training or experience have those persons so appointed or proposed to be appointed in practical mining. 3. Is it intended that those so ap pointed as assistant inspectors will ultimately be eligrblo for appointment as mining inspec tors. 4. Does the Hon. the Minister not con sider that all appointments to the position of assistant inspectors or inspectors of mines shonld be persons who possess special know ledge and experience in practical mining. The Loyal Orange Institution’s annual de monstration to commemorate the battle of the Boyne was continued at the Alfred Hall last evening, and was largely attended. The Hon. B. T. Vale, Deputy Grand Master, presided, and delivered a suitable address, as did also the Bev. VV. Bnrridgo. The proceedings are reported elsewhere. The half-yearly -report of the Amalgamated Miners’ Association has jnst been issued. Satisfaction is expressed with regard to the increasing influenee of the association and the additional interest which is being evinced by miners in all parts of the colony. This is most pronounced at Rokewood, where a Btrong branch ha 9 been formed, and another is in course of organisation at Jericho, Gippsland, whore about 70 miners have announced their determination to join the association. At Yackandandah, also, minors are displaying keen interest in unionism, and a large nnmber have joined the Bethanga branch. Altogether the association has gained from 130. to 140 members. In the Court of General Sessions yesterday Mr H. S. Barrett applied to have tho justices’ order in the case of Hugh Crawley v. Henry Harde set aside. Some time ago Crawley ob tained a judgment against Harde for £l6, and on tho 24th March last an order was obtained for the imprisonment of Harde for two months on the gronnds that he was abont to leave the colony. Mr Barrett argued that the law did not empower the making of each an order, unless it could be shown that the judgment debtor intended leaving hie place of residence with the view of evading his creditor. If it were otherwise ho person who owed even the smallest sum.of money coaid go anywhere on business without being, subject to such pro ceedings as those taken against Harde. Mr Lazarus informed Jndge Gauot that ha had j acted for _ Crawley, but since. the order, had I been obtained the respondent had become in solvent, and ha was not instruotad to appear in the present case* The respondent was called, bnt did not appear. The appellant gave evidence bearing out Mr Barrett’s state ment of the fact, and added that he had never had any intention of leaving the colony and going to S>nth Africans had been alleged in the lower coart. His Honor reversed the order, and awarded £5 5s costs to the appel lant. It has been found impossible to compile any oomplete statement as to tha finances of the Amalgamated Miners’ Association in connec tion with it3 half-yearly report owing to the absence of returns from a number of branches, but those to hand are of an encouraging nature. Unfortunately, howevor, no fewer than 12 fatal accidents occurred during the half-year necessitating the payment of funeral alloWauces to the amount of £6OO. The re port also states that during four years ended Deoember, 1895, the association ha3 paid widows and relatives of unfortunate members who have died through accidents in mines, the sum of £7618, and in aacident pay for the same period the sum of £27,118 has been dis bursed. In ths Court of General Sessions yesterday, John Thomas Hirt was presented oa a charge of having stolen apiece of iron piping, the property of the Bailway Department. Mr J. T. T. Smith prosecutod. On the 10th Jnne, Plain-clothes Constable Montagna observed Hirt wheeling tho stolen piping in a barrow, and as he could not satisfactorily account for bis possession of it he was arrested, and en quiries showed that he had become unlawfully possessed of it. The ca-o was fully reported when before the Town Police Court, and the evidence given yesterday was precisely ■similar to that previously taken. Hirt was sworn, and denied having stolen the iron. Prior to the opening of the case Hirt presented an affidavit, asking for a postponement, upon the grounds that he had uot moans to procure legal advice, and had not been able to for mulate a defence for himself. The applica tion, however, was refused. The jury found the prisoner guilty without the box, and he wa3 sentenced to 12 months’ imprison ment. The half-yearly report of tha Ruthorglen branch of the Amalgamated Minors’ Associa tion has just been issued. It congratulates the members on the great progress made during the term both numerically and finan cially. The last half-year closed with a mem bership of 106, and at the end of June the number had increased to 356. The branch ' started tbe half year with a credit-balance ,of £32 19s lid, and at the close a credit of £6l 12s 9d is shown. The officers (president and secretary) hid been deputed to wait, on tho various, mining managers in the district with a view to enlist ing their sympathy and support in urging the i miners tn join the branch. The unanimously expressed wish of the managers, it is stated, was that every man employed under them should be a member of tbe association. The result of the mission of ihe officers is shown by the increased membership. The receipts for the term amounted to £212 19s, and tbe prin cipal item of expenditure was £lO2 3s 4d paid to members as acoident relief pay. At the Court of General Ses-ions yesterday* Alex. Donaldson w.is arraigned on a choree of having broken into the premises of Mr Colin Robertson Tullon, and stolen therefrom four bags of chaff. Mr J. T. T. Smith prose cuted for the Crown, and the accused was defended by Mr Lorimer, of Colac. Donald son wee a carrier, residing in Colac. In con sequence of several thefts having been com mitted at Mr Tullon’s produce store in Colac, a watch was set by the police, and on night of the 2nd June two constables remained in the store until 3 a.m. Nothing calculated to arouse their suspicions occurred during their stay, and at the honr mentioned they left the place, securely fastening the door3 after them. When the s’ore was opened for business on tbe morning of the 3rd June several bags of chaff were missed. One of the employes at the store was despatched to Donaldson’s waggon with a bag of chaff for delivery to a customer, and upon placing tho stuff in the waggon ho observed four bags of chaff bear ing his employer’s brand. Donaldson was at this lime yoking his bullocks pre paratory to starting on his journey. When questioned by tho police he replied <hat all the chaff on the waggon had been bought and paid for, but he was unable to give any farther explanation of the presence of tho par ticular bags in question. The defence was that the chaff had been placed on the waggon without Donaldson’s knowledge, and by some person unknown to him. This was given on oath by Donaldson, and he accounted for his statement to the police that ths chaff on his waggon had been bought and paid for, by the assertion that there were two other bags on the dray, one of which had been given to him by a client and another was to be delivered to a selector in the Beech Forest. His Honor summed up adversely to the prisoner, and the jury returned a verdict of guilty. A sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment with hard labor was imposed. A pleasant gathering wa3 hold last night at ths Buck’s Hoed hotel, when a presentation was made to Dotoctivo G. L. M'Fherson as a mark of the esteem in which he is held in Bal larat. Mr M’Kay occupied the chair, and amongst those present were Crs I. Pearce and J. H. Poady. Messrs G. Webb, L. Reiffel, G. King, J.P.. J. Sayers, Fraser, W. L. Foster, C. Heinz, Dr Salmon; representatives of the police from tho City, Ballarat Ea3t, Buogaroa, aud Sab <stnpol, and many others. Apologies for absence wore received from Messrs W. D. M’Kee, A. Fnsor, H. Joseph*, J. Tyler, Ser geant Boyce, A. Miller, and other*. Mr M’Kay, in a eulogistic Rpeecb, proposed De tective M'Phereon’s health, and presented him with a purse of sovereigns, an illuminated address, and a hnndsomo album, the gifts of his numerous friends in Ballarat. Tbe toast w is spoken to by a large number of the gentle men present, who were unanimons in express ing tho highest opinion of tho integrity and other excellent qualities of the guest of the evening. Mr M’Pherson feelingly responded, and heartily thanked the subscribers for their handsome testimonials. So.-oral other toasts were homir-d, and the gathering throughout was of a most enjoyable character. Ths text of the address lia3 already been published in Ths Star. The companies of the 3rd Battalion Infantry Brigade will be paid this evening at the Orderly Room at 8 o’clock. A half-caste, named Edward Reddall, wa3 brought up at the City Police Court yester day, on three charged of having obtained goods by means of false pretences. In each : ca*e tho person victimised was a hotelkeeper, whom the prisonor induced to trust him by tolling him a plausible story, to the effect tnat he bad been working for a long time on Sir Samuol Wilson's station, and had received a cheque for £l3O, which he’ had paid into the bank, but was unab'e to get cashed until the next day. Evidence in support of tho charges was given by Robert Miller, licensee of the Caledonian hotel, from whom accused nb i tained goods to the value of 7s; John Win. Andrew*, of tha Bunch of Grapes hotel, who supplied good3 and money to the Value of 7s 6d; and John Dean, of the Prince Regent hotel, who supplied goods to tho value of 83. Tli9 prisoner, who was released from tbe Castlemaine gaol last wook, after serving a sentence of six months for a similar offence, was ordered to be imprisoned for three months on each charge. Constable Rogerson, who arrested the prisoner, conducted the prosecu tion. Reference is made in the half-yearly report of the Amalgamated Miners’ Association to the Amended Mines Bill which is shortly to be presented to Parliament, and emphasis is laid on the necessity for alteration in respect to the tribute and contract systems’now in operation on the various goldfields. The subject is receiving special attention at tbe hand3 of tho executive of the association, and representations are to be made to the Legis lature with a view to the adoption of changes which are deemed to be desirable. To this end branchos are advised to give tho bill careful consideration, in order to submit re commendations to tho council. A mooting of the committee of the Ballarat Farmers’ Defence League was held at tho se cretary’s office. Dovoton street, on Saturday last. Very eucouraging report* were hmded in a* to the enrolment of membors, and the committeo feel satisfied that the success of the league is now a*surod, and advise those who intend becoming members to at once send in their name* to any of the committeemen or the hon. secretary. William Nicholson appealed to Judge Gaunt in the Court of General Sessions yes terday against the order of the justices of the Town Police Court in an notion for mainten ance brought by hi3 wife, Harriet Jane Nichol son. Mr Barrott appeared for the appellant and Mr Tuthill for the respondent. The ca=e was heard in the Town Police Court on the 29th June, and an order for payment of 7.* fid per week for tho sn'pport of his wife was made against Nicholson. The justices, however, declined to mako any order for tho mainten ance of her two children, on the grounds that her husband was willing to take them away and provido a home for them. The man and woman were married in Ballarat in 18G7, and lived together until last Easter. Then they quarrelled concerning the action of Mrs Nicholson in ontertaining a number of guests at the house. On Wednesday, the Bth April, Nicholson removed nearly the whole of tbe furniture, and since that date had lived at a wine shop in Peel street, refusing, until the order was made, to support bis wife. She was rendered destitute, and bad to subsist upon a sum of 4s per week, earned by one of the children, and her own scanty earnings. In eross-examination she denied having with her guo3ts beat her husband and thrust him from the hbn*e, and she denied- having lived ex travagantly. In answer to a question by Judge Gaunt, Nicholson s.iid he was prepared to provide a home- for his wife'again’ if she would consent to live with him. To this pro position the woman demurred, but his Honor pointed out that according to law a wife wa3 | bonnd to accept a provision thus mads for j her. After some argnment she consented to acoept Nioholson’s offer, and in response to. his Honor Nicholson stated he would re. I famish and return to his former home at once. He, however, objected to the presence of'the people concerning whom he and hig. wife had quarrelled. Under the circam stances his Honor deeidbd to adjourn the further hearing of the appeal until the nett, sessions, and added that if Nicholson carried out his promise in the meantime he would then quash the justices’ order. No costs wero allowed. The South street competition advanced another stage yesterday, when 77 competitors took part daring the day. At the afternoon cession Mr E. Scarborough presided, and in the evening Cr Alex. Bell took the chair. Ms Geo. Peake adjudicated. The playing and vocal music wa3 good, and the contest keen. The competition will he continued this afterl noon and evening. At the afternoon session the piano solo (under 14) will be taken, com mencing at 1 o’clock, for which there are 73 . competitors; and in the evening, at 7.20, the following will be the numbers Violin solo (under 13), 16 competitors; mezzo-soprano solo 10 competitors; and piano solo (open to all)’ 6 competitors. One hundred and five com petitors will take part this afternoon and evening. The ctiarge for admission is Gd. It is reported that the Hon. D. Ham M. who is at preseut in Queensland, ig somewhat severely indisposed. At the City Police Court yesterday, two young men named Charles O’Farrell and Andrew Mahoney were each charged with having refused to quit the licensed premises of the Australian Arms hotel when requested to do so by the landlord, Mr M. Cuskey. O’Farrell was further charged with having resisted the police and wilfnlly damaged pro perty valued at 103. Senior-Con3table Knox conducted the prosecution, and requested the magistrates, in the event of their considering | the charges proved against the defendants, to ' inflict exemplary penalties. Mr Cnskey stated that on the previous night, shortly after 11 o’clock, the defendants came to his hotel. At closing time he requested them to leave, but they refu-ed to do so, and behaved in a dis graceful manner. O’Farrell nsed very bad languiga in the presenco of Mr3 Cuskey, and wilfully destroyed several articles in the bar. The police w-re sent for, and Senior-Constable Knox and Constable O’Donnell arrested tba two men. The senior-constable 3tated that oa the w iy to the watchhouse O'F.irrell begged to be released, and on his request being refused he resisted and attempted to trip Knor. The licensed had nothing to say in extenuation oE their conduct. The bench fined Mahoney £3 lor. refusing to qnit tbo premises, and O’Far rell for the same offence was fined £5. For resisting the police O'F.irrell was farther fined £2, and for wilfnlly damaging property £l, and was ordered to pay lus damages. Mr John Anderson, who has for the last six years been disponser at the Ballarat Hospital, and who retires from the position to-day to commence business at Nhill, was ye3t»rday the recmiant of presentations from the officers and staff of the Ballarat Hospital. The offi cers of the institution presented him with a set of silver-mounted carvers; the sisters with a handsome hot water kettle; the nurses with a silver tea pot; the female working staff with a silver biscuit barrel; and the male working stiff with silver-mounted pickle jars. Mr Anderson, who will bo presented with an illnmioared address from the committee this morning, will be married at the Ebenezer Church to-day to Mi-s Jennio Smyth, daughter of Mr W. Smyth, of this city. Information was forwarded to th 3 superin tendent of police yesterday that a Oliiniman named Ah Nang had been found do id in his hut at Mount Misery, near Capa Clair, oa Sunday last. The deceased was over 60 years of age, and had no relatives in the colony. An enquiry was hold by Mr M’Taggart, J.P., and a verdict wa3 returned that death was dne to starvation. Tbo only food found in the hat wa« a few potatoes. The annual meeting of tho Ballarat Exhibi. tion Commission will be bald on Thursday night. An entertaining concert was given in the B irkly sreet Wosleyan Lecture Hull last night by the members of the ohoir in aid of the choir fund. The programme, which was as follow-, w.ia evidently highly appreciated:— Pianoforte duet, “Fairy queen,” Mi-sas E. Nettle aod L. Johns: eloe, “S veet Marden bells,” choir; song, “Death of Nelson,” Mr J. Wnolaock; duet, “How sad it is to say fare well,” Misses J. and A. Sansuin; song, “ Shadowland,” Miss G. Williams; doubla qnartetne, “Evening,” Messrs J. and W. Woolcoek, Hill, Morcom, Parker, T. John3, T. C ougoy, and Borlaso: song, “Why must we soy good-bye?” Mr E. Parker: flute solo, “Adelia,” Mr T. Ooie; song, “ Shepherd of the fold,” Mrs E. James; recitation, “Mr Candle lends the family umbrella,” Miss J. San-nm; song, “La favorita,” Mr W. T. Bo3senC'.; male part song, “ Come where my love lies dreaming,” solo Mr J. Woolcoek, Messrs Morcom, Parker, W. Woolcoek, Opie, Hall, and Borlaso; 3ong, “ Call me book,” Miss N. Lujg; tickling trio, Messrs E. Parker, Hall, an I Crongey; song, “ Tar’s farewell,” Mr T. Johns: duet, “ Army and navy,” Messrs Woolcoek .nd 80-sence; glee, “ Wee baby,” ch ir. Mr T. Opie acted as conductor and Mr W. T. B 'ssenco as pianist. The appointmont of two representatives on the Bailarat Water Commission will coma -b 'foro ihe Town Council at the meeting oa Frid <y next. According to the system of rot >t on, Crs J. N. Dunn and J. H. Peaay will receive the appointments. A youth, named George Britnell, wa3 chirged at the Town Police Court yesterday with having b havod in an insulting manner in Eureka street on the previous evening. Seig-ant Boyco, who conducted the prosecu tion, told iho bench that the accused bad been c.ught acting tho part of a ghost, to the danger oi a number of persons. Mr Penhal luriack govo ovidenco of having seen a ghostly object near some pine tree3, and ha made an unsuccessful attempt to catch hold of it. C nistablo M’Grath said ho was in formed of what was going on in Eureka street, and proceeding there he caught the accused, who had in his possession a tin and candles, .which ware used to frighten people. Com plaints had been made of the conduct of a number of boys in that neighborhood, and women and girls were almost afraid to go onfc alone. Const tble Austin gave corroborative evidence. The defendant’s father stated that his son bad been shown a doll’s head illnmin ated by means of a candle light, and he made a man's ho id in tin, and, with other lad3, took it in the sireot, as they thought, for a joke, without any intention of frightening people. The bench, consisting of Messrs Pearce, Turpie, and Josephs, j’s.P., commented upon the serious effects that might ensue from practising jokes of that kind, and imposed a fine of £2, or, in default, 11 days’ imprison ment. A enmmons will be issued against a companion of young Britooll, who was with him on the night mentioned. At the moating of the Town Council on Fri* day noxt Cr J. N. Dnnu will move, “That the clerk of works prepare and bring up a plan of improving the Eastern Oval for tha bettor ncc imm idation of tho people attending tho ground. Snell improvements to include nising the levol of tho ground alongside Ebden street so that spectators can view tba sports with ease and comfort; also the cost of providing shelter from the weather for at least 2500 persons.” In tha Court of General Sessions yesterday the case of Loni-a Lashbrook v Walter Martin wa3 br iuzhr. under tho notice of Judge Gaunt by Mr F. H. Tuthill. The action was one for maioten mce, and wa3 heard in tha Town Police Court a few weok3 ago, when an order was made against Martin. Notice of appeal was given, and served npon the plaintiff’s attor ney, bat tho action ended at that stage, and no appeal was listed for hearing yesterday. Mr Tutiiill received no nntico countermanding that previon-ly nerved, and therefore wa3 pre pared 1 1 proceed with the respondent’s case yesterday. Ho pointed out these facts to his Honor, and added that he had six witnesses in attendance, all of whom had come from a dis tance of 13 miles or thereabouts. He applied for costs arainst Martin, and his Honor awarded £lO 10s. It has been arranged that the annual meet ing of the Orphan Asylum, whiob is to take place on Thnr.-day, 30th instant, shall bo held in tho Trades’ H ill. The retiring memborß of oommittee are Me-srs Dunn, Gale, Pearce, Richards, Harvey, Retallack, -Cathcart, end Kline. At the meeting of the committeo la3t night., it was d-oidod that the poll should be opened at 7 o’clock p.m. and closo at 9.30 p.nW Attention is called to tho compulsory clear* ing sale in the assigned estate of T. Kift, 1“ Start street, whose large and varied stock, consisting of art paperhangings. mouldings, artists’ materials, dry colors, brushes, arti3t3 studies, and fancy goods, &c.;, will bo sacrificed at e n y cost. A small boy who openod an account at a pastrycook’s for tho supply of tarts, lollies, and other delic-icies, was responsible for bi3 father being summoned to the City Court yesterday by tho confectioner, who claimed 6s lid. The complainant swore that when be supplied the goods he believed that they were for the nse of the boy’s parents. The defen* dant entirely repudiated the transaction, and the bench dismissed the case, but as they con sidered that carelessness had been shown by both the complainant and the defendant they refused to allow costs. Messrs N. Wanlh® and T. Mann represented tho respective parties. The court to revise the voters’ lists for tbc south, central, and north wards of the city will be hold at the council chambera on tbc 23rd inst. at 2 o’clock p.m. When the Court of General Sessions wsS opened yesterday Mr Adam Clinton sought to bs excused from attendance as a juror. T“® grounds of his application wore that he was a mining manager, and was required at a mme 200 miles from Ballarat. In answer to ques tions, he admitted that ho had received hts subpoena in Ballarat. His Honor Jndge Gaunt observed that if he were excused Mr Clinton conld not reach the mine that day, and he-added that had Mr Clinton accepted the summons and remained at hiß mine the excuse would have held good. Under the cir cumstances he declined to excuse the juror.- George Shepherd, Abraham Greenwood, and James Curtis were eicused, the first-mentioned two on account of their absence from tbo colony and the last on account of illness. Thomaß Greenhalgh, 26 years old, of Raglan street, was treated at the hospital yesterday for a lacerated wonnd on the wrist, caused by the slipping of a saw which he was ÜBing. Messrs Permewan and Coltmsn, J’s.P., pre sided at the City Police Court yesterday. Two swogmen who had been arrested for drunken ness in Ballarat North wore discharged on promising to at once leave the town. A young man named Alfred M'Phail, who had been on remand for a week on a oharge of drunken ness, was further remanded for seven days, as the gaol doctor stated that he was not fit to be discharged. Four trnanoy cases were dealt with and fines imposed ranging from 5s to Is. A number of debt oaßes were also disposed of. The resignation of Dr Woinarski aa a member of the honorary medical staff in con nection with the Ballarat Orphan Asylum, was received at the meeting of the committee last night. It was decided to accept the resignation with regret, and to forward a letter to Dr Woinarski, thanking him for his past services, and to'recommend to the annnnl meeting that Dr Woinarski’s name be placed on the list of honorary consulting-physicians. Tho Licensing Court will be commenced at 10 o’clock this morning, after which the busi ness of the Connty Court will be proceeded with. At the monthly meeting of the Orphan Asylum Committee last night, Mr C. B. Retallack, who was unanimously elected a member of the committee at the last meeting, was introduced by Mr W. Scott, who ex pressed himself as highly gratified by tbe fact that a gentleman of Mr Retallack’s ability and influence had joined the committee. Mr J. Phillips cordially welcomed Mr Retallack, who warmly returned thanks. At the Town Police Court yesterday two persons were dealt with on charges of drun kenness. The case of Morphew v Maloney, for insulting behaviour, as well as a cross summons for assault, were struck ont, as a settlement had been effected. Mr C. Parry, who so ably sustained the part of the Bailee in tbe recent production of “ Lea Cloches de Corneville ’’ by the Ballarat Amateur Opera Company, left for Johannes burg on Monday night. A large number of his friends assembled at the Western station to take leave of and convey good wishes to him. A missionary meeting was held at the Eyre Btreet Primitive Methodist Church last night. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. Messrs Bride Barber, Madsen, and others. The barque Hannah Nicholson, from Kai para to Adelaide, timber laden, sailed into Port Jackson on Monday, having had a severe battle with wind and sea. She started from Kaipara on 18th June, and had moderate weather until the 22nd, but on that day a heavy gale was enconutered. The vessel was hove to, but the wind increased in hurricane force. She was then clean swept by the seas. Nearly all her deck cargo of timber was turn away from its lashings, and next day had to be jettisoned, as it was floating abont to tbe danger of the lives of the crow. On the 21th the weather moderated, when it waß fonnd th 6 vessel was making water freely. It was de cided then to make for Sydney. The vessel had 160,000 feet of kauri below, and 26,000 feet above decks. Of thiß latter, all but 10,000 feet was washed away. A circular has been forwarded to the various municipal councils by the Port Fairy conncil, soliciting subscriptions to defray the heavy legal expenses incurred by Mr Ireland, mayor of Port Fairy, in connection with tbo action recently decided against him for an infringe ment of the Local Government Act. Mr Ire land haß appealed to the Governor in Conncil to refund the penalties, amounting to .£3400, imposed, and it is anticipated that this will be done, bat tbe costs incurred in defending tbe action in the Supreme Court were necessarily very large. 