'FAREWELL TO REV.'Mb MAY. = A" Brilliant Gathering. The fact that the Rev. J. E. F. May, M. A., Vicar of St. John's Chnrch, Avoca, had applied for removal from this district owing to the harsh and unkind manner in whioh ho had been treated by some of the member of tlio Chtiroh since liie arrival, causod consider- able regret amongst tne loyni tnemDors 01 tlio Church, and they determined that ho ehouid not leave without a fitting send-off. This it was arranged should take the form of a Frnit Soiree, in tho Shire Hall, and wo are very pleased indeed to say that tho Hall was on Wedneadoy night filled with ladies and gentlemen, sssemblod from Avoca, Lex- ten, Amphitheatre, Moonambel, Homcbush, Peroydale and other places, anxious to show tho great regard nnd esteem in which thoy held both Mr nnd Mrs May. Tho Hall was decorated in a moat elabor ate manner with art muslin, curtains, niir- rorR, evergreens, Chineso lanterns aorl fiagH, arid certainly tho interior of tlio building has nevor looked so woll, nnd gront credit is un doubtedly duo to Miss Edna Swoot and Mips Etbal Swcot for the taste they diplnyod in carrying our tho decorations. They were ably assisted By otlieis, but to them is cer tainly due tho nico nppoarsnco of tho Hall. Furniture was lent by many members of the Church, and tho smnll tables about tho Hall, containing, an unlimited supply of fruit, added greatly to tlio picturosquenoss oE the scene. Tho smiling and happy faces of ono and all made tho sccno ono to be long re membered, and altogother it was tho most brilliant send off that any minister has rc- coivo.l from tho peoplo of Avoca. Allolassps joined in, of course, with tho exception of ono class— the ono that lias caused Mr May's departure. . Mr T. D. Nicliolls, of Lextoo, ns oontor "Warden of tho. Church, was asked to preside and did so in a manner that showed' ho was peculiarly adapted, for tlio position. Io open ing tho proceedings ho stated that tho meet ing was a most unique one, being as it was a farewell to Mr Mny, a pastor thoy all loved and esteemed, and a welcome to his successor, Mr Goor. It was unique inasmuch as thoy parted with Mr May uuder circiimstancoB of a painful nature, and at tho satno time and with tho same breath they find to bid hearty welcome to Mr Goer, who from all accounts will ably fill tlio departing Vicar's placo. As there were a numbor of soogB and other itoms on the programme and he had some re marks to make with roferonco to the fare well, ho would prooeod without delay with the programme. Ho then aallod upon Mr Straiten, of Maryborough, to render tho song, ' The, Red CrosB Banner,' which that gentleman did in a really first-class mannor and was loudly applauded. Miss Paten recited ' Hcovo Up' in her usual ablo manner, holding tho audience spell-bound to the finish, when she was warmly applauded. Mis Brooks sang '' Tho Old Look' excel lently, and lteB: never, wo think, been heard to bettor advuntago. Tho peoplo evi dently were of the same opinion. ;. Mr Nicliolls then said that tho. daly pf bidding fnrewoll to Mf-Muy was tho next on. tho list, and ho was very sorry (hat it hud ;hoen confided to him. -On hohalf of thp pnrishionora. ho could only say they re gretted mnst siricercly thoir respected Vicar's resignation .froiri "his charge. It wnaooe lie wsb sure of great sacrifice to Mr May and lo his people.'- 'It was pair.fttl to think there should hnro been'' any' friction in the parish loadipg. to Mr, May's departure, , Tho Vicar had acted in a very christian spirit all through, and liad- given way a lot. Ho know this for ho' had never been under the hands of. a finor man. than Mr. May. His rlaiivupniinna In A Vnnn nr./, T.nVfnn aa cwnll' us othor places were thoso of a learned titan, and wore highly appreciated by all who heard them. Tho people did not know tlio . worth of tho Vicar they were losing ; no man could take a deeper interest in his church or be more earnest in his work. It was with. deep, feeling, not only from him self but from the whole of the people in tlie district wlio knew Mr May that I10 wished that God may spoed bim in his nobla work, and that every success attend him in any parish of . which he may havo charge (loud and continued applause).' Tlio Rev. J. E. F. May, on rising to respond was warmly applauded. He stated that he could not bo a hypocrite, and consequently ho must toll the pooplo that he was leaving this district somewhat broken hearted. The sceno reminded him of a similar ono, ton yeara ago, tendered to him at Ballan. During tho five years ho was in chargo of that parish ho, had not a single trouble. It was his first love, and there ho had met his wife, and as a re sult it was the niost pleasant five years of his life. Now that lie was getting reld and crabbed ho had to 'go away, as evi dently soma one must fall out with htm or I10 with them. All tlio trouble that had arisen was', lie bolioved, duo to mis- understanding and /misrepresentation, but still lie had, something to be thankful for evon irom tne trouble. JLl showed turn lie had as good friends in tlio neighborhood, as lie _ ovor had anywhere. At Lexton, Amphitheatre, Homebuah and Moonambel bo bad a vory great deal to be thankful for,' but nt Avoca, though ho hod many friends and helpers, he had all along a hard buttlo tlio fight. - .It was not altogether his fault that .such was tho cass as tho battle bogan before ho arrived. Thoro was from I lie eommerioement a determination to fight ngainst.him, and this had boon oausod through nothiag but projtidioo. The battle bad brought to his aid most loyal friends, First and foremost tho Bishop of Baliarat, who hud been most kind and helped him in every way, then Archdoacon, now Bishop, Cooper, had como to hie assistance, and lastly that noblo man Archdoacon Allnut had' como to help him when the battlo was ot his hardast, but all these good friends proved of no avail against those who had taken tho prejudico against him. Ho could simply suy that their calling him High Church was most peculiar, He had uovor mado the slightest pretension towards suoli a state, but a certain class seemed to bo im- bued with the idea tbat ho was. Thoy had sono against him and did not try to havo patience with him. They did not try to find him out and givo him fuir play. A wave of madness seemod lo go over some peoplo, and thoy evidently thought he was Beelzebub or some one similar. They were quite right in tho notion thoy had takon if thojr did think ho was Beelzobtib, but otherwise thoy wero not. He regretted vory much loaviog Avooo, but he could not stay and sco tho empty bcncheB in tho ohurch. Thoy followed him about like a ghost and havo him a hcartacho. Before coming to tho meeting that evening ho had asked God to givo him a word, and ho would toll thorn what that word was. He opened his prayor book and there saw the words ' It is mino own Infirmity.' He asked thu peoplo to re- membor tboBo words and lay all the blame on him The wholo aim and objoot of bis leaving' was that all ill feeling should be put away, and tho member of tho Church work hand and hrart togethor as thoy had done before lie came. As long ns ill-fooling oxisted they could not draw closo to God, and therefore tho sooner the cauau of such fooling wu6 removed the bettor. It had boon "—i5. 1. . _ , ' ""a said that ' Urikindnoes wasz tho cardinal" sin,' but upon "tliat subject he did not wi»h to dwell. He had hoped to have his bone laid in tho Avoca cemetery, but, alas h« found that be had to go away and do new work in another district. He trusted that bis successor, the Rev. W. H. Goer would do woll and start tho year woll ; that wa ' his earnest prayer. Ho hoped that thev woold all part as friends, and that there 1 would bo no unkind feeling townrdg i|,ns! who they might think had done wrong but that they would como togother ; that tho.. I who had left tho Church would come bach ' nod work as nobly in tho future for tho 1 church as they had dono before thoy loft fe Ho would like to see it made a rule hoi I) henceforth nnyone in Avoca who used thn I words ' High Church' or Low Church ' 1 should piitsomething in the missionary bot 1 He thanked tho Vestry, Sunday School I teachers, choir and last hut not least the i Press, which supported him in nvory way and i backed him up in o noblo mannor. Hani.." I had lo thank tho Rev. Mr Sohofiold. of thn I Wosloyan Church for tho assistance he had I given him, (applause) . i Mr Nicholls after calling for hoorlj I acclamation for Mr and Mr May and th audience responding with a will, 8ajd ,1"? | ono of the great objootione to Mr Ma» , was that ho intotferod in church matl.,/ I Ho (the Speaker) dosirod to take atlfantacn' 1 of tho opportunity to publicly deny and 1 I flat y contradict everything that had besn Pi said in that way. As ono of tho Commhinn i- he could affirm that Mr May nover intn, I I ferod in church matters and nover sought to 1 do 80. ' Tho Rev. G-. Sohofiold thankod «i« I members of tho Church of England 1 heartily for the kind invitation to be P presont, and ho was _ vory pleased t0 be jl there. Sinoo ho had becomo aennsinted H with Mr May ho had fonod him an er 1 cellent mun, nnd thoy had mot frequently" 1 daring tho past twelve months. Ho re W mem bored going to ths Church of Englaod" I ono Sunday morning about 14 montlm ago 1 to hear Mr May preach. Tho sermon was M baaed on tbo golden toxt ' Tho Prince of R! Penco," and wsb ono full of thought and I| instruction. Leaving tho church he bad B said to himself if that was rd indor of IP Mr May's sermons his people had muoh B to bo thankful for. He was personally IS sorry that Mr May was leaving for they had always got on splendidly together ffl and worked in harmony, and he know il that Avoon was losing a good and trna 111 man. (applause). On behalf of tho Wea- Pf leyan Churoli ho had very much ploae- Iff in giving giving tho Rov. Mr Geer, 11 Mr May's sncoosBor, a most hearty wol- R como. (applause). p| Mrs Towl tnog « Say An Revoir hut ' H not Goodbye,' in a mannor that wos much IIS appreciated, p| Miss Ethel Sweet rendered « Whisper B and I shall hour' in a docidodly pleasing ® manner nnd was warmly epplaudod. l|f| Mr Strahan sang ' Good Company' in a fllf manner that showed him to bo a vocalist Hi of ranch ability. || Mr Nicholls then exprestod tho great ifl pleasure it gave him to present to Mrs ifl May liie tokon of estoom and appreciation l|il before him. The people had decided (bat fjfr| that lady should have some mark of re- P g»rd from them. Mr May bad said (hit ? 1 Mrs, May was tlie jewol of his life. There B was rio doobt she had beon the jewol of the parish for tlio paBt 20 months and ho Kyi lady oould grace the Vicarngo hotter. It tf|! wa needless for him to talk, at leogth of Mrs May's good qualities, ns oho aad till jlli knew lior to he'one of tlie kindest and H tnosl noble wonion in the district, (ap- f plnuie). . Ho . then : presented that Isdy |! vvitn a . . beautiful silvor.'ogg. sluud 'nud v. silver and crown derby oltina butter dish |||| (both artieloB camo from 'Mr Chellew'a 8 ostablishriiont and reflected much credit ||f| thereon.) g® I he ltqv.' Mr May. on behalf of Mrs May, thanked1 the people moBt gratefully s for their handsome present. Slie had % striven to do Iter best for the Church, ths a Sunday school, tho Ladies' Benoveloot « Society und: every thing she had been oon- 2 nected -with.' He hoped Mrs Mny would |j| bo aB much esteemed in Duoolly as she was in Avoca, in fact ho felt sure she if would. Ho was proud that hi wifo had M taken an activo interest in tho Ladies' S Bonovolont Socioty, as he considered that « an ; institution of the vory best kind. 11 Onqo more thanking nil on behalf of Mrs |j| May, for their kintlnoss, I10 wished ono j|| anil Ml prosperity, (applause). in Miss Cornell gave tho reoitation ' Aunt ffl Tabiiha' in a manner that at once msdo ||| her decidedly popular. ©I Mr Strahan fnvorod tho company with 0 another song _ ' Tbo Englishman,' in 'M thoroughly finished manner, Miss Bmoks end Miss Ethel Swoot m sang tho duet 'Life's Dream is O'er' and wore heartily applauded. H Mr Nicholls followod by, on behalf of If the vestry and parishioners, extending lo |S the Rov. W. H. Geer a oordisl wolcoms to tlio Parish. Ho ub a ohurehmsn would give him his hoarty support, and eoujd m assure him that he would always remain | loyal to the appointment made by tlio g Bishop, (hoar hear). | The Rev. W. H. Geer thankod tho | peeplo for tho wolcotno accorded him. It | muBt he knew bo painful for them to part - \vith Mr May. He had known their viear for many years, and tho more he know of him' the moro ho respooted him; At Ballan ho had doao a groat and _ good work, and as he went on through his life lie was found lo be tho more sound and thorough. It was very poculiHr H'af ! (tho Spoaker) should bo bo woll acquainted | with the lato pastor and also know _51c i Bull. lie had gooo to sohool with bim, and some yeara ago when passing through Avoca, had tho pleasure of spending a night with him. Ho oould not help | thinking then what a beautiful place | Avoca was, nnd when ho know the other K| day that he was coming hero, all "is « peoplo told him that he was going amongst |g a very kindly pooplo, in fact that wit® m tho namo Avooa had all through tho <jio- cose. All must, however, pull ll for tho welfare of the ohurcn. Tbo lilt) 3 taught that God was no respecter of per- 1 sons, and God's ministers Bliould toitow j the rama Una. ft would bo hlB endesv T to care for all, the' poor aa well no J rich, and ho hoped to bo jasc as etten 1 to tho ono as the other. A.11 hwl aa 7..' olaim on him, and therefore ho knew „y ho need not ask them to givo ) support, as ho knew thoy would, (cnoe ; The Choir sang God be with you, sua >, tho Rev. Mr May having pronounce | ' Bonodiotion' tho proeeodings closoa. Tho ordinary votes of thanks wore ponsod with, owing to tho lateness or hour, but tho Vestry desire to thank all J. Miss Swoot and Mrs Strahan alcd I aceompanisls, nnd 11 word of thanks 19 Mr Soour, who tuned tho piano freo ot , . for the oeoasion. / Clarke's World- faued Blood Mixtube - is a guaranteed euro for all Bloud nnu Diseases. .It is tho most searching , cleanser over discovered, and it will tre j syston, fiom all impucities from r | jaitso arising. For Scrofula, Souyvy. "0 — | . Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all »' ' n> Vj effocts are marvellouB. Tlnusnnds ot | Jcrful oureB havo boon uffeoted by 1 0« i,;t| every whero at 2s 9d per bottlo. " J woiihlosa imitations. J 