LADY TURPIN. BY HEXRY HERMAN, Author of "His Anjrel," "Eagle Joe," "Scarlet Fortune, &c.;,&c.;, and part author of "The Silver King." CHAPTER XV. A RAID OS THE CAi'E FLON\ Endalie Verpoint, the adventuress, had loot her habitual coolness hince Ehe had learned that she had a heart. She was no longer the cold and calculating woman who lived only to commit crime and then to skilfully obliterate its trac&s.; She had tricked and entrapped Gerald Theveney, and then, like the fowler who is caught in his own snare, she had fallen in love with him. It was nat merely his (food looks that now attracted her; of hfa position in the world she had ceased to think. She no longer considered him as a prev, as a stake to be played for and won if possible, but as the lord of her heart, the man whom she loved better than life itself. Very weak of her, PER- HAPS but AS WE know *' Women arc not In their best fortunes stronK." But when a woman loves, as Endalie Verpoint did, we all know they are weak indeed- And the girl lived in a. oouEtant terror, the terror of oeinp found out. Gerald had oeen only too glad to take her at her own valuation—a beautiful girl, a lady, well educated, of good position, of his own social rank. But tie time might come when Gerald would mako enquiries which it would be awkward to answer, enquiries which would have to be met by liea. It is very easy to tell a lie, but to build up a whole structure of lies needs geaius, particularly if they are not to bo foirnd out. And Endalie had grown weary of lying to the man she loved, simply because she loved him to, and when the trim parlourmaid came into the drawing-room after lunch with a telegram npou her little salver Endalie's fingers trembled as she took it up, and the girl's face flushed slightly with fear. But a bappy smile overspread her handsame face ae sjie revi its contents. '' There's no answer, EUen, "she said. . And then, as the girl left the room, she turned to the clock. " Hell he here in half mi hour,' she thought. And than she looked once more at the little bit of pinkish paper. " Ploaae Wait at homo for me. I am coming to bring you great good news at half-past 2—G." . "GoodLuewB!" thought Endalie. "Haoan have no pther good news to tell me than thai it is possible to hasten our marriage. Oh, that it were onoe over, and that I dared to tell him! Bat that can never be, for Gerald ia an honest man, and would spurn from him the woman who is nothing but a common thisf. But then lie loves me, and in that great love of his he maiy find pity—when I am his wife, but not before. But wili he ever forgive mo for cheating and deceiving him? Can I ever dare to tell him? No. That must be my very last I'esom-oa. Fortune has ncvor failai me yet, and surely the cup of happiness will not be dashed from my lips just ae it touches them. What can his good news be, I wonder? Perliaps, perhaps, ' she thought—and she became pale a« a ghost at the idea—"perhaps they cava come upon the traces of Winnie's jewels, and thus, he being placed above suspicion (for he may have fancied he was Buspocbod), ho looks upon that as great good news. No, it oan't be that." And then the well-known knock was heard at the outer door of the tlai, and Endalie, with a woman's instinct, took one look into the mirror, and pressing her blanched lips between her teeth, and seating herself in a graceful attitude, awaited the arrival of her lover. The door was flung- opera by Ellen, and Gerald, who, though dressed in solemn black, looked the picture of happiness, his face vrroathed in smiles, entered. "Dearest Endalie," he cried, "you can make me the happiest man in all the world, or the most miserable, for I caunot bear to part with yon, dear, oven for a single day. I can't, indeed, and I've got to leave London at onoe —that is to sav, within a week or two. And aye 1 or no, Enmilie, I want yon to make a sacrifice for me." " There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, GeraJd, nothing!" cried the girl. And there was & touch of pathetic solemnity in her voice, tor she meant what she said, and the words t&xne; from her heart. And then they kissed each other as lovers do. • " And what's your a;reat pood news, Gerald?" ahe said. ." I'm burning to hear it." \- " Well, Fm made a post -captain, dear. Tm to have a quarter-deck of my own. We are going to start a house in Paris, and I'm to take charge of it It's promotion, I can tell jou; and they'wiere very nice about it, and said all wrts of charming things; and I should never have got it if it hadn't been for the poor old governor's death. Yon see, they think "Sir Gerald Theveney & Co.' will read well, and of course I can now put in a considerable amount of capital. And what's better still, it will be all under my own thumb, and I shan't be at the beck and call of old Malder Whattingham. And now I want you to do me a great favour. Endalie, I want you to consent to our immediate marriage. You see, the mere fact of my having to go away is the strongest of all possible reasons. Under ordinary circumstances, it conldn't have taken place for sis months at leasts' But now we can be quietly married, and we,can take a fortnight's honeymoon, and t&Bn; settle down in a little nest of our own in Paris. And all you have got to do, Endalie deer, is to say. yes, and then you'll make me the happiest fellow in all the world. You won't hesitate, Endalie? You won't refuse me? I've got my chanoe, and I shall never ha.ve such a big chance again. Why, •with luok in ten years' time, one needn't worry about business. I shall have made my pile, and we can come back and live at the Root's ^Nest, if we like. What do you say, darling? Dearest Endalie!" "Gerald,"'said the girl, "you know I can't refuse yon anything. I ought to blush when I the words, 'Ilove vow so that I can refuse you nothing.' But, Gerald, what will the world say? What will Lady Mexey - say? and your sister, too ! And oh, Gerald, my aunt's dreadfully particular ! She'll certainly make ail kinds of difficulties." "Oh, for the matter of that, bother our sisters and our coosins and our aunts!" cried the young fellow enthusiastically. "We're both of age, Endalie, I suppose, though you don't Ipck it. I can buy a Bpecial licence, and we can be married any morning, and nobody need be .any the wiser." "Gerald, don't be ridiculous!" cried the girL " Yon might as well suggest a postchaise and four, and a marriage at Gretna Green. Fll talk to aunt, I can't say more, and you must be very nice with her and very firm, and say it's got to be, you know, and between us we shall talk her over. 1 " I'm not sure that the special licenoe and the marriage in the morning wouldn't be the best way, Endalie," criod the young fellow. "Your aunt's bound to make all kinds of diffieulties-^-aunts always do—and shell want to have the settlements. seen to, and that will take no end of time. Those lawyer fellows never will hurry." " I don't think that need take long, Gerald," said the girl softly, placing her hand in his. " When I marry yon, I trust you with myself, and if I can trust yon with myself, surely I can trust you with my property. !l " Of course you can, lift) le woman. Everything would be made fadr and square, and I daresay even lawyers might be got to hurry up under pressure." And then there was a little pause, aud pressing of hands, and the young people looked mti each other's eyes as young people do under such circumstances, and then Endalie, in a strangely serious tone, asked her affianced lover a very strange question. " Gerald/' she said, would you marrv me if T were a penniless girl? Tell me really. "Would i£inp Oophatua take the beggar maid?" "You know I would, dearest !" cried her lover. "You mean it, Gerald, don't you?" said the girl. " You really mean it?" "Indeed, indeed, my darling, I do," cried the infatuated youth. And he did mean it, because for him there was but one woman in all the world, and that one woman was-Endalie Verpoint. " Gerald," said the girl, and she looked at him with solemn eyes, " Gerald—— " She seemed about to speak ajrain, but she was silent. The impulse to confers everything to the man she loved better than life was strong. Had bhe really been a penniless girl she would, loving and trusting iiim as sha did, have confessed it then and there, behoving in the strength and truth of his affection. But she dared not. Her courage failed her at the last moment. She could not tell the man she loved the story, the shameful story, of her life of crime- " I was only trying your affection, Gerald," she said with a littlo laugh. " I don't think even the beggar maid could have heen a happier girl than I am now; and if I said all I think, Gerald, dear, and told you how happy I airij perhaps you might wish me more ooy and reticent. Ah, Gerald, I do so pray that nothing may come between us." " Come between us?" oried young Theveney. " Who or what could ever come between us? When I was a ruined man you came to my assidtanoe noblv. Do you think that I can ever forget that? f)o you think that I can ever forget that it was you who saved me from the consequences of my own monstrous folly? And folly's a mild word. I was more thau a fool; I was a criminal, well nigh a thief, for I was e^iilty of a breach of ti-ust. and knowmg th.i!, dear, yon live me and trust me still. Endalie, if ever there was an angel in this world it is you, love." "Ah, you say that because you haven't found me out," said the girl with a lau^h in which there was tho slightest tinge of bitterness. "If you only knew 1—ah, if you only knew !" (To be continued.) 