"An Australian Bush Track." [C O P Y R I G H T.] BY J. D. HENNESSEY, Author of "The Dis-Honorable," "Wynnum White's Wickedness," &c.; CHAPTER II. CAPTAIN COOK'S LETTER. Dinner at the Bungalow, as Hartley had modestly named his commodious bachelor residence; was an important function, and it was an hour and a half afterwards when the verandah chairs were again occupied, and the conversation resumed. "My special difficulty with this matter," said Sir Charles, laughing, "is this ancient blackfellow. I thought Australia was much too new for anything in the shape of super- stitious love. One expects when on the Rhine or anywhere else in Europe, to meet with lusty old goblins' and banshees, and wraiths, and goodness knows what ; but to have hoary old demon down Moreton Bay, dating to the time of Captain Cook, is enough to take one's breath away. Look here Buchanan,'I he said, placing his muscular white hand up- on the shoulder of the captain, a tall, gentle- manly man of four-and-twenty, 'we'll have to take Hartley's yacht and run down to Stoneham's, and get him to introduce us to 'Long Tom' and the Fishers of Moreton Bay !' ' 'You might not wish to go a second time,' laughed Hartley. 'Well, I don't want to doubt the evidence of my senses. Old gold coins and a genuine diamond are very tangible witness! but to have them mysteriously connected with a jolly old ghost with a phantom canoe, sup- posed to be seen cruising about Moreton Bay, is a pretty big thing for an agnostic like my - self to swallow.' The three men went inside at this, and Sir Charles lifted an ancient looking document up to the light. 'Ah !' he said, 'There's a 1767 watermark upon the paper. That favours the letter being genuine ; but with- out questioning the facts, they may all be attributed to natural causes. Cook was no doubt deceived. Singular disappearances of vessels through the sudden rising of mists, etc., are by no means uncommon at sea, and why not in the Bay. But read it out loud for us, Buchanan, and then we can discuss it further outside. The Captain drew a chair up to the table, and slowly read as follows : — H.M.S. 'Endeavour,' Off Cape Moreton, Australia, May 16th, 1770. Having met with a very remarkable inci- dent yesterday, the fifteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord, 1770, I feel it to be my duty to the possible future European in- habitants of this newly discovered continent, and also to his Gracious Majesty, King George the III., to place on record a true and circumstantial account of the singular and well-nigh incredible occurrence. We descried yesterday morning at day light a long stretch of low sand hills which terminated in a sand spit with a bluff rock on the foreshore. Rounding the cape we cast anchor in eight fathoms of water in a broad, shallow bay. I have named the former Cape Moreton, and the latter Moreton Bay. Later in the bay I moved the Endeavor farther to the south-east on which the Bay opened out, revealing a number of islands covered with green foliage, and also the mouth of a large creek or river. I went with the ship's long boat, accompanied by Mr. Green, our astro- nomer, and Mr. Banks, our botanist, and a picked crew, to explore some of the islands, in hope of adding to our collections of plants and animals, but being but partially successful we returned. I had been talking with the chief officer and Mr. Green upon the quarter deck when the former called my attention to a large native vessel, which seemed to have emerged from between the islands and was rapidly bearing down upon us. We all re- marked the unusual size of the craft. It was fitted with two masts, and carried large, triangular sails, seemingly constructed of some native cotton or grass, woven into cloth. There was high ornamental woodwork at prow and stern. It was now growing towards twilight and partly on account of this, but principally by reason of the sails and high wood; work of the prow and stern, it was impossible to count the number of the crew. Several natives were seen, however, and at the stern, guiding the vessel's course with a huge sweep, which answered for a helm, stood a native of stature and counten- ance never before met by us in these seas. They slackened sail as they drew nearer, and the boatswain, by my direction, hailed her, calling out "Ship ahoy ! what name ?" In reply, a clear, wild, ringing sound, came from the throat of the huge steersman, ' De Fushers" is the best interpretation I am able to give of the sound, which we all distinctly heard. I may say that Dr. Solander and Mr. Green both support my opinion ; but the second officer and others of the crew believe the words to have been "The Fishers" which is, on the face of the matter, most unlikely as although they might follow the calling of fishermen it is impossible they could have been acquainted with the English tongue. How- ever, having thus called out, the native suddenly turned and threw towards us one of their weapons of warfare, called, I believe by them a ''boomerang." It came whirling through the air with great force and seemed to have been purposely directed towards my- self and the group around me. It was sharpened upon the edges and the doctor narrowly escaped injury. Taking this to be an indication of hostile intention and indig- nant at the weapon being directed at myself, some of the marines fired small arms in the direction of the periagua. I regretted this, as I was anxious to maintain friendly rela- tions with the natives. But to our astonish- ment and consternation, immediately after the discharge of the firearms, we observed the native vessel to be gradually disappearing before our eyes. Many of the crew were watching from the ship's side, and a score of reliable witnesses are prepared to state, on oath, that she neither foundered nor was en- veloped in mist, but dissolved before our eyes into air. The final disappearance being ac- companied by a wild sad scream, that sounded like a repetition of the previously spoken words. This untoward event has, I regret to say, filled the crew with the gravest apprehension and alarm, and I confess that my own mind is not without misgivings as to what warning the phenomenon may have been intended to convey. The weapon falling on the deck is constructed of a dark wood, and on one side is covered with letters or symbols of a singular form. Whatever may be the language it is one that Dr. Solander, Joseph Banks, nor myself can in any way decipher. The crew generally regard it with super- stitious dread, and it has been hinted to me that it would relieve their feelings if I would throw it overboard. Indeed, some of them, I understand, aver that unless it is thrown out of the ship we shall be wrecked before getting clear of the Australian coast. How- ever, I shall not yield to them that far, but, partly to allay their fears, I have decided to have this statement, with an accurate draw- ing of the weapon and its inscribed characters attached, placed in a box and securely hidden or buried upon a small island of bright red soil, which can be discerned a few leagues from our anchorage. It will be represented to the sailors that the weapon or boomerang is in the box, which will lessen their fears, and in a few days, I hope, restore their equanimity. I intend to take the boomerang to Europe, in hope that its mysterious in- scriptons may be deciphered and interpreted by some learned man, to the elucidation of the mysterious phenomenon which at present is inexplicable and awe inspiring to all that witnessed it. Given under my hand and seal, this six- teenth day of May, in the year of our Lord, seventeen hundred and seventy. (Signed) JAMES COOK. Witness : JOSEPH BANKS. (To be Continued.) 