COMMERCIAL. C. JoCCMSEN reports on the produce \- market for the week ending March 28th, as ^follows : —Business fur the week has been ± moderate, aud produce has not arrived freely as usual. Maize was particularly scarce at the bediming of the week, and consequently it advanced in value, though this advance is not permanent. According to reports from the south, it will fcill con siderably during the coining week, as the /..?nn. ,,,»«? I,,;,,,, I being heavy, it is anticipated low prices will be ruling for some time. Potatoes are arriv ing from the south in large quantities, and have fallen in value. Onions are again advancing. Bran aud pollard remains as last week. Butter is plentiful, and cheese is a perfect glut. Eggs are very scarce. Poultry is coming to hand freely, and sells well, particularly roosters fit for the tabic. Chaff and sweet potatoes have also arrived, in fair supplies, hut the prices remain as | last week. Appended is the prices now paid for prime produce dess commission) : — Maize. Is 9d to 2s 8d : potatoes, £6 10s. to £ 7 ; sweet potatoes, -£3 to £3 10 ; pumpkins, £'2 10s to £4 ; chaff. £3 10s to £4 5 ; bran, £0 15s to £7 ; pollard. £7 : onions, £9 to £9 10s; bananas, 8s to 12s per 100 dozen; date plums, :3d to 6d per dozen ; butter, 5d to 7d per lb. ; cheese, 3d to 5£d ; bacon — local, 6d to 7d ; imported, 7d to 74d; eggs, Is 2d to Is 3d per dozen ; roosters, Is 2d to Is 6d each ; ducks, Is 6d to Is 9d ; gublers, 4s to H s ; sucking pigs, 4s 6d to 5s Cd ; fat calf, 7s to 8s; liides, 60 at 14-d per lb.; tallow, 12s to 14s per cwt. The quotation for hides and tallow is for a large consign ment for the Svdney market. The Holy Ghost flower, or Flor del ; Espiritu Santo, is found in the region of the I Isthmus of Panama. It seems to thrive in ! low, marshy spots, and springs up from , decayed logs or from crevices in the rocks. The larger and older bulbs frequently send up the leaf stalks six or seven feet in height and from these which are joined, broad lanceolated leaves are thrown out in pairs. The plant is an annual, and in June, July, and August the flower stalks start up from the base of the bulb, devoting all their energies to the formation -of the buds. The buds ure arranged on the stalks much like those of the hyacinth, the usual number for a well grown stalk to bear being from twelve to fifteen. The leaves are a very pale green in colour, as though in harmony with the delicate purity of the blossom. The blossom is of alabaster whiteness, much like the old-style English pulpit. This, of itself, is strikingly curious, but it fades into in significance when one Iooks,into the centre of that stranue blossom, for there, nest, lino in its very heart, is the perfect image of a dove. It requires no imagination to see it. No one could mistake it for anything else, for no human nkill could fashion its shape more perfectly, no artist could adorn it with more elegant tints, and no perfumer could endow it with a more delicate fragrance. Right in the cup of tho blossom, with the snow white canopy about it, rests this wondrous image, its delicately moulded wings drooping, half extended nf its side, its gold-tinted head bent slightly forward, and its tiny, crimson-tipped bill almost touching its snowy breast. An observer who saw it in its native home, says : ' Just as the figure of the dove itself is there, beyond dispute, so does an expression pervade the image, an expression that even the most careless cannot tail to notice, the incarnation oi uumuity anu spiritual purity. Some recent researches on the electric fish known as the torpedo ray have been made by Dr. D'Antonval. He covered the dorsal and ventral areas of a ray with two plates of tin, conductors from which were connected to a 10'Volt incandescent lamp. On disturbing the ray by pir.chir;g :tG fins with a dissecting ! piuc era, its diucLarge was Guineas to produce i iiio^iei.tiry illumination of the Imp** a very high. ic-u:z&ity.;—3ci&izijic; j Amcric-:r, 