— T H E — JfalgQQFllG JllinQT. PUBLISHED DAILY. THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896. Warden Davis's action in deciding that the residence areas which were to have been declared open for selection at the Boulder yesterday should be allotted by ballot deserves warm commendation. The scene at the ground yesterday morning is reported to have been of an extraordinary nature. Over 200 per sons were assembled ready to begin pegging the moment the formal declara tion was made, and even members of the fair sex, some with infants in arms, were present to join in the scramble for allotments. The gentleman whose duty it was to make the announcement at tempted to collect the motley gathering at one place, so that all might start from the same point, The number assembled was in excess of the number of areas, so that it appeared as if the affair were to be resolved into a foot race with residence areas as prizes. The men with the longest legs would thus be enabled to secure the choice corner blocks, while those with any defect in the lower limbs would not have a ghost of a chance of reaching any area in time. The swift-footed man might be a specu lator, who desired land purely for the purpose of disposing of it when it had risen in value through the exertions of the surrounding community whilst the decrepid or short legged man might be a truly deserving case and desirous of using the block for the object for which it was granted, viz., as a residence for himself and his family. This is surely not the best course to adopt as regards the allotment of resi dence areas in such cases, and yesterday morning the Government official on the ground apparently saw the absurdity of the position and the injustice the pro ceeding would occasion, so he postponed declaring tho ground open for selection. His endeavour to get the people as sembled together utterly failed, there being some persons who kept behind trees and otherwise tried to escape his notice. The eagerness that was dis played to get allotments was most in tense. In one instance when a false alarm was raised that the areas were declared open, one woman who carried a baby in one arm and a stick with an ap plication form tied round it in the other, dropped the infant behind a bush and rushed off to peg out an allotment. This may be very amusing, but it also has its pathetic side in the evidence of the severity of the struggle that some are required to make for the right to sufficient ground on which to make residences. There is no dearth of suit able land for areas, and enough should be made available for all in the gold flelds towns who are willing to comply with the conditions. The areas yester day were in some instances pegged out by half a dozen prospective owners, notwithstanding that the formal opening declaration has yet to be made. One evil associated with residence areas is the greed of speculative land grabbers. It is difficult to find a remedy, but in the case of the Boulder residence areas the Warden may do much in tho interest of persons who are worthy of blocks by ensuring that only such cases shall be entitled to the privilege of the ballet next Saturday. 