M WEEK IN THE SOUTH. IFBtlM OOB OWN COKREBrONDEUT.) HQBABlViriicReBiV.— In .nothing have mankind shown their waywardness so much ?? in religion. Originally posSL'tsml of a revelation from the Creator, they quickly forgot it. Gunk in vicious Indulgences, they do not even wish io' remember it, and ttislQaprobablcthat the great antediluvian apot&y; .jpas.mlheisin. It ti hanl to say whatlatter-day apostaoy is ia Hobart. Some come Hcndersonism, and othcrB Anderson iam whloh, niter all, is no iim at oil. There il a claBB of people here-=-not a par ticularly numerous class E— who are per petnally hankering alter something new In the shape of religion. As long as the new creed doesn't deny the existence of God, an4 has an:clemeut of Divine knowledge in It, they anseady to bits, Vhat are known as -otaarlaSairsHn religion readily siiuboldof these 'watts ana BtrayB of the churches. Individuals of this character may be clasBcd u waywards. Not until the wolf in sheep's clothing bites them, and biteB them hard, do they return to the fold and ask to bo taken boon brought np in a good scnBi of religion never give the creed of their forefathers the go*by. If they do they arc not worth a rap, and 41 tho .piratical religious wolf comes alotjg it Is ranch better that he should teke them;; Even at the best of times the pickings he ivould get off their bones would be very roar.1 Tho Corporation have decided to get the BnilMng Act amended, and with this end in view they hare passed for payment the sum of £20, Presumably this will go to the lawyers, who arc Bupposed to lie able to guarantee something watertight for the money. Some of tho tognaeB that are erected tn the city are a disgrace to the buil lore. They have been uonetracu-d iu direct oppo sition to the advancement of health interests. If the new Building Act only alien (bis un desirable state of things it will have accom plished some good. Dr. 8prott* tho newly-appointed medical *&d; sanitary officer, went into harness this week. lie asks for a fair field and no favor, and'it will be a very narrow-minded, chur lish being who will not grant him this con cession. It is not lo be expected that he will carry out hiB duties conscientiously without treading on BOmeonc's corns. Hobart is not the bed ol disease that a lot of people tr^tojmakeont that it is, It is not, how ever, perfect— far from pjrfcct, Ihc doctor will find a whole army of sunitary cathnsiasts advising him as to the course be should pursue. He is. how ever, square-beaded enough to give them a wide berth. Sanitarv cnthusinals have a beasUy knack of wrecking tlie craft they man just when the owner and the ?Upper are enjoying thcmsslvesin the cabin. To |nim them up shortly, they are bad tailors. U they chance to ehip one of the weaker sex the ehip is doomed. let anv one ask the Mayor if this is not correct. It was on Monday afternoon, an afternoon which appeared to be ruidc expressly to soit the purpose of the Major of Hobart, that lh-j Hon. John got up in the State chair and horrified Aldermen Seabrook and Bradlcv by telling tiem that he was going to have a rap at the chairwoman of the Women's Sanitary Association. Now, any one who knows the Mayor would read more in one twinkle of hiB eje than in twenty printed paragraphs. One of bis sighs or smiles wonld each be a little volume to the man of the world, morefuUof meaning than the thickest folio that scholar labored at. Alderman Seabrook did not know the Mayor as he should be known, and he tried to (top him. Then His Worship started 10 jrall np his muncipal aocks, and looked mournfullv at his colleague who had tried to curb' hiB power of speech. ' The lady who occupied the ohalr At that Sanliarr AEBaciaiion that you were at, Aldcimaa Saa'bvook, ivied lo b« little me and our city.' Then he paused and proceeded explosively, without losing in any way biB accustomed politeness, to give the chairwoman the biggest roasting down she had ever met with in the coarse of her public career. ' Yes,' said the Mayor in a sonorous, monrnfnl lone, ' when once people depart f ram the line of rectitude in sanitary matters there is no end of the incon venience. They pnt themselves in false and ridiculous positions, and tbev mislead and waste the time of the people' who come to listen to them.' Mrs Dabson won't apologise for breaking into the Mayor's ssnitsrv house, and His Worship won't forgive her until she does. Last week I promised to write a tale about a skeleton that had been found under the floor of the city lock-up. This is some years back, and one of the sergeants is responsible for the story, At one time of day the watchhouse was part of the old Government penitentiary, now the gaol, which then had some 2000 prisoners housed within its walls. When laying down the floor of the long room the bones of a human being wen found someme 3ft under the earth. Every effort was made to establish their identity, but without success. One would not have thought of the circumstance had not one of the inmates of the cell's stated the other evening that he was positive he saw a white-robed figure sailing about after midnight had struck. Theosophists have had the phenomenon brought under their notice, and they say that the skeleton has been reincarnated and has come back to this mundane sphere again to seek for information. The station sergeant, who doesn't believe in theosophy, says that the figure is a ghost. Well, perhaps it is. Now, whose ghost is it? The .Treasurer gaya bis long-promised lecture on 'federation on TueBJar Bir Philip has a happy knack of bniiding uj the wordy ediGce, and sometimes it g-?te to such a height that one has to be careful when fae gets under it, otuerviS' it might give bim a nasty knock. Those who attended Trinity School admitted that ther knew more of federation wheu thev 1, ft it than when they went in. But some of them wore ready to admit that tome of the figures baffled them. The speech was icstruciire to those who knew nothing about the federa tion problem, and one is quite positive tbat if required Sir Philip will repeat it. The month of tho Uobart Ilivulet, the 11 Valley of the shadow of death.' an some people call it, in aboul to bj cieine I oul. The Marine lijard and Curpuraiion will do the work jointly, and when H r Mijjftj'e will be able to boat up a section of the turgid, oboo.tioi.-s crock. By tbe way. Mrs Ucnrv Do^bou sa- s that the Admiral will not. Fojourn ia Tan'manian waUrsany more. Where she got her infor mation from one is not in a ucreition to sir i'ho Mayor has told Mra Dili's™ through! he' public printa ihal it the naval viiil-JM rion't like the Derwcntaud beautiful Hobart. tuev can leave it alone, and gj elsewhere Mrs Dor-sin bae i.rotnie:d to ttll the RalUot U-b whnt Mt Watchorn she. Uis Worship replies that it do;Fn't tronWe him what she tells, or whom she tells. Taking things on a whole in the city ther may be farmed quiet, and Ibire ia' evcrv promiBJ of an uneventful winter. The farmers liave a belter tale to tell, and minino iB beginning slowly, bnt snr.-ly. to look up. Them ia tio propped of a boom ', no ono expects one. The ,nnn who can pay hiB way and keep out ol .lent is iucky indeed. 