It is understood tbat tho general dis satisfaction which oxists at Dovonport regarding the adoption of the prin ciple of rating on the annual value of properties instead of on the oapital value is to - bo given expression through a meeting of tho ratepayers, a requisition with a view to that opportu nity being afforded, wo believe, being about to be presentod to the chairman of the looal governing body. If the meeting is held, those who have been instrumental in bringing about the change may bo expected to attend and defend it, when possibly some reasons more weighty than those bo far given may do aavancoa in support 01 (no new basis of assessment. The reasons so far advanced may havo been all- sufBoient for the members of the Town Board ; in faot, we may aBBnme that they were, for the members seem to have found less difficulty in sanc tioning tho radical ahango than they have often experienced in making a trilling appointment involving . tho expenditure of a few pounds of tho ratepayers' monoy. - The matter will also bo raised at the meeting of the board on Monday, one of the members having tabled a motion hBking for in formation under a variety of heads. The question has been mooted in our open column bb to whether tbo rate for this yoar oan be collected on the roll as framed, it being hold that it cannot on two grounds. Whether the contention is sound or not is for the lawyers to deoicie, and we aannot help thinking tbat it is a pity the board did not acoept the motion proposed Bt its lest meeting, that the question of the legality or otherwise of the rate pay able next month should be referred to tho board's solicitors for their opinion As regards one ground on ' which it iB contended that the rate oannot be colleoted, the ohairman road a olauso of the Town Boards Aot which may or may not meet the oaso. On matters nautical wo should put as high a value on Oaptain Holyman's word bb Hamlet did on that of. the ghost of bis father ; but when it oomes to the reading of an Aot of Parlia ment; and eaying to what extent a Baving clause will apply, we oonfess that wo would rather dopend on the diotum of a trained lawyer. Howaver, oonceding for a moment that the omission of oertain particulars from' the roll does not invalidate it it is not justice, if it is law, to tax people without affording them the riguc 01 appeal against tne assessment of their .properties. It may be hold that, prima faoie, those who did not appeal against the polioe roll when tllAV lmri ilia nnnnwlnvattv Itawn na. ltnowledged the fairness of their assess ment, and that those who did appeal and were unsuccessful have no ground for complaint Bat these contentions do not by Bny means cover the whole case from the point of view of justioe , and whether from' a legal standpoint they tqacb tbo location at all- is problematical. The question also arises whether, under olause 6 of "The Pro perty Valuation Aot Amendment Aoti 1605 (50 Vio, No. 22), power ia given to assess lands on their annual value. If it is, then it must be conceded that the olause, wbioh reads as follows, » a muai. ei&Biic; one:— The annual valeei of »ny buildings wliliin any town ond«r the "The Town Boards Act, 1891," may be tbe annual V 0 time properties es shown by the Valut Uq r0|| compiled noder tbe Property ValntUon Aot for the dlstrist in wbioh tbe town 1« situate. Now, there, la not a word here about "lands," and it seems to be a very liberal reading of the olause to say that "buildingB" and " lands V are convertible terms. No doubt when buildings are ereotod both land and buildings may be taxed on tbe annual value, bnt if it bad been intended tbat bare land, absolutely without structural improvements, Bbould come with this provision of tbe Act surely it would have been so stated. If it was the intention of Parliament to differentiate between lepds built on and those not built on it would Boem io bo a most unwise course, for obviously tho proverbial ooaoh and four oould bo driven through the awork of Parliament, praoftioally vaoaut lots being brought under the annual value provision by t the ex penditure- of a very few pounds. In faot, the whole business seems to be a.oomplete muddle, and it would bo to tho regret of no one, except tboso holding land in . the town for a rise, if,- nolens volens, tbo board had to fall back on last year's assessments for this year's rateB. 