LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. P 'Maria Corelll's new took, 'The Mighty 'Atom," A copy o£ which; reaches us from the publishers, Rutohlnson and Co. (through George Robertson nnd Co.), Is dedicated to "those self-styled 'Pro- eresslvlsts' who by precept and example assist aae iDiamous cause oi euucauon ywxuuul and who, by promoting the Idea, borrowed from Eheneh Atheism, of denying to the children. In board-schools and elsewhere the knowledge and Jove of God, and the true foundation of noble living, are guilty of a worse crime than murder." The splendid audacity of It! It positively takes one's breath away. It makes one almost pardon the shallow pretentiousness, the superficial reason ing — or, rather, unreasoning — of the story that follows — the story of a man-ohlld who was tor tured to death, not by the oold brutality of an nbsurdly unnatural father, not by the metaphy sical conundrums of his professor-tutor, but by doubts of a God of whom these were to his Infant mind the amiable representatives. And so the poor, sickly, unhappy little prig commits suicide because he asks for a kind, sympathetic sort of God, who won't bully and sneer at him (a sym pathetic puppy-dog would have been better than nothing in such a deadly household), and gets a njghtmare called a "Mighty Atom" that pursues !him when he ought to have been playing at mar bles, or coaxing the cook for sugar and butter to imake toffee. He dies, not for lack of God, but of craving for father and mother love. One point we concede to Marie Corelli. If want of Christianity produces men like Lionel's father, the sooner everybody gets it the better. ' Books of travel, from a naturalist's point of Mew, are apt to be — well, to put It frankly — "dry," except to the scholar, moving in a groove. Thus It falls out that the charm of the late Alfred Edward Brehm's "From North Pole to Equator" l(BIackle and Son) lies, for the general public, In what scientists would consider its defect. A naturalist of some note, Brehm certainly was, bnt, as his editor, Mr. J. A. Arthur Thomson, M.A., points out, "he was no modern biologist, erudite »s regards evolution-factors, nor did he attempt what Is called zoological analysis, and what is Uften mere necrology, but his merit is that he had seen more than most of us, and had seen, above nil, the naturalist's supreme vision — the vlbrat- dng web of life." Brehm's book suggests, and is, a fitting supplement to "The Cruise of H.M.S. Challenger," by W. J. J. Spry, R.N., F.R.G.S., lot which we recently received a copy In the Uwelfth, and cheap edition published by Samp- Bon, Low, from George Robertson and Co. The first edition of the latter work was presented tto the world a score of years ago, when the Chal lenger was placed at the disposal of a body of scientific men, who, under the direction of Pro- lessor Sir Charles Wyville Thompson, F.R.S., ex plored ocern beds, visited distant lands, and supplied learned Europe with material for re- eearch and discussion that Is not yet exhausted, but which Dr. Murray has been gathering to gether for present purposes In a matter of forty large volumes or so. ' "'From My Verandah in New Guinea: Sketches And Traditions," by Hugh Hastings Romilly, C.M.G., a recent addition to the Sydney Book Club, has an introduction by Andrew Lang, and Is published by David Nutt, London. The ini tial chapter on "New Guinea folk- lore," shows Mr. Lang at his brightest, and he explains so fully the scope and aim of the pages that follow that we meet Mr. Romilly on the threshold with the intelligent appreciation he deserves. He confines himself mostly to the medicine, sorcery, myths, and religious beliefs in vogue among the Papuans, but adds, besides descriptions of a boat ing trip or two, and a shooting expedition to Ithe Laloki River, some sound observations on the relations between natives and whites, and on the future of New Guinea generally. In "The Bible land the East," a small volume published by Blackwood and Sons, Lieutenant-Colonel C. R. IConder, R.E., who boasts some dozen official let ters to his name, discourses in a somewhat pla titudinarian fashion, on the danger of allowing science to ride rough-shod over accepted tra dition. "Essays, Literary and Philosophical," by Professor Lindsay, another of Blackwood's new publications in one volume form, Is a collec tion of lectures delivered by the author, and re printed in response to popular desire. They Include studies of "The Mind of Dante," "The Philosophy of Faust," "The Philosophy of Tenny son," and "Emerson as a Thinker." An exceed ingly well- arranged handbook, by Canon Fleming, Is "The Art of Reading and Speaking" (Edward 'Arnold.) Books of this kind and size, as a rule, aro limited to elocutionary t technlcaltles of the school-reader order. The one before us goes farther afield, dealing with expression, gesture, the cultivation of self-possession, platform ora tory, emphasis, and other matters, and con tains supplementary voice exercises. Mr. Richard Le Gallienne may or may not be the "feather-headed young log-roller" that Mr. Grant Allen calls him. He manifests undoubtedly strong professional prejudices and partisanships. But. at least, he heaps coals of fire upon his pep pery critic's head in "Retrospective Reviews," now gathered together into two neatly-bound volumes under "Bodley Head" supervision, and containing most of the literary criticism published by himself between 1803 and to-day. "Mr. Grant Allen," writes Mr. Le Gallienne, "is. when he likes, a writer of charming prose, a scientific ob server with a rare gift of attractive exposition, a fearless social critic who has done no little by his courageous, If somewhat Shelleyan utter ances, to lead the present generation to that mount of promise, from whence it seems jU3t now to be looking hopefully across the future." "Mr. Le Gallienne," grumbles Mr. Grant Allen In bis lately published brochure, "Is Barrabas a Neces sity?" "rushed into print with what he called his religion, the 'Religion of a Literary Man.' I ran to get that book, for I was curious to know what sort of creed was held by a gentleman, a literary man, who thought Pope's famous essay a master piece of thought and expression; and this was what I found: That 'essential' Christianity meant es sential Nebulosity, that it didn't imply either God or Immortal Life, that we eat and drink for to morrow we die, but that It didn't particularly mat ter, that, In fact, nothing mattered very much, so long as we had the 'Star,' the Log-rollers, Jesus, Omar Khayoura, the Yellow Book, and Mr. George Meredith." The reader of "Retrospective Re views" will find a small Inkling of truth underly ing this tirade. But one objects to the key in which it Is pitched. It is neither accurate nor generous. The endless procession of women who file through the pages of M. Frederic Wesson's mucli- idiscussed and sometime-deprecated book, "Napo leon and tho Fair Sex," of which a copy, in the Helnemann's "Empire" Library Series, is for warded to us by Messrs. Angus nnd Robertson, may suggest, to the superficial reader, a veritable monster of Iniquitous debauchery in the amorous little Corslcan; though tho author writes from the point of view of a warm Bonapartist, and an enthusiastic personal admirer of his hero. Pos sessed of authentic documentary records, and roused by the Intense interest his articles In the Paris "Figaro" excited, M. Masson determined to commenco a series of more elaborate studies, of which "Napoleon and the Fair Sex" Is tho first. 'As wo have intimated, the frank revelation of much of Napoleon's private life, that his devotees bad kept carefully concealed, brought down upon tho writer's head a great deal of anonymous abuse nnd open censure, not so much on the score of offended morality as of political Inexpediency. Charges of mere scandal-mongorlng there were, and are still, but some such must Inevitably follow u work of the kind; and. In this Instance, they arB not numerous. M. Masson Is, Indeed, no car- rion-blrd, pandering to tho popular taste for the unsavory food It professes to despise. Simply, nnd with little superfluous comment, lie has told the story of Napoleon's many loves, traced their Influence upon Ills public actions, and, as far as possible, defined their character. The light, the passionate, the friendly-affectionate, the conjugal episodes, follow one another In rapid succession, after his first Infidelity to Josephine, which, bow- ever, she anticipated, on her side, by certain indiscretions" during his absences In Italy and Egypt. It is a curious history; throwing many side-lights on the character of Napoleon, wherein bo appears in an amiable, and even generous, light. Morals be bad none; but, with the lightest of light-o'-loves, ho does not scorn to have been heartless. ( "We have received from George Robertson and Co. a new novel called "Illumination" (W. Helne- mann), in. which Mr. Harold Frederic takes a new departure. One hardly recognises the autber of "The Returnof tho O'Mahony," with its life.ond movement, and Its spirit of adventure, in this elaborately-conceived and finely-executed charac ter-study of a young Nonconformist minister in the Western States of America, whose combined vanity, social ambition, and shifty principles, land blm in such an uncomfortable state of mind and body at last. Alice, his young wife, is a charming companion and housekeeper, who de serves a better mate. About Cella, tho sprightly girl organist, who draws the miserable man Into a passion for her, only to punish his vanity and presumption when It cat-rles him beyond bounds, one is more doubtful. She goes far enough In direct coquetry to raise a desire In the reader's mind to find excuses for her victim. The ending of the story is rather dreary, and Mr. Frederic here and there shows a tendency to excessive detail; but, on the whole, "Illumination" will fully sustain his reputation as a novel-writer. The George-street firm also send us "Black Spirits and White," a small volume of ghost stories, by Ralph Adams Cram, published by Chatto and WIndus; and "Stripped of the Tinsel," a some what Improbable and disconnected "story of Bo hemia," by J. E. Muddock, which appears in Bell's Indian and Colonial Library. S. R. Crockett is a prolific writer — a little too prolific, perhaps. "Cleg Kelly," at any rate, does not reach the level of "Tho Raldars," taken as a whole. The humor is considerably Btralned, and some of the witty sayings are too palpably a re hash of old material. But "Cleg Kelly" himself, the City Arab, who startles Sunday-school, on the very first page, by declaring loudly that "It's all a dumb lie! — God's dead;" and sends a stone crashing through the skylight, when immediate expulsion follows, is admirable throughout. Cleg, for all his heterodoxy. Is a fine fellow, finely drawn. "Old Mortality" Is the latest addition to the "Waverley Novels" standard series, published by Adam and Charles Black. T. W. Speight's new sensational story, "A Husband from the Sea" (Chatto and WIndus), has battle and murder and sudden death galore. If the husband on the cover, who appears to be climbing over a wave of green wood, looked a little less like Ally Sloper, ths exterior attractions of the book would be, however, heightened. W. E. Norrl3 is always readable, and "His Grace" (Methuen's Colonial Library) is no exception to the rule. "His Grace" himself is a particularly lovable scapegrace. A book that will doubtless be much sought after is "A Few Memories," by Mary Anderson (Mme. do Navarro). It is handsomely bound, published by Osgood, M'llvaine, and Co., embellished with reproductions from portraits of the famous ac tress, and dedicated by her, simply, "To my hus band." Nothing could be mere unassuming than tho general tone and style of the "Memories" themselves, nor less forced than the language in which the writer's varied experiences are set forth. Sho addresses herself, she tells us, prin cipally to young girls who may have the same ambitions as she once had, "to show them that the glitter of the stage Is not all gold, and thus to do a little towards making them realise how serious an undertaking it is to adopt a life so full of hardships, humiliations, and even dangers." Yet Madame herself hardly shines as the "awful example" sho sets out thus deliberately to be. How could she, whose stage life was one triumphal march over worshipping hearts and summer roses, almost from start to finish? Numbers of notable people figure in the book in a detached, uncere monious fashion. Cardinals Manning and New man, Sir F. Lelghton and Alma Taderaa, Sarah Bernhardt and Madame Ristorl, Longfellow and Victor Hugo, and many other representatives of the Church, the State, society, and the world of art and letters appear on the ll3t of Mary Ander son's friends and acquaintances. But, after "five happy married years," and many and great in ducements to return to tho stage, she is still un shaken In her determination to tread the boards no more. A cookery book In any other form than the usual alphabetical list of recipes Is something of a novelty. Therefore, a novelty being always welcome, let the full meed of praise be given to Elizabeth Robins Pennell for her editorship of "The Feasts of Autolyeus: the Diary of a Greedy Woman" (John Lane), in which the art of con cocting dainty dishes Is presented In flowing chap- tors and eloquent periods, soaring sometimes into the regions of tho poetic. "Open with that triumph of color which would have enchanted a Titian or a Montlcelli; the roseate salmon of the Rhine, smoked to a turn," etc. etc., Is truly Homeric; and when we come to "eggs, golden and fleecy as tho clouds in the sunset's glow." we feel a corresponding sense of beatitude, in spite of i shaky metaphors. But It dies slowly, with thej exhausted adjectives, and leaves us a little mud dled. Onion soup may have a poetry of Its own; but the fact is you can't work it into a moon light scene by Cazln, or a quotation from Tenny- sone's "Aonone," without some confusion of Ideas. Among miscellaneous works of the week, we notice "Richard Savage: a Romance of Real Life," by Charles Whitehead (Bentley), with 18 etchings by John Leech; "Social Rights and Duties." by Leslie Stephen (2 vols.), appearing In the "Ethical Library," published by Swan, Sonnenschein; "Fear," by Angelo Mosso, a treatise on brain phenomena, translated from the Italian by E. Lough and F. Klesow (Longmans, Green); and "Tho Dally News Jubilee," a political and social retrospect of fifty years of tho Queen's reign, by Justin M'Cartliy, M.P.; and Sir John R. Robin son, a paper-covered. Illustrated booklet, pub lished by Sampson, Low. The "Australian Min ing Manual" purports to bo a handy guide to the West Australian market. "Naval Adminstra- tion," by Sir Vesey Hamilton, G.C.B., is one of the Royal Navy Handbooks, edited by Commander Robinson, R.N., and issued by George Bell and Sons. From George-street also we acknowledge two new "Methuen's," "A Change of Air," by Anthony Hope (a re- Issue of an earlier story), and "In the Day of Adversity," by J. Bloundello Burton, a story of the gallant fighting days of Louis the Fourteenth, smacking both of Dumas, the elder, and Stanley Weyman. Yet Mr. Burton is no im!-> tator. He Is a well-known and spirited writer of vigorous and fascinating tales and adventure by flood and field, two of which, "Tho Hkpanlola Plate" and "A Gentleman Adventurer," had a tremendous success. Other novels, received by Wednesday's mail, are "Elster's Folly," by Mrs. Henry Wood (Bentley), "A Regular Fraud," by Mrs. Robert Jocolyn (F. V. White and Co.), "A Gentleman's Gentleman," 'by Max Pemberton (Bell's Indian and Colonial Library), and a cheap edition of Andrew Lang's "Monk of Fife," pub lished at Longmans. Miss Annie Swan's "Mar garet Grainger," etc., Is a series of short stories liitit uavo already appeared in ine woman Home." Mrs. Swan Is an old favorite, and her methods aro toe familiar to her faithful readers to need comment. "Hutchinson's Colonial Library" in no wise loses Its well-merited prestige in publishing "Through the Eternal Snows," by Edmund Mit chell. It Is a strange and exciting story, this life-drama of Goa — new Goa, with Its ancient memories, Its choking growths of weed and brush wood,- Its ruined palaces and monastrles, Its dreams of departed greatness, and Its queer little coasting steamers running from Bombay; old Goa, onco known as the hell-hole of India — the moral plague- spot of the East. The Infernal element still sur vives in Father Gomez, the villain of Mr. Mit chell's story, who Is justly punished In the end, however, for his many sins — among others, tho Incarceration of the heroine In a convent cell. This Is but one phase of her changing fortunes, which Mr. Mitchell carries to a happy ending in a certain quaint propriety of diction that is not without charm. The second volumo Issued in the "Warrigal" series, of which George Robertson and Co. are the publishers, Is an advance upon tho first. "Tho Story of Lafsu Beg, the camel-driver, as he told It to Dr. David Gunn," shows how the adventurous Mussulman went to Australia, and what befell him there. He wants to prove, he says, how a follower of Muhamad may live In a country which Is "dar al barb (I.e., a house of strife), and knows not the "Kuran." This ho does. Manifold and wonderful are hi3 vicissitudes, until tho peaceful possession of two hundred camels, a loving wife and children, and a faithful "Mullah" lu the shape of an Australian black named Abdallah, who occupies his leisure time In tho propagation of Islamlsm, crowns his virtuous labors. Messrs. Fisher Unwln are publishing a new series — "The Little Novels." Tho first- story In tho series Is "The World Is Round," by Louise Mack (Mrs. J. Percy Creed). Later contributors to the series will Include John Oliver Hobbes. Miss Hawker (author of "Mademoiselle Ixo"), and other weil-ksaw writers. 