BUDGERUM BREEZES- (to in edrtoa or Tim kerxko times.) Sub, — Its ..messif thats a moighty poor fist wid the pen, hut after radis' that Te waainny letter iu last Saturday's Observer, be the holy fly, says I to meself, its bad spakiag if I couldn't hate _ that < anyways. Sure an euld eviction officer er a number av the euld constabulary wid a. .hook of in structions and a dicksbinary in his fist could oaly write like that. "Did yez hear of severance," «ays he. Sure the man's mad : now, whe th« divilhasn't? and good luck to it. Sure the loikos of poor -Billy creatures loike Mr Towa- ninny and myself wonld be better dig ging praties than handlin' pens like monkeys. Says he, " It took very little Trouble for one or two who ham' the interest ef the district, at heart to send seyerance to ' Davy Jones's loc ker.' " MiUia murder, what blather skite ! Did yez, ever hear the loike ? Maybe the peer eratur wants some thing, or a sate, in the eouneil ; he does want bottom. " The severance committee ought to be ashamed," says he. They have nara bit te be ashamed of wideut it be of the squawkin' ould banshees teat haunt Quambateok blathering and telling lies aud as igno rant as a ketoh-e-bregnes. " Some ratepayers pay mere rates than all the severance men," says the bould man of letters. Be me sowl, there is some of them aeverairae man . paying xakes «aaag"h te -bring op a. lot ef staags/ Spakin' to a severance man about Mr Taverner the other day I was tould sacretly that a certain getieman at Tewaninny wonld be asked to come out. Faith, he's a rale euld gardener, a foine grafter, and grubs like tbe very divil, so there bow, look' at that for a lie. "Mr Hogan," says he, "is going to have a fight this time for the council," more power te the man who tackles him! Mr Hogan is daeent enough, but, begorra, there is nothing like giv ing a man a tasle of the stick to straigh ten him up, and it sthrikes me that Mr Hogan wonld be better off without any " Slippery Jacks" following in his wake. Bad seran to the misfortune of being blindl but the divil a bit of me can sea what the councillors are wanted all at one end for. There's Horsfall, M'Donald, Moore, M'Kay and Hogan within a stone throw of each ether, right away in the dark corner near Ke rang ; isn't that enough for the rate payers of these parts to want to have a man of their own? He says agin," it is a fact that if all the severance committee tyere boiled down and the essenoe ex tracted it would not have the ghost of a show to oust Mr Hogan." Tare an ouns! didyeiver hear such balderdash? If some of their severance men were boiled down there would be lashings of good stuff to fatten some of the swine at Towaninny, and some of them are poor, hungry and saTaga enough. Mr Towaninny speaks again. Excuse me, Mr Editor, but I must write it from, the paper, as the divil a bit of me could do it without. Says he — " There ap pears in the Chariton Tribune a diatribe irom oub 01 tuusy HeTeranceiies; sucn ebullition is a pieee ef effrontery aud must have prosecded from a diseased brain.'' What's the matter wid the poor crature; is it a fait of a nagsr's stump speech he's been writing? I go bail there is not a ward of it written in the Eviction Aet or the " move on" clause or severance question. What a sErajgACas .'wtlracrewSSSilf'teffl' to his mother. Faith, it's a pity for Quambatook to ba wanting his equals! Sure Quambatook would hare severance widout either, and begorra, if he liked he coald stop the world going ronnd. I was rading the other day that the Government won't give the shire Their money before the tramway interest is paid. Now, sir, what tbe divil do tb.y mane by stopping our money, and what hare we to do wid the tramway? Holy fly, we'll have to pay the lot if we don't stop that game. Faith, that road- making machine makes a great bin roost entirely. £600 a year for a shire bin roost is a saving to ratepayers, The tramway ingine broke down again. I suppose another engine can he got fer £500, but, bedad, I don't think the Government will give any mere money for special pmposes. Severance made the money roll in, I am toqld they get £1800 in the last month. I am thinking it weald be only right to pay them severance men. The rate collec tor, so they tell mc, gets paid for collecting names against severance, and was drawing his ealary at the same time ; more pewer to ye, Jack! Mr Gardiner wrote asking that Mr O'Con nor be paid for his zeal and sc on. I am tould that the council will be asked to give Mr Gardiner a donation for bis services, and, begobl he deserves it, for divil a one worked harder than: him- Widout him and another, sure severance woqld have been granted. Why, sir, he has been the ride man entirely. I suppose at the full of the moon Mr Towaninny will again make himself known, and I will be glad t. hear of him. MICKEY FREE, A Straight eut Severance Man. Bsdgerum, 25/6/96. The above was unavoidably held ever from last issue. — Ed. K.T. 