THE DAY OF REST. PRINCIPLES. / - By J. B. Hastixgs, MA. Prcnched lo Young Men, in Palincrston-place Chunh,JMinbiu-gh. " Prove skll things; hold &Lst; that which is good." THKSS. V. 21. It may fairly, I think, be questioned (vkethor, in our conduct of life, iu the regulation of oar affairs, in our intellectual and moral jocisions, we are as much animated as our fathers were by regard to principles. We sccki to meet with fewer men whose lives are the manifest working out of clear and definite and strong convictions. Tho general heightening has apparently lifted them out of the region where every step taken was the prompting of abme inwerd and imperative decision. The conscience of the community has Largely taken the place of tho conscience of the individual. There is a greater disposition to run with the multitude, to swing with majorities, to be carried along by the prevailing currents of tho time. Ideas are more plentiful but opinions rarer than thejy used to be. Men of "independent mind ' are not so common. In calmly thinking over tho leading tendencies of thB-ace, in observing the sudden changes that take j}lace in public opinion on various 'uestionfe, m listening to the explanations of a jeir intellectual decisions, we cannot but ' hare it impressed upon us, or at least suggested to us, that the considerations that in fluent* mon are not so predominantly rational as they once were. They' have not so much regard as their fathers had to settled rules of action, governing laws of conduct, thoughts, and belief? which exercise a directing, constraining influence on behaviour and life. The age of intolerance is past- A latitudinarixui epooh has set in. The danger is, that under the new rSffinc wc may lose our grasp of principles ; and, in our anxiety to bo accounted broad and. charitable, cease to hold strong and settled opinions regarding life and duty. And first, let me lav down a general theorem—No man can be truly liberal and tolerant who does not hold definite and decided convictions. The popular idea seems to r fcc that the man of principle, in this sense of the word, k a narrow man, with something of bigotry in his composition. But this is a mmtake—a profound mistake. It is confounding two tilings that essentially differ, prejudice and principle, 'these are &b; far As the poles asunder. The iqan of .prejudice, it is true, agrees with the man of principle in having pronounced and positive views. But in the •ne case they have no real ground in reason; . they cannot be substantiated by serious argu- . merit; thej have their root somewhere in the emotional region ; and if they have touched the rational part of him at.all it is only after, they have passed through the perverting htae _in which the lower nature lives and moves, • and generally " trailing doods of' passion " as r they come." 'The mun of principle, on the \other hand) has thoi^ht oat his position, has ^ examined the premises submitted to his in- Rpection in the clear light of reason, and has drawn his conclusion, has narrowly examined every side erf his subject, and knows what has been advanced against tho decision to which he has come. He has felt the force of most of the objections, and can therefore fully sympathise with those with whom they liave still weight- In nhort, the man of principle, whose life and conduct are the expression of opinions that he has worked his way along rational channels, • and that he now holds — not as matters (ff convenience or t expediency, but of paramount obligation, holds, because all the dictates of his nature tell him . that he must, if he would be true to himself and Gpd—he is the only. liberal and tolerant man. All other forms of tolerance and liberality so-called are only the betraj'&l; of easygoing, "shallow natures which, not being themselves rooted and grounded in conviction, do not recognise the intense force of conviction in . otJiRTK. and cannot accordingly sympathize with its practical working. The pseudo- liberalism of the day is only an illustration of the intellectual limitations that are incapable of appreciating true breadth. No one can be rauly tolerant of another's position who has . not himself felt the force of the reasonings . that,have led to its being taken. There is thus a whole world of difference . between the man of prejudice and the man of principle; and only the latter, the possessor of definite and decided convictions, which, through much tribulation, he has worked out for himself in the silence and solitude of his own soul, is tho really liberal and tolerant maiiifow the practical question is—How stand tee related to this matter? Are we in possession of principles, and thus able to look abroad with a truly Catholio eye? Or are we animated by that modem Ia&itudiiiarian; spirit which, in prctenoo of liberality, is simply indifferent to tno claims of . conviction? " Prove all things; hold fast that which is good. r ' Let me apply this apoetolic test to one or two of the current problems of 0«r tame.' Take, first, our relation to Si FJBIU£ipLES. . "in themselves considered, mere qiies- ,t»nB of Church government, the please forms to be ' observed by reli- ' sfious organisations as regards their constitution and modes of worship, are of very minor importance. It is no doubt historically interesting to find out how the primitive Church was constituted, and the duty of modern Christians to approximate as closely as the altered conditions of the world will allow to the apostolic model. But it may safely bo assarted that, as that attitude of prayer is best in which we can best pray, so, within the general limits of Scripture, that form of Church government is moet divine which is most effecv tive in accomplishing the great ends of the Church. God forbid' that we should make ) eoclfffiiaatitism a cause of division, far less of $trife^ among those who name the common Nome. — 1 In these days, however, ecclesiastical principles cover a great deal' more than simple questions of Church government and forms of service. They closely touch matters of great and pressing importance, affecting the fundamental interests of the kingdom of God. One of these, on which all young men must sooner or-later make up their minds, if they wish to be guided in matters ecclesiastical by principle, ocmcerns the essential nature of the (Surohnf Christ. ' The issues are as clear as anything can be. They are brought out into bold relief in every Conference or Convention having for its aim the " Reunion of Christendom." We are confronted by two diametrically opposed conceptions of the Christian Church—the one, that it is an inward and spiritual institution, though necessarily manifesting itself' in outward fohns for the furtherance of its work; and the other, that it is primarily an outward »* and visible institution, through which alone the spiritual ends of the Church can bo. achieved. Membership in the one is obtained by faith in Jesus Christ, and the consequent possession of the Holy Spirit- Membership in the other; by the performance of certain rites, administered by priestly hands, which .claim the power of admitting thereby into tho kingdom of heaven. "Christ, Qhnst," is tho watchword of the one; "The Church, The -Ohurch," the watchword of the other. "Believe and be saved" is tho gospel of the one ; " Do this and live" the law of the other. "All who love the Iiord in sincerity and trnth," by whatever name known, are in fellowship with the one; only tliose admitted along these chart^ed channels into the "true Church of God'j^-by which is meant the outward and visibje institution to which the name is restricted—are in fellowship with the other. These are the recognised opinions of those who entertain what is popularly known lis " High Church'.' views. It is not a question, you perceive, of Bishop versus Presbyter; music and ritual as against a simpler order of service. The popular idea is that the difference lies in these. If it did, there would be no necessity to say a word on the subject- It is far deeper, and a thousand times more important. It affects the fundamental conception of the Church of Jesus Christ, and of the way of salvation. The real alternatives are bondage to an exclusive ecclesiasticism, or "the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free." I am greatly mistaken if tho young people of this country will not one day have to make their choice between Christ and the "Church;'' faith and the sacraments; the minister and the priest; spiritual worship (which need not, however, ne barren or bare) and luscious ceremonial and gorgeous symbolism, overjaj-ing the simple verities of the Christian creed. When that day comes, may they be able, by earnest .study of the question now, in its essential ' nature and far-reaching effects, to take their stand on clear principle; and to give back to .the would-be Judaizers of the nineteenth century the noble reply of Peter, that this is "a burden which neither wc nor our fathers have been able to bear." "Prove all things; hold fast that which is good." Another matter of certainly less importance, but still great enough to constrain those who wish to be governed in their ecclesiastical "decisions by principle to give it closc attention, conccrns the spiritual independence of > the Church of Christ. Unhappily, tlas in ouiday has become associated in many minds with so much bitter and rancorous controversy that it ia almost impossible to look calmly and clearly at the issues involved. Let me try to lift it entirely out of that region. The question is—What is the true domain and consequent mission of the Church? Is it restricted to matters spiritual ; or may it also include things secular and material? Has it to do with the conscience alone of the individual and the community; or has it likewise a bearing, directly and immediately, upon the outward life? Is Christ its sole llead ; or docs it own subjection to a double authority—Christ and tho King? Is there such a tiling as "national religion, apart from the individuals of whom • the nation is composed? or, if so, wherein does Jt consist? Must the Church lie entirely independent of the State in its corporate capacity doing its work in its own clearly-defined sphere, brooking no interference or suggestion of interference from the civil power; or must tho Church seek some outward (not inward and spiritual, according to the other conception) alliance with the btate, and Ix 1 supported in the doing of its own specific work by State aid ? Theso are questions, as you will at ouco see, that lie lx-hind, and are independent of, the current controversaries of tho hour. They deal with tho essential principles of the Kingdom of God, aud the manner ajid method of its furtherance' in the world. They have no relation to material bigness or social prestige or monetary power, or any of tho thousand and one things about which men strive. Thev can be discussed, as our fathers discussed them, iu the spirit of Christ and in the light of revelation, and with the whole trend of human history as our guide. So discussed they become divested of all passion and prejudice and preconception, and are suffused with a deep religious interest and signiScanee. I therefore counsel you to get back of all those wretched wranglings that embitter the hearts of so many Christians at the present day, and make a careful study of the nature and mission of the Church of Christ, and, taking your stand on a clear and definite principle—and what that will be I have not a shadow of doubt—allow it to influence all your decisions and rule your entire ecclesiastical life. " Prove all things ; hold fast that which is good." Secondly, let us examine our relation to THEOLOGICAL PRINCIPLES. We have j ust passed through a period that cannot be better described than as one of doctrinal discontent. Speculation and scepticism played fast and loose with theology as with other tilings. The time-honoured beliefs that have been embodied in our creeds and confessions were subjected to rigid criticism. Tho result was a tiino of considerable un^ettlement regarding doctrinal matters. Alongside of this movement was a deepened interest in social questions aud in public work. Men seemed to swing with a recoil from theological speculation to active service. The consequence was to create a deep weariness of dry doctrinal discussion, aud a persistent demand for practical preaching. One has often remarked these alterations in the long history of the world. T h ought and action have followed each other like sunshine and shower on an April day. There are signs, not a few, of a genuine revival of theological interest. Books dealing With this subject are receiving in our time a gratifying amount of attention. But the result of the transition has been that the present generation are less deeply grounded m theological principles than their fathers wore. They are more liable to i>e "blown about by every wind of doctrine." They have 110 fixed standard in their own minds by which to test the shifting theories that are all abroad. Thev are guided in their judgments more by what, they believe Christianity ought to teach, than by actual knowledge of the truths of Scripture. These indications are shown in a vast variety of ways. They are simply indisputable. And the effect is seen in that restless Athenian spirit of the age, manifestod particularly by tho youth of the period, always on the outlook forsume new tiling. Our fathers' creed, to our modem ideas, was somewhat contracted in spirit andjn aim; but it was at least definite. They knew what they believed. They were rooted and grounded in their faitli. They were systematically familiar with the teachings of Scripture. Every sermon v.-as a miniature treatise in tlieolo,™v. And who shall say that that sound, systematic Scriptural education had not a little to do with the formation and development of all that is noblest in the Scottish character? It will be a happy day for our country and the world when the reviving theological spirit has touched with its happy contagion the mind of youth. There are great, essential doctrines regarding which you, yoeng men, ought to give forth no uncertain sound. Such are the fpc't of sin and the necessity for atonement; the incarnation of the Internal Son. Ilis perfect life, and death of sacrifice for us men and our salvation ; His glorious resurrection, and the inspiring truth that He lives—lives and reigns with God exalted, preparing a place for His people; the blissful per.tecostof the Holy Ghost; and the certainty of the final conquest of the world for Christ. These aud similar truths should lxi so "wrought into the fabric of your constitution as to bo positively indestructible. What wc all need to-day, as a counteractive to the prevailing tendencies of the age, is more decided and definite theological principles. Think of the magnificent dogmatism of Scripture! Who was ever for a moment left in doubt regarding the doctrinal position of Paul or Peter, James, or John? May not the general weakness of the Christian Church, and the slowness vvjtli which it is achieving its great world-purpose, be largelydue to the loose hold it has of fundamental principles? And may not the apologetic tone so frequently adopted—particularly in dealing with the young, where, if anywhere, we should religiously eschew all "critical experiments." and deal with " ascertained and acknowledged truth"—have not a little to do with tho feeling that prevails in some quarters that Christianity is "an open question," which is the last thing in the world wo should allow to be said, or thought, or felt? Therefore, 111 matters of Christian doctrine " prove all things; hold fast that which is good. : ' Similarly might I deal with Intellectual Principles, where Pilate's question, "What is Truth?" should be the great standard of appeal; and with Moral Principles, where everything is determined -by rigid adherence to the law of right. -No youi4- man whose thinking and acting ar "governed by these can ever go wilfully and woefully astray. But I hasten, in conclusion, to turn your attention to RELIGIOUS 1'HlKCIPLES. These are determined by the attitude of the soul toward God, and the great facts of the spiritual and eternal world. Religion ia to theology what the spirit is to the lxxly. Kacli is indispinsable to the development and culture of the full-grown man. Without religion there would be no real connection between the soul and God, no'.sDiritual life. Without theology, that life would have no adequate sphere for its exercise. Somu knowledge of God is necessary before we can believe 111 Him, and live in His presence. And the better instructed a Christian is, tiv; clearer his views of Divine truth, of the relations in which Scripture doctrines stand to each other, and of the eternal reason on which they ^re based, the likelier subject he is for the growth of a strong and healthy religion. Indeed, nothing is more striking than the inter-relation between all the themes that have !>eeii touched on in this discourse. Yet, in their essence, each is but a handmaid to "pureand undefiled religion." As the body without the spirit is dead, so the most enlightened views of the nature and mission of the Church of Christ; the fullest acquaintance with systematic theology; the most absolute regard to truth and rectitude, may conccivably co- exist with no real knowledge (it the true God, and of Jesus Christ whom He has sent. Hence the unspeakable importance of religious principle, wnich consists in vital union to God through Jesus Christ, and by the agency of the Holy Spirit; habitual fellowship and communion with Kim, through the means which He has appointed ; aud the swaying of the whole of life, within and without, by considerations directly attributable to our relations to Him. When a young man, exposed to temptation that boils his blood, feels constrained to cry out, " How can I do this groat wickedness, and sin against God?" Or when in the midst of dire perplexity as to what is duty, he exclaims, "Show me Thy ways, O Lord ; teach me Thy paths." Or when, smitten with deep contrition because of transgression, lie pleads, "Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me." When a young man gets into the habit thus of referring all the events of his life to (rod, his difficulties and decisions, his sins and sufferings, his trials and triumphs, lifting them up into the Eternal Presence, that they inav lie bathed and illumined in the light of God, he is animated by Tclitjirtus principles. Strive to get these ecrooted in the very core of your l>eing. Attend diligently to the cultivation of ynur spiritual nature. "Excrcise' yourselves "m godliness.In this highest region of all " prove all rhin:;s : hold fast that which is good." 