A Tale of The Sea. [Two Captains and a Navigator with two miles of water to wore ship in, wore suooessf ul iu getting Uar ? ashore.] It was the schooner Sunbeam That sailed the summer sea, And ' Captain ' Braseeye had on board A fat Bhip's company. They dressed the sailors all in blue, Like valiant sons oC Mars ; They trod the deck in proud array, Ab suckling British tars. Two skippers bold the Sunbentu had, A ' navigator ' too ; Nor recked (hey not the wild wild wave. Or the stormy winds that blew. A breeze came east by nor' not' west. And cloudy grew the sky; The rift was dark, the offing low, And the waves some inches high 1 Ill-omened sign — in circling curves The shrieking sea gulls flew ; Far tliroughjthe sea-mists frowning loomed That point called Kangaroo ! And Brasseye stood upon tha deck, His trumpet in his hand ; The gallant tars collected round, Obedient to command. Up spake he then in accents low — ' Oh, trusty sailors nil Fear naught nor let a horrid thine Y'our hearts of oak appal ! ' 1 ve got a Heart ot oak mysclt And do not care a (naughty expression) For 1 was cradled on the deep Aud bold as brass I am ! ' Just then the fearsome sea- mews shrieked I The skipper pale turned he, As any bloomin' little shrimp When taken first from sea, Full well they knew that omen dire, The storm-wraith's funeral sound 1 Vet still he bid them be of cheer And ordered grog all round. ' What seesfc thou, oh, trusty watch ? ' Of the look-out man asked he. ' I 6ee Omay's green ferry boat Far out on the boiling sea ! ' 'What el6G, what else!' he trembling cried' Though his lusty voice belled strong. ' I see three little Hobart boys In a punto nine feet long 1' The howling tempest waves lashed high, The hapless vessel tossed ; The bravest in that company Gave up the ship for lost, rhesea was here, the sea was there, The water all around , ind on the wind-wings voices moaned, Ghost- voices of the drowned! 'Oh would we all were safe ashore,' Brave Brasseye faintly cried ; ' A-doin a steak and onions feed, And a pot of X beside. ' I fear . alas, of onions hrnn-n And perk, no more we'll see, Unless we from this place accursed Slack off and get us free.' Then spake he to the bosun bold, ' Oh, man of whiskers wild, Bouse out my gallant trusty crew, Tarn out each ocean child. 'For while we stand inactive here The storms around us fly.' The bosun hitched his trousers up And winked his other eye. Full loud upon the hurricane His whistle shrill blew be ; ' Come, tumble up your lubbers all, Prepare to get to sea.' ' Hawl up the mizen, slack the jib, Take two reeves in her keel ! ' Clew up the mainmast ! Lively now Lash ten men to the wheel !' 'Twas done. That vessel swung about And bended to the gale ; They slipped the cable from her hawse, And quickly set each sail. ' Ware ship !' the bold commander cries, ' Prepare to luff her more ; The rocks are almost close at hand. I mean to get ashore.' 'A punto signals off our bow!' The look-out seaman cries ; 'Three boys are coming to our help I' The skipper said, ' No flies ? I'd scoru assistance to receive From any Hobart fry !' The bosun swallowed down his quid, And murmured soft, ' My heye!' Away the Sunbeam drifted then, Full broadside on the shore ; The commandant bewildered, paused, And a worried look ha wore. Oh, many hours of weary woe Put in those sailor men, Until the flowing tide camo in And floated them again. They anchored closer to the town, The wild winds to forestall ; So Brasseye left and got his steak And onions after all ! The housewife, tho housemaid, the lauu dresB, the eeullery-maid, and all and every one who have to scrub floors are unanimous tliat nsiug; Jubilee Soap save time, money aud exertion. ' No,'' said a ne'er-do-well, who was being questioned by a magistrate as to his reasons for being a vagrant ; ' I ain't never had the advantage of parental guidance— I'm an orphan by birth.' The quantity of tobacco issued to the seamen of the royal navy is naturally an object of supreme importance, ' Jack ' being a connoiseur of the article. 'Jack' is his own tobacco manufacturer. Vir ginian leaf is received at the yard and is issued to the seamen in the dry, crude form. When he receives the dry material '? Jack ' moistens it with rum or mo lasses, and works it up into a tightly compressed roll, which, when chopped, yields hin a pure, if somewhat powerful chew or smoke according to his indi vidual taste. The seamen at the home ports only receive tobacco from which the stem of the leaf is removed, it hav ing been found that ' Jack,' not satis fied witn being allowed to take up his tobacco duty free, carried his economy so Far as to take the steins on shore and sell them to the local tobacconist for wnversion into snuff. Tho allowance for 3ach sailor :it home is lib. a month and iboaid 21o. The issuing price is about Is. pur pound. 