ORPHAN WORDS. SOME AUSTRALIAN NATIVES. Dear CHAMPION.—Much remains to be done, appar- ently, re ascertaining the origin of many Australian mining terms in use now or in the early days. Is "fossick" connected with Latin fodio (fossum), to dig, and if so, how did such a respectable origin come about? (Compare fosse ditch). Has Professor Morris's slang- repelling nose condescended to sniff such a term as "stringer," frequently in use once to indicate a hole which just showed signs of gold sufficient to "string" the digger "on?" Double-distilled slang this, Pro- fessor, or as the Stuart lawyers would have said, "a slang upon a slang," and therefore unworthy of a place in the great English dictionary, which is leaning for Australian support on the charity organising English, French, and German lecturer, bowdleriser and general panjandrum of the Melbourne University. Said "stringer" was also called a "tobacco-bole," because it just about (now, Professor'.) paid for " smoke ho ! " Perhaps the Professor wouMTWiJjuorc .ut home suggesting the origin of the f ori 1 !"(1 ufl'or,"„' jistri.sti 11 foru worthless claim. Another /ivnrd pi-aetitejlr SMionyinous with " dulTcr," ji»di in 'j " shiccr," the origin of which nitty (irobablv be found in ai'hciascr a low High GcnAanVord wrth'.afi/impri ntiblc uicaning. It is worth obsch'iflgin thisconifcctiOiL' fliat when a claim was likely to prove'ft thinner " ttwtp lelt with the remark, " Tliat's for the Queen,". .frjrferencc no doubt to the paramount rights of The"Crown with respect to precious metals). Many if not most of the ditlicultics with regard to milling terms would be surmounted if a good Cornish slung and dialect glossary of 1840-lSot) were accessible. There is such a natural tendency to the following of precedents in men's minds, as well as a certain deference shown by the inexperienced towards even the words used by the experienced, that it would not be a matter of woiidcr if the large body of Cornish miners here in the early days, with tile help of their county'; centuries of mining experience, practically dictated Hamming phraseology. A glance through au English legal book, llniulriihj? (HI Mines, will show that a great number of ordinary mining terms of supposed Australian origin arc really English. Is "mullock" connected with "muck?" Whence is " wliini ?" Regarding other than liiiuiim terms, were tin- long hair-like leaves of flic casnnrinn responsible for its marriage to the English or bull oak ? I suppose it is admitted that rasuurinti is a derivative of the technical name of the Cassowary ("isnnrimii), from a fanciful resemblance of the tree's leaves to the feathers of that bird. Hon docs " Xo hope ! " express the sound, the cir- Ciunstuiice6, and especially what Marshall Hall would call the " emotional significance " of tile call of the mopokc, nhas more pork, nlias etc., etc. ? The future Australian Beethoven, with the notes of this bird as opening bars, symbolising what we suggest here, might well surpass even C minor work. And besides, one fancies the ghost of Marcus Clarke would approve. Who is the " messmate's'' " pal?" When the " potc " sings of the wattle-blossom does lie mean the "lightuood" or the " blackwood " (or is one same as t'other?), or the sdver or the black or llic golden wattle ? Professor Morris is as much a stickler for academically dressed words as he iE for academically dressed under-gradiiales. He doesn't ' sec" au uugowncd student (except for the purpose of lining hiui), and slang is ungowued. It is therefore no wonder that English dictionaries are incomplete, nay, misleading, as far as the Australian use of words is concerned. Westr«iiaii6 call us, ctc., •' tothersidcrs." Is this original, and does it refer to those from the other side of Australia, or it is simply the ivord as applied by carlv Victorians to the intruding Tasniauians, Jlerwenters or Dcrvcncrs, from the other side of Bass Straits? ]t meant then or came to mean "intruder." Was it this secondary meaning that was first used in W.A. ? " Vandeiuonian" is u powerfully expressive word that should not be lost sight of in this discussion. Who was the original " Matilda " ill the famous " waltzing with Matilda ?" which means " humping vour drum, 1 ' or " shouldering bluey,," or " carrying your swag," etc. "Go to the diggings " at a euphemism for "go to the devil " is widespread in Australia. This is probably connected with the Shakespearean " Go to the dickens." Other words and phrases worth looking up are quondong, myall, mallee, peppermint gum, " Never Never," " off to the Billaboug—pig shearing," she-oak (as applied to shanty liquor), ramstag mutton, sandy cobblers, ringer, rousealxiut, cockatoo (the bird and tin' selector), nobs and snobs (in early Burra Burra history), overluncler, mutton- bird, native companion. " moon and stars hotel, ground floor," and so on. ? 