CHAPTER- XXIII.. ' The twilight darkenetlinto night,t>ut A.wdrey .stillrcmuincdiu the oflicc. Alter a time lie groped for a box.'of matches, found one, struck " a match, took a pau- of heavy silver candlesticks from a cupboard in the wall, .lit the candles which were in tlieni, and then put tlicm on his office table? The room was a large one, and the .light of the two candles seemed only to make the darkness visible. Awdrcy went to the table, seated himself in the old chair which liis father and grandfather hud occupied before him, and began mechani cally to arrange some papers, and put a pile of other/things in ■ order. ■ His nature was naturally:full of- system; from liis childhood up he had* hated untidiness of all sorts. While he was so engaged there came a knock at- the office door. Ho rose, "went across the room and opened it; a footman' stood without. : ■ ' Mis. Awdrcy has sent me to ask you, sir, if you are ready for dinner.' r . ' 'Toll your mistress that I am not coming in to dinner,' replied Awdrcy.' 'Ask her not to wait for me;.-1 am par ticularly busy. and. will have something later.- > The. man. with an immovable coun tenance. turned away. Awdrcy once more locked the. office door. - He now drew down the:blinds to the other two windows, and began to pace up and down the long. room. • The. powers of good and - evil ■■ wore at - this moment fighting -for his soul—he know: it ; there was a tremendous-conflict reging within him; it seemed .to- tear his life in.two; beads of perspiration stood on his brow. - Ho knew that either God or the devil would have won the victory before lie left that room. : I must make my decision. once for all,' he reflected. ' I am.wide awake; my whole intellectual nature' is full of vigour; I. have no excuse whatever; the matter must bo -.finally settled now. If I follow, the devilr—'-he shrank as the words formed themsclves'out of his brain; , he had naturally the . utmost loathing for/evil in* any form,"liis nature was meant to be upright; at school he bad been one of the good boys; one of the boys to whom, low vices, dishonour able actions of anykind,- were simply impossible; he had had his weaknesses, : for who has not?—but these weak nesses were all.more or less akin to the virtues. ' If I choose the devil?' lie repeated. Obcc again: ho faltered, trembling vio lently ; lie had.come to tho part of the room where/his father's old desk.was situated.-Ho leant up against it, and gazed'gloomily 'out into the darkness which confronted him. ■ • "I'-' 1 know exactly-wjiat will happen if I follow the downward path,' he thought again. ; 'I must foree myself to think wrong right, and right wrong. -There is- no possible .way for me to live this life of deception except by (leceiviug myself. 3Iust I decide to-night?' ... lie staggered/into the chair which his father, used to occupy. - His father liad been a man full of rectitude ;-th'e doom of tlie housc^had never overtaken him; hchadbcenamanwitlianalmosttoo severe,: too lofty code of honour. Awdrcy remembered all about his father as he sat in that chair. He sprang again to his feet. : ' ' There is no .use in putting , off. the hour, for the hour has come,' he thought. 'Thisis the state of the case. God aud tho devil are in this man. I cannot lie in tho presenco of such awful, , such potent Beings. I must faco the thing as it is. This is what has happened to me, -I; who would not willingly in " my sober senses,/ hurt- the smallest insect that crawls on the earth; once, , hcariy six years ago, in- a 'sudden moment of passion " killed a man. He at- ; tacked me, and I defended myself, I . kiUod him in self defence. I no more meant to kill him than I mean to com- ; mit murder to-night. , Notwithstanding that fact I did the deed. ' Doubtless tho : action came' over me as a tremendous shock—immediately after the deed the : horriblo doom of my house.feU onmo, i and I forgot all ahout' what l mysclf had done—for five years the memory of it never returned to me. ; Now I know nil about it.; I committed murder and another. man is , siiifering in my stead.. Now if;I follow the devil -I shall he a brute and . a scoundrel; the innocent man willgo on suffering, and his mother,' whose -heart is aiready: broken, may die before he; recovers: his; liberty. Thus I shall practically kill twb'livcs.' No one will_know—no one' will guess that 'I am leading a shadowed life. I feel strong chough no w to coverup the deed, to hide away the remorse. 1 feel not the least doubt that I shall be outwardly successful—the respect of my feliow mbn will follow me—the love of many will be given to me. , Byrand-by I may have children; and they will love me as Ilovcd my father, and Margaret will look up . to me: and consult me as'my mother looted up. to and consulted my^ father; and my honour will, be con sidered above reproach. My people, too, will rejoice to have me with them. I can serve them if am returned for: this, constituency—in 'short, il can "live a worthy and respecteddife...: The devil will have his way,': but ]I0 one will guess that it is the devil's way—I shall seem;to live the life of an angel.l : Awdrey paused here , in his own thought. ■ v. ... ' ' 1 feel as if the devil: were laughing at.me,' he said, speaking half alojid, and looking again;into the.darkness of the room—'he knows that his hour will come—b}--and-by my span of life will [run out—eventually"I shall reach the ilong end of the long way.- But until that time, day by day and hour by hour, 1 shall: live the life of the hypocrite. Like a whited . sepulchre shall I be I truly, for I shall curry hell ..here. I By-and-by. I shall • have to : answer for all at a higher tribunal, mid I meanwhile I shall carry hell here. He i pressed his hanil to his breast—his face was. ghastly. ■■■■ ' Shall I follow the devil ?. . Suppose I refuse to listen-to him, what then . I. There came another tap ,at the office door. • Awdrey weut across the rooin and opened it. He started and uttered a smothered oath,-for.Margaret stood on the threshold. ...... . , ' ' Go away now, Maggie; I cannot see you; I imi'very-much engaged,' he said. - ■ ' - '■ Instead of obeying him 'she stepped across the threshold. • -' But you have no one with you,' she said, looking into the darkness of the room. • What are you doing, Hubert, uU by yourself? You look very tired. We have finished dinner—my uncle has come: over from: Cuthbcrtstown; "and would like to seo you—they all think it strange your being away.- What is the matter ? : Won't you return with me to the house ?' .; • ••• • •I.cannot yet. l am particularly engaged.' • ■ . 'But what about ? TJnele James will be much disappointed if he doesmot sec you.' • ' I will come to. him presently when I have thought put a problem.': .\ Margaret turned herself now in'sucli a position thht she could sec hCr hns baud's face. ; Something: in his eyes seemed to speak straight .to her sym pathies; she put her arms round his heck. ; 'Do, not think any more now, my darling,' she said.■' 'Bememher though you are so-wellj; that,you;.were once yeiy ill:' Yon h^ye had hq dinner,' it'is not right for yOu to staiWc yourself and tire yourself. Come -homo with hie, Itobert, come home!' 'Not yet,I he replied; : 'There :is a knot which I must untie. I: am think ing.over a very grave problem. I shall have'. no ■ rest, no peace, until .;I have made "up my mind.' \- 'What can be the matter?' in quired Margaret. 'Can I help you- in any way ?' ; 'Ho, - dearest,' he answered very tenderly;' except by leaving mc:'r ' Has it' anything to do : with ^vour accounts ?' she asked.; : She glanced at the table with its pile of letters and papers. 'If so, I could really render you assistance. 1 used to keep accounts for TJnele James in the ;old - days. Two brains are better than one. 'Let me help you.' v ■ '■ ■"' : 'It's a, mental problem, Maggie; it relntes to morals.' ' Oh, dear, Itobert, you are quite lysterious,'she" said with a ghost of a mysterious,' smile; but then sho met his eyes and | the tronblo in them startled her. . ' I wish I could holp you,' she said. | ' Do let mo,' ' You cannot,' ho replied harshly, for the look in her face added to his tor tures.. ' I shall come to a conclusion presently. When . I come to it I will return to the house.' . ' Then we are; not'to wait up for. you ? . It is getting quite late, long.past nine o'clock.'- - 'Do not sit up for me; leave therside door on the; latch; Twill come in.pre sently when I have made up my mind on this important matter.' She approached the door unwillingly; when she reached the" threshold she turned and faced him. ; • 'I cannot hut see that yon; are worried about something,' she said. 'I know, rftobert, that you will have strength to do what is right. I cannot imagine what your worry can he, hnt a moral problem with you must mean.the victory of right over wrong.' . ' Maggie, you drive me mad,' he called after, her," but .his voice was hoarse, and it did not reach her cars'. She closed the door, and he heard her retreating: footsteps on the gravel out side. 'He locked the door once more. : 1 There spoke God / and my good angel,' he murmured to himself. ■' Help me, Powers of Evil, if I am to follow you; give mo strength to walk the path of the lowest.' These words had scarcely risen in the form of an awfuT prayer from his lips when once. again he heard his wife's voice at the door. She was tapping and calling to, him at the same time. He ] opened the" door. ■■■■", ' Well ?'he said. / ' I am sorry'to disturb you,' she re plied, ' hut you really must put. off all your reflections for the, time being; Whom do you think has just arrived ?' "I cannot guess,' he answered, in a listless voice. - V" Your, old friend and -minc, Dr. llumsey. . ; 'Eumsey !'; replied . Awdrcy, 'he would be a strong advocate on your side, Maggie.' - ■: ' On my side ?' she queried. ' I cannot explain myself. I will sec llumsey; It would be possible for me to put a question to him which I could not put to you—ask . him to come to me.';.- • • / ■ ■ ; 'He shall- come at once,' she answered, ' I am heartily glad that he is here.' ■ ■ _ . j She turned- back and "went to - the house—she ran up the front-steps— llumsey was in the hall. ' My hearty congratulations,' he said, coming up to her. . 'Your letter con tained such good news that I could not forbear hurrying down to Grandcourt to take a peep at : my, strange patient. I always call Awdrey my,strange{patient. Is it true that he is now quite well ?' . ' Half an hour ago I should have said vcs,'. replied Margaret; ' but——' ' Any recurrence of the old symp toms ?' asked the doctor. : ; ' Ho, nothing of that sort. Perhaps the excitement .has been too much for him. Conic into the library, will you ?? She entered- as she spoke, the doctor following her. s.' ? . ' I wrote to you when I was abroad,' continued Margaret, 'telling you the simple fact that my" husband's state / of health had gone from better to better. He recovered tone of mind and body in the most rapid'degree. This morningl considered him a man of perfect physical health "and of keen intellect. You "know during the five years when the cloud was over his brain1 he refused to read, and lost grip of all passing events. There? is no subject now of general interest that he cannot talk about; all matters of public "concern arouse his strong; sympathies.. -- IVday he has been nominated to stand for this constituency, vacant by the death of our late member. I have no doubt. that lie will represent us in the House when Parliament next sits.' ;; ' Or perhaps before this one -rises,' said the doctor. 'Well, Mrs. Awdroy,. all this sounds most encouraging, but I fear from your manner that: you have something not so satisfactory to tell me ?' - ' /? ' That is so ; at the present moment I do not like his state. He-was out and ahout all day, hut instead of returning liome to dinner went .straight to his office, where he now is. As far as I can sec, he is. doing no,{special work, but he. will not come into the house. He tells me that he is. facing a problem which ho also says is a .moral one. He refuses de leave the'office until he haj I reached a satisfactory conclusion.' [-...'Come, he is overdoing it,' said the i doctor. ■ • • ■ I•• 'I think so. I- told him Just now i that you had arrivcd;hc asked me ta ■ i bring you to him; willyou come 2' * j '"With pleasure.! I 'Can you do "without a meal until' yon have seen him?" —1 • ■ • '.Certainly; take me to him at once-' Mrs.Awclrey left the' house, and took jDr..;Itnmsey round ;hy the side walk which led to the office. The door was now slightly ajar ; Margaret entered, the doctor following behind her. / .. '."Well, my friend,' said Dr. Bumsey, in his cheerful voice, 'it is good to see you back in your old place again.''Your..; wife's letter was so satisfactory that I could not resist the temptation of coming to see you for myself.' " : 'I am "in perfect, health,' rcplie:.' Awdrey. ■ 'Sit down; won't you, Buin- . sey?. Margaret, my deal", do you mind. . leaving us? ' " ., } ' No, Bobert,' she answered. ' I trust to Dr. Bumsey to bring you hack to your, senses.' . . ' She does not know what she is say ing,' thought Awdrey.: He- followed his wife to . the door, and when she . went out turned the key in the lock.. 'It is a strange .thing,' ■ he said,; the moment he Annul himself alone with' his guest, 'that you, Bumsey, should be here at this moment." Ton were with me during the hour of my most terrible physical and mental degradation"; you have now come to see mo through tli*V hour, of my' moral degradation—-!• - victory." ' . 'Your moral degradation or victory ? . said the doctor; 'what does this mean ?. . ' 'It simply means this, Dr. Bumsey; I am the unhappy possessor of a.secrct.' 'Ah!' - ■ \- 'Yes, a;. secret. "Were ;!this- secret known, my wife's "heart would W broken, and this honourable ■ house,•" of which I am the last descendant, would go to complete shipwreck. I do not talk of myself in the matter.' \- '.Do, you mean to-confide in me ?' asked the doctor, after a pause. 'I cannot, for the simple.reason that . if I told you everything, you would bo bound as a man and a gentleman to take - steps.to ensure the downfall which I. dread.': 'Arc you certain that you are not . suffering from delusion ? : ' Ho, doctor. I wish! were.' '■You certainly look sane enough,' - said the doctor, examining his patient with a keen glance. . You must allow me to congratulate ;you. If I had not' seen you with my own eyes I could never have believed in suck a feforma-. tion. You are' bronzed, your frame has widened, you have not a scrap of super fluous "flesh about-you. let me feel ''•'■ yow■ arm; my dear sir, youx.inusclc js to be envied!' . / -c! !"-: " - . • ;'I was: famed for my- athletics;long?":: ago,' said Awdrey, with a grim smile. . 'But now, doctor, to facts. You have ' come here; it is possible for me'.to take' you "into my confidence to a certain extent. - "Will you allow me to state my ease?' ■ ' As you intend only to state it par-'. tially it will be difficult for me to ad vise you,' said the doctor. ' Still, will von listen!' 'I will.' •' Well,"the fact is this,' said Awdrey. rising, .'either God or. the devil take possession of me to-night.' . ; ' Come, come,'; said Bumsey, ' you. are exaggerating the state of the case.? . 11 am not. I am going through the most desperate fight that ever assailed a! : man. I may get out on the side of" good, hut at the present moment I must* state fraukly that'all my inclinations;!, tend to getting out of this struggle on! the side which will put. me into thd; ! devil's hands.' . : ;! • v ' Come,' said the doctor again, 'if that; is so there can he no doubt with ;regard! to your position. You must close with!, right even though it is a struggle. You confess to possessing a secret; that'' secret is the cause of your misery ; there, is a right and a wrong to it ?' :j ' Undoubtedly; a very great right and! a very grave wrong.' _■ . I ' Then, Awdrey, do not hesitate J ])h. man enough to do the right.' - tl Awdrey turned white. . -, I You are the second person who has. come here to- night and advised me.eji the side of God,' he said, \ ' Out .with your trouble, mail, and relievo your mind.' - • > " \- ' When I: relieve my mind;' said Awdray, •' my wife's heart will break, flnrl mir Iimica will lin rmnwl ''' and our house will be ruined.'/j, • '.AYliat about you T. ■■■.■< . » fl sliall go under.'- •' ' -:J . 'I doubt very much if- your'doing ■ right would ever break' a heart like your vnfe's,'-'said Kumsey,-.'. but doing wrong .would undoubtedly, crush he? spirit.'^,, . * There you'.are'.iigain^will- no one take the-"devil's part? -Dr. Hiimscy, I firmly beliovc^ that it is owing to your ' influence thatl am now in my sane mind, hut when I think of the path which you now advocate, I could curse the day when you-brought,me' back to health and sanity. A very little influence on the other side, a mere letting me alone, and I should now either be a madman or in my grave; my secret would have been inviolate to the bitter end. As it. There was a noise heard outside—the sound made by a faltering footstep. The brush of a woman's dress was distinctly audible against the door; this was ' followed by a timid knock. 'Who is disturbing us now?' said Awdrey, with irritation.' ;• ' I will see,'said the doctor. He crossed the room as he spoke and opened the door. An untidily dressed girl with' a ghastly face \ stood without. AVhen the door was opened -she peered anxiously into'the room.- ' - . 'Is Mr. Awdrey in?—yes, I see him. I must speak to him at once.' - ; She staggered across the threshold. 'I must see you alone,; Squire,' she said—' quite alone and at once.'' \- .'This has to"do with the matter under consideration,' said the Squire. .'Come in, Hetty ; sit down. Bumsey, you . liad best leave us.' (to ax ooxcronED rimer wmx.) 