(Published by Request] CATHOLIC NOTES THE HOLY SEE AND ANGLICAN ORDERS. Authorised Text of the Bull. (Concluded.) 8.—THE MIND AND AIM OF THOSE WHO COMPOSED THE ANGLICAN ORDINAL For the full and accurate understanding of the Anglican Ordinal, besides what we have noted as to some of its parts, there is nothing more pertinent than to consider carefully the circumstances under which it was composed and publicly authorised. It would be tedious to enter into details, nor is it necessary to do so, as the history of that time is sufficiently eloquent as to the animus of the authors of the Ordinal against the Catholic Charch, as to the abettors whom they associated with themselves from the heterodox sects, and as to the end they had in view. Being fully cognizant of the necessary connection between faith and worship, between " the law of believing and the law of praying" under a pretext of returning to the primitive form, they corrupt- ed the liturgical order in many ways to suit the errors of the reformers. For this reason in the whole Ordinal not only is there no clear mention of the sacrifice, of consecration, of the sacerdotium, and of the power of consecrating and offering sacrifice, but, as we have just stated, every trace of these things, which had been in such prayers of the Catholic rite as they had not entirely rejected, was deliberately removed and struck out. In this way the native charac- ter—or spirit, as it is called—of the Ordinal clearly manifests itself. Hence, if vitiated in its origin, it was wholly insufficient to confer Orders, it was impossible that in the course of time it could become sufficient, since no change had taken place. In vain those who, from the time of Charles I., have attempted to hold some kind of sacrifice or of priesthood, have made some additions to the Ordinal. In vain, also, has been the contention of that small section of the Anglican body formed in recent times, that the said Ordinal can be understood and interpreted in a sound and orthodox sense. Such efforts, we affirm, have been and are made in vain, and for this reason, that any words in the Anglican Ordinal, as it now is, which lend themselves to ambiguity, cannot be taken in the same sense as they possess in the Catholic rite. For once a new rite has been initiated in which as we have seen the Sacrament of Orders is adulterated or denied, and from which all idea of consecra- tion and sacrifice has been rejected ; the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost" no longer holds good ; because the spirit is infused into the soul with the grace of the Sacrament, and with the words, " for the office and work of a priest or Bishop," and the like, no longer hold good, but remain as words with- out the reality which Christ instituted. Several of the more shrewd Anglican interpreters of the Ordinal have perceived the force of this argument, and they openly urge it against those who take the Ordinal in a new sense, and vainly attach to the Orders conferred thereby a value and efficacy which they do not possess. By this same argument is refuted the contention of those who think that the prayer, " Almighty God giver of all good things," which is found at the beginning of the ritual action, might suffice as a legitimate form of Orders, even in the hypothesis that it might be held to be sufficient in a Catholic rite approved by the Church. 9.—CATHOLIC DOCTRINE OF INTENTION. With this inherent defect of form is joined the defect of intention, which is equally essential to the Sacrament. The Church does not judge about the mind and intention in so far as it is something by its nature internal ; but in so far as it is manifested externally she is bound to judge concerning it. When anyone has rightly and seriously made use of the due form and the matter requisite for effecting or conferring the Sacrament he is considered by the very fact to do what the Church does. On this principle rests the doctrine that a Sacra- ment is truly conferred by the ministry of one who is a heretic or unbaptised, provided the Catholic rite be employed. On the other hand, if the rite be changed, with the manifest intention of introducing another rite not approved by the Church, and of rejecting what the Church does, and what by the institution of Christ belongs to the nature of the Sacrament, then it is clear that not only is the necessary intention want- ing to the Sacrament, but that the intention is adverse to and destructive of the Sacra- ment. 10.—DECISION OF THE HOLY OFFICE AND POPE'S FINAL DECREE. All these matters have been long and carefully considered by Ourselves, and by Our Venerable Brethren, the Judges of the Supreme Council, of whom it has pleased Us to call a special meeting upon the Feria V., the 16th day of July last, upon the solemnity of Our Lady of Mount Carmel. They with one accord agreed that the question laid before them had been already adjudicated upon with full knowledge of the Apostolic See, and that this renewed dis- cussion and examination of the issues had only served to bring out more clearly the wisdom and accuracy with which that de- cision had been made. Nevertheless, We deemed it well to postpone a decision, in order to afford time, both to consider whether it would be fitting or expedient that We should make a fresh authoritative declaration upon the matter, and to humbly pray for a fuller measure of Divine guidance. Then, considering that this matter of practice although already decided, had been by certain persons, for whatever reason, recalled into discussion, and that thence it might follow that a pernicious error would be fostered in the minds of many who might suppose that they possessed the Sacrament and effects of Orders, where these are nowise to be found, it has seemed good to Us in the Lord to pronounce Our judgment. Wherefore, strictly adhering in this matter to the decrees of the Pontiffs, Our predecessors, and confirming them most fully, and, as it were, renewing them by Our authority, of Our own motion and certain knowledge We pronounce and declare that Ordinations carried out according to the Anglican rite have been, and are, absolutely null and utterly void. It remains for Us to say that even as WE have entered upon the elucidation of this grave question in the name and in the love of the " Great Shepherd," in the Same We appeal to those who desire and seek with a sincere heart the possession of a hierarchy and of Orders. Perhaps, until now, aiming at the greater perfection of Christian virtue, and searching more devoutly the Divine Scriptures, and redoubling this fervor of their prayers, they have, nevertheless, hesitated in doubt and anxiety to follow the voice of Christ, which, so long has interiorly admonished them. Now they see clearly whether He in his goodness invites them and wills them to come. In returning to his one only fold, they will obtain the blessing which they seek, and the consequent helps to salvation of which He has made, the Church, the dispenser, and, as it were, the consequent guardian and promoter of His redemption amongst the nations. Then, indeed, " they shall draw waters in joy from the fountains of the Saviour." His won- drous Sacraments, whereby His faithful souls have their sins truly remitted, and are restored to the friendship of God, are nourished and strengthened by the Heavenly Bread, and abound with the most powerful aids for their eternal salvation. May the God of Peace, the God of all consolation, in His infinite tenderness, enrich and fill with all these blessings those who truly yearn for them. We wish to direct Our exhortation and Our desires in a special way to those who are ministers of religion in their respective communities. They are men who from their very office take precedence in learning and authority, and who have at heart the glory of God and the salvation of souls. Let them be the first in joyfully submitting to the Divine call, and obey it and furnish a glorious example to others. Assuredly with an exceeding great joy their Mother, the Church, will welcome them and will cherish with all her love and care those whom the strength of their generous souls has amidst many trials and difficulties led back to her bosom. Nor could words express the recognition which this devoted courage will win for them from the assemblies of the brethren throughout the Catholic world, or what hope or confident it will merit for them before Christ as their Judge, or what reward it will obtain from Him in the Heavenly Kingdom ! And We Ourselves in every lawful way shall continue to promote their reconciliation with the Church in which individuals and masses, as We ardently desire, may find so much for their imitation. In the meantime, by the tender mercy of the Lord Our God, We ask and beseech all to strive faithfully to follow in the open path of Divine grace and Truth. We decree that these Letters and all things contained therein shall not be liable at any time to be impugned or objected to by rea- son of fault or any other defect whatsoever of subreption of obreption or of Our inten- tion, but are and shall be always valid and in force, and shall be inviolably observed both juridically and otherwise, by all of whatsoever degree and pre-eminence ; declaring null and void anything which in these matters may happen to be contrariwise attempted, whether wittingly or unwittingly, by any person whatsoever by whatsoever authority or pretext, all things to the contrary notwithstanding. We will that there shall be given to copies of these Letters, even printed, provided that they be signed by a notary and sealed by a person constituted in ecclesiastical dignity, the same credence that would be given to the expression of Our will by the showing of these presents. Given at Rome, at St Peter's in the year of the Incarnation of Our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and ninety- six, on the Ides of September in the nineteenth year of Our Pontificate. C. Card. DE RUGGIERO, A. Card. BIANCHI, Pro-Datarius. VISA. Official of Despatch de Curia : J. Dell Aquila Visconti. In place of t the Seal. Registered in the Secretariate of Briefs, I. CUGNONI. 