Town Talk. -t:o: That the Australian Eleven played a game against (and also played with) a Nottingham team last week. That there could, of course, be only one out come to such a contest, and it therefore came out as anticipated- viz.-but, there, it seems almost unnecessary to state it. That, for fear some "foreigners" away in the 1back blocks may not have heard, or may have overlooked, the news-well, the colonials won by six wickets. That in their third contest with Yorkshire they were successful, with 140 runs to the good. That that matter of the Itockhampton wharves is the most mixed-up affair that Queensland has ever known. That the Municipal Council seem to have done all sorts of contradictory things. That they topped the hurdles by asking the people "to vote for arbitration on the one hand and sign a petition against it on tmo othier." That the whole affair is considered by many persons to be the biggest hash of a thing that has taklen place on this side of the Equator within the memory of white men. That it is believed that not even the blacks in their wildest days ever did anything that could come within a furlong of Friday week's job. jobThat it is hoped by the Fernvale people (and others who are seized of the circumstances) that the Education Department will see their way clear to build a new school there. That it is likewise hoped that it will be crected in a central position. That an old goods-shed did well enough for a school in the days of the dim and distant past -when the world was young. That it is not, however, up to ptesent.day requirements, and should not be used for that purpose. That the two youths who entered for the junior ploughing competition at Laidley pro bably never before did anything that paid them so well. That, for a small outlay, they scooped the pool to the popular melody of £7 10s. That theseyoung men should have an "all right" sort of Christmas. That a nusiber of others who were thinking about entering, but who did not, must be ob jurgating themselves for their fatintheartednese. That faint heart never won dark lady, nor did faint heart ever win a· plooghing match.. That the.new concrete drain in Satan's V. shaped Depression is rapidly becoming a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. That the improvement was badly needed, an~d stagnant pools with green and other coloured liquid in them will soontbe a thing of the past. in that locality. That the Council should tp.rn .their attentiodn to the tincture df cholera which frequenti'ruo?us down the water- table on the northern side of Brdsbane-street, and empties itself into the de pression mentioned. ' That, if that flow could be stopped .o diso infected at its source, Brisbane.strest East would be a much niser place for pedestrians and for the residents there. . That Orandehester has, apparently, some very- much-matured larrikins. That oneiwould naturally suppose that a small country place like that would be free from per sons who would condouct themselves in nueh a way as reported in last Tuesday's issue. That, if the report is correct in every detall, then the Orandchester "larrys" eertainlytake ahigh rank, fos their performaneea scaroely been excelled by'some of thedydney '.pushesn' That if the trustees were to distribnte?hew pieces of bine paper amongst theoftendes it might have a very salutary effect.; That all properly-brought- up persons attend concerts and danoeso to gojoy themselves-dsi a rational manner-not tb do the pit?pkid headed fool business. .", That all irhodo the ltter should,'in.sbe. way, be ed to feel the disst and boiiteppt of she raspeotabli's;ortiohi oI thicmihnity. That the weather this weekt~al besa o?thr xaeor-edged. . . That it has got home withi its left oh nearly everybody --young and old,and alo.old ~nd' yosng: .- . . ' That a nomber of. youthlil atiles:have owned up to being:the possessors of frosienfeet, ,o it is little wondesf that. midtdleage d 4tnddi>. derly peoplearecombpljong abopt the weather. That the heat-wwbe ·of isat sumoner see ms to have squasred thingsominehew, the result being that we are now enjoying a eiod wave. That in January au't the.meruny in some parts of Ipswich ~c st'lltdleg. daysiter a-, and now the offer of t "fl yer" wouldn't tempt it to rise much beyond GOdeg., while at nIght, in spite of threats and entreatles, it retires In dwellings to 84deg.' with a modesty that voult make the fortune of anythlnghuman. ,: That,etrauge to say,nosonstrokeehave been recorded this month. . That at lest (long last).the cricket season is over. Thorat" bata nd ball" this year eems to have lasted about e)ght months. , . r - That, ~durng theaieiod, some naUIgt deeds were. perloemed Zbig, st .res :opub p, ,4bus' eegssap~prprlated,, easy ctohes sss ?. ?to. ?. That 4, ew clphb, $.he: Limeatosne; have done pretty well toraycung lot,. .;., That this goes to show what constant p?so. tioe, baekednp bygoodosaching, will do. That, if t?ther, olubs could see their way to procure coache, amuoh benefit.would result. That .Ipswlch men have often prmvedttheir mettle in the world o! athletics. That the highsbo light in that direction is now about tobe attempted-so It Is said. That it is no less than a fly at the sculling championship ol the world.. - . That if Btansbury wins the Thames belt,and Slack puts him down,-won'tthe Ipswiohnatives get upon their hind legs and paw the air? Thatthenthe "foreignere"and" southernerae will not have a ghost of a show to own Brisbane street. That, in fact, they will not be allowed in town at all, and will have to get beack over Denmark Hill, or camp on the other side of the One-mile Bridge. That Morry was completely laid out during a football match last Saturday. That, though on the football-field, he fancied he was drowning in the trackless deep (or some thing like that), and appealed to someone to save him. That it was many hours before his cocoannut got all right. That the secretary of the Lanefield Co-opera tive Dairy Company says that he has not had the pleasure of noticing tshe' milk-suppliers wearing feathers in their hats. That be seems to be as lacking in a sense of humour as he is peculiar in his arithmetic. That after stating that the average price paid for milk in May varied from fld. to 5O4, per gallon, he calmly adds that, as thirteen were paid the former price and thirty-five something more, "this will clearly prove that 'alittle over 0d.' was not the correat figure (as was stated to a Times reporter)." That-what wretched quibbling! Perhaps he imagines that 56d. and 5id. mean a little under bd. That the milk-soppliere don't think so, any way. That the frail craft, "Federation," has been launched on the troubled waters of the Legisla tive Assembly. That, as it is announced that the majority of the members do not care a continental about the matter, the betting is now in favour of the measure being wrecked. That the feature of the session, so far, is the uneapectedly peaceful attitude of the Labour members. That in previous sessions they were always cracking that they were much-injured people, and that they were tyrannised over by a brutal eapitalistis Government, &t.;, &c.;, &de.; hat y were also everlastingly wanting the whole o le's business to stand still until the one- vote fad became law, or until it w e whether Bill Jones's overtime hadI the railway department. Sso much of that idiotio non as ?oalsition taken up by the rea in Sto okBill was nob they would have tried to talk it out, they would have fought over every letter in it, and would hare got up meet ings all over the country at which the grasping -. cormorant squatter would have been held up.. to execration, and so on. That loec the party .etually approve of the mensure, and Dunsford trecoaom it as "another moiety of State socialismol "' Imnorlal mother of Jacob, listen to that I That if the party keep on like this they will become really useful members of the iouse and a credit to their constituencios. 