COBOENT NOTES. (By Jovenis.) (From ^Nortij Queonslnnd Register") J The Conference of Members of Cham bers of Commerce now sitting in. Ijou don 5* eh-tap: Victorians some anxiety Tlie latter fully believe in reciprocity, of their own kind. If Great Britain! permit aH Victorian produce to enter duty free, Victorians wiii be on- ' ly+oolsappy to redprocateby placing o doty of 20 per cent on all British goods. Tills is tlie only kind of recip-| roeity tliat will so down in Victoria at l>resent; itmay before long, pay to eitaiige tie brand. Reciprocity, like lore, is rarely a success, unless it is on botl) sides. Some etockownors on the coast are rattier indignant at die email lot of oil seut up by ttie Government. It won't go round,' and mans- cattle-owners tiave determined no uo longer support a Ministry wlio ore niggardly with tfceir oiL Xbe coast cattle man is evi dently of the opinion that stock, like sardines, must be preserved in oil if die ticks are to be destroyed, and to only receive one per cent of tie rough on 'ticks (Jiey -expected, ibns nudeiy shattered their c-onfidienee in die Asri culmral DejKurtment. 1 Lave often, speculated upon tie. rea son. fur our present scepticism, tiie vain of reverence Dor old age, saints, relics, ghosts, and many other vener able institutions, ami the modem lore for sport, especially Sunday sport, prurient; literature, and ailini cash. A. lady at the recent conference has sol red't&e; problem for me, and1 to the unrestricted use of toys on Sundays, we largely owe tide tremendous social and moral revolution. True Sunday hot dinners may liave assisted-HE Bumble was of tbe opinion (bat ic was meat and not madness, which induced Oliver Dwist to damage Mr Noali Claypo)e"s eye-4>ut that toys bave been tlie principal: demoralizing agent cannot tie dntfbted by any judical mind. Tliis great dSscoveiy .should assfot ©ray head of a family to train up hie cU idreu in the way they sho?!d go, and the reforming business, like charity, must bqgin at home. If I not ice in Master S^giniM Vavasour Juv enis, the dfgiitest inclination towards Sunday football, filing, cigarettes, or bad language, I shall bash in liis Noah's Ark, and liand over Ms tini whistle and trumpet to the Chinese Opera. Company- The toys must go ; and as most of these axe made In Ger many, it wilt be patrioHc to suppress rtwtl, EHiat ittoncgr & the root of all evil, Is fcnrentiy believed by; ail who toave least of it. >viiile not going to extrem es like tfois, I cannot sbnt any. <^yes to the fact that wealth does elknten a man's clraaae of paradise. mw hard ening effect of lucre is one of the greatest obstacles in tiie path of the earnest rtmntflji worker ajotxfrdiog to one of them. 'Missions to servant girls ditto to unwashed boys, and other ef forts among the humbler **ass&& hare not been without success; but as wealth comes to wvnm Heaven re cedes, and after he starts it drawing room, be is as difficult to taonvert as a OUinaman. Tie Cherubim and Ser aphim , nee esidqiiiy. not recruited from palaces. lit Great Britain there is a censor of P&iy;)£» and lie lately refused to sanc ^ODi tiie performance of Jos^iitt of Oanatw, on tiie groaods ticic Briueab morals would not be improved by a S&S;® vecaon of the ftoz^r of Madame PottjVbSar, and Mir Joseph' Trho, if &c; counts GUI' be frosted, was a man. after Mis Harrison |jeeT^s otto heart. Aii official of nrach tiie same sort^ will epon be necessary to keep bis eye on itie column of the daily press other enrent literaluie. if* something of die sort is not done, we shall iiave tiie society for the Propagation of Otn^t Uul knowledge issuing *^Moll IftaiEdeis^ In a cheap form for use in 5Toung Ladies' Colleges, and1 ngii*>feigq as a text book for Snndajr School scholars. The recent libel action in TownsTille bas shown tbat enlightened Munici pal Government is absolutely necess ary for any city that aspires to metro politan rank. That this is so Is proved by the great growtli of ToYrosnue since the foundation of the Municipal ity. Xhe effiomuous increase of wool and gold, the starting of the great meat works, the extension of the Ijreafcrouier and the magnilic»Mit KDieHs of Iloes <Oreek, are all of recent origin; and to the good taste, mod esty, courtesy, sound judgment, and toustnass dfolfcHy of the city fathers some of Vibe credit for this -wonderful growth is largely due. 9taie, at times, tiiey behave more like sons than fetJieis, but <tre ore all Iiunian; Verily tlie old saying: ISIbow me your Mayor and Aldermen, and I will (jell yon what your citizens are like," is wortHiy'of aH acceptation. , . TSie Congress or the OUamlwrs of C<nu ?netu: Uar> passed a resolution affirm ing ttiat tin the opinion of the Congress, Western Atetralia offers si>«3al induce ments to immigrant:;. fHie members of tite Oongress did uot mention tlie articular -class of immigrants, |>ut Congresses rarely descend to detail* . Western Australia lus for some time lieid out £j>edal inducements to many wortliy classes, vriio bare not bceu Slow fn resi^ouding. Pugilists, liorsey inen, chlm saltern, graduates from two np sdiools, Jiave gone over, and done fiiiriy ireU, but the liorny-handed new arrivul lias (bad :1 Lard row to lioe. Tlie Eastern colonies «an supply Wes iraHa tvi'fli any quantity of the above; wiiat the coming colony otintts Is die foreigner wiffli money, wflio is not frigh tened to spend St. for tlas class of immigrante diere is practically iiirliinit ed- demand in W.A. Mr. Kingston, the Soutti Australian Premier, lias a small majority, but a colossal pro^ramiuo. The fashion now is for tiie Ministry to indicate what is necessary to save -die country ; some! time ago Hie people *vere content to indicate the legislation necessary, and trust to their political loaders to carry it. Now a minority considers Slcsolf ail universal political provider, and ad vertises "One address only ; novel ties in legislation toy every aiai!; uny experiment tried ait tlie smallest possi ble charge; remnants of former pol icies at a sacrifice." 3Biere will be tout little difference between. a Soutti j&us; toliau political manifesto andi ti Kixyp goods ad. The slop niau will, how ever, lie always able 4.0 save letter xalye* X should bare liked to QiKllie a note I out of the uiau-ii between our country-' wen and Maryiebone. I cannot ut> I»roacli the subject mtSi tlie necessary levity. There camjot he iiunittr where there is bitterness of jjoul, and au Aus tralian, worthy o-f the name, :iiot ill eackeloth and ashes, -will be hard to find. A montii heuce a feeble joke may be worked off ou our recent Water loo, Imt at time of going to press 1 recognise folly that otter all there are subjects which are too sacred uir rliis page. Ad Agricultural College is to be started at Gatton, au d the sell erne, at inr as die buildings so, is certainly a. modest and sensible one, -with oue exception-tlie erection of a sinokiug room. TJiej whole population of the college will not be above fifty, and for ilie Suite, to provide an expensive apartment lor Hie <enjojment of a. noxious wjeed^it will be the duty of tile Principal to tea till -bis pupil* to eradicate) wliiob: produces cancer on tlie lips, absorbing i tbirst Abscesses in almost every, avail able epot not taken up by opium, Mac-' kuy mm, "indulgence"' or "abstin ence," appears to me to be wasteful and ridiculous excess. II Hie lady wlio recently read an eloquent paper on nar cotics -will send a copy to die .Minister for Agriculture tbat smoking room tsliould be doomed. V\'esLerii Australia, is not uie only place wiiere milling; liave, dis played it lime naziness ill cunnecuun Wliiil ni'iuy H 3UOU UU ill..' EsOii a. similar case occurred, x'wu graduates d a fcuuuu-ijj scuooi t>i mines, were "laid ou " to a " siiai't" aoout six leet deei>, at uie botto-m of ivincu was a reei of about an well tiiick. X-liey adoined tile West Aus tralia plan, connecting sue ruse villi a uwnel, into wliidi botli leumi uni'ii nruig. Acs about lu plugs of (lynainue were put into a xoot iiole, juiiKts (it coun try. roct ami reel iwiv laiiKiriially uis triliuieil over lialf-a-dozen vtuer da mis, and several old bands narrowly es caped a. horrible death. This went ou lor a lew days, (tut when a piece of micaceous sandstone <Hx>i>ikh1 into Uie liar of tiie ..Millets' Best," and ruined wliat little grog there was in Uie cauii>, public inui^ruauoii ^V;1S aroused, and die experts were kindly but lirrnlv told, Uiat if they did not leave at once for some other diggings they would be suddenly found dead. Both acted on tne hint, "and are now prosperous milling managers. Promoters of dances must iiave a good, rime 011 tlie Burdekiu Deia. At a. recent boll tliere, wliicii proved a giuu financial (success, au aunlieniic report states that visitors were struck, aud not (lgreeaJjly, ujili tiie cold and clieej 1less asi>eet of tlie ii-i 1) ; tlie limiting wus tso tod tluu viators liad to carry fire-flles to read tbeir urogram lues, and the music might certainly Jiave bceji improved on. Hie one Imigiit! spot in -tlie festivity iipjKiirs to have been die catering, .ivliidi comes in for unstinted praise. ' After all, tliere are j bnt fenv places in tills universe wiiere J rafroslnneots, if riiey ure plentiful, and i good, Kill not cover a multitude of iiii-1 nor eins. TJie New Zealand Government Uave promised a bill to make it illegal to charge usurious interest, a kind of Shyloek-Ikey-Ben-Soloon Suppression Ajct. It is to be lioped, in the interest of cheap money that Mr Seddou will bring in a. little bill to make it a crim inal offence for any borrower to pay. more tliau one per cent interest, eren - It ou personal security only, and pro tecting any person ^tieuuies oiuyj, iviio relumes to pay the principal. if Hie >e\v Zealand i'lettUcr j& miliy aiixioiis to suppress hijjh interest, lie liiUtiC supprubb una ikxniriiy. .'What ivoaneu wail do tvfoeai Uiey are iu a majority is £3iio«\'u -oy liie of ma i r*»uui <;e Acuiiuu Jkidies. it ap pear* uuv-jtc are orny mieeu uieu on tiue jiuaiicL ana tariy-Jive women, ana me ottiy iiope lixe nnmarrieu snoiery ox jjiu Igtiec <uasj is to violently annex »uy SijiU'l'ccki'a iiiariiici* wuu uu|i|)eut» w Oe oisl uii ute feuures uc' uie isisuui. Xlie kt^L vicum was -Uie urate ui uue ,suaw, ivuo, wiieii east up by me :*vttvee» in an uucon&aous; cunaiiiou, ?vvas seized. l>y a single damsel* waio married liim ilgiii olt. wMoui enquir ing about fiiis inclinations. JSudi JugiU Uanae<d proceedings ior-ui a tstrong grguiueut against tne extension of iliat tile Tristan <ie AcaiU idie Ausatiiuui .Veuus, arc ire alikv. 'J.W i'rliicti vi \\\aios is u> bo instal ler. as C4iauc£iiur. *jl Uio cuiversity of iUw iii uie ^cuuiiii^ suuiiut-i'. i'jju c(_iOiiiOi;y waii uuie luaiv at .iioeiystw y-ill, Ule -M-l I uic U1UOSI oi uto COli cuue^es Oi Ule uulVcl^uy jLiie i;ik- auujor or "j_oiu .urowifs Seuuul uays," luiu a particular loua Ul- ss tor Jauius uutseii ljuncins ivm ni->, and would Irequeuuy cpeuu ilullrfc leauUig Hie "Bistort- A'apers"' u) aliy oouy WJIO coula uu induced to listen. li 'jLurKey siiouid go 4u war tlie man \vui> trouiu turecc ner lorceo would be Uaiii Us ma u i'itslia, me iumoiis ae louaor. oi I'iL'vuu, now oS yeats old,, lie lias ioujjui in ajjy uuniuer of en is and is covered ,«iiL> jrlory, ?uiiu -rneuuis. i'nuice Albert, or I'mssia, second couain ol tne Ueruiau emperor, and colonel of a regiment of dragoons, is tlie uiliest mail in tlie German army, with one or two exceptions. Hie Uign uoss stands 0 feet U jiiidies in liis soc»ls.. ticn. ISaussier, military governor of Paris, who, in case of war, would act as coinmanderJn-cliief of die i-'renuli army, tbougli lie lias reaelied tne age limit, lias been continued in oiSco l>y tlie ministry for tliree years longer. II. BaLtaui, tlie former minister of finance in ITaiice, wlio, in consequence of tiie 1'aimuia ecandals was sentenced to live years' imprisonment, was set free conditionally tlie otlier day.. Prof. Tiiedor ilonunseii, of tlie Ber lin University, ax tlie special recommen dation of the Italian minister of public instruction lias 2iad tlie freedom of tlie Eternal City conferred upon liliu. 