ADELAIDE NOTES. Br NORWOOD. The publication of tve weights tor ine Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeple chase has not, so far, caused much specula tion on those events. Backers have decided that All Fours is likely to win the Steeple chase^ and when half a dozen of thefavoured ones in the Hurdle Race had been coupled with the daughter of Swordfish business came to a standstill. When the Caulfield meeting is over and backers have had time to thoroughly digest the handicaps they will, no doubt, find several other horses in the Steeplechase with claims for considera tion. Air. Hughes seems to have done his work remarkably well, and one hears no complaints of his spoiling his work for the sake of the Melbourne horses. At the same time? it is generally conceded that a few nominations from the other Bide have all been given good chances. The Hurdle Race is run over 2£ miles, and on Cauliield form Black Flag, l'2st. 31b., and Simulator, 12st., would appear to be held safe by Eular, list. 51b., who should be the best of the Victorians at the weights. Radiant, list. 71b., and Conventioner, lOst. lllb., both have recent form to commend them, and one of this pair will probably prove the best of the local horses. Jack Sprat, list. 41bv and Ensign, lOst. lllb., have been enjovmg a short rest, and it is doubtful if we shall see either of them quite at their best just yet. Floodbird likes a long journey, and he is nicely placed at lOst. 71b. The Golden King's form at Tattersall's meet- J ing was hardly good enough to give him a winning chance so soon, but with an ex perienced horseman his pace may be the means of his causing a surprise. It is doubtful if there is anything else amongst the 9st. division worthy of consideration, unless Mr. Ferry prefers Baccarat, 9st. 31b., to Simulator. As stated previously, backers are making the Steeplechase a one-horse race, and if All Fours is really well she will probably justify this confidence. Since running such a good race to Dungan in the early autumn she has not appeared to advantage, and Mr. Hughes could hardly have given lier more than list. 21b. Banjo, list. 101b., has pro bably improved considerably since he won at Morphettyille, where All Fours fell. She was giving him a lot of weight, and seems to have the advantage now. Mr. Ferry may E refer Cataract on this occasion, although e has all he has earned in lOst. 71b. The Ghost, lOst. 21b.. has an up-country reputa tion, and is said to be a good jumper, but Doric, lOst., reads better on his last year's form; he has, however, hardly been up lone enough. You4g Lucifer, 9st. 31b., and Simple jfci look the best of the light weights. The former has been a most dis appointing horse, but he will stand up some day and win a good race. Simple Jim has been showing some form in the north over hurdles, and is said to be the makings of a useful horse. The weights for the other events of the first day s racing have also been declared, and give promise of good fields. _ By way of varying the monotony of the field trial of sheep-dogs held by the Royal Agricultural Society at Morpliettville on Saturday, Mr. Whitington made arrange ments tor a parade of two-year-olds and horses in training, with their colours up, besides which^ie members of the Hunt Club were neiS8aded to finish their run over the schoolers in front of the grand stand. The afternoon was showery, out a number of folk interested in both dogs and horses put in an appearance. Most^sf the two-year-oldB in training were on the course, and the general opinion concerning them seemed to be that they are a very creditable lot. The Admiral's brother, Fleet Admiral, naturally stood out amongst them in appearance, as he should do, seeing that he cost as much as most of the others put together. He is without doubt a grand youngster, with all the attributes of a great racehorse, and nothing but bad luck should prevent Mr. Rowan " being rewarded for his pluck and enterprise in paying the big price he did for him. Mr. David James seems to have hit the nail in the right place again in securing the colt by TJiunderlwlt Pantoufle. He is not so powerful and com manding as his relation Fleet Admiral, but is very evenlv made, and a beautiful mover. Should he get to the top of the tree, as his namesake Cord Salisbury has done, he will prove as great a bargain as Aurana. Another nice colt is the one by Enfilade from.Rustle, called Firelock. He shows a lot of quality, and should do well with time. C. Quin is alwayB dangerous in our early two jrear-old races, and he has a nice, gelding by Padlock called Security. Though not a big one, lie is very sturdv and compact. The brother to Maie by Escut cheon is not so pleasing in appearance, but he may be better than he looks. Field Gun, an ola-fashioned looking customer by Za linski; Thunder King, a dark-grey brother to Hailstone; and Rosepark, a sister to Marryatville, complete the quintet he has in work. The two Malua yearlings pur chased by Mr. Wigley are to "be allowed to mature before being put into training. Mr. George Reid has a useful-looking pair in the .half-Drother to The Arab by Albury and a colt by The Englishman-Speech. The former is a very fine black colt that with time should make up into a bigger horse than Simulator. Taliesin, a chestnut half-brother to Bruin by Nautilus, seemB an improvement on some of the Hermit horse's get, being more compact. He is under Hills care, and is owned by Mr. Dsvid James. Mr. Elworthy is preparing a couple of nice youngsters for the trainer. Moonte's half-brother by Nautilus is a well grown colt that may be the means of bring ing his sire to the front, as his half- brotliei have done, and Portsea's sister appear be built ,on 'the same stout lines brother, with apparently more si. substance than her sister, Lady showed at the same age. Perhaps thl precocjom-looking youngster of theVJS the produce ofEnfilade and Conjecture, », ^t caUedjSmithercens. He is a very neat little fellow, and looks as sharp as a needle,j He aleo showed that he knows how to stretdi him»ejt in bis short spurt down the i straight. Of Jhe elder division paraded Broken Hill' andXord Grenville both look in nice con ation for. fteu- Cup preparations, but Port! AtowM^^»ooked as bright as usual Mf' rtt Concussion, by 1)11 v it H wUbtfUl if nC Will be rpnrlv fr*i: meet^OTVa Uke Newbaven and Resolute ty the.ypring. Our^ther Derby candi n? . own« he has at from the training tracks infalv l«&«Sr&ttvlUe; Biraa' ?ArtlUerjyMid Mostyn, were also on the r should make his mark ^ *ua he will get m th£ ^lie satisfactory in South Australia at the jropded .by the balaS We Racing Glut for the past year. Improvements have cost close on £1,400. Stakes have gone on increasing every year till the respectable amount of £4,085, the sum given away last year, haa been reached, and yet the club's credit balance has improved during the past year by nearly £800. Trainers and owners are expressing their gratitude to the club for the satisfactory condition the training tracks have been placed in during the year. The new cinder track assists trainers in the very wet weather considerably. The course proper, too, is now receiving attention under the guidance of ivlr. Prestwytch. Mr. S. G. Cook's head man. When the areas" ings of tan and sand are completed and the grass get6 a good hold the going should be wonderfully improved. Hortensius has been giving his trainer some trouble lately: he suffers with rheu matism in the shoulder at this time of the year. A little easing-off now may not affect his Caulfield Cup chance, seeing that he raced through the autumn. Successor has gone wrong, too, just when he seemed likely to score. He is supposed to have wenched himself on the tracks at Morphettville last week. 