RETURNED. MINISTERIALISTS ............... 3 LABOR .................... 1 Mr. GLassey at Bundaberg was all for law and order, and defied evidence that his party had ever encour- aged lawlessness. How does the appended extract from "The Worker" of the 16th of May, 1891, fit in with that assertion :— "So we must fly a rebel flag, As others did before us, And we must sing a rebel song, And join in rebels chorus. We'll make the tyrants feel the sting O' those that they would throttle ; They neddn't say the fault is ours, If blood should stain the wattle." The latest political "pome" is from Cairns. It reads :— Come on free men, do not delay To join the Labor Party! Roll up upon the polling day And vote for M. J. McCarthy. The "Brisbane Telegraph," writing of the Political Association and the North Brisbane election says :— "Its fortunes have sunk so low that its only offering consists of two young pigeons for this old constituency." When the news came through on Saturday night that Nelson's nomina- tion paper had been declared informal there was considerable excitement, It being thought the Premier had fallen a victim. It is peculiar that a man with such a reputation for smartness should be the victim of two stupid errors ; he was thrown out of the Gregory contest at the last gen- eral election because he nominated for "North Gregory." The "Wide Say News" thus deals with one of the candidates for the Burnett: "Mr. M'Cord had a splendid reception at Nanango, a majority of the meting strongly supporting him., There were eleven present." Mr. Bell at Toowong, who is pluck ily fighting .a losing battle with Mr., Tom Finney, has pessimistic views of the prospect® of the Labor party at this election. He eays: "The real is sue at the forthcoming election watf not Individualism again^st Bodalfem. The question was were they h» havo an Opposition in Paiiiament —(cheers) —4o> beep •the Government in order* because lie Relieved the Government would get back to power. He did not conceal i the belief that he had. (Cheers.) Some people were afraid Hie habor party would get into power, but they could take it ftom him that there was no danger 4his time/' "Points" in the Brisbane "Telegraph* revcis in attacking Byxqes and Kings bury, indeed there is no general elec tion for that paper, only the North, fundi South ©risteme contests. The papers prays : "Electors of Brisbane Norths do not faave Byrnes and Kingsburyj fammed tdowa your tfunate by tha ^Cowitt" and its tenants* the Politl* caT Association" For a gentleman who presides at tea mee&ngs; Mr. Kingsbury is a. tri fle forcible. In his speech in the Gen .temnial Sail such sentences as rfhesei occurred: "That cad ovet there," "That idiots in 43be gallery," "That fool what beeps interjecting," 'That buffoon who. wfll not let me speak.." "What we want in ihe country," cri ed an impassioned political orator, "ia relief !" "Come down then*" shouted a man in the audience, "and jpe'll have * ■ . .1 iigil-J4Hi--. , Messrs. <5\. S. McGhie and J. Nor J»an, the borough, older than, their fellows,, They say ; "Generally, of course, oud politics are Socialistic.' ' : Mr. Tait, &• Labor candidate a£ Macbay, if he once gets, in intendsi to make his seat safe. JLasten to thisa *^Mr. Beady asked if Mr. Tait waa pledged to the Labor platform ? Mr,,' Tait said he was. In reply to anot her question by Mr. Beady, the candi-» date said that in the event of *heHam«j ilton railway coming up again he wo<( idd do as be bad stated, remember the(; interests of his own 'district first, 4hose( of the colony afterwards, even though! ft meant voting against Hie Jjaboti party. The Executive of Mr. B. 3. Sayer^5 Committee are requested to meet at thoi rooms, comer of<5ill and Deane Streets! at 8 o'clock this evening.. , «»ne of the Premier's meetings he was asked if he believd in Woman's; Franchise ; " Well," said the candidate* " I'll tell yon all. about it. When £ wiaot advice on mattens of finance* I consult the Auditor €&meaaL; Snould," I need light on «. legal point I go to fh& Attorney-General. In the same way# there is an expert for every depart ment, and ministers need not go> astray when, in difficulty of any kind. Now^ on this matter of woman's frwnchls^ I have consulted my- malijnibnlu authority, and she ftinfce tfajfc thja wp* mm will be better without it. pi does not want the fmssSgS&fr; ttA J Mr. fliggsisanotherto baekdow^ on Sotaaltem. At the ^alley. i drnnb ontoe ^e _1 w mtmemtih comments on, Ms attitude as follows I " IfllKMr candidature in the very person of the editor of the " Worker" ton dropped from the sublime heights of Socialism In .our tune to a. reform party and reform legislation. Oh, what a fall m t3ie?re! Every politician in the world Is on the side of reform. Bnt while Mr. Higgs as seekng the electors favor in Fortitude Valley as ai simple common place reformer he has to keep the Socialistic flag flying over the " Worker." There will be two Mr. Higgses for a fortnight. After that there will be the Mr. Higgis we know so well. He deserves the pity of the Valley electors, bnt not their votes: Let those who feel inclined to take a harsh view of his candidature reflect impartially upon the difficulty of sim ultaneously editing the " Worker," in which Socialism is fashionable and getting a seat in Parliament for the Valley where Socialism is unfashion able^ Poor Wallace Nelson ! two attemute to get into Parliament and blocked by his own and his followers' stupidity at the threshold. Tthey can run a nation- but not fill up a nomination pa per ; do wonders, in the future, bnt stumble over a petty detail in the pre sent. Mr. Browniee, who was looking the other way when the starting gate went up at Ingham bad a bit of hard luck. He had' sold a part of Ms In terest in Ms claim, got a lot of election printing ready, and was just armed for the campaign. The party, however, ihave the consolation of knowing that neither at the Herbert or the Mas grave had their men the ghost of a Ehow. Mr. J. D. Houghton its a native of -North Queensland, being born at Bowen 33 yeates ago. Mr. John' D. Houghton addressed a large and representative meeting at Boehfoxd^ fsays the "RavenswooH Mining Journal," on Friday night. He spoke for an hour anpl half, touching upon £he several subjects embodied in the manifesto, and was weU received. Mr. P. F. Peek occupied the chair. 