THE CRIME knc OF ang At -THE "'LIZA JANE," . Br FERGUS HUME, pe Soc Author of "The Mystery of a Iansom "Cab," "The Dwarf's Chamber," &c.; oh, Bri Publish?d by special arrangement wlith to Messrs. Ward, Lock ' Bowden, Ltd. sil [ALL RIGHTS BESERVEB.] sta Pa the OHAPTER XXIX, THIE SOLUTION OF THE OIYSTERY. I stood on the threshold of the cabin be thunder-strnuk, turned to stone alnost In capable of epeech. Was the man a ghost ? Did the dead return . This was the great eat mystery of all. "Cyrus Barry I" I gasped, leaning sick and faint against the wall. " Cy-" My voice died away in my throat. The un expeoted appearance of the dead man took l' away voice and power of thought. m "Yes, I am COrps Barry," he said quietly, "and you are Dr. Fairfax, whom no my poor brother sent to avenge my death. vi Well, I am not dead. I was only wounded, and that not seriously." I turned to look for Adelaide, if only to re draw self-control from her proud gaze, but she was gone. While I had been staring at this new Lazarus, she had fled up the stairs sa and left me alone with her old loever. "It Is jest as well," said Barry, in answer to my inquiring look. "I would rather tell you my story without her being to present." "Tell me your story l" " Yes; I think you have earned a right to a hear it, so I determined to set your mind at gc rest before I left England." al "You leave England!" I said, stupidly wondering why he thus abandoned his career. " To-night, if the wind rises, as there is al every chance of its doing b3fore midnight." b " Why d' "PFr several reasons. One, because Iam a marked man, and may be killed at any w moment by the anarohisat another, bo- W oause I killed Bruceo.'- B "You killed him 2" to "Yes; I killed the scoundrel," aold f Barry, in tones of the deepest hatred. " Heo brought about my ruin with the Soofety; he dc tried to kill me ; he would have done so re had he lived. I tried to save myself." th SBat, Barry, how did--l" F " It'e a long story. Come in and see my $ brother, then youen will hear ell It is the a only thing I can do for youn, who tried so n' hard to avenge my death. Come." fe I bowed my head, and obeyed in silence. Captain Jim smiled as I bent over him, and weakly pressed my hand. ", You see I was right in saying I would t meet you in Msunxby," he said, in an un usually strong voice. "Cyrus was doter- d mined to tell yon all before leaving England d for ever. Sit down on that ohost, my friend, and listen." P I did as he told me, and looked at Barry, a' who stood with loaeely folded hands, in the g full glare of the lamp, He was a splendid - looking man, but his face was thin and z colourless. Only by the greatcst effort did o he manage to speak. b "You know the most of the story," he 0 said, looking at me with strange Intensity, t] "so I need not go over old ground. But for T the sake of making things clear I will re- n capitulate to some extent." d I made no comment on this speech beyond m bowing my head, upon which he resumed his story-surely one of the strangest that c had ever issued from the lips of man. Even r now as I write, the scene arises before my mind's eye: The narrow, stifling cabin all n shadow and yellow mist ; the anarchist with I his noble head thrown back; his hands, as it were in handcuff, hanging before him ; and the sick man on the bed gazing stead fastly at his brother-at the ielon and h murderer, whom he loved with exceeding I level It was a strange soene, bhut the story r was stranger. "I am now a wanderer," said Barry, in I his deep voice ; "but as you know, I was a N journallst and a socialist-not an anarchist I e No, I am not a brute; nor did I see the use of nsing violent means to reform the world. I My objection to those measures brought e about the whole of this tragedy, as you shall hear. There La some good in me. Dootor t Fairfax, though very little. If I killed one man, I saved a hundred. Pat this against that, and do not blame me over-much. "The story commences from the time when I went to Scotland some years ago. Adelaide was then singing at a music-hall, and was by no means the great lady she is now. I was deeply in love with her; but she refused to listen to me, on the plea that I I was not rich. Hitherto I had always o scorned money, as I believed in an equal division of things. A socialist never desires to be rich. But love put all those ideas of equality and fraternity out of my head, and I I determined to earn money, so as to make i Adelaide my wife. I did not see how I could get a fortune, till chance sent me to a Edinburgh. Then I became friendly with Bruce and his mother. He was alaw-clerk, I poor and unknown, and helped to support I his mother, who was sick and feeble. The 1 son was called away from Edinburgh, and a the mother died." "It was then that she revealed her hie- t "Yes; she told me that her real name was Laura West, and that she was the legitimate wife of Sir Walter Cardell. t Before she died she gave me the certificate. of marriage, and implored me to reinstate Leonard Bruce in his birthright. Before I 1 could promise this she died, and I was left I holding the yonng man's fortunes in my hand unfettered by any oath." 1 " Still you knew what she wished, and shaould have acted honouraily," I said, 1 with some reproach. "I acted in the manner I thought would gain me Adelaide," replied Barry coldly. a With the certificate I returned to London, and made inquiries about the Cardell family. Then I learned that Sir Walter was dead, and that he had been sucnceeded by his younger brother Digby, who had made a great deal of money by leasing his estates for the building of Marxbhy." "Did you know that he was in love with Miss Erakine I" I asked curiously, "' Not at that time, but I did nlater on; I offered to supprcss the certificato and tell Bruce nothing if Sir Digby gave me eight thousand pounds." - " On that you intended to marry Ade laidel" "I did. I told her the story of Brnoue, supprensing certain facts necessary to prove his legitimncy. She was curious to see Bruoe, and she did see him in the end, for he came up to London against my will. I took him to lodge with me at Old Jane's, so that I could keep him under my eye, and I supplied him with money. That wasbefers I went to lodge in Fitzolarence Square. I also introduced him to the socialists, so that \- Imlight gain more power over him." a What use weas that, when you. had deulded not to tell him the trath " "Iwas not quite decided," said Barry calmly. "Sir Digby refnaed to give me the eight thousand pounud, so I was nearly on the point of telling Bruce all, thinking I Befo would get the money from him. Then I asau' found that Adelaide was in love with him." wV "And he with her?" mini "Yes. In a wonderfully shabort space of11hi time they beceme engaged, and I was left fli out in the cold. Bat I knew Adelaide would c01 not marry him unless he succeeded to the isin Csrdell title and estate, so I refused to give t h him the certificate or to toll him in what church his parents were married. Without and me he could not prove his legitimacy, and, glee therefore, he could not marry Adelaide." Th' "But Adelaide might have married Sir Th Digby. What then?" pose "She could not do so, for she was in love lans with and engaged to Brace. Yes, I really mon believe she loved him, and I had no fear of I Sir Dlgby, though he was always after her at the theatre. Ah, that pair were more cool lucky than I; yet what was their love compared to mine !' w He heaved a sigh, and resumed his story after a short panusee, during whloh he no the doubt thought of the woman now on deck, ,i pacing under the stars. I wondered all t vaguely if she felt any remorse for ruining this man's life. Knowing her as I did I thought not. and " Bruce and Insed to fight desperately at not Old Jane's," he resumed. "She- " "She heard you." B'u "I don't wonder at it," said he grimly; "we made noise enough. Bruce wanted to lan know the truth and I refused to tell him, so as to delay the marriage. Then he grew so angry and tried to ruin me with the Society. ii At that time they were making up a plot to ing blow up the Houses of Parllment. I spoke . 4,eo's tt ? T .dtid not believe in such a violent means riog u0se. speech, and took advantage of it to tell the to 1 Society that I had betrayed them." plac "Upon whioh they condemned yea to true death as a traitor " "They did so. Why, I had not even a . chance of denying the lie; but I suppse at t Bruce managed all that. He was selected the to kill me, and accepted the commission tim willingly, so that he could go home after I was dead and rifle my deek. Well, he stabbed me while I was speaking in Hyde wit Park, and I fell, You know the details of , that: it was in all the papere." quit "You were not dangerenaly wounded? of " No ; the knife turned against a pocket- fri book, and the stab in the back was of no account. I fainted from loss of blood, and the Mrs Tyke carried me off. She made use of the anarchists to brflie the police." sai "But why should they do so, when they wa had condemned yen u" re " Becausee the secret mark of the Society me is tattooed on my body, and they did not ma went the police to see it. ers Tyke carried gel me off, as I said, and I was taken to Canute did Villa, where she nursed me through my ill- of ness." re; " Oh, then that was the secret of the enO villa ; I thought it was Magsey." we "No, it was I," said Barry calmly. "I aen recovered, and found that Mrs Tyke had t taken all my papers. She refused to give at them up, as she wanted the certificate we suppressed and her daughter to marry Sir ate Digby." " What did you say to that?' qu "Nothing. In my illness my love for pe Adelaide had died away. All I wanted was - to punish the traitor who had betrayed me. hil He came down to Manxby after Adelaide, fre eand she visited him, so that he should not tel go to Canute Villa and learn that I was still hi alive. Of course he thought me dead. I B, was glad of that, as it enabled me to kill "How did you manage it ?' I asked, re , shrinking from him. The cold-blooded hi' brutality of the man was terrible, rel "Why," he said hoarsely, "it was notI D n diffioult. I grew well and strong in a mi wonderfully short aepeo of time, and waichod my opportunity. I knew that Bruce usually walked back with Adelaide ca to Canute Villa, and took advantage of the Si fact oHe loft her at the gale, whereupon I m: slipped out of the house and followed him down to the beach. Hie chose that way to return to his lodgings, little thinking that of the man he deemed dead was at his heels. In Fare to face I met him in the moonlight. fo] He reeled, and would have fallen on the an Ssands, deeming he saw a ghost. Igave he Bi no time to recover; I struck hard. and he mi cell dead at my feet, the knife In his m heart." "d And the boat?" "Aun after-thought. I was afraid lest m Id inquiries ahould be made, lest the finding of d. n- the corpse on the beach should load to my at r- detection; so, catehing sight of the boats to id drawn up in a line, I determined to send to y the body adrift. I took the 'Liza Jane, ca placed the corpse therein, and rowed out to os sea in another boat, It was hard work to he ,7 get the two along, but I felt like a madman hi Id -strong and lusty. I could have moved id mountains. Far out I undressed the body id of Bruce so as to prevent identification, and w bound it spread.eagle fashion to the thwarts to so of the 'Liza Jans. The clothes I sank in w the Channel, with a atone tied to them. of sr Then I sent one boat adrift with the dead fa a. man, and returned In the other. It was not of difficult to regain the villa, whore I lay 11I ad worn out with weariness," i id "I do not wonder at it. Did you nc. I at compllsh all this single-handed, and after ii In recovering from a severe illness?" o" "y Yes; my hate made me strong. I was cli mad with desire to rid myself of my enemy. th I know it sounds impoeslble, but it is so." ao as "One last word, Barry. Who betrayed ti the anarchist plot to the police ?" a " I did," he sad ecolly; "they tried to a ad kill me as a traitor when I was none, so I l ag punished them by becoming what they fc ry made me, and ruined their cause. I am not I sorry for what I have done, so don't think C in it. I hated Bruce, and I killed him as I *a would a dog. I hated the anarchists, and ti I did them a bad turn. Now I leave England, ne with my revenge fully gratified. There, tl d. Doctor Fairfax, Is the story; make what nee h ht of it you please." v a11 Then turning abruptly on his heel he left n or the cabin. That was the last I saw of I no I Cyrus Barry. noe CHAPTER XXX; " li 0" A FINAr EXPLANATIox. is I had no time to comment on that terrible a at story, for socrcely had Barry taken his de-. tl at parture before Captain Jim eat up, and held ya out his hand. al "Good-bye," he saeid in a low voice. a ?esi "Captain Jim, if your brother--" I of "Not a wrd more, Fairfax. I snow all G ad Iyou would say; but remember, he is my Itl ke brother after all." Ic I " When did you first hear he was alive, b to Ikipper ?" th ' Last week. Mrs Tyke came up from a 'k, Manuby to tell me that Cyrus was not dead, irt but hiding from the anarehlets at Canute | he ViEs, and she brought a message from him | ad I asking me to t.ke him aboard here." h "That was why yon wrote requesting me i B n- to leave h.the " "1 fe e r r ii no said passionately. "My own brother; 1 1 hn could not son him awing for a crme comlt- f' 11\. ted in a moment of anger." a e- I held my own opinion on the frame of cte mind Barry was in when he killed Bruce, ,I but t ot of connlderation for Captain Jim I | eft held my tongue. Iwns truly corry for him. | y His idol was shattered; his pride in his I Sbrother was gono; and nought remained but nd to save the genina cf the Barry family from E Id, the vengeance of the anarchists; from the I grip of the law. Cyrus, the would-ba re-, aid generator of the world, was now a hunted i ly. ugitivo. A nad ending to so promlaing a I on, career, v. "I'1 take him to Mexlco," said Captain ad Jim, guessing my thoughts, "and If he has his a mind to, he can run for Presidents out ea there they don't mind dropping their man, tes so Cyrus will fare no worse on that ac count. But hark, PFalrfx, the wind is ith rislng, and we must be off. Say good-bye, and let us part for ever." I "Not for ever, Captain Jim," sald I, tell grasping his hand. "I am going en theo ght trail again-an exploring expedition to the Audee. We will meet again, you may be ,de suro, and In the meantime, good-bye, old friend." ace, "God blres you I" said Captain Jim, re ove turning the grip with all his feoble etrength se and so weparted. to On deck all wan lively. The wind hsd I risen, and the crew were already at the s, o capstan. I caught a glimpse of Henders in ad I the distanoce, but unwilling to talk to him, fore after my late experieonce, I harried to the SI aide of the ship, where I hoped to find Ben that Lun and his boat. As I sprang on ths taifrail to demaud by the rope- ladder, Ado had lalde czmea up. She looked a trflS regret ful, and I guesced sho had been esaying arry ood-byetoBarry. Perhape she wassorry for me having driven the man into exile, for even yrl then I set down his plight to her doings. Before the 'Liza Jane reached shore, I was max assured of this from her own lips. far, We dropped into the boat, and in a few mos minutes were rowing towards Mlanxby thoi lights. The moon, occasionally obocared by A flying scud, glimmered faintly, and then we the could see the sails being set, and the ship stag rising and falling like a sentient thing as e though anxious to be off. Then the lights of t in heaven were blotted out by dark clouds, s and The Seeker was swallowed up in the She gloom. Iturned my face towards Manxby, dec and felt the sting of the spray on my face. ha' Thinking of what I had heard, it was im- wh possible to suppress a sigh. Adelaide wei laughed. The sound Irritated me at that C moment, and I turned sharply upon her, livl "Can you laugh when you know of what he I am thinking, Miss Erekine 1" fat "How did you like the story ?" she said of I coolly, pushing her cap back; " interesting, Lm was it not? Love, murder, and anarchy. Iasi What a pity it isn't all true 1" are " What do you say ?" I asked, startled by the the signi?cance of her tone. "I am regretting that Barry's story isn't pia all true." Mo " Didn't hekill Bruce ?' to " Oh, yes I He betrayed the anarchists, con and murdered Brace sure enough. All for OCa nothing I" "h, "You can hardly call it nothing when She Bruce tried to kill him." yor " Kill Barry !" said Adelaide, with a laugh; " that he did not." ten "Bat the police say so; Barry says so---" hen "Bat I don't say so," she said in a mock ing voice, Ce, " I don't understand, Miss Elrskine." log I eHu sh l-don't seak so J.Ql __j.1 i. t au to tell youn. That story," she continued, Cy. plaoing her mouth close to my ear, "is only ham true in part. I tried to kill Barry." " You I" thi " It was I," she said impatiently. "I was 'Li at the meeting in Hyde Park; I sprang on the the platform: I struck him, and all the Br time he thought it was Bruce." of "How could he when- " pr "You forget I am an actress," she said, no with a little laugh. "I made up like Bruce -red wig, long red moustache. Oh, it was lat quite easy, and in the glimpse Barry caught of me, he quite believed that I was his dear to friend Bruce." "In God's name, why did you attempt mc the crime ' C"i a Well, it was mainly Brace's fault," she Os said in the moat uncnccerned manner. "I F was engaged to him, as you know, and I really did love him at first. Barry wanted en P me to marry him; Sir Digby offered to make t me Lady Cardell, hut I kept to my en- we gagement with the man I loved. And how Cl a did he repay that love " she said in a voice to \- of hatred. "By betraying me with a little th reptile of a chorus girl. Yes, when he was - a engaged to me, he could go with another Ii woman-with a gutter-girl. He gave me ag I suoh a one for my rival. The wretch 1' as d She drew a long breath, and struch hard tii a at the side of the boat. I did not say a ;e word; but listened horror-atruok to the ir story she was so calmly relating. "I found him out," she resumed, in a T quieter tone, "and taxed him with his er perfidy. He lied over it, and then laughed n -yes I he laughed at me. All my love for , e. him died when he laughed. I hated him tn a, from the moment, and then and there de at termined to break off the engagement with IC 11I him, and marry Sir Dighy Csrdell. I told I Barry so." t 11 " And what did ho say ?' "Went to the other extreme. He had i, refneed to tell Bruce the truth so as to keep id him from me. When I spoke, he recolvod to s reinstateBruco in his birthright, and rob Sir at Digby of title and wealth so I should not a marry him." v "d Ah I He played both saides as usual." at "Yes; and between the two stools he t' le cams to the ground. I was determined that 01 os Sir Digby should lose nothing, so I made up I my mind to kill Barry." a m " Miss Erskine !" g to "You are shocked; I can tell by the tone at of your voice," she said coolly ; " but I was i. in earnest. I am half a gipey, and there- a t. fore half a savage. Scratch the Gorglo skin, t se and you find a Romany in my case. I hated t' Barry for the way in which he persecuted Sme ; I hated Brace for having deceived I is me." S-- ?sun you sven ura.lt r. ' No, I did not I I do not now. I simply at marry him for his position, and I have no of doubt I'll make quite as good a wife as if 1 sy adored him like a school-girl. It was I who r te told Barry that the anarchists had decided v ad to kill him, and had appointed Bruce to u te, carry out the sentence. I told him on that ii to evening he spoke in Hyde Park; and before 1 to he could see Bruce, or the Saclety, I stabbed p an him in my disguise." a ed ' You were d'agsised as Bruce ?' ly "To perfection. On the plea that I d wrnted the dress for the stage, I got Bruce t ts to introduce me to his tailor, and there I in was fitted for this suit, a kind which Bruce is. often wore in the evening. I made up my i ad face like that of Bruce ; I am above the ot ordinary stature of woman, and in the twi sy light of that evening I passed easily for the man I feigned to be, After stabbing Bruce, :c. I leaped down and saved myself by ming. er ling with the crowd. The change to my own dress secured my safety." 'as "But your mother 1" y. "I Induced her to be present, and she came forward in case Barry might reveal ed the legltimaoy of Bruce when he recovered, and so spoil all. She took charge of him to when he fainted, and carried him to his I lodgings. There she looked after him, and sy found he was only suffering from a trifling t ot wound. To cure him, she removed him to uk Canute Villa." 1 I "And secured the certificate at the same nd time ? t ad, "Yes," replied Adelaide orolly, "not that ro, there was much need. Barry thought Bruce zoo had tried to kill him, and he was bent on vengeance against him. He swore he would i eft never tell him, and it was Barry himself, of Dr. Pairfsax, who burnt the certificate." "Oh I it is burnt then " "Yes; Barry soon got well at Cenute Villa, but lay in hiding there, as he still be' li eved that the anarchists wished him dead. To punish them, he warned the Government of their plot, and had they known he was ble alive he certainly would have been killed by le- them." ald "I understand; but Brouce " "Oh I he followed me down to Manxby, and swore that it was not he who had killed Barry. He also remained in hiding at Mrs all Gib's under the name of Oraioger, knowing may that the anarchists would dispose of him for--as they thought-having slain their re, beat man." " And ycu did not tell him Barry was em alive ?' ad, "No; I was resolved to ht the matter te work itself out. Mother commnunicated im with Barry's brother, and we hoped to get him out of the country without his telling us | Brnce that he was the heir. Al4 w~l , ,=iI tne-litsowle autos antt anllced'h-i--m?:. .was i 1 Broce's own fault. Iknew Barry was venge It. ful, and I went to warn him several times, 1 as you know, that he might be killed;". of "ByBarryl" ce, "No, no; by the anarohiets; how stupid I nI youn are I I kept quiet about Barry for my im. own purposes," she said, with marked im his patlance. "But you know the truth now." but "Yes ; and avery torrible truth it is," I om saild sadly. " Did you know that Baary in the tended to kill Bruce 1" re "I did not. No one was mrea surprised red than I at the murder. Of ocurse, Barry told g a neall. I knew what you were after, when you cnme to Maxhby, and I set myself to lain thwart yenou till Barry should have left has England. I managed it, you see." out "And as a reward of those rimes, yon an, are to be Lady Cardell." ac- "I aml Bi hl. What does it matter? is Barry was a fool; Bruce a scoundrel. I have >ye, no qualms of conscience, I can assure you. And, after all," she added, laughing, "I did dI, not kill any one." the 'MissErskine.' ealdI aolemnly, "S sure the as I sit here yenou were responsible for the r be crime of Biarry and for his exile. You lied, old and flaBttered, and deceived. The whole triagedy was of your making. I wonder you , re- ar not afraid of being punished." gih "By the law I" "No, Mits Erskine; by God." hAd At this moment the boat touched land, the and baefore I knew what she was about, she ro in leaped out and ran up the beach. Whether aim, my l.st words touched or awed her, I can the not Eay. I have not seen her since that U n eight. the [h whole sordid tramcdy-for it was dde- srrdid, cocldcrnin the otalke-dfegouated mo gret- with civiliettion, I left CManxby next morn yi, Ing after saying good-bye to Grace; I left yfor England the day after, and started for even South America with a friend to explore the Angs. Andes, I had now ample means for a stingle man, and I could afford to Indulge myself so far, When I came back to England in nine months, I heard all the news concerning these connected with the 'Liza Jane affifr. Adelaide attained her wish, and received the reward of her crimesl She left the stage and became Lody Cardell. With her clear brain, and good looks, she is now one of the most popular women in London, and Is adored by her weak-minded husband. She makes an excellent wife, they say, and declares that she is happy; if so she must have forgotten a great deal; but I wonder what Society would say if her true history were known! Grace married May Crrdell, and is now living on his estate in Berkshire. Neither he nor his wife have anything to do with father or atspmother; they know too much of her for that, Yet another marriage-Ben Lun to Magsey Tyke. I saw them on my last visit to Iranxby, and very happy they are I The only sorrow of Mageey's life is that Adelaide will not come near them. "She hates Mauxby, you know," ex plained Mrs Lun, "and won't go near The Monastery. I believe she wants Sir Digby to sell it, but he won't do so. She won't come over to see mother, who lives at Canute Villa. Poor mother 1" she sighed. " how angry she was at being put in prison I She got a month for obstrncting the police, you know." "And all for Barry's sake," said I eon tentiously. "Where is he now, Doctor? Have you heard 1" "He is running for the Presidency of a Central American Republic," said I, amll ing. "I have lately hoard from Captain ~urIa.,lwa bi]ks Cyrus will get in. If he Cyrus is still ambitions, aid?d' -dsA?ve has quite forgotten his lesssn here." " Ah, well," sighed Magsey, "I never think of it now. I got Bon to break up the 'Liza Jane, for I never could bear to look on the boat that carried the corpse of poor Mr Bruce, I'm happy now 'cept when I think of blm. Ben's a good husband, and has Im. proved me wonderful. I don't talk Cockney neow, sir, do I " "No; you speak capitally," I replied, laughing "And you, Doctor. What do you intend to do " " Go on the trail again, MIagsoy. To. morrow I leave for Australia, then for Lima vio Frisco, and there I may fall in with Captain Jim." " And with Cyrus Barry 1" " No; I'll keep clear of him ; he has been enough trouble to me already." I write these last lines on board an out ward liner. As the story began in the Channel, so it ends there, and I have but to go on deck and look backward to fancy that I see the 'Liza Jane drifting-drifting -with the dead body of Brace tied therein ! I hope I shall never see such a spectacle again. I am not fond of horrors, and one sensation of that kind is enough in a life. time. THE END. 