[?] [?] SKSSBVZD.] pjpre Bcmatux from real life in the a^C -' Da y- of Gold. Br J. W. H, \j' CHAPTEB XXIX ( Continued j. virtual not fail Mr. Healy. God $jha« notljonie me up thus far to desert -at the crisis.' Nevertheless she /l«lt very fearful. * Bravo.' Yon are quite riffht, its Siot-tobfe thought of for ail instant, v How. I suppose you can guess what this ; puce is. ' ' It looks dreadfully like a prison' she shudderingly suggested as hopes of a lesser evil began to rapidly fade. .. . 'You guess well. Since Bruoe is so . impressive we bad better make enquiries here;' and be asked a warder on sentinel duty in front of the great door whether he could see the jailor. ' Have you an order?' he asked. ?No.' .' Yon mast have an order first.' ' From whom ?' '? Either the Superintendent of Police ora magistrate. - ' Thank you, but I do not wish to ' visit the gaol, but the gaoler. .'.Xou.rnay knock and inquire.' He aid so, and was at last admitted, with Edith, to the space just within the tteB-Thegaoler consented to see em, and they were ushered into an ' cffioe-bnilt against the outer wall, and instwnde the great door. A soldierly individual with a stolid countenanoe ml pitting at» table. He said; . ' You desire to see me ?' I' 'Yes. We m anxious to know \- whether you have anyone under your due named McMasters.' ? ?!' Mhave.' — and that was the death knell of the lesser evil. ? _ . ; ? Upon wh at charge ?' [ The officer looked at Edith's intensely anxious facie, and then asked, ! ' Is this lady interested ?' ' 'She 'is his daughter, and not having baud from him as anticipated, she has talked up from Melbourne alone, to tee if anything was the matter. I am k friend and Ihave just met her and am therefore anxious to assist. Her . father's dog found, and led us here. \- That is why we seek the interview.' i. ' Bemarkably persistent dog that. Won't be driven ofi. The lady had (better retire while I give you particu ? !?**' . 'I tun prepared to hear whatever mn nnv he to leam.' she nleaded. !? 'TUb gentleman will be able to retail ? theniatter in his own way to you. XkiptojiBon.' ^Awarder appeared, touched his hat, andregpectfnliy awaited orders. .j'Shiow this lady to the waiting ? womiy fc'flubeire was no escaping the orderthus : gh^enj and Edith, feeling it, rose with puraSnnrmur,.and followed the warder mrathe room opposite, where he left jn ^^^meantime turned mij faCwiinmJy slain and robbed one Peter O^nKillor, a miner. They were further 'iibaEged with having elain John ittptsku ine on the following day at ^imt-D(nm-Billy. They were each . convicted of these offences, and now lay . awaiting execution on the—.' God I' broke in Healy, it can * nofiel ? Here are the records. Examine ' thpm,' and the imperturbable gaoler j v pushed the heavy volume towards T him. . Sj|:vPaHkm:ine. They staggered me a be executed at Ballarat on the ?mw&'oi Maynext,' continued the gaoler ? ' That is about all the mfor :%jnatb»i'X can give you,' and he closed ' Anything further yon will to leam from the oonvicts t;^^^^^Sres any day between three and ^ |iool^by getting en order.' I shall get one for p^Mi^pb^rnnnn, and if you will kindly ^^^m^^m lnformedthat Thomas Healy * them then, I shall m be informed.' T/SSsi? XfaPiinAvn from any mention of ; 'Good morning and thank ff^^^^^vHfa^nrefnllv chosen laneuaire ?dtion, withthe ^ntomhavi^ roan three and1 noon.^Inthe i^,^nowtp [?] Bxcitement, several people having called in reply to the notioea, staling mat the «nen wanted were those recently ooo vieted of'murder, and now awaiting; execution. Thus reminded, the wholi of the circumstances recurred to her. Though creating bo much excitement at the time, they were now almost lost to memory in the rapid progress of events upon a new and prosperous diggings, besides which she had not heard of MoMasters as 'Captain' MoMasters, and Edith's use of the title proved a ' red herring ' across the trail. ' My poor Edith,' was her sympath etic greeting, ' have you heard any thing.1 t Yes all,' she answered, throwing, herself into a chair and bursting into pitiful tears, against which she had been struggling all the way back. Like a wise woman, Mrs. Herbert simply sat with her arm around the grief-stricken girl, and let the tears flow till they were exhausted. 4 Now tell me all about it. Did the gentleman, (I'm sure he was one), who called here enquiring, find you ?' ' Yes.' 1 And told you all about it, I sup pose?' ' No. He knew nothing himself, but he assisted me to find out,' and Edith then, in broken sentences, gave a resumi of her morning's experiences. ' Mr. Healy is a lawyer then ?' ' Yes.' ' Well, I like his looks very much my dear. He will do all he can for you, depend npon it, for I am sure he's to be trusted.' ' Oh yes,' was Edith's unhesitating agreement, ' Mr. Healy is a gentleman whose regard for us all, is sincere.' ' Well now rest yourself. Dinner will soon be ready, and you must eat and keep up your physical condition, or the strain will be too much for you.' Under the influence of her hostess's oheery voice and manner, Edith soon regained some measure of outward composure, and sat down to a dinner with more appetite than she antici pated. ' Just fancy that gentleman hearing of you among the hills so soon,' Mrs. Herbert remarked, always anxious to turn Edith's thoughts to the brighter side of things, ' and the dog too. Poor thing, I gave him a good dinner, and he seemed as if he could do with it.' ? I cannot understand it at all. The last twelve months of my life is a com plete mystery to me,' was Edith ,s almost dreamy answer. ' It'll be made clear in good time never fear. There's someone in the store. Exouse me my dear.' After replying to the knock, Mrs. Herbert returned with a face of smiles. ' Another surprise for yon. A very nice gentleQianly minister wants to see you. Shall I ask him in?' ' ? Thank you,' she answered, rising to receive the stranger, who appeared at the door in the person of Mr. Clarke. 1 Ah you'trnant, I have found you at last, thank Godt' he said Joyfully. ' Have you been looking for me then ?' Edith asked, ai they heartily shook hands. ' All the way from Melbourne. . I got baok bom Sydney and found poor'Mrs. Morton perfectly upset over your dis apgnmnce. - She showed me your too te so l took the steamer toGeelongyeeter diy, bought a horse there, and followed .after.yoQ as fast as his legs would carry be: My gTeat fear was that I had missed you on the way.' 'How did you leam that I was here ?' ' One of your notices attracted me about half a mile down the road, so I enquired and came baok at onoe.' ' I am very grateful indeed to you. Yesterday I wrote to Mrs. Morton tell ing her of my safe arrival among friends indeed. She will get my letter by the first delivery to-morrow.' ' I am glad of that. She is in great distress about you, and was preparing herself, to follow, when I arrived.' \- ' Poor dear Mrs. Morton, I am so sony to distress her thus, but it was beyond me to avoid doing so, and, oh Mr. Clarke, you will admit, when you know all, that I was justified.' ' Well now tell me your experiences and the result.' Mrs. Herbert at this juncture came in and Edith introduced them. ' Excuse me sir, I did not come in to interrupt, but to ask if you had dined.' ' I have hardly had time to think of such a luxury yet, and the pleasure of meeting Miss MoMasters safe 'and sound, has almost taken my appetite away.' * Well, if yon do not mind its rough ness sir, you are very welcome, as Edith's fnend, to join her at dinner now.' ( Thank yon very mnch. If I may take my horse round and let him loose in yonr- paddock, to [nek up a bit of grass,1! sballbe pleased to accept your Of conne he was at liberty to do so,: and ;the - good-hearted woman supple-, mented the Curate's dinner by one for his horse also. WAi£er amply supplying their needs.1 Mm, Herbert prepared to retire. ' Prey do not let .ns drive you awav from your own 'table,' said Edith quickly, ' what-I have to tell Mr. Clarice, ypuinow, and wOl be afalA^B hfllpnje warjts-%vnt parts,' man,!^ seemed as though ^' ?ebnld foudly b&ievB; Us ears,;; jpd(£i&3rom the nomber of timM O«rtain%Mtians: hid lit JTe -go' to the gaol't^ether*f three.' ' I shall go with yon too. Believe iqe, Miss MoMasters, all these strange surroundings of your story have been Something tnore than chance. God is 'directing yoti and will surely see that jnstioe is done.' ' Just what I told her, sir, last night' when die was fretting so. Did I not my dear ? Almost in those very words too,' said Mrs- Herbert -with positive satisfaction. ' You did indeed.' ' It is true too,' said M i. Clarice, ' we ate in the hands of God, and there can be no doubt of the result.' The curate proved himself to be a great exorciser- of gloom, for it dis appeared before him as though he were amagiaian. Edith's face was actually wreathed in smiles at times, and Mrs. Herbert's was one continued simmer of merriment, often bubbling over into hearty laughter. After dinner he wrote a hasty note assuring Mrs. Morton of Edith s Bafety, vaguely, stating that her arrival in Ballarat was timely, as it was believed her father and the ' boys ' were in much need of assistance. At two o'clock Mr. Healy made his appearance, and was both surprised and pleased to see Mr. Clarke. Mrs. Herbert, finding he had had no dinner, insisted upon getting him ' just a snack.' 'You can't do good weak withont eating you know.' She explained and for a man not professedly hungry he did himself credit. He had learned the details of onroase from the Superin tendent of police who, desired to see Edith with reference to her story. ' Did the men you met at the creek at all resemble those of your dream.' Healy asked. ' I have no recollection ; she said, ' but their features were perfectly familiar to me though it seems im possible that I should ever have met them before.' ' It is verv remarkable that you never heard or read of the trial ' said Mr. Clarke after a pause to Healy. Hardly. Stowed away in the gullies yonder nobody troubles about the world beyond. We are all too busy trying^ to make our fortunes to care for anything else. Its every man for himself here and the devil take the hindmost ' with a vengeiioe. Bless my life I have not seen a paper for a month, and that was on old one. Old Stoneham if he is knocking about anywhere here, is probably in the tame state ofignoranco. Yellow backs are our only literature. What I can't make out is, why Mrs. Morton or Miss MoMasters here did not leam the facts from the papers. They are in a civilised district. ' Well,' Edith explained, 'we never took a paper in Melbourne. Having no general interest in the country, we did not think it worth while, and of course we had no friends to tell us.' Mr. Clarke at Mrs. Herbert's invitation had brushed himself up a bit and felt as he expressed it 1 ready for business.' 'That young parson my dear is a brick. There's plenty of pluok in him, and no maudling piety to spoil it. He gets to your heart you snow in a free and easy, every day, common sense sort of way, and not by pntting the fear of the ' Old Boy ' or the vengence of God into yon. That's the kind of man I like now. Just fancy a minister my dear making yon laugh in trouble, instead of piling on the agony with a long face, and a slap dash brush, as they are supposed to do. I shall really fall in love with him if he goes on like that.' ' Then without doubt you trill do so for he is always the same.' ' Bless his heart he's just the man we want. Now yon must wear a cheer ful face when you see your poor father, and those poor young fellows. It will make such a difference to their feelings you know.' ' Trust me Mrs. Herbert I shall not fail in that.' ' All readv?' asked Mrs. Healy as Edith came out dressed. ' I am she said — ' Then we will go,' and they did. On the road down Healy said. ' It would be as well MissMcMasters not to speak too freely before the warders. I have known officials to be in league with criminals. Mind yon I do not say these are or even may be, but there can be no harm in being oircumspeot. Most officials here have very baa names.' 'I will remember,' she said, and they walked on in silence. CHAPTER XXXI. At List. M It !? not « tima for Idl* trial, NorfttfB* lor tun to flow.' It was a quarter to three when they reached the prison gates, and Edith, as arranged, remained in the waiting room, until her father had been warned ofhercoming. . . \- Messrs. Healy and Clarke were then sWwn into the oondemned cell, where the Captain sat in irons behind an iron grating. ' He rose with the ghost of a pmileTipon his womface asthe viators entered, and shook hands [heartily with til6Zttei.-.: v ? 'Well, Captain,' skid Mr. Clarke cheerily, ^jgoJth&Jand-Jabber; trapped you almost as soon as yon set foot on ahore, Wty&tk6bght; yon were far too'fllura ' farting grimly J, '? There's a shotin^LjbitJ^Sot, laat - will - spoil brthe'&^oi^^Mw'tViril iW -as 'V - At a »' r«»dnUoawM«d^rjjjj^w!ngg,llgl^y » 