Political Pellets. . V7*.HTED^-(to prepare the way tot SooiaJism In our Tina): Orta Adult One Vote, LandTtti. Income Tax. State Bank. Shops andlFactorles Act. Eight haw* day «haro :jrao ' ticable. Tlefcrondum and Initiative. Taxation of every pereon ao cording to ability to pay. The State to find work for on employed. The State to fix « minimum wage. Freo Railways. Fri^c administration of JuBtice ? / The brother ib-law of Attorney-General Byrnes has takon charge of the Dunwich Benevolent Institutiou. - Thr firsb meeting of the Central Council ^orkera' Pt-liticitl Organisation forlJJtfUrw ad vertised to be held on Tuesday next. A full attendance of jdelegates ia requested. Tom Givena, tho Cairns Labour candidate, is reported to be doing, -good-work there, and will make the pace hot for Tommy Byrnes, or whoever else the Roodiens may put up against him. Gallak, who politically misrepresents the people of Mount Morgan but not the company, found it politic, when addresriufe a meeting at the Movut recently, to abuse the present Go vernment This, by the way, he never had the moral courage to do in Parliament. \aboch Member M'DbnaH-arriivfed—Et GloncHrry last Sunday and waB met by a large number, of-^residents a few miles out r.ud oecorted\into town. During the week he has been visikng various centres in his electorate, and will spe^kiuClonouwytiu Saturday eight. TAUcfstT^bouf railways {writes our M.L. special), our Minisbei-of Railways has promised that Samuel Vaile, of Auckland, will got a show during this recess to give his very own rflvointionfflry fiVfitflm nt railway Ittavel — a thorough trial. His friends have been ?'bor racki.ig ' for this trial for years. , Laiovb Member Browne, on. his way to Croydou, addressed An enthusiastic Labour meeting at Cookt.iwn. The meeting would have beeti much larger but for the unfavourable state of the weather. However, Billy was splendidly received, «nd everyone present pledged ttjemselvop to Labour's cause. A sib&T; enthuiiastic Labour meeting was held at Gynipie last Monday evening, and was addressed by Labour Members Fisher and DawBon. Messrs. At'Ooruaick, Eyland, and Kellandalao spoke. The chair was occupied by H. Llewelyn. Altogether the meeting was very satisfactory for Labotfr, but not for Smythe. The Worker is always delighted to hear from friends, in all parts of Queensland, the latest important new* which m*y come under their notice locSlly'. Such news, however, 'if forwarded by 'collect' wire should be sentas press messages. — Labouu Member -M'Donald and his ' bike ' starteS out on the political warpath last Saturday. He goes out as far as the Leichhardt, ri« Cloncurry, and will visit all places where two or thr^e are gathered to gether. Palmer, his opponent, once misrepre sented the Carpentaria. He doesn't stand a ghost of a chance of ever sighting the Flintier V seat against such a popular man as M'i-onald. A Mu. 3, Newell, 'influential and popular, having a number of stores in the district,' has announced that he will stand in opposition to Mr. W. H. Rawlings at the next election in WootUakata. In advices from the district we are assured that the Labour Partyare confident of-Mn Rowlings' victory. At Irviuebank, Montalbion, a uuani mous vote of c-mfidence has been carried in Mr. E. It is still on the card* that Hugh M. Nelson will succeed Bullooky Palmer as President' of the Museum of Misplaced Muddle heads. The Labour Party and Kilmarnock combined are too muph for Hugh in the repre sentative chamber. Should Nelson go to the Council, he will recommend Attorney-General Byrnes for the position of Premier, and then there'll ha a row. ABk Tozer. THE latest issue of the Cairns Post to hand says: 'A telegram was received frqm the Hon. T. J. Byrnes on the 23rd December, inti mating thai-he had finally determined not to -offerfaitnstJr foi m-HlwUiw »H Oaiiuh at tke forthepming election. The decision has been arrived at in deference to the pressure of the 'Premier, who insisted that the interests trf the Government demanded the offer of Mr. Byrnes' talents to the! electors of North Brisbane. ' John Newell, commiisTon and forwarding agent, &c.;, has.' issued hie address to the electors of Woothakata against little Haw-, lings. ' Newell says he cannot cohceal from himself the fact 'that it is expedient that a representative with a Btake in the district should come forward.' That old 'gag' is about played out, as Commission -Agent Newell will find before the general election is over. Rawiings intends leaving Brisbane this month for the purpose of touring his 'electorate. Theuk has been so much talk and write in M.L. about the undesirable ini. (writes our special) that a word about the much-to-be-had folks is a relief and a recreation. She appeared with her bankbook ati a land pale in the South Island, and paid on the nail for the section she eeeured. She said she had saved this( fairly large snm'out oTlhe earnings of her children, theLmajority_of whoovwere girls, her l husband . 'Raving departed hence huiiio twenty yearsage leaving her to rear ten pledges of fertility and love. That's care and frugality and thrift for you. Truly that -dame's early tronblemvere mostly little 'uns, 'or a tendency that way. Jl/lWiNr; from the following, the Clarion seems to have got right inside tho average politichu : 'It mey be that 'Socialism has stepped into the political arenii -before it was ripe for political action. It mighb have been better h:-.d we all stuck' exclusively for ninny more years to propaganda work. But beiBg in, having entered the lists as politicians, we shall bo compelled, so far as we honestly ?may, to act as such. We shall forget no feature of our idenl, we shall sacrifice no detail ofour ultimate .programme, by 'showing the electorate Bteps by which Socialism may \\-e reached. Bnt we shall bring them the sooner to understand the end, and help ourselves to arrive there, by lifting them first over the intermediate stages. . ' In the new Parliament we expect to Bee about 50 old faces, and- the other 20 odd new ones. -Government about) 30 strong, Labour 2(5, Opposition Hi. Sceptical readers may say this is a very optimistic view, but we &ro; merely petting down our conclusions from observation aur] from information received. The seats now held by Labour are fairly si-nnre. In three of them there will he a fierce struggle, bub the chance? are in favour of Labour, la thu Ministerial eeatB anticipated to return Labour at the next election, thf. out-look \n briphtisr thnn it is for any other party. The Opposition sents .ire in a similar state, ami if appearances go for any thing tho rf»uh we have predicted should take placcv. In any caee, if L:ibonr does not capture t.he seats mentioned thfy will be lost to tho Government and will be a force ngainat them. If the Government get over :(0 seats, then we will prophesy the next time after the event.'— Eagle. i Trk Dalby workers are calling for nomi nations for a candidate to run in theiuterests of Labour at the next general eleuotbn. . The nominations muot be sent in to Mr. John Ryan, hon. sec. Dalby Political ©ijpiUation, by, the 15th of February next. ' According to a telegram received by the Brisbane Courier : At a meeting of shearers and other workers, held at M'Donlald's Im- perial Hotel, Winton, on Jan. 14, Mr. M. Keating, wheelwright, in the chair, it was decided to put forward Thomas Hutcheson, a shearer, and late licensee of Tattersall's Hotel, to oppose Mr. W. H. Corfield at the general election, ' — At ' the Psssiforu political meeting ou Saturday last Mr, Glaasey's name was received with much cheering when mentioned by one of the spenkers as a suitable candidate for the Fassitern. In reply, Mr. Glassey said there Avere several places favourable to his candidature 4-ut , he, had not definitely mado up \ his mind as to which constituency he would stand for, nor would he do so until such time as\the Central Executive of the Labour . Party liaol complnf«ti — frfwir- arrangements \ At Boon ah and Teviotvillo on Suturdnv last meetings were held for tho purpose of selecting a .Labour candidate to run fur the Fassifern. The Tevio\vil|e meeting, owing to a mistake in the udvertisement, was not well attended, but tho Bounnh one was crowded. Speeches were delivered bv Messrs. J. Cossart, A. Moffat, L. Gray, J. Mapatone, — Hartwick and MM.L.A. Glassey and Wil- I kinson. It was 'ultimately decided, to leave the choice of a Labour candidate itu'the ltsH(is of the Central Kxecutive of the Labour Party. Afl-the Boouah meeting great enthusiasm pro vailed. ' . ? . Forti natei.y for the great army of mediocrity, knowledge and ability aro not in dispensible to an M.L.A., and if a candidate can take Advantage of the caprice, carelessness and indifference of tho electors, ho will in a great many instances bs fvaited to the dignity of an M.L. A. V£liil«~6M\n are dominated by prejudices insU-i-d of opinions, faiih--instead of reason, belief inntead of conviction, hope m ?taHuintAvpariotiPw/tliMii^ -nnp- &iU; thrff hB at the mercy of the local mediocrity who has influence, wealth, social - position, and societj'^ manipulation io back. him. | When men are' able to see beyond the bbuuclary-peg of their own Downs ; when they cap see beyond the local bridges school swing, /post -office dock, and the heal duster: when /they climb on to the higher altitudes of Ibe jmountain Jto)- and take a broad, comprehensive view ? of the whole country, then,, with a fuller reason, richer knowledge, riper / experience an?l a grander view, they will be/able to get a repre sentation worthy of their intellectual and moral advancement.'— Eoqh. As will be «Msn in nur advertising columns the V^oolloohgabba \Vorkors1 Political Or panisation will t«ke^i ballot at tlmir Roomei, Loean-road, on Friday next tke 24th instant between thH hours of 7 and 10 p.m., for the purpose of seleciiog a pasdidate to run in the inter«8ts-r)f Labour at the next parliamentary general election. Two candidates have been nominated. Accordiujrto the now rnli's of the W.P.O. when a ballot is taken it shall bo of members of the Labour Party residing j«- the electorate. By the ' Labour-Party ' is under stood 'members of the'=WJP,O., and of Labour unions Or political Bssociitiens ' which endorse the political prigpiples-ef-the Organisn tion.' and 'are recognised as Gympathecic ' (see rule. 12, clause b.) Clause e, rule 12 states that 'on all. Labour Party questions dis franchised members shall rank oh an equality with those having parliamentary votes.'. Unionists p.nd members of sympathetic &o-; ?cieties taking part in the ballot nmsfS produce a duly accredited card showing' them to be resident in the electorate. \ — ? 