THOSE DUNHAM BOYS, OR AUNTIE’S FIRST WEEK AT HOUSEKEEPING. PART I. "Tell us a st ry piense auntie, ah! do" These wolds uttered in a coaxing tene by my little ai-cc, Dorothy Dunham, aged ten, accompani d by a very demonstrative and girl-like bug, and echoed and ro-cohoed by drtaio sra>llcr members of a rather lengthy family, greet' d mo on my entrance into the (lining room on tho nflornpou after my arrival from a North-country town, from whence I bad come to Melbourne to spmd a few weeks with a married brother. “Ido boto \vo‘- Saturdays,” sighed sturdy Dick, a nephew, a couple of y> are older t .on Dorothy, who, lolling, boyish fashion, in tho easiest chair and cosiest corner of tho room, with hi 1 bands in his pockets, and his feel stretched cut on (ho fender, hid not joined with the rest in clamouring for a story. “It’s a horrid nuisance" bo went on, “a follow can't.go out—has to'bo stuck in all day liko a girl.” None of the otbois noticed Dick , for they wore used to him, and 1, who ought to have read him a little lecture on being Iha .k ful fr.r tho rain, and a comfortable homo and a gond (li e - for it was winter time—sighed loo f»r being a somewhat youthful auntio, and scarcely five yens older than my grumb ling nephew, I had sol my mind on an after noon in town, But toeing that what oonH not bo curod must bo 0 ,dined, and there was no one to blame for the state of the woilhor, I submitted myself to be dragged ami pulled into an easy chair by tho fire, ond resigned my self, as I had done on mo’ y similar occasion*,. to hlory li-lling, “ Well, what shall it ba this time?” asked I, ducking my hmd to avoid To Idle*, who was just then making a rather loo loving grab at my back Imi', mouiwhiio ricking my bruins ti invent or remember something that would bo interesting to my little boareiv. Shall it;*bo a trim talc, or a fairy talc, ora ghost talc, or what? “A trno tale, n true talc, •plooRo,” cried they all but Bible Connie. Connie w»s a kt'oy one in tho floek, and un like tho others' who were of a practical turn of mind, dwell'in im.<*gin»tion in a Fairyland of her own, and delighted in the imp ssiblu. As Iho major.ty w ro in favour of a true tale I comforted Connie by taking her on my kneo, and promising hor the faired of fairy talcs bye and byo. “This story,” I began, “i* quite true, for it is about a weak of my own lifo when 1 was a a little girl, and wo lived on tho f irm in your grandma in a’slime. It will bo called ‘Ihote Don u am Boys, or Auntie's first week at Housekeeping.’” Tho old 'farmhouse called tho “Poplars” where ycur falh-T w-s born, stood in the bend of a swampy crook oilled tho nine mile. It was what wo would call now-a-days an olJ fashionod place, and originally cinsisted of four largo rooms, wi>h a broad verandah in front, and a detached kitchen at tho hack. In later years, when tho old bouse became too small for our largo family, a largo diningroom and soveral bedrooms wore added, but that was before I can renumber. At a little distance from the kitclu-n s ood a largo, cool dairy ,and further on a little to tho right wore tho cow sheds and vlahlos. To the right of llteto again was the big barn, poultry yard and men’s room. In the front of the house wore some wide flower bods, and in front of the flower bed.* a beautiful orchard which was irrigated from tho ore* k by of a windin'!!. Near to loo windmill-waR lho swan's pond, which in summer was a little picture in itself with Us pretty drooping willows and tall feathery grasres. Tho entrance to tho Poplira was from the side, and its tall white gates, on cob side of which grow a giant poplar Irdo, from whenco tho old farm look its namo, wero about a quarter of a mile from the home, from which a broad carriage drive led up to front door. Wo had all kind) of pots, pigeon*, magpies, doves in a pretty little dove-cot, two or throe parrots, ond on t’o swan’s pond wore “Jack” and “ Jinnio” who generally had with them a cygnet or baby swan, and las', but not least, we had a wallaby, tvhicb is a specie) of kan garoo, though not quite so largo. Our wall aby’s name was “ iun.” though 1 don’t know bow ho oimo by it. Ho onoo belonged to my abler Kale; whin she was leaving home, after being married, she loft Tun behind as a sort of keepsake for hor younger brothers and sisters. Many’s tho game wo had with Tim, and many’s tho wild obaso the naughty follow led u*. allowed to run looso in the daytime, with about 20ft of rope lied to one of his hind logs, so Ih&t; ho could bo the moro easily caught. If by clmnco wo forgol, ns wo sometimes did, to drivo him into his little house at tho right time, away ho would bound over fonars and paddocks, with bis long ropo trailing behind him liko a huge snake, and then the hue and cry would bo raised of “Whore yt Tup? Has anyone seen Ton ?” for wo wire dreadfully afraid of rlrungo dogs worrying h'm to death. Then off everybody would go in Kcarch of him, leaving whatever they wero'doing to join in iho chase. Som t’mos wo found him in a few minute*, and other times wo would bo for hours loc king for hint. Once,and once. only,wo bad to give up looking for him. It got so. 1 tie that wo had logo to bod and leave him to his fate, though I don’t think wo children had muob shop for thinking cf ohr pot. It was a cold night, and In tho morning wo found him sbivo ing in hi* house, and when wo scolded him, ho looked up sorrowfully it to our f*cas a- much as lo say,“Please don’t bo cross.I’ve bad enough cf st yiug out at nigh*. I won’t do it again.” And bo didn’t run awny ng»in f- r a l.-ng while, but in Unto he forgil oil about it, nod was just as bid »s ever ag*ln. Dub, bark I Thoro is mother calling us To lea, so after all, I must have Iho most impor tant part of my lalo for another day. But Dick, who bad become intoioslcd, and forgotten nil about tho rain beggrd bard for molto finish my'story after loa. “I am very anxious to . know,” said bo, “ whether filmso Dunham Days’ of tho past woro very muob bolter than * wo Dunham Boys of tho prOBOni’.” '(To bo continued ) 