NOVEL. A Bachelor's Bridal B? Mrs. H. LoYett Cameron. CHARTED. 12.— (CowBrnm.) 'Is it poefiibld to aancaive such perfidy, Buck duplicity, such. douhle-faoed tf69.filiery, coupled with such. ingratitude !' Then, When the hud exhaueted every abusive =—t>: epithet in her vocabulary, she began to cry a i i little under the shelter of her veil. :t 'And I, whom ha used to call file test .1 ft'iaidl who would have made allowances 'i for him, who would Lava forgiven him any only lie Lad come to me openly end j 3 honestly and told me all aLoui it Gh, it will teach me not to put any faith m. any body again » What a areadfui, wicked, I false world it is, to he enre I to think of his c | flaying me such a triclf behind my baofe, the filament I had gone away " And yet, how do I know that ha did it then? Peters J doesn't seem to known how hitlg &gd; he 3 married this -wretched -woman. He may i , ! htVTO been married to her for years, for all WD can tell j and all the time he was con- . " tlnnally talking against m&rrige;, and telling ''I me what a mistake it was, and that he j should never marry anybody! Why, the Father of lies isn't in it with Valentine \- . 5 Bryant! And I, who believed in him, and j thought him the most straightforward and 1 -r'-rr—? hoBest fellow in the world v Poor Marion ! it was a horrible ehoob to her, all the more so becanse she knew she had gene out of her way to ferret out a secret which Valentine had evidently 110 1 itt- "tended her to know. 'What business of hers it v9 to Ms rooms ami cross- qxiesticm. his servant, bestowing a sovereign upon him, if tho whole trntb must bo told, in order to loosen hia tongas 1 It was true that she had no idea of the terrible sfltnre of therevela- ti on that was to he made to Let i it WAS ill all kindness of heart that she had pursued &9P Iretievim? tkat it -was sortie fcoQUy ailment t bat preyed otto spirits. But parsons who go ont of their way to in- TOhe the powers of darkness can neyer reaketi with eertainty npon the natnre of the ghosts who may he taised by their unholy summons, and no wandering ghost out of phadow-land could have startled poor Marion Jjfiif BQ ranch RB this truly fearful discovery that had buret npon her concerning her greatest friend. And there was nothing to ha d one— nothing ! aha dared «et tell him wh at she had found out, nor the means aha had made 1164 pi to xmeartli Ms secret — for secret iL -was, of j bourse. No man marries a wife in thathoie-aud- eorner eort of way, if ha means to introduce hdi' epealy to his friends and take her to their houses. Besides, apparently they did not live together t he was presumably I gbamed of his marriage, aud of his wife I Or perhepe he hafl "been married all along, . oyer since they had first known him, una be, poor fellow, had been obliged to beep the blotter eonaeaM. And then, with 4. natural feminine in- jstinot, her mind veered round into nnmerdUS possible excuses and palilationB of his crime, Whilst hC5C righteous -wrath arose anew, this time against the designing -who had entrapped him to his rain, ' Some low, nndcr»bred, mercenary areatare, no douht,' she said to herself viciously and ea.va.gely, who got over him in Borne detestable way ; who is not & lady, End whom he cannot possibly associate with 1 Oh, poor, poor Valentine ! if X knew every thing) I dare say I should find that he is yeiy, ysry ranch tc he pitied.' CHARTER 2. There wu® a light Wind In the summer air. The petals of the rcses — red, pink and cream to-lay strewn across the velvet smoothness of (ha lawn : the fluttering leayes of the shyer birch, rustled with & soft murmur lilro that of running water, and high tip lit the OlfflS 0Terhead the rooks cawed a lazy mondtdfta SB fhey BWUBg to aud fro on the swaying branches. The gwflen w«w fuii of the sweet warm scent of carnations and mignonette and sweet-peas ; and in the midst of it stood a Lo low red-cabled honse. its how. windows all open to the air, wliilfit fi tangled mSBS Of creepers, jasmine, clematis, aud hanayauahle, half OCnoealed the walls beneath a rich pro fusion of leaf aud blossom. It was a typical English picture the home-like honse embosomed in greenery, the flowas-etadded garden, the lawn sloping gently down to the sank fence, and then the flat meadows and tha green bedgo-rows be yond, that stretched away towards the low plae bills iu the distance, with j net a glimpse midway cf the thatched cottages of the vil lage, and of the gray church tower half haried in ivy, about whose feet they cius- tered. Through toe battering muslin curtains of the drawing- V00W. WUld0W8 thO yOUVg mw- tress of this charming hoofis and garden came out into the sunshine, whidh BhOBQ Btmight into her blue eyes, bilc the Kght wind in stantly possessed himself boldly of the soft eiras tendrils of her hair «nd twmted them merrily aMllt for M 8 OWU pOipOBSB, Efow nretty it all was, and how tired of It Rll she was! for what IS ftfi U80 Of hflriD g lots of money toUvom it, d tbe.e i& never anybody to share the pleasure of it with you? Enid sighed a little as she stood thora in the sunshine. She looked very sad and weary ; all the brightness had gone out of her 6yes, and tho comers of her mouth dropped sor- rowfully downward. 5 Any orders for the coachman, please, m&'iirn ?' iaquired the nest parlor-maid, com iug out of the house belitud liar. 'Orders, Jane? Oh, I don't know J I don't think I will ride to-way. — X am tired Of riding,' she added in a lower voice to herself, ' Will you hare the pony cart, then, ma'am ? asked the maid. ' 1 Fas— no— I don't think so. Tell Bark- . ham I am coming routld to tha StfihleS I Will see him there.' She went listlessly down to the end of the garden and hack, and strolled through the Bhrubbery towards the small hut perfectly compact and well arranged stables. Ber little hay mare, espentunt of sugar, whinnied at her approaoh. The dun pony raaahad out his nose to be patted and made much of. The m.pectable Barkham hurried up to attend to hie mistl'638. How delighted she had been, with it fill fit first ! How much she bad enioyed her rideS and drives at the heptinuing t aud bow little Bbe cared about them sow i She was always alone. Ho one came to mil upon her; no neighbours invited her to their houses. Feople fought eby of the beautiful solitary woman who wore a wed ding ring and called herself 'Mr s. Bryant,' who had stated that she WttS not ft wido W, and yet whose husband, had never heeil Seen by anybody. ' "Who IB Mr, Bryant f they asked of one another,— a question which boou resolved itself into another: i Is there a Mr. Bryant at all ?' They shook their heads a good deal over it, and came to the conclufiiatt in the end that there was something not at all S&ttsf;&OtOVy; tlie new-comer. ' much too voung to live fc>y Ler- self,' ea id tlie "yyiyfs. ' And much t oo good -looking/ added the husbands. So it was voted , without a dissenting voice, that it would net ' da7 to call on Mrs. Bryant. The vagueness of her position seauiad to savor of evil, and the good folks of the neighborhood determined to take no notice of her. The vicar, indeed, from motives of pro fessional dnty, did think himself bound to pay aua visit to the Grange, but the report he brought back of hi b ww parishioner was not a favorable one. He found her to be a lady undoubtedly, but a lady surrounded by mystery. Ho hus- haud WftB to be Been, and Mrs. Bryant had 1 ovaded all the quest! cue ho had endeavoured to put to her upon that delicate Bubjeot, On the whole, the vicar thought that hia wife had nerhane Letter Wt OOll UDOtt her So She lived alone, and ate nor heart out with hopeless longings for love, for compan ionship, and for happiness, aU of which Beemed to he eo cruelly denied to her. Often and often she lay awake WOepittg fit nighr, her heart riven in twain by bitter humiliation, and by a great despair. Wky, oh. why, She Cried out inker bitterness, had he married her, if it was only to o»Bt kor far to into the outer darkness of his eternal indifference ? She received frequent letters from Bryant,— letters that were fill ObOUt business, about investments of her money, OV about transfers of some portions of her StOOhBi In these letters, which began simply 'Pear Enid' and were signed in variably ' Tours, T. B,, there were, indeed, polite iuquiries after her health, and prettily- worded solicitations that she would address herself to htm if there was anything she required to add to her comfort or her plea sure which he could procure for her in London. But never, never was there in them the faintest word or Bign Of uuy warmer or tenderer interest. The poor child need to ait reading these letters over and over again by the hour, stvMug in vain to twist some evidence of k aictnoss or ftffoc&Oti; 6llfe <5f cold, and ormat BentenceB. AA las i a dull flrcaiy kvpriessnesB settled down upon her heart, taking all the life and enevgy out of her, and leaving her worn and tired and weary, like one who is at the end of life I rather than at its hagitttUfig. | She was forced to come to the miserable 1 eonelusion that Bryant did not and never weu Id love hen and there were no d is- tractions in her existence to make hen fflPget this primary grief of her heart. She grew of riding, tired of driving, tired of her garden and of her boohs, tired of her life altogether. To-day, when she left the stables, aufc of sheer aimless idleness she wandered into the fields Outside her little domain. There was a public pathway across the meado ws towards the village, She went along it slowly, with down-bent head and lagging footsteps , The meadows on either side of her wero starred : wilh ex-aye daisies and bushed with Baarlet ! poppies. Enid gathered a little bunch af them as she went by, putting tbem into the VEllst-baud of her dress. 1 What a desolate, forlorn, lonely creature she was I It aame into her mind to remem ber Bryant's oft-repeated SUggaflticfl that she shonld advertise for a companion to live -fifjth her, She disliked the idea, and be had net lUfiBted upon it. She haa never had women friends, she knew uething of women and their ways ; and the idea of being always obliged to talk to a stranger oppressed and alarmed her. Yet to-day it oCCUWed to her that nerKaos even an uncongenial Btranger might be better than this horrible, perpetual BDlitufle, At this juncture of her meditations Bhe looked up suddenly. A man's upright figure was aoming towards her along the meadow patJi. TLera uaa fa liar i £ancy j jftvmiliar ux slender form. that < swung lightly over the stile. XXe came 1 towards her guyly twirling his walking- stick and cutting off the crimson heads of the poppies in ruthless destruction on his way. Then all at once she saw who it was, "With a or y of surprise and delight she ran forward with outstretched hands to meet him. 1 You ? you P you ?' she gasped, absolutely breathless with delight aud astonishment. ' Oh, can it be true P or am I dreaming ? Ob, it is too good to he true !' She seemed to he almost suffocated, with joy. Was it a wonder that such a reception turned the young man's head ? ' My dear girl V he cried, and the oolor l rose m Lis fair facd m ha grasped her eager kaxx<Isy ' fLis is indeed a delightful miracle I I. never thonght X should see you in this world again 1 Where in the name of fortune have you dropped from? Where are you staying ? What are you doing, pray, in this God- forsaken corner of the world ?' ' Come hack with me to my house at onee, and I will tell you everything.' 'Sour bouse?' ' Tee, tho grange, here behind us,' point- ing to tho low red gablcB or, rose the fields. 4 Oh you have taken the Grange? But,' and he looked with a carious bewilderment down at Ma companion, ' what hare you done with the wioked guardian, and the moribund lover P Ah I' suddenly cattillillg j l sight of the gold ring npon her ungloved baud, ' you have married him after all, then? 0 ' Bo, no. Poor if amee 1 be is dead. I saw his death in the paper a week ago. X left them long ago,— six weelia, I think,' with a little sigh. ' All that is over : it seems like a dream HOW.' ' But that ring upon your finger ? — what does it mean ?' he persisted, ius eyes hzea uneasily upon the tell-tale circlet of gold . ' Qomo in, and I will tell you all about it, Mr, Conway,' In the shadowy sweetness of ber flower - scented little drawing-room they sat down together, and sha told him the story of her marriage. With a oni'lons mingling of pride and shame, the young WifA , tffllO i was a wife in name only, tried to sfive the peat coloring she could of it to this other fnend of her earlier days, withholding from him some things and smoothing down others. She had run away from home, Bhe told him, 'in order to escape being forced into that hateful marrige with poor Jfitties ffirhv then this frieni, who was very kind, .'Hid very sorry for her trouble came forward to kelp ber, and they had agreed to be married and then to part, Of course it was mucb the best arrangement for both ; he did not want a wife really, and she was free to live in the eeimtry which she much preferred ; he had taken this house for her : wus it not nice p There was an apolegetie tone running through ill is somewhat garbled version c£ her little history, a faint accent of defiance too, which did net escape Arthur Conway's acute perceptions. Her story puzzled him j he listened to her in silence, neither sym pathizing nor denunciating. ' And this phantom husband,' he asked, when she had finished, 1 does he U0t COmB down here to visit yon ?' ' No, he has never been here.' And, despite her bravest efforts, a note of de- jection and sadness betrayed itself iu the ' And who, may I ask, is the unconscion able idiot who, for no given reason, marries a beautiful girl only to leave her alone to the tender meraies of any chapter of accidents that may happen to her ?' She reddened deeply under the boldlieSS Of the words: ' You — you must not call him names, or we Shall quarrel. Ho is a very clever man. I have— a great respect for him,' She brought out tho words with some diffi culty and hesitation. 1 But his tiauia?— the name which I sup- pose Is yours, since you ara Miss ITdil'faz n 0 longer?' persisted Oonway. ' His name is Bryant, — Valentine Bryant.' ' Grood Crod1,' ejaculated Arthur, springing excitedly to his feet, 'Ten have married that old fossil ? I beg y our pardon,' catch ing the look of sudden offence and anger in her face, ' bat I know the man quite well,— In fact, he is my first aausiu. You don"fc mean to tell me you are his wife ?' ' Tour first cousin T she repeated in amaze ment. 1 How extraordinary J But you must not say unkind things of him.' she continued with a heightened colour, forgetting hflW she herself had once called him old. ' He is only forty, yon know, and he is a very hand- 1 B9me man, X don't think I ever saw a finer 1 looking man,' It cost her something to eay this ; it was as if she were tearing open the secrets of her soul J yet her loyally to him whose name she bore forced her to speak the words. Arthur Conway was stalking ahout the room. Hot indignation hailed within Mttl, for, despite his extravagances and his follies, be was a geDerous hearted yonng fellow, and the spectacle ef this fair girl, towards whom he himself had once experienced a romantic, attraction, left thus desolate and uncarcd for by ' that prig,' as ha called Bryant to him» BeLf, filled him with longittgS to inflict C0U- dign and corporeal punishment upon his respectable and middle-aged c on Bin. ' X should like to kick the brnte,' he thought, angrily, but he was too muoh afraid of offending Enid to say the words aloud, ' And after all,' he said, stopping short in 1)15 perambulations m -front ox Her and look- iug down upon the listless drooping figure that lay flung hack against the eofa cushions — 1 after afi, you need not have tied yourself up to bim at all. Since James Kirby is dead, the danger was not so very great : you might have waited, and tided the StCl'fU.' And, like every other man from the creation Of the W9 rld downward, Arthur flonway, because be found Bhe was beyond his reach, became instantly convinced that Enid was the one and only woman on earth whom ho wished for, and that her marriage to Bryant ( was a personal grievance to himself. Then suddenly Enid sprang to her feet, and confronted him with crimson oheeks and flashing eyes. 'Jon don't snppoBetbatl regret it, do you ?' she cried; 'that I wish it undone? Why, I would sooner he his wife than anything elsa in the WOtld I I flfU proud of it — proud (' Her voice broke into something like a Bob, as Bhe turned <joiokly away to hide from him the tears which gathered in her eyea, The next moment they had vanished, and with a little laugh that was almost hy&t;&vical; she tamed back to tim a face of bright animation ! Eut tell me of yourself. How do you come here, Mr, Conway?' Ho was perhaps a little bit afraid of ber , anyhow, he fell into her lighter mode with ready tact i 'If yon aro Enid Buyaui, ydti &i;'a also my , cousin, please xememliec. Oonsms ca.II eac h. Dt/b&T; t-Hcir Christian names : mine is Arthur-' 'Ysry well, Arthur/she acquiesced, with a fugitive blush which made her more lovely than over in hia ayes. ' Give an account of yourself. What brings yen to this part of the world f ' My mother, who lives five miles off. By the way, hasn't Bhe called upon yon?' Enid shook her head ; 'Eobbby has called upon mo. I don't quite kuow why, Ai'toua Conway thought he knew why, and ho ground his tcctb savagely i 'Tour husband could at least have told Illy m0tll6C to 1 pamd, "WHafc does it signify ?' ske said, carelessly, ' I don't waut visitors, and I shall not he lonely any longer new,' she added, with a brilliant smile which lit up her whole faco, ' for yen will came and see me, Oousin Arthur, won't yon ?' "Willi not?' 1 4 If ye U would ride with mo sometimes, 1 it won Id he so nice ; it would make snoh a 1 difference, she coutinued, wholly uncon scious af the flattery she was distilling for him. ' Of course WO will ride together, when- evor you like,' he assented gladly . ' Come now and mow me your horses,' They went out together to the stables, and into the garden. They inspected the horSflfl and the dogs, they fed the doves in the aviary, they talked to the parrot on his perch ou the lawn, like a couple of children, i They laughed and chattered and were happy together ; and by tacit consent the name of Valentine w&s; mentioned no more between them. It was hat natural that ho should stay and share her lutlcllSOU, find by SUd by she drove him in her VlLIago cart SS ffil' fiS the gates of his mother's park. To BE CourrKTTEO.) \V hat do yon think of this theory ahdUt everyone having hod a previons existence ?' ' It can certainly be supported by facts. Yor instance , I know a lady only twenty-seven years eld who often thoughtlessly tells about things that happened thirty -five years ago.' She ! The doator says that you must'nt coll any more. He ; Did he say that ? She : Well,- he said 1 needed eight hours Bleep, JIl, Huggard — Ah ! darling, must X say good-night. Harsh voice from top of stairs full of sarcasm)— Not necessarily, young man not necessarily. If you wish to be truthful, you must say good morning. He ; Ton know how deeply I love and respoot you. Will you be mine ? She : But 1 have already told you no, a week ago. He -. Great heavens, was that your Proprietor (to EditorJ— ' Well, the first | number ef onr new paper looks well, but I hero is one thing I don't uke.' '"What?' 'Why, this oommu moafaon signed An Old gkbsmbsr.7 ' 