LITERATURE. A MINOR POET'S RETROSPECT.* Mr. Locker-Lampeon, who died jast twelve months ago, was not exactly one of the rosea of literature, but he lived so mnch among them that he imbibed some of their perfume. He wrote a number of graceful and humorous vers de eociitf; he was one of the reviewers of The Times ; he formed a fine collection of drawings by the old masters; his library of Elizabethan litera ture was "rich and rare ;* his circumstances were easy, and his social position afforded him the opportunity of making the acquain tance of a considerable number of the cele brities of his epoch, both at home and abroad. The Experiences of aucb a man could scarcely fail to be interesting, and as he began to note them down about the year 1880, and continued to do so during the next fourteen years, they possesa a cer tain amount of freshness, resembling the impressions of current events which a man records in his diary de die in diem. Gar ralouB he certainly is; but this is some times a virtue, as when he tells us of his calf-love for Miss Trefusis, and of his suc cessful rival, " an old man of about five and thirty an episode in his life which is the very counterpart of David Copperfleld's passionate adoration ot Miss T.nrfcinn at Canterbury. The coincidence of many of the details of the two love affairs is indeed, quite striking; and there are many points of resemblance between "the huge unre generate school at Dulwich," at which young Locker was educated, and the Dotheboys Hall of Nicholas UicJdeby; although the former was kept by Dr. Barney, the grand son of Johnson's friend, and the pedagogue received £100 a year from the father of this particular pupiL Frederick Locke*-"Ho only became Locker-Lampson late in life-was one of those incorrigible dunces at school, who so often torn out brilliantly, on reaching ma turity. Thus he fortunately escaped the cramming which ruins cumbers of intellects, and acquired that valuable kind of education which is derived from human intercourse, and from the study of those books for which tach of as has a special predilection; so that the particulars he gives us of his early life and of the ineffectual efforts of his various preceptors to make anything of him, are full of interest to those who entertain heterodox views upon the question of intellectual train ing. Locker's thumb-nail portrait of his first teacher, a woman, is quite worthy of Dickens :-" 1 have a child's impression that Miss Griffin bad all the qualities of a kitchen poker, except its occasional warmth, that her deportment was frigid, and that she had a kick even in her caress, was severely Calvinistic, and had a proper sense of the importance of veracity. At that time, the first (the doctrine) was a terror to me, and my preternaturally keen instinct for self-preserva tion made me regard the last as an impossible virtue. I am more reasonable now." Atone of the numerous schools to which he was sent, the writer, as a small boy, was mal treated by a big, foul-mouthed bully, who preyed upon the toffy and tarts of! the juniors, confiscated their necker chiefs and knives, and even made free with their pocket money. His usual method of addressing a victim was this: " Look here, you fellow; I hope I haven't sinned against the Holy Ghost" And then he proceeded to send the poor little wretch flying with a viciouBkick. But even the bully had his redeeming qualities, for there was a writing master in the school who was nick named " Gums," because he disclosed those sockets of his teeth when he grinned a ghastly grin, upon calling the boys up for punishment; and the day before breaking up, " the Bully bought some mustard and cress (with another boy's money) and sowed 'GumB' in gigantic characters under GumB's bedroom window." Those who have only heard of Elizabeth Fry in connection with her philanthropic efforts in middle find later life will be sur prised to learn that" in her youth she had been a' wet Quakeress,' gay and laughter provoking, fond of song and dance, riding to hounds in a scarlet habit, and walking to meeting in scarlet shoes." And we may be certain that the fund of health and cheerful ness which was thus accumulated, was of no small service to her in her subsequent labours of benevolenoe. Another con spicuous personage of the period does not appear to advantage in the pages of this volume. Looker met Lamartine at the house of Lady Elgin in Paris, and found him "running, nay galloping to seed, in an atmosphere of twaddle and toadyism; his room was. decorated with portraits of him sdf, in the shape of medallions, pictures, and busts." Unfortunately his seli-indulgenoe was commensurate with his self-love, jus tifying the oauBtic remark of Eochefort that " Lamartine was equally celebrated as a poet and as a Christian. As a poet be gained millions; and, as a Christian, he never -ceased to eat asparagus in the middle of December." Looker knew the Brownings, and used to meet Mrs. Browning, at her own fireside. She was not pretty, he says, although she had striking eyes ; but her "incomparable sweetness " atoned for every other deficienoy; so that, in 3ber person as in her poetry, " ehe vanquished by her genins and her charm." Landor's floe reminded-Looker of the portraits of Hogarth, " He had . dia bolical laugh-e prolonged mockery, with apparently no heart or happiness in it, and when yon thought he bad done, lie went on and xra; perhaps his extreme age was the cause ot 'its prolongation, but not of its timbre." And speaking of laughter, Lockers *Mp CfeMtdAMM, AddresMed to My Zfetoendawtt. By F^«rtok 3Lodc8r-L*mp80Q. IxmdM : fknHh. Elder and Co, Jfcdbourne: Melrflle, lluU*a,*na a-*." ? Hi# father, who had an interview with Napoleon Bonaparte at Elba, describes the laugh of that great soldier as "singularly discordant, almost a neigh." From unofficial colleague at the Admiralty, where Locker was deputy reader and prteis writer, he obtained some cations information as to the habits of Campbell, the poet. " He told me that Tom had a weak head, and would sometimes take too much wine; that on one occasion after- dinner Campbell rose from his chair and staggered towards the door; there were some nrovidential pillars that supported the. roof of the dining-room, and having reached these with difficult/ he clang to one of them desperately, fearing to j go farther and afraid to return, and that he | remained there 1 ' And,' said I, who wor shipped Campbell with all a young verseman's enthusiasm, 'what did you dof 'Oh!' said my informant, ' we left him where he ? was, bat every now and again, yon know,! we would flick a walnut at him.' He also told me that Campbell, who waB also a fastidious writer, once took a six-mile walk to his printer (and six back again), to see a comma changed into a semicolon." Locker's recollections of Thackeray and Tennyson are meagre, considering his family relations with the one and his intimacy with the other. He says that neither of them was a very social being, although there were times and seasons when Thackeray enjoyed society, as he was always valaed by it. But so much depended upon the people he was with. Among Bohemians he was almost in variably expansive. Nevertheless, he was a melancholy man, au fond, as most great humourists are. " He was not a light-hearted wag, or a gay-natored rover, bat a sorrowing man. He could make a jest, or propound some jovial or outrageous sentiment, and imply 'Let us be festive,' but the jollity rarely came. However, I ought to say that though Thackeray was not cheerily, he was at times grotesquely humorous. Indeed, he had a weakness for buffoonery. I have seen him pirouette, wave his arm majesti cally, and declaim in burlesque - an inten tionally awkward imitation of the ridiculous manner that is sometimes met with in French opera." Locker describes him as having been an excellent judge of poetry; and mentions that when Tennyson's " Grandmother" first appeared in Once a Week, he was greatly strack by it, and said: -" I wish I could have got that poem for my CorrihiU. I would have paid £50 for it; but I would have given £500 to have been able to write it." The writer adds very little to our know ledge of Dickens ; but states that he was, | even towards the close of his remarkable career, singularly sensitive to neglect: so much eo, that "in a railway carriage, if hiB opposite neighbour were reading one ot his novels, he did not dare to watch him, lest he should see the book thrown aside with indifference." It was through the author of this volume, that Dean Stanley, who had married the sister of Locker's first wife, con veyed the offer of a grave in Westminster Abbey, for the body of the famous novelist; and it seems that another grave was actually dug at Rochester when the intimation reached the family. Even then the offer was accepted only on condition that the funeral should take place with the utmost privacy. The writer adds: - "As a hearse and mourning coaches swept around the broad sanctuary, they seemed to bring with them an unusual stillness. Then, as tbey drove under the archway into Dean's Yard, the great bell began to toll. There was hardly a creature in the street or in the abbey, that 'temple of silence and reconcili ation,' and no one but ourselves knew whose funeral had passed, or for whom the big bell was tolling. Later in the day we saw the coffin in the grave, covered with flowers, and then there was an immense crowd of excited and sympathetic mounters." Dean Stanley naturally finds a place in the writer's gallery of miniature portraits, and the reoently published Lift mid Letters of that dignitary attest the accuracy of what follows:-"He had a lambent fancy, a bright and felicitous personality, a charm, an unconscious purity, a genius for goodness, which none of my other friendB, warmly as I regarded them, possessed, or possess, in anything like the same degree. The Ten Commandments were written on Stanley's face." Speaking of Carlyle, Locker says :-"For aught I know, he may have been that inclement and identi cal Scot whom Charles Lamb would have been willing to consign to the moBt * Cale donian comer in hell.' I should say that, generally, he was not quite understood. Let as try and think of him as a comic Ezekiel, and then we shall be better able to do him justioe. He may have been wanting in magna nimity, buthe was pure-minded and honest-a mystic with a great epiritual force, and, in; spite of his style, a great literary artist." The writer has a good deal to say about I Hay ward, who lived for and in the bestj society in London for so many years, was a professional diner-out, a good talker, and a j somewhat distinguished reviewer on the staff of the Quarterly; «nd whom society treated with characteristic neglect and in differenoe when old age began to creep upon him. He was, it appears, extremely un popular at the Athennum Club; and this was exemplified by a diverting incident. Costa's name was put for the ballot, and then was a good deal of debate as to his eligibilty for weuhenhip einong the exclusives. In fact, "tihey had pretty well decided against him; but* when they discovered that Hayward was especially bent on Inching htm out, they turned round and. voted him in with aoclamation." Hay ward, it appears, was introduced into Mrs. Perkins's Ball as Vr. Flam, who first of all flatten Lady Bacon by spealdng of her daughters as her " aeven lovely sisters," and then excuses himself from engaging either of them, on the plea.that he isnot*danoingman. Thaokerary^ aketoh of him.inthe wo^-jnte, milion lips, and Abra'm nose," is, it is hinted, a portrait of him. A few ftood stories are related by the author of this volume; but they have moat of diem seen the light before. This is not the case, however, we are inclined to think, With respect to one whiob is told concerning Bedford, the celebrated book binder, the Emperor of Morooco, as Locker punningly denominates him. He had been requested to clothe soma rare volume in a suitable "garb, and had not done so to hia patron's satisfaction, who- complained that the volume did not shot properly, it gapedj When this grievous fanlt was pointed out to the binder, his only remark was, " Why, bless me, sir, you're been reading it 1" Here and there, we alight uponafelicitona phrase, as when Lady William Russell com pared the poet Moore to " a clever little gnat singing about" ; or an epigrammatic mot, as when the writer says that a man does not possess genius, for it possesses him; but some of the best things in the book are probably unconscious reproductions of other men's thoughts. In such cases, a critic may well remember the words of Sheridan: " Hided ideas float in the fancy like half forgotten dreams; and imagination in its fullest enjoyments becomes suspicions of its offspring, and doubte whether it has created or adopted." 