. [NOW FIBOT PDBLiaHSD.] . ? 01 THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED, JAMES KNAPP REEVE. >}$■ >■ 1 ..v-: [all QUEENSLAND EIGHTS EESEEVED-] THE MINER'S STORY. A' night and: a day out, and tho California ^''Limited was speeding along towards the .Recast,- leaving • Chicago far. behind. One of ~'>tbo bix men in tho Pullman smoker remarked ;V:'th'at'a fast express;was about theonly thing , that could leave Chicago behind, and to this -.*• there was a general assent.. '■' • These six men, who-had the Pullman to y themselves, were beginning to find tho * trip \- fatiguing, in spite of the assistance that had ' been rendered by the porter and the buffet o to make it less so. At ten o'clock someone . had yawned and suggested retiring. ' At eleven one man began to kick off his boots. > At half-past eleven tho'xnan whom they had called "the doctor," because he had a certain professional air, said they had better each take a nightcap and turn in. So the. porter was culled, and six different : orders .given •.him.- The young man whom : thoy . had ■ dubbod "the parson", called for a glass' of .water. .r- w . ' At this the others: raised their voices in •''protest. ' ' "There is but oneway out of this,".said • the doctor, resting his glass on the arm of his seat ; a man who drinks water for; a mght > cap must tell a story to off-set it.*? The others acquiesced in . this, and for. a >.tnoment there, were rapid calls of "story," ■: As soon as they were quiet, the young ^man spoko in a low and hesitating voice. - " I shall ho glad to pay the forfeit, but not .-.to-night, if you will excuse me. I have seen so little of life that is worth telling. Let us have a stozy that is fitting to the time and -place. Oar friend here," ho turned, at this, \- to a spare,. muscular-looking man who sat ' next him, " tells us that he has known some- ; • thing of the desert. To-morrow we shall he | . in it. Let us have a foretaste of its" life I to-night." I -As this seemed worth while, and. as there I • was some doubt on tho part of the others whether the young man's story wonld be worth listening to when they got it, all joined in.tho attack on the spare man. "Yos, it is true," said tho latter, looking reflectively into the glass which tho porter had placed before him, his glance indicating that he \- would prefer to attend to that rather than tell a story; "it is true, I havo seen something of the desert. It's not a nice place. Not so bod when you can fly across it in a comfort able cur; but on foot, alone, it's different." Ho paused, and his thoughts seemed : wandering hock into the past, before the • railway had annihilated the horrors of the sandy plain. Tho others gavo him time, for they judged a good story would shortly be forthcoming. Finally ho tasted the contents of his glass, and askod tho porter for a little more sugar. Then he said: ""Wheal was a young man I was a mining prospector. 1 went in on ' grub stakes,' and had a chance to learn all about' the wrong sidoof.th© business, and soori wits nick of it. When Iwus about to give it up I chanced to hearri story of a wonderful mine;. There aro storles of the same sort afloat'in every mining, district—of u fabulously rich, niirio that- has becu found an<V IobI. again. These tales'do riot differ: much—except in location and m minor unimportant.details. The.y hold trea-, sure beyond the dreams;.of; avarice. It re quires long searching to' find 'and almost siiperhuiriiraendarnnce tpTeach them.' And there arc usually certain difEcultics.to .be' countered in gaining possesssioif , which re quires a peculiar sort of courage to surmount. t4Had I not been -young, in more ; ways tliun.oue, I would not. huve undertaken ' this search.^ Having entered upon it I was not eusily driven hick. V. ily way lay. across ;the desert.-. I weut alone, except for the company of niwpack jnule. learned little in the way of supplies, besides food and water. It ; was slow/work. - The sand and the sun of the desert blisters one body and mind. My feet grew.tired and burned. \ My head swam all day long with the heat. /My. eyes itched with the'never-eeasing glare of the sand and the sky. The silence and loneliness oppressed ine, and sometimes made me afraid, even ut mid-day. "At night horrible1 shapes moved all aboat-r-shudowB of the clouds overhead.;' : 44 I. hud planued my route carefully. ^ had studied the' stories' of: this • lost mine/ for. u long time, putting together all that was pro bublo and casting all olse'aside;. .1 believed I knew the range, of hills in whose bosom it was hid. - An old - map .that :hud come into my; possession showed a certain'canon, away in their farthest depths, and it was for this I ] searched. "Before I reached the hillsTV half dead with fatigue and the terrible heat I and.glare of the desert,*. Before I foriud the! canon ray' wuter gave. out,; and then for a iiight and a'day-I stared death, in the face. But when night came^'agaih ; and hope was almost dead. l uime upon a trickling, stream of purewater. .'Oh, how I revelled jn it. -.'I laughed arid drank and' bathed my hot' eyes. It'was worth more to rain. than ' untold gold, and for a . time.: I forgot, the object of .my search. , Then I.remembered • that the inine should be found close beside thosourceof'n stream: I.lay downkhd raited until morning,' and thai took up my way again with! a. new. heart.'-." •' j /; • V •' 44 Itoiledall through the day,'climbing where'the! keeping of my life hung upon the making of no mis-step/; And just at dusk I came" to. where a; spring, gushed' up from: the earth!The sun had gone down, arid the full moon had risen and madb/a silver, glory of rocky canon' and babbling stream arid frown ing hills. ' And'; iri • the' heart of all, I knew,' lay that which Isought.- ; . ; ;-'44Now\ a part of the Rtory was that a prior, owner guarded the treusureof the mirie un ceasingly! ;;"Wiiether;hewas living or dead, whether in 'the flesli or.the spirit, none woe so bold as to say. ; But.it was told that he sat day and night 'inside the entrance; that led' downririto thermirie, arid. with, drawn bow waited all coriiew!: That- at a. certain point he let fly ashuft, and;the intruder 'fell down dead.'; ' Now ifeiwas.' a hundred /years since the wine was lost. ' And no mau Eves so long, even to defeud treasure. And of dead men I was riot afraid. So when' I : found an open place that led.irito the heart of u rugged hill side," I plungedboldly forward. • I "confess I had not gone* many steps until Isaw^hat which made my heartbeat faster than.w'os its wont: .'This was a ghostly sort of Eght, streaming" from the far interior of the cavern. But I soon = decided it to bo a phosphorescent glow' and "plucked rip my courage again . and ' went on.. Ten steps more arid my foot- struck against something loose on the rotky floor, and looking down' I saw ; a heap of bones. I have not- the anatomical skill of ray friend the doctor here, but I knew enough to decide that they, were human belongings. This made ; me stand stock. still for a- moment. And in that moment I saw here arid there other Eke heaps, showing with acolddcad white in the phos phorescent shining. ' ■ '• . • 4<I shaU not tell you that I was frightened. Ton may think what yon please. Perhaps I was not wholly conscious that I 'continued to go forward instead of turning back. I am not sure either that I was conscious of the act of clutching my revolver and holding it in front of me, ready to fire. Yet. that is what I did, and as I turned sharply round a corner of the rock I discovered a figure before mo at some distanco—and upon the instant my pistol sent a bullet towards it. . " The echoes of tlie shot made a Ettio pan* demonium in the close tunnel, but before they had died away I had realised that the figure was that of the dread archer, and that his bow bad been strung ready to send an arrow on its flight, and that the arrow had been so sent. I heard it whiz post my head and knew its aim hod .not been true only because my shot had brought the archer from his scat in the very act of speeding the shaft * 4 4 Now I knew that was no ghost, but a man of flesh and blood, and I did not beHeve he held the mine alone. So I waited, expecting a swarm of avengers to throw themselves upon me. But none came, ana silence settled onco more over the cavern, and my courage came slowly flowing back. I went forward and turned the fellow with my foot, and saw that he was quite dead. And the face that stared up at me was one of the worst of the type of tbe border ruffian." The speaker paused and looked about him. All were foUowing him with breathless at tention, so riveted upon his words that none had Efted a glass to try the decoction the porter hud brought. A finer • compliment than' this could not have been paid. He saw this, and smiled doprccatingly. 44 Drink, gentlemen," ho said,^ 41 the ghost is laid." '• 411 But thoend,of the story V\ ."Commonplace. Commonplace. A gang of counterfeiters hud taken possession of tbo mine, which whb never very rich.. 'But with n little true metal that they , smelted , out they combined much spurious stuff, and so manu factured'n supply of coin that had lunggiven them'a. fine profit, and the Government a great deal of trouble. .The archer was a stool-pigeon to wirn' cowards away, when the gang were not there to guard the i I g« * forcc.xgot*away as quiakly us l could 'and gave information, and went with a posse of troops: that surrouuded and secured them alL" • He waited a moment,.and then looked: at his watch. . . - •.V Midniirht," lie said. • " I guess it's time to turn in." . The pule young man wliom they hod taken to bo u clergyman drew a bottle from his pocket and qmetlj* filled his glass which the others now perceived contained but a modicum of water. "" I would like to aBk 11 question," he said, diffideutly. The narrator looked at him in alarm. ■ "Is tlwt u true story ?" asked the young mau. •• . a • . • ':j The narrator nodded. . "Well, Isay.then,'.' continued the other, 'f let's not have any more ghost stones, unless -the ghost is brought on the .stage.' - This is too, much like, playing Hamlet < with the Prince left out." 1 : Which the others thought:was a cunous 1 illustration for u cloriryiuuTi to use, as well 1 as the'suggestion regarding bnuging .the 1 ghost on the stage. Likewise tlie odour of old Bourbon that filled the • smoker hue a1 gracious presence or toe young man handed arouud the flask which he hud drawn from his pocket/ ••-'O-: 