THE SHADOW IN THE MOONLIGHT. ily MRS. MOLESWORTH. [Author of "Hathercourt Rectory," Winds Farm," &c.;, &c.;] ! , Four PART IV. I told Philip the next morning. There was no need to bespeak his attention. I think he felt as nearly as horrified a.s I had done myself at tho idea that our own hitherto bright, cheerful home was to be haunted by this awful tiling— influence or presence, call it what you will. And the suggestions, which I went on to make, struck him, too, with a sense of relief. He sat in silence for some time after making me recapitulate as precisely as possible every detail of Sophy's story. "You are sure it was the door into the library?" IIB said at last. "Quite sure," I replied; "and, oh, Philip," I went, on, "it has just occurred to me that father felt a chill there the other evening." For till that moment the little incident in question had escaped my memory. "Do you remember which of the portiferes hung in front of the door at Finster?" said Philip. 1 shook my head. "Dormy would," I said; "he used to examine the pictures in the tapestry with great interest. I should not know one from the other. There is an old castle in the distance in each, and a lot of trees, and something meant for a lake." But in turn Philip shook his head. "No," he said, "I won't speak to Dormy about it if I can possibly help it. Leave it to me, Leila, and try to put it out of your own mind as much as you possibly can, and don't be surprised at anything you may notice in tho next fow days. I will tell you, first of any one, whenever I have anything to tell." That was all I could get out of him. So I took his advice. Luckily, as it turned out, Mr. Miles, the only outsider, so to say (except tho unfortunate keeper), who had witnessed the ghostly drama, was one of the shooting party expected that day. And him Philip at once determined to consult about this new and utterly unexpected manifestation. He did not tell me this. Indeed, it was not till fully a week later that I heard anything, and then in a letter—a very lon£ letter frem my brother, which, I think, will relate the sequel of our strange ghost story better than any narration at secondhand of mv own. Mr, Miles only stayed two nights with us. The very day after he came he announced that, to his great regret, he was obliged—most unexpectedly—to return to Raxtrew on important business. "And," he continued, " I am afraid you will all feel much more vexed with me when I tell you I am going to carry off Phil with me." Father looked very- black indeed. "Phil!" he exclaimed, "and how about our shooting?" "You can easily replace us," said my brother. "I have thought of that," and he added something m a lower tone to father. He —Phil—was leaving the room at the time. I thought it had reference to the real reason of his accompanying Mr. Miles, but I was mistaken. Father, however, said nothing more in opposition to the plan, and the next morning the two went off. We happened to be standing at the hall door—several of us—for we were a large party now—when Phil and his friend drove away. As we turned to re-enter the house, I felt some one touch me. It was Sophy. She was going out for a constitutional with Miss Larpent, but had stopped a moment to speak to me. "Leila," she said in a whisper, " why have they—did you know that the tapestry has been taken down?" She glanced at me with a peculiar expression. I had not observed it. Now, looking UD, 1 saw that the two locked doors were visible in the dark polish of their old mahogany of yore—no longer shrouded by the ancient portieres. I started in surprise. "No," I whispered in return; I did not know. Never mind, Sophy. I suspect there is a reason for it which we shall know in good time." 1 felt strongly tempted—the moon being still at the full—to visit the hall that night— in hopes of feeling and seeing—nothing. But when the time drew near my courage failed ; besides I had tacitly promised Philip to think as little as I possibly could about the matter, and any vigil of the kind would certainly not have been acting in accordance with the spirit of his advice. I think I will now copy as it stands the letter from Philip which I received a week or so later. It was dated from his club in London:— My dear Leila— I have a long story to tell you and a very extraordinary one. I think it is well that it should be put into writing, so I will devote this evening to the task—especially as I shall not be home for ten t^ys or so. You may have suspected that I took Miles into my confidence as soon as he arrived. If you did you were right. He was the best person to speak to for several reasons. Ho looked, I must say, rather — well "blank" scarcely expresses it—when I told him of the ghost's re-appearance not only at the Rectory, but in our own house, and on both occasions to persons—Nat and then Sophy—who had nobheard a breath of the story. But when I went on to propound your suggestion, Miles cheered up. He had been, I fancy, a trifle touchy about our calling Finster haunted, and it was evidently a satisfaction to him to start another theory. We talked it well over, and we decided to test the thing again ; it took some resolution, I own, to do so. We sat up that night—bright moonlight luckily—and—well, I needn't repeat it all. Sophy was quite cor- rect. It came again—tho horrid Creeping shadow—poor wretch! Pm rather sorry for it now—just in the old way; quite as much in home in shire, apparently, as in the Castle. It stopped at the closed library door, aud fumbled away, then started off again— ugh ! We watched it closely, but kept well in the middle of the room, so that the cold did not strike ns so badly. We both noted the special part of the tapestry where its hands seemed to sprawl, and we meant to stay for another round—but—when it came to the point we funked it, and—went to bed. Next morning, on pretence of examining the date of the tapestrj-, we had it down—you were all out—and we found—something. Just where the hands felt about, there hail been a cut three cuts, three sides of a square, as it were, making a sort of door in the stuff, the fourth side having evidently acted as a hinge, for there was a mark where it had been folded back. And just where—treating tho thing as a door—you might expect to find a handle to ojien it by, we found a distinct dent in the tapestry, a^ if a button or knob had once been there. We looked at each other. The same idea had struck vus. The tapestry had been used to conceal a small door in the wall—tho doer of a secret cupboard probably. The ghostly fingers had been vainly seeking for the spring whicti in tho days of their flesh and bone they had been accustomed to press ! "The first thing to do," said Miles, "is to look up Hunter and make him tell where he got trie tapestry from. Then wo shall see." "Shall we take the portiere with us?" I said. But Miles shuddered, though he halflaughed too ! "No. thank you," he said ' I'm not goinp to travel with the evil thing. "We can't liang it up again, though," I said, "after this last experience." In the end wu rolled up tho two portieres, not to attract attention b}- only moving one, and—v.-ell, 1 thought it just possible the ghost might make a imstnke, aud I did not want anymore scares while 1 was away—we rolled them up together, first carefully measuring the cut, j and its position in the curtr.m, and then we hid them away 111 one of the lofts that no one ever enters, whero tliov are at this moment, and where the ghost may have been disporting himself, for all I kiiov.-, though I fancy he has vrn it up by this time, for reasons you shall hear. Then Miles aud 1, as you know, set oif for Raxtrew. I smoothed my father down about it by reminding linn how gooduaturcd thoy had been to us, and telling him Miles rcally Tn i-'icd mo. We went straight to Hunter. Ho hummed and hawed a good deal—he had not distinctly promised not, to give the name of the place the tapestry had come from, but he knev.- tlie penlleman lie had bought it from did not ; ki "Why?" said Miles. Is it some family that has come down in the world, and is forctd to part with things to get some ready "Oh d.?ar no, ' said Hunter. " It is not that at all. It v.as only tint — I suppose I mu^t pivo you the name — Captain Devereux — did not Want any gossip to get about, as to' "Devereux?" repeated Miles, don mean the people at Hallinger?" "The same," said Hunter. "If you know them. Sir. vou will be. careful. I hope, to assure the Captain that I did mv best to carry out his wishes?" "Certainly," a:ad Miles. I'll exonerate Aud then Hunter told us that Devereux, who only came into the Hallinger property a few years ago, had keen much annoyed by stories getting about of the place being haunted, and tins had led to his dismantling one wing, and—Hunter thought, but was not quite cleur as to this—pulling down eome rooms together. But he, Devereux. was very Lou eh v on the subject—he did not want to be laughed at. " And the tapestry came from him—you are certain as to that?" Miles repeated. " Positive,Sir. I took it down with my own hands. It was fitted on to two panels in what they call the rouud room at Hallinger—there wurc, oh 1 dare say a dozen of tVem, with tapestry nailed ou, but I only bought these two pieecs — the others wero sold to a London dealer." "The round room," I said. Leila, the expression 6truck me. Miles, it appeared! knew Devereux fairly welL Hallinger is only ten miles off. We drove over there, but found ho was in London" So our next move was to follow him there. We called twice at his club, and then Miles made an appointment, saying that he wanted to see him on private business. He received us civilly of course. He is quite a young fellow—in the Guards. But when Miles began to explain to him what we had come about, he stiffened. " I suppose you belong to the Psychical Society," he said. "I can only repeat that I have nothing to tell, and 1 detest the whole subject." " Wait a moment," said Miles, and as ho went on 1 saw that Devereux changed. Iiis face grew intent with inteiest and a queer sort of eagerness; at last ho started to his feet. " Upon my soul," he said, " I believe you've run him to earth for me—the ghost, I mean, and if so, you shall have my endless gratitude. I'll go down to Hallingtr with you at once— this afternoon if you like, and see it out." He was so excited that he spoke almost incoherently, but after a bit he calmed down, and told us all he had to tell — and that was a good deal—which would have been nuts for tho Psychical Society. What Hunter had said was but a sui≪ part of the whole. It appeared that on succeeding to Hallinger, on the death of an uncle, young Devereux had made considerable changes in the house. He had among other things opened out a small wing—a sort of round tower—which had been completely dismantled and bricked up for, 1 think he said, over a hundred years. There was some story about it. An ancestor of his —an awful gambler—had used the principal room in this wing for his orgies. Very queer things went on there—the finish up being old Devereux being found dead there one night, when his servants were summoned by the man ho had been playing with—with whom he had had an awful quarrel. This man, a low fellow, probably a professional cardsharper, vowed that he had been robbed of a jewel which his host had staked, and it was said that a ring of great value had disappeared. But it was all hushed up. Devereux had really died in a fit, though soon after, for reasons only hinted at, the round tower was shut up till the present man rashly opened it again. Almost at once, he said, the annoyance, to use a mild term, began. First one, then another of the household was terrified out of their wits, just as we were, Leila. Devereux himself had seen it two or three times, the "it," of course, being his miserable old ancestor. A small man, with a big wig, and long thin clawlike fingers. It ail corresponded. Mrs. Devereux is young and nervous. She could not stand it. So in the end the round tower was shut up again, ali the furniture and hangings sold, and locally speaking, the ghost laid, That was all Devereux knew. We started, the three of us, that very afternoon, as excited as a party of schoolboys. Miles and I kept questioning Dsvereux, but he had really no more to tell. He had never thought of examining the haunted room—it was wainscotted, ho said, and might ba lined ail through with secret cupboards for all he knew. But he could notget over the extraordinariness of the ghost's sticking to tho tapestry —and indeed it does rather lower one's idea of ghostly intelligence. We went at it at once—tke tower was not bricked up again, luckily—we got in without difficulty the next morning—Devereux making some excuse to the servants, a new set who had not heard of the ghost, for our eccentric proceedings. It was a tiresome business. There were so many panels in the room, as Hunter had said, and it was impossible to tell on which the tapestry had been fixed. But we had our measures, and we carefully marked a line as near as we could guess at the height from the floor that the cut in the portiere must have been. Then we tapped and pummelled and pressed imaginary springs till we were nearly sick of it—there was nothing to guide us. The wainscoting was dark and much shrunk and marked with age, and full of joins in the wood, any one of which might have meant a door. It was Devereux himself who found it at last. We heard an exclamation from where he was standing by himself at the other side of the room. lie was quite white and shaky. "Look here," he said, and we looked. Yes—Jihere was a small deep recess, or cupboard, in the thickness of the wall, excellently contrived. Devereux had touched the spring at last, and the door, just matching the cut in the tapestry, flew open. Inside lav what at first we took for a packet of letters, and I hoped to myself they contained nothing that would bring trouble on poor Dsvereux. They were not letters, how. ever, but two or three incomplete packs of cards—grey and dust-thick with age—and as Miles spread them out, certain markings on them told their own tale. Devereux did not like it, naturally—their supposed owner had been a member of his house. "The ghost has kept a conscience," he said, with an attempt at a laugli. 1 ' Is there nothing more?" Yes—a small leather bag—black and grimy, though originally, I fancy, of chamois skin. It drew with the strings. Devereux pulled it open, and felt inside. "' By George," he exclaimed. And he held out the most magnificent diamond ring I have ever seen—sparkling away as if it had only just come from the polisher's. "This must be the ring," he said. And we all stared—too astonished to speak. Devereux closed the cupboard again, after carefully examining it to make sure nothing had been left behind. He marked the exact spot where he had pressed the soring so as to find it at any time. Then we all left the round room, locking the door securely after us. Miles and I spent that night at Hallinger. Wo sat up lata talking it all over. There are some queer inconsistencies about the thing which will probably never be explained. First and foremost—why had the ghost stuck to the tapestry instead of to the actual spot he seemed to have wished to reveal ? Secondly, what was the connection between his visits and the full moon—or is it that only by the moonlight the Ehade becomes perceptible to human sense? Who can say? As to the story itself—what was old Devereux's motive in concoalintf his own riug? Were the marked cards his or his opponent's, of which he had managed to possess himself, and had secreted as testimony against the other fellow? I incline, and so does Miles, to this last theory, and when we suggested it to Devereux I could see it was a relief to him. After all, one likes to think one's ancestors wero gentlemen! "But what, then, has he been worrying about all this century or more?" lie said. " If it were that he wanted the ring returned to its real owner—supposing the fellow had won it, I could understand it, though such a thing would be impossible. There is no record of the man at ali—iiis name was never mentioned in the story." "He may want the ring restored to its proper owner all the same," said Miles. " You are its owner, as the head of the famih", and it has been your ancestor's fault that it li?.s been hidden ail these years. Besides, we cannot take upon ourselves to explain motives in such a case. Perhaps—who knows?—tho poor shade could not h.;lp himself. Iiis peregrinations may have ticju of the nature of punishment.'' " I hope they over now," said Devereux. " for his sake 2nd everybody else's. I should be glad to think he wanted the ring restore to us, but besides tbut I should like to do something I, you know—if it wouid make him e:'^ier, poor old c'nap. i must, consult Lilias." Lihas is Mrs. Devereux. Tins is all T have to tell vou at nresent, Leila. When 1 come home we'll have the portieres up again and see whut happens. 1 want you now to read ali tins ro my fullier, and if he has no objection—he and my mother, of course—I should like to invite Captain and Mrs. Devereux to stay a few days with us. as v.vll as Miles, ns soon as I come back. Philip's v.-i;;li Vv'ia acceded to. !t was widi r.o little anxiety and : his return. The tap ;stry portu'-i hat 1 ited p'acc—r,n(l on the ii: father. Philip, Ca.pt Dcveri-ux, aud Mr Miles held their vi-il. Wli.it happened? Nathi-.vj—tho peaceful rayjquaint igiited tip tne landscape of the tapust >\ undisturbed by the poor groping fingers—n gruesome imaiti made itself earthly chill as of worse than d felt to the midnight w.-itohe irs — the weary, mav we not lion 1 re •tririt was at rest And nevor since !:;•': any one "been troubled by the shadow III the mooniight. " I cannot heip hoping," smd Mr;. Devereux, when talking it over, " t'nat -whit Michael lias done may have helped to calm the poor ghost!" And slit; told us whut it v.as. Captain Devereux is rich, though not iuimeiisclyso. He had the ring vr-lued — it represented :: very lar^e sum, but Philip says 1 had better not name the figure-, -and then he. so to say, bought it from himself. And with this money particulars beyond saying that with it he did Hometlimg very good aud very useful, which had long been a pet scheme of his wife's. Sophy is grown up now. and she knows the whole story. So does our mollier. Aud Dormy too lias heai-d it all. 'He horror o: it. has quite gone. We feel rather 7110110 of having been the actual witnesses of a ghostly drama. THE Et;N. 