5CHB KIND OP UNITY IX FAITH COMMANDED BY CHRIST. 7\. The heavenly doctrine of Christ* although, for tthe most part committed to writing by Divine In ??spk«.tion, could not unite the minds of men if left its the luiman intellect alone. It would, for this yery reason, be subject to various and contradictory interpretations. This is so, not only because of the nature of the doctrine itself and of the mysteries it involves, but also because o£ the divergencies 'of me auman unna ana or me cueturoing 'element ot conflicting passions. Prom a variety 'of interpreta tions a variety of beliefs is necessarily begotten : hence some controversies, 'dissensions, and wrang iings such, as have arisen in the past, even in the £rst ages of the Church. Irenseus writes of heretics as follows : ' Admitting the Sacred Scriptures-, thev distort the interpretations ' (Lib. iiu cap. 12, n; 12), And Augustine : ' Heresies have arisen, and certain perverse views ensnaring souls into the abyss only -when the Scriptures, good in themselves, are not properly understood ' (' In Evang. Joan,' tract xviii. cap. 5, n. 1)- Besides Holy Writ it was absolutely necessary, to insure this union of men's minds — to effect and preserve unity of ideas — that there should be another principle. This the wisdom of God requires : for He could not have willed that fthe Faith should be one if He did not provide means sufficient for the preservation of this unity ?; and this Holy Writ clearly sets forth, as We shall pre sently point out. Assuredly the infinite power of God is not bounded by anything s all things obey it. as so many passive instruments. In regard to this [ external principle, therefore, we must inquire which one of all the meens in His power Christ did actu ally adopt. For this purpose it is necessary to re call in thought the institution of Christianity. THE MAGISTE1UUM (OK TEACHING- AUTHORITY) OP THE CHURCH TO BE PERPETUAL. 8\. We are mindful only of what is witnessed to by Holy Writ and what is otherwise well known. Christ proves His own Divinity and the Divine ?origin of His mission by miracles ; He teaches the multitudes heavenly doctrine by word of mouth ; and He absolutely commands that the assent of faith should be given to His teaching, promising eternal rewards (0 those who believe and eternal punishment to those who do not. ' If I do not the ?works of My Father, believe Me not' (John x., 37^. ' If I had not done among them the works th&t; no other man had done, they would not have sin' (Ibid xv., 24),S'-Bufc if I do (the works) though ?you will not believe Me, believe the works' (Ibid x., 38). Whatsoever He commands, He commands by the same authority, fie requires the assent of the mind to all truths without exception. It was thus the duty of all who heard Jesus Christ, if they 'wished for eternal salvation, not merely to accept His doctrine as a whole, but to assent with their entire mind to all and every point of it, since it is unlawful to withhold faith from God even in regard to one single point. When about to ascend into Heaven He sends His Apostles in virtue of the same power by which He Eiad been sent 'from the Father, and He charges them to spread abroad and propagate His teaching. ' All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. -3-oing- therefore, teach all nations . . . teach ing them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you' (Matt, xxviii., 18-19-20). So that those obeying the Apostles might be saved, and those disobeying should perish. ' He that be lieveth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be condemned' (Mark xvi., 16). But since it is obviously most in harmony with God's Providence that no one should have confided to him a great and important mission unless he were furnished with the means of properly carrying it out, for this reason Christ promised that He would send the Spirit of Truth to His disciples to remain ? with them for ever. ' But if I go I will send Him /(the Paraclete) to you. . . . But when He, the Spirit of Truth, is come, He will teach you all truth' (John xvi., 7-13). ' And I will ask the ^Father, and he shall give you another Paraclete, that He may abide with you for ever, the Spirit of Truth' (Ibid xvi., 16-17). ' He shall give testi mouy of Me, and you shall give testimony' (Ibid xvi., 26-27). Hence He commands that the teach ing of the Apostles should be religiously accepted and piously kept as if it were His own — 'He that hears you hears Me : he who despises you despises Me' (Luke x., 16). Wherefore the Apostles are ambassadors of Christ, as He is the ambassador of the Father. 'As the Father sent Me, so also I send you' (John xx., 21). Hence, as the Apostles and Disciples were, bound to obey Christ, so also those whom the Apostles taught were, by God's command, bound to obey them. And ^therefore it ?was no more allowable to repudiate one iota of the Apostles' teaching than it was to reject any point of the doctrine of Christ Himself. Truly the voice of the Apostles, when the Holy Ghost had come down upon them, jesounded throughout the world. Wherever they went they proclaimed themselves the ambassadors of Christ Himself. 'By whom (Jesus Christ) we have received grace and ApoRtleship for obedience to the Faith in all nations for His name' (Horn, i., 5). And God makes known their Divine mission by numerous miracles. 'But they going forth preached everywhere, the Lord working withal, and confirming the word with signs that followed' (Mark xvi., 20). But what is this word? That whicli comprehends all things, that which they had learnt from their Master ; because they openly and publicly declare that they cannot help speaking of what they had seen and heard. But, as we have already said, the Apostolic mis sion was not destined to die with the Apostles themselves, or to come to an end in the course of time, since it was intended for the people at large and instituted for the salvation of the human race. For Christ commanded His Apostles to preach the ' Gospel to every creature, to carry His name to nations and kings, and to be witnesses to Him to the ends of the earth.' He further, promised to assist them in the fulfilment of their high mission, and that, not for a few years or centuries only but for ail time — 'even to the consummation of the world.' Upon which St. Jerome says : ?* He who promises to remain with His Disciples to the end of - the world declares that they will be for ever victorious, and that He will never depart from those who believe in Him' (In Matt., lib. iv.-, cap. 28, v. 20). But how could all this be realised in the Apostles alone, placed as they were Under the universal law of dissolution by death } It was consequently provided by God that the ' Magisfcerium ' instituted by Jesus Christ should not end with the life of the Apostles, but that it should be perpetuated. We see it in truth propagated and, as it were, delivered from hand to hand. For the Apostles consecrated Bishops, and each one appointed those who were to succeed them immediately ' in the ministry of the word.' Nay more : they likewise required their succes sors to choose fitting men, to endow them with like authority, and to confide to them the office and mission of teaching. ' Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace which is in Christ Jesus ; and the things which thou hast heard of me by many witnesses, the same com mand to faithful men, who shall be fit to teach others also' (2 Tim-, ii-., 1-2). Wherefore as Christ was sent by God and the Apostles by Christ, so the Bishops and those who succeeded them were sent by the Apostles. *? The Apostles were appointed by Christ to pfeach the Gospel to us. Jesus Christ was sent by God. Christ is therefore from God, and the Apostles from Christ, and both, according to the ?will of God. . . . Preaching, therefore, the ; Word through the countries and cities, when they had proved in the- Spirit the first fruits of their teaching, they appointed Bishops and deacons for the faithful. . . . They appointed them and then ordained them, so that when they themselves had passed away other tried men should carry on their ministry' (St. Clemens Horn. ' Jipist. lad. Corinth., capp. 42, 44). On the one hand, there fore, it is necessary that the mission of teaching whatever Christ had taught should remain perpe tual and immutable, and on the other that the duty of accepting and professing all their doctrines should likesvise be perpetual and immutable. 'Our Lord Jesus Christ, when in His Gospel He testifies that those who are not with Him are His enemies, does not designate any special form of heresy, but declares that all heretics who are not with Him and do not gather with Him, scatter His flock and are His enemies; ' He that is not with Me is against Me, and he that gathereth not with Me scattereth'' (St. Cyprianus, Ep. lxix., ad Mag num, n. 1). EVERY REVEALED TRUTH, WITHOUT EXCEPTION, MUST BE ACCEPTED. 9\. The Church, founded on these principles and mindful of her office, has done nothing with greater zeal and endeavour than she has displayed in guarding the integrity of the faith. Hence she regarded as rebels and expelled from the ranks of her children all who held beliefs on any point of doctrine different from her own. The Arians, the Montanists, the Novations, the Quartodecimans, the Eutychians, did not not certainly reject all Catholic doctrine; they abandoned only a certain portion of it. Still who does not know that they were declared heretics and banished from the bosom of the Church ? In like manner were con demned all authors of heretical tenets who fol lowed them in subsequent ages. ' There cm ha nothing more dangerous than those heretics who admit nearly the whole cycle of doctrine, and yet by one word, and with a drop of poison, infect the real and simple faith taught by Our Lord and handed down by apostolic tradition' (Auctor 'Tract, de Fide Orthodoxa contra Arianos'). The practice of the Church has always been the same, as is shown by the unanimous teaching of the Fathers, who were wont to hold as outside Catholic communion, and alien to the Church, who ever would recede in the least degree from any point of doctrine proposed by her authoritative Magisterium. Epiphanius, Augustine, Theodoret, drew up a long list of the heresies of their times. St. Augustine notes that other heresies may spring up, to d single one of which, should anyone give his assent, he is by the very fact cut off from Catholic unity. ' No one who merely disbelieves in all (these heresies) can for that reason regard himself as a Catholic or call himself one. For there may be or may arise some other heresies, which are not set out in this work of ours, and if any one holds to one single one of these he is not a Catholic' (St. Augus tinus, De Haeresibus. n. 88). The need of this divinely -instituted means for the preservation of unity, about which we speak, is urged by St. Paul in his Epistle to the Ephesians. In this he first admonishes them to preserve with every care concord of minds: 'Solicitous to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace' (Eph. iv., 3 et seq). And as souls cannot be perfectly united in charity unless minds agree in faith, he wishes all to hold the same faith: 'One Lord, one faith,' and this is so perfectly one as to prevent all danger of error : ' That henceforth we be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the wickedness of men, by cunning craftiness, by which they lie in wait to deceive' (Eph. iv., Ii).; and this he teaches is to be observed not for a time only, ' but until we all meet in the unity of faith .... unto the measure of the age of the fulness of Christ' (13). But in what has Christ placed the primary principle and the means of preserving this unity ? In that ' He gave some Apostles, and other some pastors and doctors, for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ' (11-12). Wherefore, from the very earliest times the fathers and doctors of the Church have been accus tomed to follow and, with one accord, to defend this rule. Origen writes: 'As often as the heretics allege the possession of the Canonical Scriptures, to which all Christians give unanimous assent, they seem to say : ' Behold the word of truth is in the houses.' But we should believe them not and abandon not the primary and ecclesiastical tradition. We should believe not otherwise than has been handed down by the tradition of the. Church of God' (' VetUs Interpretatio Commentariorum in Matt.,' n. 46). Irenaius, too, says: 'The doctrine of the Apostles is the true faith ; . . which is known to us through the Episcopal succession . . . which has reached even unto our age by the very fact that the Scriptures have been Jealously guarded and fully interpreted'' (Contra HaereSes, lib. iv., cap. 33, n. 8). And Tertullian: ' It is therefore clear that all doctrine which agrees with that of the Apostolic churches — the matrices and original cen tres of the faith, must be looked upon as the truth, holding without hesitation that the Church received it from the Apostles, the Apostles from Christ, and Christ from God. . . . We are in communion with the Apostolic churches, and by the very fact that they agree amongst themselves we have a testi mony of the truth' (De Pra-3crip., cap. xxxi.). And so Hilary : ' Christ teaching from the ship signifies that those who are outside the Church can never grasp the Divine teaching; for the ship signi fies the Church where the word of life is depdsited and preached-. Those who are' outside are like sterile and worthless sand ; thfey canndt eomrJrehe'nd' (Comment in Matt; xiii.j n. 1). Rufimis praises Gregory of NazianiUm and Basil because 'they studied the text df Holy Scripture alone, and took the interpretation of its meaning not frord their own inner consciousness, but from the writings and 011 the authority of the ancients, who in their turn, as it is clear, took their rule fov understanding the meaning from the Apostolic succession' (Hist. Eccl., lib. ii.. cap. 9). Wherefore, as appears from what has been said, Christ instituted in the Church a living) authoritative, and permanent Magist.eriiim, which by His own power He strengthened, by the Spirit of Truth He taught, and by miracles confirmed. He willed and ordered, under the gravest, penalties, that its teachings should be received as if they were His own. As often, therefore, as it is declared on the authority of this teaching that this or that is contained in the deposit of Divine revelation, it must be believed by everyone as true. If it could in any way be false, an evident contradiction fol lows ; for then God Himself would be the author of error of man. Lord if we be in error, we are being deceived by Thee' (Itichardus de S. Victore, ' De Trin.,' lib. 1 cap. 2). In this wise, all cause fox doubting being removed, can it be lawful for anyone to reject any one of those truths without, by the very fact, falling into heresy ? tvithout separating himself from the Church? without repudiating in one sweeping act the whole of Christian teaching ? For such is the nature of faith that nothing can be more absurd than to accept some things and reject others. Faith, as the Church teaches, is ' that supernatural virtue by which, through the help of God and through the assistance of His grace, we believe what He has revealed to be true, not on account of the intrinsic truth perceived by the natural light of reason, but because of the authority of God Himself, the Revealer, Who can neither deceive nor be deceived' (Cone. Vat., Sess. Hi., cap. 3). If, then, it be certain that anything is revealed by God and this is not believed, then nothing what ever is believed by Divine faith ; for what the Apostle St. James judges to be the effect of a moral delinquency, the same is to be said of an erroneous opinion in the matter of faith. ' Whoso ever shall offend in one point, is become guilty of all' (Ep. James ii. 10). Nay, it applies with greater force to an erroneous opinion. For it can be said with less truth that every law is violated by one who commits a single sin, since it may be that he only virtually despises the majesty of God the Legis lator. But he who dissents even in one point from Divinely- revealed truth absolutely rejects all faith, since he thereby refuses to honour God as the su preme truth and the 'formal motive of faith.' 'In many things they are with me, in a few things not with me ; but in those few things in which they are not with me, the many things in which they are will not profit them' (S. Augustinus in Psal lib, n. 19). And this indeed most deservedly ; for they, who take from Christian doctrine what they please, lean on their own judgments, not on faiths ; and not ' bringing into captivity every understanding unto the obedienee of Christ' (2 Cor. x, 5), they more truly obey themselves than God. ' You, who be lieve what you like of Gospels and believe not what you like, believe yourselves rather than the Gospel' (S. Augustinus, lib. xvii. (' Contra Faustum Mani chaeum,' cap 3). For this reason the Fathers of the Vatican Coun cil laid down nothing new, but followed Divine revelation and the acknowledged and invariable teaching of the Church as to the very nature of faith, which they decreed as follows: 'All those things are to be believed by Divine and Catholic faith which are contained in the written or unwrit ten word of God, and which are proposed by the Church as Divinely revealed, either by a solemn definition or in the exercise of its ordinary and uni versal Magisterium' (Sess. iii., cap. 3). Hence, as it is clear that God absolutely willed that there should be unity in His Church, and as it is evident what kind of unity He willed, and by means of what principle He ordained that this unity should be maintained, We may address thfi follow ing words of St. Augustine to all who have not deliberately closed their minds to the truth, ' When we see the great help of God, such manifest pro gress and such abundant fruit, shall we hesitate to take refuge in the bosom of that Church, which, as is evident to all, possesses the supreme authority of the Apostolic See through the episcopal succession ? In vain do heretics rage round it ; they are con demned partly by the judgment of the people them selves, partly by the weight of councils, partly by the splendid evidence of miracles. To refuse to the Church the primacy is most impious and above measure arrogant. And if all learning, no matter how easy and common it may be, in order to be fully understood requires a teacher and master, what can be greater evidence of pride and rashness than to be unwilling to learn about the books of the Divine Mysteries from, the proper interpreter, and to wish to condemn them unknown?' (' De Unitate Cre dendi,' cap. xvii., 11. 35). It is then undoubtedly the office of the Church I to guard Christian doctrine and to propagate it in its integrity and purity. But thia is- not all ; the object for which the Church has been instituted is not wholly attained by the performance of this duty. For, since Jesus Christ delivered Himself up for the salvation of the human race, and to this end directed all His teaching and commands, so He ordered the Church to strive) by the truth of its doctrine, to sanctify and to save mankind. But faith alone can not compass so great, excellent, and important an end. There must needs be also the fitting and devout worship of God, which is to be found chiefly in the Divine Sacrifice and in the dispensation ofjthe Sacraments, as well as salutary laws and discipline. All these must be found in the Church, since it con tinues the mission of the Saviour for ever. The Church alone offers to the human race that religion — that state of absolute perfection — which He wished, as it were, to be incorporated in it. And it ! alone supplies those means of salvation which accord with' the ordinary counsels of Providence. THE CHURCH A DIVINE SOCIETY. 10\. But as thia heavenly doctrine was never left to the arbitrary judgment of private individuals, butj in the' beginning delivered by Jesus Christ, was afterwards committed by Him exclusively to the Magisterium already named, so the power of per forming and administering the Divine mysteries, to gether with the authority of ruling and governing, was not bestowed by God on all Christians indis criminately, but on certain chosen persons. For to the Apostles and their legitimate successors alone these words have reference : ' Going into the whole world preach the Gospel. Baptizing them. Do thia in Comrriemdration of Me*' Whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them* And in like manner , He ordered the Apostles only and those who should lawfully succeed them to 'feed'-~that is to govern with authority— all Christian souls. Whence it also follows that it is necessarily the duty of Christians to be subject and to obey. And these duties of the Apostolic office are, in general, all included in the words of St. Paul : ' Let a man so account of us as of the ministers of Christ, and the dispensers of the mysteries of God' (1 Cor. iv. 1). Wherefore Jesus Christ bade all men, present and future, follow Him as their leader and Saviour ; and this, not merely as individuals, but as forming a society, organized and united in _ mind. In this way a duly-constituted society should exist, formed out of the divided multitudes of peoples one in faith, one in end, one in partici pation of the means adapted to the attainment of the end, and one as subject to the one and the same authority. To this end He established in the Church all those principles which necessarily tend to make organized human societies, and through which they attain the perfection proper to each. That is, in it (the Church), all who wish to be the sons of God by adoption might attain to the perfec tion demanded by their high calling, and might obtain salvation. The Church, therefore, as we have said, is man's guide to whatever pertains to Heaven. This is the oflice appointed unto it by God : that it may watch over and may order all that concerns religion, and may, without let or hindrance, exercise, according to its judgment, its charge over Christianity. Wherefore they who pretend that the Church has any wish to interfere in Civil matters, or to infringe on the rights of the State, know it not or wickedly calumniate it. God, indeed, even made the Church a society far more perfect than any other. For the end for which the Church exists is as much higher than the end of other societies as Divine grace is above nature, as immortal blessings are above the tranBi tory things on the earth. Therefore the Church is a society ' divine' in its origin, ' supernatural' in in its end and in the means approximately adapted to the attainment of that end; but it is a 'human' community inasmuch as it is composed of men. For this reason we find it called in Holy Writ by names indicating a perfect society. It is spoken of as ' the House of God,' ' the city placed upon the moun tain,' to which all nations must come. But it is also the ' fold' presided over by one Shepherd, and into which all Christ's sheep must betake them selves. Yea, it is called ' the kingdom which God has raised up,' and which 'will stand for ever.' Finally it is the .'body of Christ' — that is, of course, His ' mystical' body, but a body living and duly organized and composed of many members ; members indeed which have not all the same func- . tions, but which, united one to the other, are kept bound together by the guidance and authority of the head. Indeed, no true and perfect human society can be conceived which is not governed by some supreme authority. Christ, therefore, must have given to His Church a supreme authority to which all . Christians must render obedience. For this reason : as the unity of the faith is of necessity re quired for the unity of the Church, inasmuch as it is the ' body of the faithful,' so also for this same unity, inasmuch as the Church iB a Divinelyconsti tuted society ; unity of government, which effects and involves ' unity of communions,' is necessary, jure cliv'mo. ' The unity of the Church is mani fested in the mutual connection or communication of its members, and likewise in the relation of all the members of the Church to one head' (S. Thomas, 2a, 2ic, 2 xxxix., a. 1). From this it is easy to see that men can fall away from the unity of the Church by schism, as well as by heresy. ' We think that this difference exists between heresy and schism ' (writes St. Jerome) : ' heresy has no perfect dogmatic teaching, whereas schism, through some Episcopal dissent, also sepa rates from the Church ' (S. Hieronymus, ' Com ment, in Epist. ad Titum,' cap. hi., v. 10-11). In which St. John Chrysostom concurs : ' I say and protest ' (he writes) ' that it is as wrong to divide the Church as to fall into heresy ' (Horn. xi. in Epist. ad Ephes.,n. 5), Wherefore, as no heresy can ever be justifiable, so in like manner there can be no justification for schism. ' There is nothing more grievous than the sacrilege of schism . . . there can be no just necessity for destroying tho 1 ? in 1 in 1 in iBiini 1 mi nr- 1 irrii' imiii-fin 1 11 1 -irrrrTr*rrrrT*rr~TTrTi**lll l'rHl'Trn unity of the Church ' (S. Augustinus, ' Contra Epistolam Parmeniani,' lib. ii, cap.ii, n. 25). THE SUPREME AUTHORITY FOUNDED BY CHRIST. 11\. The nature of this supreme authority, which all Christians are bound to obey, can be ascer tained only by finding out what was the evident and positive will of Christ. Certainly Christ is a King for ever ; and though invisible, He continues unto the end of time to govern and guard His Church from Heaven. But since He willed that His Kingdom should be visible He was obliged when He ascended into Heaven to designate a vice-gerent on earth. ' Should anyone say that Christ is the one head and the one shepherd, the one spouse of the one Church, he does not give an adequate reply. It is clear, indeed, that Christ is the author of grace in the Sacraments of the Church ; it is Christ Himself who baptizes, it is He who forgives sins ; it is He who is the true priest who hath offered Himself upon the altar of the Cross, and it is by His power that His body is daily consecrated upon the altar ; and still, because He was not to be visibly present to all the faithful, He made choice of ministers through whom the aforesaid Sacraments should be dispensed to the faithful as said abote' (cap. 74). For the same reason, therefore, because He was about to with draw His visible presence from the Church it was necessary that He should appoint someone in his place to have the charge of the Universal Church. Hence before His Ascension He said to. Peter : ' Feed My sheep' (S. Thomas, ' Contra Gentiles,'' lib. iv., cup. 76). Jesus Christ, therefore, appointed Peter to be the Head of the Church, aud he also determined that the authority instituted in perpetuity for the salvation of all should be inherited by his succes sors, in whom the same permanent authority of Peter himself should continue. And so He made that remarkable promise to Peter and to no one else : ' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church ' (Matt, xvi., 18). ' To Peter the Lord spoke ; to ' one,' therefore, that He might establish unity upon one' (S. Pacianus ad Sempronium, Ep. III. , n. 11). 'Without any pre lude He mentions St. Peter's name and that of his father (Blessed art thou Simon, son ol John), and He does not wish him to be called any more Simon ; claiming him for Himself, according to His Divine authority. He aptly names him Peter, from 'petra' the rock, since upon him He was about to found His Church' (S. Cyrillus Alexandrinus, in 'Evang. Joan,' lib. ii., in cap. i., v., 42}. THE UNIVERSAL JURISDICTION OP ST. PETER. 12\. From this text it is clear that by the will and command of God the Church rests upon St. Peter, just as a building rests on its foundation. Now the proper nature of a foundation is to be a principle of cohesion for the various parts of the building. It must be the necessary condition of stability and strength. Remove it and the whole building falls. It is consequently the office of St. Peter to suppoit the Church, and to guard it in all its strength and indestructible unity. How could he fulfil this office without the power of commanding, forbidding, and judging, which is properly called 'jurisdic- tion'? It is only by this power of jurisdiction that nations and commonwealths are held together. A primacy of honour and the shadowy right of giving advice and admonition, which is called ' direction,' could never secure to any society of men unity or strength. The words — ' and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it ' — proclaim and estab lish the authority of which we speak. ' What is ?it'?' (writes Origen). 'Is it the rock upon which Christ builds the Church or the Church ? The expression indeed is ambiguous, as if the rock and the Church were one and the same. I indeed think that this is so, and that neither against the rock upon which Christ builds His Church nor against the Church shall the gates of hell prevail (Origenea, ' Comment, in Matt.,' torn, xii, n. ii.). The meaning of this Divine utterance is, that not withstanding the wiles and intrigues which they bring to bear against the Church, it can never be that the Church committed to the eare of Peter i shall succumb or in any wise fail. '? For the ; Church as the edifice of Christ, Who has wisely : built 'His house upon a rock,' cannot be con quered by the gates of hell, which may prevail over any man who shall be off the rock and out- ; side the Church, but shall be powerless against it' (Ibid). Therefore God confided His Church to Peter so that he might safely guard it with his unconquerable power. He invested him, there fore, with the needful authority ; since the right to rule is absolutely required by him who has to '. guard human society really und effectively. This, furthermore, Christ gave : 'To thee will I give I the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven.' And He is clearly still speaking of the Church, which a short time before He had called His own, and which He declared He wished to build on Peter as on a foundation. The Church is typified not only as an edifice but as a Kingdom, and everyone knows that the keys constitute the usual sign of govern ing authority. Wherefore when Christ promised to give to Peter the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, He promised to give him power and authority over the Church. 'The Son committed to Peter the office of spreading the knowledge of I His Father and Himself over the whole world. He I who increased the Church in all the earth, and proclaimed it to be stronger than the Heavens, gave to a mortal man all power in Heaven when He handed him the keys' (St. Joannes Chrysosto mus, Horn, liv., in Matt. v. 2). In this same sense He says : ' Whatsoever thoji shalt bind upon earth it shall be bound also in Heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth it shall be loosed also in Heaven.' This metaphorical expression of binding and loosing indicates the power of making laws, of judging and punishing, and the power is said to be of such amplitude and force that God will ratify whatever if decreed by it. Thus it is supreme and absolutely independent, so that, having no other power on earth as its superior, it embraces the whole Church and all things committed to the Church. The promise is carried out when Christ the Lord after His Resurrection, having thrice asked Peter whether he loved Him more than the rest, lays on him the injunction : ' Feed My lambs— feed My sheep.' That is, He confides in him, without exception, all those who were to belong to His fold. ' The Lord does not hesitate. He interrogates, not to learn but to teach. When He was about to ascend into Heaven He left us, as it were, a vicegerent of His love . . . and so because Peter alone of all others professes his love, he is preferred to all — that being the most perfect he should govern the more perfect' (St. Ambrosius, 'Exposit. in Evang. secundum Lucam,' lib. x, nn, 175-176). These, then, are the duties of a shepherd : to place himself as leader at the head of his flock, to provide proper food for it, to ward off dangers, to guard against insidious foes, to defend it against violence ; in a word, to rule and govern it. Since, therefore, Peter has been placed as shepherd of the Christian flock he has received the power of govern ing all men for whose salvation Jesus Christ shed His blood. ' Why has He shed His blood ? To buy the sheep which He handed over to Peter and his successors' (S. Joannes Chrysostomus, ' De Sacerdotio,' lib. ii.) And since all Christians must be closely united in the communion of one immutable faith', Christ the Lord, in virtue of His prayers, obtained for Peter that in the fulfilment of his office he should never fall away from the faith. ' But I have asked for thee that thy faith fail not ' (Luke xxii, 32), and He furthermore commanded him to impart light and strength to his brethren as often as the need should rise : ' Confirm thy brethren '' (Ibid). He willed then that he whom He has designated as the foundation of the Church should be the defence of its faith. ' Could not Christ Who con fided to him the Kingdom of His own authority have strengthened- the faith of one whom He designated a rock to show the foundation of the Church ?' (S. Ambrosius, ' De Fide,' lib. iv., n. 56). For this reason Jesus Christ willed that Peter should parti cipate in certain names, signs of great things which properly belong to Himself alone ; in order that identity of titles should show identity of power. So He Who is Himself ' the chief corner-stone in | Whom all the buildings being framed together growethup into a holy temple in the Lord '* (Eph. ii., 21), placed Peter as it were a stone to support the Church. ' When he heard ' thou art a rock,' he was ennobled by the announcement. Although he is a rock, not as Christ is a rock, but as Peter is a rock. For Christ is by His very being an immovable rock ; Peter only through1' this rock. Christ imparts His gifts, and is not exhausted. . . . He is a priest, and makes priests. He is a rock, and constitutes a rock' (Horn, de Poenitentia, n. 4 in Appendice opp S. Basilii). He who is the King of His Church, ' who hath the key of David, who openeth and no man shutteth, who shutteth and no man openeth' (Apoc. Hi., 7), having delivered ' the keys,' to Peter declared him Prince of the Christian common wealth. So, too, He, the Great Shepherd, who calls Himself 'the Good Shepherd,' constituted Peter the pastor of His lambs and sheep. ' Feed My lambs, feed My sheep. Wherefore Chrysostom says : ' He was pre-eminent among the Apostles : He was the mouthpiece of the Apostles and the head of the Apostolic College ? at the same time showing him that henceforth he ought to have con fidence, and as it were blotting out his denial, He coihmits to him the government of his brethren. . . . . He saith to him : 'If thou lovest Me, be over My brethren.' Finally He who oonfirms in ' every good work and word (2 Thess. ii, 16) com mands Peter 'to confirm his brethren.' ' . Rightly, therefore, does St. Leo the Great say : ' From the whole world Peter alone is chosen to take the lead in calling all nations, to be the head of all the Apostles and of all the Fathers of the Church. So that, although in the people of God there are many priests and many pastors Peter should by right rule all of those over whom Christ Himself is the chief ruler' (Sermo. iv., cap. 2). And so St. Gregory the Great, writing to the Emperor Maurice Augustus, says : ' ii is evident to all who know the Gospel that the charge of the whole Church was committed to St. Peter, the Apostle and prince of all the Apostles, by the word of the Lord ? Behold ! he hath received the keys of the heavenly kingdom — the power of binding and loosing is conferred upon him : the care of the whole government of this Church is confided to him ' (Epist. lib. v., Epist. xx ). THE ROMAN PONTIFFS POSSESS SUPREME POWER IN THE CHUH.CH ' JURE DIVINO.' 13\. It was necesssary that a government of this kind, since it belongs to the constitution and forma tion of the Church, as its principal element — that is as the principal of unity and the foundation of last ing stability — should in no wise come to an end with St. Peter, but should pass to his successors from one to another. ' There remains, therefore, the ordinance of truth, and St. Peter, persevering in the strength of the rock which he had received, hath not abandoned the government of the Church which had been confided to him' (S. Leo M. sermo. iii., cap. 3). For this re-ison the Pontiffs who succeed Peter in the Roman Episcopate receive the supreme power in the Church, jure divino. ' We define' (declare the Fathers of the Council of Florence) ' that the Holy and Apostolic See and the Roman Pontiff holds the primacy of the Church throughout the whole world ; and that the same Roman Pontiff is the successor of St. Peter, the Prince of the Apostles and the true Vicar of Christ, the head of the whole Church, and the father and teacher of all Christians; and that full power was given to him in Blessed Peter by Our Lord Jesus Christ to feed, to rule, and to govern the Universal Church, as is also contained in the Acts of (Ecume nical Councils and in the sacred Canons' (Cone. Florentinum). Similarly the Fourth Council of Lateran declares: ''The Roman Church, as the mother and mistress of all the faithful, by the Will of Christ obtains primacv of jurisdiction over all other Churches.' These declarations were preceded by the consent of antiquity, which ever acknow- g ledged, without the slightest doubt or hesitation, g the Bishops of Rome, and revered them as the I legitimate successors of St. Peter. Who is unaware | of the many and evident testimonies of the Holy | Fathers which exist to this effect ? Most remark- 1 able is that of St. Irenaius, who, referring to the 1 Roman Church, says : ' With this Church, on I account of its pre-eminent authority, it is necessary I that every Church should be in concord' (Contra I Hajreses, lib. iii., cap. 3, n. 2). And St. Cyprian 1 also says of the Roman Church that ' it is the root I ' and the mother of the Catholic Church, the Chair g I of Peter, and the principal Church whence I | sacerdotal unity has its source' (Ep. xlviii, ad I 1 Cornelium, n. 3, and Ep. lix, ad Eundem, n. 14). I He calls it ' the Chair of Peter' because it is I occupied by the successor of Peter ; he calls it the I ' principal Church,' on account of the primacy - I conferred on Peter himself and his legitimate I successors ; and the ' source of unity,' because the I Roman Church is the efficient cause of unity in the I Christian commonwealth. For this reason Jerome I addressed Damasus thus : ' My words are spoken I to the successor of the Fisherman, to the disciple of the Cross. ... I communicate with none save your Blessedness, that is, with the Chair of Peter. For this I know is the rock on which the Church is built' (Ep. xv., ad Damasura, n. 2). Union with the Roman See of Peter is to him always the public criterion of a Catholic. 'I acknowledge everyone who is united with the See of Peter' (Ep. xvi., ad Damasura, n. 2). And for a like reason St. | Augustine publicly attests that ' the primacy of the Apostolic chair always existed in the Roman Church' (Ep. xliii., n. 7) ; and he denies that anyone who dissents from the Roman faith can be a Catholic. ' You are not to be looked upon as holding the true Catholic faith if you do not teach that the faith of Rome is to be held' (Sermo cxx., n. 13). So, too, St. Cyprian: ' To be in communion with Cornelius is to be in communion with the Catholic Church' (Ep. iv., n. 1). In the same way Maximus, the Abbot, teaches that obedience to the Roman Pontiff ia the proof of the true faith and of legitimate commu nion. ' Therefore if a man does not want to be, or to be called, a heretic, let him not strive to please this or that man ? but let him hasten before all things to be in communion with the Roman See. If he be in communion with it, he should be acknowledged by all and everywhere as faithful and orthodox. He speaks in vain who tries | to persuade me of the orthodoxy of those who, like himself, refuse obedience to his Holiness the Pope of the Most Holy Church of Rome ; that is to the Apostolic See.' The reason and motive of this he explains to be that ' the Apostolic See has received 7 and hath government, authority, and power of bind ing and loosing from the Incarnate Word Himself ; and, according to all all holy synods, sacred canons, and decrees, in all things and through all things, in I respect of all the holy churches of God throughout | the whole world, since the Word of Heaven who I rules the Heavenly powers binds and loosens there' ('Defioratio ex Epistola ad Petrum illustrom'). Wherefore what was acknowledged and observed as Christian faith, not by one nation only ror in one age, but by the East and by the West, and through all ages, this Philip, the priest, the Pontifical legate at the Council of Ephesus, no voice being raised in dissent, recalls: 'No one can doubt : Yea, it is known unto all ages, that St. Peter, the Prince of Apostles, the pillar of faith and the ground of the Catholic Church, received the keys of the kingdom from Our Lord Jesus Christ. That is : the power of forgiving and retaining sins was given to him who, up to the present time, lives and exercises judgment in the persons of his successors' (Actio iii), to which the voice of the Third Council of Con- I stmtinople responds as an echo : 'The chief Prince i of the Apostles was fighting on our side ; for we 1 have had as our ally his follower and the successor I to his See ; and the paper and the ink were seen, and § . Peter spoke through Agstho' (Actio xviii). i In the formula of Ontholic faith drawn up and i . proposed by Horrni* d ^, which was subscribed at ' i BEBgBggTr— . ??? ' , - v ? i ^ ::„«»-.—?»?—— — - 1 the beginning of the sixth century in the gre Eighth. Council by the Emperor Justinian, 1 Bpiphanius, John and Menna, the Patriarchs, tt same is declared with ejreat weight and solemnit ' For the pronouncement of Our Lord Jes' Christ, saying : ' Thou art Peter, and upon tli took I -will build My Church,' etc., cannot 1 .passed over. What is said is proved by tl result, because Catholic faith has' always be- preserved without stain in the Apostolic See (Post Epistolarn, xxvi., and omnes Epis. Hispar n. 4). We have no wish to . quote every availab declaration, but it is well to recall the formula i faith which Michael Paleologus professed in tl Second Council of Lyons : 'The same Holy Roma Church possesses the sovereign and plenary pr raacy and authority over the whole Catholic Churc which, truly and humbly, it acknowledges to ha\ received together with the plenitude of power froi the Lord Himself, in the person of St. Peter, th Prince or Head of the Apostles, of whom th Roman Pontiff is the successor. And as it is boun to defend the truth of faith beyond all others, s also if any question should arise concerning th faith it must bi determined by its judgment (Actio iv.). BISHOPS BELONG TO THE ESSENTIAL CONSTITUTION OJ THE CHUB.CH. 14\. But if the authority of Peter and his succes sors is plenary and supreme, it is not to be regardet as the sole authority. 'For He who made Peter the foundation of the Church also ''chose twelve whom He called apostles' (Luke vi, 13) ; and jus as it is necessary that the authority of Peter shoulc be perpetuated in the Roman Pontiff, so, by the faci that the Bishops succeed the Apostles, they inherit their ordinary power, and thus the episcopal ordei necessarily belongs to the essential constitution oJ the Church. Although they do not receive plenary, or universal, or supreme authorit)', they are not tc be looked on as 'vicars' of the Roman Pontiffs ; because they exercise a power really their own, and are most truly called the ' ordinary' pastors oi peoples over whom they rule. But since the successor of Peter is one, and those of the Apostles are many, it is necessary to examine into the relations which'exist between 'him and them according to the Divine constitution of the Church. Above all things, the need of union between the Bishops and the successors of Peter is clear and un deniable. This bond once broken, Christians would be separated and scattered, and would in no wise form one body and one flock. 'The safety to the Church depends on the dignity of the Chief Priest, to whom, if an extraordinary and supreme power is not given, there are as many schisms to be ex pected in the Church as there are priests' (S. Hieronymus, 'Diolog. Contra Luciferianos,' na. 9). ' It is necessary, therefore, to bear this in mind, viz., that nothing was conferred on the Apostles apart from Peter, but that several things were con ferred upon Peter apart from the Apostles. St. John Chrysostom, in explaining the words of Christ, asks: 'Why, passing over the others, does He speak to Peter about these things ?' And he replies unhesitatingly and at once, ' because he was pre eminent among the Apostles, the mouthpiece of the Disciples, and the head of the college' (Horn, lxxxviii., in Joan, n. 1). He alone was designated as the foundation of the Church. To him he gave the power of ' binding' and ' loosing ;' to him alone was given the power of ' feeding.' On the other hand, whatever authority and office the Apos tles received, they received in conjunction with Peter. ' If the Divine benignity willed anything to be in common between him and the other princes, whatever he did not deny to the others He gave only through him. So that whereas Peter alone re ceived many things, he conferred nothing on any of the rest without Peter participating in it ' (S. Leo M., sermb iv., cap. 2). BISHOPS SEPARATED PROM PETER AND HIS SUCCESSORS LOSE ALL JURISDICTION. 15\. From this it must be clearly understood that Bishops are deprived of the right and power of ruling if they deliberately secede from Peter and his successors ; because, by this secession, they are separated from the foundation on which the whole edifice must rest. They are, therefore, outside the ' edifice' itself ; and for this very reason they are separated from the 'fold,' whose leader is the Chief Pastor ; they are exiled from the 'Kingdom,' the keys of which were given by Christ to Peter alone. These things enable us to see the heavenly ideal,' and the Divine exemplar of the constitution of the Christian commonwealth, namely, when the Divine Founder decreed that the Church Bhould be one in faith, in government, and in communion. He chose Peter and his successors as the principal and centre, as it were, of this unity. Wherefore St.' Cyprian says : — ' The following is a short and easy proof of the faith. The Lord saith to Peter : ' I say to thee thou art Peter ;' on him alone He buildeth , His Church ; and although after Hia Resurrection He gives a similar power to all the Apostles and says : ? As the Father hath sent Me,' &c;, still in order to make the necessary unity clear, by His own autho rity He laid down the source of that unity as be ginning from one' (De Unit. Eccl., n. 4). And Optatus of Milevis says : ' You cannot deny that you know that in the city of Rome the Episcopal chair was first conferred on Peter. In tins Peter, the head of all the Apostles (hence his name Cephas), has sat ; in which chair alone unity was to be preserved for all, lest any of the other Apostles should claim anything as exclusively his own. So much so, that he who would' place another chair against that one chair, would be a schismatic and a sinner' (De Schism. Donat., lib. ii). Hence the teach ing of Cyprian, that heresy and schism arise and are begotten from the fact that due obedience is refused to the supreme authority. . ' Heresies and schisms have no other origin than that obedience is refused to the priest of God, and that men lose sight of the fact that there is one judge in the place of Christ in. this world' (Epist. xii, ad Cornelium, n. 5). No one, therefore, unless in communion with Peter, can share in his authority, since it is absurd to imagine that he who is outside can command in the Church. Wherefore Optatus of Milevis blamed theDonatists for this reason : 'Against which gates (of hell) we read that Peter received the saving keys, that is to say, our Prince, to whom it was said by Christ, ' to thee will I give the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, and the gates of hell shall not conquer them.' Whence i3 it, therefore, that you strive to obtain for yourselves the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven — you, who light against the Chair of Peter ?' (Lib. ii, n. 4, 5). But the Episcopal order is rightly judged to be in communion with Peter, as Christ commanded, if it fee subject to and obeys Peter ; otherwise it neces -at sarily becomes a lawless and disorderly crowd. It by is not sufficient for the due preservation of the unity iis of the Faith that the head should merely have been ;y. charged with the office of superintendent, or should us have been invested solely with a power of direction, xis But it is absolutely necessary that he should have be received real and sovereign authority which the lie whole community is bound to obey. What had the an Son of God in view when He promised the keys of 3' the Kingdom of Heaven to Peter alone ? Biblical i.f usage and the unanimous teaching of the Fathers le clearly show that supreme authority is de of signated in the passage by the word ie ' keys.' Nor is it lawful to ? interpret m in a different sense what was givsn to i- Peter alone, and what was given to the other Apos sh ties conjointly, with him. If the power of binding, ,'e loosening, and. feeding confers upon each and every na one of the Bishops, the successors of the Apostles, a ie real authority to rule the people committed to him, Le certainly the same power must have the same effect d in his ease, to whom the duty of feeding the lambs io and sheep has been assigned by God. ' Christ eon e stituted (Peter) not only pastor but pastor of pas ' tors : Peter therefore feeds the lambs and feeds the sheep, feeds the children and feeds the mothers, governs the subjects and rules the prelates, because F the lambs and the sheep form the whole of the Church' (St. Brunonis Episeopi Signiensis, Com . ment. in Joan, part iii., cap. 21, n. 55). Hence those j remarkable expressions of the ancients concerning 5 St. Peter, which most clearly set forth the fact that , he was placed in the highest degree of dignity and t authority. They frequently call him ' the prince I of the College of Disciples : the prince of the holy t Apostle : the leader of that choir : the mouthpiece t of all the Apostles : the head of that family : the r ruler of the whole world : the first of the Apostles : f the safeguard of the Church.'' In this sense St. Bernard writes as follows to Pope Eugenius : — \- ' Who art thou ? The great priest : the high priest. . Thou art the Prince of Bishops and the Heir of [ the Apostles. . . . Thou art he to whom the f keys were given. There are, it is true, other gate keepers of Heaven and other pastors of flocks, but , thou art so much the more glorious as thou hast in , heriteda different and more glorious name than all the rest. They have flocks consigned to them one to each : to thee all the flocks are confided as one , flock to one shepherd, and not alone the sheep, but the shepherds. You ask how I prove this ? From the words of the Lord. To which — I do not say — of the Bishops, but even of the Apostles, have all the sheep been been so absolutely and unreservedly committed ? If thou lovest Me, Peter, feed My sheep. Which sheep ? Of this or that people, of this city, or country, or kingdom ? My sheep, He sajrs : to whom, therefore, is it not evident that He does not designate some, but all ? We can make no exception where no distinction is made' (De Con sideratione,' lib. ii. cap. 8). But it is opposed to the truth, and in evident contradiction with the Divine constitution of the Church, to hold that while each Bishop is indivi dually bound to obey the authority of the Roman Pontiffs, taken collectively the Bishops are not so bound. For it is the nature and object of a foundation to support the unity of the whole edifice and to give stability to it, rather than to each component part ; and in the present case this is much more applicable, since Christ the, Lord wished that by the strength and solidity of the foundation the gates of hell should be 'prevented from prevailing against the Church. All are agreed that the Divine promise must be understood of the Church as a whole, and [ I not of any certain portions of it. These can indeed { be overcome by the assaults of the powers of hell, as, in point of fact, has befallen some of them. Moreover, he who is set over the whole flock must have authority, not only over the sheep dispersed throughout the Church, but also when they are as sembled together. Do the sheep when they are all assembled together rule and guide the shepherd ? Do the successors of the Apostles assembled to gether constitute the foundation on which the suc cessor of St. Peter rests in order to derive therefrom strength and stability ? Surely jurisdiction and authority belong to him in whose power have been placed the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven not alone in all the provinces taken singly, but in all taken collectively. And as the Bishops, each in his own district, command with real power not only indivi duals, but the whole community, so the Roman Pontiffs, whose jurisdiction extends to the whole Christian commonwealth, must have all its parts, even taken collectively, subject and obedient to their authority. Christ the Lord, as We have quite sufficiently shown, made Peter and his successors His Vicars, to exercise for ever in the Church the power which He exercised during His mortal life. Can the Apostolic College be said to have been above its master in authority ? This power over the Episcopal College to which we refer, and which is clearly set forth, in Holy Writ, has ever been acknowledged and attested by the Church, aa is clear from the teaching of General Councils. ' We read that the Roman Pontiff has pronounced judgments on the Prelates of all the churches ; we do not read that anyone has pro nounced sentencs on him' (Hadrianus ii., in Allo cutione iii., ad Synodum Romanum an. 869, Cf. Actionem vii., Cone. Constantinopolitani iv.). The reason for which is stated thus : ' There is no authority greater than that of the Apostolic See' (Nicolaus in Epist. lxxxvi., ad Michael Imperat.)* Wherefore Galasius on the decrees of Councils says : ?? That -which the first See has not approved of can not stand ; but what it has thought well to decree has been received by the whole Church' (Epist. xxvi., ad Episcopos Dardaniae. n. 5). It has ever been unquestionably the office of the Roman Pon tiffs to ratify or to reject the decrees of Councils. Leo the Great rescinded the acts of the Conciliabulum of Ephesus. Damasus rejected those of Rimini, and Hadrian I. those of Constantinople. The 28th canon of the Council of Chalcedon, by the very fact that it lacks the assent and approval of the Aposto lic See, is admitted by all to be worthless. Rightly, therefore, has Leo X. laid down in the 5th Council of Lateran 'that the Roman Pontiff alone, as hav ing authority over all Councils, has full jurisdiction and power to summon, to transfer, to dissolve Councils, as is clear, not only from the testimony of Holy Writ, from the teaching of the Fathers and of the Roman Pontiffs, and from the decrees of the sacred canons, but from the teachings of the very , Councils themselves.' Indeed, Holy Writ attests that the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven were given to Peter alone, and that the promise of binding and loosening was granted to the Apostles and to Peter; but there is nothing to show that the Apostles received supreme power without Peter, and against Peter. Such power they certainly did not receive from Jesus Christ. Wherefore, in the decree of the Vatican Council as to the nature and authority of the primacy of the Roman Pontiff, no newly * ' It is evident that the judgment of the Apostolic See, than which there is no authority greater, may he rejected by no ono, nor is itl lawfDl for anyono to pass judgment on its judgment.' ? ? ? ? ?— -nf conceived opinion is aet forth,' but the venerable and constant belief of every age (Sess. iv., cap 3). Nor, does it beget any confusion in the adminis tration that Christians are bound to obey a two fold authority. We are prohibited in the first place by Divine Wisdom from entertaining any such thought, since this form of government was constituted by the counsel of God Himself . In the second place we must note that the due order of things and their mutual relations are disturbed if there be a twofold magistracy of the same rock set over a people, neither of which is amenable to the other. But the authority of the Roman Pontiff is supreme, universal, independent; that of the Bishops limited, and independent. 'It is not congruous that two superiors with equal autho rity should be placed over the same flock ; but that two, one of whom is higher than the other, should be placed over the same people ia not incongruous. Thus the parish priest, the Bishop, and the Pope are placed immediately over the same people' (St. Thomas in iv Sent, dist, xvii., a. 4, ad q. 4, ad 3). So the Roman Pontiffs, mindful of their duty, wish above all things that the Divine constitution of the Church should be preserved. Therefore, as they defend with all necessary care and vigilance their own authority, so they have always laboured, and will continue to labour, that the authority of the Bishops may be upheld. Yea, they look upon whatever honour or obedience is given to the Bishops as paid to them selves. 'My honour is the honour of the universal Church. My honour is the strength and stability of my brethren. Then I am honoured when due ' honour is given to everyone' (St. Gregorius M. Epistolaruin, lib. viii., Ep. xxx., ad Eulogium). \ APPEAL TO SHEEP NOT OF THE FOLD. 16\. In what has been said We have 'faithfully described the exemplar and form of the Church as Divinely constituted. We have treated at length of ' its unity : We have explained sufficiently its nature and pointed out the way in which the Divine Founder of the Church \villfirl thar. if-, fihnnlrl ha nro. served. There is no reason to doubt that all those who by Divine grace and mercy have had the hap piness to have been born, as it were, in the bosom of the Catholic Church, and to have lived in it,, will listen to Our- Apostolic Voice — ' My sheep hear My voice' (John x., 27)-and that they will derive from Our words fuller instruction and a more perfect dis position to keep united with their respective pastors, so that they may remain more securely within the One Fold, and may derive therefrom a greater abundance of salutary fruit. But We who, not withstanding Our unfitness for this great dignity and office, govern by virtue of the authority con ferred on us by Jesus Christ, as We 'look on Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith' (Heb. xii., 2), ? feel Our heart fired by His charity. What Christ has said of Himself We may truly repeat of Our selves — ?'Other sheep I have that are not of this fold ; them also I must bring, and they shall hear My voice' (John x., 16). Let all those, therefore, who detest the widespread irreligion of our times, and acknowledge and confess Jesus Christ to be the Son of God and the Saviour of the human race, but who have wandered away from the Spouse, listen to Our voice. Let them not refuse to obey Our paternal charity. Those who acknowledge Christ must acknowledge Him wholly and entirely. ' The Head and the body are Christ wholly and entirely. The Head is the only begotten Son of God, the body is His Church ; the bridegroom and the bride, two in one flesh. All who dissent from the Scriptures concerning Christ, although they may be found in all places in which the Church is found, are not in the Church ; and again all those who agree with the Scriptures concerning the Head, and do not com municate m the unity oi tne Church, arcs not in the Church' (St. Augustinus, Contra Donatistas Epis tola sive De Unit. Eccl., crp. iv., n. 7). And with the same yearning Our soul goes out to those whom the foul breath of irreligion has not entirely corrupted, and who at least seek to have the true God, the Creator of Heaven and earth, as their Father. Let such as these take counsel with themselves, and realize that they can in no wise be counted among the children of God unless they take Christ Jesus as their Brother, and at the same time the Church as their mother. We lovingly address to all the words of St. Augustine : ' Let us love the Lord our God; let us love His Chuich, the Lord as our Father, the Church as our mother. Let no one say, I go indeed to idols, I consult fortune tellers and soothsayers ; but I leave not the Church, of God : I am a Catholic. Clinging to thy Mother, thou offendest thy Father. Another, too, says : Far be it from me : I do not consult fortune telling, I eeek not soothsaying, I seek not pro fane divinations, I go not to the worship of devils, I serve not stones; but I am on the side of Donatus. What doth it profit thee not to offend the Father, who avenges an offence against the Mother ? What doth it profit to confess the Lord, to honour God, to preach Him, . to acknowledge His Son, and to confess that He sits I on the right hand of the Father, if you blaspheme His Church ? ? If you had a beneficent friend, whom you honoured daily — and ever once calumniated his spouse, would you even enter his house ? Hold fast, therefore, O dearly beloved, hold ^ fast all together God as your Father, and the Church as your Mother ' (Enarratio in Psal. lxxxviiiM Sermo ii, n. 14). Above all things, trusting in the mercy of God, ') who is able to move the hearts of men and to incline ,. , ? J them as and when He pleases, We most earnestly J commend to His loving kindness all those of whom il We have spoken. As a pledge of Divine grace, and '^ as a token of Our affection, We lovingly impart to j,^ you, in the Lord, Venerable Brethren, to your clergy and people, Our Apostolic Blessing. ' J Given at St. Peter's, Rome, the 29th day of June, ;i in the year 1896, and the nineteenth of Our '-\ Pontificate. LEO XIII., POPE. 