PRESENTATIONS FROM PORT AUGUSTA. On Friday e\\-ening several of tho clergy of the Port Augusta Diocese, including the Rev. Fathers W. O'DoxvIing, S.J.. .]. H. Norton. R. Doyle, and P. Cleary, with some of the priests of the Archdiocese, assembled at Wcstterrace to meet their new Bishop, when addresses were presented to Father Maiier from the clergy and the laity. Father O'DoxvIing, S.-T., who read the address from the priests, also on their Ijchaif presented to tho recipient of the addresses a, handsome gold pectoral crass and chain—emblems of the Bishop's otf.ee. The work was splendidly done at Bruukhorst's, Handle-street. The addresses and replies are as follow:— To His Lordship the Hi-ht Rev. James Maher, D.l)., Bishop of Port Augusta. Ik-loved Father in Christ ami Lord —We "the clergy, stcular and regular, of the Diocese of Port Augmta ader tionately and familiarly unite uii this ihe eve of your cpiscnpal'.-nasecrationt.1 offer you our wannest and most cordial congratulations, and to testify our mutual joy and righteous pride that our Holy Father i/'o Xiil. has so siu^ularly selected you from our ranks to rill the exalted oiHre of secuud Bishop of tho .See. When the Diocese h?came vacant, and xve were deprived of llie kindly and paternal guidance of the Most lt':v. Dr. O'Rctly bv liis translation to the more important Arciiiepiscopal See of Adelaide, we felt our loss very keertly. Hut when we remember that you xvere truly his u* Achairs, and to ynu xvere entrusted the duties cf the \"icar-tieneralship, and afterxvards to your prudent care was committed the still more responsible post, of Administrator, xve feel that our lot is now a Iiappv one, and we assure you that your appointment ^ive.s us profound satisfaction. Each of U5 may gladly SD y--" Funos cecidcrunt mihi ill pro.ecia.rii: etcaim liaereditas mea pracclam e«t mihi."— P.^ahns T.V. fi. We have every reason to believe, as xve hope, tllat your reign will be blessed by Divine Providence xviih most abundant fruits; and inasmuch as the needs and responsibilities as well as tlie utmost capabilities of the Dioce.se are already so well knoxxai to you. we are quite confident ts pastoral jurisdiction will be in wise and able hands. Although gigr.ntic work has been accomplished in the p;cst under our late belo\\-ed Rishop, yet much remains to be done ior the final liquidation of the diocesan liabilities, the genera! adancement of reliidon, and t he union in closer and nore organized bonds of the Catholic body for the ecui-m^nf our just claims on the cducatioa quesion. In earnestly seeking to atLai'i these desirable cuds xve pledge ourselves to co-ojierate xxitli your I.iinlship in a^s zealous and dexoled a way as our human frailty, aided by Divine grace, can effect. As a tribal.: o: our .atfe^tionate attachment and priestly esteem, we be£ you Lo accept the pectoral cross and chain—some of the insitfuia oi your oiiice —xvhic'i it is our privilege to present to you. Wishing you many years of health and happine.-s, and praying our ^ood and merciful God to ille.- - your episcoiKil labours, xve ai-e, your devoted leliov,-- xvorkers :n the Lord s vineyard, the priests of the Diocese of Port Augusta. April 25, ISM. [Here follow fourteen signatures.] In reply Father MAHER said:—Very llev. and Rtr,-. Fathers—It is a source of very special pleasure to mo to receive this kind address from you. my fellow-labourers in the Diocese, to which you and I have long been so fondly attached. The ties xvhich united us together heretofore as brother-priests and felloxv-"dispensers of the mysteries of God'' were surely sacred, firm, and strong. As the roy-al psalmist says: — "Qui simul niecum dulces cspiebas cibos: in domo Dei ambulavnnus curu consersu'' (Ps. lix. 1,7). But those ties xvhich bind us are still more closely- knit iioxv that i, so unworthy, am called upon by the gr.\ce of God and favour of the Apjsujlic tSee to preside over you with xvhora I iaiu would have remained on an equality. You must be quite aware that personally potion I which bad no has xvish been for placed the responsible upon ma. But when aupointed ppointed bv by the the Vicar Vicar of of C Christ and tlie Successor of St. Peter 1 felt myseif constrained at once to ol>ey; and hence, no matter what xvere my own sentiments, and hoxvever intimate xx-as the knoxvledge of my oxvn unxx oithiness, 1 accepted the office to which I humbly presume J an; r.on- called by God. Your atiectioua'-e xvords therefore confirm me in this consideration, and the courage thereby engendered is a happy omen that our relations as priests and Bishop, begun so eor- | dialiy. xvith God's blessing, xxiil cause my duties, in spite of mauv frailties and your labours ,ilways full of sacrifice, to bo pleasant and fruitful. I am heart and soul with you xx-hen y ou declare that xve ail keenly denlored tho loss to the Diocese of our late Ixiloved Bishop the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, who noxv with such zeal and self-sacrifice, so characteristic of the man, successfully rules the affairs of the Archdioce>e. None, indeed, felt his translation more deeply than I. To hun also xve must all be ever grateful that xvith our Lord's helping grace he bequeathed to us a splendid legacy, the vivid memory of his many good works and untiring labours in the interests of tho Diocese generally, and especially tiie efforts mace and the signal success achieved in the liquidatiou of its liabilities. In xeiy truth, as y ou so touchingly note, "the lines are fallen uuto us in goodly places, and our inheritance is a goodlv one." Not that auy merit is specially mine, as due to my past otiicial connections xviih the See, as you m such laudatory tt-ruis infer, but that the hanpy issue is the result of the thorough unanimity xvhich existed between the Bishop, priests, and people. It is especially gratifying to me to hnd y-ou pledging y ourselves to co-operate with mc in the future government of the Diocese, and promising to second in heart and deed every act of mine for the welfare, and advancement of religion and the salxation of souls. Of this I required no a.s.surau"e on y-our par:: on that scon; no misgiving occupied my thoughts. assured that no efforts will be ..pared en my side, as far as God gix-es me sTr'-ngth, lo bring about the happy which j ou and 1 mutually long ior and hope by our united xvisdoin and energy to attain. 1 am deeply grateful to you for yuar xaiued a-iii.-ess and for tl nf'.-.i | presentation xvith xvhich it is ac • (1. Tlie cro.-s will constantly serve to lemiud me of our divine Masier xvho died for r.s, and xvhose ministers v.-e are: XVIUIL: the chain by its many u:iit , ".l links iu one harmonious xviio'o will lie a lilting emblem cf the lasting ar.d friendly union xvliich 1 trust xvul ever continue to exist lietxveen the Bishop, priests, and people uf the Dioces Hence 1 accept them most thankfully, xeiy rex-, and rev. fathers, and xi hh you I beseech our heaven]y Father to grant us all 10 Ix; ever faithful to our high vocation, indefatigable in tin holy ministry, and to v alk al-.v-avs 0 :;.s to lit; worthy herea fu- " In rc:°ivo the crown of eternal life. The .idd.'-e ss from the laity read., as folloxvs :- Uiqht Kev. .1 ;s M,u er, D.1L 11 v .he.mceof p God and favou • i f the Apostolic See liishou of Port, Aliens:a. - M' Lori — We, the 11;ul :--ii;ned, cm behalf of the C a thoi.e iaitv of I'o t Aiiiinsta, venture to ap-n .1;:. h youi Loulship 0:1 this s'ulemn ition as Bis 1 . op of Port Augusta to lender x 011 our iieaitfelt colli; ijtulations. to assure voii of OJ r attac iiruent 10 you pel-sou and our <lesctedi:es t the -iuse you represent. Ou the feast of s.- int Phil 0 and .lames -•list ei'-ht. P years aKo to-day — X our pr ilecesEor, the first Bishop n of Port Au/rusla jiv Ar. hbisbon of Adelaide, wis l cousrcnued in SI. yiaiv's t atbcdral, Sx dney. His advent amount us xi as hi ileil, as xvell i" should lv, with dsliK!.:- Oi -rat; to the then st ite of the nio ese tii l.-lbou vhi, imposed on Inn, simply vhich 1 his hi.ih and hulv ins ; tlu- lunuetai y bad to coutend he obstacles with xvnicii ne iwii connoni?a seemed almost insurmountable. Vet, with the help of the Almighty God and the eo-opei-ation of a zealous clcrjjv and a r:encroiis people, all difficulties speedily x'anished. A nexv order ot things soou prevailed, to the j^xin of religion and the sillisfaction of ourselves and our Northern co- religionists. But xvliy do xve make mention of these tliin-s to your Lo'rdsiiip, who, 111 Vivar-Ge iliau iv tiie IJii remember idsliip, with that xxisdom xvith xvhich < it irorr. on liinii, whu pointed out t iie iobla out, efforts to : 1 the d held Lip tO ( dear to y, he id the heart of vour predea few of the many reasons cessor. These arc b xvliirli can be .issipi d for :< • rrl.inu. to the past history of the- Diocest and few though they be they (.o far to p (itn s for tiie .sublime diqnity y<- md tlie wisdom of the Sovereign Pontiff in tins yon for it. A little more than twenty-six years a«o you, as a youni; priest, came 10 .skmth Australia. limine those many years you have ministered to the faithful in many parts of the province. Vour zeal and great, labours for the glory of God and the welfare of i beer blessed with abundant fruit. Your s haxe endeared yo r i to all with whom nt m contact, and your able adminisn t r...I ion < 1 1 ) : i i :r;ri;; the interregnum lias iy crowned by your elexation to the pltTiit'j f tiie s.-icerqoLal otlice. One thing yet afe is buL a xvearx pili'riuiage. The atthe end fur which \\\ e were created ia Uunineu' ( g.above all to lie dc>;n\'i and striven for. Mav : be the h,i ptiy lot of your Lordsllip and ot the t,nck entrusted to year pastoral care to enter the portals of eternal Klor-y a.ad to sing the praises o: Cod for ali eternity. llegging your blessing. Here folloxv right signatures. Father MAHEU replied :—My Dear Friends —The kind congratulations xx'hich, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta, you offer me on this happy day reveal ail earnest spirit of goodwill toxx-ards me, and are a manifest pledge of a true Catholic faith in and devotion to the sacred charge which 1 now hold. Tiit; beautiful address, through which your expressions of esteem aro conveyed, is a welcome message from the Cathedral city of the Diocese. I accept it therefore with much ple.-i.sure inasmuch as it encourages me to undertake the heax-y burthen of the episcopal oiiice with a lighter heart. It will serve to remind me in the future—during whatever time God's merciful care may spare me—of some of the pleasing circumstances connected with this joyous occasion, and, let us hope, nerve me to greater zeal in tho work of the holy ministry. You make reference to my illustrious predecessor, the venerated Archbishop of Adelaide, and to his providential appointment and consecration as the first Bishop of the See. You call to mind the feelings of joy excited by his coming amongst us nigti eight years ago. You accentuate these gladsome remembrances by a brief rex-iew of that instructive chapter in our history which contains the narrative of the heroic struggle and unwearied labours undertaken by His Grace Dr. O'Reily for the liquidation of the debts then burthening the Diocese, and especially those of the Cathedral parish. The happy contrast supplied by the comparison of the opening and the closing pages of that period is a matter of mutual satisfaction and just pride to us all. To the majfnetic influence, generous spirit, and self-deny-ing exertions of Dr. O'Reily the initiation and the final success of the entire movement era solely due. But xvhen you, my friends, in your exuberant g^xxl nature would fain seek to emtihasise your greetings by giving me. praise £ir above my deserts for any success achieved in that marvfcllous work I must disclaim such honour, knoxving that I was but a unit in the fray. The attainment of our anxious desires is to be attributed under God s blessing chiefly to our late Moved Bishop, as I have already indicated, and then as you rightly point out to tho gonerous Catholic spirit and singular unanimity xvhich animated both clercyand peoplein every p:.rt of tho Diocese. Goo gTant that the same solid and binding ties—unity of purpose which our holy faith inspires and generosity of spirit, which is the fruit of Christian hope and charity —may firmly knit us together in the future as the past. 3Iay the many religious works which still claim our zeal and sympathy find response as prompt, active, and efficacious as characterized the early efforts made in the Dioceso in the interests of religion. Your feh'citations end with a pious and salutary thought. Life is, you truly declare, but a weary pdgrimapa. It is, too. a constant warfare amid tho exile. Whatever span God graciously allots us in this vale of tears should therefore be carefully spent in seeking our final end—"thB one thing necessary." (Luke x. 42.) Time flies quickly, aud xvhen past 'tis gone for ex'er; it leaves no trace behind. In the pursuit of the only noble, the one blessed business of saving our souls let us not halt nor falter by the way. Day by day let us all, Bishop, priests, and people, fight and strix-e to know, love, and serve our God so as to come to enjoy Him hereafter in a happy eternity. "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. : ' {2 Corinthians, xiiL 13.) 