CATHOLIC NEWS. (From Contemporaries.) An association of Catholic journalists has been formed in Italy and has just held its first meeting at Milan. Cardinal Parocchi, Ticar- General to His Holiness the Pope, has written a warm letter of encouragement to the promoters of the Anti-Masonic Congress. One of the poor pilgrims whom Lady Vavasour took to Holywell, having bathed three times in St. Winef ride's Well, has been entirely cured of an internal complaint. Eev. John Aloysius Zahrn, C.S.C., whose re markable biological work, entitled ' Moses and Modern Science,' has so aroused the scientific world, has been engaged for a coarse of five lectures at the Catholic Winter School of America, which will open on the Thursday following Shrove Tuesday at New Orleans, Amongst the attractions in the Christmas number of The Queen, the ladies' newspaper, is a complete and clever story from the pen of Mr. E. D'Arcy ; whilst ' Yule Tide ' furnishes a very amusing farce by the well-known Catholic author, Mr. Max Pemberton. In The Windsor Magazine a reprint of Dr. Co nan Doyle's, 'A Study in Scarlet,' is presented. Catholic authors are this year particularly in the front so far as affording wholesome litera ture for the festive season. On Tuesday, December 17, Solemn High Mass of the Lloly Ghost was celebrated in the Cathedral, CarJow, after which the parish priests of the diocese of .Kildare and Leighlin held a meeting for the purpose of selecting three names to be submitted to Propaganda for the position of Coadjutor-Bishop. The follow ing is the result of the voting : — Dignissimi, A^ery Eev. Patrick Foley, President, Carlo w College; Very Eev. Dr. Murphy, P.P., Y.G., Kildare, ex cequo, 14 votes ; Dignior, Tery Eev. Andrew Phelan, P.P., V.F., Maryborough. The Eev. Father O'G-ara, O.S.B., recently gave a lecture in the Catholic Hall, Margate, on ' Incidents in My Missionary Life in Australia and New Zealand.' Everything was described so vividly, and sometimes amusingly, that the large audience thoroughly enjoyed the treat. On Tuesday, December 17, in the chapel of Esker Seminary, County Galway, the Eight Eev. Monsignor Madden, Vicar- Q-eneral of the diocese of Olonfert, was invested by the Most Eev. Dr. Healy with the insignia of a Domestic Prelate to His Holiness the Pope. The cere mony was witnessed by the superiors and students of the college, and a number of the clergy and laity of the diocese, who expressed the greatest gratification at the honour con ferred on Monsignor Madden by His Holiness. The ceremony very opportunely took place in the chapel of the Seminary, to which Monsignor Madden has been a most generous benefactor. The Holy Father spoke in the kindest terms to Monsignor Madden during his late visit to Eome, and gratefully recognised his charitable generosity to the Church. Mr. Laurent Tailhade, the 'decadent ' poet, who was somewhat damaged by the explosion of a bomb outside a restaurant in the Latin Quarter, endeavoured last summer to pay the expenses of his villdqiature in the Pyrenees by writing scurrilous and slanderous articles on the local clergy for a Boulevard paper. He may not find the amusement so profitable as he supposed, for the calumniated clergy of the diocese of Tarbes, to the number of 386, are jointly prosecuting him, as well as the paper that published his libels. The French clergy have hitherto been too enduring, and their slanderers in the Press have grown bolder and more reckless from the immunity they have enjoyed. But this state of things is not likely to continue. Priests are prosecuting their calumniators, and leagues for the defence of the clergy against the anti-religious Press have beon formed in various dioceses. The Eight Eev. Abbot Snow, O.S.B., in lecturing recently on the Church and the crafts, spoke as follows : — ' Thus the ages of faith, the days when the Church held sway over the people, were the days when work was favoured and artisans contented. Wages were unchallenged, strikes were needless, excessive toil was restricted, brotherhood was established, homes were decent, accidents were provided for, old age was not feared, few were unem ployed, and destitution was rare. The exact share of the Church in attaining this may be undefined, but her handiwork is proclaimed in the ordinances of the guilds. If religion brings solace to life, if it brings peace and content, which few will venture to deny, and if these craft-guilds are conspicuous for their religious observances and religious spirit, then it cannot be unreasonable to attribute the peace and content of the craftsmen to the influence of religion. When the Church had a free hand, and oppression had been mitigated, her attitude to the workman has been bo encourage the union of classes, to consolidate good feeling amongst all workers, to band all together in sympathy and charity, in for bearance and respect, to banish anxiety from poorer brethren, and foster content, and this she has secured by applying the principles of Christianity which she has been commissioned to teach,' ? The Hon. A. Wilmot, member of the Legis lative Council of Cape Colony, recently had the honour of a private audience. Mr. Wilmot has come to Eome to complete his researches for a history of that country, which he has undertaken to write at the request of his Government. The Pope took a great interest in the Phoenician monuments discovered in South Africa, and in the history of the open ing up of Central Africa by means of the British South Africa Company. Mr. Wilmot presented a copy of the second edition of his ' Story of the Expansion of South Africa, ' which contains a map showing the possessions of the Chartered Company. He also men tioned that he had obtained valuable docu ments in. the Archives of the Vatican and of Propaganda which would be incorporated in his work. One of these contains a circum stantial narrative of a great storm on the South African coast which was stilled at the prayers of Father Salveira, a Portuguese Jesuit Missionary, who afterwards suffered death for the faith. On behalf of the Eight Hon. Cecil Ehodes and the Company, Mr. Wilmot returned thanks for the manner in which the treasures of the Vatican Archives and library had been placed at his disposal. On his own part, and as a Catholic, he pre sented the Holy Father with a cross of pure gold worked from the mines of South Africa, on which was inscribed : ' Ex Africa terra tenebrarum ad Leonem XIII. Lucis Mundi Vicarium, 1895.' The Pope who was most gracious, spoke in the kindest way of South Africa, its rulers and people, and thanked Mr. Wilinot personally, imparting the Apostolic Benediction to himself and to his family. One of the glories of historical Anjou is the religious Order of the Bon Pasteur (the Good Shepherd), which now numbers 6,000 Sisters, who devote their lives to over 30,000 female children and young girls whom they have rescued from vice. Only those who are blinded by fanaticism will deny that this is one of the noblest and most useful institutions of France. It is, nevertheless, threatened with ruin, and the mass of the nation appears to be indifferent. The venerable Superior-General recently received notice to pay under the fiscal law (droit d'abonnement), directed against the religious Communities, 180,000f. in respect of the thirty-four houses which the Order possesses in France. Supposing the Sisters were willing to pay the iniquitous tax, where could they find the money, considering that they live a life of privation and experience the greatest difficulty in feeding and clothing those whom they shelter and train ? A. con vent of the Order having been recently established at Suez, the Sisters rendered in valuable service to France by the charitable assistance which they afforded to the fever stricken soldiers returning from Madagascar. Father Leon Bouland, who joined the Pro testant Episcopal Church in the United States some seven years ago, has been received back into the Catholic Church at St. Francis Xavier's, New York, by the Jesuit Provincial, Father Pardow. Speaking of his experience as an Episcopalian, Father Bouland said : ' I saw a great division among the Churches, and I became convinced there must be some authority, some central authority in religion for the maintenance of peace and the satisfaction of consciences. I understand now, as I did not then, the infallibility of the Pope; that when he speaks ex cathedra on matters of religion his voice is the voice of God. I had imbibed different and erroneous ideas from the works of Dr. Dollinger in Germany and Pere Hyacinthe in France. I now believe that Papal infallibility is a dogma, and that it is the best thing for the peace of the Church and the solution of all religious questions.' A Eeuter's telegram announces the doath of Cardinal Melcliors, former Archbishop of Cologne, in his eighty- third year. Paul Molchers was born in Muenster, and first studied law, which he afterwards abandoned for theology. In 1857 ho was appointed to the bishopric of Osnabrueck, and nine years later the great arch iepisco pal see of Cologne was bestowed upon him. In the resistance to Bismarck's legislation against the Church, the Archbishop took a leading part, setting the Palk Laws at defiance, and expiating his re sistance to the Government by a term of imprisonment at Cologne in 1874. On his release he persisted in his former policy, and at length was declared by the German Court for Ecclesiastical Affairs to bo deposed from his see. Meanwhile, however, Archbishop Melchers had left the country and taken up his residence at Limburg, in Holland, close to the Prussian frontier. Thence he endeavoured to conduct the affairs of his diocese, and by so doing brought upon himself a further sentence of thirty days' imprisonment. The Archbishop paid no attention to the conviction, and, as he was outside the German territory, a police hue-and-cry notice, such as is issued in the case of an ordinary criminal, was issued against him. Later on, when the struggle had lost something of its heat, prolonged negotiations took place for the recall of Archbishop Melchers, or the appointment of a prolate in his place, but he absolutely refused to regard his see as vacant. At length, in 1885, at the express desire of the Pope, he finally resigned his archbishopric, and on July 27, 1885, was raised to the dignity of a Cardinal. He has since lived quietly in Koine. There never was any party, faction, sect, or cabal whatsoever in which the most ignorant were not the most violent, for a bee is not a busier animal than a blockhead. However, such instruments are necessary to politicians; and, perhaps, it may be with states as with clocks, which must have some dead weight hanging at them, to help and regulate the motion of the finer and more useful parts. 