& GREAT WRONG : 1 OKTHE MJSXERT Of BLACK HOL> LOW CHANGE. ' \ —ii i «> . ii 1 1 'u 1 1 t CHAPTER TV. — ConThroxn. 1 "Passengers tor Piedmont," ebonta the conduator. Lenore has no desire to visit Piedmont, but aha sees the blue highland, beyond, and fancying that Blaclc Hollow Grange must be somewhere In their midst, she determines to eo oa. I With an elastic spring she gets aboard, and the train thunders on just as poor, panting Clottlde comes op, " MIsS Lenore I Miss Lenore ?" she shrieks, but the roar of the wheels drowns her Iran, tlo cry, and Mlis Trevethon, looking from the window of hor carriage, node and kisses the tips of her white Angers, as she is whirled away, ' What shall I do ?" moan, the woman, Wringing her bands. "He'll take my life 'if he ever knows. Oh, What shall I do ?" Meanwhile Lenore flies on, over miles of golden gone, and - purple heath- bloom, a strange sense of liberty thrilling her. The young lady reinoteB her jaahty hat, and liee back in her Beat, while the breeze stirs her tresses into a mass of riotous gold. Heiress and bride-elect that she is, ebe finds her life insufferably dull and etupld. The constant adulation and hoinage of men and women, hae grown to be an old long, of which she is thoroughly weary. " 1 wish I could run away," sba repeats, Watching the flying hills With dreamy eyes. " I have half a mind to try— fun sway and seek my fortune, as the heroines in novels sometimes do, and leave all my possessions to Sir Geoffrey. I suppose, however, he would follow me, and fetch me back to marry Riehmond. _ Dear, dear, how awfnlly stupid it all is — this marrying business above all, It really turns ma siok to think of it. I sincerely hope that Richmond may be ship wrecked I" i " Piedmont Station I" She springs to her feet, and adjusts her hat and tumbled tresses. " If you please, sir," she inquires, as the conductor hands her out. " is there a place anywhere near here oalled Blaok Hollow Grange 7" The man turns round and looks at her be fore he replies : " Yes, miss, there is ; the Haunted Manor,' it is called nowadays." " Precisely ; tbat'a the place I mean. Will yon have the kindness, sir, to tell me the distance, and in what direction it lies 7" " Over yonder, miss, the other side of those bine peaks, to the left a matter of a cotlple of miles perhaps, and pretty straight road. But begging your pardon, miss, you don't think of going there?" " Yes, air, I am certainly going tti the Haunted Manor,' if I can find it, and I'm much obliged to you." " Perhaps you don't know, miss, that the manor's been deserted this ten year and more, and folks say 'tie haunted ?" continues itlio conductor, with the vety best inten sions. "Yes, air, I know all about it. Good- morning I" Lenore trips away, while a dozen head9 . protrude from the carriage windows, and as many pairs of .eyes watch her with staring curiosity. She hurries on, . more determined than ever to accomplish the objoot she has in view, Sho has walked. a 'full mile, and the sun has passed the zenith before she coraea|in eight of a single dwelling, or the least sign of civi lized life. At last, in a green hollbw beneath the hills, she sees a email hut, in front of which an old woman sits knitting. Lenore is growing weak from fatigue and hungor ; hence she determines to turn aside aud hay a draught of fresh milk, and find out if she is pursuing the right way. The old dame rises up at her approach and proffers iter a seat, Which the girl gladly ac cepts V ' r " -j k fits saints protect lis I" cries tna namo, with uplifted hands and affrighted oyeet one would take ye for the lovely murdered Ieddy herself, cflme out of her winding sheet. Are ye a ghost or a living woman ?" "A living woman, and a hungry one, too," laughs Lenore. " My good creature, what do you mean ? 3urcly yon don't take me for a ghost?" " Nay, nay, but ye look loike her, the poor uranl6red leddv as sleeps la the Blaok Hollow up yonder. I seen her wi' these two eyes, the blessed nlgbt afore ehe was mur dered, a walking up and down the terrace, her jailer hair all a streaming, and the flowers on nor breast, and you be ae like hor as two peas." Lenore's eyes quickly fill with tears, and her breast heaves. "Poor lady," she replies, steadying her voice by a groat effort. » I've heard of her Tell me about iter, please," " There is little to tell, miss, saving that itie walked the terrace that ovonlng, »o fair and so smiling, and the next blessed iriorn they found her lying dead in a pool of her own heart's blood, and the master gone, and from that day to this he has not been heard of, But they do say," she adds, with a shuddor, " as he it was murdered her, be cause she had a smiling face for other men than blm, and that's why they buriod her in the Blaok Hollow, and with a stone arose at her hend. Lenore presses her hand agnlnst her heart, 8he has never been told before that her mothor lies buried in the Blaok Hollow below the Gratige. " And no one oan toll what become of hint ?" ehe falters. " The husband, yoa mean ? Bless you, no, miss I But some think he made an end of hlSself lb the lake yondor, and they do say, when it storms, attd the winds are high, be comes back and sits On tile shore, and she walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair streaming, Wringing her white bands, and crying fit to break her heart." " And the haunted manor is not far from hero, is it 7" asks Lenore. " A mile perhaps, right above us, beyond the blaok firs," Ware you over in the old house f I mean, since the murder?" "Saints protect it,- I'd M Boon venture Within the gates o' perdition. Why, tto human oreature hae ever crossed that blaok glen ; and no one has ever entered the acoursed place since the murder, excepting Ambrose Gethart, and he was well-high frightened oat Of his wits," " There was a child left, I have heard," Miss Trevethon continues, moved by a curious desire to hear all the old 'dame 'can tell. 1 " Bless ye, miss, a little mitopf a girl, and ehe wee wandering from room to room, a Sobbing aftd crying, and her mother's blood aforo her young eyea, They fetohed her down here the very day after the murder, and I gave her a bowl of goat's mtlk ana brown bread from tbat very blue bowl on the dresser. Such a pretty little lady, the very picture Of her mother. "And What became of hart" " They took her away. Hie oonsin came frem over the eea,and took her oil to London, and I've beard nothing of her einco, She may be dead by this— the better fpr her if he is, poor thing, for the mother's shame always falls on the daughter's head." ' " Ay, true enough, better for her if the were dead," Lenore echoes under hor breath, with a Weary sigh. " Let me have a draught of milk and a morsel of bread, ' and take this for your trouble," she adds, aloud. The dama'e eyes glitter greedily at eight of the silver whlob Loners puts In her yellow palm, and ehe bobbles away, and produces a bowl ot milk and a small loaf of bread. Lesore drinks the milk from the same blue bowl, from which sho waa fad so many yean ago. puts morsel of theloaf in hor pttoket, bids her hostess adieu, and do- parti,,' war. ' :y, r- The old woman teoks after Iter, shading bar- eyes from tho afternoon sunlight. "The satnte ptoteet us," ebe mutters, "they be as like ss two peas I It surely can't ha the ghost of the murdered fair lady ? I liquid drop in my Bhoes with fear it 1 really 'tbahebt So." CHAPTER V. A AWrCL APPiniTlOH. It Is the same old story ot mnrdor and mystery that Miss Trevothon had heard from the lips of old Eisby a few years before. He was an old and devoted servant of tbe House of Trevethon, and on hie death-bed he had told the young heiress the terrible tale of her mother! murder and her father disappear ance. rr The terrible affair happened some two or thrte years after tbe formal betrothal, or 1 Fairy Marriage," with whioh our etory opened. Geoffrey Trevethon, tbe banished heir, was atill off in India, serving his Country under his nssumed name, while his cousin, Arthur, reigned in his stead at Lyn- dith Hall. But poor Sir Arthur was an in- J T ,,nffarin8 trom an ineurable disease, and took hut email oomfort in his wealth and his honors. The One desire of hie heart was to see bis adopted brother ngaln, and to restore to him the heritage whioh hie father's un natural cruelty had taken from him. But Geoffrey did not return, and hie letters to his friends in England were few end far between. Despairing of ever seeing him again, Sir Arthur made his will, binding his daughter, aslie fancied, to remain true and loyal to her childish marriage to her cousin, Rlahmond, Some time thereafter he went with his family to spend the summer months, after tbe custom of bit race, at an old home amid ' the Scottish Grange — a gloomy, ghostly, grand old bouse, built on the summit ot a bold epur, beneath whioh lay a Wild glen, from whioh the piece derived its name. Sir Arthur wont up with troops of gay friends, and a fow efficient servants, and through all tbe golden summer-time the hill country was enlivened with their festivities. It was as late as September when tho party broke up, and the baronet made preparation) for his return to England. Ouly a day oi so before his departure a foreign letter cams through hie London agent from the banished beir, and it contained the welcome intelli gence that he was coming home at last. His wife was dud and buried in India, and in Oedienee to her dying wish, he was coming, With his Son, Richmond, to Lyndeth Hall. This letter made Sir Arthur another man. Filled with delight, he made preparations for au immediate visit to London to meet and welcome the returning soldier. " No batter how soon I die now, I shall die content, " be said to his wife on the eve ot their departure. "To see Geoffrey rein stated tn his old home is the dearest wish of my life." The gueBts were all gone from Black Hol low Grange , tbe servants had been sent in advance to Lyndeth Hall, and on tbe morrow Sir Arthur and hie family would follow. The morrow came, and the men who were to take charge of the Grange appeared at an early hour. They found the old house as silent as a tomb, and when they entered, after ineffectual efforts to rouse the family, an awful eight met them. Under the sickly glimmer of the still burning chandeliers, all bathed in blond, lay Sir Arthur's beautiiui wife, brutally mur dered; in the room beyond her maid was also found dead ; and wandering about the nursery, sobbing in terror and grief was the little girl Lenore. Sir Arthur himself waa gone. No trace of him, either alive or dead, could be found anywhere. A week, perhaps, after this ehooking tragedy, the cousin of the murdered man ar rived in London with his little eon. He was greatly shocked, as may be imagined, but he evinced great presence of mihd, and at once hurried to the eaeno of the murder. He found the neighborhood in great excitement, aiid tbe Grange in the hands of the authori ties, who were using every effort to elucidate the mystery. Vainly enough, however, not the slightest clue coutd he had to the mur derer, nor could the mysterious disappear ance of Sir Arthur be accounted for. Hie wife, poor, beautiful lady, who was a foreigner by birth, and without relatives in England, had been buried in the hollow below the Grange ; and a report was circu lated that her frailty had equalled hor beauty, and her husband hnd murdered her in a fit of jealousy, and then fled. This report Geoffrey Trevethon contra dicted with great indignation, and took upon himself the task of clearing up the mystery and lifting the dishonor from his cousin's name. Potting aside all scruples in regard to his late father's will, he at once aocepted the title which belonged to hira, and Installed himself as guardian of little Lenore, assuming entire control of the vast estates of which sho wno Solo heir. Ho Worked assiduously, too, sparing no ex pense or pains to solve the strange mystery and briny the criminal to jnstloe, but with out success. Not the slightest elite oould be had to tbe mysterious disappearance of Sir Arthur or to-the murderer ot his wife. Years passed, and the mystery of Blnek Hollow Grange was a mystery still ; and little by little the terrible atory had come to Lenore e ears as she grew toward perfect womanhood, A word hero, and a hint there, until at last the bid servant, on His death bed, had poured tbe wholo awful story into her ear. From that hour the heiress of Trevethon bad thought of little else. _ Bbe thinks of it now, standing all alone amid the wild Scot tish hills under tho very shsdowof the weird old houso whioh holds the awful seoret. The Sun hangs low in the weBt, Its yellow rays gleaming on the quaint, Weird windows and gray gables of the hounted Grange ; but in her brave, resolute heart Miss Trevethon resolves to push hor adventure to the end. Shit had planned too long to obtain this opportunity to have aav thought of renounc ing It. . Yet, dosplte her brave blood aud ber in vincible, will, her young cheek blanolies, and a slight shudder shakes hor, as she looks up at the frowning old mansion, dimly revealed through the tblok foliage of the blaok fire. In tbat gruesome, ghostly manor sho waa made an orphan. Ab, heaven, if ebe might only be able to solve the mystory and lift tbe stain tram her dead Mother's name. With rapid steps sho makes hsr way to the biaak glen below the manor. It is a wild and lonely valley, shut in by funereal borders jf black fire, and in its vfery centre opticus a Ipeotral stons cross. Lonure casta herself down upon the mosey north and reads the simple inscription : ' Lenore Trevethon." Lenore la deeply moved; she rests ber throbbing bead against the cold tombstone red weeps as she novcr wept before. " Mother, dear, beautiful mother I" ebe moans, " I do not believe one word of the evil they impute to you— I nover will boliove it. Ob, mother, look down from heaven and pity yuur poor child I" A raven flape its wings in the black Drenches overhead andutterea dismal oroak. The girl rises to her feet with a shuddor, plucks a sprig of blooming heather from the lonely grave, attd turns away with a heart broken sob. The winding path that once led up tha oluff is all overgrown, and it la with consider- able diflculty that she makes the ascent. Panting from her exertions, she at last stands before the huge iron gate. It is closed, but at the touch of her hand it swinge open with a hoarse creak. She arosees the grounds and gains the terrace upon whioh hor mother walked the evening before hor death. The flagstones beneath her feet ore green and slippery wlthimold.the old house looms up above net like a huge gray tomb. Bbe looks Up at the silent windows and an awful terror somes over ber. Her oheoks blanch and her irery knees shake, But she oleaehei her band ana sets her teeth, tbe old Trevethon will rising up strong within her. "Never look book," was an enolent motto of ber house.. Bbe will ndt look back now. Bbe mnkflt het-WM ra>-d i to the fabjat Bh)Ml||)e. 4 The yard is overgrown, ana here and there a broken urn or of alien statue gleaina through the lottg grass, had ovei- the huge pillars of the portico wild vines trail in luxuriant growth, Lenore ascends the mossy steps, posses the vestibule, and tries the massive oak door. It opens rsadlly, and she passes through into a wide hall all hung with hunting trophies, and here and there a piece of anoient armor. Through a stained windowat the remote end the afternoon sun Bhiues, filling the room with lurid splendor. Mlsa Trevethon moves on with bated breath and distended eyes, awed and yet strangely fascinated. She comes to another door, whleh admits her into the spacious double drawing-rooms. The lurid glow from tbe stained window penetrates even here, die- closing the tattered silken hangings and tbe faded carpet, In the very centre of which, under the rusty chandelier, is a dark stain,' wbtah all the yean had failed to obliterate. The girl sees it, and a ory of horror breaks from her white lips. It was In that spot tbat her mother lay murdered. She turns away, sick and shuddering, and returns to the hall. The broad staircase goes wlndiag up iuBt beyond her , and possessed- with a foolish fancy that in some part of this dim old house she must find a cluo to her father's mysterious fate, she ventures to ascend. Her light step9 ring sharply in tbe terrible silence. On the first landing a great bird flutters out from a sequestered nook, and flies past her with a soream. The girl's heart beats so rapidly tbat ebe can scarcely breathe, anil a cold aweat bedews bar brow, but ebe goes on. She oomeB to a long suite of sleeping apart ments, the first of which she enters. It is a spacious chamber, which must have been splendid In its day, the couoh all hung with taroiehed white, the dressing-table strewn with fomlnlne trifles, " Can this have been my mother'e cham ber ?" tbe girl wonders. She approaches tbe table to select some littie souvenir from the faded toys, when a sudden sound, a mesmeric sense of some near presence, thrills ber with deadly terror. Sha turns round, lust in tlma to see an on posite door swing oautiously open and a fooo fieer tbrougli tbe aperture- An awful fees t seems to tbe terrified girl, white and spec tral, with a beard flowing down like a frosty cloud, One wild, wide. eyed glance, and then with a shriek of mortal fear Lenore flies cut of tbe chamber and down the resounding stairs. " Stop, stop I . I'm not mad, my beautiful maiden ; I won't hurt you," calls a gentle, musical volee. But if Miss Trevethon hears she doeB not heed. She files downward with headlong speed until she reaches the terrace below ; there she pauses and and reels giddily for an instant. Her over-taxed powers fall bar, and with a second terrified ory she falls down upon the mossy flag- stones In a death like swoon, , CHAPTER VI. AN ILL-STARRED MEETING. When Miss Trevethon awoke from her trance of terror the sun was quite down, and the silvery mist of a September twilight hang over the dark old manor. She lay where she had fallen on the damp stones of the terraoc, aud it was some time before she could collect her senses sufficiently to remember what bad happened, or where she was. When she did fully remember, all her wild terror was revived, and she sorambled to her feet, Snd wont soudding across the grounds like h hunted hare. Beyond the grent gate ebe paused, and ven tured to look back. Tbe sun was down, but all the west was in a Same of crimson fire, while over tbe blue peaks of the Highland hills a golden harvest moon was rlBing. Every window In the old manor, every gray turret, waa gilded with reflected light, Lenore gazed upward, experiencing a feel ing of admiration despite her terror ; hut while she gazed a turret window was thrown open, aud that same awful faee looked out, A phantom hand slowly beckoned her, and that same luring, musioal voice called out again. Pretty maiden, no need to run away ; this house is mine, and you are welcome, I am not mod, aa they tell you I ' At any other time the girl's brave blood Would have Sustained hor : but wearied and unnerved as she was, she succumbed to the terror that assailed her ; never dreaming that anything short of some awful super natural presonae was looking down upon her- She turned and fled, its if for her very life. 11 Olotllde was right, ' she murmured, as she ran along; "I should never hare cornel" She bad gone about a mite perhaps, when she began to feel doubtful about ber ability to keep the right path. She paused, and glanced about her, hoping to see some human habitation. Alas I there was none in sigiit, By this time the sun bad gone down, and tho moon was bathing the earth With its silver radiance. While she stood irresolute, a footstep sounded behind ber. Site turned swiftly, and faoed n uian, with his bat In his hand, and a cigar between his lips. A tall, dark, and rather handsome person he looked In tho moonlight. Lenore decided to ad dress him. " If you please, sir," she said, as he ap proached her, " I am trying to reaali Pieii- tnont station, and I feel somewhat doubtful whether I am on the right course. Will you have the kindness — " " Now that )'.» jolly," the Stranger inter rupted, in a harsh, familiar voice. " Pied mont station— the very confounded place I'm in search of I Come, my dear, you are too pretty to be wandering alone at this hour, so we'll bear each other company. Give me your hand, my dear, and we'll soon reach Piedmont, or some other plnce," Ho advanced quite close, and attempted to take her hand ; his breath, reeking with biandy, coming hot upon her cheek. Lenore drew back in disguBt atid anger. " Thank you, sir, but I havo no desire for your company ; I merely thought you would be civil onough to dlreot me which way to go. Let me pass I" But Ue planted himself before her like a wall. Her bide eyes began to flash like steel, and the rich color leaped to her white cheeks. BUo had fled from what she believed to be an apparatlott, but she had no fear of mortal man. " Let me past, elr ;" she repeated, her im perious voioe ringing like a bugle. " Let you pass?" the man repeated, catch ing at her hand again. " Why, what d'ye take me for ? What's a pretty creature like you strolling about at this hour for, If not in quest of company 7 And I'm good company, I am. Oome, now, give ua a kiss, and take my arm, and we'll jog along together ae jolly ob yon please I" A sudden sense of her thoughtless in discretion in putting herself in such a questionable position, smote Lenore, but she felt no fear. "Will yoit let me pass, sir?" she again re peated. For answer, the man seized her left arm, and drew her close to bis side, and bending over ber, made an effort to pollute hor ohoek by aontact with his lips. Bbe did not orjr out or even struggle, but hsr bins eyes darkened until tbey looked almost black in the moonlight, and she put her right hand to har bosom. The next Instant, Something bright Hashed out like a glean of lightning, and the man reletting bus hold, staggered back with a loud ory, . " Why, what's this ? What are you doing ?" demanded u resonant voioe. MIbs Trevothon turned quietly to meet this norf-oomst, returning the slender dagger to hbr bosom, as sue did ao. It was a curious, costly ljttle toy, that had been in ber family for ages, andTt' was Lenore's habit to catry It nuh ber person. 