THE PAPACY AMD PAR- NELLISM. VIGOROUS efforts are now being made on all sides to re-consolidate tbe Irish Parliamentary Party into one barm u- ious whole, which is to take the place of the jarring and jangling factions which have practically ruined the cause of Home Rule and brought disgrace upon the name of Ireland. By a cable recieved by us on Tuesday night, but unfortunately crowded out until to-day's issue, it will be seen that, in addition to the conferences which have been held in various parts of Ireland, iu which delegates from all over the Empire and the United States have taken part, and the pleadings of the Irish Press and Parliamentary leaders, the mighty moral force of the Papacy has been invoked, with the result that an edict has been issued by the College of the Propaganda, at Rome, directing the Bishop of Meatb to inhibit those priests who are keeping the flame of Parnellism alive. At the time wheu the Irish people turned upon AJr. Parnell, after the O'Shea affair, it was felt by many of their English frieijds that, considering the great services he had rendered to Ireland, he had been treated with adegreeoi harrhuecs at once unnecessary aud ungrateful. The uncompromising altitude of the Irish Church aud ) eop'.e in regard to marital offences, had to be taken into consideration, however, and when added to thi.-, we know that the late Mr P rnell was foolish and weak enough to deliberately lie to Archbishop Walsh, Mr Michael Davitt, and other of his ttaauchest supporters, it can readily Le understood that for sensible English Liberals to longer support him became impossible. The Irish, however, are nothing if not chivalric, and it was therefore not a matter of wonder when it was found that a number of them were determined to stand by their exleader at all hazards. In the case of almost any other nation this feeling would have ceased with the death of ilie originator of the dissension, but the little faction led by the Redmonds, stood by Parnell's ghost as they had stood by the man himself ; and thus for the sake of a dead and lost cause, the following of a mere idea, the unintentional author of which is lying in his grave, the Irish camp has been split into fragments, each endowed with a ghool-libe life, and fighting bitterly one against the other. Without going into the merits or demerits of Home Rule itself —a matter of heated controversy happily far removed from our immediate ken—it must be admitted that the controversy has been fraught with the very worst results to Ireland, l^ot alone has it placed Irish autonomy ontside the scope of practical politics, but by dividing the voice of Ireland and reducing it to a clamorous Babel of recrimination it has deferred even those reforms concerning which there is no dispute, and which even the English Conservatives were willing to grant In addition, th se wrangles in the ranks of the Irish leaders has given an opportunity for that most deadly and daugerwiis of agitations — mohrn Feniauism—to uprear its head. It would le difficult indeed to conceive of anything more likrly to be destructive to Irish hopes than such conspiracies as those recently unearthed, and the fact that such murderous creatuios as Tynan and his comrades can once more lay th ir nefarious plots is distinctly traceable to the causes we have named. Englishmen, as a rule, do ne t greatly relish tbe idea of a foreign potentate, evdi though his powers be spiritual, interfering in their internal affair^ but in Ireland, wliirh for the most part, has always been loyal to the Roman Church, the position is very different. There the Pope, and the Churci> he represents and presides over is the one great moral factor ; and it iV probable that the interferei ce of the Papacy will be welcomed by the majority of Irishmen. It is earnestly to be hoped, for the sake of law aiid order in Ireland, that the intervention of the Vatican will prove effective. An uuited Irish Party may mean a little extra trouble at Westminster, but it certainly destroys the chances of the dynauiitard to extort money from his credulous and hot-headed compatriots ; aud if the nnited efforts now being made by the various congresses of Irishmen, and the Irish Press, backed up by the overwhelming power of the Papal Chair, should bring about a reconciliation between the contending factions, by none should it be nrore heartily welcomed than by Englishmen, who prefer constitutional methods to the awful and dead'y designs of lalcer-day Fenianism. In our opinion, the death of Redmoudfsm is the downfall of dynamite, and that the united efforts of the Church, the men who really constitute the Irish State, their compatriots from abroad now at home on an errand of peace, and the unanimous voice of the Irish Press, should utterly fail o p their common object is to us inconceivable. THE BAYLEY MEMORIAL. WE are pleased to observe that definite steps are being taken to perpetuate the memory of Arthur Bayley, the discoverer of Coolgardie, in a befitting mantier. The proceedings in this connection have, so far, been characterised by a peculiar appropriateness. The pioneers of '92 have taken the matter up, holding their first meeting at the pioneer hotel (Faahan's), have selected the pioneer publisher as their treasurer, and made the office of the pioneer newspaper of the Westralian goldfield6 the place for the rece'pt of subscriptions. If ever there was a man who thoroughly deserved to have a memorial erected to him, that man is the late Arthur Bayley. To his pluck and enterprise we owe the wocderful strides which Western Australia has m de of late years, which have raised her from a position of isolation and insignificance to one of commanding importance. The hundreds who have acquired a competency owing to their success on these fields indirectly owe their pros erity to the late Mr Bayley ; while the thousands who have been lifted out of tbe slough of despond and poverty into which they had fallen in the Eastern colonies owe the improvement in their position to the daring m nifested by Bayley and Ford in penetrating the hitherto untrodden wilds where Coolgardie now stands. Places so far distant as Perth and Fremantle, to say little of Esperance, have shared greatly in the general benefit. Fremantle has been raised from a fishing village to a sea-port of the first importance. Perth has risen from an out of the way country town to an important metropolis, while Esperance and most of the goldfields' towns owe their very existence to the exploratory work and the courage displayed by this successful adventurer. The movement to erect a statue to hi6 memory is, therefore, one of national importan e, and should be enthusiastically taken up all over the colony. Bayley was not only the pioneer of Coolgardie, but was also one of the pioneers of Pilbarra. Ashburton, and the Murchison ; and we look to see the movement inaugurated at Faahan's, on Tuesday night, spread to all the northern centres, so that whatever may be done in connection with immortalizing Arthur Bayley may partake of a distinctively national character. In this instance, as in every other, where it is proposed to single any particular individual out for distinction, whether it be an honor in life, or a commemoration after death, there will be found carping critics, who will point out the smaller defects of a man's character—quick to see the mote in a brother's eye. while blind to the beam in their own. These hypercritical and hypocritical gentry, who are so fend of throwing stones, generally dwell in shaky conservatories themselves, and make a compromise with conscience by the old process of— i { Conpounding sins they feel inclined to. By damning those they have no mind to." It is really astounding what an immense amount of loose conscience there is lying around when people are appealed to for subscriptions, votes, or other favors, which never manifests itself at other times, and does not prevent its owners from lying, cheating, 6crip-swindling, and land grabbing, to their own and the devils content. Whatever faults Bayley had—and he was not a perfect hero, any more than any other man - his hands and his soul were clean, and he has never been accused of doing a dirty action, forgetting a mate, or even those strangers who were less fortunate than himself. Jn the brief span of his life he did more real hone t pioneering and exp oratory work than any other man we know of, and we have yet to see the prospector who better deserves the honor of having the first statue in Western Australia erected to his memory. We earnestly hope that the matter will be taken up heartily, and that our people will show themselves grateful to the man to whom, above ail others, they owe their material prosperity. 