S THE LT The Iystery of the lnn; OR, THE DISCO8VERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREAaIIERY, CBRIME, AND REMORSE. :CoIAPTER XVIII.-(CoT ,,u.) ·oo ceo not proceed,' e aomurmured. "Pardon me,' said I; and assuming a nonchalnuce : nsa far from feeling, I commenced again. I hlad played swith her':'fears. .1 would play weithl them further. I would see how much she could bear. Iresumed: "Years ago, When I was younger and had been' mistress of this place but a short time, there entered these doors, one evenifig at nighltfall, a young couple. Did you speak, madame I Excuse me, it was your daughter, thoil" . '"Yes," chlimedtheo latter, coning for ward and. taking her staistd by the meother; greatly tO' tihe delight of the' gentlemen present, whlo nasked for .no thing better thlan an opportunity to ease upon her modest but exquisitoe face. "Yes, it was I. I am interested, that is all." I begain to hlate my role, lut went on stolidly.__ S"They wero a hanedsde pair, and I felt an interest in tliem at once. But thia interest inmeasurably hleightened lwhen the young man, almost before the door hlad closed upon them, drew me apart and said: " ' Madam, we are an unhaplly souple. We have been married just four boursr.' " Here I paunsed for breath, and to tube a good look at madamee. She was fixed as a stone, but her eyes were buining. Evidently slhe expected the relation of a story whichl she ke:ew. I would disappoint hler. I would cause in her first a shock of relief, alid then I would re-awaken her fears and probe her very soul.. Slowly, and as, if it were a matter of course, I proceeded to say: "It was a run-awav match, and as the young husband remnarked, 'a great disap pointmeent to my wife's father, who is an English general and a great man. My wife losi'es me, and will never allor her self to be torn from mne; iutlshq is not of age, and her father is lut a few minutes' ride behind us. Will you let us come in? We dare not risk' the en counter on the road; he would shoot me down like a deg, and that would kill my yoeng wife. If we sce hlim here, he may take pity on our love, and-' Slie leeded to sany no more. Mey owei eolmpassion lhad bees excited, as muclh Iy her countenanca as by Ins words, and I threw open the doors of this very room. '" Go in,' said I, ' L lave a woman's heart, and cannot bear to see young people in distress. When the general c'~oTe shall hear him,' cried tlhe girl; 'he lhas half-a-dozen horsemen witlh him. We saw them whari they were on the browse- the hill".' .. "'Take comfort,: then,' I cried, as I closed the door and went to see after the solitary horso'ewhichhled brought them. "But before I could provideu the meal wiih eihichl I meanist to strengthen them for the scene that must presently ensue, I. heard thle anticipated clattering of hoofs, and simultaneonsly with it, the unclosing of this door, acd thie cry of the young wife to her IutLeed : " 'I cannot bearit. At his first words Ishould fall in a faint; and hlow could I resist him tlon sl No, let ine fly; let me hide myself; and when he comes in, swear that you are alone; that you brocught no bride:; that she left you at the altar-anything to bnffle hisS rage and give us time.' ' "And the young thineg sprang out bo fore me, and liftng lher Ilnds, prn?i-yed with great, wide-open eyes that I would assist the lie, and swear to her father, wheoi ireea?nein; tihat her 'lhusband had ridden up alone. "I was not as old then is I am now, I say, and I was very 'tender towards youthful loverm. Tleogh I thought the scheme'a wild one and totally impracti cable, she so governed mne by her looks and tones that I promised to do what she asked, saying, however, that iLelosleid herselfshe must do it well, for if she were found my reputation for reliability would be ruined. And standing there where you see that jog in the wall, she promised, and giving just one 'look of love to her companion, who.stood rrtite but fienr on the threshlold, she sped from our sight down the hall. :" A moment later the general's foot was where hers hadbeen,audthe general's roice wds filling the hIouse, asking for his bter. 'You lave been pleased to thleik she was withl me all these mniles, but you will not find her. You can search ift. you please. I have nothing to say agalnst that. But it will be time wasted.' " 'We will see about that.' The girl is here, is she notI' the father asked, turn ing to me. 'No,' was my firm reply; 'she: s not.' " I do not knoeirehow I managed tlIe lie, but I did. Something in the youn~g man's aspect lhad nerved me. I ,beigan 'to thinik shle would not be found, tlhotih I could see no good reaison' for tlhis con clusion. " 'Scatter I' le now snouted to;hlis fol lowers. ' S:arch tiee oiuao well. Dee cctc leave ca nook or craleny unpenetrated. 1 eam not General B for notlinen." And turnileg 'o me,m lie added:' You have broughlt this oC yoerself by a lie. saw my daughtler in tilies felloi's arms they passed over :thea ridge' of the hill. Ste is here, and:in half an: hour will be C Uut tile clerk on the staircase struck not onlyt!Itho healf-lhour, betit tbe hoeur, and yet. tleough esvery roome:and corridor, the cellaranid .the garrot, wero searchled, no token was foundel of theo young wife's pre eenee. -.· :.., -· ,, - Meanwhile tle husband stood like a statuoi on the threshold, waiting withl what seemed to me a strange certi tude, for the return of the father and his fruitless scarch. " 'IInas he escaped from one of the windows T' I asked, moving myself to a streane curiosity. "tlie looked at me, but made no oceswer. " 'It is dark; it is late. If the general chooses to remain hero to-night-l-- -'He wiill not find her,' was the reply. " I was frightened-I know not why, but I was frightened. The younag mnac hlad a supernatural air. I began to think of demon lovers, and was glad when the general finally appeared, storming and raving. " 'It h a eonapreoy r' wap his cry. 'T You are all :in league to deCeivd mro. Where is my daulhter, Ira.' Treinid I ask you becanse you have a character to lose.' "'It is impossible for me to tell you,' was my reply. ' If h se was.to be foiid in my house, you muht have found her. As you have not, there is but one con clusion to dra?w. She is Hot iithinthese walls.' ,.: .i . • i''l; "'Sho is not outside of them. I sot. watch'ini the beginning, at the ios corners of the house. None of my men have seen so much as the flutter of her dress.: She is herd, I say, and I ask you togivoe herup.' - .. "'This I am perfectly willing to do,' I' rejoined, . but I do not know where to ind lher. Let that bet once b done, and I shall not stand'in the waiy of your rights.' "'Very well,' he cried. I will not search further :to-night ;, but to morroW.-. "A' meaning gestuie finished lhis seritence; he turned to the young mane. , 'As for you, yourwill remain here. U;lpleasant as it miny-lbe for us bith, we will keep each other's company till morning. I do hot insisot upon convcrsa tion.' " And without.v waiting for a reply, the stsrdy old soldier took:uip his station in' the doorway, by which actionhe not only shut the young man in, but gave himself a positioi Of vantage fireom which he could ;sirvey the main hall and the most promi iient passages. "The rest were under charge.of his foil.owsr, whoim he had stationed all throughl thloie.hcuse, just as if it were in a state of .'seleg. Ope guardesd the east door anid another the west, aind on'each Iaidiing of tihe staircase a sentinel stood, silent but alert; liko a pair of living statues.' " I did not sloop that night; the mys tery:of thce whole affair woul.d have kept mlce awake even if my indignation had let ce rest. I sat in the kitchen with my girls, and when the morning came I cinied the general again with offers of a breakfast. " But he would eat nothing till he had gone through the house again " nor would he rat here at a!l." Thes general's second search ended as vainlly as his first, and he' was by thii time so wroth, not only at the failure to recoverhis child, but at tlhe loss shich his dignity had suffered by this failure, that hie lhad no sooner reachcd this spot, and found thei young husband still standing where he had:left him, ithan with a smothered execriation, levelled not only at him, but the whole house, he strod oult throuhl the doorway, and find ing Ilis hIorse ready saddled in'front, miunted and rode away, followed by all his troop. "i And now comes the strangest part of the tale. " IIe was no sooner gone, and the dust .ro:n his hlorse's hoofo'lostin tihe distance, than I Iurned to the young husband and cried: ,. . : " And now where in she ?. Lot us lhave her here at once. She must be hungry, and she must be cold. Bring her, miy good sir. "'I do not know where she is. We must be patient. She will retuin herself as soon as she thinks it safe.' " I could not belive-imyj-aors - "'You do not know where she is ?' I repeated. ' How could you be' so'self possessed through all these hours, and all this mnddened' searching, if you did not know she was safe?' "'I di know shlce was safe. She swore to me before shIe set foot upon your door step that sile could hide herself ii. these walls that no one could ever find her till she chose to reveal herself; and I be lieved hler, and felt secure.' ,'"I did not know what to say. " 'Bt shs is a stranger,' I muir Inurea. '.What does she know.about my house I' ""'Sle is a stranger, to you,' leerc torted, ' but she may not be a stranger to thIe cuse. How long haess you'lived here 1' "I could not say long. It was at thei most but a year, so I merely shook sy head,. but I felt strangely non plcsseL_ . .. "This feeling, however, son gave wny :oone much more serious as tihe monionts fled by and presently the hlour, and 'she idid not come., Weslried to curb our'imci patience, tried to believo that her delay was only owing to extra caution; but as morning waxed to noon, alarm took the place of satisfaction in our. breasts, and we began to search the louse ourselves, calling hler nose ,sp. and down. the :halls and throug-i thie empty rooms, till it seemed as if the very walls 'must open and re:cal us the 'being 'so frintically desired. ' "' She is not in tihe house,' I now as. serted to the almost frvenzied bridegroom. '-Our lies have cms back upon our heads, and it is in the river womustlook for ?ier.' "BuSt he would riot agree witl me is this, and repeated agin and again: * "'She said she would hide here. She would not' deceive ime, nor would' slie have rsought death alone. Leave- me to look for hler another hour. I must, I can, I will find her yet ' "But he never did.. After thlat last fnd- look with' whiclssheouanted downa that verfy hall you see before you, we siaw herno moro; and if my house owns no ghost and-never-echoes to theesound of a banshee's inieaning, it is not because it doeas not o?vn" a mystery, whiclh is cor tailhy thrilling enough togive is either." .:-!' Oh I" cried out several voices, as I ceased," is that all 1 And what became of the poor bridegroom ? And did the father over come back? And haven't you ever really found out where the poor thing went to? And do you think she I died 1" Forreply I rose. I had never taken my eye off madame, and the strain upon us both lhad been terrible; but 1 lt imy glance wander now, and smiling genially into thie sager faces which had crowded around me, I remarked: "I never? spoil.a good story by too many explanations. You have heard all you wil from me to-night. So do not question me further. Am I not right, I mradamel ? .. " Perfectly," came m her even tones. "And I am sure we are all very much obliged to you.ll" I bowed aud slipped away into the back-ground. 1 was worn out. An hour Inter I was passing through the hall above on my way to my own room. As I passed madame's door, 1 esW it open, and before I had taken three steps _away I felt her soft hand on my " Ycur pardoln, Mrs. Truer," were hler woreds: "buhlt rany dauglter has been pecularly allected by the story you ro lated to us below. She says it is worse than any gihot story, and that she can. not rid hersel of the picture of the young wife flitting out of sight down the hall. I am really afraid it has produced a very bad effect upon her, and that sho will not sleep. .Is Ri-waasit a ,true st~rya Mrs. Trax ax or were you- ierel- - weaving fancies out of a too falnciful brai in" : :I -smiled, for she was smiling, and shook my head, looking directly into lier eyes. .: . . Youri daughter need not lose her sleep," I said, "' on account of any story of nine. I saw they wanted solnething blood-curdliig; so I made up a tale to please them. It was all imagination, madame; all imagination. I should not have told it if it had been otherwise. : I think too much of my house." S"And you had nothing to found it upon ? 'Just drew upon your fnicy ?" I smiled. Her light tone did not de ceive me'ai to the anxiety underlying all this; but it was not in my plan to betray my poweis'of penetration: : I priferred that she should think me her dupe.i ' '" " ," I returned, as ingenuously as if I had never had- a suspicious thought, "1 do not find it diffici?lt tI ieave a tale. Of course, such it story could not be true. Why, I should be' afraid tW stay in the inn myself if it were.. I could never abide anything mysterious. Everything with me must be.as open as the day." '",And with' me," she laughed; but th'ere ni as falsd note in her m*irth, though I did notappear to notice it. " did not'suppose the story was'real, but I thought you must have had some old tra dition to found it upon; some old wife's tale or some secret history which is a.part and parcel of the house, and came to you with it." But I shook, my head, still smiling, idd answered, quite at my ease: ' . ""No old wife's tale that I have ever heard amounts to much. JI can make up a better story any day than those which come down with a house like this. .It was all the woik of my imnigin'stion, I as sure you. I tried to please thciii, and I hope I did it." ' Her face changed at once. ' It wansas if a black veil had been drawn away from it. " My daughter will be so relieved,"she affirmed. "I don't mind asch -lngub ious tales myself,:bnt she is young and sta.i tive, and so tender-hearted;.: I am surf I thank you, Mrs. Truax, for our conal deration, and beg leave to wish you v good-night." . ... .. I returned her civility, and we passel into bur'several rooims. ' Would I ci:.lld know with what thoughts, 'for:ny own were as much a mystery to mei as were herr'. ' . . . . O. OBER 9,1791. Madame never addresses her daughter by her first name. Consequently we do not know it. This is a matter of surprise 'to the whole house, ar.d many are the conjectures uttered by the young mnei as to what it can be. . I have no especial .curiosity about it-I would much 'rather know the mother's-and yet I frequently wonder ; for it seems unnatural for a mother always to address heir child as Mademoiselle. ' : '' Is she her mother? I sometimes think she is not. If the interest in the oak pallor is what I think it is, then she can not be, for what mother wouldaIhIto_ _ bring peril to her child ? • And peril lies at the bottom of all interest there'; peril to the helpless, the trusting and the ig norant-.-:But is she-as-interested-there aso I thought her I have observed nothing 'lately to assure me of it.. Perhaps, after all, I have been mistaken.' CHAPTER XIX. LWT e HBALLS AT MIDNIGHT. OCToCEI. 10, 1791. I was not mistaken. Madame is not only.interested.in, but has serious de signs upon the oak parlor... Not content witl roamtiig up and ddwn the hallway leading to it, she was' dete'ted yesterday morniig trying to open' its door,': aid when politely questioned as to what she was seeking, ansivered that she was look ing for the sitting-room, which, by the vnay, ison the other side of the house. And this is not all. As I lay in smy bed last night, resting as only a weary woman can' rest, I heard a light'tap at my.door. Rising, 'Iopened it,-dnd- wasastonislheel_ -to see standing before me the light figure of mademoiselle. '"Excuse .me for troubling you," said sho,.:in' her 'pure English--they both speak. good English, though with a foreign accent-" I am sorry to wake you, but I am. so anxious about my mother. She went to bed with me, and we fell fast asleep; but when I woke a little'while ago she was missing, and though I have waited for her a long time, she does -nq? return. ' Iat not well, and easily fright tened I 0, lhow cold it is.", I drew her 'in, wrapped a .shawl about'her, and led her back to her room; ": Your mother will return speedily,",I promised. " Doubtless hle felt restless, and is taking a turn or two up anid down the hall." "Perhaps i for her dressing-gown and alippers are gdne. But slhe never did any' thing like this before, and in a strange house-" A slight trembling stopped the young lady. from continuing. . i : SUrging her to.get into bed,, I spoke one or two further words of a comforting na ture, at which the lovely irl seemed'to forget' her pride, fEr she threw her arms aboutmy sieck ith ii low sigh, and pushing me softly firon her; observd : "You ari~ a kind woman; you'nake me feel happier'rhenover you speak to me" Touched, I made some loving reply, and withdrew. I longed to linger, longed to tell her how truly I was her friend ; but I feared the mother's return-feared to miss the knowledge of madame's whereabouts, which my secret suspicion made important; so I subdued my feel ings and hastened quickly to my room, where I wrapped myself in a long, dark cloak. Thus equipped, I stole back agaiu to the hall, andil gliding witli as noiseless a step as possible, found my way to the back stairs, doiwn whiclh I crept, holding my hreatlh, and listening intently. To many who read these words, the situation of those hack stairs is well known; but thlere may be others who will not understand that they lead directly, after a couple of turns, to that - - hall upon which opens the oak parlor. Five steps from the lower floor there is a landing, and upon this landing there is a tall Dutch clock, so placed as to offer a very good hiding-place behind it to anyone anxious to gaze unobserved down the hbll, But to reach the clock one has to pass a window, and as this looks south, and was upon this night open to the moonlight, I felt that the situation demanded circumspection. TO BE COSTItUED, Never show impatience. Always defend the absent as far as truth will admit. Knowledge of oun'datige in the most asse. ful part of philosophy. Prejudice, which seems what it pleuse, .*·nnot see what isplais, 1rinted and published by the Propdetors, KAo & TeoY'so, at thelir Ofce, 168 and 170 Qeeenaberrnystreet, North Melboune. 