The Withering of a Rose, . complete ix three instalments BT .. .. . ...j . JtfARIB CORiEILDI, : Author or "Tho Sorrows of Satan," "Eimlbbnn A Dream of tlio World's Tragedy," Tho Sung of Milium, " A-o. .ail ouesnsmnd atoms iuanttrisij. . CHAPTER II (Cenliiiiied.) And slio lnughed, a tritlo latterly. " It must, be ratlior duU at times," ho said, studying lior chimgod fane attentively.. " Yen sliould got smiiu friends to enino and Btuv wltli you— a folly house party." . " Oh, Sir. AUingliuni would never hear of, ouch a tiling." slio said, quickly., , " He oan-; nut hour to havo it number uf pcuplo abuiit liim. My hiotlior onmu down for a abort timo iu Septombor, but she declared tho house wtia damp and gavo her rlioiiinntism. Sho woilt. back to London after about a week, nud thou I fell ill." " What -was tlio matter with you?" lio asked sympathetically. Sho shrugged her shoulders. - .... "All sorts of tilings— fainting fits, weak ness, nerves — distigreoableiiess generally. Hero is Harold." She broke off lior conversation with Fiuio directly hor husband ontered tlio room, and scoinud to sbrink into herself liko u sensitive plant too roughly handled. Allinirhum him self was the same as over— irreproachable in dress, domouuour, and what is understood by n portion of society us "gontloinimlinosH." He groetod Funo with exactly tlio correctly measured ail- of cordiality— nimioly. that of tho wealthy host end encouraging patron — and it was an air that galled tlio young artist'u pride considerably, though lie was care ful for Sirs. Allingliam's peneo and comfort, to show no offenco. Ho certainly could not complain of liis entertainment. Ho had a suite of rooms to liimsolf, and perfect liliorty of action ; ho hrcnkfnstcd, lunched, and dined at a tublo appointed with - tlio costliest luxuries ; a ourriugo was at his disposal whonevor lio licodod it ; und Mr. Allingluim lind, furthermore, givou him the choice of any liorso iu his stables, should ho euro for riding. Ho lind engaged to make two dozen sketches of Dunseombo Hall from all tho different points of view, and when onco lie began liis wouk lio became almost, entirely engrossed in it. Tlio place was undoubtedly a title object for any artist's study— its architecture wub well nigh perfect, and all tlio surroundings were cminontly picturesque though indubit ably of a solitary and melancholy character. He'did not seo as muoh of Mrs. AUiiighum as ho could liavo wished ; she was often idling, and though sho invariably exerted herself to appenr at dinnor, there were times when sho was not equal even to tho effort, and her bus- bund, seated in solitary state nl'liis glittering board, would rauko formal excuses for licr absence. My wife is very young," ho would ex plain, ponderously, "mid is therefore inclined to give way to uuy trifling ailment. Tlio ductor assures mo sho is suffering merely from u littlo wunt of tone, nnd tho autumnal air depresses hor ; there is nothing ut all serious tho mutter." " Sha looks cxtreinoly ill," ssid'Fnne, im pulsively. "You think sof" und Mr. Allingluim trailed indulgontly. " I oxpnot you are not necistomed to tlio ways of women ; tlioy put their looks on and off as cusily as their gownH. In lior present norrous condition of health it quite doponds on Mrs. Allingliam's own ' humour us to whctlior she looks well or ill— it has nothing to do with any aoluaUy real organic mischief. . i 1 . Fimo swallowed a glass of wino hastily to kcop down tho angry remark tluit rose to liis lips, for tho sold callousness of liis host was almost more than ho could benr. Rolleoting quickly, however, that it was not hia busi ness to interfcro, und tliut tho loss ho said tho bettor for Mrs. Allingham, ho was silont. "You havo not tried your hand yot at tho Haunted More?" inquired Mr. Alling luim. presently. "No. I — or— tho fact is — I havo not yet hail time to go and look ut it." "True — you lmvo been vory much occupied with tlio house itself," and Mr. Allingluim nodded approvingly, " and your work is admirable— quite admirable! But I sliould suggest your visiting tlio more before the foliage quito falls, I funcy you will find it woll worth your study." " I will go to-morrow," said Fano. And ou tlio morrow lio went. He started early in tlio morning, ono of tho gardonors directing liim ns to whioh path to follow. "When lio oamo in full sight of the glittering shoot of water ho could scarcely refrain from uttering u cry of rapture, it was so niysticully beautiful ; tho deep solitudo surrounding it was so intonso and unbroken, thut ho no longer woudored at t.lic reputation it had on being haunted. Grand old willow trees, wlt.li 'gnarled- trunks and knotty steins bout above its glassy surface, and ' beyond it in tlio distanoo tho land rolled awuy in gontlo undulations of groou mid brown, relieved here uud there with a clump of stately elms, or a tangle of bright yellow furze. Tlio place was so still that not oven tlie twitter of a bird broke tlio breathless culm — anil, powerfully impressed by tlio whole scono, Fano took a rapid pencil sketch ill outline to begin with, liis ultimate i tontion being to limka n large piot ure of it, with u view to exhibition in one' of tlio London galleries. Returning rapidly to the lioitHO, to finish what he laid com menced tho previous day, ho met Mrs. Ailing- ham walking slowly to anil fro on tho terrace. ' Huvo you been to tho ' Haunted Merc f ' " she asked, smiling. For a lnomont ho could not. speak. The pathos of her young face, tlie fatigue uf her soft eyes, the listless qxpressieii' of ,hcr vSry figure, till this wont to his lioiirt,' lind' made liim- pity hor ns lie had never pitied any woman. Ho folt hor to bo no more tliini a little tired out oliild— a child, longing to lio tnkou up in tender arms, and goiitly carried home. Thoro was a slight tremble in liis voico, as ho answered with uu effort of play fulness — "Yes, I have seen tho More, biit not the ghost. Do you know, Mrs. 'Allingham, I egiu to tliink you must lie tho ghost— you . look liko one this morning f" " Do I ? I'm sorry. I hate to ho ill — my huBhnnd doesn't like it. I wish I could got trong mare quickly." " Are you fooling worse then, to-day P" asked Fane, with a tuuoli of ronl anxiety in his tone, whioli made, her look ut him in grateful wondot-, "Oh, no," slio said, "I am only.a little rundown,' as tho doctor aayB, and wonk. Harold deolnros it is nil womun'a nonsonso, mid thinks I don't oxcrt mysolf to get well ; but indeed I do. It is very kind of yon to tako so muoh interest " 41 Kind ! " cohood Fane, almost irritably ; tlion, looking ubout him to raiiko sure there was no one in sight, ho appronohed hor more closely. "Look lioro, Mrs. Allingluim, do forgive mo if I seem officious or impdrtinoiit, but I oim't liolp asking you tliis one quostiou— nre you quito happy P " Slio glanced up tit liim utmost nffrightedly, anil mooting his friendly oyes hor own filled with Buddon tears. " No, I nm hot," sho faltered. "But it is wicked of mo to say so, because you soo it' is quite my own fault. I ought to bo huppy — I havo everything I want." " Exoopt— lovo ! " said Faiio in 'a' linlf- wliisper, struggling mentally with tlio iiisiino desire thut had suddonly eoizod him, to tako this pnlo littlo bliild-womnn in liis arms, and show hor whnt'tho tenderness of love could bo. She looked ut liim almost ronronnlifully. " I think yoif mlfltako," she suid gently, with a ouriously sad, little, old-world uirof dignity; " Harold loves mo very much in — his own way. Ho is not of a demonstrative nature." Funo wns. silont. Presently she resumed In , Ike «nmb gohtlo accents, ."It Is not' his fault, indeed, it is "lay's fault that I do 'not feel as happy, us I might to do. It is something In my own. temperament. I fancy that perhaps I am loo - young to ho', married ; not in yeara J moan, hut in fooling mid education. You see, being quite email and light, as I am. I Jiavo always bcoh treated us more or lea's of a oliild; Even- ivhoiV 1 cuiiio . homo! from being prosonl i,<' .it' the Queen's drawing-room, imd fhi ii ted iv all in a heap on tlio sjiiirs,.my . LVjtiter aUfldJlM » re- member what I. told. you at the GatsohP — liow I had always imagined that matricd women must be big and fat, und important P Woll, rcnlly thoy are, as n rnlo, and I am so different ! All the mnrried ladies ill this neighbourhood, for instance, look upon mo as quite »n absurdity." Then they nre very impudont and ..ill-, broil.'" said Fane, hotly. " Oh, no, thoy'ro not," and She laughed a little. " Thoy coins mid call on regular days, nnd usk ino if I um equal to tlio management ofHiiolialargoliouKo; Dolnotfiudtlioservaiitsa great trial ? Have I a strong constitution P Olio ludy always surveys me mournfully through her pince-nez, and says, Yon are vory young to liuve secured suoli u magnifi cent establishment.' And thut is quite truo I Dunseombo Hall is magnificent— don't you , think so?" Thoy paused on the terrace just nt it point wliiuli faced tlio oxtenslvb left wing of the grand old pile. Curved esoutcliouuH, flying buttresses and heraldic devices wore all thrown up into sharp . prominence . by tlio mellow ni.vs of the autumnal, noonday . sua, and immediately opposite thorn was. "tho . Bciilplured figure of a warriiir-saint in a Gothic nielli.1, festooned with clambering wild roses, whose delicate blossoms surrounded n ml solicited tho statute's frigid tispcet of frozen prayer. Fano shivorcd slightly. " Yes," ho said in a tone of one who makes reluctant admis sion, "It is a fino old plaoo. But its charac ter is ; distinctly liielmielfoly. . It is liot a Bcalhovcn Sonata, ' or a Mendelssohn Lied! — it is mio of Ghopia's most. mournful. Nocturnes.'" Rose Allingluim puva him a quick glance of perfect comprehension, but, said nothing in reply. Moving in her light, bird-like way iicrasii tlie torruco, slio gatliored ono of tlio roses that hung near the stntiio . in tlio niolio and gavo it to him. Ho had scarcely taken it from lior befin-e its leaves foil in a white fragrant sbowcr ut his feet. Sho sinilod a littlo forcedly. " I was Ht'raid of that," sho said. " Tlioy nro nil on the very point of falling. I will not give you another from that troo. This nfteriinoii— or to-morrow — I will gut yuu ono from (lie t-osei-y ; tliey aro in butter condition there. Now I must not dotain you from your work any longer ; yuu want all thu daylight possible. Havo you got this old stone suiut in any of your sketehes yot P' "Not yet," lie answered, abstrtlotedly, lonkiim first ut her and thun at tho petals of the fallen rose. 'Oh, I liupe you will put him in somn- wlioro;" she exclaimed, almost playfully. ' 1 Ho is stieli a dear old thing ! You seem quite melancholy over thut wasted rose." " I am," lie admitted. " I hato to soo any beautiful thing perish." 41 But then so many beautiful tilings do poriHli," slio said, with u luusing regret in lior eyes. " One must get ncoustomod to that. You reoullcot your picture of the grout pino-trco on the Gutsoh split through by lightning? That suggested to me the ruin of a noble lifo. Well, all these littlo whito ruses that fall so eusily ut a touoh, thoy tiro to me tho emblems of just suoli a numbor of littlo lives ; quite littlo lives, you know, of no iiatual use to anybody; only just pretty and fragrant and harmless, tluit at u rough tonoh or hasty inisandarstanding drop to pieces, and sink into tho ground unnoticed and itnraissed. I boliovo ouch littlo rose has its own little scorot sadness." Sho smiled and waved lior hand to him, und she moved awny slowly and re-entered tho house. When she was quite out of sight Fane, moved by some odd sentiment wliiuli lie could not himself analyse, picked up ovory ono uf the fallen rosopetals and put them in liis poekot book. Then lie sot ubout skotoking tho nuoient soulptured saint, whilo tho sun was still bright on its woatlior beaten features and piously folded hands. Tlio next day was the first of November, tho Fcust uf All Suints. Tlio woatlior was beautifully clear and wnrm, nnd Fatio went out early, without oven seeing his host, .and putron ns usual, in order to profit by tho4 clearness of the atmosphere and got a long' day's Htcady work. When ho returned in time for tho lato dinnor be heard that Mrs. Allingham had boon seized with a succession of fainting fits, and that tho doctor lind been sent for. Greatly disconcerted by this news ho ontered the dining-room fall of cngor and sympathetic inquiries, but found Ills host so bland and aulm, and so perfootly- satisfied that there was no canso whatever tor anXietv as to his young wife's condition, thut ho -feft it would be deemed odd and out of place if he, as a visiter and 44 jiaid artist," liud ex hibited any unduly great concern. 44 It is mere weukness und nervous prostra tion," said Mr. Allingham, drinking his olinnipngiio with relish as ho spoke, "and in thoso cases fainting fits are a relief rather than a danger. I am sorry Rose lias allowed herself to run down in this way. I am afmhb if, will necessitate my going with lior to the seaside for a short timo. It would ho par ticularly inconvenient to mo just now— hut if it must bo done it must." Funo could not speak. Ho gulpod his food and wine down hastily with such a souse of impotent rago as almost ohoked liim. Ho could scarcely hear to look nt the composed, sleok, solf-sulisficd man besido him, attired ns . was liis usual ovotiitig custom in irro- pronclinblo dress-suit-, starohy shirt, and white tie— lie would have likeu to lmnok him down and trample on liim. As soon as dinner was ended, lie left the raum with a muttered hasty oxoiiso about 44 having letters to write," und wont, out in tlio soft, night nil' to smoke by himself and " cool down," as lie in wardly expressed it, for liis feelings were in a perfect tumult. I'ity and anxiety for Mrs. Allingluim, und contempt for hor husband, struggled for tho imistory in his mind ; ami lis walked uu and on through tho grounds, under tho light of n fn'-l moon, not hooding wliora ho was going to iu thoheut of his wrath and oxcitcinont. "I can't stand it!" ho said, hulf nloud, at lust. 44 I'll lcuvo the plaao to-morrow ! I can finish tho sketches at lioma now, I've got enough materiul to go upon. If I stay here any iongor I shall como to fistiouffa with that "cgotisticul prig, or— or— othorwisu nitUco a fool of myself." A sudden shiver ran through liim; und conscious of u certain dampness und unplcn- simt chill in tho nit-, lio stopped abruptly to seo whither lio had come. To liis iimazomont, right in front of liim si retailed tlio 14 Haunted More," glittoring liko polished stool in the silver rays of the moon. Something thoro was in tlio woit-d aspect of tho still water and tlio twisted willows that impressed liim with a senso of awo: nud, ns though u auld linnd had boon laid upon his lionrt, his linger died away into n dull, aching pain. Ho stood liko one hypnotised, staring vaguely at tho mere, disinclined to move, nnd scarcely oupublo of thought. And ns ho romaiuod thus, waiting for lio know nut what, ho suw distinctly a pnlo shadow fall liko tho i-citon- lion of a oloud across tho shining width' of water — a shadow that darkened slowly unci grew, as it wore, palpably into the Bhapo of a small bout with a ourved aud ouriously lumi nous prow; straining hia oyes lio watched, ovory norvo iu his body throbbing with four. Tho I milt began to movo out of shadow into moonlight, and as it moved it allowed its spcotral ouonpiuit— a woman's figure veiled completely iu misty white, that - stood oroot and wavod Its arms bonkonliigly towards tlio turret of Dunseombo Hull. Reaching tlio very mtddlo of tho more, whore tho moonlight sliono brondest und brightest, tho ghostly skiff paUsod on tho water motion- loss. Again und yot again tlio veiled phantom waved its arms nppenlitigly, commnndingly ; then , like a wreuth of mist or smuko, it vanished ! \- Released from tlio terrible tension of his nerves, Funo uttered a loud cry : it ,wus echoed among tlio dark wuods and answered by tlie mournful hooting of owls. All ut once ho remombored the logend— that the ghost of Dunseombo Hall was said only to appear when death threatened some member of tho family. "My God I" he oxolaimcd, " onn It bo possible?" I -, And without wnitlng to think another moment, lie turned and ran, run lie though ho wore running a race for lifo, straight hauk to tho hall. Breathlossly rushing through tho durk antiquated porch, he jostled uguinst a mun coining out. "Mr. Allingham," he began. ' "I am not Mr. Allingham," said tho Btranger, "-I am Dr. Dean." -.:! . 'The dootorP Oil, then;" und he, loaned ,'liaok against a pillar of tho poroli To recover 'breath and equuiiliutty ; "Mre. Allingham is- — 1 ' ; <>Deiid," said the dootor, gently. - ' Tiuc END,' ' .r 