CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST CONFE RENCE AND CAMP MEETING. THE SECOND DAY. Morning devotions in connection with the Seventh Day Adventist camp meeting were conducted on Friday at 6 o'clock in the assembly pavilion. At half-past 9 the mem- <*> bers of the auditing committee met to prepare the financial _ schedules of the Conference and their nnnnni report At 11 o'clock Pastor Farasworthgave a Bible study on "The sealing of the Holy Spirit" After skilfully interweaving numerous pas sages of Scripture touching the nature of the seal and the sealing of Christ, Pastor Farns warth dealt with the Christian's relation to the blessing, and" in a-strong and fervent peroration exhorted every believer present to seek cleansing from every Bin, inas much as God could pat His seal to nothing andean. In the afternoon the Presi dent gave a Bible reading from the first chapter of Epheaians on the "Cooranbong Institute " Bcheme, which greatly pleased and profited the large cumber present. A series "of studies on these very helpful and somewhat novel lines will be given during the camp meeting. The Sabbath was ushered in last evening with a prayer and praise meeting at sunset, st whith Pastor Haakell, who has just am ved from South Africa was welcomed. Pastor Famsworth epoke on the '"Second Coining of Ghost" basing his remarks on?the words:—"lf Igo I wD come mgmm.mni receive yoa-imto-^myEell, tint whew I?? there yejnsy be ?laa* A celebrated 'American pin'aMn i -tad- *ocently aid he v^nld notlwerirprised?irySday to find that Christ had retained to Jerusalem to take charge of the missionary enterprise of the world. That was a growing idea. Some people regarded the several manifestations of the Holy Spirit as the coming of Christ; but the >Holy Ghost had never left the earth. Chrises promise was that he would come again. They did not believe, and had never tanght that God's people knew the day or hour when the Lord would come. The Saviour had said, "When ye see these signs know that the end is oeu." and that was as far as Seventh Day Ad ventists were prepared ?ogo. The object of theoominjrof Christwas to receive his people. The effect of Chrisfe second coming would be to clothe his people with life and immortality. It would seal "h"<?"?yr and determine reward. There could be no farther hope for the wicked, Christ was not going to institute a second missionary epoch; he would come visibly. There would be nothing mystic about the advent, but he-would n&urn; in like manner A3 he went away, in the <Jouds,. and in the pre sence of his peopte^ He would give perpetual youth to his own, and wipe away all tears from their eyes. ? ' 