'Topics ot tile Time. Great bush fires. Great storms in New Zealand. Amber cane as fodder. Singular morta lity among cattle at Tallygaroopna. Great beat in West Australia. Five deaths in Perth. Monday was the hottest day experien ced here this summer, a regular brick fielder blowing from the north all day. A resident at Gooramadda, near the Murray, has been fined by the Customs department for crossing seven cattle over the Murray without paying duty, which will have to be paid in addition to a penalty of £31 10s. The Venezula frontier. Anglo-Ameri esn commission advocated. Turks and Armenians. Further miass acres in Asia Minor. In connection with the Australian Natives' Fdte at the Exhibition Building, Melbourne, special excursion trains at cheap fares will be run. Wife : "Here comes that tramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day." Husband: "Impossible I This must be his ghost." Great Britain now imports over 14,000,000 gallons of wine a year,and to wards this amount the Australian colonies only contribute 400,000 gallons. The Ashantee expedition. Prempeh parleying for peace. Thomas Meredith Sheridan, who was sentenced to death for the murder of Jessie Nicholls, was executed in Darling hurst gaol on Monday morning shortly after 9 o'clock. It now transpires that Jameson's force displayed the most signal gallantry against overwhelming odds during a fight which lasted 36 hours, and that with 400 men let forced his way against 2700 Boers, with all the advantages of position on their side, to within six miles of Johannes burg. The Minister of Mines has received it telegram from the minling registrar a Omene giving details of the yield of gold in that district during the last quarter. The message bears out the high opinion entertained by the Minister and Mr. Murray as to the auriferous wealth around Omen. The output of gold for the quarter was the highest oil record, being 8063 oz. of quartz and 680 oz of alluvial. The All Russian Exhibition to be olpened next year at Nijlini-Novgorod by, the Emperior Nicholas in person- pro bably after the coronation, which is to take place in May next--will be one of the most imposing, comprehensive and instructive affairs of the kind ever held withint the Czar's dutminions. Every facility swiil be accorded to foreign visitors. The gearing of a bicycle represents the diameter of a revolution of the driving wvheel, and multiplied by 3 1-7th gives the distancee travelled with one complete turn of the crank. Thus Pither ont a 92in. gear travels 24ft. with one turn of his pedal, while Zinnllerman on a S8in. gear goes a little less than 18ft. In one mtile Pither's lcgs have to describe the revolution of the crank 220 times, while Zitnmcrtann's have to move 203 times. To keep equal pace with Pither, Zitmmermnr has therefore to pedal one third faster because of the dilferent gears. Fortune Ihas knocked unexpectedly at the door of two servants in Paris. An old lady who called herself Madame Brice hIas lied at her residence, No. 22 Rub Victor ,Masse, where site lived ill luxurious style, lthlough she never receivod any visitors. She was 85 years of age, and an invalid. 1Her two servants, Addle Gintesty and C;atherine Vangelle, had been with her, ionl for 20 years, tie other for 18S years. vWht was their surprise to find, after their mnistress's decease, that she lhad left them her entire fortune, estimated for probate at £24,000 sterling. It is believed that the old lady's real intton was tnot lBrice, ,but she hid taken every possible presau t....t? tt.ws. f.s,,l t n stoe oteta-te r s.+"ao sions which can throw thle least light on the subject. 