A FMOCIOUS LOVE AFFAIR. The letter I picked vjip had been dropped oh a footpath that crosses a portion of Hampstead Heath. It was crumpled and. pocket- worn, and doubl- ed lengthways and tied with a piece of faded blue riband, a very- homely look ing, letter Indeed, and illiterately ad dressed to "Josif — , Little Shum- street, Witechapel." There was no one in sight that might have dropped it, and as tlie envelope was already broken I took the liberty of peeping inside. It was a sheet of note- paper, written , on its four- sides, and while I was unfolding it out dropped a ring, seemingly made to lit a finger, and \- composed of what now was withered grass. This made me the more curious toread the letter, which ran as follows; "Joe, which if I don't call you dear Jae it Is because If I did you mitent be lieve that it was for the last time. You mite have knowed that I wished to break it off, when you . see me at Com mon Garden last Tuseday, and I put my creeses up on his cart 'stead of your barrer, and let: him give me a lift in it on my way home. I purtended not to look your way, but I did, and I see' how cut up you was though It couldn't have took you on a sudden after what I told you. : Oh, Joe, you ain't the only one that's cut up, but. I carnt help It. It Isn't because I like -Bob Clump best. Oh, no, no Joe. But with Reuben in trouble and poor Liza bed-rid, and all theotliers to be fed, and only mother and me and only our creeses to keep "em" on, I don't think I was much to blame for- being purswadid. Though Mr. Clump Is .ever so "much older than what I am, and some call him ugly and give him a bad name, I believe he is a good chap, and he says that mother and none of the children shall want for any thing -if so be- 1 will have him. Taint, llicely as you would like him, more did my brother Rue, but Bob Clump showed how rong that was when, without any body expecting of it, he give the rest of the money we couldn't ma-lce up for the loryer, to try and get Reu off, and nat'rally that makes mother on his side. Course you are lclnd-arted too, and have helped us In many ways, poor Joe, workin' so hard for, what you earn as you have to. There ain't no harm in my loving you for that, Joe, and so I always shall. .But it Is no use of us thinking of one another mor en friendly any more; "-and I have told you truly the reason why. So good by. Joe, and never , no more from yours that was, Susy Parker. P.S.— I have put the ring of grass you made and give me, yu know when,, inside. I daresent keep it any longer. — Good-bye, Joe." I had placed the letter back in the en velope and put In tny pocket, intending to forward it by post to the person to whom it had been originally addressed, when I sa'w approaching from the op posite direction a young man, who, with his head bowed, was glancing left and right as he hurried along. He was decently dressed, and the style of at tire denoted his class. It was a cinna mon-coloured suit with many pockets and a superfluity of buttons, and his shirt-collarless throat was tightly en circled with a neckerchief of spotted silk. Besides these" clues to identity, his face was haggard and anxious look ing; and while he was as yet several yards distant from me I said to myself, "Here comes 'Joslf.'" I was not mistaken. As he was pass ing I looked at him and he at me, and he stopped to inquire, instantly and eagerly., , , , "You don't happen to have . picked up anything, mister?" I never saw a more thankful expres sion on a human countenance than was on his as I produced , the lost letter. "J suppose this is what you are alluding to?" . ' -.. "I" don't know about 'ludln'," he re- , piled, as he almost snatched It from my hand; "I'm jolly grateful to you, that's all I can say about it. You have read it of course?" I nodded. "Jes so. She can't help herself, that's where it Is. She is like tliem little -live birds they put as wittles In the boar-construct ors' cage at the - Slrloglcal Gardens. I ain't not much of a beauty, ..but stand us side by side and the difference be tween us— Lor's truth," and having the contrast in his mind's, eye it put him Into ' such a profuse perspiration that he took off his -soft cloth cap and wiped Ills brow with it. "Had you been ac quainted with her long?" I asked him. "Two year and a bit over," he answer ed. "But it- was not till the strawberry part of last summer- that we became what, you might call engaged regler. Hah! Ed have called even my own fa ther a, liar If at that time — when I give her the- ring, I mean — he had told me it would one day come to this." "Oh, you gave her an engagement ring?" "Yes. Not a gold 'iin; but as good. You've-- read : the letter, governor, so I don't mind telling -you about It. . We was out. Hlghgate way, and 'appy as the birds in the boughs, and I ses to her — well, I don't remember what ez- ackly, and then we had a lot of -seri ous talk, and I plucked a couple o' blades of grass And wove 'em into a i . ring, and put , It on her finger. That's 1 it, In the letter." And a renewal of the ; tightness of his neckerchief accounted for the husldncss of his voice. "With ered and done for, like wot I am,"- say. Naturally,, you feel spiteful to- "And all through this Mr. Clump, you Wards him?"- "As you say! I feel spiteful to'rds him. But it Isn't altogether all on ac- j count of his sneaking In between me i and Susy. .He' did her brother Reu a greater Injury than - he has done me.- 1 Can' I prove it, you aslc? No, I can't. I He did the trick too cunning for any- " body to prove It agin him. But It was his doing as certain as that you and me,- are here walking. . But you. shall judge for yourself if you don't- mind listen- . ing.. ., , | "Susy's brother Reu and me hail been friendly ever since we were boys together, he being a year or two older than I am. He wasn't in the barrer line, but worked. at a timber wharf,' and is as straight-backed and good-looking a chap as his sister Is a gal. Well, he didn't live at home. He lodged in the same, house as this Old Clump, who calls hisself a general dealer, which so lie' Is, straight: or crooked.: But that wasn't no .affair of Reu Parker's, and they- were friendly, Reu sort of pitying him 'because: "he svhS.a humpty, "queer- looking; little. . .beggar. So you may' guess how Rbii felt when," one Avening when tliey ' was having a drink to gether, this, Old. Clump he give him to understand that lie was In'-love with Susy, arid begged - of Reu. -to put in a .good word; for him with helVy Reu; made .sure- that he was jolting, .arid bust out larfln'. 'It would be a gdod thing for Sue,' he says, 'specially If you . bought a carrawan and she took you round the country as a show." Clump he give him a evil "squint, but didn't 'pear as though he was offended. 'I mean what I say, Reuben,' he ses"; 'I've got plenty of money— a few hundreds, J p'raps, more than people think— a'nd.srie should live like- a.lady. Say a good word to. her for me— I know how far.it would go — and I'll make it worth your while.' " 'I tell you this,' ses Reu; . so 'fierce that Old Clump started kack from him, 'if my sister was mad enough to listen to you, I'd hide for you while you was coming up the church ' steps, and I'd pitch you down .'em, hoping. I might break your neck. . Now you, know -what; I mean. -There's no chance, for you' while I'm alive, anyhow.' . Old .Clump grinned at that. ..." .'I was only in fun, Reuben,' he says. 'Why, don't I know that .it is already almost -as good as made up between your sister and Joe Leeson?' Bear in- mind that talk between" hlm: and ; Reu, please governor," Joseph:, remarked parenthetically, at the same time laying a hand 'on my arm, "because it chucks a light on what took place afterwards.". "As I have already told, you, Reuben lodged in the same house iri which Old Clump had apartments— the down stairs rooms, near , the street-door ; which was convenient, on account of the queer-Visitors that very ;0f ten. called on him." ' v ' "What sort of visitors ;were they?" "Why, a crooked sort. Them that had sorriething-' to sell, ' and would rather take arf-price for than explain how they came1 by It. I must tell you . that Reu, though as honest a chap as you would find anywhere, took a glass too much, at times, ahd then lie was nasty t'ords the police, and he had been fined once or twice for cutting up rough with them, So 'course they didn't like" him. One day while Reu was away from home the police came with a warrant to search his room, arid between the. bed' and the rriattrass. what do they find but some silver forks and spoons and a silver fish slice, with initials on 'em, showing that they had been, got at a burglary that had took place about a fortnit previous. So the police went to the wharf where Reu was working, and charged him with the job, , and took him. into custody, and the evidence being against him. he was committed for trial arid then, for the first time, that crafty, wlllin' Clump, he goes and makes his self known to Widder Parker, pitying her, and. tellin' her how sure and cer tain he is that Reu is innocent. How about his being defended, .he wa.nts M>, know, and he is told that the family 'be- ing so poor it is a hard matter, to find the money, and that after scraping to gether all they can, they want at ledst another to pay a 'moutlipleqe to take his case up. And old Clump, he didn't say another word, but he brings, out a fiver, and lays it on. the table, and, squeezing the widder's hand, and Susy's as well, he comes away holding his hanlcyslier to his eyes." . And, exasperated by having Mr. Clump's crowning act of hypocrisy re called to mind, Joseph, .by .way of illus-v tratlng it, snatched off his soft cloth cap again, and affected to mop his op tics with it. - . . "Now what do you think of he asked, as he readjusted his head- e"Well," before I give an opinion," I replied, "I should like to hear how you became convinced that what he did was with crafty Intent." "Oh, that's precious soon told. Reu was convicted, found guilty, and sen- , tenced to three years." . . "In spite," said I, "of all that the counsel employed to defend hiiri could do to show his innocence? If he was innocent, -how. came. the. stolen plate where It was discovered?" -, Mr. Leeson stood still to stare at me. "How!" lie presently exclaimed, "You ask that after what , I've told you? Hav'nt I pointed out that this ere -old , Clump would buy anythinlc that was brought to him, never mind how it was come by? What more likely than that he. bought the plate off the burglars who did the job, and, having got it, what was easier than to have another key to open Reu's bedroom door and plant the spoons and things where they was found?" "But why .should old Clump be guilty of such an act of villainy?" "Why! Oh, lor'." And, judging from- his disgusted tones, Joseph thought very little of my intelligence. ""Why should he? Why, won't It lay in the fust bricks of what he's been building up ever since? Didn't he know that he hadn't got the ghost or a chance with the sister while the brother could prevent It, and wasn't getting him put away for three years the way to put it out of Reu's power to interfere? Wasn't he making believe .to Reu's mo ther that he felt sure that he was: In nocent. and his parting with the £5 all part of a scheme to make them think well of him? And how has it worked round?" And grown dreadfully ' excit ed, Mr. Leeson banged his fist at the palm of his other hand. "After wheedlln' and waitln' he caps the lot, he offers to take eare of the fairiily pro viding Susy consents to he hlssen. And . more shame for her," rand hot tears uenched the fury in his eyes. "She's been and gone and done It. It's werry hard!" "So It Is" said I, consolingly, "but since it Is settled that !' i "Oil. but it isn't settled," he Interrupt ed me, firing up again, "nor it won't be till I've had a go at old Clump. - Don't you make any mistake about that;' "But, really, if I were you," I-should just make quite sure— " - : . "Quite sure o' what?" he asked, fiercely. "Why, that there , are / substantial grounds for your suspicion that " "Oh! \Good evenin'." And, his , long legs admitting of it, he doubled the length of his previous1 strides and left- me; . - . ; 