flifrmw JpOTlb PUBLISHED DAILY. Eohuoa : .Friday, April IV, 1896 JOSEPH OF CANAAN. [ When Mr Walter?, the Sydney Reverend, placed thu Biblical play of " Josoph of Canaan" on the Australian ntr.ge, critics on this aide of tho globo considered it an elovat ing Innovation in the dramatic world. It ran with great suocess at llor Majesty's Theatro, Sydney, and eventually Mr Waltors decidcd to take it to England to be staged. But a recent oablo informs us that Mr George A R. dford, examinor of plays, him refused to grant tho play a licence owing (o tho drama being grounded on Biblical facts. Mr Red ford, by this refusal, has made himself tho laughingstock of tho English speaking world. To rofuse to allow a good, healthy drama like Joseph of Oannan to bo presented on the stage, and to liccnso tho improper and suggestive plays which pasB through his < bands, btamps him us tho tool of it puritanical party of old fogies and hypocrites who aro undermining the common sense judgments for which England hits always been admired. "'Ihr Brndioonian."—This week's issuo of tho " Bendigonian," is rui intoruating number, both the illustrations nnd rending mutter being good. Tho journal is published at tho low price of 3d. The Evangelistic Servioks.—Tho Rev. John MncNoil, B.A., will concludo hia ovangolistio meelings iu tho Temporance Hall this ovening. Tho sorvicb commonoes at 7.30. A Doq's DiIemma.—On Wednesday ovening a small dog got - into, a drain pipo in tho Esplanado, and had, perforce, to remain thero all night, as it could not find its way out. Yesterday several pooplo interested themselves in rescuing the dog, and thoy had to practically cut tho drain open before tho miserable Canine could be released from its unfortunate predioamont. The Income Tax—Monday next, the 20th inst., is the last day for tho payment of the income tax, but the Commissioner of Taxes is anxious that all taxpayers who oan con veniently do so Bhould tendor the amounts marked on their assessment paper before tho last day in order to prevent a rush. It is compulsory for all assessed to pay, notwith standing the fact that they may havo objected to tho amount of their assessement. A Fossilized Mussel—Wo have been Bhown by Constable Turner a body of sand, embedded in which was discovered, at a depth of 20ft. lOin. below tho surface of the earth, a largo fossilized mussel. The mussel is completely petrified, nnd may bo accepted aVan indication that a great deal of strata fias drifted togother in tho course of many years at tho particular locality in which the find was mado, viz., the "Village Settlement. It may bo mentioned that the mussel was discovered on Mr Curry's holding whilst ho was diggiug a well. The Rev Mr MaoN eil.—List ovening the Rev Mr MacNeil continued his evange listic services in tho Temperance Hall to a large attemianqe. Mr MacNeil, it may fairly bo said, has captured tho interest of a large section of the Echuca community, and last ovening those present experienced what tho lecturer himself termed "a healthy time," spiritually, He is an earnest and capable speaker, with a conception of Bible roaming which sheds a now light on many theological subjects. Ho devoted much of his address last night to tho necessity of boing filled with tho Holy Ghost, and said it was tho first coaching of tho New Testa ment. A Strkut Nuisance—Householdersshould bo careful how thoy allow trees which adorn tho edge of their gardens to grow and luxuriate. It is perhaps not generally known I hat tho branches projecting over tho front fence should bo cut out to tho height of eight feoc from the ground ; otherwise they become a nuisance, nnd tho house holder liable to penalties. Alrag the side fences adjoining, land holders oan oompel them to bo trimmed to within tho owner's line of fence. Dnring rainy weathor tho low, overhangiug branches of the popper trees . aro a perfect nuisance through giving passers by an involuntary shower bath. The Consumptive Home—rho Govern ment has offered tho Consumptive Home authorities £100, provided they raiso another £200, for tho purpose of adding to the ac commodation so as to take in eight more patients, or 2i in all. On Tuesday evening next a concert will bo held in Melbourne on behalf of tho Homo, and it is oxpectod that a large sum will be raised ns some influential peoplo are lending thoir patronage. The new iron fence recently erected has added muoh to the appearance of tho home, and it is an effectual bar against the patients being submitted to tho gazo of tho passing public. Australian Natives' Association.—The ordinary fortnightly meeting of tho Echuca Branch of tho A.N. A. was held last evoning in tho lodge room. Dr. Kelly (President) occupied tho chair. There was a fair atten dant of members present. A clearance was granted to Mr A Larkan from tho Echuca to tho Staw ell branch and Mr A E Steinfort was admitted aB a member of the branch. Mr A Whinfield was proposed as a benefit member. It was decided to call a summoned meeting of the branch on Thursday week night to receive Trustees report and elect a Trustee. After a fow remarks by tho President ooncorning tho welfare of tho branch it was decided that the secretary write to Dr Quick and ask him to deliver a ledtura on Federation in the Temparance Hall hero at an early date. Mr Wright reported that Mr Downo was progressing very favourably. The question of combining with the Reohabites to form a Federal Foot ball Team, restricted to the members of both lodges, was brought forwardjby Mr Adair and being received favourably was held over for the next meeting. The Alleged Cattle Stealing—In con nection with the oharge against Claude Perrignon it appears that for the defence lengthy evidence was taken, the wit nesses being tho accused, and also an auctioneer of Rochester, John Wintorbot tom, drover, and Roderick Bremner, labourer, of Moulamein. The evidence of the two latter was as follows: - John Winter bottom deposed that he was a drover. In October, I8B4, he was droving for Perrignon. Ha got some cattle nt that tiino from Murphy Bros, for Porrigncn. There were seven head, nndhe took oharge of them near Rochester. He notictd one oi them. Tho cow outside the court was like tho ono ho noticed. He drove them across the bridge at Echuca. Thoy wero our-markod before crossing. Ono cow was always jumping tho fences. She jumped a gate over five feet high at Shackoll, Whito and Go's yards. That oow was just tho saino as tho ono out side tho court. Did not observe tho brands. Ho delivered the cattlo to Stokes for Per rignon at Moama. Roderick Bremner de posed that ho was a labourer nt Moulamein. Knew Winterbottom, nnd was with hiin droving some time in 1894 for Perrignon. Helped to bring eomo cattlo from Roohestor to Echucu. l'hey ear-marked tho oattlo at Echuca and bonded them over. Hud seon the cow outside tho court. There was a cow very much liko that in tho mob. She used to jump tho (oncos, and wouid not box up with tho mob. In general appearance sho was very much liko tho cow outsido tho court. As already statod Perrignon was atquittcd. Colonial Butter at Home.—Siya tho London correspondent of tho Argus The desirability of re-forming tho colonial butter commictuo in London is again being dis cussed, and many excellent reasons for its rosuscitation aro advanced. Even tho most bitter opponent of tho old committee will admit that united action would havo boon very beneficial to tho trade on many ocoa sione during the present se^Bon, and that such a maligned body would have boon of considerable service in nioro ways tlmn one. Ifc is probable that before next season stops will bo tulcen to form a colonial butter commiltoo somewhat on tho lines of the old ono. Tho members of tho committee, how ovor, aro not likely to bo ail agents, but there will also be representatives of tho producers and of tho large importing firms. Tho opinions of such a committee would bo very valuable to producors on many matters, such, for instance, as tho evidenco given before tho Victorian Perishable Products Committoe, which is being much discussed by butter puople hero ; the desirability for regulating shipments, tho poor quality of recent arrival", and numerous other subjects ofgreot importmco to tho trade. Tho first and chief duty of this committee, however, would be tho fixing of tho stnndard price for colonial buttor week by week. In uuder* taking fuoIj a duty as this tho committee would accept a very great responsibility, but a body composed equally of lepresentativos of producors, importer.-, aud agonts ought io be able to fix and maintain a prico without much diflioulty. Tnn Hospital Fete—Tim linndioaps for the Sheffield Handicap and District Bioyclo Ituce appear in another column. " Shbbwd Farmers."—Under this head ing tho Kyabram correspondent of th» Argus says Some of thu farmers in the Goulburn Valley are malting money this season. Ono of them, taking advantage of tho splendid irrigation canals being made by tho rtodnoy Trust, sot til work aomo three yoars back to put in 80 to 100 aores of lucorne, which) being irrigated at the small oost of Is 6d per acre, gave him omplo feed for his dairy cowa and stock generally. Through his milk returns he was enabled to hold over his wheat—1,000 bags of whioh he has now sold at £1 per bag. Another, through acting in a similar mannor, kept 3,000 bags, whioli brought £1 per bag J and still another has sold 1,100 bags at the same rate.. Many instances of like nature can bo quoted to provo that money can be made, oven in these depressed times. Many farriers have themselves lo blame for the loss of cattle and.scaroity of food, with the water running past their dears. An Old Doo tor a Hard Road.—That a man is "only as old an he feels" was (Bays tho Euroa Advertiser) exemplified at the Longwood shorts on Monday, when an amateur cyclist, who must be between 40 aud 60 yoarB of- age, in tho person of Mr S. Withers, won with consummate eaBe tho two milo bicyolc raoo. He was opposed by Messrs King, Brittingham and Do Boos, all young men hailing from Euroawards. Mr Withers' nomination was regarded by his Longwood friends as a delicious touoh of the comio element, and ho went to tho post, like tho prophet, absolutely without honor in his own country. 'Prom the start he settled down like a tradesman, .and completely ran his youthfuLcorapatitors off their legs. Britting ham was tho first to die away, and after a milo and a half ' De Boos was all out and " Withered." King, a stout, strapping young fellow, who was considered a certain winnor, made a desperate attempt to " rattle" his adversary.. By a i*reat effort he sprinted past.him, obtaining a good lead, the man of years meanwhile keeping up the solid wear ing down pace at whioh ho had started, but when lie did give his bones a jump, King, with " bellows to mend," was quite unable to respond, the local man landing homo Rmidst the greatest excitement on the part of tho crowd. 