BAY BY DiY. Every student of tho classic drama wilj remember tho exceeding embarrassment oooassioned to Mr. Punoh by- the inconve niently persistent reappearances' of the Ghost. In tho earlier; part of, tho career of tho Donnlar hero, when bo was having everything Mb own way, and was fat antl jolly, he got rid -of an intrusive nuisance by the simple oxpediont of knocking him on the head. . But whon Mr. Punch's period' of -prosperity drew to a close tho spectre of the boor lio thought ho had got rid of forever cultivated a distracting habit of bobbing up in the .most compromising manner, and utterly refusing to bo laid. This seems to bo just tlio distressing situa tion of Mr. George Reid at the present timo. Ho jauntily abolished tho unemployed, and with great shrillness -vaunted' of his foat. Yet .tlio .unemployed -haunt him now with increasing malignity. It will bo remembered that tho spectre whioli harassed Mr. Punch brought blatters to a climax by snatoliing his baton and boating him cruelly with his own weapon. Mr, Reid professed to knock tho unem ployed on the head with his fiscal fq-ith. Oh Sunday last a substantial -ghost, - several thousands strong, pervaded tho Domain, and dealt Mr. Rqid a grievous thump with tho samo- woapon/but in the 'spiritualised form of a unanimous resolution in- favour of protection,- . ' ' y , ' ' ' For a man endowed with names so com bining the ohivah-ous with the wealthy as Norman Knight Coutts to steal his wife's clothes would go ' far "tor shake ,' the idea ; that tlie name bestowed-ph a- child' lielps' to colour his. principles of, living. ' -Also it would shake tho strong' confidence of all Benedicts in tho wise discrimination of the law if a man could be punished for such a triflo as merely robbing his own wifo. But confidence is restored,, and reason re sumes its - scat when -more . particular investigation shows that' tlie mail's nnmo was probably neither Norman , Kliight nor Coutts, and that lie . cortainly did not steal his wife's clothes. Tho .plain, sirnplo facts are that a person who had rooently. aniorged from Bnsbane Gaol advertisod l'6r a house keeper and ongagod one. . Not believing in long engagements,,' probably, , ho ' married lior a fow days later. After half .a honeymoon lie eloped, with -her clothes. Had tlio more slight: ' debident; of having married the quondam housekeeper constituted him her husband; that would have been all right, and "he could havo drank the clothes and returned to domestiu joys with the ohtird acquiescence of law and order. But he had fallen into tlio error of being married already when ho espoused the. housekeeper,- on .the impulso of the moiiioht as it wore, and now lie is boing. treated as a thief merely because ho was too conscientious to live with the lady without being married to her. The law is really too confusing." ' Is it permissible fbry a ;hum1>lq pfivato citizen to rise in an unostentatious manner and ask what is' the meaning of all tho colonels nnd majors :;in- this' small- and pacific community ? Ono cannot take up the daily papors .without being; smitten iu tho oyo with such 'statements as Colonel Smith played a ganio of bowls, or Major Nomo lias ombarked for England, or Cap tain Brown was charged with being drunk and incapable, or -something. Ho; search reveals tho oruel faots that Smith, Nemo ' and,. Brown are - not in the regular British army,, or in tho Permanent Forces of ' New South Wales, though it is possible that they may trip over tlieir own swords in the volunteer force of this province. No doubt a volun teer colonel, or whatever ho is, is entitled .to the distinction of;his:ranlc .when hp is. on parado and engaged in "clulibing" tho warriors under -.his command, but why a softgoodsman, or a worthy cnrcaso butcher, or a professional politioinn should go tack ing about the world with' a lhan's sized military title before his commonplace cog nomen, simply beennso ho 1ms had ten minutes', more of loss, volnntoer experience, no thoroughly snno.porson can understand. In another doende.at this rate, all tho nialo adults and a fair proportion of the men children in arms will he lioutcnant- colonels or wor3e; It beats America. , The 'Victorian Postal Inquiry Bonrd, in pursuanco of thoir resoarclios into tolo- plionio mysteries, have now arrived at tho young lady operator. And they -havo not been able to take iiiany verbal falls out of tlio dear girl. -Tho imtial femalo examined has cliargo ovor 05 other girls, and a re markably exalted idea of lior and their place in tho oconomy of nature, as tho fol lowing will provo:— "Don't you think it would bo in tho interests of tlio public if tho girls in tho exchange wore forbidden to tnlkto anybody (through the telephone)?" "Yes, but it would be arbitrary." "You must remember," rejoined tlio board, " tlmt tho exchange doesn't belong to tho girls." i'l admit that," ropliod tlio lady haughtily aud languidly. The board then mentioned that complaints had been liiado of the curt toiio, of tho tolephono girls. Tho wit ness did not think they wore curt. " I sup pose," observod tho chairman, " it is sen sitiveness on tlio part of tli'o subscribers." "Yes,, it is Oho ' cusscdncss' of 'the sub scribers." Asked "Do you consider tho sub scribers hero as considerate, as they arc in Sydney?" the stately young fomalo re plied, "I think tliey are not so well trained." Cycling is no doubt a most pleasant method of locomotion— for. tlioso who know l)OW to do it. s-,But.a'twonty-stohe gentle, man frantically vrestling with a small bieyclo and gotting thrown on' his head, and arising savagely, im'd then brutally assaulting tho inoffensive maohiuo on tho public highway,- is not in aocordanco with tho eternal fitness of things, and doniand3 that tlio Society for tho Prevention of Cruelty - to Animals! should tako action in tho matter. This inapproprinto spectacle might have been witnessed this morning in an important Sydney thoroughfare. It is dif ficult to determine . wh'ieh, i/ tlio greator onemy to society — the " scorcher" who at- temps to gallop his ; bicycle . over nervous foot passengers, or tho awful novice who ventures to perform in pubjio before ho knows tho first rudiinents of falling off gracefully, and frightens every horao in sight by the extraordinary exhibition of a machine trying- to. balance, itself on tho bridg'e of a heavy gentleman's noso. Consequent on a a verdl recent finds of gold near the oity, Meibohrneitos aire con siderably exercised , over ' tho question whether payable gold may not he' actually existent in mnryellOus -Smollbourne itself. One old gold-miner, says the Argus, > 3 strongly of opinion that tlioro are "pay able deposits of alluvial -gold to the Melbourne Cemetery, in that por tion sot aside for this- informant of- Wesleyans.'' This' is highly probahlo: at the same timo, it is vory doubtful whother it' would be right to dig for gold in such a place. . To say nothing of tho gross impropriety of disturbing the rest of saints- in tlio search -for filthy lucre, tho gold; if it exists, wa3 probably boneiicontly placed in the Wosjeyan Cemetery-for tho AxnpRfln nnrnnan nf . rnn.lrlnff liiill-zrini'KCu balos for tho elect .when they are ready to wear them;- . ZED. 