/ f "' AIL QVEENSZAm EI6STS EE8ERTEI). HER PROMISE TRUE. £1 JaL ///////////// J3L /?//?/////////?/////////////////// JL '///////////////////< A NEW STORY by DORA RUSSELL, AUTHOR OF "HIS WILL AND HERS," "THE DRIFT OF FATE," "A MAN'S PRIVILEGE," "A COUNTRY SWEETHEART," "FOOTPRINTS " IN THE SNOW," &o.; CHAPTER XXVII.— ( Continued.) ' The pool- luoon can't shine to-night,' suiil Relic, looking round with a smile, nud addressing him. ' No,' answered Gilbovt, and lie, too, looked un at tho mistv sky. ' Belle,' he added in a lower tone, 'yon lioord what Air. ALu'chniont said at dinner ? "Would it not ho bettor for me to go with them to Glen wrath V' ' You promised you would stay here a few days longer; do you wish to break your promiso ?' asked Belle, softly, and ebo looked up in his face with licr shin ing hazel oyes. ' You know I do not. Ho, I could not part with my fow days now, I Hhink— at least I shall have their memory.' His voice saulc almost to a whisper as lie spoke the last few words, but .Belle heard them. They deepened tho rose- bloom on her checks, and her breath cuiuo quick. Gilbert leaned liis arms against the window panes, and she could see his straiglitly-cut profile, and "the lines on his somewhat fever-worn face. And a memory rushed into Jier heart of one night when their love was young; of one night whon thoyliad stood together thus, and watched the moon struggling through the mist abovo tho country hills. There had been nothing to part them then; 110 false vows, untruo always. They had loved and been beloved, and now — Belle lifted her head with a fluttering nigh. 'Do you remomhor one night nfcNort- hridgo ?' slio said, in a low tone. ' Strange, I too was thinking of that night,' answered Gilbert, also raising his hcud. ' Wo think of the same things, I believe, Belle, at tho same time.' ' It is strange,' half-whispered Bello, and she turned away. She felt indeed that she uould not stay ; tho sense of all that she hud lost for the moment overpowered her. By tho fireplace Lady Staninore was sitting half asleep. One of hcrfavourite Drench novels lay on a small table near her by a shaded lamp. Shu had enjoyed her dinner, and had opened her blink ing eyes when Hugh Gilbert had entered -the room, only, however, to close them again a moment or two later. She gave 110 thought to the two lives she had spoilt ; none to tho wreck of love and youth. Belle looked at her as she pussed her, and a feeling of hitter anger swelled in her heart. 'But for you,' she thought. 'All! hut for you — ' Tho next morning rose fresh and fair. 1\. A blue, white llcckud sky, a light wind, a perfect day for tho moorlands and the hills. At Struthcnm Lodge tho sports men wore up betimes, and immediately after breakfast started with tho keepers and tho dogs. Mr. Murchmont was ; particularly fussy. 'I feol in my clement,' ho said to Bcllo ; though, poor man, ho certainly did not look it. But lie was one of tho first of tho fivo mon to start, and ho . looked back and waved his hand to 'Bollc, who was standing at tho -window watching them go. And she watched them until tlioy disappeared in the mountain doiilo. 'Then she sighed wistfully us she turned away ; sighed thinking of tlio fow words slio hud exchanged near tlio window ivitli Hugh Gilbert tho night "before, and of tho liappy days which still hold so fresh a memory in both their hearts. Ouo of her old restless moods caiuo over her, and sho commenced walking up and down the room, still dreaming of the past. Presently, however, sho wont out on tho terrace, and watched the golden ripples of light pluyiug on tho loch below. Slio hud not boon tlioro more than half an hour, scarcely so long, when, to licr surprise, sho saw young Mnrelimont hurriedly making his way to the house. Sho advanced a few stops to meet him, and saw ho was excited and pale. ' I have run on to toll you,.' ho said, hurriedly addressing lior, ' that there has been a slight accident on tho moors. Xothing serious — don't look so fright ened ; hut that stupid father of inino contrived to touch the trigger of his gun as he was taking it loaded from tho keepor, and tho charge wounded Gilbert in tho arm.' Bollo heard tho words, and tho wholo seeno scorned to swim around her, She staggered, grow faint and palo, and young Mnrelimont cuught lior by tho arm, to save lior from falling. "' Good heavens ! Lady Stanmorc, don't look lilco tlint !' cried Marchmont. ' Tlioro, lean on 1110 ; don't lot nuyono see you look liko that. Dear old Gilbort will soou he nil right. They have got a doctor ulrcudy ; ono of tho gillios got one, and tlioy will ho bringing liini lioro presoutly; hut I thought I would mn ou and tell you.' ' Is — is he dying ?' gasped out Bello, from hotweon her wliito, quivering lips. ; 'Dying! nothing of tho kind; in no i dangor whatever,. I, should say. Tho . churgo struck hiin ou the hack of tho arm. How that old ass of n father of mino contrived to do such a thing I can not tell. - But mon liko liiin should not handle a gun. But conio into thohouso now ; thoy will he carrying liini homo soon, and you had hotter not ho hero.' ' Yes, I will stay,' said Bollo, "with a groat effort. ' Got 1110 soino water — I will stay nud watch him como.' ' Ho, don't, Lady Stanmoro ; plcaso don't,' urged young Marchmont. ' I know ho is an old friond of yours,' and naturally nil this is n groat shook to you. But come into tho liouso ; you can soo thorn bring him up from the defile from there.' He piit his hand through- hor arm as ho spoke,, nnd almost forced lior indoors. He liked and admired Belle, and from the evening. of tho foto nt Murohraont had been euro that soma old tio had boon "j between, the two, who had loved each j. other so well. 1 He; was most anxious, therefore, hat no ..joying eyes should see ' her in her present distress. _ And ho hud scarcely succeeded in gotting Bello into the house whon _ he saw from one of tho windows tho little procession advancing tlint was . hearing Gilbort to tho lodge. Tlioy hncl wrenched the door off ono of the hovels by tho moor edge, ( and on this thoy wore currying tho wounded man. The doctor was by his side and Stanmoro, while the keepers and gillies bore tho door on which ho lay, nud Mr. Marchmont, visibly downcast, followed. Young Mnrelimont saw all this, and then did the wisest thing ho could do under tho circumstances. . . ' Hero I10 comos,' ho said, with affected clioovMncss. ' How, boar up, dear Lady Stanmore, for his sake. It would uevor do for tho poor follow to see you agitated. It would only mako him worse. They are getting ou very well. Will you como and soo ?' Belle tottered to the window, and then covered lior face with a moan. . ' I can't look,' she said faintly, and young Marchmont ran to get some water and while doing so encountered Lady Stanmore. ' What is tho mutter ?' sho asked. ' Is anyone killed, as they are carrying a mail up the liill ?' ' Ho ono is killed. There has been a slight accident, that is all, and it has startled Lady Stanmore,' answered Marchmont. ' Who is it?' ' It is Gilbert — Captain Gilbert.' ' Ah ! ' said Lady Stanmore, and slio passed him and went into tlio room whero Bello was sitting, still with her face covered with licr hand. 'So tlioro has boon an nccidont?' began Lady Stanmore ; nud at tho sound of lior voieo Bello raised lior head, and tho expression o£ lior face half frightened Lady Stnnniorn. ' It's nothing serious I am told,' she continued ; ' hut these things always stnrtle one. Here is Mr. Marchmont with sonic water ; but you must lmvo some wine in it too, and that will make you nil right.' Belle drank tho wine thoy offered lior, nud it gave her a little strength. Lady Stanmoro also took soino, and presently thoy heard the footsteps of the 111011 who were hearing Gilbert in. Then Berio rose unassisted and went to the open door. Tho men wore resting a moment in the hall, and Belle saw Gilbert's face. It was palo, but resolute and calm, and as Bollo udvnnced a step their eyes mot and Gilbort smiled. ' I have had a slight accident,' he said, addressing her, 'and have been giving a great deal of trouble.' ' Don't speak that way, my dear fel low,' said Stanmore, now looking round to see who Gilbert was speaking to. ' Ah, Belle, you arc there. Well, this lias been a had day's business, though it might liavo heeu much worso. And now wo had bettor try to get liim up stairs, and you go away, Bello. Lucy, coino hero and tnlco away Bcllo ; this is no plnco for women.' Then Lady Stauniorc advanced and took Belle's cold hand and drew her buck into the room and shut the door. 'You can do 110 good, Bollc,' she said. ' Ho,' answered Bollo, in a low tone, nud once more she sat down and covered lior face with her hand. Then came tho heavy footsteps on tho stairs ; tho lnuiliud sounds outsido. But not for long. Presently Stanmoro entered tho room, and Bcllo lifted her lioad, and looked in his fucc. ' Tlioy have got liini up all right now,' said Stanmoro, in auswor to tho unspoken question. ' But ho is fuint from loss of blood, and tlio doctor is giving him something to rovivo liiin. I am going to tolcgrupli now to Edinburgh for another (looter aud a nurse.' 'Is ho seriously wounded?' asked Lady Stanmore. ' A guu-Bhot wound is alwnys serious, hut I hope ho'll get over it nil right. It was that ass, old Marclnuont, did it ; I wish I'd beou hanged Loforo I asked him horo,' said Stanmoro. At this moment the culprit himsolf hurried into the room, and wont up in a state of grout agitation to Bollo. ' I am so terribly sorry about all this, Lady Stanmoro,' ho began ; ' hut it was that blundering Donald's fault.' 'I do not think it was Donald who blundered,' cuttingly remarked Stan moro. ' But I will soud for tlio first advine ; everything shall ho done,' continued Mr, Marchmont, doprccatingly. 'Captain Gilbort is my ghost; of course, ovory thing shall bo . done,' answered Staninore haughtily, and Mr. Marclmiont's discomfiture was complete ! CHAPTER XXVIII. AX Oj,D PllIKNl). Bollo spent a miserablo day of hiddon anxiety and fear. After an early luncheon, at which tho Scotch doctor joined, Mr. Marchmont thought it de sirable to leave Strathoarn for Gleu- wrath, under tho oxcuso of sooing that everything was ready to rocoivo his wifo and (laughters on tho following day, hut in reality to escapo from tho disngroonhlo conscquoncos of Iris own awkwardness and foolhardinoss. Jim Marohmorit, however, remained at the Lodge; uud spont tho most of Iris time in Hugh Gilbort's room. And after considering what thoy should do with themselves, and fooling thoy could do no good by staying indoors, Stanmore and Sir John Leo Btaited for a long walk among tho hills. At lunch Bolle watched, tlie doctor's face with feverish impatience, nnd when the party broke up and ho was about to return to his patient sho fol lowed him from tho room. I want to ask him if ho lias every thing,' sho said by way of an oxoubo as sho passed Stanmoro and Lady Stanmoro, who had not left tho room. Sho overtookDr. Mnogrogor inthohall. ' I want you to; tell liio, doctor,' sho began, half, breathlessly, ' how ho really is.' ' ' '; _ Tho Scotch doctor looked at hor with .Lis shrewd, greenish-gray eyes, . ' Yo mean tho gentleman who's been hurt ? ' he answered. ' Oh, he's going on as weel as wo can expect.',. ' And he's not ' hut Bolle conld not frame in words the question that she meant to ask. 'The doctor, how ever, seomcd to understand. ' Nn, nn, ho's in na danger,' lio said ; ' hut it was a close shave. Yon south ern gentleman, I reckon, has not, been used to handle a gun.' Belle gavo a sort of gasp of roliof. 'If — if there is anything, you want, doctor — if tlioro is anything I can (lo — — ' slio stammered out. 'I'll lot yo ken, myleedy. But there's na need to fash about him. Ho'll ho all right.' v AVith anothor sigh of relief, Bolle returned to tlio dining-room, and as sho did so Stanmoro looked at her. 'Well, what doe's the doctor say?' ho asked. ' He soys ho'll ho all right,' answered Bello fnltoringly. ' That's a good thing ; but ho'll wont good nursing.' Stnnmoro, indeed, had desired the doctor not to alarm tlio ladies unneces sarily, and tlio extent ami nature of Gilbert's wound was kept, ' to a groat oxtcnt, from Bollo's knowledge. Stan moro had noticed Belle's agitation whon Gilbort was first carried into tho' house, which ho did not consider was unnatural undor tho circumstances, and I10, there fore, thought it advisahlo to mako as light of tho uccidcnt as possiblo. But all tho same, Belle's anxiety was very groat. Sho could not take lior mind from one thought — that Hugh Gilbert lay in pain and suffering under tho sumo roof, and yet sho could not go near him ; she could not clasp his liuud ! ' If I could only ho with him,' she mouued, uguin and again during tho anxious hours ; aud she wandered about the house with restless footsteps, aud once during tho afternoon slip mot young Jim Mnrelimont, who was just leaving Gilbort's room. ' I was coming to seek you,' said "Wniwlininnf. lnnillv 1 ninv T im info f.lm drawing-rooiu, and talk to you for a little wliilo ? ' ' Oh, yes ; how is ho now ? ' answorod Bcllo, quickly. ' Going ou all right ; of course ho's weak from loss of blood, hut wo must expoct that.' They wont into tho drawing-room together, and wliou Mnrelimont had closed tlio door, after a moment's hesi tation, lie said : ' Gilbert sent mo down with a message to you, Lady Stnmnore.' ' Yes ?' answered Belle, and for an instant the colour fluttered hack into lior palo face. ' The doctor had told him you seemed very anxious about him, and Gilbert sent mo to say you must not he — tlint you must not distress yourself. He told. me, too, tlint you aud lie are old friends, and lio said it would grieve him very much to cause you any worry.' 'It is — good of him to tlrink of it,' faltered Belle ; ' naturally I feci very much ' Yes, of course ; we all feel it very mucli,. dear old follow. But lio'U pull through all right, nud I liopo wo will have liini up in no time.' 'Is there anytliiug I can do?' said Bolle, still faltcringly ; ' anything I can send him ?' .... 'There was a beautiful nosegny of roses that had arrived tlie day before from liodvers Court standing on a table near, nnd involuntarily as slio spoke Belle's eyes foil on tlicso ; and in a momont Marchmont understood that wistful ghiuco. ' If you would send him a flower I am sure ho would bu awfully pleased,' answered Marchmont, and Belle bent down nud with trembling fingers chose the finest bloom. fio BE CONTINUED TO-MORROW." 