A RIDE FOR LIFE ON A BICYCLE. OHASED BY WOLVES. I Intended to break the record, as the slang phrase goes— no very difficult matter, 1 reflected, so far as a Cana dian winter record on the bicycle was concerned. To do uo. however, reaulrod Judgment. I knew that 1 had the long rise into thu forest before me and I must reserve my strength for that I went steadily on 1 I had crossed the level at last, and I knew 1 had done well. The light was bright enough to see the time, but I decided to wait till 1 entered the forest. It was no longer quite so easy to keep the bicycle up to speed. There was more effort In the pressure on the pedals, a little more sensation In the muscles of the legs as I did so. I looked round. Yes, I had already made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was regular, but not steep enough greatly to reduce my speed. As I went I glanced from side to side— for 1 was conscious of the oppressive solitude of .the forest; but my pace was not re tarded . for. a moment.' One of tho sleighing party had beeu talking of wolves. The winter. It seemed, had been an early one, and It certainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, had been showing lu packs not twenty mllcB to the north. There was not a sound but the low crisp crunch of the snow under the wheels of my machine, nnd even that seemed hushed nnd distant. Yet what was thnt? Was it fancy, or did 1 hear something shrill, piercing, yet faint. In the far distance on my right hand? Surely there was some thing— If It was only the wall of a dis tant gust of wind moaning through the frozen pines! I bent over the bicycle, and concentrated my energies upon fac ing the long ascent. There It was again! It was no wall of the northern wind— no swaying of tho frozen forest. It waa the cry of a living thing. It was nature's savage complaint against the pnngs of hunger! On and on we flew. There was not a breath of wind to stir the slightest qnow-fioke on the tcndcrcst spray, yet my hair was thrown back from my brow, whore great drops of perspiration now gathered and began to trickle down my face. On and on! Without a thought but that of pressing forward, without a hope but that of reaching the descent of the slope, nnd the edge of the forest. And as 1 went I knew that 1 was followed. From the dim arcades on my right cntno from time to lime a short gasping howl, cut short In the moment of utterance by tho exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were In full cry. It was a race for bare life. ! leant forward, and threw every energy I possessed Into tho one effort lo press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts. The long hanging boughs nearly brushed niy face as 1 swept past. The cold nlr blew In my face and curried even the heavy fur of my coat behind me as I rushed through the night. And yet my pursuers did not lose ground. Ou the contrary, they, were gnlnlng. Not quickly, not with a rush; but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was deadly; with a mo notony that was ghastly beyond ex pression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fixed on the tine of light' that stretched on nnd on In front, as if it would never end! The strain was telling on me now. There wus a wild buzzing in my head, there was a weary feeling growing hi iny limbs,' there wos n duspsiirlng buhbc of the usclessncss of effort growing stronger In my mind. At nny rate, It was now for the first time thnt I saw something of my savage pursuers. There wus a shadow on my right— only u shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. U wus a head— a long sharp muzzle— the inouth open, the lower Jaw hanging, the cars erect! It crept on. Little by little It gained on me— an Inch— only tut Inch nt a time, but always an inch more! This shadow became a horror to mo. At Inst! The long, straight road inndo a curve to thcright.Not a sharp curve, butenough to bring me to closer quarters with my untiring pursuer. In a moment as I pressed upon the handles and followed the sweep of the road he wus upon me. In n moment the shadow had given place to the substance— with a long pnntlng, snarling growl a huge wolf watt by my side. He was old, for I could see that his hnlr was grey ns It showed 111 the moonlight. Ills huge mouth was wide open, showing a. row of formidable fangs, and his long rod tongue hung from Ills slavering Jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red coals gleamed from beneath the thickly mat ted luilr that hung over his face. There was a look of exhaustion about him that for the moment Increased Hie hor ror of Ills appearance. Involuntarily 1 swerved as he sprung, and his great Jaws came together with n snap not an Inch from my knee. Ills leap had cost him something In speed, and ho fell back quite half a yard before hp recovered. The sight of htm had done me good. The horror of IiIb look was a change from the gathering horror of his pur suing shadow, and tho change aroused me. My hand went Instinctively to tha handle of Bob's revolver. The familiar touch seemed to reassure mc. 1 drew It from my belt I weighed It In my hand so ns to grow accustomed to It. I dared not turn In my seat, and yet ( must get n shot at the grizzled leader of the pack. insensibly I slackened my pace for a second or two; Insensibly the huge head crept up once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little In front of my foot! Once more he was gathering himself together for a spring. Once more his blood-shot, hun gry eyes were turning towards me ' as he kept up his long, leaping gallop. ; It was tho moment. Quick as thought : I fired. The ball struck him— struck him. 1 think, on the shoulder, for with one fierce snarl, that seemed to cxprcsis pain, disappointment, and terror all In one, he rolled over In a heap almost against the rushing wheel of my bicycle There was a pause in the chft3p. Once more I turned to the track. Once more I concentrated every energy to increase the distance between mynclf and my re lentless pursuen?. Tho welcome respite was but a short one. My head swam dizzily with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long nnd fierce excite ment; my Hmbfl grew numb and heavy under the desperate strain. Thank God !-- 1 waaon thedownwardfllnp. TtinriU God ! there watt at Inst' a prospect of escape. The descent 'made Itself quickly felt. Exhausted uh I had bceu. t couldn't have kept ll much longer, nnd I must have beeu overtaken. Down the long, smooth slope we rushed at a pace that was momentarily Increurlng. I looked behind me once more, The wolves were following still, but they, too, were growing exhausted. I glanced ut the ascent beyond the bridge: 1 glanced ut the laboring pursuers behind mr — 1 could do It still! I dashed al tho bridge. 1 was across, nnd now the ascent began. I bent over tho bicycle. I forced my weary limbs to exert ihemselven once more. For fully n hundred yards tho ascent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower nnd slower 1 Fecmed to go with each moment. The perspira tion poured from my face, my legs and ankles burned as If steeped In liquid lire, t clenched my teeth and gripped the handles ns If for bare life, and nt each slow turn of the wheels I seemed to my self to hear the panting of the wolves behind me. At Inst I did It! At the top of the olcpc I turned and looked behind inc. The moonlight shone while on the grey lea der as he bounded on to the bridge; two others followed him closely, the rest were scattered behind them on the road. Not one had as yet abandoned the chase — not one had yet given up hopes of the prey. 1 drew my revolver from my belt once more, 1 rested the barrel for a moment on the handle of the machine. An the leader nenred my end of the bridge 1 turncdnml tired. I hit , him. With a sharp howl he sprang Into the nlr and fell half across tho parapet, then he turned »»ver and I could see his body glance whllely nn he plunged into the- river below. Exhausted nu I was. I found that I could make an cfiort htHI. 1 could hear nothing of the wolves, but yet for aught I knew they might be following still. Imagination supplied the place of my dull scnsoc, nnd I could fancy 1 heard their punting behind me — I could even Imagine the sharp scuflllng of their feet ou the mow. Suddenly a broad stream of light fell across the road. There wat a sound of voices which Rounded strangely far away: there were tho licurts of men. though they looked like tho men v:r sec In dreams. My blcyel" swept on. but I could no longer control It. Everything swam. before, my grcs, -my. limbs refus.M lo tnove nny longer— 1 foil that 1 Was' fulling— falling— nnd 1 was caught hv Dr Jackson's strong arms.- -"S:ribnor." 