!pb JStsnjlaJtatt. II CUPID'S SET. ? ? ? -- ? r By the Author of ' Tbe Romance of , ? Four Lives,' &c.; I CHAPTER II. PLOT. Can he pass and wo forget, l)abray'a dark cynical face softened. He put out hifl baud, and touched burs, half caressingly. . ' Poor Florence,' he said, gently. ' Perhaps I do wrong to reproach you. Heaven knows, we are all poor weak mortals. And your fate — looking at it from a commonplace light— might have been worse* You gained sufficient 1 filthy lucre' in compensation for the forfeit of happier ties.' ' A poor compensation, nieLhinks,' she retorted; bitterly. ' It did not even raise roc in the social scale to wed that wealthy plebeian.' '?No,' ho answered, with a short laugh — ' nor mentally nor morally. Yet Tennyson's bitter words — ' Thou art mated to a, clown, And the grossness o£ his nature will have ' weight to weigh thee down,' — are in no wise applicable to you, Florence. , lion would not havo attained such perfection as o poor man's wife.'' She smiled, a faint pink flush rising to her smooth pale cheeks, and there was almost a dewy softness iu her lovely violet eyes as she lifted them, almost wistfully, to his dark face. ' You urcisareastic again, Maurice.' ? 'No, no,' he answered quickly, with an impatient sigb. ' But, for Heaven's sake, let those begones be begones. What good can it do either of us to re call them? The past is passed— -' 'But the future is all our own,' sho put in quickly—' ours to make or to mar it.' He' stared at her in amazement, ''iyhat do you nican ?' he queried, y' : almost roughly. 'I mean that the. good chancos of the future are now spread before us, but if wo will not stretch forth our band to grasp them, we may lose them, while one hesitates the other steps in.' He: followed the direction of her eyes in the great gilded mirror, and his face flushed, ' Yon speak in enigmas,' be said, impatiently, and looked away to where Charrington was singing Trotere's pathetic song, ' With all my heart.' 'Because I am afraid to speak more plainly. ' xsut, uubray, jl am a woman, with a woman's keen perception, and a woman's -wit : a woman's perception to discover how the land lies.; a woman's wit to — — ' ' Go on.' ' Steer you into port, when a man's ignorance would dash you on the shelves. Ah, my friend, you cannot deceive me. ? The clever daughter oE our hostess has bewitched you with — not bcr beauty — shall I say her frankness and her fortune. Her fortune, that would give you the very lift you need in your profession, and a scat in Parliament. Well — wed her.' He smiled, tho slow cynical smilo,tbat men hated and women had come to dread, ' There was a time when 1 could have ^ sworn you the wisest of women, Flor ence,' he said slowly. ' But you must have put away your wisdom with your faith, if you imagine that girl would do what you could not — throw herself away on a briefless barrister, even if he were of Royal descent. Besides— co quote your words — while one hesitates another steps in. By tho way,' he continued, dropping his half-bitter, half-bantering tone, 'I really can't understand why you are taking this extraordinary interest in my welfare to- night. If I had to take to ranching in California, or cut my throat to-morrow because my credi tors are getting too strong lor me, that is nothing to you.' ' It is everything,' she. told him, evi dcnco of sincerity in her blue sparkling eyss. If I were to win a briliiant future, I should atone for the past. Mauricc, will you let me try ? ' ' My dear girl, what would you do ? Ouu you spirit away tho duke, or transfer by magic spell the devotion of Lady Norah from young Clivo to your humble ' servant 7 Or ' — he bent and looked piercingly into her fair, paleface — 'havo a motive nearor home ? ' For a moment she cowored beneath bis look : then she made a motion of dis sent, but he stopped her with a ges ture. ' Why stoop to denial 1 ' lie queried, indifferently. If we are friends, let our ? words be honest, confidential. Besides, 1 am not selfish, and if you really wish to do me a good turn, you muBt expect to inspire mo with a like benevolencc. Anyway, to use a hackneyed proverb, 'union is strength,' and will, of course, effect a more successful issue.'1 She tried again to deny, then broke Into a light musical laugh. ' You are too clever for me, as usual, Dubray,' she said, sinking into a low JimtcmU and motioning bimto a scat by her side. ' I suppose, now, I ought to be indignant at your insinuations, but I -m not. Abuse mo if yon will, I can never be angry with you. Maurice. I suppose it is the f&ult; of old associa tions,' she ended pensively, a faint sigh lif t ing tho diamond pendaut glittering at hor breast, For a moment there was a silenco be tween them, as Charrington's clcar tones catno floating downjtho room — ' ' There was a time, not long ago, When you were all the world to me ; Lovo is not to alter so, And what you are still must he.' ' Then JJubray dropped into the seat beside hor, playing thoughtfully with the jet tassle of hor girdle. 'You are a subtle witch, Florence,' ho said, with a look that brought a faint color to her checks. 'No man can resist you. Even I yield and placo iny futuro in your hands.' CHAPTER III. A SHATTERED IDOL. ' Many suns arise ancLset, Many a chance the years beget.' Meanwhile, utterly indifferent to the presence -of the couple sitting not a few yards from them, Norah and the young Duke laughed and whispered over their game of chess in a manner that would have scandalizedevfn an ordinary playpr. But no ordinary players were those two —extraordinary would have been the fittest term to have applied to tbeni, judging by their erratic movements and many blunders.; young Olive's dark head dangerously near the fair girl's hair. Florence Main warring coming upon tham half- ac-hour later, with Maurice Dubray in her wake, frowned as she caught her mutual glances. Can it be possible, she queried to her self, bitterly, that this \ hoydenish girl may prove a more ^formidable obstacle than she imagined towards her becoming the proud mistress of Abbington Towers — -possible that this slow, : faithful hearted young fellow, who she had fondly dreamed was a slave at least to her beauty last season, had now lost his heart to this wild Irish girl, who haied society, and spent the best half of her days in running wild on the bogs and gossiping with a set of Focians in filthy cabins ? Yet her voicc was as low and sweet as ever as sho laid her hand half caress ingly, on the girl's white shoulder, and begged ibe two chess-players to accom pany herself and Maurice D'brayon to the terrace for a breath of pure air. While nothing loth to cool her , flushed cheeks, and little dreaming of tbe conse quences. the request was readily granted, to the young duke's secret discomfiture.; For a few moments they strolled up and down the long stone terrace in silence, the men indulging in a cigarette while from below came the monotonous splash of tho waves .breaking upon the beach. ', Is it true, Norah, ftbat you have a traditional ghost 1' queries the young widow, breaking the silence at length. ' So the story goes,' was the girl's somewhat roserved reply. (To be Continued.') You can't beat Colemane and Sons Special Oil or Rheumatism.* 