COUPONS. Blossoming boughs in February, " and earth seemed crammed with heaven.” So thought Mrs. Billworthy as she surveyed her orchards, that melted away into llio emerald dyes of the wheat fields on the right and the budding vine-, yards bn the sun-kissed slopes on her left.! Within range of her vision were pastures green, where her stock grazed in security and fattened in peace. An Euglisli woman, this same Mrs. Dillworthy, and, as 6he expressed it, “bom bred, aud brought up in Loudon.’ Left a widow with one daughter, a brother who had sottled in California some two years before had persuaded her to follow him, and invest her money in a well-cultirated ranch and orchard. The picture before her was the result, and so well satisfied was she that she sighori with deep content—a sigh from a heart overfiowing with happiness, and freedom from fretting cares. “I ’nve, *11 I want to look at. and if ’igh ’ winds don’t play ’avoc with the blossoms I'll 'are fruit properly plentiful,” she thought. f She walked leisurely down the gravelled •walk, her plump hands on her hips,- and her rosy f*co wearing a satisfied smile. Reaching the gate she called out— •• ’Amet! ’Arriet, whatever is keeping you?” “ Coming, mamma,” said a pleasant voice, and into view came affair-haired, blue-eyed English girl with a wild rose complexion, and a pretty, slight figure. At her side walked a youug man, ruddy and dark, with frank, brown eyes, and a pleasant face. Mrs. Dill worthy stared hard as she said to herself, 11 What ’ave we ’ere for ’euven’a sako F* Harriet spoke as she neared her mother. • ;4 “ Mamma,'this youDg man, Mr. Danforth, is looking for wort; as you want the wood chopped . he wishes to secure the job.” Mrs. Dill worthy's f*co instantly took on a business expression. Turning to Danforth fiho “ What wages would you expect ? ” “ Two fifty and board, madam,’’he replied, as ho bared his head., and ran his fingers, through the thick browniocks that covered It. Accdstomil^to^EpgUA labour prices,.Mrs.. ' 'Billworthy was about’ to ^protest, but} a glance from Harriet and'the low’remark, “ Thisis the .West, you know, mamma,” caused her to say—1 “I will ’ire you; young man. I want the wood.chopped well, and pat out of the way in the wood house,” pointing, as • she spoke, to-a lot of logs piled in disorder in the big yard. - - “Very well, madam,” said the young man. ;... Ho threw off his coat and hat, and began his work, and Harriet and her mother passed indoors. Although the fruit crop promised well, the dull times had made pctnal dollats and cents scarce with Mrs. Dill worthy ; so mother aud daughter were economic*], and on the look-out for bargains ; 1894 might be called coupon year, or, as Mrs. Dill worthy called it, “ kew pon.” Every paper she subscribed to contained two or more coupons, which, when saved, nnd ten or twenty-five ceuts added, brought music, plants, or pictures to the sender. As they were totally unaccustomed to American methods of advertising, the Dillworthys believed implicitly in the genuineness of the “ bargains ” secured in this way, and one day every week found them chasing these four-sided slips from column to column, and clipping with ns much unction as if a coupon saved were a dollar earned. Aud if Jane, tho maid of all work, ever used a news p«por to kindle Gres or polish windows she was almost under bonds to see if the coupons were cut or not. Harriet, girl like, wanted a new summer bat; but her mother told her it was almost im possible for her to spare the money to buy it. The hired man must be paid for spring work, and the wood chopping alone was quite an SoJHarriet had tried to manufacture one out of past glories in that line. One day, about a month after Danforth’# arrival, when looking over the papers,.Harriet’s blue eyes rested on this advertisement— .. “Cut out this coupon and send it with two dollars to Messrs. Featherfew and Flower, who .will.furnish you with tho latest confection in French hats.” Harriet sprang up so hastily from the willow rocker that it tipped backward, scaring General her English pug, into a barking fit. Her mother was out on the back, porch, with a tomato can full of seeds she' had sorted out* . The noise aud quick steps startled her,*and:th$ contents of the can flew every way, as if from a patent 6«eder. , .- ’ * / ; ! V’A coupon for a hat, mamma! See! see!” Harriet exclaimed, joyfully. V’Eaveus and earth!” said her mother. “My’eart’s in a flutter. I thought the’ouse was on fire, or. the’orse was dead.” '* She stooped to pick up 'the seeds,' while Harriet read the notice to her. “ Can’t I help you, Mrs. Dillwortby ?” some one courteously asked. The hired man had approached unnoticed, and stood.smilingly regarding tho little scene. Harriet bluabc-d and cea6fcd reading,, but her mother stiffly answered— ' : M No, thank you, Danforth ; you’d better go back to your work. “ I can’t abear that young man’s forward ways,” ahe said to her daughter when ho had gone. «:.v • “Oh, mamma, ho meant only to be kind, I’m auro! ..And you spoke so short/’ uahl Harriet. ‘ , ' : “I intended to; it will, te&ch.; him to keep his place in the future,” returned her, mother., “He’s too familiar,’Arriet. Ho talks to you whenever be can*. You oughu’t to allow it. Harriet blushed more deeply than before, and was silent. \, ; Mrs.. Diliwofihy had thoroughly 'EnglisU ideas. It was a difficult task to imbue her with American notions of equality. She could not be made to. comprehend that wagt^-carniug. men or women might be of good family. Set ; oven.the'ghost of an' idea that Tom Danforth, • her servant; admired aud wished to w.o mid win her daughter never entered her head..’:;-* v: Besides thst, sho had other views tor tbe #;i;L The leading mcvoliant in the otsrMt lona wir p SO years old, and worth money; - It ii true ho had broken o»ery coinman dm ant worth speak ing of; no one could filch from him his good name Tor the reason that there was no good, about him. Nevertheless, ho was considered, "a good match” foe Harriet by Mrs. Dillwortby.' Shu remarked ono day to her' daughter ^ >■- ■, • Mr. Miller is a thorough gentlemau,” . • ' :• “ I thought he was dissipated,” replied Harriet- * *■ _ 1 \ Mm. Dillwoi thy raided. *• * ■ /. ... Well, he has a few ’abits, but they are only gentlemanly ouea.” . . ■ •» I call him u very fatiguing persun,’ flam Harriet. “ I don’t trust men who speak with the soft pedal dmvn, aud rub thiir bands as if vrasbiutf them. 1 oin ssys Tom ? Who’s hu— Dauforlh ? It docsn t signify what ho says about my friends, the for ward fellow! If be isn’t careful he’ll leave before his work is finished.” And Mrs. Dill worthy walked away with'dignity m every lino of her figuie. As she disappeared Tom came around tbe corner with a largo bimeh of sweet pcaa in bis band, which be had gathered for Harriet. She' tonic them with a low 44 Tbahk you,'*’ her pretty blush rivalling ilio colour of the blossomih Tom looked at her admiringly as be said.— »• Xhc moon will be bright this evening, antt tho roads are prime. - Don’t you yvnnt to go *t© ^ tho office with moi?”. Harriet glanced at him and eaw an immlstak', able expression in his eyes. She. blushed! brighter as she looked down, and said “Yes” so sweetly that Tom felt she b»d answeVed ■ both the unspoken and spoken question, and went off to:bis work radiant and happy, '/ : . ] -:v Mrs.' Dillworthy was intent bh' household, tasks, so this short*, interview - was Htimeiiced; but when Harriet asked if she might go for tho mail her mother said promptly— , : ’ %' “ Let Tom go by’iraself.” • !‘ Harriet felt disappointed, but dsred not pro- , test. Tom was nob'easily rebuffed, however..* When ho saw Mrs. Dillwortby walking down to tho pasture to inspect- some stock, lie threw down bis axe nud went to the’dpen window where Harriet’s golden head could bo ieen like ?v spot of sunlight as .she leaned out to train'an ivy against the casement. -: Ho watched iho white hands a minute, then captured one aud raised it to bis lips. . “Harriet,” her*td, “I_heard your mother nfuse to allow you to.go to.the office. I know she looks down oh mof_do‘yoti also despise me, dear?” Harriet’s hand trembled. 6he tried to draw it away, saying shyly— • * 14 Oh, please, Tom, don’t!” *• - “ But, Harriet, I love you,” persisted Torn, emboldened by her confusion. 44 I want you for my wife. Will you marry me, sweetheart?” Harriet’s blue eyes . glanced . out of Iho window, not meeting her lover’s, eager look. Tbe upland slope and 'level plains, a sunlit .sea of green, were radiant with a newly-»equired glory. ■ Should slie, could she, trust this rudly1 young strangrr with her heart,-her life!' Tho sveonda seemed hours to 'Toin,'6catehin*lfcr facd anxiously meanwhile.. She turned to him' at last, and through his eyes saw. his soul, sound and clear and whole, answering h$r unfepokou thought, and reading it in the light of,her own love, she said “ yes.” ^ They were blissfully happy when.up came Mrs-. Dill worthy. “ ’Arriefc Dill worthy, do my eyes deceive me ?” she cried; “kissing the’ircd man ! Oh ! nh! ‘ Yoa’ll break my ’eart!” ’ . ■ Tam dropped Harriet’s ' hrfed, and though somewhat confused .stood by his guim like a • - “ Mm. Dillworthy,”, he Baid, 44 I have asked Harriet to marry.me. . Will yon let roe have her? I love her very dearlyj and will try to make her a good husband. I have some money saved and a—’"" ‘ But Mrs. Dillwortby angrily waived further speech. V ‘ . i ' “ Leave the ’ouAe,_sir, atooce!_ ’Arriot, shut that window ! I’ll Bettie your bill to-morrow •night, young- man. But you must leave at oiice or Til make yon.” •* *♦ f . Tom bowed andleft her, and Mrs. Dillworthy' Bought her daughter. ■ " r ' >. . “To think you should take up with Danforrb, wh‘U Mr..Miller ’as juvt written to ask me for \- your ’and and ’eart 1 I blush for you, miss.” But weeping Harriet only sobbed— “ I love Tom and 1 hate that old beast !”t “Rubbish! 1 ou’ll like him well enough ■when-you’re his wife.” ' . That I will never be ! Dll run to the ends, of tbo earth first,” cried Harriet. 14 Donlfe drive me too far, mamma ! I’m a woman now,;, aud know my own mind.” .. ■ , “ Go to your room, miss !” said' Mrs. Dill worthy, angrily. 44 We’ll talk of., this • when that fellow is out of tbe way.. 1.believe he’s robbed you of all .your common sense,, that-I.; do.” - _ . Harriet obeyed, weeping unrestrainedly, and Airs. Dillworthy felt the way of duty to be a thorny one. ' The next morning great was her consterna tion to find Harriet missing. Only ono con clusion could she come to. She had eloped with Tom Danforth. She wept, and,.like Rachel of old, would not be comforted. Jane stood by in sympathetic silence, till her mis tress vehemently exclaimed— . “ Oh, it’s his doings—tho serpent that he is! ’Arriet was always obedient and docile until she saw him.” ' ' •rI never would have thought Misa Htrriet had thtr strength of mind* to go off with Tom,” ventured Janet. » ■ « - “Strength of .don’t mind!” snapped'Mrs. Dillwortby, her anger getting the better of her* sorrow for a moment. The fairness of the morning was all unnoticed though twinkling dew beads were strong on* every blade of grass, and a show of blossom petals perfumed the air from th6 orchards.; Mrs. Dillworthy shut herself up in her room, and . rocked to and fro, crying aloud—^ 44 She will never come back, and I who loved: ’er, drove her to it! Oh, my child ! my child*1! Come to your ’eartbroken mother!” . * * / Tho day passed and evening came.' ' Its beantyr; tempted the sorrowing woman out on tba broad ' porch. . She looked arpund h^r.,. Tjbe rising, ;andvst»r8 ihickfy studded' thoi'hlue ^ky. But nothing brought her comfort^ . ‘ ‘1 c l 44 Oh, ’Arriefei- where are you’now^?” shei moaned. “Yon said you would go to the'eridir oF the earth. Arc you lost to . me .forever ? Oh, why was I so ’ard ? My ’eart is breaking—*, breaking! ” Her Bobs reached the cars of Janet,.who came hurriedly to her. * 14 Come, ma’am, don’t take on so,” she said , soothingly. 44 Miss Harriet—” •. 4* Never mention her name again [ ” cried Mrs. Dillwortby with a quick revision of feeling. 44 She is dead to me now.” . 44 Nonsense, ma’am! Suppose she has married Tom, what then ? He’s a likely ^oung raau and above his work. He told me hard times brought him down to wood chopping.”* 44 Up you mean,” sniffed Mrs. Dillworthy*. * Waggon wheels were heard just then. The. gate swung open, footsteps came hastily along , up to the porch, and Harriet’® freffi, swtet; voico called out— 44 Oh, mamma, mamma ! I’ve got my hat, « and it’6 a beauty. Were yod frightened at my absence ?”■ ■ - . . v ? She had reached the porch by this time and ‘ put up her lips to kiss her mother; but tfikt { lady atepi-|od .ba^k frotn.the offered caress.-.4 i 44 ’Arriet^” she said! 6ternly,“did you not elope with Tom Danforth'?”. Harriet laughed, though the blushes^came. . ’ ■ 44 Why, mainnia, how silly of you! Had you:’ forgotten I was to go to the city to-day to get my hat ? I thought if I went up early I should he back in time for lunch ; but the train was delayed by a washout. Tom drove mo to ’tho Etatiou os he had business in towu, I have not You know you told him you [ ■gia rifrt tf antbntf any t .MT3, Diilwortby "hud- heard inov'shT?£ha iX)ok Harriet in her motherly arms and kissed lierheartilf^fiayi ug-ff- / - - . 1 Well, ’Ariiet, I was an old goose, I forgot aU about thoso kewpona.” Thehathad-scarcfcly been sufficiently admired .when onotiter carriage, bad arrived, ami Tom’s •wcll'knowu whistle wbb heard as be .cam© up the path. In * her , joy . lit recovering Harriet Mrs. - Dillwortby.-greolcd him pleasantly, md < went to her desk to get the mdney,duo to him. .ButjTppi said '<* . fr ,v - . 14 One .moment, please, Mrs. DUlworthy: 1 * •want lo-jnkvyou again for Miss Harriet’* hand, and I hope yuu will reconsider ybur answer, I am in a tetter.j>o5it'on now than I was yester day. , My uncle has ju?t died aud left mo a 6nug lit tie sum in railroad stock'and. Govern ment bonds. 1 bave'lhe luilf-ycarly coui>on.< of both with me, arid the lawyers letter loo.* Will you look over them ? I Jove Harriet dearly, and I know she cares for me. Won’t you say yes to us both ? . Mrs. Dill worthy’s' i ace was a study as she mechanically took’I om’s papers. Silently she lookrd over them, and saw that they were genuine. Finally she spoke : •* Take her. Tom,*and if I ever meddle with Kcwpous in this* Amenea uv»in* l'*5rV^fve to be hung. ’Arriet’a wild goose chase after a ’at for ahewpon mode me-feel old, Mill -its kewpons that give you the right to' lake herefrom me. but bless yon b£4b,” she added; hording out her ' arms. •14 l:’opofdhd trust you'll be ’appy.” • The litt'e scoue which followed was inter rupted by Janet,had stolen into Ihe robm;' to listen. v it -1A Jrt; ’ »'* - -•' • ; ‘ *. 7^%. ■44 Jupiter r’ahe'otclojraed ; 11 a husband for44 a kewpoir!*- ‘Gufcas I’ll stiyfi Vm,up’myself after 14 Janet!” said Mrs. DiUtriyrtKyv reprovingly.* • “ Don’t ^cobklibppfnftfhinu,” FnbgScd Harriet. 4t.Gonu} hero,*Jari6tv'aud Wish'incr^y.” ‘ 44 Jndecd,. 1 do, miss'<vithvmy -"whole heart,; and yo\l l bo. Mr! Dan forth.* Avttl I've got same' hews for :you:'7 The ‘buj’cherV boy told ine this, morning that old"Miller’ had failed and jos^t .every cent, of -Ins money. :‘So he wasn’t such-a ■good' match ofler’all,'riwanu” . . * V' '•'* “ IVc been h’silly old ..woman,” srid Mrs. • Dill worthy, ’chblciug ’ a iitfle, 44 Forgive me, But Harriet's arms were about her ueck, and furl her speech was checked by a kiss. " '• \- Mrs. Dilhvtft’thy,* mindful of past sorrow, still refuscsto'have anything to do with coupeni'in any form ; but .Tom and flsirrict will always \ Iove‘theni7 and in tbejr bpmti.mRy pcs.-ibly hang j the motlo, •** God bless the coupon.” | ! 