THE BLACK FORTY. A Story of Early Australia. CHAPTER XVIII. A BAD SATURDAY NIGHT. The artist and Dennison grew silent and thoughtful, and were filled with many unpleasant reflections. Dennison was thinking deeply of what might happen should father and son meet. It would mean disgrace, possibly ruin, at least a complete removal to another place, away from those who might mock his shame. The artist was the first to break the silence : " I would not, if I were you meet trouble half way. You may be sure that man will have a short career here. That is of course if he stops. But it is possible that he may be awaiting his chance to appropriate a good horse and be off." " He would be well rid of at any price." " I do not look at it in that light. We all hare a duty to perform you know and should do it." " Yes, yes, I know. But do you think that devil contemplated making a raid upon us ? We must checkmate whatever he contemplates here. Perhaps a game of blackmail. If so, he will find his error out quickly. My God, the accursed tree of a woman's frailty is now bearing fruit indeed. Heaven say we may pluck it before it ripens." " With a little practical work we may. That man must have some friends here. He could not hang around without support. We must investigate." " I can easily get one of the boya to wander about the district looking for a stray horse. I fancy the region of Barrett's hut might disclose something. Yet we have more than once harboured suspicions in that quarter and upon searching have not found anything. At any rate, I will hare them all muster for the prayer meeting tomorrow, and after that is over we will settle down to work in earnest." " If you will take my advice you will not do that. I have a particular reason for not wishing that preacher to know anything of what is going, on." " Why pray ? Surely you would never harbour a suspicion against him ? I do not like him I confess, but I do not believe that he is bad." " I did not say that he was. But his sort can never keep their mouths closed and you never know where their gossip may drift to." " True, I will be careful. I fancy you will be a great help to us. You seem to take a very clear view of things." " An outsider always can do that you know. But here comes Tom. Let us change the subject." " Do you not think that it would be as well to send that lad out of the way somewhere until this is all over ? It would be a fearful thing if they met you know, and that might be possible." " True, it is more than possible as things look now. It is quite probable and if you had a place to send him to I should advise you to do so without delay for fear of accidents." " It it worth considering I fancy." Young Thomas Slagge had finished his labours at the wool-shed and had come into the house. He was tired after a long day's work and not sorry that the next day was Sunday, as he said. They anticipated that Mary had decided to stay all night at Carle's, as it was after nine o'clock now and she would not be out so late. " I suppose she has met that howler Simpson over at Carle's, and is so wrapt up with him that she has made up her mind to stay," said Tom, with such bitterness that even Mrs. Dennison, who came into the room just then, could not suppress a smile. They spoke of the crops and the sheep, and one hundred and one things of their every day life, of great interest to them, but of little to the artist apparently ; for he, after stifling a yawn several times, declared his inability to realise any enthusiasm at all over the relative qualities of hoop horns, or Herefords, or poleys, or any other kind of beast, excepting when it appeared in the shape of a roast joint upon the table, and went to bed. " Father," said Tom soon after he was gone, " I must always call you and know you both as father and mother --" " We wish you to, my boy," said Mrs. Dennison, " for your father died long ago." " Yes, so I have been told. I would that I could forget him. But what I wanted to say was, and I have been thinking about it all the time I have been hauling at that wool press. Don't you think you ought to tell Mary about my father — my real father, I mean ?" " Certainly, my boy, if you like ; but where is the necessity ?" " I have been thinking of asking her to marry me. If she says no I have a fancy for doing an overland trip across to the Port Phillip side. They say someone has found gold there and if so it will be a new life for me." " My son," said Dennison, " I would not like to lose you even for a week much less altogether. You are like our own. I have seen your attachment for Mary growing up daily and am rejoiced in it. She will make you a good wife." " But she may refuse me,"said Tom. " She will not," put in Mrs. Dennison. " Of that I am certain. We women are the best judges of these little affairs. You men are at the best mere bunglers and would not have the pluck to ask a girl if you were not absolutely cornered." " I have, Tom, a journey for you of about a month," said Dennison, " and one which I am sure will prove interesting." " A journey, father ?" " Yes, my boy. I do not wish to break in upon your courtship for it must go on of course, and in it I foresee a long happy future for us all. God is indeed good to us. But I want you to superintend the driving of a small mob of cattle aoross to the Minera Plains and dispose of them as I direct you. You may bring back some on your return journey. It will give you all the benefit of the experience, and in the meantime during your absence everything will be smoothed for you." " When do I start if I go ?" " During the week. I only made up my mind tonight, Tom, so that you can leave the wool — " " I finish on Wednesday." " So be it. Well, my boy, I see a long bright future for you and for us all. I can give thanks to Providence for blessing my old age with a rich harvest of happiness and peace. This is more than I have ever hoped for." * * * * * * ** * * * * * ** * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * When Mary reached the timber-belt skirting the river through whioh a cattle track wound to the water, her horse, a bad tempered animal, which had been using his power to go away at full speed since he was mounted, shied. A pretty little furry creature soft and shy as a squirrel came out of the fern to look for his evening meal. Dismayed at the sudden appearance of the horse and his rider, he gave a frightened call and as is usual with men and animals when startled ran in exactly the opposite direction to that in which it ought to have gone, namely, right under the horse's hoofs. The animal snorted loudly in anger and plunged off the track. With head down to the ground between his knees and back arched like a bow he plunged madly four or five times, and finding that his burden was not loosened from his back, threw up his head and bolted. Mary was a splendid horsewoman and kept her seat well. Her only anxiety was for the little paok strapped under the off side of the saddle, which becoming partially unfastened, rattled against the animal's ribs, adding considerably to his excitement. A bolt in mixed country is one of the most unpleasant experiences for riders to settle, and Mary knowing this did little else but devote her energies to guiding him clear of obstacles. In this she succeeded awhile, until the horse shying again at some imaginary object, plunged into the bracken, and coming down over a hidden log, threw his rider headlong. When she sat up and attempted to collect her scattered senses it was almost dark. The sky had darkened, showing here and there a star, and the pale, white, sickly light of the horizon in the West noted where the sun had gone down an hour before. Her head felt sore and dizzy, and the trees seemed to whirl in fantastic circles around her. She had been stunned by the fall. Little by little, her senses came back to her, and then she looked around to fix her locality. She had fallen against the upright right slabs of a deserted hut - that place of evil omen and which to her was always, it seemed, a spot of misfortune. She knew the river was close at hand, and feeling thirsty she rose determined to take a a drink and bathe her head awhile before setting off to walk home. The horse was gone without a doubt, and she reproached herself for not listening to her kind foster father who had advised her to be more steady in her conduct. Suddenly the deep lonely stillness of the glade was broken by the faint murmur of voices. They seemed to proceed from the hut, and as Mary listened, all her old superstitious fears of the tales which she had been told of the ghost of the murdered man flashed through her mind, and she felt afraid. The next moment, however, she was reassured, for she recognised one voice as being familiar. Thinking it was the artist on his way to fish, she was about to announce herself when the speaker came between her and the light, and she saw that it was Silas Simpson, the preacher. Then she paused, and what she heard made her heart stand still. " It is getting too hot for me here," he was saying. " And I tell you I will soon be off." " It's no use going without another cut," replied the other. " And there's one thing I mean to do, and that is to put a bullet through that black devil Jackey before I do go." " I would like to see him safe underground or with the river over him." " I wouldn't. Look how they found Denham. By the way, Silas, do you think they have any evidence ? Have you found that little knife yet ?" " No. And that makes me feel afraid. I do not feel safe at all. Half the people here seem to suspect me, and if only of them knew that Silas Simpson was the principal of a gang of horse thieves whose ranks included the redoubtable Flying Doe, there wouldn't be a very long shift for any of us." " I'm afraid your parson's choker wouldn't be of service to you then. But what do you propose doing now ?" " Well, if we can get Harker to clear out -" " Do you suspect him ?" " I don't know. He may or may not be a traitor to us—" " Shh ! What's that ?" " I thought I heard something rustling." " A possum or a bandicoot probably, but come let us move from here and join the others. We can talk as we go. As I said, if we could get rid of Harker -" " I'd damn soon get rid of him with a good knife." knife." " Well, anyway, I would be game to take the place and make it a receiving paddock for horses until we had it well filled, and then hey for liberty and a fortune. We could lift them away to the Bathurstside, and after selling, divide and scatter for good. But oome this way, you'll pitch into a gully directly if you don't mind. How dark it is to be sure. Now step carefully and - ah ! why who is this ?" For the pair of villains turning to move away had pushed aside the bushes which separated and partly concealed Mary Bassett from them, and the next moment stood in the presence of the dazed and frightened girl. The preacher collected himself at once. His great and long-practised cunning came to his aid, and with a smile he spoke very softly. " Ah, Mary my child, how you frightened me to be sure. What on earth are you doing in the bush like this all alone ? Ah, Mary, Mary, this is not proper for a young lady. I'll have to --" " Oh, don't touch me," said the trembling girl, shrinking from him in dread. " Keep away, you monster." " Mary, suoh language is decidedly improper __" " Devil ! Oh, you fiend in human shape ! Keep off me or I'll call for help." " I don't think there would be many to hear you." " Yes, yes, Mr. Darrell is near at hand. He comes here at this time to fish. Away you dreadful man and escape whilst you hare a chance ! Oh villains, villains, to think that I - " Simpson seized her roughly by the arm. " Silence, you - " he hissed, " or by God you'll close your mouth for ever." " Oh let me go, you villain, let me go !" " Very likely. You'd run across and wake up the place on us. No, my forest duck, you won't have the pleasure of attending the prayer meeting tomorrow, but I will." " Oh, monster, rnonster !" " Shut her up, Simpson," said Miller, " or she'll bring the country down on us with her yells. Knock her brains out." Mary broke away with a shriek of terror and bounded off over the logs and ferns with the pair of ruffians at her heels. Simpson rapidly gained upon her because she was still somewhat till dizzy after the fall and her limbs were trembling with the shock of the dreadful discovery she had just made. But she ran on and struggled to escape. The preacher called to her : " Mary," he said, " stop and you shall not be harmed. Stop, or by God I'll put a bullet through you." But still unheeding, the girl ran on and tried to reach the river where she believed her friends were. Simpson called again : " Stop or I'll fire." Still she paid no heed to the warning, but kept on running. Then Simpson paused a moment, levelled bis pistol, and fired. A wild shriek rang out, and the figure ahead of him staggered for a moment in the gloom and then ran on. The next moment he was at her heels, and with an oath, raising the heavy pistol which he had just discharged beat her over the head until she sank down in a heap, limp and lifeless in the bracken. To Be Continued. 