A STRANGE CLUE. Oswald declares that I have saved him. I write the story of the moBt momentous episode in his life and mine, in order that this generons delusion may once for all be corrected, and that the others, at least—for he is obstinate— may understand how slender and fortui tous was my share in that singular deli verance. It seems to me that my narra tive will gain in clearness and coherence if I begin with the day on which I first made Oswald Wardour’s acquaintance. I had arrived in town late and un attended, except by my maid. It was my expectation that upon the arrival platform I should find in waiting either my unde or Mr Hollinswor.h, h's chief clerk. But I was subjected to disap pointment. I scanned the many different groups of bystanders in vain, and was confiding to a porter information on the topic of baggage when a young man, whom I had observed inspecting the compartment nearer to the engine, ad vanced and lifted his hat. “ Miss Craig, I believe P’’ he said. I was taken aback, for the speaker was a strabger to me, and I marvelled not only what his business might be, but how he had obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, with fair curly hair, and grey-blue eyes as frank and genial in Ihtir expression as the summer sunshine. I am afraid I was frigid and haughty in my affirma tive, which in tarn was an interrogation. “ I have come,” he said, “ in response to the wish of Mr Geoffrey Craig. Our principal has an engagement at this hoar which he is reluctantly compelled to fulfil; and Mr Hollinsworth is unfortu nately invalided. You will permit me to see to your baggage, Miss Craig ?” He was one of my uncle's staff, then —a new-comer. “ Thank you bo much ; I shall be ex tremely obliged,” I answered. My uncle’B carriage wa9 in readiness— upon this point at least I need have entertained no doubts. When seated within it, I soon learned from my com panion that his name was Oswald War dour. He was deferential, but it was the ' deference of one bred to habits of cour tesy. There was neither presumption nor servility in his manner. He waB self- possessed and unassuming. Simply a clerk ! It was hard to believe it." In my not very extended travels I had met many a wealthy and titled individual who, to all outward seeming, was less deserving the title of gentleman. Even in the first hour of reunion with my dear uuole and guardian, I somehow found opportunity to turn the conversa tion in the direction of his messenger. He rallied me with the slightly elephan tine mirth which I knew to be a sign of his content at my re-appearance. “ Yon are as much like the daughter of Eve as when you teased your father to let you sit on the clockwork that moved the ship’s compass 1 Ha. ha 1 It was a favorite joke with Ferdinand, poor fellow”— the laugh turned in‘o a sigh. “ And Wardonr has bewildered your girlish wits, has he ? Well, what the surface shews is neither more nor less than the fact. He looks a gentle man, and he talks like one ; and he is one. His people have been rich in their day ; bnt a lawsuit has come on the heels of other disasters, and left Oswald —their laBt representative—with bnt a barren patrimony—barren in the literal sense of the word, for it mainly cousists of a few hundred acres of miserable, half- reclaimed land somewhere in the north.” I still wondered why it was that the young man had not preferred the open ing of a profession to the drudgery and humble status of a desk iu a ship broker’s office, and I made some careless remark of the kind. A momentary shade of disapproval rested upon my uncle’s countenance. By implication, though quite inadver tently, I had reflected apon his own choice of a career. “ Let me tell yon that, in my opinion, Wardonr has acted wisely,” he Baid. “Mercantile pursuits are as deserving of honor and respect as any others, and they more fireqaently lead to compe tence. Wardour has gone the right way ia work, in his effort to conquer fortune by the exchange of law for trade.” Here was a supplementary disclosure. The yonng man’s ambition had at one time soared to what in my heart of hearts I fear I still regarded as a higher leveL With an apology, perhaps a little wanting in candor, on my part the con versation tamed into another channel. This, as I have hinted, was the com mencement of the reproduction of a story old bnt ever new. What woman can ever commit to cold, callonB paper the record of her wooing, or even breathe the cherished secret into the cars of her bosom friend? I at least should find this task impossible. It is cnongh to state briefly that, dnriog the engthening days of that blissful spring, Oswald and I met often, at first casually, and then by design ; that feel ings of mntnal interest deepened into regard ; and, before either of ns knew, it had undergone yet another and more momentous evolution, and had become —love. The awakening was brought about by circnmstances which threatened to quench in miserable gloom the strug gling flame. It is necessary to explain something of the architecture and interior arrange ments of the qnaint, old-fashioned build ing. It is one of the few in the city still possessing a garden—a green gem in the grim, unsightly setting of encir cling brick and mortar. The counting house and business premises occupied an entire and commodious suite of rooms at the west corner of the edifice. They were carefully divided and made distinot from the still larger section of Raleigh House, which for forty years had been my uncle’s bachelor residence. There was a room built out from the main portion of the eastern pile, and I connected by a covered passage with the! conservatory, which was devoted to my own use. In it I set up my easel and gave free rein to the enthusiasm for art which my stay in Romo had quickened ; and it was the custom for Mr Hol^ns worth an! OswaldWardour to leave the counting-house from the house—they were invariably last—and sending in their keys' by a trusted butler, a man who had been in my uncle’s employ for a quarter of a century, to pass under the windows of my studio to the gate at the end of the broad path I trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. It was excessively close for the lost week of May—there was surely thunder in the air. I was tired of paioting, and I had retnated from the slowly slanting blaze of sunlight which had crept half way up my easel to a shady corner be hind the screen that masked the entrance to tho conservatory. The steps I knew so well soon sounded on the asphalted path without. The window was open and I heard voices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked furtively in, and fan cied the room wes vacant, whilst I smiled in my roguish mischief at his error—a smile that quickly faded. “ Yes, it is a round two huudrei that I need, and that, by hook or by crook, I must have. Can you accommodate me at a pinch, Hollins worth ?” Oswald said. They had halted ; and in my own despite I was forced to play the eaves dropper, to hear, with tingling cheeks, my own name brought into the discus sion. “Possibly I can. But you must answer a question before I give you a definite decision,” said tbo senior clerk in smooth tone3, that somehow made me shiver. “Do I argue correctly from observation in believing that you are aiming at high game, Wardour—that you propose to win the hand of Miss Bertha Craig 7” Plainly Oswald hesitated. My poor foolish heort seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, in an ontbnrst of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker’s agitation. “ You have—divined—very strangely —I regret it—my secret. I love Bertha. You are the first to hear the confession.” He little guessed that he had two listeners. “ It will go no far ther I am convinced, from your lips, Mr Hollinsworth. What bearing has this on my request?” The other gave a dry cough. “ The fact constitutes a sort of secu rity, don’t you see ?” he said. They had resumed their progress to wards the gate. I was alone in my new found joy. My heart went out yearoing in a full and free response. Oswald should ask but to have. * Yet even at this stage there were storm clouds on the horizin. My unole, who for so many years had stood to me in the place of both my dead parents— and a mother could scarcely have been more tender, a father more patient and forbearing—would probably object, and consider himself victimised by those he had befriended. I was but a child in his eyes still, though' birthday was passed ; aud I had a conviction that he had formed quito a different plan for my future. Again, there could be no very cheerful meaning to Oswald Wardour’s urgent need of so consider able a sum as £200. My forebodings with respeot to my uncle’s opposition speedily were justified by the event. He drew me quietly one morning into the big, desolate chamber which was called a library, and so rarely used. “ I have heard a whisper, Bertha, which I hope has no foundation in fact,” he said. “ I will keep my own counsel as to its precise terms. I have two things to say. Your cousin, Roger Hilton, is coming to England in the autumn from his firm’s branch at Hong kong. He will be made a partner at Chnstmas. I want you to be friends.” Hetemphasised the word. “ The other matter concerns Wardour. I would like to help him up the ladder, but you must not< tempt him to presume. You and he had better be practically strangers to one another. If there is any danger of mis take, I will at once fill Wardour’s place with a substitute ; there are plenty to be had.” It was in every sense plain speaking. Twice I had attempted—in vain—to in terrupt, and when my ancle had finished he waved me sternly into silence. “ Not now ; some other time, Bertha,” he said, and was gone. Perhaps it was well that my indig nant self-defence and championship of Oswald was ruthlessly suppressed. 1 am of an impulsive temperament, as doubt less has been disclosed, and might have pitifully blundered. But my brain was in a whirl, aud I was embittered against Mr Hollinsworth, who, beyond reason able question, had made traitorous use of ithe admission wrung from his too confiding colleague. This disagreeab'e episode was but the early muttering of the coming tempest Two days later the storm broke in its fury. My uncle had been robbed. A forgery bad come to light, and every atom of evidence combined to fix the gnilt of the nefarious deed upon Oswald Wardour. “ The chain of proof is oomplete and irrefragible, Bertha. I earnestly wish I could escape the conclusion to which it points,” said my unole, sitting in his smoking-chair and watohing with a curiouB, troubled pity, my pale and pleading countenance. “Yon will forgive me that I have still faith in Mr Wardour's integrity,” I said. Very strange and far off my words sonnded in my own ears. “ Certainly. I wish I could share it. I knew Wardonr’s mother once ; she was a noble woman, and pure as the driven snow. It was for hor sake that I listened to the yonng fellow's applica tion. And the blow will kill her.” Had I been less absorbed by the one aim whioh was now before me, I should have detected in this outburst the echoes —jet reverberating down the years—of an old romance. Tho interpretation was to come later. “ Then at least yon will refrain from pressing the prosecution I said, plucking up hope. Alas! for a.girl’s ignorance I “ It is the bank, not I, on whose ini tiative Wardour will be committed,” my uncle answered, “and once the charge has come under their cognisance, there is no option bat to proceed. At the trial the incriminating circumstances— black ai they appear, I am constrained to admit, even to me—may be explained and W ardour may be acquitted ; bat until then—” I heard no more. They told me after wards that I had swooned. There were two dread fal appearances in a police coart, of which, like an epi cure in anguish, I studied all the details in the daily journals. I was not forbid den, for I think my undo fancied that so only could my mind be effectually freed from the delusion of Oswald VVar dour’s ionocence. The case was indeed dark against the prisoner, and there were momants when confidence reeled and I feared that T might hare to drink my cup of-bitter ness to the dregs, and with my own reasoning faculties acquiesce in a verdict of condemnation. But the memory of many and many a quiet chat in which Oswald’s high aspirations and upright character had stood revei'ed came back like a procossion of mournful ghosts and reproached me with my doubts. Gathered into a narrow space, the testimony on which the chargo wis based was as follows : ■ Oswald Wardour had admitted to Mr Hollinsworth tthe pressing want of precisely the snm ob tained as the frnit of the nnscrupdlons deceit. He had tried to borrow the amount and ultimately failed To the truth of the greater part of this sworn evidence ofdhe senior c’.erk I, too, could have witnessed, had the prosecution had any inkling of the circumstances; lcckily they were in darkness.' Tho cheque that bore the forged signature was one that had been drawn “to bearer,” for Mr Craig’s approval and completion, on the previous even ing ; and as, contrary to expectation,, my uncle had not reappeared in the counting- house after nooin, had been left in a private letter-rack until th* morning. But on the morrow it had mysteriously vanished—until a con fidential warning sent to the bank had revealed that it had already boen negotiated by Oswald Wsrdoar. Tho fraud was at once detected. The prisoner’s defence was declared by the newspapers to be “daring,” which was their euphemism for im probable and unsatisfactory. Without equivocation, Oswald acknowledged that he had asked Mr Hollinsworth to loan him two hundred pounds for three months. He further affirmed that his senior had alternated between willing ness and nnwillingness to grant his petition for momentary aid. But what was his meditated use for the money he refused to say ; and the silence was in terpreted against him. Finally—on the night in question— he had casually met Hollinsworth, and had been recommended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morning at a coffee room in Canton-street. £u?p:ctiag no evil, he went to Torlenti’s restaurant, and, met there a middle-aged man, with massive features, raven black hair and a hawk like nose—such was Oswald’s descrip tion, and it fixed itself in my memory— who said that he was a junior partner in Wiltonwort and Company, a new firm recently founded in the samo fine as the gre*at honBe of “ G. Craig.” He knew and respected Mr Hollins wortb, and on his introduction would oblige Oswald, It was. a surprise said the accused—to find the draft thus offered bore Mr Craig’s name; but a plausible account of a business transac tion was carelessly given, and Oswald } did not dream of treachery. Even when the unsigned cheque w»s missed, a vague ! sense of uneasiness was all that troubled him, until his feet were actually caught in tho net. This tale pointed to a conspiracy, of which no fragment of corroboration was forthcoming. Mr Hollinsworth denied every word of it that inculpated himself, and was believed—except by one weak girl. I had never liked this man. although at one time or another and in divers ways I had seen much of him, and had been impressed by his great mercantile knowledge and his impassable demeanor. Still, my uncle had always implicitly trusted him. The case against Oswald as it Btood, awaiting the last word of so-called jastice, was currently held to be tested and determined by a single qnestion : Where was the shadowy individual who played so conspicuous a part in the prisoner’s narrative? Wiltonwort and Compaoy knew nothing of him. Let the accused produce him, or pat the police npon his track. My uncle was very kind to me in those days. He coaid not help seeing that I was suffering, and the cruse was not far to seek. Bat he refrained from harassing inquiries and from expostula tion. He probably reproached himself for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My knowledge of what was in Oswald’s heart was snrreptitions; he had never told me that he loved me nor had he asked me to be his wife. “ London is not sniting yon in these close days, Bertha,” said my ancle gravely one evening, in the interval that was to precede Oswald’s trial at —name of horror and doom!—the Old Bailey. “Suppose you run down to Edgerly’s placa in Warwickshire for a week or two ; they’ll be delightod to make you welcome.” These were the friends of my Italian pilgrimage, and I was snre that the suggestion was not broached at hap hazard. There had doubtless been a correspondence. I hesitated. Then— “ If you wish it, I think I will go, ancle,” I said. My preparations for the jonrney were not elaborate. Mrs Brett, the house keeper, was a person of forethonght and resource, and a few hoars sufficed to have my travelling boxes iaspected and packed, and my ancle saw me into a reserved first class carriage at Easton. The train by which I travelled stopped at all the chief junctions from Willsden to its goal. It was immedi ately after passing one of these stages that a seemingly trivial circnmetance occurred, npon which, with a mental vision less qnickened by suffering, I should perhaps have bestowed no particular attention. Certain frag ments of tom paper flattered in the breeze past my open window, and one of them—somewhat larger than its com panions—became fixed between the ; mahogany slide and the blind cord. It quivered like an ensnared living thing. Suddenly I started, and a queer thought dominated my brain. The clear, fine caligraphy was wondronBly like the writing of my nnole’s chief clerk. I examined the sorap narrowly, and my snspicion was confirmed. The very paper had the waterline of that used in my uncle’s office, and was ■ of sianilai rexure. I read : —dour will be con— —at number eight Tour street— —letters will be sure— A whisper—which was the product, doubtless of my heated imagination, but which souoded as the voice of one even than languishing in prison—filled in the missing syllables in the first line, and I repeated mechanically. “ Wardour will be convicted. He shall not!” I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon the wiads this letter? Goald it be the trickster of Torlenti's restaurant ? This inspiration was justified by what my eyes beheld at the very next station. To scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the train was oow my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly repaid. At Densford my glance was riveted, as if by magnetism, upon a man who answered almost exactly to the word picture given from Oswald’s lips in the columns of the Duly Snn. There were the ponderous features, the coal-black hair and the scanty beard, the nose of distinctly Israehtish cast. I drew down my veil, and ob ivious to my luggage and its fate, of every thingsave the imperative necessity of tracking the apparently unperturbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a difficult pur suit, or I might have betrayed my pur pose. My quarry entered a third-rate inn at the bottom of the station hill; and as he was accompanied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side door of the bar, I had good ground for my hope that a stay was intended. I songht out the Densford post office, and immediately despatched a telegram to my uncle. I felt I had stumbled upon the trail of the real criminal in that dreadful business of the.forgery; or rather I should say criminals, for as a sequel showed, the guilt was almost equally divided. In the afternoon my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to my startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of his cogent representa tions a magisterial warrant was granted ; land, armed with this, the Densford | inspector of police arrested the man | called Edgar Hollinsworth. Discomfited and demoralized by the swift suddenness of the blow, the victim threw himself on the clemency of the ‘magistrate, in other words made full confession. It was a disclosure full of pain for the upright merchant whose trust had been abused. Again I will try to condense an intri cate narrative. James Hollinsworth, my unole’s senior olerk and cashier, had allowed to grow up in his heart a jealous hatred of Oswald Wardour. He feared that in due time Oswald might Btep above him into the partnership at which for so miny years he—Hollins worth had aimed. Hollinsworth had a scape grace brother called Edgar, long ac counted dead, who had reappeared at one of these evil junctures which are the touchstones of men’s characters. He had visited my uncle’B clerk in the office at an hour when Oswald was away at the docks, and had tried to levy black mail. Then came the temptation, to which the elder brother had succumbed. Could not Oswald’s need of £200 be made the 'basis of a plot to ruin him t James Hollinsworth told his ally what was required, and purchased at a heavy price his assistance. How the scheme worked has already been made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and one which did not redound to the man’s credit, that, under pressure of these revelations, a waiter at Torlenti’s restaurant had his memory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occur rence within his master’s preoincts of the interview between E lgar Hollins worth and Oswald Wardour, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always believes that this waiter had been bribed to silence. It proved impossible to hush up the affair, and a sentence of penal servitude was passed upon both the brothers. “ And you saved me, Miss Craig,” Oswald said, when, for a few precious minutes on the morning of his release, we were alone. “ But for you I might be in yonder cell yet,” and he shuddered. “ Miss Craig—Bertha—is my guess a right one—that you care—that at least you can care—for me a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life are yours 7” Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know in what terms he did reveal the secret; but I stand to what I have written. At least I am correct in reporting my answer. “ I can care—everything,’’ I mur mured. A few months after, the one remain ing mystery was solve). Coal had been discovered on Oswald’s “barren acres in the north.” It was for purposes of ex periments, in wbicb he was sworn to secrecy, that he had required the loan of the £200. But, even without the pros pect of this wealth, my uncle wonld now have 'withdrawn his opposition to Oswald as my suitor. “Your love, child, has been tried in adversity ; may it be the stronger and more lasting,” he said. . We are grateful and content. 