JUAN'S SLAYER i . An awful crime had just been committed at Ortiz. The wealthy Juan Perea, he whom everybody liked, had been fount dead at his own 'door. 'Where was the murderer and who . could he be that would kill such a good old man, and rob him too ? That was tlie worst of it. There was no clue by which they could work, aqd the officers who came up from Guaymas went home -again at the end of a week, weary of their useless task. The good padre, who buried the murdered man out in the desolate Calforiiian graveyard of saud and cactus, where the sua was so hot it cracked all the wooden crosses, said a prayer that the villian might be brought to justice. But he had little hope that he would be. " He baa disappeared so completely the devil; must be protecting him," said the old women as they filed out through a broken space in the crumbling jwall that did dutyas agate. " Poor old Juan is dead, and he who murdered him is enjoying tbe blooiT stained gold he took from bis pockets," is what they thought as they slowly walked homo after the last sad words bad been said. They passed the house where the ' dead main had lived for so many years and shuddered when they saw the dark spot on the ground— stained with the blood of Juan that flowed from the ghastly knifo wound in his back. . Far away from Ortiz, in a beautiful village ofthe Sierra Maore, a young man had been try ing for weeks tii forgit something— trying to ' convince himself that he had not committed a great crime. He had plenty of gold and the love of a- beautiful maiden if be could only forget — yes, forget that he had killed his father. He could forget if it was not for that strange whirring '.. . sound like the flapping of the wings that con stantly flaunted him. He first heard it just its be struck the falsi blow, and since then it has never ceased day or night. What was that ? Surely not the wind. And, if it was not, why shquld Leonard Perea be afraid of a sound — be who had faced wild beasts and fought Indians? But be turned over in bed and pulled the clothes over bis head to keep away the sound — that awful souud that first whirred like a flock of pigeons and then died away like an infant's wail. . . " I'm sure it has nothing to do with the killing of the old man," said Leonard to himself, but somehow the whole scene would come up bet lire him. Again he was riding along the road to see the father he had deserted years ago. He was not going because he wauted to see the good old man, but because he wanted money. Money he must have at any cost. It was long past' mid- uigLt when he knocked nt the door, and his father came out to greet him. His father was glad to see him, Leonard remembers distinctly, and when he asked for money took cut a bag and gave him a good quantity of gold. But it was not enough— he must have it all. It was . such an easy thing to do. Only a thrust with the knife as the old man turned to go back into the house after bidding him farewell, and the gold was his. But what was that whirring sound ? The village was in darkness, hut it followed him as he sped down the street to liis horse, and kept near him as he flew over the country, farther and farther away from his crime. No, be never got away from it. The sound was always with him. Ugh! There it was again, and Leonard pullid the blankets over his head. Morning came. But the whirring sound came with it At night it was nearer than in the daytime, but it never ceased. "I won't pay any attention to it to-day/' said I eonard to himself as he went for his breakfast. "I am sure it is nothing and has i/vif-kirtrv fA utifkliMA " It was a beautiful day, and the sun had nearly reached the zenith. Leonard threw him self down on the ground in the shade of a tree to git a little sleep that he had been deprived of in the night, but had scarcely closed his eye "Whir — flap, flap, — whir." "Ugh." "Whir. Flap."' Leonard felt a cold breeze fan his cheek as he jumped to his feet, but there was nothing uear him. He was alone. By uigbt Leonard's brain was in. a whirl. , The sound was everywhere. Surely it was his father's ghost. Angels had wings, and the »ld man's spirit must be passing through the room. " Whir, whirr." " Let me out of this. I don't want the gold,' and Leonard flung the bag of yellow coin out of the window. Over the hills and mountains he sped, be knew not where. But the sound was with him. Again he was in the street before his father's house. Ob, if the old man were only alive, he could surely prevent the terrible sound ! Somebody was comiug, but Leonard hid in a shadow until they passed. Anyhow they don't kuow I did it," be thought " Whir, whir flap, flap." This time it was closer thaw it had been before. Surely that was a dark form flying through the air. " I'm not a bit frightened," the murderer thought, trembling in every limb. The dark form in the air drew nearer and nearer, and tho flapping whirring sound was fast and furious. " Keep away, fiends !' yelled Leonard, ami he thought he saw a dark, wicked form, with cloven toot and spiked tail. He covered his face with his hands and screamed iu agony. The dark form came nearer. " Mercy, mercy !" he howled. " Awful forms of darkness, keep away ! It was not I who killed him !" The flapping and whirring were close to him, and Leonard ronld see a pair of dark wings spread as if to infold him. He struck out with his band aud struggled wildly, but the wings came closer apd closer. He felt claws scratching bis face and htaaitrwiugs beating the air. Surely the di vil bad Eim. A pain shot through his eyes, everything grew black, and it seemed as if the flames of hell wereseethiug around him. He ceased struggling, fell to the ground and lay still in death. The next morning the peop'e of Ortiz fauud him ly ing in the same spot where his father's dead body had been discovered. The people were al most crazy with fear. The did padre shook his head and crossed himself. It was while they were carrying the body into the house that old Manuel noticed poor murdered Juan's pt t black eagle, that had been missing since be was killed, sitting on a wall near by. His feathers were torn and ragged, and he seemed interested in what was going on. But of course the eagle had nothing to do with the death of Leonard — at least that is what the padre said. 