THE "TIGER" AGAIN. A PASSING GLIMPSE. ON THE DANDENONG RANGES. THE GREAT "WHAT IS IT?" The "Tantanoola tiger," or a full bro- ther to that good old mystery, has been observed in the Dandenong Ranges, at a romantic spot about four miles from the settlement at Fern Tree Gully. "Tigers" apparently are not unknown in that wild district, for at varying times during the last nine or ten years, there have been thrilling stories told by lonely travellers of the dreadful sights they have seen in their wanderings. So great was the fear of wild animals at one time that no resident would venture forth into the hush without arms of some kind, but as they were never called upon to use their weapons the scare gradually subsided, and was forgotten. Now comes Mr F. W. Gessner, of Wel- lington road, Spring Vale, to revive the odd sensation. Mr Gessner is a well- known and highly respected man, whose business is that of a collector of ferns, etc. He is a quiet, sensible man, appar- ently not afflicted with a "bee in his bon- net" or "tigers in his bazaar," and his tale is not of the kind calculated to har- row up the soul and freeze the blood of our readers. He states that on Monday last he was engaged in his occupation in the Ranges, about four miles from the Gully, in the cool of the evening, be- tween five and six o'clock. The spot in which he was working was covered with ferns, bracken, and stunted under- growth. Happening to glance up, he saw passing along the slope about thirty yards away, a most extraordinary body, which, just as he looked, glided over a log and disappeared. Unfortunately for the completeness of this story, and also for the animal itself, Mr Gessner saw neither head nor tail. Like our description, the creature had no perceptible beginning or end, but too much cannot be expected of a real good thing like this. The surprised fern- gatherer, says that the portion of the body that he saw, extending from the shoulder to the flanks, was about four feet long, by about two feet in depth, while the tawny-colored skin was plainly and clearly marked by vertical stripes of black. That it formed part of the body of a tiger Mr Gessner is con- vinced, for in a long experience of many kinds of animals he has never before encountered anything so closely resemb- ling that creature. As he had no wea- pon Mr Gessner did not bother to inves- tigate the affair just then, but made for home, sweet home, as quickly as his limbs could carry him. The strange part of the affair is that, if there is really a tiger in the district, how has he managed to live without at- tacking the flocks. Mr Gessner says that there are any number of wallaby on the ranges, upon which the animal may sub- sist. The office tiger expert, while ad- mitting that this may be true, declares that a real tiger would not long remain in any neighborhood without making his presence disagreeably felt by his attacks upon the flocks and herds. However this may be, we hear that there is talk of a grand hunt being organised, for the purpose of putting an end to the mys- tery, or of "laying" what is suspected to be the ghost of the long defunct Tanta- noola tiger. 