sports anfl sportsmen. I Mu. Frank Stuart has just returned from old Fn land and pays that the nation is bicycle mad. South Melbourne and Collingwood playto-morro week for the football premiership of the colony W THERE were ,500 cyclists present at the Crnqq Country Championship Meeting, at Caulfield i"^ Saturday. . LOUD Brassey will call " his new yacht The Helen after his youngest daughter, who will, when the boat is launched, perform the naming ceremony. So pleased was Mr. Sep. Miller at winning «lft Oaklands Hunt Club Cup with The Spaniarcl.^that he has promised a splendid trophy for the race next -year. . ? . ? ,,- .! i,, .. , ' ' MB. Nicolson, P.M., : recommends that cyclists should be compelled to carry a continuous hell. The continuous bell is the advance guard for the Lunatic Asylum., .. ? MB. Bestl-the genial Minister of Trade and Cus toms, is learning to ride a bicycle, his teacher boin^ his partner Mr., Theodore Fink, one of the league councillors.; V ; MR. "Walter Hall denies that Delaware hag broken down, and as a proof has put him in train ing again. When Delaware has done racing ho will be put to the stud. C.-E. HERBERT, the oross-country champion, has competed in four cross-country championships, win ning twice, and being second and third respectively on the other two occasions. Alii the horses belonging to Mr. John Crozinr, of South Australia, have been scratched for their Spring engagements, so his colours will not bo soon at the great racing oarnival. THE Legislature and the bar are providing nearly all the councillors of the League of Wheelmen. Mr. W. P. Furlong, the barrister, is the latest edition. He represents the North Suburban Club. COLONEL Campbell, who was aidd-dc-camp to .Sir John, Madden when he was acting-governor, has purchased a, number of two year-olds, and hits com mitted them to the care of Tom Pay ten to train. " I Hivja! neyer thought it neoessary to instruct my jockeys ' Win if you can.' My horses go to win, and,the riders want no specifib instructions." This is Mr. J. B. Clark's comment on the A.J.C, censure. EDUCATION in South Australia has lost) a valued admirer in Mr. J.. A. Hartley, who died during the week from the effects of a fall whioh he sustained, owing to his want of experience in manipulating his -wheel.;' . . . '? Rumours were afloat duiing: the week that Basolute had broken down in his Derby preparation, but Mr. W. E. Wilson lias laid' the ghost by announcing that the colt is well and doing famously. IT is reported, but not confirmed, that tho Aus tralian Eleven will not visit Hobart after all. Tho engagement was made, and the Tasmanian authori ties, when communicated with recently, refused to withdraw, although prepared to agree to the Aus tralians so doing if they thought fit.; MR. 15. E. Mann, when working as a oompositor in the Pastoral Times Office, "Denilquin, invested in a sweep and won tho best part of .£4000. Thus ho has been able to lend .£3700 to -'Denilquin Municipal Council on tho excellent seourity of tho town rutoa, at 4. per cent., thus securing ,a fixed income of lis. a week without work. LORD Brassey knows more about the diffloultiotf attendant upon yacht building than Victorians imagine. When they were all prognosticating immeasurable success for his new oraft, His Kxcol lenoy quietly remarked, " The chances are that alio will bo no faster, and, perhaps, not so fast, as many of the crafts now afloat in your waters." CAPTAIN Joshua Slocum, of Boston, U.S.A., reached Cape Moreton in Queensland on September 22 on his voyage round the world by himself. The boat is a 13-tonner, and called the Spray. There is no living thing on board the craft except the captain, who on all occasions displays the legend, " From Boston to Boston — All well." He will reach Melbourne next month. MR. R. H. Deverall, formerly of Dandelions', divided the spoils of,a J3100 pigeon match at * field recently with about ton others, inoludin# . J. L. Puwop, Q O.. who shoots under tho niune w " Gundagai," " LauriHton," and olhor °hfiu|P , shoottats. Mr. Dovorall, who is a good ^ n 0f inarlcsmon, .competed undor tho asauwod nfl1 " StonebroVo.", 