THE NOVELIST. RODNEY STOP. A REMINISCENCE OF THE RING.* BY A. CONAN DOYLE. CHAPTEB XIX, CLIFFK KOTAL. My tincle waB humanely anxious to get Harrison to bed as soon as possible, for the Bmith, although he laughed at his own in juries, had none the less been severely punished. " Don't you dare ever to ask my leave to fight again, Jack Harrison," said his wife, as she gazed ruefully at his battered face. "Why it's worse than when you beat Black ]i»ruk, and if it wern't for your top coat I couldn't swear you were the man who led me to the altar. It the King of England ask you I'll never let you do it more." " Well, old lass, I give my davy that I never will. It's best that 1 leave fightin' before fightin' leaves me." He screwed up his face a« he took a sup from Sir Charles's brandy-flask. " It's fine liquor, sir, but it gets into my cut lips most cruel. Why, here's John Cummins of the Friar s Oak Inn, as I'm a sinner, and seekin' sor a mad doctor, to judge by the look of him." It was certainly a most singular figure who wms approaching us over the moor. V ith the flushed dazt-d face of h man who is just recovering from recent it) oxtc^tion, the land lord was tea nng madly a I out, his hat gone and his hair and beard fl>tng in the wind. He ran in little zig-zags from one knot of people to another, wliil>t his peculiar ap pearance drew a rutin ng fire of wit iciams as he wen', so that he r miiH'd m»* irresistibly ot a snipe skimming alotit; through a line of guns. We saw him atop loran instant by the yellow barouche an'l hand something to Sir Lothian Hume. Th>-ii on he came again, until at last, catching -ight of us. he gave a cry of joy and ran for us fall speed, with a note held out at aroi's length. " You're a nice cove,too, John CummingB," said Harrison rtproichtuiiv. "Didn't I tell you not to let a drop pass your lips until you had given your message to Sir Charles ?' " I ought to be pole-axed,I ought," he cried in bitter repentanc . " 1 aBked lor you, Sir Charles, as 1 m a livin' man I did, but you wern't there, and what with hein' so pleased at gettin' such odds when I knew Harrison was goin' to light, an' what with the landlord at the George wan in' roe to try his own specials, I let my senses go clean away fr<>m me. And now it's only atter the fight is over that I see you, Sir Charles, an' if I lay that whip over my back it's only what I de serve." But my uncle was paying no attention whatever to the voluble self-reproacheB of the landlord. He had opened the note and was reading it with a slight raising of the eye brows, which was aim jst the very highest note in his limited emotional gamat. " What make you of this, nephew T" he asked, handing it to me. This was what I read : ."Sir Charles Tregellis,-For God's Bake oome at once when this reaches yon to Cliffe Royal, and tarry as little as possible apon tbe way. You will see me there and yon will hear much which concerns yon deeply. I pray you to come as soon as may be, and un til then I remain him whom you knew as "JAMBS HARRISON." " Well, nephew l"asked my uncle. " Why, Bir, I cannot tell what it may mean." " Who gave it to you, sirrah Y" " It was young Jim Harrison himself, sir," said the landlord, " though indeed I soaroe knew him at first, for be looked like his own ghost. He was so eager that it should reach you that be would not leave me until the horse was harnessed and I started upon my way. There was one note for you and one for Sir Lothian Hume, and I wish to God he had chosen a better messenger." " This is a mystery indeed," Baid my uncle, bending his brows over the note. " What should he be doing at that house of ill-omen ? And why does he sign himself ' him whom you knew as James Harrison ?' By what other" Btyle should 1 know him? Harrison, vonj can throw a light upon this! You, Mrs. liar- - rison, I Bee by your face that you understand " it 1" " Maybe we do, Sir Charles, but we are plain folk, my Jack and 1, and we go as far as we see our way, and when we don't Bee our way any longer, we just s op. We've been goin' this twenty year, but now we'll draw aside and let our betters get to the front, so if you wish to find what that note means I can only advise you to Ho what you are asked and to drive over to Cliffe Royal, where you will find out.' My uncle put the note in hiB pocket. " I don't move until I have seen you safely in the bands of the surgeon, Harrison." " Never' mind for me, sir. The missus and me can drive down to Crawl > in the gig, and a yard of stickin-plaster and a raw steak will aoon set ate to lights." But my uncle was by no means to he persuaded, and he drove the pair into Crawl* y, where the smith was left under the charge of "his wife in the very Iwst quarters which mriieynbu'd prooure. Then, after a hasty Ijwcheon. we turned the marea' heads for thesosth. «Thb ends my connection with the ring, IM-phew," said my ancle. " I peroeive that thete is no possible means by which itcan be kept jputf from tnga ry. I have been cheated' and befooled; hot a man learns Wisdom M lspt, Sevier again do I give pris-Itahw." JfM I been older, or he less formidable, I MI «nhHAli& <M> work been pur / jyj.; might have said what was in my heart and begged him to give up other things also, to come out from those Bhallow circles in which he lived, and to find some work that was worthy of his strong brain and his good heart. But the thought had hardly formed itself in my mind before he bad dropped his serious vein and was chatting away about some new silver-mounted harness which he intended to spring upon the Mall, and about the match for a thousand guineas which he meant to make between his (illy, Ethelberta, and Lord Doncaster's famous three-year-old, Aurelius. We had got as far as Whiteman's Green, which is rather more than midway between Crawley Down and Friar's Oak, when,looking backwards, I saw far down the road the gleam of the sun upon a high yellow carriage. Sir Lothian Hume was following us. " He has had the same summons as we, and is bound for the same destination," said my uncle, glancing over his shoulder at the distant barouche. " We are both wanted at Cliffe Royal-we, the two survivors of that black business. And itisJim Harrison of all people who calls us there. Nephew, I have had an eventlul life, but I feel as if the very strangest scene of it were waiting for me among those trees." He whipped up the mares, and now from the curve ot the road we could see the hisrh dark pinnacles of the old Manor-house shoot ing tip above the ancient oaks which ring it round. The sight of it,with its blood-stained and ghost-blasted reputation, would in itself "hnve bpto^pougb toBend a thrill through my per veB.bnt wheq jjthe words of my uncle made r me suddenly realise1 that this Btrange sum ' mew^s.^ndwd/Tor the two men who were concern edin'thbt Qld-World tragedy, and that it wpx the playmate Jbl my youth who had sent it/ ( caught my breath as I seemed vaguely to catch a glimpse of some portentous thing forming itself in front of us. The rusted gates between the crnmbhng heraldic pillars were folded back, and my nnole flicked the mares impatiently as we flew up the weed-grown avenue, until be pulled them on their haunches before the time blotched steps. The front door was open, and Boy Jim waB waiting there to meet as. But it was a different Boy Jim from him whom I had known,and loved. There was a change in him somewhere, a change so marked that it was the first thing that I noticed, and yet so subtle that I could not put words to it He was not better dressed than of old, for I well knew the old brown suit that he wore. He was not Ins comely, for his training had left him the very model of what a man should be. And yet there was a change, a touch of dignity in the expression, a suggestion of confidence in the bearing which seemed, now that it was supplied, to be the one thing which bad been needed to give him harmony and finiab. Somehow, in spite of his prowess his old school name of " boy " had clung very natur ally to him, until that inuan* when I saw him standing in hisselt-cohtained and mag nificent manhood in the doorway of the ancient house. A wotpan stood beside bim, her hand resting apon his shoulder, and I saw that it was Miss Hinton of Aniitey' Cross. " You remember me, Sir Charles Tregellis? said she, coming forward, as we sprang down from the curricle. My uncle looked hard at ho: with a puzzled face. "I do not think that I h;;vr ilie privilege, Madame. And yet " "Polly Hinton, of the IJ.v.r.Kirket. "iou surely cannot have forgotti r. ]*<..:'y llinton ?" "Forgotten! Why we haw mourned for you in Fop's Alley for more years than 1 care to think of. But what in the name of wonder " "I was privately married and I retired from the stage. I want you 10 forgive me for taking Jim away from yon last ni^ht," " It was you then?" "I had a stronger clniiu evi-n than you could have. You were his patron. I was his mother." She drew hi.* head down to hers as shespoke, and there, with their cheeks together,-were the two faces, the one stamped with t>»e waning beauty of wnnvHibood, the other with the waxingsirei);."h of man, and yet so alike in the dark eyt s. the hlue-blagk hair and the hroad white hrow, that' I marvelled that I had in-wr read Ji& j secret on the first day that I had Bfiptf: them together. "Yea," she cried, "be; is my own boy, and he saved me from what is worse than death, as your nephew Rodney could tell you. Yet mv lips were sealed, and it was only last night that I could (ell him that it was hie mother whom he had brought back by his gentleness and hia patience into the sweetness of life." " Hush, mother," said Jim, taming his lips to her cheek. " There are some things which are between ourselves. Hot tell me, Sir Charles, how went the fi^ht ?" " Your uncle would have won it, but the roughs broke the ring." "He is no ancle of mine, Sir Charles, but he has been the best and truest friend both to me and to my father that ever the world could offer. I only know one as true," he continued, taking me by the hand, "and dear old Rodney Stone is his name. But 1 truBt he was not much hurt':' " A week or two will set him right. But I cannot pretend to understand how this matter stands, and you must allow me to say -that I have not heard you advance anything yet which seems to me to justify you in abandoning yonr engagements at a moment's notice." "Come in, Sir Charles, and 1 am convinced that yoo will acknowledge that I could not have done otherwise. But here, if 1 mistake not, is Sir Lothian Hume." The yellow barouohe had swung into the avenue, and a few moments later the weary horses had palled ap behind our curriole. Sir Lothian sprang out, looking as black as a thunder cloud. "Stay where yon are, Corcoran," said he, and I caught a gl mpse of abot tie- green coat, which told me who was his travelling com panion. "Well," he oontinued, looking round him with an insolent stare. " 1 should vastly like to know who has had the in solence to give'me so pressing an invitation to visit my own house, and'what in the devil you mean by daring to trespass upon my -grounds "I. promise you that you will understand this and e good deal more before we part, Sir Lothian," said Jim. with a curious smile plBvinn over his face. " If you will follow me I will endeavour to make it clear to you." . . * j With his mother's hand in bis own he lea us into that ill-omened room where the cards were still heaped upon the sideboard, and the dark shadow lurked in the corner of the ceiling. "Now, sirrah, your explanation! cried Sir Lothian, standing wiih hiH arms folded by the door. "My first explanation I owe to you, bir Charles," said Jim, and as I listened to his voice arid noted his manner I could not but admire the effect which the company of her whom he now knew to be his mother had had upon a mile country lad. " I wish to tell you what occurred last night" "I will tell it for you, Jim," said his mother. "You must know, Sir Charles, that though my son knew nothing of his parents, wt'were b^^Jve, and had tiever lost sight I let him have his own way in going^-tiotodon and in taking up ithiatVJ^nge.j fit w;as only yesterday that it came to the ^arp', o^ his father, who wocrid He was in the weakest health' ftnd his wishes weie not to be gftinBald. He ordered me to go at once and to bring his son to his side. I was at my wits' end, for I was sure that Jim would never come unless a substitute were provided for him. I went to the kind pood couple who had brought him np, and I told them how matters stood. Mrs. Harrison loved Jim as if he had been her own son, and her husband loved mine, so they came to my help, and may God bless them for their kindness to a distracted wife and mother. Harrison would take Jim's place if Jim would go to his father. Then I drove to Crawley. I found out which was Jim's room, and I spoke to him through the window, for I was sure that those who had backed him would not let him go. I told him that I was hiB mother. I told him who was his father. I said that I had niy phaeton ready, and that he might, for all I knew, be only in time to receive the dying blessing of that parent whom he bad never known. Still the boy would not go nntil he had my assurance that Harrison would take his plnce." " Why did he not leave a message with Belcher ?" " My head was in a whirl, Sir Charles. To find a father and a mother, a new name and a new rank in a lew minutes, might turn a stronger brain than ever mine was. My mother begged me to come with her, and I went. The phaeton was waiting, but we had scarcely started when some fellow seized the horse's head, and a couple of ruffians at tacked us. One of th^m I beat over the head with the butt of the whip, so that he dropped the cudgel with which he waa about to strike roe ; then, lashing the horse, I shook off the others and got safely away. I cannot understand who they were or why they should molest us." " Perhaps Sir Lothian Hume could tell you," said my uncle. Our enemy Baid nothing, but his little grey eyes slid round with a most murderous glance in our direction. " After I had come here and seen my father I went down " My uncle stopped him with a cry of astonishment. " What did you say, young man ? You came here and saw your father. Here at Cliffe lloyal ?" " Yes, sir." My uncle had turned very pale. " In God's name, then, tell us who your father is ?" Jim made no answer save to point over our shoulders, and, glancing round, we be came aware that two people had entered the room through the door which led to the bed room stair. The one I recognised in an instant. That impassive, mask-like face and demure manner could only belong to Ambrose, the former valet of my uncle. The other was a very different and even more singular figure. He was a tall man, clad in a dark dressing-gown, and leaning heavily upon a stick. His long, bloodless countenance waa bo thin and so white that it gave the strangest illusion of transparency. Only within the folds of a shroud have I ever Been BO wan a face. The brindled hair and the rounded back gave the impression of ad vanced age, and it was only the dark brows and the bright, alert eyes glancing out from beneath them which made me doubt , whether it was really an old man who stood before us. There was an instant of silence broken by a deep oath from Sir Lothian Hume. " Lord Avon, by God 1" he cried. " Very much at your service, gentlemen," answered the stiange figure in the dressing gown. 