THE WIDE WORLD. The district tribunal of Knzan, sit ting temporarily in the town of Mama dysh, has, by a final verdict of acquit Stal, closed the proceedings, extending s over a period of four years, in the cases of the seven persons accused of having Smurdered, by decapitation, a peasant named Konon Mlativunine. Their ob ject was stated to be to offer a sacri t fice to idols, the worship of which, min I gled with certain Christian beliefs, still survives in the province of Vyatka. The s body of the victim was found lying e by the roadside near tile village of Starala-Moultana on 1Sth May, 1892. The accused persons are inhabitants of I that village, and the manner in which I the murder was committed correspond , ed exactly to the customs of the pagan e sacrificers. There were in the first in stance 11 persons charged, but three c have been acquitted since the opening s of the prosecution, and one has since a died. s "Light" publishes a story of a famous preacher in America which is probably e true. It contains at least a good deal d of truth. The question "Where is t Heaven?" was put to Sam Jones by one n of his wealthy church members in Geor I gia, whose cotton crop yielded him some a 20.000dols. the last year. " Where is a heaven?" said the rich planter. 'I'll tell .5 you where heaven is," said Mr Jones, "if you will go down to the village and e buy fifty dollars' worth of groceries, put y them in a waggon, and take them to that poor widow on the hillslde,who has e three of her children sick. She is poor, and is a member of the church. Take with you a nurse, and someone to cook their meals. When you get there, read the Twenty-third Psalm and kneel by her side and pray. Then you will find n out where heaven Is." The popularity of swimming as a re L1 creation for women has made amazing strides during the past few years, and some of the most enthuslastlic votaries of the pastime are to be found among a the Royal Families of Europe. The Em 's press of Austria is, perhaps, the cleverest n of all amateur lady swimmers, and has s been known to perform some remarkable natatory tricks. All the princesses of the I Austrian reigning family are good t swimmers. Our own Queen and all her I. daughters learnt to swim, and the Princess of Wales, her three daughters, and the Princess May are extremely fond of the water. The German Empress and e the sisters of the Emperor are fine s swimmers, and so is the Queen-Regent h of Spain, who excels in all manner of feats in the water. s A man named oailre. an enameller, y who had appealed against a sentence! e of two years' Imprisonment passed on him for autting off children's ears, was tried again in Paris. lie llad noth-lu less tlan a mania for depriving child e ren of their ears. ills way of proceed s ing was if he saw a boy in a lonely place, to go up to him and say. "What's the matter with your ear? It's bleed lug. Just let me see it." Then taking hold of tile ear he cut as much of it off as lie could with a razor that he car ried in his coat sleeve. Sometimes he .amputated only the lobe, but he was able to carry off six ears frout as many different heads. Ie operated in thue broad daylight. The tribunal added e three years to the original sentence. Monire expressed astonishment at the Judge's severity. A new calling Ias been brought into r existence by ghosts and -aIhatnlag- e chiefly the former-as the latter always a fight among themselves, and initiate the public into their mysteries by family quarrels. With reference to a the story of the haunted house at Peterborough, a gentleman who call: himself "A Haunted House Expert," s expresses his readiness to clear lthat phrtleilar building, or any ,,tler, of a111 lthle plrits which may be therein click y er than lightning. He says lie has been a honored with the patronage of the no e bility and gentry of various countries, t and has been successful in extirpating \- some of the oldest ghosts in the king n dom. A "ghost-killer"i must be quite a charming and pleasant occupation. Some details are to hand of the wed d ding of Khama, the bare fact of which e was announced some time ago. The ce a remony was performed at Palapye by e Mr Willoughby, the missionary who y came to England with him. The Chief o had gained sufficient insight into the ways of his country to know how a func tion of this character should be carried cut. He appeared at the altar dressed e in a frock coat and light trousers and ea white tie: while his bride, a young r woman of about twenty, wore a white a satin, with a tulle veil and orange blos s soms. Afterwards the guests met at the I house of the missionary, where the oc i casion was becomingly celebrated, the e chief attraction being a great wedding a cake. The wedding ceremony took place at the abnormally early hour of nine o'clock. 1 The cycling mania at Berlin has Just reached the schorcher stage, and com splaints are made on every side to the r paternal government to stop, oh stop! l the cyclists in their mad course. Only a few "radler" have reached the emi -ent position wherein, for their "beauti a fully slow" riding, they are praised by one and all, and held up as examples in the newspapers. As to lady cyclists in t Germany, the South is, as usual, far I ahead of the North, and, while at Fiank I fort, Munchen, and all the other large towns in the South, the woman-cyclist I is in no way molested by having an Sundue amount of public attention paid I to her, she is still the laughing-stock of :Berlin, and very far from attaining to the eminence of the British St. Bcycila. 1 But then, what can be expected in a I town like Berlin, where no woman is Sallowed to ride on the top of an omnl bus? "Pearson's Magnazine" for June (Lon Sdotl has a lively article on Rudyard rKipling's journalistie life in India...It Is by Mr E. Kay Robinson, who wris EKipling's editor on the "Civil and Mili tary Gazette," published at ILahore. The now celebrated author worked for years at proof reading, scissors and paste work, and the boiling down of Governmlent BlueBookauinto summanries for publincation, When hie began to ~is tonlsh people by his cleverness he ivas urged to leave India and try Fleet Sstreet. Ils reply always was that the "Gazette" Ihad taken hin on trust-a boy fresh from school-and that he would serve it loyally, like Jacob in the Bible, for his full seven years. lIe made I friends among all kinds of natives, and many of them looked upon him a.s a v ery. superior sort of Sahib. His ptr ceptlon was keen, as It is still, remark ably quick. His mind photographed. as it were, passing events that could have any future utility for reference or allusion. A pleasing Incident. In whleh his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales played a prominent part, oc curred on the Oaks Day at Epsom. An intelligent little fellow, .who could not have been more than eight or nine years old, was hoisted up in front of the Royal enclosure, and on a large sketch block, with a piece of crayon, he produced striking portraits of such celebrities as the Queen, the Prince of Wales, the Marquis of Salisbury, and others with marvellous rapidity. A large audience of well-known patrons of the Turf quickly gathered round, and showed their appreciation of the child's abilities by a shower of shillings. The Prince, who had witnessed the perform ance from a distance, was so delighted with the child, that he smilingly came forward and gave him a sovereign, amid loud cheers. The boy raised his cap in i response to the Prince's generosity, the I bell rang, the officeers of the law pressed I forward and shouted " Clear the I course!" and the young artist was car- I ried away with the throng. Smlthers: "I wish someone would teach 1 me to save money." Miss Hope: "Oh, 1 Mr Smlthers, this Is so sudden." . 