The Assembly. >Vlien this month Vegan the Assembly had three weeks in which, to wjpd' up its work before the prorogation, anil yet members deliberately wasted the first of '4he three. Absolutely nothing construc tive was done last week, although there wits. some destruction* accompanied by many warm words. That. wiis on the Thursday. Long.ago iMr/^gue,asked " 'the Government if it was intended to remit the duty On wheat, oats, and flour during the coming year,a'nd the reply . .was 1 In- the negative.1 ! ;Then'Mr. Foster, looking after theintereste of the farmers a id clds district who , want ^ seed: wheat, ,, ippoed to override the Ministerialde cision.. Thflt ivas more, than a .iponth tjol: The Trotaur&f; feared''-that "' 'the otion Ttbiild 'be tarried, hnd ,86/h? an Qtehdmeiit, he ask&d; ^he'Hotrse to 'allow •■k drawback oh "> exported floitr afid to .^negative the ^reposition. ■ (v if the'division %itrd«y,thore jsjio doubt .. Jk, %e lebate/there waS axifi^m^in itsTbvor. Bat on a Thursday morning a' sudden panic had. set in.. r Jdembepa who had listened to, the Trefuurer's.aiu^ounee^ept without shoWing ithy sign of disagree ment, suddenly wokeupto .the fear that its ratification would dislpoftte tr^do. Mr. Shannon, in fact, went so far as to threaten to resign unless an opportunity • were given to protest against it. On the night before, the motion for the adjourn ment of Bilr. Foster's proposition and the Treasurer's amendment for a week, was accepted, without., a dissentient voice, although Mi\, Holder several times urged the House to take a vote. On Thursday moruing, after a fiery discussion, the standing orders (were suspended in order to allow the matter to be decided at once, and after more than eight hours had been consumed in vigorous speaking, it was determined by a very substantial majority that the tariff should not be interfered with even to the extent suggested by the Government, who, in the first instance, only moved their amendment in order to knock out Mr. Foster's motion. The non party nature of the decision was proved by the fact that Mr. Butler, the Govern ment Whip, who is precious little use as a whip, by-the-way, was on the side of the majority. Mr. Copley, the leader of the Opposi tion, finding out that a big majority of the House had suddenly been galvanized into active antagonism by the suggestion to grist wheat in bond, tried to seize the laurels of the occasion for the little coterie known as the direct Opposition, and with Messrs. Solomon, Homhurg, Castine, and Caldwell, he sought to take the conduct of the matter into his own hands. The House, however, very plainly resented this party move, and if Mr. Copley had not had the sense to see that if he per sisted in taking a prominent position the battle would be lost, it is pretty certain that the voting on the proposed suspen sion of the Standing Orders would have been very different. A glance at the division-list will show that the greater part of the big majority which vetoed the suspension of the duty were Government supporters, who would have been on the other side if it had not been made abun dantly plain that the Ministry were willing to accept whatever verdict was arrived at with perfect good humor. The amendment would never have been pro posed by the Treasurer but that it was thought that otherwise the South Aus tralian export trade in hour would be jeopardised. The Treasurer, indeed, is rather glad than sorry that the House has insisted on refining the duty in all cases. Mr. John Darling, Junior, who, of course, is a reliable expert on matters of this kind, made a very reassuring speech con cerning the harvest prospects of , the colony. He thinks that quite enough wheat for local seed and food require ments will be reaped, ,and that whenever the province has flour to export, there will be no difficulty in finding a market, because of the superiority of the South Australian brppds. He js quite 'sppe ,that it would be very dangerous to encourage the admixture of lower quality wheat from beyond the borders of the colony. : The Governpif.'nt received (ano,ther . npt unexpected knock-out on the Tuesday, and once more the principal grief over the defeat was fejf.at. Port Adelaide. Urged on by the . persistence ,of Mr. Archibald arid the need for providing some public work near the city,; the Government undertook to jppsh on.the construction , pf a graving dock pt Port Adelaide. The proposal was that £107,000 should be spent upon , ,the work, which was fee be done ip Marine cement concrete, so that asinuch as possible of the expenditure should find its way ihto local hands. The dock wa8 to be, 6Q0 |qet long, and wasjto be capable of accommodating any steamer that could come through the feuez Canal. The Treasurer, in. arguing in favor of : the resolution sufiinitted, was raupli handi ciapped by the facts that in 1895, and earlier in 1894, he had spoken on the other si^e ; put ,6j:ill he made out a vpry good case, .although it did not ppnvince the majority. The motion 'was not put to the vote, but as led on by Mr. Homburg, the discontents wiped out the, word/3, Port Adelaide," it is not likely that anything more will be heard of it; What ever pjay happen, in the; future, just pt present South. Australia .cannot afford. to go in for an buter hafbor. When that vast spheme is carried: out, < however, the graving dock will also bejrpvi^ed. Lawyers were very mupn before the Assembly' last week. Ortthfe Tuesday . the .Law .Reform Bill w«s (debated. Mr. (Caldwell ppoke on , it in ..his usual self satisfied manner, and fcoblly claimed ofeditfor-everything' inthe measure >that , b.f .ponsidpEs ,ppygpod.jwas forcible apd el oq uent, and. showed tnat,he \- hid; tdfeen fhuch; 5 caw in preparation. : Mr, Ash was as 'analytical and as diffuse .^fhough the, sesripniha^rpnly^Uypd fpr three weeks r inBtead'of being witluri that period1 of •' prorogation. r: He1 talkfed ! for ttye? bour@,: thehbad ^trfi.nished. Si|; Jo^ Dpwiier,,'in tjie previous week, iiiknagedtd*{c6mpfesFi' alfhb miff'tbtofty ' iriithin; -the san^e length of ' time.; ■■; Just i f*fiPR ■/ u%W9l19!ePMlf8 }six;sbqpiat,spd rare still at, it, and there are fifty-three luifeiBbers' of-thevA!ste!nbly<Whi6 areehtitled lidlalk.j JThepro^ctw awfuL ifftaebms other measures are also sure to be slaughtered, although, thanks to Mr. O'Loghlin's Act, some will die to rise again next year. On Wednesday law came up in a different form, because Mr. Wood moved that the disabilities of the contractors in Parliament Act should be extended to members of the legal pro fession. It has always been felt to be an anomaly that while Fat Brief Q.C., M.P., can take fees amounting to £500 from the Government without forfeiting his seat, Trades Mann, M.P. puts his position in the House in jeopardy if he sells two red herrings to the Destitute Asylum, or even if he becomes a guarantor for some third person who is dealing with the State. Mr. Wood very logically considered that all should be treated alike, and he quoted the opinion of Symon, Q.C., that legal politicians really have no advantage over their lay brethren under the Act. The Attorney-General and Sir John Downer supported the present system, and both pointed out that Symon, Q.C., when a member of the Assembly, took Crown briefs. It is satisfactory to know that because of the discussion the Ministry will next year undertake the amending of the Contractors in Parliament Act in the direction of securing either uniformity of restriction or equality of privilege. Even Sir John Downer had to admit that there is no reason why a lawyer should be specially favored. The ghost of the Arthur Will case was walking through the House again on Wednesday, and the fearful law costs incurred in respect to it were once more commented on, but by a substantial majority it has now been efficiently laid. Law, too, was made prominent because of the O'Malley libel case. It was a co incidence that the hearing should have been before Mr. Justice Boucaut, an ex member for the Arcadian district of Encounter Bay, who, however, did not allow that fact to prejudice him in favor of the plaintiff, whose character he assessed at forty shillings. The contest in fact resulted in one of those victories which is only a shade less disastrous than defeat. Very interesting reading would have been provided for newspaper sub scribers if Mr. O'Malley had submitted himself to the cross- examination of Mr. Villeneuve Smith and his eye-glass. The Kopperamanna Railway Bill, the Civil Service Bill, the Barossa Irrigation Bill, the Electoral Bill, and the Addi tional Ministers Bill, all made their first appearance in the Assembly last week. These, with the Law Reform, Closer Settlement, Water Frontages and Land Boards Bill, are all on the paper for this week, together with the Referendum and Vineyards Protection Bills, which the Minister of Education has the right tointro duce, and the Police Superannuation Bill, of which the Attorney-General gave notice on Thursday. Then there are the Esti mates, so that it is no wonder the House is to sit to- day, as well as on the ordinary occasions this week. If the • prorogation is to take place on Friday or Saturday of next w\eek, there must be greater celerity than has hitherto characterised the work of the fifteenth Parliament, which has shown a tendency to good humor and laziness. 