WESTERN AUSTRALIAN NOTES. [By a South Auktrauan.] I have been staying a week or two at Hannan's, and really the number of South Australians one meets there is astonishing. J was in the billiard-room at the club there, and out of twenty-four gentlemen present no fesathan twelve hailed from Adelaide. Captain Meecham is the Secretary. Mrs. Meecham con ducts a private hospital, and ber kindly minis trations have soothed the fevered brows of . scores of Adelaide men. Mr. John Moule seems settling down amongst the people there. He has many good things on hand, and I have noticed his name in connection with the Provisional Directorate of some promising ventures. Mr. J. J. East, late of the Ade laide School of Mines, seems always willing to give old friends a good tip. Mr. Short, late M.P., now manages Mr. V. L. Solomon's , business, and Mr. li. W. Hall, Mr. Stow, and Messrs. Mann & Sinclair represent the legal fraternity; whilst Mr. L. Grayson and Mr. Parkcs will give you an honest report on miirhrg properties—for a consideration. Out »n the mines, too, the South Australians are to the fore. They get their very full share every where of the good things going, and as Bank clerks their name is legion. Much adverse comment is current here in regard to the manner in which the Banks work their officials. There is scarcely a Bank in either city or country wbicb-does not seem to be shamefully under manned, and scores of young fellows working half the night through in stuffy, inconvenient buildings succumb every summer to typhoid, which fastens on the worn-out systems with fatal effect. Talk about cruelty to animals. There isn't much worse cruelty than ib prac tised here by those highly respectable institu tions the Banks. Surely they are paying, or rot paying, little enough for money now to be able to be a bit merciful to the hundreds of young fellows whose health and vigour they wear oat. Tho Bank clerks in Western Aus tralia are amongst the few who do much work dood here. Working men of all trades as a rule take things precious easy, asid in this they are emulated oy their masters. It 38 somewhat amusing—that is if you arc not a .shareholder—to take a turn around the mines. _ It is calculated by those who know that with few exceptions every bit of work done costs about double what it ought to do. Men utterly unused to mining accept with lying alacrity the most responsible positions, and then begin to loaf the hours away with the most patient indifference, Drivo up unexpectedly to a mine, and you usually see one man at a windlass leisurely surveying the country from the top of a mullock heap, occasionally shout ing words of cheer to his mate below. To most of such mines a captain is appointed. He has probably from four to eight men under him. He is not expected to work himself, and often enough he does not seem to regard it as , any part of his duty to make others work. He | is paid for lying in his tent reading and | banging away the flies with a malice branch; at least one would suppose so from the ! assiduity with which he performs this task. Take five mines out of ten and get the work i done valued, and compare the cost with what it ought, to have cost, and the shareholders would be ill for a week. But then who knows? Do the Directors? Does the Secretary? What neod of a captain over every little mining property? If somo trouble were taken could not adjacent properties lie worked under the general supervision of some good man, the payment of whose salary could be shared by the whole, and then let the individual mines have a good practical miner as foreman. A 'time is coming, and that rapidly, too. when in order to pay dividends expenses most be kept down, and the strictest personal supervision must be exercised. Bet those who are responsible in Adelaide ask themselves what they really know of the cost of the work done, as compared with what it ought to cost, of the time taken to do things, compared with what it ought to take. A little serious thought on these matters wonld, I am sure, result in drastic changes. Some of the Directors scud their Secretaries round now and then, but what do they know about mining—the majority of them?—they are only office men. If some of the Adelaide Com panies would only combine and send round evcrv now and then a competent and inde pendent Inspector to examine and report, the increased activity which would result would pay for the cost over and over again, and the noble army of mining"captains would corae out of their tents and bustle around a bit. Criticism of this kind is not, of course, capa ble of universal application, but I have visited scores of mines, and in the majority of instances I have seen from captain downward but little energy or push, and the. whole system wants altering badly if shareholders are ever to get the ghost of a dividend. The mines aliout Hannan's are developing wonderfully well; not a week passes without i the making public of some new discoveries which enhance the value of many properties. The presence of gold in large and payable quantities must now be admitted by even the most cautious of our critics, who have lately changed their tone considerably. Wo grant, they say, the gold—but .what about the water? Many tight very shy of this subject, and "Smiling put the question by." Await developments, they say — water will be got in the mines themselves at depth sufficient for each mine's battery require ments. Let us hope they will prove true prophets, but ask them to back their opinions by betting sixpence, and see where they are. The water question is without doubt a most serious one, and the more gold you know you have which can only be won by the aid of water the greater the anxiety to get the water, The dry processes which have been attempted on the field have failed. A new process was referred to by the Chairman of the Western Australian Trading .Syndicate at the shareholders' meeting in Loudon the other day as "a really marvellous invention." It will do away with all crushing, stamping, and pulverizing as hitherto practised, and will enable a miner to reduce the hardest quartz to a condition of sand, and even a fine flour, without producing the usual slime and mud." The process is called the "Ore Automatic Redac tion Process," and it is claimed that the quartz can be reduced with the simplest possible machinery, costing only a few pounds, at a cost of about 6d. a ton. It reads a bit too good to he true, but this is what Mr. H. L. Goodman said at a meeting of the West Australian Trading Syndicate the other day. The Forrest Government's proposal to supply the goldfielda with water at a cost of £2,500,000 is still under discussion by the Council, It is a gigantic scheme, and means the use of no less than 90,000 tons of pi|>es alone, besides large quantities of cement; and it means from 1.5,009 to 20,000 tons of fuel a year to run the pumping machinery. The port of Fremantle is already blocked, and steamers hove had to wait sixty or seventy days before being discharged; ana the railway. lines are blocked too. With the additional trade that this large quantity of material will involve delays are sure to arise, and the pro spect of completing the work in three yekrs is not a hopeful one. Many private schemes are in the air, hut the Government do not seem to favour any of them. All that is asked is reservation of useless land for catchment areas and the right to put down pipes; but no. Sir John Forrest has a very strong crotchet against priva'f. -n tcrprise, and that is enough. Sir John is everybody. True, the experience of she Western Australian people has lieen mo"t unsatisfactory in the past in regard to works undertaken by private Syndicates. They have been granted big concessions of land; thev have failed to carry out their promises and undertake ga; thoy have squabbled and fought with the Government, and their one desire, and aim seems to have been in far too many cases to sell out to the State at a big profit to themselves. But it doesn't follow that because such things have been in the past they are likely to 1)6 in the future. Surely experience has taught the Western Australians how to make better bargains by this time. One great argument in favour of allowing private enterprise to construct the waterworks for supplying the goldfields is that the large amount of money which the State will require to borrow will about smother the resident Western Australians if the gold fields should after all prove a failure. Up to the end of 181)3 the population was about 00,000, of whom it is fair to infer that not above 12.000 were able - bodied taxpaying men. If the goldfields fail the popula tion will soon diminish to somewhere about those figures again. Such a thing is possible, but not probable. If it comes about, how will they be able to l>ear such a burden of debt? Ought they to risk it? Wouldn't it ho wiser to say wo will allow private capitalists from outside to spend their money as they are willing to do. If they lose we don't suffer. If we lose we are ruined. Failing the gold there is absolutely nothing to keep pcoplo in Western Australia in numbers. The soil is so far as I have seen it, and I have travelled much, absolutely unsuited for cither agriculture or pasture, except in very small patches hero and there, and in many places where the land is good the timber is so heavy that It would cost far more to clear it than it would lie worth when cleared. Does anybody suppose if there were any in dustries possible in Western Australia connec ted with the land which would maintain a large or even moderate population, that after some seventy years of existence as a colony its population would be so small? It is not in dolence or apathy or want of enterprise that has kept Western Australia back; it is the fearfully barren country the settlers have had to deal with; and if the gold fails, the struggle with nature will have to he renewed with enormously increased liabilities in the shape of taxation, much of which might have been avoided by allowing private capitalists to come in and share the risk. If I were an old colonist with taxable possessions in Western Australia. I would do my best to convert ftir John Forrest in this direction at any rate, because I believe he is unconsciously and with the very best of intentions allowing his fad to becloud his sturdy patriotism and manly com mon sense. The newspapers here are full of Mr. Zebivra Lane. Ho has returned from London ; he has arrived in Perth ; he has departed for Cool gardic; he has been welcomed at Kalgoorlie; ' he has been interviewed by several Press gentlemen; he is sometimes slightly indis posed ; and he is said to be contemplating learning to ride a bike. The fierce light that treats about a t.hrono oanses him to live in the full glare of publicity, but toft'y for breakfast, dinner, and tea is rather nailing, we are -told, and Mr. Zebina Lane 13 suffering by too much puff. The Conservator of Forests litre, Mr. J. Ednie Brown, is another victim of the same objectionable practice, and his goings forth and comings back are duly chronicled from day to day as ho makes his official pro gress through the country. Mr. Kaufmann, too, the ex pert who fixed up the Lake View shareholders, is rapidly becoming a victim of the same unfortunate craze. Mow distressing it must be to men who are so made to suffer throng!) no fault of their own. Gentlemen come out bore from England, invest tens of thousands of pounds, and are let alone to go about their business in a quiet and unosten tatious maimer. Whatever has Mr. Zobina. Lane done that he should be so pursnod and made ridiculous? The Press will get into trouble over these things some day. As regards ordinary common sort of people, the cry is "Still they come1' — hun dreds every week — and the country is quietly absorbing them all. Mechanics and miners ar<> more in request than ever. Every where, at Perth, at Cooigardie, at Hannans, in out-of-the-way little townships the sound of the hammer and the ring of the trowel are tho inarching music "f progress. There is room for all, except the dissolute, and the people who arc too idle to do a reasonable amount, of work —more is not asked of them. Unfortunately the lowest classes of rogues and rascals of lioth sexes have been coming in largo numbers of late, and robberies with vio lence are becoming very common. But all things considered the goldfields are most orderly, and you . would see as fino a body of men there as there is in Australia, and perhaps in the world. 