TfiETREMAYNES; OR , . A. Dream of Love. ' 1 CHAPTER XLVI1 . KILLED BY THE HAND OF LOVE ! ' Frederick !' she whispered, 'Frederick — my lover — my husband ; Your ,Therese has come to you. Your Theresehas found vou atlast. Never once have I believed the false tales that Miave been told to me. I know that you are 'true — my grand lover — I know that you are.' ? She fell upon her knees before him, her great dark eyes full of passion and pain. ' I said that I would kill you if your love were dead,' she went on ; ' but, oh 1 Frede rick, I love you still — I love you still. They thought that I was dead. When I heard that you were lost to me — I was impelled by the evil eye of the Englishman who told me the a.vful, story — I was impelled to seek relief in tlie cold river. But I was not to die ; the sweet waters restored my reason, and I struggled for my life. I was picked up, but was near to death for many, many months. But I have lived for my darling, and I have come, I have come !' She was crying now, and clinging to his knees in a frenzy of love and doubt. ' Oh, my Frederick, speak to me, take me in your arms. I am your wife, I will never leave you again. I love you, my darling — I love you, I have no revenge ; it is cold and dead. I have nothing but love, love, love !' Frederick Vansitart, Duke of Medford, had been in many peculiar and uncomfor table positions during his varied career, but never before had he felt so bewilder ed and helpless. He had nothing but rage and contempt for tbe poor cicature before him, whose lFe he had ruined. ' heard that this was yout wedding- day,' Therese said. I heard that this was ycur wedding-day, my Frederick, but you did not know that! lived, and I have come back to you and to your love. T, alone, am your lawful .vife — your wife in the sight of God and man.' ' Begone, woman !' he said at last, a fearful oath upon his lips. ' Would j'ou ruin me? Go back to Italy. II you want money' ' Money 1' she said, scornfully. ' I spurn your money. I want your love — I want that which'is mine by right. I will not go. My place is by your side.' She had sprung to her feet, and was re garding him with flashing eyes. ' I will take off these dreadful clothes, and you must provide me with dresses suitable for a lady. Find some apartments fot me here. I will not go, Frederick ; 1 will not go.' One moment his hand grasped the re volver that was still in his breast-pocket, and the light of murier shone in his eyes; then he burned swiftly towards her, a smile upon his false, cruel face. ' Carissima Mia !' he whispered, and she leaped into his arms with a loud cry. She sobbed on his shoulder and caressed him with a tenderness that was pitiful to see. ' My Frederick loves me still 1' she sigh ed. ' All that was told me was false, and I shall stay with him always ; I shall never go away from him again.' The duke did not quite relish this declara tion, and had quite resolved to put her away from him for ever. He was simply consumed with rage; The tangle was getting beyond htm. He had never antici pated the ghost of such a complication as now stared hi n in the face. He pressed his hot lips to the girl's brow, the lips that were breathing hatred for her ; and she clung still tighter to his breast. What was he to do ? What was he to say ? How could he dispose of the loving fool ? He pushed her gently away, but she held firmly to him, grasping playfully at his dress, murmuring : ' Kiss me again, my Frederick ! I will not leave you. Kiss me again !' She had her hand over the trigger of the revolver in his breast-pocket, and tightened her hold as he tried to disen gage himself. Oh, how innocently this fond creature pressed the tongue of fatal steel — a smile on her lips the while, a happy light on her beautiful eyes ! She shrieked aloud when a sharp report broke I the stillness, and the duke staggered to a chair, his hand against his breast, his eyes starting from his head. The muzzle of the pistol was turned inward, and he was shot through the heart. He died without a groan — killed by the hand of love ! This was my lord duke's wedding-day; he was wedded Io-Death 1 CHAPTER XLVIII. THE RINGING OF THE BELLS. Vincent did not employ manj words in the story he had to teli the young earl and his two friends. ' I don't want to whitewash myself,' he said. 'I was false and ungrateful to a good master, for the sake of money ; I wanted money ; I wanted money. I was ready to sell my soul lor money, but Heaven knows that was my greatest crime. I never dreamed that my new master was capable of murder until I met with the Italian — a man named Cavalli — who has gone to him for justice. He married Cava- lli's sister years ago, then employed a doctor to kill her— to put her out of the way.' ' And Miss Tremayne is still safe .''de manded the earl, feverishly, ' She was safe last night.' ' And why did she go to the scoundrel's house at all ?' ' He got her father there, then pretended that he was dying, and Miss Tremayne fell into the trap. His idea to force her into marriage, and he has at ranged for the cermony to take place to-day. Listen, my st-i hi ' ford ; it, cannot take place. Cavaili will kill him, most assuredly. CavaBi has been tracking him for years. Then, when the duke thought that I knew' too much, and vas ol no further use to him, he followe'd me last night ? he shot me in tlie back, took away what money he had given me, beat me with his fists, and I am dying.' ' There is hope yet,' said Dr. Allbright. ' If you say so, sir, T have hope,' replied Vincent. ' One question,' interrupted the doctor. ' How do you ccme to know me ? Why did you telegraph to me ?' ' I knew you as Miss Tremayne's friend, I wantedjyou to come and help her. It was I who found ouc the retreat of the earl, my.young'master ; it was I who dis covered that Mrs. Temple was Miss Tre mayne, and I got into your house by pre tending that I had a sister who wished to consult you.' ' I remember the circumstances,' the dector said. ' My friend, you have not the colour of a dead man. From the nature of your wound, the bullet appears to have entered the pleural cavity and caused a number of internal hemorrhages. Keep perfectly still until Lam ablej to see you again.' Vincent looked hopeful, and 3 wistful light came into his eyes. ' You will fot give me, my lord — my young master ?' he asked. ' I played with you when you were a baby, and 1 have often tesolved since I began the business ot professional spy to tell you all.' ' Vincent, there is one thing that speaKs in your favour ; you havehiot spoken one evil word of my mother, "the countess. I know everything from her own lips, j Not only do I forgive you' freely, but if your recover you shall never want a home. You are an old servant, and I will not forget you.' The earl pressed his hand as he spoke, and the man seemed overcome by grati- fude and shame. He turned his face away, andcrieci weakly. Sir George Granville summoned the policeman, who was vainly endeavouring _ho learn what was going on inside the room. ' We are 'going to Medford Hall,' he said,' and you had better come with us. The man who shot Vincent is there, and you may be wanted. Go downstairs and order a fly. vVe don't want a curious crowd at our heels,' In fifteen minutes the policeman re turned, and announced that a four-wheel ed fly was at the door, and the party wasted no time in starting for the hall. Vincent's belief, and positive assertion of more tragic events, filled them with giave apprehensions. So anxious was the eari ronrprniiie Marian Iremavne. that he could no longer trust himself to speak. His heart was full of mingled fury and ; dread. _ . J As they stepped into the closed carriage, j another vehicle stopped at the door, and a voice demanded how the injured man fared. ' I have left orders that no one is to be admitted to his room,' spoke up Dr. All- bright. ' I am a physician, sir.' Then he is tetter? I am the clergy man of this parish, and am glad that he is not in urgent need of my services, as I have a pressing engagement at Me&ford; Hali.' ' And so have we,' spoke up the doctor, quickly. ' And our business may be identical.' The clergyman smiled pleasantly. ' You are friends ofhis grace,' he said, ' and I see that he has invited you to his wedding. I am to officiate. I suppose you are going to the Hall now ?' ' Yes, I am really glad to have met you. Oblige by allowing your coachman to lead the way,' ' with pleasure. The vehicles rolled away, the occu pants of one full of pleasurable import ance, the occupants of the other stern and grim, the weight of a great oppres sion upon them.l ' Even if the rascally duke's plans are favourable to himself thus far, we are at least in time to foil him,' Athol said, with some satisfaction. ' I am puzzled how the clergyman and his curate have fallen into the trap. I am sure that the vicar would countenance nothing ot a doubtful nature. Sir George Granville eagerly scrutin ized the face of the lodgekeeper as he opened the gates. The. man did not hesi tate to admit them, seeing that they ac companied the vicar, and there was no, shadow upon his features ; he evidently believed that nil was well with my lord duke, and smiled in a knowing sort of way. " . . ' Good morning, Adams,' the vicar said. ' I hope that the trouble that has befallen the secretary- has not upset his grace.' 1 I hope not, sir, snd I ain'c sure that my lord knows about it yet. The butler did say there was no need to worry nim on his wedding day.' ' The case is not so bad as was at first r : ported,' the vicar replied. ' The duke's London physician, who is behind, had just left the wounded man.' The lodgekeeper touched his cap to the carriage and grinned. ' It isn't a very bright morning for a wedding, and the. wedding of our great duke, too,' Adams went on ;but we've planned a little surprise, sir, me and the butler, and Williams, sir, and I may as well tell you about it, as his grace may blame you.' ' Blame me ?' ' Yes, sir, Williams, the professional bellringer from Birmingham, is down here visiting his sister, and he got talking about your peal' of bells, sir, and didn't think they could be of any account in this little parish. So the butler lets up and says they are the prettiest inThe country, and promised Williams he would get you to let him chime them sir. Well he 1 showed them to Williams and we planned & surprise, and his grace will have the grandest wedding peals in the world, for nobody can beat Williams 1' At first the clergyman and his curate, who was with him, were annoyed and angry, for my loi'd had expressly forbid den any bellringtng, and his displeasure would be great. It was two miles to the church, and they were only just in time for the ceremony. To go brick and turn Williamsjcut of the belfry would occupy an hour. There was no h dp for it, and, after all, there would not be much harm I done. ' This may cost you your place,' he said, severely. ' His gtace particularly re quested that there should be no demon strations until his return home next spring.' - The lodgekeeper looked a little crest fallen. He admitted that the servants were aware of the nature of the wedding, but the peals that Williams would ring would more than compensate for the libeities they had taken. At that moment the wintry air was startled by a fantastical predule, wafted from the church tower that stood upon the hill behind the village of Medford. That's Williams 1' exclaimed the lodge keeper. 'That's him, sir But what's he ringing ?' The man is playing a joke, upon us,' the vicar ejaculated, angrily: ' More like he's drunk, sir. He told us that he could, always 'rin j better when he'd had a drop.' The vicar stepped out ot nts carriage < in great perplexity, and was joined by Dr, Allbright and Sir George Granville, for the air was now flooded with ajmelody of sounds. Never had the Bells of Medford Church rollicked in this ridiculous fashion before. I will instantly discharge the verger for giving up the keys without consulting me,1 the clergyman fumed. ' Gentlemen, u;e had better proceed to the house, and it is be hoped that his grace cannot hear the mad jingle. A man must be sent on horseback to put a stop to it.' But the sounds of jocundity suddenly changed ,to a requiem. Then came the solemn and awe-inspir ing sound of the passing-bell, its monoto nous dirge striking a chill into every heart. As the two vehicles nearedthe house, halfa dozen servants came forward, among whom was the bulter, and the vicar at once addressed him angrily. J ' I las, life, grace remarked upon the bell- ringing ?' he demanded. 'The man you have arranged with to ring them is evident ly intoxicated, and some one had better be sent to spot him.' ; ' I think it must be by the duke's orders. sir,' the butler replied. ' I thought that you had given Williams the order to ring the passing-bell.' ' What nonsense are you talking ? Is not this the duke's wedding-day ? Here are several guests, and the bride must be waiting.' ' That may be.fs'r ; but Mr. Tremayne died this morning, and I haven't seen my master since eight o'clock. He is engaged in the library, in the west wing, with a foreign-looking gentleman. I believe that he wants no alterations in the wedding arrangements, as everybody has strict orders net to mention the death of the old gentleman in Miss Tremayne's hear- ine.' ' The lady is well ?' the Earl of Lytte demanded, tremulously, for he was now standing at the side of the clergyman. ' Yes, sir ; I believe so. sir.' ' Thank Heaven! thank Heaven!' cried the young man, much to the astonishment of the vicar and ths butler. ' Come, Gran ville ; come, doctor. There is no need for further waste of time. Officer, you stand in the hall, ready to obey us, if your ser- vicers are needed.' The clergyman and his curate wer e simply dumbfounded, and looked appeal- ingly at our friends, while the bulter put on an air of dignity. ' Gentlemen, I cannot admit you until I know your business, and I don't think that we've got any use for a policeman here.' I haven't a card,' Athol replied, ' but go direct to his grace and inform him that Lord Lytte and some friends desire to see him immediately. The butler was satisfied., and the party followed him into a reception-roomi ' Gentlemen,' Athol continued to the Vicar and his curate, ' there will be no wedding to-day. Miss Tremayne has been decoyed her against her will by a scoun drel, and that scoundrel is the Duke of Medfotd. If you choose, you can stay to see the villain unmasked — the villain who attempted last night to murder his own servant. He is even now engaged with the brother of some poor girl that he bas ruined. J ust then there was a loud yell of horror from one of the servants, and the passing- bell said : 'Toll, toll, loll 1' ( To be continued). Floriline. — For tho Teeth and Breath. — A few dropsof liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth bruslijproduces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleansesthe teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardona'tho gums, prevents tartar, stopsjdecay, and gives the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odours arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet dis covery of the age. Price 2s 6d, sold by all Chora ists and perfumers. Wholesale depot, 33 Farring don road London, England. Throat Affections and Hoarseness. — All suf fering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the inoBt immedate relief afforded by the use of " Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famouB ' lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this_ country at Is. lid par box. People troubled with a " hacking cough," a " slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as siiniliar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary nd Asthmatic affections. See that the words a'Brown's Bronchial Troches' are on the Government Stamp around each |box. — Prepared by John I. Brown A Sons, Boston, U.S.- European depot, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England; 