Nights in the Cabin. (From the German of Heinrich Heine.) Translator’s Note : I fear I have not been very successful in my rendering of No. 7 of the first cycle of Heine’s “ North Sea.” But I have been haunted by the philosophy and Welt schmerz of the verse and could only lay the ghost by attempting the rendering:— “ Dein Arm ist Kurz, und der JELimmel ist weit— What a Hamlet like mood the poet discloses ! Might not Hamlet himself have dreamed exactly that wild, sweet reverie, on the famous voyage to England, say at the moment, when there was a kind of fighting in his brain that would not let him sleep ? The sea it hath its pearls, The heaven hath its stars, And so, my heart, my heart, My full heart, hath its love. Great are the sea and the heaven, Yet greater is my heart; And brighter than pearls or stars. Flashes and beams my love. Thou little, youthful maiden, Come to my great true heart; My heart and the sea and the heavens Dissolve from purest love. On the blue sky’s canopy, Where the lovely stars are shining, Fain would I my lips be pressing, Wildly pressing ; wildly weeping. Yonder stars are my love’s eyes, My love’s eyes a thousand fold Shining there in friendly greeting From the blue sky’s canopy. To that blue sky’s canopy, To those eyes of my beloved, Eaise I, worship full, my arms, And I pray and plead devoutly. “ Kindly eyes, and gracious lanterns, In my soul your blessings pour ! Let me die, and gain in dying, You, and your whole realm of heav’n.” * * ^ From those heavenly eyes above me, Through the night, the golden radiance Trembling pours, until my spirit Far as Love, and farther, stretches. 0, ye heavenly eyes above me! Weep your tears into my spirit; Brim your gleaming starry teardrops, Till my soul i3 overflowing. * # # Cradled in the heavenly billows, Eock’d to rest by dreamy thinking, Lie I, silent, in my cabin, In my bunk in gloomy corner. Thro’ the open porthole’s vista Clearest stars I see above me, Eyes of love, the sweet eyes are they Of my sweet, beloved darling, Those beloved sweet eyes, watchful Guard upon my head are keeping, And they gleam and beckon brightly From the can’py blue above me. To that can’py blue above me, Gaze I, blissful hours and placid, Till the white mist-veil arises, Hides from me those eyes of beauty, * * * On the wooden vessel’s walls, Where my dreaming head is resting, Surge the billows, the tameless billows. They rustle and whisper So soft in my ear ; “ O foolish fellow ! Thy arm is short, and heaven is far. And those stars above are firmly fastened With golden nails— All vain thy longing and useless thy sighing. ’Twere best for thee thou fellest asleep ! 4? * * I dreamed of a distant heath deserted, Deep overlaid with softest, whitest snow ; And under that white snow I lay sepulchred— And slept the cold and lonely sleep of death. Yet overhead there looked from skies all darkling, Down on my lonely grave those starry eyes,— Those loved, sweetest eyes, which shone victorious, In calm content—yet ever full of love. J. G. 