WOOING A PHANTOM. 'COMPLETE JN PUREE INSTALMENTS. TBANSLJTED FROM THE ORIGINAL OF HAyRIOH.JOKM. By LOUIS FELBERMANN. An Queensland Rights Reserved,! ( Coiilinuiil .) " I hog your pardon," said tho ntoward, getting quite polo. "I think I ought to tell you that I.nm suffering from a vory peculiar ailment. The air whioh enters my lungs turns .jllto hydrogen, Any room in whioh I remain for an hour or sp becomes ontirely filled with hydrogen through my exhalations, apd if a candle wero brought into tho room or a match struck thore, tho whole castle would ho lfiown . I foil hack in my nltoir, muttering to myself, " Good heavens, this man is a lunatic, too, He is No. 5, and I myself am No. 0 to have bought such 'aproporty us this. What shall I do now P If I remain here I shall become a thoroughpucod lunutio myself ; on the athor band, if I louvo tho castle, with its iovelygarflon and estate, shall Inot ho a greater fool Htill p " I dooided, hawover, to quit tho place. " Good-bye, sir," I Biiid to tho steward. " No, don't nooompnny mo " (he lmd prepared io do so), " for perhaps somoono outsido has been exhaling oxygen, and if these two guses moot tboy will turn into water, and I shall not be able to swim out of it." ' I was very angry, and on my way out I pushed asido this servant and that, and finally look tho vulot Louis by tho throat us be stood in tho way. Ho roared with .'laughter as I hold him in my grip. I said : " Laugh away, my friend Louis. Yon hnvo how good reason to do so. Let lis both laugh— have a kind of duot. Ha, ha, lia, ha I Try jf you can im prove on that. Ho, liol". Tho vnlot joined in, " Ha, lia, ho ho ! " "All right, that will do. Olear out, and loll all tho other fools that thoy must not dare to oome lioar me, for I am a madman, who oan lino on human flesh ; and I shall start with you." . Tho man ' hastily left me, hut not without ixplosioiiB of laughter. Having shut the door on him, I paced up ind down the room like a man who has got himself into a pretty piokle. Fouri- rooms ipening into enoh otlior constituted my private ipartmonts, and thoy scorned to he too little us f walked restlessly to and fro, Tho firo was Mazing in the hearth ; tho suppor was on the l ablo. I would not oat — who knows what lunutio has cooked tho food P— perhaps some iitugiic-atricken fowl, which would produce a revolution on my stomach. My lied, moreover, vna made ; and I thought of retiring forthwith to rest. My mind waa wavering. Should I leavo the estate, and buy auotherP This would oat up die whole of my snare capital, and I should have nothing to work with. This was absurd. Should I bring an notion ngninst the lawyer P N'o ; for anyone who goea to luw is n lunutio. Oil, how catching this compluint scorned to be. Then I said to myself: "If I remain here, and hike no notice of tho peculiarities of these servants wlion thoy play nntlcB before me, but keep a svritoh for thorn, and give them : taste of it now and thou, I might bo able to manage with them. Bat, after all, who oould iiavo the lioart to beat sueli miserable objects?" Next I thought of selling tho property, but here my oonsoionuo stepped in: No ono would buy it, unloss I coneoaled tho truth about tho servants, and this I could scarcoly do, though must confess tliut if nnyono lmd at that moment put down two thousand pounds for the property I should probably lmvo talcon it. I could oonio to no determination, and I workqd myself up into an angry and impatient condition. I looked at tlio pictures on tho walls, and wisliod that those Yonernblo' ances tors would stop out of their frames, and come and havo a littlo supper with mo at .my table, talking a gibberish of which I did not under stand u word. What an iiboriiiiuiblo nuisance that people should keep their, ancestors iu frames, and infliot thcin upon the purohiisor of fclioir proporty ! Whenever ho opens a door ho thinks thore is ono of them standing before him. It would bo far better if thoy wero old- fashioned, respectable ghosts, who eamo. up lirough the floor, or dawn from the ceiling, with a rustling of drains, or invlsiblo spectres who hoot like tho midnight owl. I put out the lights ono by ono and wont to bed. Tbo moon, that patroness, of. fools, looked through my window just as if alio had nothing olso to do but to innko fucos at mo. I lmd never bofore scon licr sorow up hor mouth at mo, and squint like sho did now. Never did a pumpkin-faced clown make suoh grim aces at anyone. I felt vory muoli annoyed., At last I perceived a bed curtain, ' avhieh I drew to ono sidorso tlmt it prevented the moon from doing all these things at mo— whioh sho had no business to do. Suddenly it begau to got dark in the room, but bv the occasional flioker of tbo fire I just perceived in tho obscurity tlio picture of tho ueceasod count on tho well. It was quite facing ma— and it Boomed .to bo coming nearer and noarar until it wub at iny side, and feeling mypulso and lowering its eyebrows, exclaimed, "Thore is ono lunatic more in tho pluce." Yes, every nnimato and every inaniinnte object in this place had deoided to linunt me. Whon I drew down a eord whioh wns iittachod to the. clack, in ordor to wind it up, it commenced to strike, and wont on striking hundreds and hundreds of timos — I counted 250 Btrokos, and thou lost tho reckoning. I noticed a sort of littlo screw tap nt the edge ofmy bed near thu wall. Out' of impatient curiosity I twisted it round two or three times. The bod thorcupon gave a deep sigh or groan, and I folt myself sinking down and down, until tho bod was as flat as a sheet of napor. - I jumped up in a fury. What waa it? Oh, yes, of oourso, it wua an air bed; and I had simply let out tlio air. But I began to get euvuge. Not only wero my servants stupid, hut everything olso wns playing the fool — pictures, bed, moon, &o.;, &o.; But I grow'dotcrmined. "No," I said to mysolf, "I will notlosvo tlio castle. I shall stay hero. I will break in these servants, stibduo the servants, modify the clooks, and " Suddenly something stopped my reflections. What was itP Tho sound of ethereal musio, -just us if tlio' voice bf somo nugol had been wafted to my oars. I oould not imagine wlioro it enme from, hut it seemed to bo noar and distuut by turns, and it dcoply excited my footings. Then it vnnlRnod altogether— hut nut until I laid been - quite enohanted, I hud now forgotten the anxiotles conueoted with my new household. I opened the wiudow, gazed into the moon light and llstoncd. Tho window looked out on the oourtvard, hut no sound was audible save the oocaBional hark of a dog. I went out into the corridor, and us I stopped to listen to the eoho of my own footsteps I heard tlio voice again. It sounded now us though it wore beneath mo. It was a beautiful inolanoholy voioo, whioh was not singing a worded song, but a sort of fantasia such us diotnted by im pulse — a melody omuuating from tho soul. It fiud neithor rhythm nor measure ; it was like tho musio of tho forest birds. Yet. it wns so exolting, so heavenly, that I stood transflxod to tho spot. Presently, liowover, it stopped ugiiio, and I regained tho mastery ovor mysolf, and then I surmised that there must bo another lunutio in tlio' houso— a girl who did nothing but sing, und who probably lived in ono of tlio rooms bonoatli. I took iny candlo and com menced to search for tho uiihcoii syren. It was not, a vory nioo curiosity on my part, hut I simply wanted to got nearer to her, without wiRning to invado her privacy ; so that I might listen to lior singing through n single wall, It scemod as though the old castle lmd boon built in such a maimer that any visitor quitting his room ut night should ho uimblo to find his way baok. I wandered over tho entire first storey, through two or three winding corridors; I passed down ono staircase and up another ; throo timoB I walked print a certain olook, finally I . opened . the door of a ohauther which aeomou to bo familiar to me. It was my bedroom, and I don't know liow I got back to it. I know this, howover — that, to. my gccut surprise, I noticod that tho air cushions of my bsd wero again properly blown out. that in tlio grato a ohoorfnl flro had boon re-kindled, and (lint the big picture .whioh liuug near tho bod had boon covored with a green curtain. Some one mast havo- been hero. I commenced to' lis ton once more. Aoalu I heard tho voioo— now it eeemcd to be overheard. Atlast I went to bed for the second time. Somothing seemed to draw me downwards ; and I folt lific a child' being rooked in its oradle by a nurse who is singing. to it, and wfio sings sudsings until the infant is asleop. I only awoke from my dreams at olght in the morning. ' Thoy say that the impression of a dream sometimes decides the destiny of a man. That day I-suid to mysolf that these strange beings who had boon thrown into the bargain when I bought my estate Wore, if proporly considered, real treasures, und that anyone, for instance, would be very dull of perception if lie did not seo in that silly follow, who was a mere laughing mnobine, ono of tho most faithful sorvants breathing. He brought mo my break fast singing and dancing. IIow lie laughed as he entered my room polishing ono of iny top- boots. Faithful, too, was that wutchman whom no thief could surprise, and who finished every sentence with " This lord is lord even in the realms below"— not a very pleasant suggestion, hut ono with whioh I must put up. And then that gnome, with his glittering eyes — what would not a French novelist give to possoss liiih for a character study. The coaoh- rami, always orying about his imaginary crime, would not steal one grain of hiH master's oats. Finally, my scholarly steward, whoso know ledge of chemistry had sent lilm a littlo off his head, know every intricacy of my eBtuto ; and altogether tho late Count, whito oxoroisuig philanthropy by adopting theso lunatics, had made of them n body of most dovotefi sorvants ; and I folt It would he a great pity ou my part not -to continue his noble work. Honestly, however, I must confess that underlying this fine resolve in my mind wus a deop curiosity to solve the invstory connected with that syren whom I had heard hut not seen. I did not quite know what remedy would ho tlio host to administer to theBe domestics for their mental uilinents ; hut I felt sure that nothing was so effeotivo in the ouro of imbcaility as a good idea, and I applied one or two of llie ideas whlah ocourred to ino with great sucooss. Louis was very fond of wins, and if he oould only get hold of it ho was so jocund all day that yon could do nothing witli him by reason of his oontinuul explosions of laughter.: Ono day, us ho wus laughing most licurtily, I told him to bring mo a bottle of water. He brought it and placed it before mo ; whereupon I shouted to him : " What hove you nut iu this bottle P" ' " . "IP Nothing, my lord— nothing but tho ivator, " ho replied, liiughing, " Havou't you put poison in itP" . "IP Ha, lia ; ho, no I" " Let me see whether you have the courage to drink it yourself." -y- j The laughter departed from his lips, and he got frightened, not' of the poison, but of the water. "If it is true that you dldu't. poison the water, drink it lioro before mo.',' Ho drank tt few drops and put it down again, looking at mo with an undecided glunco us if not knowing whother I was in jost or oarnost. " Drink tlio whole of it," I shouted, in an angry tone. Tho unfortunate mnn then applied tlio bottle to his mouth und swallowed thowliolo contents. Ho wns awfully serious afterwards, and laughod no more — being indeed mightily offended. I said to him: " Henceforth, whenever I ask you for water, bring two glasses — I will drink one und you the otlior." This ouro had excellent results, and rid him of a groat many, of his laughing fancies; though lie coinpluinod to tho sorvants tlmt he feared his master had got a triilo wroitg in his head. ' After that we ngrood vory well together. Ho drank his glass of water every day, and got more sensible. Onoo only did lie play a practical joke upon mo. Whon I sent film for a bottle of wine he brought two glasses, and poured one out for liiinself to show tliut thore was no poison in it. Tho ' excellent gatokooper gave me less troublo. Tlio little idiot of a huntsman lmd no ambitiou higlior than tlmt of wearing a rod coat, suoh us is worn by fox-hunters. I bought him one, and thoncoforth I don't think any man living oould have driven It out oMiis head that he was tlio moat important man' on tho face of tho earth. lulso did a good turn for the coaohman. One day when ho was crying very muoh, and I felt sorry for him, I inquired, " Have you evor been punished fqr tho ' crimo whioh you oonimitted." "No, air, novor," he replied, mournfully. "That is a great pity, If you wore punishod, your heart would foel lighter. What do you say to my giving you forty strokes with a atiok as an expiation for tlio misdeed P" , The man jumped at tho idea, saying, "Indeed it would do me a world of good. I hnyo thought' of this for a long timo, but never dared to'nsk for lts fulfilment. But I should feel so' muoh hotter after it. He lay down before ' me- on the floor so that I should beat hiuq thou mud there, ."No, my friend," I replied, " I am not a professional torturer, hut I will sond for Louis, und ho will douhtloss give you a satisfactory thrashing." ' I summnnod Louis, made him tlrinlc a' wholo bottloof wuter so that ho should not oxplodo with- laughter during the performance. Tho experiment was wonderfully successful. I hud to® Louis not to heat tho follow too uninoroi- fully, hut tho oouclumin implored mo to count the strokos so that he should not got less than thirty, and ho kept calling out to Louis to deal him heavier blows, whioli Louis did most con scientiously, tlio lust one— the thirtieth — being so tremendous that tlio follow Boomed quite satisfied and dcsirouH of no more. A great weight had boon lifted from his mind. He regained his good humour, and whon anyone asked him how this hud happened, he repliod that, by tho consent of his master, he lmd bceu able to oxpiute oue of tho most awful crimes imaginable. As regards the little gnome he still gavo lihnself ull tho haughty airs of a Roman knight. Ho funoiod ho oould do all binds of tilings, and he in fuot managed to catoh several llvo wolves aud cago them und was not itfruid to enter tho ca'jje, but lie would not bo ordered to do any thing. Ho reflected that ho was tlio King of Lapland — especially when tho moon wus nt the full. At suoh periods you could do nothing with tho littlo dwarf, and ho would uttempc to throttlo anyone with whom ho had a griev- anco. Ono night I heard thnt the wild.-bnara bad mnde a raid front the forest aud were treading down iny Indian corn. I seized my gun und called for this Nimrod, askiug him to oome out and help me shoot them. He lookod at me with glittering oyes und distended nostrils,, and,' I oould see tlmt lie wus feeling for the liiints- uiun's knifo concealod in his bolt. Louis, tho valet, flod for his life from this dangerous- looking littlo fellow who, addressing mo in a ferocious nnd contemptuous tone, exclaimed, "Do you, know, sir, lam tho King of Lap land." ' "And I am the Ozar of Russia," I repliod with on iuiporiul air. Immodiatoly ho dropped his knife, made a profound bow, took his ( un, und unhesitatingly accompanied mo, saying, "Oil, that is qtiito another affair." Thenceforth ho never opposed my will, never tlireatenod mo in secret, nnd ulways showed mo that feudal loyalty duo from tlio King of Lapland to liis superior,- tho Ozar of Muscovy. At tho somo timo he . hocamo prouder than evor towards ovoryone olso. My steward, who followod with greattjnter- est tho various stugos of ray racdioal treatmonts, seomod to ho laughing at mo, as though he would sire: " You can ouro all theso lunatios, but I doty you to Invent a remedy for me." It is trao that liis fixed doluslon war a diffi cult ono to remove. But I mudo un experiment for liis benefit, One day I ordered from Budn- Fostli n big indlarubbcr bag. On its nrrivul I showed it to him in his room, where tho usual Davy lamp was burning. Wo said good evening, and I then placed the hag in one corner of tlio roam. "What is that?" inquired tlio steward. ' "AnolnRtio hag," I replied with a sorioua face. " I havo just procured it." "And for what purpose?" "The fuot is I want to illuminate this oastle with gas. I am tired of tbeso Davy lamps, oral I want to muko with you a contract whioh you will find very remunerative. "In what way, sir?" "Why, you oxhalo hydrogen from your lungs. I will buy it, and store jt up in that bag, paying you so much per oubio foot. Tlio constant supply whioh I shall obtain from you will siiffloo to brilliantly illuminate tho oastle. Hint bug contains twenty oubio foot. I shall pump tho gus into it from your mouth, and pay you three florins ovory time it is filled— every day. You can havo tlio first month's payment on uocount," I added, putting a handful of silver down on the tsblo. to be 'concluded To-xonnow- " M.Joan Ftimoais Blondia, the "Hereof Niagara," wus. on Novombcr 20 J married at the Brentford Registry Offloe to Miss Kathorfiie James, of Blackpool. 