PERSONAL A vorger wiw allowing a lady over a church. She asked him if hb vicar was a married man. He answered! "No, he is a chalybqate ! " Sir TTnrrv H. Johnston will not return to \- British Central Africa. He is marked out for a colonial Governorship. But with the missionary murders he is just now wanted very badly in his old place. ' " Major Lotliniro (the murderer of Mr. Stokes in tho Congo Free State) will leave shortly for Madagascar. Ho is to bo entrusted with a mis sion on behalf of King Lcopoldand the French -Government. . Of Lord Biachford (Sir Frederic -Rogers)— that man Rogers of Mr. Higinbotham— it is said ; that he was undoubtedly a man of great knowledge, great ability, deliberate without, slowness, nnsiduoun, confident, and as loyal to hiB duties ns if instead of being gentleman nnd secretary he had been gentleman and soldier. Tho late Bishop of London was noted for his gruff and overbearing demeanor. It lias been alleged that the words which the London clergy most frequently heard during the lost 11 years from the lips of their clii?f pastor were— "What's your name ?" "What do you want?" "No." They may reckon for tho future upon a milder and a not less efficient reign. Sir Honry Hawkins has completed 20 years of service on the bench. On the 2nd of November, 1870, lie succeeded Mr. Justice Blackburn, who was then made a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary. Sir Honry HawkinB reached his 79th birthday over three months ago — 14th September. Ho was admitted a student of tho Middle Tomplo as far back as April, 1829. Mrs. Grote, -wife of the historian,; was described by De Tocquoville ns " the cleverest woman of his acquaintance." She was very vain, however, anil Mr.' Hare- relates that' in' publishing. tho life of her husband, Mr. Murray had to insist on suppressing tho following seiitenco:— "When George Grote and I wero young we wero equally distinguished by tho beauty of our persons and the vivacity of our conversation." Br. F. E. Gladstone ha3 been telling an amus ing examination story to tho Royal College Of Organists. The examiner evidently had in his mind the time it takes for sound to travel : nnd he asked : " When n regiment is marching with tho band playing, do tho soldiers' legs all move at the same time?" And n candidate, without a smile on his face, quietly replied: "The soldiers' legs obviously cannot all move together, because the left legs move at one time and the right at another." The new Bishop of London has a keen sense of -humor. During a confirmation tour in ths diocese of Peterborough, Dr. Creighton put up one evening in an old manor house, nnd slept in a room supposed to be haunted. Next morning, at breakfast, tho Bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost. "Yes," ho replied, with great solemnity, " but I have laid the spirit ; it will never trouble you again." On being further interrogated as to what ho had done, the Bishop said: " The ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards the restoration of Peterborough Cathedral." When Dr. Temple was Principal of Kneller Hall, a training collego for masters " for work house and for penal schools," ho himself gene rally joined in the garden labor, "in 'order that this essential part of the system might not be undervalued." And her Majesty's inspector, ; writing regarding the work at Kneller Hall on ono occasion, said, " I have seen tho whole of \- the students working in a gang at spade hus bandry, with the principal in his shirt sleeves at their head." Lawn sleeves, which Dr. Temple now affects, are not quite suited for work of this character. Here iB a story told by a relative of Lady Longford, the original of Lady Kew in Thacke- \- ray's Nticcomcs:— "Lady Langford lind only onco aeon her cousin, Lord Langford, when he camo to visit her grandmother, and tho next day the old lady tolu her she was to marry him. 'Very well, grandmamma, but when?' — 'I never in my life heard such an impertinent question, 'eaid tho grandmother, ' what business is it of yours when you are to marry him? You will marry him when I tell you. However, whenever you hear mo order six horses to the carriage yon may know that you are going to bo married!' Andsoit was." Tho Rev. Dr. Bevan was at one time a promi nent minister of . London Congregationalism — a pastor of -Highbury ; but recognising that there was not, room for both himself and Dr. Parker in this part of the world, is the Daily Chronicle' a comment,' he wisely transferred himself to tho southern hemisphere, leaving the Boanerges of Holborn-Vinduct in exclusive possession of tho northern. For the past 10,- years he has been the minister of the Collins-street Congregational Church, an immense -Oriental-looking edifice, where his vigorous, and at-timeB eccentric, elo- . quence always draws crowded congregations. He bears a wonderful facial resemblance to tho lato John Bright. Lord Cecil («fo), a Bon of Lord Salisbury, is a great apioulturist, : and having heard of the existence in Italy of a famous queen bee, ha wished to buy it; -For this purpose he wrote to a wolblmaWn firm of bbe cultivators at Como through their agent in London. In due time a ' telegram from London reached Hatfield announcing -"that the queen would nrrive on Tuesday at 3 o'clock." Whereupon, 'according to the Secolo, this interesting fact becoming known in the place, the inhabitants turned out to greet "her MnjcBty," bands playing and fags flying. Imagine thoir disappointed amaze ment when they beheld tho queen in her hive handed out of the luggage van ! We fear this story belongs to tho be n trovalo rather than to the aero. ..-The late Archbishop Magee's greatest popular success was his speech to the working men at the church congress. At this meeting Magoe said much the . same when", as Arohbishop of York, he addressed the working men of Hull, 1891\. Ho dwelt upon the increasing power, in Church and State, that was coining to the ' working olosses, and deprecated the flattery which so many were ready te offer them on tliat account. He described a despotic monarch, in ! times past, surrounded with his courtierB and flatterers. Ho said the Bame danger, which had been tho ruin of kings, was now threatening tho working men. He urow a picture of a modern demagogue paying the same court to pcoplo that royal flunkeys paid to kings, and he ! finished off by saying that a demagogue was only a " flunkey turned inside out." On Oeoil Rhodes's homeward journey to Eng land after the Transvaal Raid episode the Moor . broke down so often that the skipper was obliged to put in to the Senegal const. A native camo down to tho boat offering for sale a rug or oaunterpane made from the feathers on the breast of some kind of water fowl. It was a very lovely thing, and the Scnc'gali would have sold it for 12s. Mr. Cecil really wanted the rug, or whatever it was, but ho would only offer the Senegali 10a. The great statesman and tho naked savage haggled over this, through the interpreter, for 10 minutes, while wo Bat back in-tho boat and waited to see what would come ' of the mooting. "What happened Btruck us dumb with astonishment. Rhodes yefusod to come to tho Scnegnli's figure and wont away nnd loft the rug for some other buyer. Cecil Rhodes, two- thirds owner of the great De Beers diamond mine, yet refusing to pay the difference of 2s. I 