Shrouded inMyslery OR, Which Girl Did He Marry ? By Skipp Borlase, ATjthob op ' Fob Tbub Love's Baeb.* 11 Thbeb Lovely Wom*®,'* m Dabreb Jhan Death,' ' An Ockan Secret,' ' Recalled To Life,' 44 Riches to liuiNi' 'Who Killbd Jobh CaUFRON 7 ' ' TBK l'OUCE Mimstfb.' Etc. I chapter lxxvii — (Contikueiv). | CAPTAIN LEIGH PLAYS A KEYBNOKPOL AND A CBAFT1' GAME. 11 Sbe poisoned the groom ia order to become your lad3', but sbe -lid it so clumsily that she failed, to Kill him outright. 1 thought, Bir Harry, that yoa knew nil this ; and aleo ot the man's after persecutions of her for hush mouoy, and that it was on t hose account* that yoa were last sight so eager to slay the scoundrel, as— as — as. in 6hort, he richly deserved,' explained Captain Leigh in accents of commiseration. *'1—1 never even guessed anything ot the Hod,' stammered tbe baronet, '.It is true 'that there was much that was very sus picious about many circumstances, bat — but, 1 mast have been a blind fool. 1 can see it now, by the light that you have just thrown upon tbe entire affair. The branded arm— the voice on the roof of Clegg Hall — the demand he made ajioa her for money and the sly and artful manner in which she endeavored to satisfy it without incriminat ing hereelf— aye, aye, 1 see everything uow, and that her sister and her parents rauBt have been as deep in the plot as she was herself.' ' A very extraordinary family, my dear Sir parry— the old lady next door to a fool and the father an unmitigated savage— a man of blood, Sir Harry— a man of blood. Thrashed a boy to death some years ago — did indeed— matter hushed up with great difficulty — evidence suppressed — had to pension the mother (a widow) for life by way of atonement— very sad affair. What could yon expect from the offspring of such a couple 7 Never was so shocked and horrified, 1 do assure you, as when 1 found oat that my dear boy had lost his gppapH over one of the girls — yours that should have been butforthcvcry remarkable fraud which they managed to play off on yoa. 'Pon my soul and body, I'm almost glad that Lancelot has, got out of such an entanglement even at flie terrible price he bis had, and still may have, to pay for it. Tear own position, my dear Sir Harry, 1 do assure you. 1 most keenly feel for. Might X, on the strength of those feelings, ask you. without Riving offence, what the rascal Greenwood abducted yoar— or rather his own— wife for f He could not have had any lot* for her after the way in which she had treated him, nor coald she have retained any tor him.' '1 am Inclined to think, in fact everr aionisnt I am growing more and more con vinced. that the entire affair has been a vile-swindle, got up between them in order to extort a thousand pounds from me. Then the fire at Clegg Hall— great heaven, she may have set the very home of my ancestors aflame as a cover and a blind to her infamous tjroceediogs, and I've every reason for fear fig that in that fire was destroyed a venerable and attached old servant, who bas aer*i*4 my family for more than half a AonHipr *or she alone of all tbe inmates has never been ?iaoe- How— Bath Greenwood, 1 shoC^ »theI «5--°'ed her a deep and titter gru^ «'! °n« wciKd the dame of attcT-i*'* to poison ber, Bat I've after all no right . ? ore-judge ber, and I may be entirely mistaken in ~ events these last suspicions ' ' It's far more probable that you are not,' ffttorted Captain Leigh, while his real eyes glittered with delight at the storm which his tongue had so successfully brewed. «« Aye,' he added, ' I would dare to wager at long odds that yoa are not. Eemembcr the penalty, the maternity, and the bringing up of those two girls, my dear Sir Harry. But, there, I'm sot a scandalmonger or a mischief jnaker, so 1 pray you to turns as wen 01 them as you can. Vet, nevertheless. I mo hope and trust that you will not willingly submit to be swindled, and I say swindled advisedly, out of bo prodigiouB a sum as a thousand pounds. Oh, it makes me shudder to of the frequent enormous profits of chicanery and wickedness, when I, who have lost an eye and my health in the service of my own country, would, on a score of oocasions during the past twelve months, have gone almost wild with joy at finding myself unexpectedly the richer by tveu a thousand shillings, aye, or would you believe it, by even a thousand pence. Yon won't consent to be swindled by a scheming villain, I do entreat yoa, Sir Harry, in the £aose o£ public morality, if for no other reason on* of thousand pounds, when thure are honC^^ and upright men who could be saved pef^P® *rom Jaia or cv®n suicide by a tithe of tbe .amount, aye, or by a tithe of that again ?' , ,, The captain spoke pleadingly, c °4a®afV even, and with tears welling from ou. ^ real eye and streaming down the pertaining check. ' Give him the thousand ponndB ? give them the thousand pounds 7 I'd see them both rot in goal, as they've afforded me something more than a chance of doing, before they ehonld swindle me out of a single shilling,' exclaimed the baronet, with vindictive fury. 11 And the decision does yon credit, ' answered Captain Leigh, approvingly. ' It is a duty which we owe to society to punish vice as well as to reward virtue, and, though the one is a painful and the other a pleasur able task, we must in this world take the thorns along with the roses. Part of your I speech, however, causes me an acute pang, my dear Sir Harry, and it is the way in whiGh you allude to your present most 1 affecting and undeserved position. You surely do not imagine, for a single moment, U»t my uuuje-iuiuueu uuj wm uuiu juu any way accountable for a mere mistake ? H so, I do assure you that you most cruelly misjudge him, for if he recovers, and the latest verdict of tbe doctors is that lie will, the case passes out of the hands of the Crown into his own, aud he will not for an iDStant think of prosecuting it any farther. Alas, would that he was as certain of the future as yourself, but I tremble at the thought of what that infernal woman may have brought down upon his devoted head, for he even slew an Hanoverian soldier in her husband's defence, and of coarse at her instigation. Great heavens, he may only recover in order to be hanged for the deed.' ' Bat he slew him in a fair fight ?' queried the baronet. ' Oh, yes, yes, in fair fight of coursc, as yon and I should call it, but in the eye of the law there is no such thing as fair fight between a soldier of the King and a rebel.' 41 Never mind, sir, we will both of us hope for the best, and 1 do assure you that from this moment my parse and my political influences are alike at your scrvice. 1 am personally acquainted with several members of the present Government, and you doubtlesB know what that may be capable of effecting in the case of a mere political offeno. Therefore, 1 say, again hope for the best, for 1 will not leave a stone unturned in my endeavors to win yonr son his freedom. Egad, no matter bow thoroughly I succeed 1 shall scarcely be able thereby to cancel tbe debt that I at present owe him.' But Captain Leigh combated this state ment with all the power of bis somewhat florid eloquence. ! The baronet's promise to place his purie, as veil a® his influence, at biB service had Ailed him with almost delirious joy, and in fancy be already saw the thousand pounds that bad been intended for Greenwood flow ing in a golden, clinking stream into bis own pocket; indeed, when a few minutes later he hade 6lr Harry farewell, with a fresh outburst of gratitude and — humbug — he felt as though he was treading on air instead of the cold prison flagstones, and when he had got outside the walls which so tightly ^enclosed many a lesser villain, he couldn't help muttering to himself : 'Tve certainly gratified my hate, and maybe I've made my fortune into the bargain. At all events, the purse and the friendship of a man like Bir Barry Howarth will be capital things to draw on.' He was still 4a tbis jubilant mood when who should be run up against but one of the bttttifal girls whom he had so foully namely* Base Cameron, Lady Stranraer, en the way to visit Sir Harry Howarth in his eeU, in pursuance of Hal* Greenwood's oommands and her father's ftad mother** recommendation and As bn had iruaciocii that j»b-? had already started for London, the unexpected meeting iJieconccrliil hiiu eonK-wlml, causing him to Gtammor out : 'Oh, you hern still 7 'pon my soul, madam, your pn.scnt delay matches baHlv with vonr recent cngftrncRS and professed nnjintv both on your husband's and my sou's accoont,' ? I'iic-v will both be attended to in good time. I start this evening— nothing shall prevenL my doing that— but for the next few hours 1 am hardly mistrcBB of my own actions,' Rose made answer. Then, though he attempted to stop her and 1 question her further, she evaded him and passed him by with a cold how, for she had no idea of holding any longer parley with a man who had insulted her so deeply as he had r'CcnM.v done, by shamelessly making to her the most odious of suggestions. What with tin- elilTneSH of his false calvrfl, the blindness of h'S glass eye. and his chronic want of breath occasioned by tight lacing, the withered old beau was in no condition to give chase. He, however, dodged after her, as soon as ever he had convinced himself that she wasn't at all likelv to look round, in order to learn where Bhe was going and made his way aloni;, much after the manner of a stage con spirator, or of a crab who Ib endeavoring to avoid being prodded by a stick or umbrella poiut, until he beheld her enter the grim portals of the prison which be had just quitted. The nature of her mission there then struck him in an instant, and the nasty old fellow had to come to a standstill in the middle of the street, and hold his sides with 1-oth hands, for fear that he should burst his stay laces with the combined fit of coughing and laughter that the spectacle and its con sequent reflections occasioned him. ' Oh, haven't 1 made it hot for her 1 Oh, lor, what wouldn't I give if I coald only be there to hear,' he muttered to himself when after a little while he recoveml sufficiently to waddle off, ' Oh, dear, it would be as good as a play.' CHAPTER LXXVHI. 6H0WB HOW Bill HAHRY HOWARTH BBCErVA'D Iirs WII'K'S 6IST£ft. Poor Rose had known from tbe very first that she had a most paiuful ordeal to go through, but little had she guessed its full uature and extent. She was ushered into the baronet's cell with all the formality that, had been observed in the previous visitor's case, but her reception by its tenant was of a very different nature. Sir Harry was the stamp of a man who would have found it next to impossible to act otherwise than as a gentleman in any instance ; his first action was therefore to rise from the solitary chair that his prison chamber contained, and offer it to Rose ; but he did so with the cutting observation : 'I regret, madam, that the conduct of yourself and family prevent my receiving a visitor in a more fitting and seemly manner, and that on the same account your welcome must be as stern and as cold as your present sarroundings. Remembering this you will be goad enough to acquaint rue, ia as tew words as possible, with the nature of your busi ' It concerns my sister,' answered Rose falteringlv. ' 1 am glad that you did not fall into the error of alluding to her as my wifc. You refer to Mrs Greenwood. 1 presume ?' through a wicked fraud 1 am willing to admit, yet nevertheless yoor true and Jaw. ful wife. As far as the fraud goes let that lie upon my shoulders, as, indeed, it rightly should.' ' It most lie upon them over lightly 1 imagine, madam, or you would hardly have confessed it so readily, especially to the indivfdaal who has been so deeply injured thereby.' Rose was as pale as death, even her lips being ashy white by this time, while she grasped the sides of the seat of her chair wii!? hands, just as timid folkB do when on the point of having a tooth extracted. Of the many dreadful positions that she had been id during the past few months sbe felt her present one to be the most painful and unbearable ; indeed, her love for her sister, and the conviction that that sister's very life depended upon how she now con ducted herself, alone enabled her to bear it and to say calmly, although her heart felt as thoueh it was trying to beat its way out of her breast the while : ' Bir Harry Howarth, it is unjust to pre judee anvone. That you have heard on* version of the tali lean plainly see, but I am equally sore that rou have not heard the other, or pity would at events walk hand in band with your blame, and perhaps even take precedence of it. Tell me, will you hear it from my lips ?' '? Since 1 do not care to be callcd, or even thought, an unjust judge, yes ' '? Then my sister married you at my prompting — always rememberat my prompt ing—in order to save her life.' 'Her life? That sounds very strange. How camc her life to be in any danger ' Bhe was mated with a wretch who beat her cruelly, and in every way used her In famously. On one occasion he uven struck her beautiful naked shoulder with a red-hot poker, inflicting thereon a soar that she will carry her to the grave.' 'To me the gave you the credit fot that Uttle bit of barbarity, because at a ball -^ue declared her shoulders to be whiter somt. vonr own. Nevertheless, and rounui. ' « .. „, , . -miled Lady Stran ' Oh, Bath almost - ., an^ wlth raer ; but she went on neverthv. ♦- undiminished forror as well in her t-.. ' 'It was not so. She may have had her reasons for saying it, but believe me it waB not tTuc. The man who had induced her to believe him to be her huBband did it. He treated her so vilelr, 60 continuously vilely, that being possessed of her— well, her father's fiery temper, she at least, more than once, when under the torture, threatened to retali ate— -that she would kill him, in fact— aud this in the bearing of others, for many pc-ople lodged in their then miserable home at Manchester. Well, a week after her last threat, Ralcamue Greenwood was poisoned with arsenic, and in his bodily agonies kept screaming out, so that everyone in the house could bear, that Bhe was Iub murderess.' 'If you are endeavoring to wbitewosb your sister's character to me, you are, to say the lr-ast, using a most extraordinary method,' broke in tha baronet. ' Good God, can you. who by this time should know her so well, for a Biogle ln6taut believe it possible that she could even have meditated such a crime ?' retorted Rose, her face flushing with indignation, and then tnrningrapidly whiteagain. ' No, Halcamus Greenwood was taking arsenic for an un sightly skin diqease, and \u a maudlin tit of drunkenness swallowed a double or a treble doBc. Whv he should have accused Ruth of poisoning him 1 cannot say, perhaps because he would have served her so had their posi tions been rev -rsed — perhaps because he still sufficiently loved her, in his selfish way, as to resolve that she should not survive him. In any case he, bb 1 have said, accused her loud, and again and again, of being his murderees ; and, remembering what sbe had more than once threatened in her passion, she took alarm and fled. Not, however, before she had sent for the doctor to do what was possible for him, though she did not believe but that he must die, aud that almost immediately.' ' Go on,' said tbe baronet in softer tones ' I will not interrupt you again. Perhaos I did too quickly judge your sister— in that matter— bnt go on.' ' Well, Bhe escaped— she came on to Roch dale — she saw me privily, for she would not have faced her father for worlds, because fihe was almost under his cnrsc. She told me of her terrible position— if the horrors that hauotcd her — that she was bent upon endeavoring to reach Scotland, and there, under an assumed name, upon trying to obtain a situation as a governess. She seemed to sec safety in such a step, but I did not, for I felt that her verv terror would betray her If nothing else did. Then it was that, in my love for her — and should I not have felt such a love for a twin sister ?— 1 urged and olcaded that she should take mv nlane aud I hers— that I should jonrney to Scot- 1 land, and sue stay and marry you. Re- : member I believed sbe was then'a widow, and I knew that I was cooler headed and in every way adapted to plar the role of Bcapegoat better than she was.' 'And she rielded to yoar entreaties and : persuasions ?' ' Yes, after a while she did, but I swear 1 to you that it was my fault far more than hers. 1 seemed to sec the officers of jastice on her track, and tbe shadow of tbe gibbet , over her bead, and I knew that as your wife I and the mistress of CLegg Hall her position ' would be at once above suspicion,' ' And yonr father and mother were of i the Hne opinion) I presume 7' ' Neither of them knew of the substitution until afterwards. My fatlinr was the first, ] buliew, in become Auspicious, and when those suspicions Increased 1 fancy ho went over to Clegg Hall, and forced lluth to confess everything in his owu violent way, by means of natbB and a brandished whip. But when he knew all he saw that the thing could not be nndone, and fearing that matters might be made worse by revealiog to you the secret kept It closely locked up within his own breast..' 41 Your sister knew within three hours of hor own marriage that she wan not my wife.' ' You mean she knew that Halcamus Greenwood still lived — but before you con demn her you must remember that Ruth was little more than a girl— of a Weak and impulsive nature, too, and far more ready to evade dangers and disagreeables than lo face them. Within a week she knew that she was your wife, because our father informed her that her marriage with Halcamus Green- 1 wood had been an illegal one, because he I had wedded her under an assumed name, and also taken a false oath that in her case parental consent had been obtained. Oh, j it's all very shockiug and very terrible. I know all about that— but my sister is your own lawful wife notwithstanding, and a strong man should be magnanimous enough to mako some allowances for a weak woman when so terribly tried and circumstanced as she was-^ye, both for her then and for after conduct, for Halcamus still controlled her under threats of an cxposarci and by then she had got at all events to care for you, which made the thought of that exposure still more terrible to her.' ' 'Pon my word of honor you are an able pleader. You have convinced me already that Rose — I mean to say Ruth— my wife, has been only weak and not criminal! She was terribly tried, and the temptation to deceive prodigious 1 will own, and no doubt many women would have yielded to it. 1 no longer believe that since Our marriage she has been the willing accomriice andiool of the infamous G rcenwood.' ' May Heaven forgive you for eTefhaving believed so, and reward you for ttinkiog differently now. Why, the wretch Halcamus has shut her up in some terrible place, wherein be declares that she must soon die, unless she is released therefrom, or where, iEv she does not even die, she may contract some] awful disease that has been buried for cen turies.' ? 'Buried? Then she also must be buried, and among the long dead.'* ' Heaven knows. He spoke ambiguously aud vaguely, so as doubtless to afford no clue ' as to where my dear sister really is.' ' Do you mean to say that he spoke- to 1 was leaving the grounds of the Orchard Maosor house a couple of hours ago.' ' The Orchard Mansor bouse ? That is Captain Leigh's place. Pardon mc, but may 1 ask what you were doisg there 7' ' Certainly, I went there to enquire afte; the health of his son, who has been tht devoted friend of both my husband anc myself.' 'And once your lover, it report speaki truly, aye, even while you were affianced U me,' said the baronet bitterly.' ' On that point report lies,' answerel Rose, while tbe warm flush once more mounted to her cheeks ; ' the day before 1 became engaged to marry you I broke of all connection with Lancelot Leigh.' ' Was tbe empty title of Lady so attractive in vour eves as to wholiv outweifh the love in a cottage theory f You see I don't flatter myself that you ever cared for me personally, I should be a fool if J did so.' ' 1 consented to marry yoa because »y parents were dearer to me than even Lance lot Leigh ; just as at a later date, and od the very eve of our contemplated marriage, my sister's welfare proved dearer to me than even my parents. ' 'And just as a little while later still the love of a perfect stranger, and an alien, proved dearer to you than that of either Leigh, parents, or sister,' retorted the baronet somewhat sarcastically. ' You have no right to say each a thing, and i shall only condescend to vindicate myself ot} that point to you because it is commonly believed that twins have the same vices as well as virtues, and so in defending myself I may also be defending your wife and my Bister. My husband, then, preserved my life at the imminent hazard of bis own, and as for weeks there seemed to be no possibility of my finding any more legitimate protector, he, loving me not one whit the while, nevertheless urged me to marrv him in order that no breath of scandal should injure me while I was necessarily in such close communion with him, shut up in a beleaguered city. Lawfully his wife, he has, ia point of fact, been to me as a devoted brother. Had not his conduct towards me been of the noblest and most chivalrous nature can you imagine that Lancelot Leigh, who bas loved me from bovhood upwards, would in the course of a few hours' acquaintance have become so devotedly attached to him as, unsolicited, to death in his service? To make even -ou believe in my husband's unselfishness and goodness I am sure that 1 shall only have to add that, fearing that Lancelot and my any longer connection with him would bring down ruin on our heads, he last night quitted ub surreptitiously, leaving me a hastily scribbled note to the effect that he was going to face and meet hit doom, that he intended to bear Lancelot's burthen as well as his own, and that as we had fondlyloved cach other he hoped that his death would remove all obstacles to our union.' ' And that was how only you and young Leigh were found by the crowd who invaded the old house in Ghost Lane last night?' 'It ii Lancelot knew nothing of bis \- and JOB) ah, yos must sarely re departure, '-tug on the stairoase to read member me pau- ? * foajd pinned to my a scrap of paper which * * skirt.' '*^at ' Distinctly, as well as my own feelinb the time, when I believed that you were my wife.' ' That scrap of paper was the farewell that 1 have spoken of, and now you will surely not wonder that during its perusal I was deaf even to the wild language that you were indulging in at tbe time,' ' 1 do not wonder. But do yon intend to take your apparently doomed husband's advice, and marry Lancelot Leigh when he ib no more 1' ' What a cruel qneBtion j but I will answer it nevertheless. My husband, before he had known me live minutes, was ready to offer up his life for my sake. Do yoa imagine that after koowing him for long months, aud receiving such treatment as 1 have at his hands, 1 can be less ready to do lhc like for him J If you do, roa must take me for a stock or a stone. No, this very evening I start for London to plead his cause first with the Rueen, and if she fails me then with the King— his cause, aud of course Lancelot Leigh's also, for I should be guilty of the blackest ingratitude were I to forget him — since, though I love him no longer, I oWe him a very deep debt of thankfulness^ and 1 besides promised bis father not muah mors than an hour ago.' ' You did 7' broke in Bir Harry excitedly. 41 He got you to promise that you would nse every effort to save his son ? The infernal scoundrel!' l and astonished at this outbreak of violence, ' was it not a vary natural request under the circumstances ?' 11 Undoubtedly, but confonnd it, 1 can see that you don't even guess, far less know all. Well, save the young fellow if you can, and let his father go to the de-deuce. He's a scoundrel, a scoundrel of the very meanest and basest kind. But enough of him, more than enough of him. You are a good, generous, and noble-minded woman, and, having proved you such, I can talk to yoa of your sister again. Believe me that she is in no danger. Halcamus Greenwood bas bargained with me to discover her and set ber free for a thousand pounds which are to be increased to guineas if he performs bis part of the contract before one o'clock to morrow morning. Old Leigh made me almoBt vow — but there, there, we have done with him, and I do assure you that, from my knowledge of Greenwood, the ecoundrel will be too eager to grab even the odd Bnillings to delay Ruth's restoration a single moment beyond tbe fixed hour.' ' Alas, his very reason lor stopping me was to make fresh conditions,' said Rose almost wailing. i ' What, does the villain dare to demand a i yet larger sum ?' 'No, but he is afraid to come near you, knowing, as he does, that £t was he whom i you thought you were settling scores with I last night. Nor does be care to approach a I prison, or anyone connected with tbe ad- j ministration of tbe laws, and so he stipulates that he shall be paid tbe money through my I father, at the house in the wood, whither he will bring Buth, and band ber over on re* l , Hiving iti It wm he who forced ae to ?isit | . yon herci by th- most awful representations I of what might happen to my sister if 1 refused to do hi bidding.*' 41 Well, I don ace why your father should | not pay him tb money, nor do 1 know of a I better place tin Bnth could be taken than ber childhood'! iomc, at least until t am free, and can t: lo her back to mine, for I have forgiven 1 -r, quite forgiven her, even though I now iuow cverytblrg. You can tell ber so, in died 1 wish that you would.' 'I wish thjt I could, but I dare not delay my departure for London even long enough no see her, for Halcamus deolared to metbat be could not set her free before the deal of night, when the streets were quiet anl folks gone to bed.' ' Ah, 1 hadJforgotten that you bad other calls. But kave you the means of pro secuting them, ample means, that .is to say f If not I wish that yon would allow me to be your banker,' as some atonemont for the cruel ordeal that for the last half-hour I have been subjecting you to.' '« you have more than atoned for that by forgiving Buth. Besides, bankers only ad^nce money when they are sure of being reptid.' 'Let me advance you any sum that you map require as a brother then— for in that poiition would 1 stand now, and in that poiition I have a right to stand. If I was f rse 1 would accompany yon to London, for highwaymen and other perils thickly beset the way. However, if you will accept of my I steward's csoort in place of mine he is a 1 sturdy aud hopest fellow of the name of Miles Joyce ; well nigh old enough to be your father, and to be thoroughly trusted. This steward, a couple of tbe beet horses in my stables, and a hundred guineas, yon will find much more useful than mere sympathy and good wishes, though X will throw them in along for just what they are worth/ 44 Perhaps I ought to say no to your kindly offers, considering how much you have loBt through Ruth and my father already, but, wiuwuenug my uunuaua » una iiauoeiot Leigh's danger and needs, 1 really cannot.' 14 Say no more about it. Yon confer a favor instead of receiving one. 1 will at once write a note to my steward, directing him to lodge a thousand guineas in your father's hands before four o'clock this after noon, and also to bold blmBelf ready to accompany you to London, and so forth, at . any hour that you may fix upon after night .fall. You can either send to or deliver such letter at Lisbon Hall, my present abode, but 1 1 think 1 would advise you to deliver it personally, because what one does oneself is always Bure to be well done. I have but to ring this bell and 1 shall be duly waited on and supplied with all I want, even in a prison. But as the doctoro declare that young Leigh is sure to reoover from his wound 1 am fain to hope that 1 shall not remain here very long.' ' And is he sure to recover ?' exclaimed Bose in joyous accents. ' His father did not tell me so when I was there.' ' His father is a — well, to draw it mild, unmitigated old humbug. He told me half an-hour ago that his medical attendants con sidered hie recovery certain, and drove a bargain 'with me that if Lancelot refrained from prosecuting me for the injuries that 1 had inflicted on him I should use all my influence with tbe present Government to save him from tbe consequences of the sorape which be had got into in your and yonr husband's companv.' 44 And yon will do so ?' 44 For the young fellowVi sake, yes, and 1 will do as much as I can for your husband also, bat for Heaven's sake don't over-rate iny power and so relax your own efforts, for I'm somewhat diffident of it myself, I do assure you. Howover, I will do my best, and no man oan do more, so now for this precious letter.' And as he concluded Sir Harry rang bis bell, and a turkney promptly answered it. In another five minutes the letter was written and given into Rose's hands, who after again pouring forth her thanks to the baronet, notwithstanding that he tried all be could to nip them in the bud, quitted his cell in a very different frame of mind to that in which she had entered it. [To be Continued Next Wednesday.} i 