NEWS AND NOTES IN a NUTSHELL. THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN Kng heavy In Ilolj.ion's Bay. Naviga tion difficult. Brisk Business on Bnllarat Stock Ex- thingo to-day. | A siiicRlsn ninTKet on iscnuigo aiocK I Exchange to-day. 1 Mr Ebsworth addressing the Snugs- tor Board lo-dny. .Learned counsel will conclude this evening. Story of a "great light" at tho Customs department Is Riven In another column. Quite an exciting and Interesting scene. More bombs nt Bnrculonln! About tho liveliest— that Is to say, the dead- HoM-.duce on this earth! No harm Jone. A severe cold prevented Mr Justice Williams from coming to town this morning. The consequence was that the Full Court did not sit to- day. The number of scarlet fever cases re ported to the Board of Public Health last week, for the whole colony, was <"0, witli no deaths; as against 18 cases and no deaths for Hie same period last year. William Conway, aged 15. was sent to tho iteformatory to-day by the Essondon Bench for setting a Newfoundland dog nn to another lad, with the result that the latter was bitten. Conway was Mated to he an Incorrigible lad. Brussels people well satistled with Major I.othalro, whatever Grout Bri tain night think about him. He was Accorded an ovation on his arrival at the Belgian capital. To hang an Eng lishman Is rather a brave thing! The decadence of Victorian football. Scene.— A junior match. Patron of the noble game, heaving a deep sigh, "M.v word, I've seen many n junior match where that umpire would have had a Mack eye before now." Goes away nut! drinks sadly. Mr CroUer suggests that if the Bangs- tor Inquiry should end hi n dead heat, the Marine Board and Mr Sungstcr might divide the stakes. Air Kbsworth. on the other hand, fuvors a run off. Meanwhile, both Sungstcr and the Board are "going strongly." A siun of Lto.000 would. Dr. Gross- well says, enable a good start to Ik? made with an infectious diseases hospital, pro- tiding for nlxiut 20 lieds." An estimate made In 1801 for buildings to accom modate 112 patients and the hospital slaff, showed that H0.551 would bo The production of Passover cakes ap pears to he rather a profitable pursuit. It was stated In the County Court to-day that a gentleman who supplies the Chil dren of Israel with this popular article of diet, netted between L00 and L100 last year over the manufacture of Pass over cakes. Chas. Wilson, the well-known legal manager, was brought before tho Bnlla rat Police Court this morning, charged with convertlug 1000 shares In tho Bothschlld Gold Mining Company to his own use. The accused was remanded until to-morrow, being ndxnltted to ball In the same sureties of L400. South Melbourne Bench this morn ing refused to allow a pollco Inspector to prosecute In an. assault ease. They said the law permitted only the infor mant, his attorney or solicitor to pro secute, and if they allowed the law to Ik? 1 Token they would be held responsible for exjKmses Incurred In reviewing the cases. The Duke of Scrmoncta does not keep State secrets close enough to please the exigennt A. J. Balfour, who complains that the Itnllnn Minister for Foreign Affairs hns made public nego tiations with Great Britain re Abys- rinin. Whorcnt Scrmoncta says he's really very sorry, and It won't occur again! An Envoy of tlio Sultan parleying with the Armenian Coinmltteo In Lon don. lie wants the Armenians to treat direct with tho Sultan— that Is, not through the committee. Tho chances are, that If they do anything of the sort the Sultan will glvo them tho "sack," after the fashion tlmt thoso Ill-fated young Turkeys got itl Tho railway ghost still walks In tho vicinity of Dlmbooln, therefore wo give this evening a little more on tin? subjoct of that mysterious derailment of the Adelaide express. Mr Hnynes, the Haw thorn engineer who travelled by tho train and saw the line as soon as day light came to the scene of tho accident, by uo means cast down by official cri ticism of his views. Ills remarks upon tho official finding— or rather failure to find— are highly Interesting, Seo Pago A foggy morning. Suburban trains late, but no accidents. Cycling traffic to a great extent suspended. By Gaunt's Instruments nt noon to day, the readings were Barometer, fiO.fiH), foiling; thermometer, in the sun, 70 dog.: shade. -17 dog. Dr Lloyd was unanimously re-elected chnlrmnn of the North Mcll>ourne Bench for ihc ensuing year this morn ing. This Is his thirty-first successive appointment to that position. Italian Government proposes to sup press secret societies, some of which are simply assassination clubs. But It Is going to Include the Masons! Now, Is this a "square" thing to do? Br Yonl. tho City Coroner, hns at last struck something new. A witness nt nn Inquest this morning described him self ns a c.vele agent. "A what asked Dr. Youl. "Bloyclo agent, sir," replied the witness. "Oh." rejoined the Coro ner, "That's a new occupation." The witness remarked that It was very much played out, and the Coroner said that this was the first time that he had written the words. Mrs Isabella Eyton was most certainly mistaken In Identifying Mr H. "W. Stark \ as her husband, John Eyton, who do- j sorted her twelve years ago. Mr Stark | Is an M.A. and LL.B., of Cambridge | University, a harrieter of the Inner j Temple, and has only been In tho colo- ; nk-a a little over two years. Mr George ' .Swinburne, manager of the Meltonrne j Hydraulic Power Company, has known him for over twenty years, In Englaud and Victoria. Jules Simon reported to be dying. Born In ISM. the great chief of the Be- buhllcnn party has seen many changes In La Belle Franco. M. Simon has held the rremlershlp and all sorts of public offices In his native land. In which his name Is a household word. He Is ns famed a philosopher ns a politician, and hns published largely on a groat variety of subjects. LlUelrisemlncnt compatriot 31\. Leon Say, who died a few weeks ago, Jules Simon Is a powerful advo cate of the principles of frectradc. THIRD EDITION. 6\. P.M. NEWS AND NOTES IK A NUTSHELL. (Continued from Pace L) Mm S. Nathan, Mayoress of Rich- Tnoud, will hold u reception In the local Town Ilall to-morrow, from to i» p.m. The Railway department lias accepted he tender of K. W. .Syinons for repair- lug platelayers' implements on me Glppplaud line. a telegram from Sydney announces Hie death at Hockhumptnti of Mr W, rattlsoti of that place, known as the Mt. Morgan millionaire. At the special request of the Chairman of the Itoanl of Public Health (L)r Gress- well), we republish this evening the olll- clal list of precautions against scarlet fever. The Variiey I'urkes Commlsstnn Is again sitting to-day In Sydney. Mr Jus- ; tin M'Sweeuey, a large contractor, gave evidence that he could curry out Con tract 77 at 2T» per ceut below the esti mate of the Public Works department. Our Sydney correspondent wires:— George Ixive, charged with murder of his wife ut Newtown on tldth April, was placed on trail at the Central Criminal Court to-day, l>yfore Acting Judge Rog ers. He pleaded not guilty and the trial is proceeding. Judging by an Indication given to-day one effect of the dlsquullllcutiou of po lice prosecutors is that if a private in formant becomes reluctant In regard to pressing a criminal complaint made by him, In- can quietly drop the prosecu tion. That may not really be the case, but Just now it looks rather like IL .Mr Downward, M.fA„ saw the Minister of Hands this afternoon, re questing him to extend the grants of land to Koo-weo-rup settlers from liO acres to -10 acres. I le represented to Mr Rest that some of the settlers could not at present make a decent living. The Minister promised to consider the mutter. "I was going round trying to collect some money duo to me, but did not get it, and 1 drowned my sorrow In drink," was the frank pica of a drunk at the Richmond Court to-day. Another fel low, with a bibulous tendency, deliver ed himself thus:— "Pin very sorry It's the first time." lie forgot the punctu ation, but the Bench, tukiug the cliurl- table view of the plea. let him off. The Chief Justice to-day upheld the successful contention of Mr \Y. II. Crokor l>cfore the Wyndham magistrates a few weeks ago, that laud owned by the Melbourne aud Metropolitan Board of Works, and let for farming purposes, was llnble to municipal rating. This means a lot of revenue for the Wyndham Shire Council, as by the result of a test case decided Unlay a great many others will bo governed. The will of the late John Rohb, of Toorak, contractor, has he-en (lied In the Probate ofllcc. Mr Hobb died on the 16th of May, and the will was executed on the 4th of March, 186C. Testator be- qucaths a legacy of L1000, an nnnully of L1000, and Uie use for life of his house "Springfield," to his widow. Upon the dedth uf-Mru itobb the estate Is be queathed to children In cqunl shares. The estate, which is alt personal, Is valued at L2000. At nit Inquest this afternoon a wit ness told the City Coroner that the de ceased bad as much sense as he (wit ness) possessed. Dr Youl remarked, "That was very cany." The witness referred to something that had appear ed In a newspaper which he said was not correct. Dr Youl gave him a few words of advice, telling him tlmt If he paid much attention to everything that xvns published In the papers he would Boon lose what lirttius he had. We understand tlmt the Crown Solicitor has advised the Chief Secre tary that he can discover In the facts submitted to him no grounds for a prosecutions of the persons complained of by IH Stewarl. the South Mel bourne returning officer, in connection with the recent Parliamentary election there. Dr Stewart will be Informed of this opinion of the oilleiul law ad viser, and It Is unlikely that any fur ther proceedings will he taken. Compared with the corresponding week of 1NW, last week's railway trallh; receipts show an Increase of L'J.17 lis, the totals being B-I.ViSS and Mr.,:i:;o iu re- Bpeellvely. I<'rom passengers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and malls, lA'.VMl! was received its against 10s -Id, and merchandise, , minerals, and cattle yielded LlttUHl as against L'Jii.-JT.S Os 8d. The weekly uveiage for the -ID weeks that have elapsed was Dili, TIKI IL's 8il as against I/.O.OXi 1.7s I'd for the came period last lliinucial year. 'Hiiiiimouses have been Issmsl ut tlie Instance or the Mcllxmrne City Council against Henry White aud Joseph Costa for hawking lluwers, which are alleged to bo a niarkotablo commodity under u bye-law, without being licensed. These ure test eases, and the question ut issue Is whether vegetables, which are men- tloned In the byu-hiw referred to, include flowers. The summonses are returnable at the District Court ou the 11th lust. Should these eases prove successful, the young girls who sell flowers about the city will lie Klmllarly proceeded against. .Mr Turner was asked to-dny If ho liad observed the remark made yester day at a "meeting of rullwny workers by Mr J. Hancock, M.L.A., that the railway rolling stock was In u disgraceful con dition. Tlio rreiuler snld he had. llo added, "The department luis spent uear- ly all It has been able to save upon re pairing the rolling stock, und 1 don't see where the money was to come from to do more. It 1b a matter of means." The Premier would hold out no promise of Improvements In the directions sugges ted by the meml>er for Footst-ray. Surely it 1b penny wise and pound foolish to let the rolling stock seriously deteriorate. It will coot a good round suiu some day 1o put It In order. But thou, of course, sotno other Ministry mny have to see to this. A statement was made nt the meet ing of the railway ea)ployca yesterday that there were grown-up men in the de partment, some of them lunrrlcJ, who wore paid only 2a tkl per day. The Rail way Commissioners explain that boys' work Is being done by u number of grown- up men. There ure about -10 such omplolyes, but they are ojuuml hands, and work ilnys per week nt 2s tkl per day. Mr Sydor says those linn, Is were taken on to do lK>y«' work, on thu un derstanding that as occasions arose lu the laborers' ranks they would be draft ed into the service, but of late years, lu- stead of Increasing the number of em ployes, they have !x?en decreased. If gome of tho "boys" have married, ns the Commissioners havo heurd, Mr Sydor; thluku they have, under thu clrcum- stances, acted foollBlily. j 