OUR LONDON LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 23, 1896. The week now drawing to its close has been rather an eventful one for Londoners. We have had a very fair share of mild excitements, including the big meeting at St. James's Hall, including the big meeting at St. James's Hall, the culmination of the anti- Turk agitation set in motion by the G.O.M., and the first real celebration of Trafalgar Day. This morning we hear a story from the Chinese Legation in Portland-place which beggars all that we have had in our domestic annals for many a day. A Chinaman had been lured there, has been arrested for an offence committed in his native land, and is now, despite police efforts, under lock and key there awaiting his transfer to China for torture and decapitation. The victim of this outrage is one Sun Yet Sun. He is suspected of complicity in a plot for kidnapping Li Hung Chang and overthrowing the Manchu dynasty which was unearthed at Canton some time ago. Sun's alleged asso- ciates were captured, tortured with devilish ingenuity, and decapitated. But Sun escaped to America and thence made his way to Eng- land. Throughout his flight he was pur- sued by Chinese detectives, who would have been assassins had a favor- able opportunity occurred. A few days ago Ah Sun found himself in Portland- place, and there met two of his fellow-countrymen. They welcomed him warmly, and Ah Sun's heart warmed to them when they invited him to come along to their "lodgings." He entered the Embassy with a light heart, not knowing what it was, and was soon safely locked up in a none too commodious cellar, where he remains to this moment. In a few days he would have been smuggled on board ship as a lunatic in course of transfer to China at the ex- pense of a kindly Government. And then Sun Yet Sun's sun would have set for ever. But by some means or other the captive managed to communicate with a friend, and the story of his kidnapping has thus been revealed. It is an astonishing story, but the main facts are undoubtedly true. The captors are said to have the idea of pleading that as the Legation is Chinese ground and Sun is a Chinese subject it may do what it likes with its own property on its own territory. And it is said that a judge in Chambers has taken the same view. That judge, who- ever he may be, has evidently over- looked the fact that the extra-territoriality of legations is merely protective as regards their lawful inmates, and not administrative as regards their rights over others. It is certain that Sun Yet Sun will be set free unless the authorities at the Legation have managed meanwhile to spirit the unfortunate fellow away. The French are a terribly difficult nation to please. A short time ago they celebrated the canonisation of Joan of Arc, and not a few of their journals took full advantage to remind perfide Albion that she had not always "come out on top." We took the reminder in a most forgiving spirit, even sending over a deputation to join in doing honor to the mail- clad maiden. But now because the Navy League has persuaded the country to make amends for 90 years of comparative neglect, and honor the founder of the British Empire in a small way, our neighbors are calling us bad names, accusing us of lack of taste, and even convicting us of a deliberate attempt to wound their very tender susceptibilities. Our efforts to persuade them that the wreathing of Nelson's monument on October 21, 1896, was not done with a view to reminding France of the annihilation of her navy 91 years ago, but merely to show our apprecia- tion of the genius, courage and patriotism of Lord Nelson, have been futile. One journal of standing, it is true, accepted our explanation that no insult to France was intended, but condemned us as wanting in taste and in grati- tude for French aid in the Crimea. The decoration of Nelson's Column in Trafalgar-square was a work of some diffi- culty, and had to be undertaken by steeple- jacks, whose task in fixing the huge evergreen wreath, weighing in all about seven tons, in spiral form from top to bottom of the fluted pillar was rendered all the more difficult and dangerous by reason of the mizzling rain which fell almost continuously throughout Monday and Tuesday. They, however, completed their work without mishap early in the morning of Wednesday, and the effect of the embellishment, enhanced by the brighter weather, was dis- tinctly striking. The entwining garland of laurel at the bottom of the column was bent gracefully towards the ground, giving it the appearance of having sprung up spon- taneously. As soon as the work of decorating the column was completed the wreaths which had been deposited at the office of the First Commissioner of Works were conveyed to Trafalgar-square and placed in position. Attention was first directed to the front of the column facing Charing Cross, and here some of the wreaths were deposited. At the base of the column was a tribute from the Malta branch of the Navy League, repre- senting the Maltese coat of arms, beautifully worked in white and yellow chrysanthemums, scarlet geraniums and cornflowers, fringed with laurel. On the right hand side was a huge shield composed of yellow chrysanthemums, while a crown, star, "H.M.S. Vernon," an old- fashioned gun, and a torpedo crossed were worked in scarlet geraniums. A large anchor in arum lilies, gardenias, and other flowers was placed on the left. It was from the cap- tain, officers, and men of "H.M.S. Excel- lent." In the centre base was a tribute composed of arum lilies and other white flowers, with maidenhair ferns from the officers of "H.M.S. Victory," Ports- mouth. The Sydenham branch of the Navy League sent an imposing wreath composed of white chrysanthemums, arum lilies, ferns, &c.; At the base of the column on each side were placed enormous laurel wreaths. The east side was also extensively decorated. The Liverpool branch of the Navy League con- tributed a gigantic wreath, the London Ship- masters' Society sent a magnificent anchor of lilies, white chrysanthemums, violets, &c.;, while the officers of the Training Squadron contributed a beautiful anchor of white roses and chrysanthemums picked out with Neapolitan violets. On the north side there was a novel contribution, consisting of a laurel-encircled frame, containing photographs of Nelson, the Victory after the action, and a general plan of the battle. On the west side one conspicuous memento—inscribed "In re- cognition of the immortal services of Nelson to England and to Europe this wreath is sent by the boys and master of Abbotsholme, who do not forget the hero's glorious death in the moment of victory at Trafalgar"—was a wreath beautifully executed in white and yellow chrysanthemums, blue asters, red roses, &c.; The Navy League of Canada sent a floral tribote, and the Royal Colonial Institute contributed a wreath of laurel tied with crimson bows, and bearing in letters of gold the inscription—"Ships, colo- nies, and commerce." Numerous other wreaths were contributed by private per- sons, and in a prominent position then was a tablet bearing the inscription—"To the memory of the hero of Trafalgar, October 21, 1805. The Navy League." This was attached to the base of the pillar, and reminded the spec- tators of the body to whose initiative the cele- bration of the day was due. At 8 o'clock on Wednesday morning, when the decoration of the column had been com- pleted, and by the time the whole of the floral tributes had been deposited, the crowd had assumed gigantic proportions, and the police had much difficulty in regulating the traffic round the column. As time went on streams of eager sightseers arrived from all parts of the metropolis and from the country, all the streets converging to the square being crowded. The throng included all classes, but a large propor- tion consisted of working men and women. The square became so crowded that very many people were unable to get near the column, and had to be content to view it from the raised portions of the roadway in front of the National Gallery, Motley's Hotel, and Pall Mall, or the steps of St. Martin's Church. The scene was a most animated one. In the square, especially near the column, enterprising youths were selling pamphlets containing accounts of the great battle; others were rapidly disposing of the evening papers giving a report of the scenes in the square, together with the decorations; while in the distance could be heard the strains of "'Twas in Trafal- far's Bay," played by street organs. The in- terest taken by the crowd in Trafalgar-square had every appearance of not being prompted by mere idle curiosity, but by genuine feeling of patriotic pride and interest in their heroic countryman's career. The Edinburgh speech of Lord Rosebery effectually pricked the never-too- sincere or substantial bubble of Armenian agitation, and now not even the rantipole ravings of the Daily Chronicle can keep the movement alive. Few sane men ever really honestly wished England to plunge into the horrors of a European war. For one thing, it would lead to the immediate extinction by Turkey of the remaining Armenians, thus provoking the very catastrophe we desire to avert. For another, it would be a shameless betrayal of our colossal Imperial responsibilities. The biggest blur on Mr. Gladstone's splendid career is that he foiled to fully realise the latter. India, Canada, and Australia have never been more than names to him. Theoretically of course he knows, has heard, and has read a great deal about them. Practically he hasn't the ghost of a notion what they are. He's like the native born Aus- tralian editor who has never been outside his own little Pedlington, yet who writes authoritatively of England and Imperial affairs with a confidence begotten of book-lore and a regular perusal of the home papers. To greet such a one in London is most entertaining. He likelier than not begins by pooh-poohing everything. But after three months' travel in Great Britain you find the same man—assuming him to be intelligent —an altered being. "What a huge difference there is," he says, "between reading about peoples and places and seeing them." Yes, that is it. Had Mr. Gladstone, like Lord Rosebery, travelled India and Australia the advantages to the civilised world would have been simply incalculable. Our late Premier has published abroad the fact that the Australias in particular were a revelation to him. Ever since, whenever opportunity has offered, his lordship has invariably come forward to impress on Engiishmen the magnificence of our vast anti- podean possessions, and the tremendous re- sponsibilities of the old country to the colonies. In this matter of Armenia, Lord Rosebery in private as in public expresses grave doubts whether if we were to carry out the Chronicle's mad policy the colonies would stand by us. Of course in any genuine emergency we can rely upon them im- plicitly, he believes, but the case of war must bear looking into. Always recollect it will touch the pockets of all of you and irreparably ruin thousands. Summing up finally his obiter dicta on this question at Colchester on Tuesday the noble earl said:—Remember, gentlemen, that the cardinal point of my policy, if I may call it so, is this, that single- handed interference means a European war. {Hear, hear.) I will not add to the massacre of Armenia the massacre of great populations not to better the condition of these Armenians but to precipitate their entire extinction. (Hear, hear.) If l am wrong in that cardinal point my policy falls to the ground. If l am wrong in that belief, in that faith in the certainty that isolated intervention in the Eastern question means a European war, proceed with intervention, proceed with isolated intervention in as large a degree as you like so long as it does not precipitate the incalculable horrors of such a war as that. (Cheers.) But on that point—on the risks of a European war as depending, as likely to depend, on our isolated intervention in the affairs of the East my conviction is strong and my information is good—(hear, hear)—and it will not be destroyed by any rhetoric, however impassioned, or any deduc- tions from inward intelligence as opposed to the facts that I have had laid before me. (Cheers.) After all, that is the gist and the root of the matter. If you can better the con- ditions of Armenia, and not merely of the Armenians, but of the other Christian and Mussulman population of the East, without drawing down upon yourselves the great Ar- mageddon which has so long loomed before Europe, do it and do it with all of your strength and with all your heart. But I beg and implore you to weigh well, weigh long, weigh wisely, and weigh carefully any policy, how- ever active it may seem in the mouths of public speakers, that may call down upon the ines- timable blessings of civilisation, of peace, and of commerce that you have gar- nerned and treasured up for generations in this richly-favored Empire of ours, the horrors of war such as you have never known and such as the world itself has never yet experienced. (Prolonged cheers.) Though our love for the Armenians will not permit us, as Mr. Massingham desires, to hound on the Sultan to finally exterminate the balance of them there are ways of helping this unhappy people. Money, clothing, shelter, food are all badly wanted. Unfortunately the Nonconformist conscience in rampant vein is a better hand at bellowing than at giving. I am a Nonconfirmist myself, but I cannot help saying that the attitude of our ministers in this business has shocked me beyond words. As Sir Michael Hicks-Beach said, "persons ought really not to talk of what they don't understand." Mention of ministers reminds me that little Mr. Haweis, who is one of the worst pro-war firebrands, gave a semi-public at home at Queen's House the other day to meet dis- tinguished Armenian refugees. The story goes (no doubt it is only a story) that several great ladies were present and were placed in the seats of honor next the Armenians. They did not, however, seem to enjoy the proximity of the exiles, and before the close of the first speech one or two unmistakably held their noses. The instant the orator ceased the noble dames jumped up to leave. "Thanks so much, Mr. Haweis," murmured one, "for asking us to meet the dear Armenians. I don't wonder a bit the Turks wanted to massacre them. Poor things, they're quite too smelly to live. Don't you think so? Good- bye!" Mr. Haweis's pet colonial bishop, Dr. Thorn- ton, afforded the serious gathering assembled at Zion College on Saturday to witness the presentation of prizes in connection with the Church of England Sunday-school Insti- tute quite a sensation by the extreme frankness of his criticisms respecting the unrevised version of the Bible and its use in Sunday-schools. His lordship of Ballarat began to wake up his hearers by stating that owing to the banish- ment of religious training from the State schools in Australia special importance was attached to the Sunday-schools. He was not at all sure whether Sunday-schools in England received so much attention from ecclesiastical authorities as they did in Aus- tralia, but he was certain that they deserved all the recognition which it was possible to give them. He had been looking through the English curriculum, and they would pardon him if he said it was a very unfortunate thing that no mention was made in it of the revised version of the Scriptures. It was impossible for the teachers to carry out their work in its entirety unless they made themselves acquainted with the revised version. The old version was full of inaccuracies, and in his diocesan work he never gave it away or assisted in its circulation. He knew all about its rhythm and sonorousness, but what they wanted was the best possible translation of the Word of God. He looked upon Dean Burgon's criti- cism of the revised version as a mere hysterical outburst. It was not to be expected that the new translation would be perfect, but he had not the slightest doubt it was the best which had been made. The British and Foreign Bible Society still tabooed it, but he trusted that that policy would soon come to an end. He knew that of late the executive of the society had con- sulted a large number of learned men and had been rather astonished at the vast prepon- derance of opinion in favor of this step being taken. The opposition to the re- vised version was almost entirely a matter of sentiment, but it was obviously unwise to teach from a translation of the Scriptures which was misleading in various serious points when a correct version was available. The Chronicle in the course of some approving remarks on these vigorous views remarks that Dr. Thornton has been bishop of the golden city of the antipodes since 1875, a phenomenal period of exile. "The average Anglican colonial prelate is usually back in England in much less than a decade, filling an episcopal curacy or a fat rectory. The Catholic prelate who goes out to the colonies does so with the full conviction and determination to live, work, and die in his distant See, but the Anglican prelate apparently regards a colonial diocese as merely a temporary stopping-place and stepping-stone to some- thing higher and better in England." 