THE ABSENT BRIDEGROOM BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE," " KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE,'' ETC.] PART SECOND. CHAPTER XXII.—(Continued.) '' Nolan !'' repeated the patient, and the hopeful, eager flush faded out, and a spasm of painful surprise took its place. ''Lewis Nolan?" ''Which his Christian name I do not know, but Nolan it is. A tall, fine-looking young gentleman as you ever might wish to see, and spoke most high of in all the papers.'' ''Dark ?'' the sick girl cries, eagerly, ''with large, piercing-looking eyes, and a stern sort of face.'' ''Dark it is,'' responds the nurse; ''and his eyes, now that you put it to me, I do not know the colour of , but quite dark and 'andsome. About the stern look I don't know —he smiles most sweet at times, but he certainly do look like a gentleman as has seen trouble.'' ''Lewis Nolan here !'' the invalid mutters ; ''that is strange. Does his wife come with him, nurse ? A pretty, fair-haired young lady, with a soft voice and blue eyes ?'' ''No, my dear ; no lady has ever come with him here from first to last.'' There is a pause ; she lies with her brows knit, her lips twitching in nervous pain. ''You say he comes to see me, nurse ?'' she says, at last. How is it I have never got a glimpse of him?'' ''Well, you see, first of all you was out of your poor, dear 'ead, of course, and didn't know nothin' or nobody. Then, when you got right in your 'ead, he would only come and look at you when you was asleep, and stop at the door if you was awake. You would not care to see him, he said, and he would not disturb you. Will you 'ave some wine or broth now, my deary ?'' ''No, not now,'' Dolly De Courcy answers, and turns away her face. So ! Lewis Nolan is here, and it is he who cares for her when all the world has forsaken her. Lewis Nolan cares for her and spends his money upon her ; and she two years ago, she betrayed him to his wife. That was her hour — this is his; and it seems he likes a noble revenge. Dolly, little benighted heathen that she is, has never read or heard of heaping coals of fire on an enemy's head, but she feels it keenly, now. There dawns upon her untaught soul a glimpse of something nobler than life has ever shown her yet. She broods over it all day, and in the restless vigil of bodily torture in the night, and comes to a resolution. Next morning, when the nurse visits her bedside, Dolly speaks abruptly : ''When was Mr. 'Nolan here last ?'' ''Day before yesterday, deary. He don't come so often now that you are getting on nicely, but he never forgets to send the things. ''The next time he comes tell him I want to see him — that I must see him,'' says Dolly. The nurse promises and goes, and Dolly lies and thinks and thinks. Softened and subdued thoughts they must be ; for by and by tears swell up in the sharp black eyes and roll silently over the wasted cheeks. Touched by kindness, weakened by pain, Dolly will rise from that bed better woman than when she lay down. He does not come that day ; but the next Saturday brings him. He comes early in the afternoon, and Dolly's' message is delivered. For a moment he hesitates, in irresolute thought ; she can have nothing to say that it will not be intensely painful for him to hear. He bears her no ill-will, has never done so, for the part of informant she played. Since the truth was as it was, it is much better it should be known ; but the sight of her recalls memories that are the slow torture of his life. But he will not refuse. Self-sacrifice grows easy by practice. He goes to her bed- side, and looks down kindly upon her. ''Yon are better, Dolly,'' he says. ''I am glad of that.'' She seizes the hand he holds out — she has ever been a creature of impulse — and covers it with passionately grateful kisses. ''Lewis Nolan,'' she says, ''you are a good man, I have not deserved this from you.'' ''Hush, Dolly,'' he answers, in a troubled voice. ''I have done nothing. When will you be up and about?'' '' I don't know : I don't care! The best thing I can do is to die. I am of no use in the world; nobody wants me ; nobody cares for me, I am not going to talk of myself. I want to hear something about you. When did you come to San Francisco ?'' '' Over a year ago.'' '' You were in the army until the end of the war ?'' ''Yes.'' ''The you came straight out here ?'' ''I did.'' ''You joined the army a week after I went and told your wife — that ?'' His face whitens, but his grave eyes look at her kindly ; his voice keeps its gentle tone. ''I did.'' ''Was that the cause ?'' ''That was the cause.'' ''What I said parted your wife and you ?'' ''Yes, Dolly.'' ''And keeps you parted still ?'' He bends his head, a flush of intense pain darkening his face. ''Lewis, your wife is lovely and sweet, and like a queen. You love her, don't you ?'' ''With all my heart.'' ''And she you ?'' ''Yes,'' he says. ''Dolly, you must cease. I can't bear this.'' ''Wait a minute !'' she cries, almost triumphantly. 'You stay apart because I told her you killed Bertie Vaughan, and you are both breaking your hearts because you are apart. Is that it ? She sees that she is torturing him, but she still grasps his hand, and looks with eager eyes into his. ''I thought so,'' she says, exultation in her tone, ''when I heard you were here. Now, then, Lewis Nolan, you have done a good turn for me, and I am going to do a good turn for you. You may go back to your wife as soon as you please, if that is all that holds you asunder, for Bertie Vaughan is no more dead than you are. CHAPTER XXIII. ''HE WHO ENDURES CONQUERS. He stands speechless, looking down at her, every trace of colour slowly leaving his face. Dolly laughs aloud in her triumph. ''I was afraid you might have found it out, but I see you haven't. I am glad that I am the first to tell you. It seems like making up for the past and thanking you for the present. If you had not been good to me, I would never have told you. Nobody ever treated me well — that was how I thought — why should I treat anybody well ? But now it is different. I did you harm — all the harm I could ; and you do me good when your turn comes. That in being a Christian ; but I don't think there are many out-and-out Christians. No, you needn't stand, and look at me as white as a sheet — there's nothing to be scared about. You thought you killed Bertie Vanghan when you threw him over the bank, but you didn't. I've often wished since you had ; but folks that are born to make other people miserable don't go off the hooks so easy. That's what I sent for you to tell you. Now sit down here. It isn't a long story, and I'll tell you all about it.'' She points to a bed by the bedside, still holding his hand fast in hers, and with her round black eyes shining upon him, begins in a rapid voice her story. ''You remember that night ? Yes, of course you do. Well, do you know, I felt sure you would go to Wyckcliffe, and I didn't care, because I meant to make a fuss myself, and never let that wedding come off. Oh ! how fond I was of him ! He was awfully good looking, yon know, and his aristocratic airs, and all the rest of it, fairly turned my head. I'd never seen anybody like him, and never have since, for that matter. I couldn't have let him marry Miss Owenson — no, I couldn't. I would rather have killed him than let him. So I watched and waited, and went down to Wyckcliffe as yon did, the night before. I knew he was staying at the hotel, and I made up my mind to see him before he slept, and make him hear to reason ; but when I spied you on the train I changed my plans. I would watch you instead. I know what a horrid temper you had — beg your pardon, Lewis — and how jealous you were, and I didn't want you to hurt him. I've often wondered since how a man like you, clever, and educated, and serious, and all that, came to care about a girl like me. I wasn't worth it, but I was good enough for Bertie Vaughan, for he is a scoundrel, with all his airs and graces, if there ever was one. ''You didn't know me ; I had on a thick brown veil, and I kept away in a corner. But I never lost sight of' you. I followed you to the hotel, I waited outside until you left it, and then I went after you along the cliff path. I saw you stop behind the big boulder, and then I knew you meant to wait there for Bertie. Very well, I stopped and waited, too. By and by he came whistling along quite cheerful and bridegroom-like, and you stalked out like a ghost and said : ''Stay !'' I was hiding behind some spruces a little way off, and could see and hear quite comfortably. I was curious to know what you would do or say-- I had no idea you would heave him over —and I kept quiet and waited. Lor' bless you ! I don't think two minutes paused before you clinched, and the next thing you gave him a plunge from you, and over he went. '''Well ! I was so stunned, turned so dead sick, that for a while I could neither move nor open my mouth. You looked stunned, too — such a face as you had in the moonlight ! Then you turned and walked away. That roused me up, and I started out and made for the edge of the cliff. You might have seen me easy if you had looked back, but you kept straight on, as if you didn't care. I can't tell you how I felt as I looked over that horrid place, expecting to see him all mashed to a jelly down on the rocks. ''Bless you, no! the Old Boy's good to his own. There was Bertie, half-way down, clinging for dear life to a cedar bush, and staring up, frozen stiff with terror, and not able to say a word. ''Well, I gave a gasp at that, and nearly went over myself, so glad was I at the sight, ''Bertie'' I said, ''don't be afraid. It's me-- it's Dolly— -and I'll save you if I break my own neck doing it.'' ''Dolly !'' he cried out, in, oh ! such a voice of agony and fear. ''Dolly, save me, and I'll never leave you again as long as I live.'' ''You see he was a coward, as all traitors are, and was pretty well scared to death. All my wits came back at once. ''Wait,'' I said ; ''let me think. I can't go down to you, and you can't reach the bottom without killing yourself. I have it. I'll make a rope. I'll fasten it up here to this rock, and I'll throw the other end to you. Wait, Bertie — wait.'' ''Hurry, then,'' he says, ''in that same dreadful voice, ''for this bush is breaking, and won't hold my weight five minutes more. Dolly, save me, and I swear I'll marry you before morning.'' '' I didn't need that to make me work, but I worked as I never did before. I had a penknife in my pocket, and a broche shawl around me. Those broche things are strong, you know; no, perhaps you don't, but they are and I set to work and cut it into seven strips, I knotted them together, and stood on every knot, and pulled with all my might. I threw it down and it was just long enough. Then I twisted one end round the rock, and braced myself, and held on with both hands. If the knots had slipped, Lord a' mercy on him — his brains would have been knocked out— but they didn't. He caught it, and it held, and when he got to the top, he just fell down, all in a heap, and, if you'll believe it, fainted away like a frightened girl. ''Well, I didn't mind that; I rubbed him with snow, and loosened his collar, and slapped his, hands, and by and by he came to. But he was white as a corpse, and so weak at first with scare he could hardly stand. He just let me do as I pleased with him; he had no more pluck left, than a chicken. We went to the station, but the train was gone, and you with it, I suppose, in a fine state, thinking you, had killed him. I can't say I was angry with you, for you had made matters smooth and easy for me ; but Bertie was furious. His face and hands were all scratched and bleeding, and after a while, as we walked along, he got silent and sulky. He must go with me, he knew ; but you and the Owenson family, and everybody else must believe he was killed ;-that was better than they should know he had run away with me— no, that I had run away with him. We could walk to the next station and take a later train there for New York. He would change his name, and he would have the satisfaction of making the ruffian who threw him over think himself a murderer. I encouraged him in all this. Well, the end of it is, we got to New York unnoticed, and were married the very next day.'' Dolly pauses. Retrospective memories seem for a moment too many for her, but she rallies and goes on. ''We kept quiet for a while. He called himself Hamilton, and did, not stay with mother and me. How we both enjoyed it when the detective came to pump me about the murder. For my part, I was glad you were out of the way, Lewis, and that no one suspected you. If you had been arrested, you may be sure I would have come forward and told the truth. I think Bertie felt the death of Captain Owenson and the loss of his fortune, but it was too late now ; and I did my best to make it up to him, but he was sullen and dissatisfied from the very first. I worked for both. ''I got an engagement with a company going to Texas, and Bertie, of course, went along. All that winter and the following summer we spent in Galveston ; then we returned to New York, and made our next winter trip to Cuba. The succeeding summer we passed in Canada, the last we ever passed anywhere together. All this time Bertie was getting more and more surly, and cross, and dissatisfied — it wasn't what he was used to — and he kept nag, nag, nagging at me until I was nearly wild. Actresses like me don't make fortunes. What I did make he spent faster than it was earned. He was nick of our strolling life, he wished a dozen times a day I had never saved his life —any death was better than this sort of existence ; he hated being perpetually pinched, and forever with low company and 'a vulgar uneducated wife' — that is what he called me. After that I got reckless, too — nothing I did could please him, and after a while I stopped trying. We led a regular cat-and-dog life of it ; but all the while, mind you, there was this difference — I was as fond of him as ever, while he got fairly to hate me. Hetook to drink and to gambling ; things went on from bad to worse, until at last jealousy was added, and then all was over between us. '' We were playing that third year in Northern Indiana, and it was there he fell in with a Mrs. Morgan, a widow, who had had two husbands, and buried 'em, and was ready for a third. She was very rich — Morgan had been an army contractor — she was fifteen years older than Bertie, she was fat and ugly, and coarse and common ; she was called a Tartar by every one who knew her ; she had jawed the army contractor to death, but but fell in love with my husband. She saw him on the stage — he went on in minor parts — and that he had a wife already made no difference to a woman like Mrs. Morgan, nor a State like Indiana. She let him know it, too, and he began to go to her house, and escort her to places, just as if he was a single man. You may guess the sort of row I raised when I first found it out, but he only laughed in my face ; and all at once, before I knew it, he had instituted a suit for divorce, and she gave him the money to carry it on. Incompatibility of temper—' the devil couldn't live with me'—was what he told them, and he got his divorce, for he had no trouble in proving the sort of life we led. Before the decree was granted they had left the place ; and two weeks after their marriage was in the papers. He had taken back his own name, and there it was — 'Albert Vaughan, Esq., and Caroline, relict of the late Peter Morgan, of this city.' ''After that, I don't care to tell or think how I felt or how I went on. I was reckless and mad, and didn't care for anything. But I kept decent-looks and decent clothes, and by a fluke of fortune got an engagement in the theatre where I saw you and your wife. It was only temporarily, to fill the place of an actress who had suddenly been taken ill. I think the devil got into me at the sight. The world prospered with everybody but me. Bertie Vaughan was rolling in riches — so were you. I had made up my mind to shoot him if ever I met him, and that night I made up my mind to do you all the mischief I could. I was struck all of a heap to see you had married Miss Sydney Owenson of all women, and I felt sure she couldn't know what you had done to Bertie, I had found out that he was in California — I wanted money to come after and hunt him down ; you, would give me that money to keep your secret, I was sure. So I went to your house to see you, and saw her instead. You know what I told her — a little truth and a little lie. Between both the work was done, and you and she parted. I heard you went to the war, and guessed the reason. But I never went back. There was something in your wife's look that, bad as I was, I couldn't face again. I stayed away, and let her all alone. ''All this time I had kept track of Bertie Vaughan. He and the Morgan woman went to Europe — tremendous swells, both of them| \--and he was proud of her money, if he was ashamed of her. When they came back — and with a French nurse and a baby, if you please ! — they went off to California before I could set eyes on them. If I had, the Morgan woman would have been looking out for number four by this time. I followed them here as soon as I could, and I was only here two days when the house I boarded in took fire, and I jumped from the window and smashed myself. You've been good to me, and I've told you this story to pay you back. Bertie Vaughan is alive and well, and in this city, if he hasn't left it since I came here.'' She stops, still clasping closely the hand that has grown cold in hers. He has not spoken a word ; he has sat and listened to all, his face rigid with surprise, and perfectly colourless. (To be continued.) 