[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED/] . NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE'-BETRAYAL OF JOHN I!' FORDHAM t :! . ' . j BY B: L. FARJ.EON," Author jof "No. 119,; G^EAT' PORTER SQUARE," " "GRIF," ''THE -MARCH ^OF FATE',"! "FOR THE DEFENCE." "AARON THE JEJV," Etc. ; < PART IV. ? CHAPTER XXXIV.-(Continued.) PAUL GODFREY, PRIVATE DETECTIVE, CON ? TINUE.S HIS NARRATIVE. I entered the shop alone, Wheeler, keeping watch in the street. I stood at the counter while Madams Loubert; served^ a customer, and then she turned to me. " ' What do you require, monsieur !' ' A little information, madame.' ' Well,! monsieur?' ? ; ' In private, madame,' I said;' ' unless you wish all thejg.nrld to know.' She gathered from my tone that I had not come as a friend, and she was instantly on her guard. ' What is it, mor.sieur, that I should not wish all the world to know ?''' ' I advise that me speak in private,' I re plied. ' If I r-refuse, monsieur?' ' You will take the consequences, and we will converse before your customers.' ... 'Ah,' she said, playing a devil's tatoo on the counter with her fingers, ' if I mistake not you .were one of my. customers tEisT morning,'monsieur. I had the pleasure of serving you.' ' I had also the pleasure of serving you this morning, madame.' 'So!' . I assumed the voice of the costermonger, and inquired if she wished to buy any more ferns. She caught her breith, and cried, ' It was you ?' M A 'It was I, madame. It was, also I, madame, !who- purchased'of you last night and gavo you a refjeretfce.' V : . ' A reference, monsieur 1' 'A reference, Madame to Mrs.- Fordham, Louis' mother, .and- stepmother, to John Fordham, now in prison for murder.' ' You are clever, monsieur--very clever.' I smiled.. ' What is your John Fordham to ! me ? And what are you ?' ' I have the honor to be a detective. In i that capacity behold me here.' I thought this rather dramatic and Frenchified, and I had the pleasure of seeing her turn white to the lips. 'A comrade i3 on watch outside,' I continued. She slipped from the counter 1 to the' door, and peering cautiously about, saw Wheeler, who, I being by her side, gave me a-nod of recognition. 'Are you satia ted, madame?' I asked, when she had taken her place again behind the counter. 'There is protection for women in this country,' she said. 'Are you employed by the Government?' ' Fortunately for you I.am not. You will, perhaps, understand when I say I am a pri vate detective. If a Government official were ifi my place it would be with a war rant.' : 'A warrant, monsieur?' 'A warrant, madame-for your arrest. Shall we converse here or in your private room ?' . She moved towards the green curtain*. ' A moment,' I said. 1 Last night, i when I had the pleasure of purchasing some of your very excellent provisions, and happened to mention that I was recommended by Mrs. Fordham, you had a visitor in that room, who gave you a signal. Is the gentleman ' there now ?' 1 Xhere is no gentleman in the room,' she said, throwing open the' door. ' How know you there was one ?' 'I shall surprise you, madame, with the extent of my knowledge. In order that we may not be interrupted we will turn the key in the shop door.' 'You are not afraid?' she asked, and there was a look in her eyes resembling that of a cat who ia about to spring. . 0, no, madame,' I replied, following her to the inner room, 'the English are not afraid of the French.' 'Nor the French of the English,' she hissed. 'You are a brave nation,' Isaid, with a polito bow, ' so are we. I propose, in your interests, an alliance.' 'Not in your own, monsieur ? ' "Not in my own, madame. I am merely ag-enr, and am not in any danger. You are a principal.' 'A principal! What is that ?1 ' Yolir knowledge of our language, Madame Loubert, is almost perfect; one might take you for a native, you speak English so fluently. But at your wish I will explain what I mean by my use of the word. It is that of a man or woman who, without actually committing a crime, aids in its perpetration.' 'I defy you to prove that I knew cf it,' she cried. ' I have not finished-though your denial, being in the past tense (a point of grammar, madame), ia partial proof that it does not apply to the present. By the term 'principal' X mean also a man or a woman who, not being a witness of the orime, assists after wards in keeping those who are guilty out of the hands of justice, and who, at the same time, assists in fixing that crime upon the innocent. That affects you madame, and if! you persist in shielding the guilty you will see the inside of a prison door. I atn going to be quite plain with yau. Some years ago you, being then in Paris, entered the service of a gentleman who is now in prison oh a charge of murder.' 'I did not. I entered the service of a lady,',. 'John Fordham's wife. ; In English law it is the same. You were John Fordham's ser vant. You came to England -with him and his wife, and exercised authority.in his house. I am acquainted' with every particular of your coaduct during the years you remained with them. You hated your master, and conspired against him. Your mistress was a drunkard, and you secret'y supplied her with liquor.' ' ' She gave me orders, and I obeyed them.' 'You went much further than that, madama. You invented lyingstorjes against your master, you gave secret evidence against him. I could entertain you for an hour with the detaita of your treachery, and that of other enemies of his with whom you were in collusion. It succeeded too we'l. It drove him from his home, it drove him from' his country. Confess, madame,' vlwt I am well informed-' ' ' ' - ???. ' -'rcb^fesa.'npthing,,.i Wait' ! .? [. .i". ' Do not wait tob. lon^, madame.. I pris.^ over the interveninjg- years.-and'comestraight' to the, peril 'in which you stand-a. peril which, if you do "ppt avert it by your' own action, yo'-ir ofrh . immediate- action, madame, will make a- convict of you. Yon know what, that mean.1!, do you not.?'A coiivict-7-so many years' imprisonment-hard ; l.abour-^no more red vn'ne, no more nice French rdiahes. . Somcwhat'over a year >i;>o a brutal murder was committed iii Liverpool, and quire lately your former master, Mr. John Fordham, labouring under a singular hallucination, accuses himself of the murder of his half- brother Louis.' I kept my cyea on her face as I mentioned the name, but not a muscle moved. | 'It is his own business,' she said, 'not mine.' ' Ishali prove to you that it is yours in an indrect manner. You know of this murder, ycu inow that John JJ ordham is in prison on the charge of committing it. It is my turn to wait now, madame.' . - ' Say lliat I knowof it. Whattheri?' ' This. You areaware that Louis Fordham was not murdered, you are aware that he is this day alive, and that John fordham is in nocent of the crime of which he accused him .self, and for which you would like to see him hanged. . You are . intimately acquainted with Louis, you know where he lives. Last night, when I was in your shop, a man was concealed behind this green curtain.' 'It was hot Monsieur Louis,'she cried, and then she bit her lip, as though she had said too much. No, madame, I said, smiling, ' it was not Monweur Louis. The man was your dead r,iistr3Bs' brother. Maxwell. You see, madame, we have been keeping watoh on you. We have even the evidence of the rascal you ,married under a deplorable misrepresenta tion. I refer to Monsieur Whybrow.' ' Ah !' she exclaimed. ' The ingr-rate !' He is a scoundrel, madame, but evidence is evidence, and we shall take advantage of his if it be necessary. You can punish him -why do you not ? It is that you fear he might blurt outsomethingaboufcyour present intimacy with Monsieur Louis' mother and with Maxwell, who visits you disguised with false beard and whiskers? Is it that you fear that this nvight lead the police to inquire into the reasons for your association with the villain who murdered Monsieur Morgan?' and now I had the satisfaction of seeing her blanch and of knowing that I .had hit the nail.on the head. 'It would make you in some sense an accomplice in the crime. Do you perceive the danger that hangaover you, madame ?: Do you perceive that your hatred -of John Fordham may be carried too far? Intensely; disagreeable as it will be to yon to assist iu proving liis innocence, it ia your only chance of safety. Decide for yourself I use no persuasion.' 'No, you use threats,' she said, and I think, if a look from a woman's eyes could kill, I should not be here now to tell my tale. ' Hardly that. I have "been very frank with you ; if I have hurt your feelings per mit me to ofler you my apologies.' ' What do you require of me !' she asked. ' The addresses of Monsieur Maxwell, and of Louis Fordham and his mother,' I replied. 'Nothing more V 'Nothing more.' ' t'len y°u your spies will trouble me no more?' ' No more than is necessary to protect our selves from treachery.' ' I will not be dragged into your witness box, she cried. ' 1 will not-I will not!' . r considered a moment. If success con tinued to. attend me-and I believed that it would we could dispense with her evidence. To be able to lay hands upon John Fordham's enemies, this very night was the all-important move in the game. To-morrow they might be out of our reach, and I should be con fronted,with difficulties that might be unsur mountable. "'Every effort shall be made,' I said,' 'not to bring, you forward as a ^witnesSs.' And, indeed, as I spoke these words, I was pene trated by a conviction that such evidence' as she could give :w.ould;be of little value;; but I kept this to myself. It is no^ wise; to show your weak cards. ? C . 'Youpromiseii^' i&e; said,'on your hotior a3 a gentleman ?' T ' ,®y'lo.nor »3 a gentleiflifi£'madame,' 1 replied J with my Karid' 6n n\y ' heart. anm jePr®ss5n8r»"8nijl&.: promise it.'* -. , To'niy surprise she sprang to her feet ; the aevjl within her obtained the mastery, and I never heard the human voice express hatred so vindictively and forcibly. The stories I had heard of the afemle fiend in the French Commune came vividly to my mind; a representative stood before me in the person of Madame Loubert, as she hissed, 'No, I will not help him ! I would go in ! my holiday clothe3 to see him hanged V r - ' ^otI shall not have that pleasure, madame, I Baid. ' I wish'you good evening.' Her fears returned;-, -There is no weapon so elective as calmness in dealing. with hysterical natures. If you shriek,-'Jthey' shriek the louder; if you -stand firm,', they quail. ? What to do ?' sh6 asked, showing in her face the conflicting emotions by which she was torn. ; ; r; 'To'obtain a warrant tor your arrest,' I answered boldy. 'My spies will take care ' that you do not escape.' I I was half out of the room when she cried, ' Stop 1 I will do it-I will do it!' * do not know, madame,' I said, appear ing to hesitate. ' We can manage without your aid. You shall stand in the dock by the side of your, friend Maxwell.. . ;, r And now she was thoroughly terrified ; she wept, she implored, she fell upon her knees. It was a great victory, but though I knew I could not do without her I did not yield easily. When I had " worked her up to a proper pitch I said, Rise, madame, and write the address in 1? inchley where I shall find your friends.' They are not my friends,'-she cried, tot-. tering to the table on which lay writing materials. ' They would ruin, they ,.would destroy ms! And yob, monsieur-you.w.ill: save me ? You, have promised, on the honor of a gentleman. You will save nie-you will save me!' ' I will keep my promise, madame. Wi& it is your only chance. You allowed your hatred of John Fordham to carryyou too far. thati9Wpehere as you/: friend-' If1 had never nief? these Fordhamsshe said, her hands trembling as she took up a pon, ' it would have been better for me.' It would have been batter for you if you had been faithful to your master, and sot entsred into a conspiracy against him. We English have a proverb-honesty is the best policy. Take it- to heart, and for the future be oontent with making money out of us.' I looked at the address she had written, 23, Lethbridge Eoad, N.W. 'Do they all live together, madame?' I think so, monsieur,' she replied, and even now slie;made a motion, as though she would h&va; liked to, pluck the paper from me. . There was no fear of my forgetting the adoress, and I held it but to her; ' Do you wiifrfor it back ?' ' No, no !' she said with a shudder. 'Very good. Just another word of sensible advice, madame. Keep in your shop, and preserve silence until I bring this affair to a satisfactory conclusion. If you stir you will P® ; " ?ou write a letter of warning it will fall into the hands of the police. You understand ? . 'Yes, I understand.' 'It only remains to me to thask you for this veiy pleasant interview.' . So T left her saying to myself as I rejoined Wheeler' fc0 Madame Loubert.' ( 'Veil V said Wheeler. < rr',SuJcess\ b°y> success!' I replied. The game ia in our hands, but not a moment mu3t be lost I am going in for desperate measures . Will you back me up ?' 'In anything.' his hand?" Carly " Pi3t01 " 1 asked> SrasP^S ilouble *cdon revolver, six cham bers, he answered, tapping the back of his : Took it to Liverpoo 1 w!th me. trood. I have mine on me. I want two more men Jack for one. Can you reenm mena another? ' A capital man. Pick him up in five minutes. Sure to be home. Just married and in want of a job. Name, Bob Garlick.' th,e man for us-' I hailed a"rowler and Wheeler told the driver whore to t-o' I have screwed Maxwell's address out"of Maaaine Loubert,' I said, ns e lvittJed ? 'lou have laughed if you had heard us argue-I fairly frightened her. I shouldnt be surprised if he and Louis, and perhap3 Louis'^ mother, are preparing for Hight, and I hope to catch the lot to-night . I here s nothing'in the last two that would warrant, us in arresting them, but it is on ihe Cards -Uiat I shall arrest Maxwell for the Bado77 ^ ^ rgan' 'vii0se renl name is Philip ".i>'. do you" know'fie muidered him? ?Best be;sure.of your ground, Godfrey.' ' I .will make sure. The plan I have in my heaci will hot fail. I'never in my life felt more confident, but everything of coarse clepwid.-j upon our ?oniing face" to face with the ecoundrelly crew, we. are going straight to their house, you, I, Bob Garlick', and -Jack, andthen we shall see what wu^hjUl see.' Whw mypjap was will presently be made clt'ar, .Sufficient now to say that we found our new recnut at home, and that he took it as a compliment to be invited to work with me. Jack also joined us. He was overjoyed to hear that it was not a ghost he had seen in Fincliley road, hut Louis himself in the flesh. ' You'velifted a ton weight off me, guv'nor,' he said. ' That clears me, don't it V ' You will come out of it with flying colors my lad,' I answered, clapping him on the shoulder. 'But 'off did it happen?' he asked, in wonder. .' /'AVe shall know^oon,' I Cssid. Only keep'cool.' ' ' Poor Morgan !1 he sighed, with genuine feeling. ' 'E was worth a 'underd of sech stuck-up fools as Louis.' . Over a hasty and ample meal, for a full stomach put courage into a man, I gave my recruits their instructions, and then the four of us rattled on to Lethbridge Road. Night had fallen before we reached our destination. A dark night, too, for which I was not sorry. Directing the cab where to wait for us, we proceeded to the hou3e. 'How are we to get in?' whispered Wheeler. I did not answer him, but rang the bell, and gave the double rat-tat of a messenger from the telegraph office. ( To be continued.) 