MISCELLANEOUS/ A MOORISH BINNER PARTY. AT TABLE WITH MOROCCO'S QllAXD VIZIER. Dinnt.u is announcod, and, led by the Vizier, wo pass down tho length of tho gardon, among tho courtiors, sol diers and slavos, and wo find ourselvos entering a sooond and moro gorgoous apartmont than the ono wo just loft. Undor tho arcade of arches that gives entrance to this room stood our dinner, 02 hugo covered dishes of earthenwaro filled wiih all tho delicacies that nativo cooks know so woll -how to proparo- Within stands tho dining tablo, loadod with fruit and flowers and swootmeats, with oandolabra and desort dishes, and sot in European fashion, as strango an anomaly ib so Oriental a scono as tho furniture whioh lies scattored about tbo room. At either extremity of tho large appartmoht stand four-posted beuetoadsof Fronch 11 Empire " design; in obony and walnut respectively, whilo mirrors of ovory shape, form and design, 'from handsome conBtruotionB in u buhl " to the most flashing of modern guilt hideoBities. Olooks of many shapes and designs ticked against tho walls," while the floors of marblo and tilos aro strewn with antiquo car- pots of tho tho country and modorn Hrussols of suicidal huoB ; tho candol- .abrfl on.tho table of inforior powter; tho forks and spoons of handsomo silvor gilt ; every whoro tho samo mix- turo of Orientalism and civilisation, of wealth and shoddiness. Nor was the company loss divorso, for noxt to Hor Majesty's Minister in evening dross and docorations sat a tall figuro swathod in white wool and Bilk; while behind a young offlcor in tho mess kit of tlio Gronadiors stood a group of Moorish, servants in scarlet and gold, blaok slaves, and soldiers in nrnmann « fu'/trno " Til A TlMTllnY. ity of the British butler who was shown eloio upon a hundred dishos and told to sorvo dinnor was a feature in tho ontortainmont, but fortunately thoro is no routine in Morish foasts and ono oats promiscuously of spicod moats, young pigoons stiflly Btuffod, fowls roastod in lomon pool, and 11 ko08koosoo," tho national dish, to montion but a vory fow of tho dolioa- oios, proparod. No wines aro ovor givon at thoso ontortainmonts, and ono falls baok upon one's own supplios, brought for tho purpose, for tho Moors aro by roligion and generally by prno- tiso, staunch toototalors, nor would thoso who do imbibo in socrofc vonturo do so at a public foast, in the presonco alike of Europoans and thoir own com patriots. Wo did not do justice, it must bo conf ossod, to ovon a small proportion of tho ropast proparod, oxcollont though tho dishos wore, nor is ono oxpooted to do ao, for tho nurabor of cooked dishes is a sign of honour and hospitality, and one tastes rarely of thoso which ono's servants thinks most according to thoir mnttf +Ti n vaatlininrv fl/U'fi'flfl UlUOIrVl O AWUW w,. away to tho difforont apartments in wluoh tho Yizior is entertaining- his foUow-momhors of -tho Ministry and tho court in general for only tho Chancellor of tho.-Exohoqudr and two of tho Undor Secretaries of Stato dined with us at tiihlo.' -A lull In tho music in tho garden without tolls us that tho musicians have not heon forgotten, but are foaBting apace. Thon. baok onoo more to tho recaption room, to seat ourselves upon a somi- oircle of chairs arranged at equal distances- from ono another, where wo aro sprinkled with rose and orange wator 'from.- tong- nooked silvor sprinklers, and refreshed #ith the hoavy. scent of inGonso. Trays of groon tea in minute cups and tumblers, suoh- as we would uso for liqueur, follow, tray aftor tray, until tho throo oups apiece proscribed by Moorish otiquetto nro drunk. Thon tho musicians approach and seatthom- solvcs undor tho arcado without, a long row of mon with inlaid guitars and violins and strango instruments that havo no nnmo in English. But tho Iproximity is too groat, and what was musio at a distance becomos noiso at oloso quarters. Boyond them is tho gardon, soon through tho archos, half lost in shady gloom, half apparent in tho bright moonlight and brighter flash of numbors of lantorns. Again tho whito-rohod figures como and go, passing and repassing osoh othor, liko ghosts among tho troos, and tho mom- bors of tho court and thoir attondant soldiors and slaves wandorod at will along tho tilod pntliB. A movo is made and, bidding our adious to our host, nu uiuuub uuuu mora uuu, surrouuuau by soldiors aud sorvants boaring lantorns, sook our homo.— Si James OuzcttOs 