THAT 'FENIAN CONSPIRACY-' HOW THE KIAMA GHOST WAS. RAISED, X CHAPTER OF AUSTRALIAN HSStORY. Sir Henry Parkes once declared in his platte in Par liament that he was '* pursued with a sleepless and relentless hostility by the organ of the Irish and ;.Eornan Catholic body mNew South Wales.' In this ?manner, we suppose, Sir Henry Parkes summed up his own views of our sustained denunciation of the infamous ' Fenian Conspiracy' proceedings of 1868, and our repeated exposures of the 'death to the call ing of the Catholic clergy' motives— -otherwise the anti- Catholic plot — underlying the apparently lirttad jprmciples of the present Public Education Act of ithis ?colony. Now that Sir Henry Pyrites is dead, we have no desire to make any sort of sensation by Wufeiishinsr ' revelations' JJlttil v t.n Iip rlnmnmnn. t« Ms deputation. All we had to say against him. we said fairly and openly while he was alive, and while he had the fullest opportu nities to answer us. That being so, We do not think ?we are leaving ourselves open to a fresh charge of *4 sleepless and unrelenting hostility' by re printing from our files a chapter of history in which 4he late Sir Henry Parkes and several other public onen figured conspicuously. The garbled and mis leading version o£ ' O'Farrell and the Kiama Ghost,' published in last Monday's Evening News, made, it a matter of duty on our part to give the correct and unvarnished account* THE 'EVENING NEWS'* VERSION. 'First let us quote the Evening News :— ' It Avas during Mr. Parkes's first term of office 1 that Henry James O'Farrell shot his Royal High ness the Duke of Edinburgh, then on his first visit to Sydney. The event caused a profound sensation throughout the whole, of the British dominions. In Australia it produced something like a frenzy of , Sion-tor, alarm, and indignation. The incident oc curred at Clontali on March 12, 1868. The Duke 'Was present at a picnic on behalf of a fund for building a Sailors' Home in Sydney. From a dis tance of about six feet, O'Farrell fired at the Prince with a revolver. The bullet entered a little to the Tcit*h.t of the spine, traversing the course of the ribs to the .abdomen. The victim of this outrage re covered, and for the attempted assassination O'Far Jrell was hanged at Darlinghurst on the 21st of the following month. From this deplorable piece of fanaticism sprang tierce sectarian and racial animosities that long divided different sections of the community, and exercised a powerful influence on the whole current of political life. The action taken injjeonnection with the trial and execu tion of O'Farrell by the then Colonial Secretary rendered him throughout almost the remainder of his life an object of the bitterest hatred to the culprit's fellow-countrymen and co-religionists. Mr. Parkes always maintained that the Prince's assailant was perfectly sane, and that he was the agent of others in his dastardly act ? Aselect committee of the Legislative Assemble had reported Adversely to Mr. Parkes at the time of the O'Farrell : case ; but the House itself by a large majority i rejected the report, and, amid great excitement ; and enthusiasm, endorsed his -actions. When the , [ result was announced, the majority who had voted ; ffov the adoption of an amendment moved by Mr. ? 3?arkes himself on the original motion, sprang excitedly to their feet, and sang ' God Save the Queen.' It was 3 o'clock in the morning when the ? ' decision of the House was made known, and the i cheers inside the Assembly were taken up by a large crowd of Mr. Parkes's admirers outside, who i had waited to learn the result. It is not too much i to say that the O'Farrell incident, from the pro i found, effect it exercised upon the public mind, : materially influenced the subsequent career of Mr. ; Parkes.' AS CHRONICLED IN THE 'FREEMAN.' ; The following, compiled from our own records, appeared in the Freeman's Journal, December 12, 1891, on the occasion of the death of Sir William Macleay : — : THE SHOOTING OF THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. It was in connection with the attempted assassi nation of the Duke of Edinburgh by O'Farrell in 1868 that sir William Macleay rendered heroic service to the Irishmen of New South Wales and the whole Catholic community of Australia. Dur ing that exciting period Sir Henry Parkes and Sir James Martin (himself an Irishman and a Catholic) raised the historic Kiama Ghost, and till exposed in the most shameless conspiracy the colony has ever known, frightened the community into the belief that New South Wales was honeycombed with '. secret societies of ' murderous Fenians.' It was given out that Irish Roman Catholic plots against the Government were being carried on by night and by day, and that the wretched O'Farrell was , merely one of the cut-throat 'Irish ruffians' who were sworn to do all sorts of bloody deeds. : Everyone knows these things, and knows, too, how ; \ completely the real conspirators — the real plotters against the peace of the community — were exposed : and lashed and lacerated by Sir William Maclea)', '??? good old William Forster, the eloquent Dalley, and :' other of our public men who stood against the '. attempt to set up the sectarian bogie in New South ; Wales. When Sir Henry Parkes told the Parlia ment that he had certain knowledge of the exis ; \ tence of a widespread Fenian conspiracy in Sydney, [ f the Government offered £1000 and a free pardon to I \ any of O'Farrell's accomplices. Not one was ever \ i discovered — not even the ' boy ' who ' drew the \- j best of all reasons, that, except in the diseased ima I I gination of the badgered criminal and the wicked I ?? one of the arch-plotter Parkes, no conspiracy what I ever existed. The shooting of the Prince was thu f act of one man— a drunken madman; and though \- :? , there was little public regret when he Avas hanged : I ^-de&pite.the; plea of the Prince himself that his life ; i might be spared — there were many who thought j i then, as they think now, that the unfortunate crea ; ture should have been put in a lunatic asylum. '. ' CAUGHT IN HIS OWN TRAP. , The wretched O'Farrell had, however, 'method in his madness,' and on one occasion he so com pletely fooled Sir Henry that the arch-plotter was obliged to slink away in disgrace from the gaol. One \ day O'Farroll was particularly communicative, and ? the .8. M. Hkrald reporter outside the cell-door got . ? the hint, to be careful to take down'eveiy word, as it was likely to bo a ' most important confession, j and moot damaging to the Irish Roman Catholics of the colony.' Sir Henry put a number of ques tions to tlife prisoner, and hfe was regarded in the following fashion :— - . . Sir Henry : Yoii sard Something about a great Fenian conspiracy in Sydney ? O'Ftirriill \ Yes ; but you must not say anything aliotlt It just yet. It's a big' conspiracy, and some t»f the principal men of Sydney are mixed up in it ! Sir Henry : Of course, I knew all along this con spiracy was in existence. But tell me, my good man, who are these conspiratoro and where do they meoi ? G'Farrell : They meet in Macquarie-street. Sir Hehiry i Yes ; go on. What place in Mac (jiiaii-ie-'-street, and who are they ? O'Farrell : This is a great secref, but I may as well tell you. They are members of Porliament, and they meet at Parliament House. Sir Henry (in excitement) : Yes ; who are they and who is the leader ? O'Farrell : Let me whisper. The leader is Henry Pai- kes, and he will be able to tell you the names of the others ! The report of this ' important confession ' was suppressed, but it got about all the same. MACLEAY AND THE BOGUS CONFESSION. After O'Farrell's execution, Sir Henry Parkes stated that the unfortunate man had made a confes sion which could not be published. The only real confession was one written by O'Farrell himself, and in connection with it Sir Henry Parkes played a particularly dirty part. The confession expressed the criminal's sorrow for his act, and declared that he was never, as he had stated, a member of the Fenian organization, that there was not a hitman being in existence who had the slightest idea of the crime that he contemplated, but, happily, failed to effect. There was only one man in the world capable of suppressing such a fact as that — the man who at the time, under the pretence of public good, did suppress it. A sealed confession was placed in the hand of the then Colo nial Secretary, Sir Henry Parkes, and without a word O'Farrell went to his doom. The Govern ment announced that they had received two impor tant communications regarding the prisoner, but that, in view of 'the new crime' that was envelop ing the country, secrecy was imperative. But for tunately O'Farrell knew his man. He had fooled the Colonial Secretary, with his Herald reporter behind the scenes, to the top of his bent with his stories of bogus conspirators, and he would baulk him now in death. A second copy of the confes sion was committed by O'Farrell to a trusted hand (the late Dean Dwyer, Chaplain of Darlinghurst Gaol), and scarcely had the real conspirator an nounced that the public safety forbade the confes sion's publication than Sir Win, Macleay rose in his place in Parliament and made good tor ever his claim as a public benefactor by publishing both the document and the motive for which it was at tempted to be burked. The historic incident in the House Avhen Sir William Macleay, after calling on Sir Henry Parkes several times to produce O'Far rell's confession, rose and quietly drew the docu ment from his own pocket, and as quietly pro ceeded to read it, will ever be recalled with feelings of gratitude and pleasure by the Irish and Catholic colonists of New South Wales. THE MACLEAY PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE. The staunch Protestant champion of the slan dered Irish colonists did not rest at exposing the Government plot while public feeling was at the highest point of excitement. When the Parkes Martin Ministry was turned out of office he had a Special Parliamentary Committee appointed to report on the whole case, and this committee com pleted the exposure of the real plotters, and fully cleared the Irish- Catholic community of the malig nant charges made against them. The committee was appointed in February, 1869. The report was adopted in committee as follows : — For : Sir John Robertson, Mr. William Forster, Sir Saul Sanmel, and Mr. S. C. Brown. Against : Sir James Martin, Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Geoffrey Eagftr, and Mr. John Stewart. Sir William Macleay, as chairman, gave his easting vote in favour of its adoption. When the matter came before the House a series of resolutions moved by Sir Henry Parkes in con nection with the report were carried on the follow ing division : — Ayes 32 : Sir Henry Parkes, Sir James Martin, and Messrs. Isaacs, J. Stewart, G. Eagar, Winde yer, John Bowie Wilson, Roberts, Rodd, Lee, Hannell, J. Suttor, Nowlan, Lord, Mate, J. Camp bell, Oatley, Lackey, Lyons, Dodds, Ryan, Lucas, De Salis, Graham, Tunks, Wisdom, Farnell, Pid dington, Byrnes, Tighe, Burns, and Walker. . Noes 22 (Sir William Macleay's supporters) : Sir John Robertson, Sir William Macleay, Sir Saul Samuel, Messrs. William Forster, Josephson, D. Egan, John Sutherland, G. A. Lloyd, Morrice, W. Cummings, Dignam, Cunneen, Phelps, Bell, Terry, Cooper, Gordon, Burdekin, W. Campbell, Thomas Garrett, Hart, and Richard Driver. Sir William Macleay, however, gained all he wished, the report of the Select Committee having the publicity he desired. The report was forwarded to the Home authorities. 