A LIFE SENTENCE. CHAPTER LII. By ADELINE SERGEANT. The proceedings relating to Westwood’s trial and Hubert Lepel’s confession naturally excited great interest. The whole matter had to be investigated once more; and it could not be denied that a howl of indigna tion at Hubert’s conduct went np through the length and breadth of the land. Even Connie’s indiscretions —to call them by no harsher name—were not held to ex cuse him for suppressing the fact that he had taken Sydney Vane’s life, and then allowed Andrew Weßtwood to Buffer the penalty of a crime which he had not committed. The details that came out one after another whetted the public appetite to an incredible extent. And in such a case it soon became evident that no details could be suppressed at all. Even the fact of the attachment between Hubert nnd Cynthia leaked nut, although everybody tried hard to keep it a secret; and great was the wonder excited by Cynthia’s steady refusal to give up the lover who had nearly caused her father’s death. ‘ She must be a heartless creature indeed,’ the bueybndies said. ‘ Whoever heard of such a revolting position 2 Has her father cast her off? What a grief it must be to him. It is like a terrible old Greek tragedy.’ And when the busybodies heard that Westwood had not objected to hiß child’s marriage with Hubert Lepel, and had aetu ally appeared to be friendly with him, they concluded that all parties concerned mUBt be equally devoid of the finer of human nature, and that a painful revelation of baseness and secret vice bad just been cnade. JBut, in spite of public indignation, it was not possible for Hubert Lepsl very severe punishment from the arm of the law. He had never been examined at West wood’s trial—and the law does not compel a man to inculpate himself. He waß held to have committed manslaughter, and be was condemned to two years’ imprisonment. And Westwood rrpeivnd a ‘ free pardon ’ from the Queen —which Cynthia thought a vsry inadequate way of testifying to his iunocenoe; and he walked through London streets a free man onoe more, am? might have been made into a hero had he chosen, especially when it became known that he Was very well off, and had a daughter so beautiful and gifted as the young lady who had previously been known to the gsusral public as Cynthia West. Cynthia was entreated to aing again and “gain, and was assared that people would flock to hear her and to see her more than ever. But she steadily refused to sing in any publio place. She could not overcome the feeling that her audience only oame to stare at her as Westwood’s daughter and not to hear her aing, , - She withdrew therefore - from the musical profession, and lived a quiet life in Louden with her father, who had postponed his de parture for - a few weeks. He' would not return to America until the olose of Hubert Lepel’s trial. The General’s sad death, oaused chiefly by excitement, was felt, * when the shook was passed, to he almost a relief for his friends. They all felt" that it would have been sad indeed if the old man had lived to see him self desolate, his home dragged through the mud, his wife branded with shame, the boy that he had loved not only laid in the grave, bnt known to be no kiu to him at all. He could not have borne it; his life would have been a misery to him; and it was perhaps well that he should die. His will had bean unsigned, and the pro perty therefore passed to Enid, with the usual portion to hia widow, Connie found herself better off than she had expeoted to be. She never seemed to regret her actions, not even the hysterical outburst which had caused her to oonfess her guilt and to hasten the General’s end. She de clared herself relieved that ahe had now nothing to oonoeal. As for the exearation that Bhe met with from all who knew her story, she oared very little indeed. She refused to see hor old acquaintances, and went abroad as soon as possible. Her lawyer alone knew her address—for she did □et correspond with her English friends; but she was occasionally heard of at a foreign watering-place, where she posed as an inte resting widow completely misunderstood by a sadly prejudiced world. Ia time she married again, and it wae said that her husband, a Russian nobleman, ill treated her; but Connie was quite capable of holdiog her own against any number of Russian noblemen, and it was more likely that he suffered at her hands, than ahe at his. In the wild northern landß, however, she finally made her home; and she announced to her lawyer her determination never to aet foot in England again. A traveller who afterwards came aorosa her in Rnsnia reported to her relatives that she was looking haggard and worn, that ahe was eaid to take chloral regularly, and that she suffered from some obscure disease of the nerve®, for whioh no doctor could find aoure. And thus she passed nut of the lives of her English friends—unloved, unmourned, un happy, and, in spite of wealth and title, un successful in all that she tried to attain. Enid, the owner of Beechfield Hall, took a dislike to the place, and would not live in it for many a long day. She remained with Mies Vane until a year had passed after the General’s death, and then she married Mr Evandale, and trok up her abode at the reotnry. She made an ideal parson’s wife. Her health had grown stronger in the qniet atmosphere of Miss Vane’s home; and, cari ouely enough, ebe never had another of her strange ‘ seizures ’ after her departure from Beechfield Hall. She herself always believed that ehe had conquered them by an effort of will; bnt Mr Evandale was disposed to think that Bhe had been occasionally put ander the influence of some drug by Mrs Vane, and that Mrs Vane had either wished to remove her altogether from her path or nndermine her health and intellect completely. At a later date she had grown tired of this method, and had tried to take a quicker way; hot in this attempt ehe had been foiled. Parker remained in Enid’s service, and made a-faithful nurse, devoted to her mis , tress and her mistress’ children, and, above all, devoted to her master, who had spoken to her gently of her past, and had given her new hope for the fotnre. And, when the little Evaodales began to PVifrflow the reotory nurseries, Enid managed 'to-conquer her distaste for the stately old -Haii that had stood empty for so many-years, and came thither with her family to fill the vacant rooms with merry faces, and to chase away all ghosts of a tragic past by the sound of eager voices, of laughter, and of pattering feet. Aod then a deeper love for the old home, now grown so beautiful and dear, stirred within her; and in time ebe marvelled at herself that she had Btayed away so long from Beechfield Hall. Sabina Meldreth developed in a carious direction. The rector ‘ got hold of her,’ aa he expressed it, and managed to lay his finger on the soft spot in her heart. It proved to be a remorseful love for delioate children; and this trait of character became her salvation. She never talked of the past nr said that she repented; but she gave herself little by little, with strange Bteadfaetness and tho roughness, to the eervioe of sick children in hospitals. She went through a nurse’s train ing, and got an engagement as nuren in the Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children. Here she eecmed happy; and the children loved her—which some people thought odd, because she preserved a good deal of her roughness of manner and abruptness of speeoh in ordinary life. But she was made of finer fibre than one would have imagined, and children never found her harsh or un kind or unsympathetic. Ths memory of little Dick remained with her, perhaps, but she never spoke of him. During the months of Hubert’s imprison ment Cynthia did not correspond with him. He had asked her not to do so. Her letters would, of course, have beeii overlooked. All that she could do until tho trinl was over was to send him flowers, whioh he was per mitted to receive; and very dear those boxes of rare blossoms soon became to him. He spent a great part of hia time in the in firmary; for his strength had been very much tried during the time of his convalescence, and it often seemed bb if his anticipations were to be realised, and that his term of punishment would not last very long. Cyn thia had made him promise that she should be summoned to hia side if he were abso lutely in danger. For many a week she used to be half afraid to look at her letters in the morning, lest the droad summons should be amongst them; but, after a time, her courago began to re vive, and she dared—yes ahe actually dared to hope for a brighter future. But, when the term of hia imprisonment began, she knew that she must wait patiently for ita end before the oioud of darkness was lifted from her life. ‘ It’s about time we was getting baok to the States I reckon,’ her father said to her one day. * So Boon, father !’ « What should we stay in England for !' he asked, without glancing at her. ‘ I want to get back to my work; and I want to show yon the place, and see about the new house.’ .... . For at times he drew glowing pictures of the housa that he intended to build for Cyn thia some day. Cynthia used to smile and listen very sweetly. She never contradicted him; ehe only grew a little abstracted now and’then when he waxed very eloquent, and drew the needle a little faster through the work that ehe now seemed to love. He did not usually nolioe her eilenoe; but on this occasion be broke out rather petulantly. ‘ One would think that you took no inte rest in it at all. You might sometimes re member that it’s all for you.' «I do remember it, father dnar—and I am very grateful.’ ‘ Well, then,’ said Westwood, at nuoe re stored to oheerfulneee, ‘jußt you look here at these plans. I've been talking to on architect, and this ie the drawing he’s made forme. Nice mansion, that, isn’t it! Yon jee, there's the ground floor—a study for me, and a drawingroom and a morning room and ail sorts of things for you; and here’s awing which can be added on or not, as is required. Because,’ he went .cn rather quickly and ner vously, ‘ if you waß to marry out there, you could set up housekeeping with him, yon know; and, when the family grew too large for the house, we could just add room after ronm here, you see—until we had enough.’ ‘ Yes, father.’ And then Cynthia added with simplicity, which was perhapß a little aasnmed, ‘ Miss Enid Vane says that Hubert will be ordered to thn Riviera for tho winter when—-when he ie free.’ _ ' What has that to do with it ?’ said West wood, rolling up his plans and moving a few eteps away from ber. , ‘ Only that perhaps vo baa better not l think too much about the bonse, father. Wo might not be able to come to it.' ‘ Oh, that’s it, is it ?’ her father said, slowly. ‘ You’rs still thinking of Mr Lepel, Cynthia!' ‘ Yes, father dear.’ ‘Yon mean to marry the mao that would have seen me hang and never said a word to save me !' ' He would not have done that, you know, father. He spoke ont at last in order to save you from being re-arrested. And you gave me your consent before ’ * Ay, before I knew that he had done the deed. I thought that his sistor had done it, and that he was keeping her secret, when I gave my consent, my girl. It makeß a deal of differenoe.’ 'Not to me,’ said Cynthia, quietly. .'He did wrong; but I learned to love him before I knew the story; andlaan't leave ofl loviog him now.’ . Westwood sat down and began rapping the table with bis roll of plans in a medita tive manner. ' Women are ourions folk,’ he said at last. ' When a man's prosperous they nag at him and make his life a weariness to him; but, when he’s in trouble, they can’t be too faith ful nor too fond. It’s awkward sometimes,’ ' But it’s their nature, you see, father,' said Cynthia, Bmiliog a little as she folded up her work. 1 1 suppose it is. Aud I suppose—being one of them—it’s nothing to ynu that this man’s name has been oried high and low throughout the British Empire as a monster of iniquity, a base cowardly villain, so afraid of being found out that lie nearly let another man swing for him—that’s nothing to you, eh ?' Cynthia’s oheeks burned. ‘ It is nothing to me because it is not trne,’ she said. ' I know the world says so; bnt the world is wrong. He is not cowardly— he is not base; he has a noble heart. And when ha did wrong it was for his Bister’s sake and to save her from punishment—not for his own. Oh, father, you never spoke so hardly of him before.’ 1 1 am only repeating what the world says,’ replied Westwood, stolidly. ‘I am not Btating my own private opinion. What the world says is a very important thing, Cyn thia.’ ‘ I don’t oare for what it says,’ oried Cyn thia, impatiently. ‘But I care—not for myself, but for you. And we've got to pay some attention to it— you and I aud the man you marry, whoever he may be.' ‘lt will b 8 Hubert Lepel or nobody, father.’ ‘lt may be Hubert; but it won't be Hubert Lepel with my consent. He has no call to be very proud of his name that I can see. Look here, Cynthia. When he oomeß out, you can tell him this from me—he may marry you if he’ll take the name of “ West wood " and give np that of “ Lepel.” Many a man does that, I’m told, when he comes into a fortune. Well, you’re a fortune in yonrself, beside what I’ve got to leave you. If he won’t do that, he won’t do much for you.’ ‘I am hot ashamed of his name,' said Cyn thia, with a little tremor io her voioe. ‘ Well, perhaps not; but I’d rather it was so. I don’t think I’m unreasonable, my dear. “Lepel” isn't a common name, and it’s too well known. As Mrs Hubert West wood, ynu will escape remark much more easily than as “ Mrs Hubert Lepel.” I don’t think it is ton much to ask; and it’s the one condition I make before I give my consent to his marrying you.’ 'I will tell him father. Perhaps he will not mind.’ 1 If lie minds, he won’t be worthy of you— that's all I’ve gat to say,’ said Westwood, rising to his feet and preparing to leave the room. But Cynthia intercepted him. ‘Father, if he consents, you will forgive him, will yon Dot !’ she said, putting her hands on his shoulders aud looking anxiously into his eyes. ‘Forgive him, my dear! Well, I suppose I have done that already, or I shouldn’t say that he might marry you at all.’ ‘And you will forget the past, and love him a little for my sake!’ ‘l'm bound to love the people yon love, Cynthy,’ said the old man, stooping to kiss the beantifui face, and patting her oheek with his roll of plans; ‘ and I don’t think you’ve got any call to feel afraid,’ 