A WOMAN'S REASON. Scene : A small tea-room a la Japan&ise.; Storks clamt«r over the walls and the friezo seem to bo a continuous crane with old-rose legs and a purple bill. The air is tilled with the sharp scent of incense rising from a tiny braisor burning before the huge brass Joss on the mautol. Tho hostess awaits her guests in a kimono of many shades,hor level eyebrows havo a distinct slant and hor small feet slip half out of a pair of sandals at evory motion. A Japauese servant holds back the rattling curtain aud a ludy enters. The Lady : 44 Oh, Amy, is that you?" The Hostess (smiling): 44 No, dear ; it tho ghost of my great-grandmother." Tho Lady : 41 Oh, I see. I've done one oF those unnecessary questions, haven't I ?" The Hostess (laughiug): . 44 Yes, but I don't know that you need be proud of it !" Tho Lady (looking about) : 44 What timers it, anyway P 1 suppose they don't have docks in Japan. I'm very early?" The Hostess : 44 A little. No one is likely to come for ten miuutes. 1 got myself into these things in time to have a dress rehearsal with the tea things, (Holding up her square sleove.) Do say something funny, so that I can laugh in this ; it's big enough to hold a perfect roar." The Lady (suddenly) : 44 Tom was driving with her again yesterday. Everybody saw them. Isn't it perfectly infuriating ?" The Hostess (gently) : 14 It is very hard for you. Do you mind it very much, dear ? " The Lady (petulantly) : 44 Mind it ? Well, I should think I did ! Married only six months and to havo one's husband going about with a girl liko that ! An impossible creature who isn't even in one's own set, aud who wears gowns that are simply ghastly." Tho Hostess : 44 Bub perhaps— if you were more considerate— 1 mean if you didn't go out so much with Will Jarvis, who was ouce well- known to be rathor cpris— " The Lady (hastily) : 44 Oh ! that's nothing. Tom isn't a bit jealous. Neither atn I, but he might have picked out somebody I knew." The Hostess (seriously) : 44 Do you und Tom really care for one another ? " Tho Lady (staring) : 44 Of course not. But wo don't quarrel— at least, nob in public. Why (flippnntly), he likes that girl better than he does me." \- The Hostess : 44 And Will Jarvis thinks it is very poor taste, eh ? " Tho Lady (looking down) : 44 Perhaps." . The Hostess : 44 How can you endure a lifo liko this, so full of bitterness and danger to yourself and others ? Why dou't you and Tom part, aud ut least live honestly ? " Tho Ludy : 44 You menn divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, but you seo I can't— at least, just yet." The Hostess: 4i Ah, then you do care for Tom : a little, after all ! Be pntient and I'm sure it i will come out—' The Lady (toughing) : 44 What a senti- i mcntulist you are! Do you want to know the reason ? You know Kitlio Hunter— one of my bridesmaids P Oa the way down tho aisle iu the church I overheard her wuger a tlozcu pairs of gloves that I wouldn't live with Tom a year 1 Spiteful thing ! So yuu soe, I've got to." Tho Hostess (looking at her guest curiously : 44 Yes, I sue. You've got to." 