IAapimtiaj£cvalD. FKIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1696. TIIE ABOLITION OF BABMAJDS. | The irrepressible American gentle man wJ>o participates in the hcuor of representing, the. unostentaliouselee tors of Eucounter Bay in the Hpuge of Assembly has.gained a. little iuiraor lalit}'. for himself by having hi? name c«n>;)icuously associated with a mea sure for the banishment. of barmaids professionally;, and. unless the Legis lative Council throws the measure out, jr tlie House of Assembly alters its. mind before June 30,1S99, in that year inc!,honceforth those requiring a.drop )f the " cratur" or a pot of "sheaoak" ivill have to be satisfied with receiving it.at the hands of one of the sterner sex. Mr. O'Mallev's arguments are of too sentimental a nature to deserve serious criticism, and without1 know ing the class of barmaids with whom he has become acquainted—for there are barmaids and barmaids—the motive of his antagonism towards them can hardly be imagined and the uncalled for nature of some of his observations bevond comprehension. Aa for the young women, themselves, there is no doubt, they would be the. better for being removed from the company of some frequenters of hotel bars ; but w.heihes; that is a, matt"" for an Act of Parliament is as much open to. dpubt. aB it would be to seek to prevent, by the same means, viper-tongued men fijoci-,thrusting themselves intq th& pre sence of the barmaids. In Boine of the large, hotels, in., the colpijiea. where trade does not require.the special at-. traetLpt} of barmaids, male. bap-tenders only are. employed, but that surely does.not warrapt legislative measuiss being takea in case of hotels on the whole, any more than in respect to res taurants and! similar establishments, or the rear of the theatre stage, about, whicli, a great deal ia heard from, some quarters. Whether the. occupation of the barmaid is a desirable one is more a matter o.f disposition on:the part of the female. Her. occupation is more what she makes, it than, what it is in itself. Some may have to trace their ruin to • the associations .of the hotel b?J, whilst others, tbp l^rge majority, we.believe, find in it a. profitable and, honorable livelihood, and leave it as chastp as the day of their birth. Ap for the allure ments which they prove to those who visit the hotels, well probably there are those who .make.the necessity for a.drink a,, secondary consideration, to enjoying the interesting chatter and winsome smiles of the fair, maid who so deftly and daintily hands him his glass o£ spda and whiskey, but such men are usually dandies who havje no better occupation, and their frivolous long ings would.be satisfied elsewhere, and perhaps, with, greater., certainty of harm than where they, are cow. If every temptation is.to be removed,- of every person placed beyond, tempta tion, the statute .-.book will have something to be responsible fc,r, and future generations, who will have out-grown our apparent tendency to efEminateness, will have some amus ing enactments to peruse as emana tions., from the brains of legislators of the latter end of the. nineteenth century. There is far too much of this coddling legislation going on, and the. community is rapidly becoming absolutely dependent, upon the State for physical succour and moral guid ance. It may be the duty of the State to. protect the weak, physically, mentally, and; morally, but that is a very different thing to,acting toward? the" strong as if they were. nc.better than, the weak. And in the case of the barmaid legislation, the weak, will not be protected, other than by legal phraseology, whilst the strong will have been deprived, of their means of livelihood. KiPtrnDA.. Hospital.—The secretary re ports as follows for the week ending October 14, 1896 : — Admitted, 4; dis charged, 1; died, 1; remaining in hospital, 15. Lopjd Bsassey.— His Excellency the •Governor of Victoria (Lord Brassey), who has been visiting the irrigation colonies at Renujark and Mildura, passed through Kjtpunda yesterday inornicjj op his ret lira journey. Gawlke Show.— The settling-up ot-th6. recent Gawler Show, has shown that it was. a.great success ;financially. After paying away £'4'20 in prizes, a n^t-p.roEt of .£13' was made. The success was largely due to the energies of the secretary (Mr. A. <J. Weils), assisted by a hard-working com mittee. A-Terrible Tragedy Near Petebs Bi'itG. — A farmer of the Hundred of Cavanagh, named Joseph Thyer, on Mon | day murdered his wifo ani five children. with an.axa^and then lianged jhimself. , Thyer's mind had been , somewhat de-._ ranged for severarmonth«. The Kapunda Eesketoik.—Mr. T. W. Cato, the officer in charge ot the Kapurda Waterworks, informs us that during the fire weeks ending October 3,_the water ia the reservoir was redweed 8J inches by cpgsuiEjpticn and evaporation, and that»n. that date there were 6 i'eee- 5 inches of water—or 6,433.467 gallons—remaining, which is sufficient to tide over the summer KaPTODA WEStETAN C'iubch.—On day nest, October IB, tha anniversary of the Kapunda Wesleyan Church will be celebrated. The Rev. Joseiih Berry, of Ade laide, will preach morning and evening, and in the afternoon the liev. C. T. Newman will conduct a flower service. Oil Monday tea and public meetings will be held *at usual hours. Death.—After an illness-extending over two or three years, and which had for some weeks past confined her to her room, Miss Ida Grant, the fifth daughter of Mr. A. G rant, lapce-corporal ot police, of Kapunda, died early on Wednesday. oorning. The cause of death was a complicated.heait. affection. She was IS years of age, arjif was beloved by all her associates. The. Jroiei-ai iootr place on Thuisday, arternoon, jiie body being.interred .in the . Clare-roud • Cemetery in the presence of a large number of persons. The Rev. C. T. Kewman,CVY.cs leyan.) read the burial service, a number .if lie coachers and scholars of the Wes leyan Sunday- school, of which deceased had been a scholar all her life; preceded the heai-fe. Pangekoos Railway Crossing,—Kepcv-ts rva.-iows times tome to hand as to the dangers the public are subjected to. when, approaching the Nnrrh Kapunda railway , crossing on the Uurra-rc^d, Arsons driving into Kapunda cannot see the wains coming that are travelling through to Eli dun da on account of the liosse situated on the right-hand- corner. >"4 tins crossing, and mjlessa whistle is. distinctly heard from the engine, there is. nothing. to lijak© .travellers a.»vare of the presence of the- train. On Wednesday morning- Mr. Eenham, accompanied- by one of his daughters, was driving into business, and when within a fen-,yards of the crossing a special train which was travelling tluough suddenly, dashed past Mr. S. A Ha) lis, of Allendale, who was driving just behind Mr. Benham's trap, had also a very narrow, escape from coming into collision with the special. Miss Bunhaui states that she beard a faint -whistle sotfie diBtanaedowtt the line, tint none of them, heard the train whistle as they approached,the crossing in question. It is to be hoped that as there&ro;: so many specials running on theMorgsn line that some- means will be adopted whereby the presence of the train maybe, made known. Kapunda Show. — Entries, with the eaeepti.cn grain and flour, daisy produce, arid miscellaneous, in connection with, the show of the K^apnpda and Light Agri-. cultural. Society, to, be lipid next Wednes^. ! ff Abe receirea by-the eecrefca/y (Mr. I i"..'p®s) t^-morrow (Saturday),. Theshow toU be. undpr. thedistinguished patronage, of Hisi Excellency the Gbvernpr, who will be_ entertained; at lupcheon at the Insti t«® Hall at noon audi presented with an, If haIf-Pa?t- Que hp will be driven to.theshpw:. grounds, where several hundred, children, will sing- the national anthem after which: thpy. wjU be briefly adoressed by. His JSxceltenpy. Ip the even ing an entertainment, for which a». exeel tenfr prcgrapHnp has been prepared, will be given.. The sale of. booths', toot place on Wednesday eveiung.at l^ieB'rankiii.HDtek Mr. Alf. Shakes being the auctioneer. No. V(rotunda}.booth. w^s. purchased by Mr,* Mi E: Flannigan, of Stockport, fot No. 2, by Mrs. Mclnprney, of Kapuntfa. for' -£o; and> the refreshment booth by Mr Feazey, of Kapwnda, foe 17s., M*/Thomas Jeffs (the secretary of the society informs us that tne following public schools will be represented on show-day in connection with, toe welcome to the GovernorEapunda. 206 scholars Marrabet 55 ; Hamilton, 21^ iJiendale, 35; Taylor's Gap, 20 j Bagotfs.. })• 80S. Several-other schools were-, written to, two. of which have intimated" that,they,- cannot- be. present, and others Aave not replied at all; " " ' ^ " Indian. Missions. — After a- short endeavor mating.on Monday evening a farewell semce was held ■ in. the. endeavor: room, of HUl^st^eet Chftrch op the occasion, of Mrss I. Eebertson'e early;. departure foi; - tte Wn nussion fields. The.JKw. J. E. WaJlbank conducted. Besides ' a' laree' gatherui g- of endeavors there were also pre sent, representatives. of; the. church and" Sunday-schooL- The esteem,in,, wMcb Miss Epbertsofl is held and, the, appreciation.' with which the services she had rendered, during her e,ap*ieciion; with;, the. church * were regarded were givien expression ,to in' several ghost addresses- On behalf of the' churchy Suctfay-school. ajidendeavor 1 society a presentation of a beautiful travel-' bng rug was made by IMtr.' Wallbank. In* replying, Mjss Rebeptson, after acknow-' ledgrng the gift, stated that she'Bad been associated, with, the, church froift'. her' lnfancy. as a.scfio^ in the Stinday-siihooL l|.ter as a teacher then as.a member of .the" cfiurch.and^ of.th^ %st^lb^ende4vor! society, formed some .sis^ years ago. She was^one of th§, four, who .cpijstitttted :thi! trstendeavc?'missionary committee in con nection w;tliith§. speiety,. and was' the; sscond of that comnsit^ t9 taieupjforeian, missaoa work (Mr. . who has gone to China, was tte other)!* •Her desire for wprk in tE?, infesibn field ' was created jabgut four years ago by t£e T words: of "Whatsoever He Bayetti APIt, b^tit wasnot until the beginning' tad ,been able to pater the Belair^ Hope Loiige. training home. Miss Eobertson. .goes to Poona. next month ' fangtaige! ^ en^r upon tbejstudy of the'; Death of Mr. John Stock.—After a brief illness of inflammation of the lungs, Mr John Stock died at the Kapunda Hos- pital on Sunday afternoon. He had been ailing for some days from the effects of a cold, to which he had not paid much atten- tion, but on Monday week the symptoms were so serious that the doctor advised him to go to the hospital. Hi case, how- ever, had gone beyond medical skill. Mr. Stock was of a retiring disposition and took no part in public affairs, but his urbanity won for him the esteem of those with whom he worked, the people of the town, and all others with whom he had come in contact. He had been a resident of Kapunda from early manhood, about 36 years ago having entered the employ of Mr. H. B. Hawke, who was then an ironfounder here, and for a number of years was a faithful employe of' his, and from the time of that gentleman relinquish hing business up to the day Mr. Stock was obliged to cease work he had been in the employ of Messrs. Hawke & Co. as fore- ' man moulder. Mr. W. W. Stock, of Kapunda, is brother of the deceased, who was unmarried. The funeral took place on Tuesday afternoon and was very largely attended, there being nearly forty vehicles besides several horsemen, in the courtege. The hearse was preceded by representatives of the Prince of Wales Lodge of Druids and the Foresters, of which bodies the deceased had been a member for a number of years, and also by sixty-seven of the employes of Hawke & Co. The Kapunda Young Men's Society, of which Mr Stock was a member, was represented by the pre- sident (the Rev. C. S.- Hornabrook). The Rec. C. T. Newman (Wesleyan) officiated at the graveside, the body being interred in the Clare-road Cemetery. The lodges burial services were also read. Amongst the large number of wreaths on the coffin was one from the deceased's late fellow-work- men. • TAip .theotoh Tps Nobtb.—-A- corres pondent. who has just returned "from,a" trip through the. north, sends us the' J! i?k': ■ ^ ■ C,CP5 si^e . looking . well.between Tongola and Jamestown and' ^irly well at Caltowie.. They improve tc-' Gladstone and are.still beiter nVcrjstal', Brook, and I was informed that good crops extended south as far as Poet WafeeSeid/ . Fiom .Crystal Brojk^tp Port pirie^things " 3nI and stoct; fatT 1 saw°a' paddock of:a newly-mon-a crop. between.' Port Pine and Poit Germein, and the" sheaves will average over four feet high Our old acquaintance, Georo^ . TCacchui)*' keep? down's Hotel at Port Germed'. The jetty at Port Gijrmein is oije mile and-" a quarter long—a, very, nice Walk afte supper at niffht ana«gaih before breakfast t]ie_morningf- and^si^es that. Visitors' can ,enjcy themselves i>r,.a, f^ days 'tish-' ^ SeeinS ^h<? country. On Sunday, October 4, a weather-board" house was burntp^nd evprything in' » the family having only tiir^ to' save themselves Coming through MeWe I called on Mr (ackat Koprietos cJ the." brewei-y, who' ^PGly. showed i^e through the premises' pfoces® °£ tu™Mg sm, ^hfn ° 1. water there inust be nwre .than ccjjynon, as the Ade ^ide Brewing Company are paying id. psr " ^tlon tc.,cart it to Port Auj/usta, Ind thSc fiieight to Pore Adelaide, foe the purpose of' nyking. drinks for the. Adelaide people.' The brewery is on the pi;eim§es formally p^1,aSlH -W ' a"f naachiiiery apd buildings u¥ed in the mill are utilized in the present business. Afejut iiD. 0f ram fell at Port Gfriiiein on Oiptober 8 which extended as far as Wilmington '■ ?intk1hc"'vHWii!CS"'iea- Wilmington I thmk thc>vhad morp, as water was jyio^ in pools.oc.the i-pad tfie next day. Thern was uo rain-in Bwleroo Centre, and crops tjiere will bo very poor whether it noworrpt Pekina and Petersbur"^ a^out thp samft. Tarcowie is better*3 hnf without immediate rain verv little er^ ^ ^ ki»d- expected. 'Srop^o^ Kartell's Flat to -past jUuiooia are looking tvell, eonsideringithe season. Everywhere there are crops better than others, but thej nil want rain." Kapukda. Tooko Men's Society.—Pbe HENTiLTrON to thb Lmb £behi>ent-—The Young Men's Society which was inangib Xp$ed with. the- promise of a. long and flourishing career; someeixteen monthsago, having run. its. course, its £nai meeting washel&on; Thursdayevening^ Octobers. There was a smalt attendance, and the Eev. C. S. Hqrnaljrool? president) occupied the (Stair,. Ti»e secretary reported what had been decidedupon at the previous meeting inspecting the winding-up oJ the society and the disposal of itefpnds. Messrs. Wl. Gxoppler H&sJteiad; been appointed] custodian?.©! tjie society's property. " These! was. a balance in lmnd; of several pounds fcfter paying all, aacoupte. apd; it had. been, decided to vote the physical committee.of the late sosipty Jg3, a? it was intended, to keep that portion of the society going, and the balance, was donated, to .the Eapnnda, CrjcketCliib. Thp. qhaiip^in.s£.id: it. had; heen a. gx^,fe disappointment to, him. that the^ society: had. reached that stage when it "was found necessary, to .terminate its ezis^-. ence. Hehadbeentold what hadbeec.the. ^xperipnce qf similar societies in the. town, ljut he hadieally hoped.thafc when its basis was widened and. in^de. to. include both ^hysi^alj' apd; literary meetings, that it would become popular and supplya want which, he.b^liev^d; ejdsted with the, young amen of the.tpwn, who. appealed to have nothing, to,dQ,,apLd.. nowhere to go of. an , evening," and, whose rendezvous was the Ijarber'ashqp, The preliminary meetings pf the society gave great prospect of sue-. <^3ss, many inflnpnti#}- peisons promising support, faiifc the' support that was expected had 'not been. forthconiing. Certainly they had had [ai cerfcain amount of help, in the. way of subscriptions, but it had not beeninthedirection they had, been led to. expect it from. Some of thpse, who. spoke at the.first, meetipg in fayop of the society had, not become members, or if they, had, they Had not taken any. further interest in the.societj^ which hail been a disappoinfc menttohim. and, alpo to. those members iff thp.socipty.who. had endeavored, to, keep iit together. The. first, year they had somp yery interesti|ig evenings, and. everything, promised, well, but after that the. interest seenjed tq.die.opt, apfL latterly, the meet-* lags 'had been, a.' perfect drag. He had; hoped: that, up, to. the last some, scheme, ifra^d.ha^e'. been found. for th^. continu, ance. qf. the. society, but there had got. been, and.it, hadnow been wound up. fie was glad, however, to. know.that the! physical; branch of. the society was to, bp, ^epi alike, apd: be . thought they might ^ndgayor to. get up aliterary eveningocca sionally, perhaps ' once a quarter. ' He < thought they, should-, devise some means.of ipeetang. together occasionally, soae tokeep, alive the. objects of the Ikte society. He ehould always b^ pleased- to do anything he (jouId;fco, assist Mr. S. H^wke.expressgd 1} is.so^w.tl^'ihe'sc^ety-had tobe. wound up j.but thought they might , have an occar sionally. literary evening af suggestedby Sir. Hoi-najirook, Mr. T. A. Banyer said iie primary object of that meeting, was.,to ioake a. presentation, to.ihe l^e. psesident (jthp Bev. C. S. Hofn^brook). ' He expressed his regret that itw&s; found necessary to. bring the.society to an, end, bat it had only fpllow^d/in the course of other societies liybieh had. been started, in Kapunda, and flourished, fof.a tJnie.and thenclosed:. He had. great pleasure in handing, to Mr. Hornalirook two volumes on architecture. Which he asked him, to apcepfc, not for their intrinsip val ue, but as a token of the apprecia tion of the ipembers. of the.society of the interest, lie had taken in their behalf. Mr. Hornabrwk said' the books roere on a sub ject. which had ajjreat deal of interest for him, apd. he.should value them very much, SLs tliey. T^ould remind. him of the .personal a#ectiop. ana kindness whichthey hada)l, s^owji,.tQ,him, 