SPORTING NOTES. TBy Tarquin.1 r rom a financial point of view the Birthday Sleeting of tho Adelaide Racing Club must have lx-en gratifying in the extreme. The totalizator investments were the heaviest 011 record, while, the gate receipts wore consi derably in excess of those received at tho same fixture twelve months ago. When we come to think seriously thu wonder is where did the £50,000 for the machine, come from. For tho Onkap.iringa, S.A.J.C., and A.R.C. Meetings no le*s than £110,000 has been put through tha totalizator, and yet there are lo be found owners and others who still maintain that this form of batting is not ossfcntial to the iuterc?td of tho sport. With those holding that opinion tho matter is really not worlii discussing. Where would horssracin^ be iu South Australia to-day without the machine? I know that thi3 is a question that has been naked and answered again and again of lace, but it cannot be submitted too often to L-onviiipt; tha opponents of the totalizator that they arc knocking their heads up against a stone wall in persistently objecting to it. It has b».«n said thai tho commission taken by tho clubs is too heavy, but the complaints in this direct io:i have been very tew, and after all who is there to grumble? The owners revive increased stakes, while the puulis dorivij a direo-t hsnetit in thu shape of extra accommodation, improvement.*, &c;, all of which tend 10 make the sport more enjoyable, as well as assisting to place is on a firmer footing. Tho Committee of the A.R.C. havo already made the Old Adelaide Race course oua of the l-est courses in Aus tralia, and they promipri that ai no distant datn they will incur addi tional expenditure in the iutercst3 of their patrons. Mr. Ile-altino and his stall never worked harder than they did this autumn, and they have the satisfaction of knowing that their oftorts were duly appreciated. The two loading clubs aro iudoed fortunate in pos S0A3i:i£ two gentlemen such as Messrs. Vfhirinjrton and iiesoltine for their respective Secretaries. The racing ou Saturday did not suffer in comparison with that with which we wore favoured on tho opening two days. On the contrary the intercut in it appeared to be keener. The club acted wisely in fixing tho last race a quarter of an hour earlier, and we may uow take ifc fcr granted that the same time will be observed next year. One of the greatest fights of 1 he meeting was spoilt on the first Saturday through its beiug recorded in the dark. The favourites in the Dis posal Stakes cus up badly, and the moderate Fair Saxon won pretty comfortably at the finish from Germaine. Every one was pleased to seo Sir. Pile's colours to tho fore on Havelock in tho Hurdlo Race, but at the same time Floodbird ought un doubtedly to have scored. It was hard luck for Mr. Keuwick that Barr, who, by- the- way, is a capablo rider, should have been so confi dent. Floodbird has since been purchased by au Adelaide racing man, and he has gone into George Anderson's stable. Corncrake was seen at his best on the first day of the S.A.J.C. meeting. In spite of his additional weight he should have done better on Satur day had ho been himself. Arctic was very prominent for a mile and a half, but Sholto would bo benefited by a spell. Mr. Ferry is very formidable again just now- iu the jumping line, and it will not be long before^Wirrawn, ia seen in tho front, i'or a thre3-year-old ho per formed exceedingly well on Saturday. While I thought Foliage would win the Marryat ville Ilandicap I never dreamb ho would havo scored with such ridiculous ease. He and Tinstream had everything beaten tivo furlongs from home, and he silenced tho opposition of the Turretfield mare in tho most pronounced manner. Tho way in which ho left Tinstream at tho distauce must have astonished Guinane, who, when hesawlhathehadnochauce whatever of beating him, pulled tho maro out of a place. Ono was not surprised at Foliage's success after his vary prominent and consistent run ning right through the two meeting?, and Mr. Wigley-no doubt wishes now that Holmes had been on him in the City Handicap. To be only a head away from Homespun, who in turn was only beaten by a neck by Mostyn, was quite good enough form to warrant Foliage being backed for tho Marryatville Handicap, and had it not bean for the Tin stream commission he would not have paid the dividend he did. Under 8 at IS lb. Tin stream ran a good mare, and, notwithstanding she has U st. 7 lb., she should win tho Gawler Cup in tho company she will meat on Saturday. Thunderer stayed the uiilo all right, but lie never had a chanco with the winner, while Warpaint's performance under 10 st. 3 lb. was a very meritorious one. After his victory at Moqihettvillp the Steeplechase looked the best of good things for Banjo with 10 st. !) lb., and on Friday night if there had been any money at 2 to 1 offurinsr it would havo been Rn.inned iid. But the public are funny creatures on a racecourse, and it only wanta a well- circulated rumour to gain currency in favour of another candidate for them to tumble over each other to get on to it, in spito of the fact that its claims do not entitle it to support. Such was tho case last Saturday. As soon as the courso was reached it was reported that The Actress could uot miss the Steeple chase, and tho inevitable result was that those who had come down for tho express purpose of backing Banjo invested on tho chestnut mare. The horses, however, had not gone very far 011 thoir journey before they muat havo repented their change of front, as The Actress was toiling along hopelessly beaten before half the distance had been traversed. Banjo won :vli right, aftm- an interesting fight with old Strike, but Sid Ferry had a littlo more up his sleeve, or else I am muoh mistaken. By - the - way, Mr. Ferry is not represented in the lr.R.C. Grand National jumping double, as was generally expected ha would havo been. Ho went to the S.A.J.C. Office to nominate Simulator and Banjo, but found that Mr. Whitington was not authorized to receive entries. He then telegraphed to Melbourne, but evidently he was too late. Tho aristocratic English punter who has followed the scarlet jacket and black cap since Mor phettville must have had a pretty good tinio, and rumour h*n it that Mr. Ferry has partici pated in tho proceeds of tho boofllo. Both owner and backer deserved their Buecc.53, as less than 10 to I was ;v short prico to accept about Simulator and Banjo when the former's chance in the Hurdlo Kara did not look any too rosy nn paper. I understand that Mr. Ferry was offered a tempting prico for Banjo before the Steeplechase, but he refused it. By the-by, a Steward was posted at each fence in Saturday's race. Though Confidence will never again bo tho Coiitklenco of old, he ought to place another steeplechase to tho credit of Mr. I'ilc before lie ia allowed to leave tho turf, while Wilpcna, up to two miles and a half, shaped as well as anything. After his display iu tho Birthday Cup, one could not help picking Lord Grenville lor the A.It*C. Handicap, but either Hickey did not handle him with judgment, or else tho horse found the pace too warm for him. The latter will probaoly bo found to be the more correct solution of the matter, as tha full distance was traversed in 3 min. 5 nee, and tho last mile and a half in 2 min. 37i fiec. When it is men tioned that tho fastest time for a mile and three quarters in Australia is H min. 3 sec, some idea will bo gained of the rate at which Trentham made play, and at which The Merry Boy and Acton came home when ho failed. A dividend of £9 4s. was what tho supportors of The Merry Boy received, and Mr. Cook's success was as popular as any achieved by the visiting contingent. Tho owner of The Harvester, though a bitter opponent to the totalizator, has of lato paid us a visit regularly in the autumn, and no one ia more welcome than he. Ho is the best of company, and you can never beat him in an argument. Ho ia always right, no matter what evidence is submitted to the contrary. He say3 if the newspapers would only publish his letters in full without any footnotes he would corns out on top, but then they won't always do so. Broken Hill quite faik-.i to run up to his gallop on the track, hut Nackara finished a good fourth, which is saying something in his favour considering the time. The Rose Park Handicap was virtually won by Koran from start, to finish, young Morrison keeping him hard at it all the' way' and just staying home. Another few yr.rds, however, and Carlton would have flashed past him. As it -.ras it was lucky for backers of the Enp-Jish-bred coh that Carlton did not get clear earlier. Tip run that he made was one of the most bril liant ever witnessed on a racecourse, and Holmes felt confident that he was second. The younger Power, on MarryatviHo, w.i4 equally suro that he was plactid, and thus it can be seen Mr. Barker had a very difficult finish to settle. From tho Press box I should have placed them diffe rently, bat that is very different to being in tha Judge's box. and after nil I would sooner back Mr. Barker to ba correct than any of the lads riding or any onlookers. Tha elaso and exciting iiuahea retloctud greet credit on the Handicappcr. When the weights are first issued Mr. Hughns is about t!:o worst abused limn in sporting circlw, but; !m productions generally ensure lnrgo fip.lds.inrl capital racing, and what mnro ran a ii.wlieapper do? lie certainly caift plo- aso every one. Tho ball will bo knpt rolling on Saturday, when the Gawler_.Tockpy Club hold their winter meeting, txcellont acceptances were received by Mr. Buckingham on Wednesday evening, and the special trains ?which are to bo run from Adelaide to Gawler are sure to be packed. The programme will be opened with the Hurdle Jftace, and four out of tho nine have chances. Benecia Boy has 14 lb. more to carry than when he ran second to Corncrake at Morphettvillo, and taking a line through Corncrake's latest performances his prospects do not apppar too rosy. Nevertheless he will be there or thereabout?. Arctic has been penalized 7 lb. on what, ho had in the A.R.C. Second Hurdle .Race, but the distance will suit him better, and whatever beats him will win. Gipsy Queen and Encounter will both have friends, but with an advantage of 13 lb. in her favour the mare should turn the tables upon tho northern gelding. Baccarat will, however, boat the pair if she runs as well asshedidin the A.R.O. Firet Hurdle Race. The places should bo filled by Arctic, Benecia Boy, and Baccarat, and they may run as named. In the Flying Handicap of six furlongs. Pitcher 1/ looks like winning from Alveary and Fortunate. Cataract has been jumped 21 lb. for winning the Selling Steeplechase on the Old Course, but he scored so easily that per haps it is not too much. Confidence has gone up T lb. and Mailboy 4 lb., and of the pair thn grey is to be preferred. Satisfactory reports are to hand of The Ghost, who hails from Broken Hill, and who ran third to Wallace and The Count in tho Hurdlo Race there on Now Year's Day, but I would sooner rely upon Reckless, who may be benefited by the reverso going. Juliet, Young Lucifer,_ Parnell, and Sir George help to niako up the field, but Canlideiwe tnay win from Reckless and Cata ract. With all her weight I like Tinstream in the Gawler Cup, with Naekara and Pitchory as her most dangerous opponents, while Dwaby- da!c ought to win tho Trial Stakes from Ger maine. The day's sport will be concluded with tho Evanston 'Handicap, which may fall to Fortunate cr Bernice, with Ilosedalo as the next best. Tho excitement at Epsom Downs on Wed nesday must have been intense when Persim mon, owned by the Prince of Wales, won the English Derby. The cable announces that a hurricane of cheers greeted the Prince, which 1 lasted for a quarter of an hour. The Nonconformists may have been s.hockcd, but right through England tho victory of His Royal Highness will havo bacn received with the greatest enthusiasm. For the Blue Ribband to have fallen first to the Prime Minister of England and then to tho Heir - Apparent to the Throne is unparalleled ' 1:1 the annals of the turf, and will do mora to maintain the strongest interest in it than anything else that could possibly have occurred. Until twelve months ago tho horses raced by the Prince of Wales were not of the highest order — in fact, they may have beon described as very rr.orie rate, but last year Persimmon and Florizel II. brought him into prominence. Thanks mainly to this pair he won in stakes some £8,090 odd, and now he hardly seems to be abla to go wrong. Last month ho followed up his successes by appropriating his first classic race n tho One Thousand Guinea Stakes, which fell to his lot through the agency of his filly Thais. Now the cable announces that he has annexed the Derby with Persimmon, a bay colt by the famous St. Simon, from Perdita 1*1. The struggle must have been a grand ono between the pair as they drew out from their opponents at the distance and fought out a bitter finish, Persimmon only gaining tho Judge's verdict by a neck. St. Frus quin would appear to have been somewhat un lucky, as Loatos, his rider, broke his stirrup leather in the final set-to. Record time was made for tho race, tho mile and a half being cut out in 2 rain. 42 sec., or a second quicker than Isinglass and others are credited with having traversed it. As a two-year-old Persimmon, who is a brother to Florizel II. , won the Coventry Stakes at Ascot and the Richmond Stake3 at Goodwood, while he ran third to St. Frusquin in the Middle ParkPlate. On the last-named occasion, however, it was considered by many that therunuing in regard to St. Frusquin and Persimmon was uot quito correct. The Princo of Wales's colt had been coughing for some days before the race, and it was thought that ho had hardly mat his opponents on even terms. In terest was then attached to what under ordi nary circumstances would have been his next encounter of nofco with St. Frusquin iu the Two Thousand Guineas, but to tho disappoint ment of all he was voted uofc to be forward enough, and he was withdrawn fi'om that race more than a week before. It was deemed wiser to reserve him for the Derby rather than run him there. He has all along bsen fancied for tho big event decided on Wednesday, and for some time past has ranked as second favourite. St. Frusquin, who started at odds on, was the best two-year-old of 1895, and he gave every promiso of winning tho Derby through scoring in the Two Thousand Guineas at the end of April. It may be mentioned that St. Frusquin was the first St. Simon colt to win a ' classic' race. Among tlie races he annexed as a two-year-old were the Royal Two-year-old Piato at Xcmpton Park, tho Sandringham Gold Cup at Sundown Park, tho Newmarket Chesterfield Stakes, tho Middle Park Plate, and tho Dowburst; Plato at New market. He sustained his only defeat 111 the Imperial Produce Stakes at Kempton Park, when ho failed to present 12 lb. to Teufel, and was defeated by half a length. In the Middle Park Plate he won cleverly from Omladina, with Persimmon a bad third. This season he mado a successful first appearance in tho Column Produce Stakes at the Newmarket Craven Mooting, having nothing much to beat. Earwig, who finished third, rail second at tho end of Anril to Mr. Rothschild's colt Gulistan 111 tuo Hastings jriate. An advertisement in this week's Observer notifies that entries for the Cauiiiold Grand National Hurdlo Race and Steeplechase are due on Monday, June 15, at 4 p.m. Tho Hurdlo Racois worth SOOsovs, and tho Steeple chase 1,300 sovs., of which tho winner gets 1,000 sovs. Mr. Whitington will receivo the Adelaide nominations. Messrs. Barker &, Cornolius report having sold the bay yearling geldiug by The English man from Speech to a patron of 0. Foon's stable. On account of Mr. S. A. White the same firm have disposed of Regent, Recoup, and two yearlings by Clonard from Footprint and Gavsom respectively to a patron of (1 . Lawson's stable. The weights for the S.A..T.C. Accession Meoting will bo declared by Mr. Hughes on Monday. The Port Augusta Racing Club intend making their July meeting ono of tho most successful ever held. The committee have relaid two-thirds of tho track, making tho running exceptionally good, and have provided additional improvements for tho accommoda tion of tho public. It is expected that the Ktarting-madiino will ba used. Nominations for the meeting close on Juno II!. In this morning's Ii-yjiU':v will 1« found the nrogramme for the Coolgardia Racing Club Meeting to be held at Coolgaidie 011 August 7 and S. Tho L-ill-of- faro includes the Co'ol g.irdie Cup, of '-00 sovs., tho distance being a inile and a half. No intimation, however, ia given of the 'date when tho entries closo. 