c 5TP'~TbJif^f * t ' ' f' r ?* , ? ? ' ;-m, ' A.W.»-- Offiflb^olultv ' , ? ' ?-' it DotiPtaberOj^lBWo , / * t'y'f j (Tn» ?' \ 1 ' , v » r Yv« R - « * * i^truotcfl by (n^C-CTravtfc%tolor- .nbbwUon tLa'^lbving' CQpiri J-« ft, \- , eesmvV^ea tfc*t hnc wiIaWpH^ »' oonneetgta ' . whh y. B\ of JCiiG ^vwutteljl by tWrt ' Uo Wl-?ma LmiKi. o( tV'P.Xy-Xl. M/^', ' -l- x «*ww- * i»l l« ^ Ti n» '.r f,i the- r-,Jx. uiw il»* Jwn* u.]^. ajatton of bimsolW Mr. Hartley that- ' Blaatu- was ' opposed/ -d that this monoy wa« required to Contest tAijiaat.:' ?'? Thoydeb mo to state that ib is only with the sn-cfttoat' Kwtunco they 'have taken thisetep, and onlyU. after exhausting every .other rcworribio jJ-Wof witling tho matter m dis pute mitishlonly and quietly. v 1 Thoy rtvriise the underairability of making public' a drrel between those who should be working to [ther is friends, but fyey also wcog-. idee that ij'ery .much graver evil would bo. brought ab'li — one ?vyhioh woul ' 4riko a heavy blow at ouxlabor in Politics Movement alto gether- if i Sleath were permitted to obtain pos session of Inoy 'that was only aout upon the cpresentatu that ho was to be opposed, and nftorsvards lused, to either refund ,it, or any \- portion of it, /-furnish any reason for keeping it and if t|- allowed his action to go un challenged, -.ndeed, hl« last co;amunication plainly statejW, intention to refuse to continue tho coricBpo bnco. Personally ; regret that ono of, my first duties upon resumi! office after my illness has been wu'.h a docidijy unpleasant one us the present, but I hope shall never allow any personal feedings' to in furo with the carrying, out, of my duties.'' ? ! The followv are copies of the letters aud ax ' * tracts from ;Ju3rs refeiuod, to. They are ar ranged consetavsly. ? ar0 *r0™ plotters doakntwith other matters, and which, in som.- u a tanoes, ? 1 t would he inadvisable to print in the , entirety. ; j' '? '.?JX'MaOOOKBX.I., i Secretary. / ' _ \- , . ^i'Ikl- ov Wires.] 'l i j Wilcannia, July 18, IS95. ; To vc. A.W.'jT., Bourke. .Sibatfcopposii 'Wire 8h aro of monoy to con-, test seat. ! . . TT __ „ ? ; v Mabuioi'x anij^Hahtusy. ? j Uourke, July 13i 1895»# ! . r i rro Mv. Maiirio'C Secretary P.L.L., Wilcunnia i Ton lute ?soni money ti)-day. Wiring £25 ilondfty morning r, r, v A. JB, fiiiAOJ, ' ?— r-T;;- ? ' ' A.oting-F5ccret!iry. - ; . *'???? ' Bourkis; July lb, lB'JS. ;.,'. /rol'fr. Mabwioi?, SeeroiaryWilcannial'.L.L. V .\Vtcintf £25. opposing SJeath ? \- ? ? ' [ ' — A. B. Oha.ce ,. ? i.'f; ? ? » ? ! ? Acting-Socsretary.x i 'VYileanniii, Jaly 10, 1805. v To A. S.' Gbaok, Bourko. Ma?»jn Murplf/, b5ir'ber, rotired. Sleath olecteu.moppos^;^r, i' i\l ' i'l' ? . . , .y' ' [Copirs 01? XiETTEHS.J: 1'' v- ? t: (per favo^f Mr. F. Hartloy.) ' A.W.li.,'^ ^ Bourko, July 17, 1895. Mr. Muuuoorr, ScOTe'tary P.I^rL.. Wilcannia. ;; Desr 1^,— My co)iinuttee;^c0ntly ^oted a sym of £25 lb WUcannip. be _sent ? ^ the ' 'Went oi' -iny opposition beiA^ offered to Sleath. ' A telegram sigiiUl by Hartley; and yoimelf reached mo, stating tiiat Sleuth was opposed, and rniuefltinl.. ? fiawic#. . assistance. -1 .wired th« amount ^£25ohfMbnday ^d ye«tOT Saryou infonnodm^^y wire that Marfan Murphy haa dnnouiiced hin^lf , but. had retired, leaving yieatli returned unopposed- , . Now I realise thfi fact tnat I am somewliftt at a disadvantage, socingJ;hat I am not in W il- camiia to noto events. But ithas struck not only rac butmanV others; hero that Murphy was a vtry mioec candidate-- to ? ojpose Sleath. It has atruok Lt also that I may l,uve oisplayed shght raeutal Pjberration in sending ftl' hg the money without f-rdt inquiring the name of the opponent, but 1 don't tirofess' to be infaJUble, and I am afivfflf ikely to. umlte a splash in the world by reason of this truthfulnsss of mine, .which is a notable trait in whatever obaracter I may .pj^sews. I amnowjof/iotir^cjppeaking oo the aHsurwption that Murphy was it bogiis: candidate, and tlmt . his nome was used Himply to pcrvo the5pietext of obtaining money from the Parliamentary. Fund. If 1 am wrong, and you can convince rae that such is the casci I 'will apologise, and withdraw these remarks. pBut if I am not m orror, I cannot too strongly' express my condemnation of sui^h action, though, mind you, ; I do not pretend to know who originated the brilliant move, afore S&Ib; tho A.W.U. in reality supposed to bo a': congregation of true-hearted and oarnest-minded men, or do : the initials A— W-orlting Under ' hand ? H the former, how; I would ask, aro wo to over hope fori a square deal from outsiders'. II vi- 'uunot place teliance in our. own members, »nd above all in ' our prominent members, God help us! Ours is, indeed j.:a: hopelesB cause if such is tho case. 'If Wilcannia really wanted. the money why nol: ask for it straight out ? .If Murohy wak a WiU-oMho-Wifip ;I can't imderstanif how lie 'could allow himself to' be n«de such a meah use of. As-tho matter now v .Rlanda 'Wilcaiuiia «'oesn't need the money. We liaVe^nry left' of '^he ParliaTnentory F'md, r»nd ? w- h«i%' -4 big battlii to flght at Oolar aiid on the iVrvfdit The wliolt) t rariiiactioti will have k».bo ; (.siovft.'-jiay.; -tJnmittce,' ? and I am indeed \- to titink rlttt'. tlio neci'saity for ro doing -1) nla iiave'arlfit'ii 5i l do trust you. will be able -?' - .(i iViiig m U^plarjanon thas will prote ^ r. i v -fi-in ~ ' lo ut. jtunded' . ,;Meaawhili«,- «, voom » i ,xus tiifuV. iljo ncnt from hero sht nld bd 1 1 !'-u dte., a id T trii \ f b-i Wilpar-iii& P Jj.L willl f; U - itfit: V.oijM ihis iA returning' it J' ' v tvm b-) m;).( nsfo ftf. V i . - * I mo |tir« faitBfiilly, ^ \i «--x. ^v'' k.,. ^ ' 1'T» ? ? '' ' ' ' ' ? ? -?'i ? , ? ? 7 i« ^ v , Wilcannia, July 20, 1895. '-Mr. *'A. E. -'QsiaiV-' Acting-Soorotory A.W.U., j- ^ \ 'NBourko. . ' Sir,— YourB O|.tho 171ih'to,hand, and in reply thereto ^«bave*' to * state that .your insinuations therein-'^^tained 'X most emphatically ,flay are untrue.'{u&di-dontenii;'tihle, and I, therefore, must . declinO 't^lioW f orthyr .comnxtioication with you , until ; yota-4withdraw and apologiso^ for those ^unwarranj&i; ins^auationa. t am, yours, &c.;, ,,h* ' 1 '-?- ' ?? - J. }. MABuiorr. ' I- , . ' } J ' ? »'?' ' A , -A' .V-. i;. V ? Boibke, July jl, 18'Jii. Ji.r. J..GJ,* Mauhiott, Secretary P.L.L., , Wiioaiinin.. 1 Dear Sir, —Your bviof note ci*mo di.iy to hand, and I must say its Imns wore but satiefrtotory. You evidently ovei-lunir tho fact that in writing as I did I was actuated not so much by my personal indignation at the idea of . ; a possible misuse of trust as by tho fact that my i duty to those in whoso interest I was acting, i demanded of me that I should zealously endea vour to sift the matter to the boitom. Again you aro in error iu assuming that* I intended any personal affront. Ab Secretary of the Wilcannia P.L.L. you, I presume, in what ev.ev action you took, did so by instructions from your members, and consequently crodit or blame for such must rest as much with them as your self. , Further, I made no charge against either you or anybody else. I simply htated a iact, viz. — that the circumstances attending tbo mattor looked suspicious, and I requested, an explana tion. Are we not entitled to such, or aro a Beetion of A.W.U- membeiH to do as they pk'asef regardless of the interests of tho great bulk of members remaining? On reflection you will, I trust, recognise the justice of tho reasoning. The Bourke Parliamentary Fund is subscribed to by every member, of this branch. The four electo rates, viz.— Bourke, Burwon, Oobar and Wil .cannia, are entitled to funds for the samo, to be used in running Labor cardidalcx for such electo rates. ^ Seeing that no opposition was offered ; Sleath, the Wilcannia Loague Luis no pressing 'claim to such fund at tho prosont timo (see Kule .37, A.W.U.), and as in Bourke tho head-quarters ' 'of the branch i- re lociited, s'uoh bratich has a right to withhold Parliamentary money where 1 not aotnally required. From this ybu can, I think, scarcely fail to see that wo are fully justified in taking every pre caution to conserve the best intorests of members generally— by adhering a« clotely as popsiblo to . rules and regulations, and by . seeking information where we deem that such is required. I oai) only . repeat my assuranco that I did^ not ? intend my' previous lot ter to convey any high handed a oti n on my part. I had my duty to perform, just as you havo yourself, and if I used ? somewhat' strong language I did so provisionally ? and generally. I now request, again, that you will ? furnish an oxplanatiou on behalf of your League, and beg to remain, yours faithfully, A. E. Gbaob, . .Lato Acting- Secretary. Extract from a letter written by T. White, Acting- Secretary, Bourko, toF. Hartley, A.W.U. Agent, Wilcannia : — \- A.W.U., Bourko, July 30, 1895. Mr. Fdank Hartley, A.W.U. Agmt. ; Dear Sir,— lie that letter to Marriott (Grace's 'letter of 17th July), he (Marriott) has replied, ? stating that the 'insinuations aro baaeloBS and oonten.pt iblo.' But thore is one thing over- \ looked— this is, Sleath was unopposed, and con sequently the necessity for an advance of £25 to ; Wilcannia Electorate did not oxist, and as your name was attached to the telogram asking for the' monoy it would be only right to give your j explanation. At tho samo timo I think the j money should bo refunded, since tho grounds for the claim wero .removed upon Murphy's retire ment. If Bomefliing is not done in tho matter I j would liko; to/'Jtnow how any application in | futuro is likol^ to be received in view of tho sur roundings ih this caso ; and standing upon . dignity is nolthor manly nor satisfactory whore ^any doubts exist. It would, therefore, seem to ' me proferable for the committee to discuss it and sbine definite decision be arrived at, and I hope ? to 'hear from you in time for our committee meeting, which takes place on tho 8th prox. ?Yours faithfully, Tuos. Wiiitk, Acting-Secretary. [extbaot.] Wilcannia, August 5, 1895. T. White, Acting-Secretary, Bourke. Dear Sir,— I am pleased that you should ask me why I allowed my name to be pin cod upon the wire sent your committeo by Marriott for money to assist Sleath in his probable contest. Now, in this letter I intend to speak plainly and truthfully, and I hope that I will make myself clearly understood, and that you will extend the fullest possible meaning to any words that I employ. I will first deal with Grace's letter to Marriott, and will here assure you that I do so moie with feelings of sorrow than of anger. I suppose you are aware that Grace enclosed that letter in one'be sent to me, with the request that I should read it before handing it to him, which I did. Now, immediately before that wire was sent I went to Murphy and u?ed my best endea vours to get him to withdraw. I pointed out to him tbe impossibility of him winning thp seat and the blackleg game that he was playing ; but he would not listen to me, saying that I only w;antcd him to withdraw beoause I was afraid he would beat Sleath. I then consented to wire for money. However he, as you know, withdrew at the, last moment, through pressure being brought to bear upon those who were going to nommato him, by many of tho townspeople going to them and threatening to withdraw their support from them. I myself wens to those people and told thorn that I Would do my best to get them boy cotted ; and, though they admitted that no one had, a chance with Sleath, they said they wanted an election for the purpose of getting money spent around the district. Murphy was anxious to go, and ho was willing to bo made the tool of a few carping fools who wanted him, as they themselves, Said, to put us to expense. Now, i 1 appears, to me that Grace's letter was one alto gether unworthy of ? a, man filling the position which he did, and I feel that if your committee instructed'him to write suoh a letter- that they as weU as lie 'exhibited the unfortunate possession of an intelligence that has not expand from ? the timo of their eu.rly childhood. .But. u um'. was alono tespouHi'l-In, I know it would bo oou ducive to harmony » bwioro writjiij.'. again } our committee instructed hun to pluco l&ttejtf; bofore thorn for their appiovali , , . . ., , =?. , Boiled down, his letter charts tno people hem ' with being a'1 co;poif.lion of thiovvi who htmi banded themselves together, ior Uie puinoso ot \ robbing tlio sacrificing mombcia-of thoA.^ .u., \- bud hint' . that Sleath is:thoi® chiof^ l io speaks, of r- ♦' uxideriiftncL^drk, 7 ' brilliant moves.' when ''m^^teltrorainfciit ±-o^itioxis can$*be trn-ted,, and ^vith, aafelotfuouow ,^d moral atmosphere which haa surronuded himh/ifl been none of the purest, and that' he is now struggling in the face of adverse oircurnKtannes. I would adviso hityyto remctrtbor that in his search after honesty it is not confincd to his. itumoduite sunoundingfi. - Jf he had any doubts about tho hounsty-oi tlw- affair. why did. ho not wrilo as a rnau, and aalc, for that information which- ho was jusUy*' bntitlod \to, instead of employing htng'ungo which a child .wo.uld hardly bo excused (for UHing. ' ? \ I won't say any more about that let^ur. , You may think I am hot justified in -writing in this strain, but in my opinion I've let biro down vory 1 light. . ' '. ' : Head the . lettflr.-v.for .yourjjell1, and as a man fdrm-.,ypnr ' own- h'as'-. the_ £25. Write him, ?;agd:-?Xvlia^!'^^oubt^ Aidll ''gety every ^atiefrtcli&l;'^'Tli^mfjp^ paid.!' to him on, the Moi-drt.^(ill^tb lttly);-''i»ud:ho'-Ieft: bore on the Thiifsday .' to ' asMsfe Qhrit1. Watson. ? Kow, there is one -thing I wiRh to jmpiew upon you. I am not close friends with Marriott or any oi the Wiloanuia fellows ; in fact, things are just ihe opposite, so don't think I would attempt to 3cr-jen them, even if theyjwere my closest friends. Yours faithfully, Frank Habtley. A.W.U., Bourko, Aug 10, 1895. F. HAKTMSY, A.W.U. Agent. Dear Sir, — Youwio Jiandof tho 5th. In reply to your strictures upon Grace, and th-t question of the money for tho P.L L., I may tell you that whatever your opinion as to tho propriety of writing as he did, tho fact remaius that tbo moocy .was obtained for a purpose which was vory quickly removed, and afterwards used, as you admit, for an altogether different one, and you must know that neither Marriott, nor your self, nor the P.Ij.Xi. had any right to expend it tor auy other purpose than the one voted tor, namely, to support Sleath in his candidature fur Wilcannia against Murphy. Instead of us hav ing to write Sleath for tho money, that is the luty of tho,--G who gave it to him, and unless it is done the whole matter will require invts iga iing. I might montion the P.Ij.L. in Wilcannia, aro lot aware of its destination officially, bo that to jay the least, it is curious how the proper au thority for tho receipt and distribution of the noney should be in tho dark. Murphy, to', was iuch a strong supporter of Sleath 's last year :hat his change of front by becoming an oppo lont without a possible chance of winning, leads )ne to suppose ho had some othor object than jure cuascduess in allowing himself to benomiu ited. You wrote yourself a little while ago, to ?ay ' that Gladstone could'nt boat Sleath.' However, the matter will bo brought bofore my sommittee to-morrow, and they will deal with it, jo. that I need not wiito at greater length now. Yours faithfully, Thomas White, A -ting Secretary. [extract.] Wilcannia, Aug. 13, 1895. Thomas White, Acting- Secretary, Bourke. Dear Sir,— Your letter to hand, and I think you havo failed to grasp the truth re that £25. I do not for one moment suppose that Sleath has used the monoy. I may state that just as ho w.'iS leaving for Young, I spoke to him about the money, and he said 'That will 'be alright, I'll settle with Bourke.' AH I know about the affair l told you in a straight manner. I would be one of the first to kick up a row over crooked work, whether it was Sleath or anyone else who was guilty of it, but I am perfectly satisfied that no Brooked work was intended, and I don't think any was done. As far as the Wilcannia P.L.L. not knowing anything about it, to me that seems rather etrange. I have only been at one of the meetings since I came here, but Marriott is their presi dent, and I felt satisfied that when he spoke to me that everything was straight, hence my name after first interviewing Murphy was placed on the wire. You say I admit it was expeuded for a purpose contrary to what it w;as voted for. You aro mistaken, I never said it was expended for any purpose, and to close the whole thing, I will say that I do not believe it is expended at all, and that Bourke will receive it alright again; and although you in a manner try to excuse Grace's letter, you will find it difficult to do so to your own satisfaction. Yours faithfully, Frahk Hartley. [extract.] Bourke, Aug. 21, 1895. Frank Hartley, A.W.U. Agent. Dear Sir, — Yours of the 13 th and 17th to hand. In reply, I may state that I am instructed to write the P.L L. (at Wilcannia) officially, and look to them for a return of the money from Sleath. ! Of course, you will naturally be offended at the letter from Grace assuming a concerted plan down there, but if placed in his position you might havo written stronger. However, I need not dwell at length on tho matter, but say at onco that it has to be satisfactorily settled, and if everything comes out alright, then I expect you will roceivo any reparation that is necessary. At; the same timo, the correspondence will be pubr lished if no satisfaction is given regarding it.';. Yours faithfully, Thomas White, AoLing-Secrotary. ? Tho committee iustructed tbe Acting- Secretary, T. White, to reply to tho Wilcannia P.L.L., cousequimt upon the receipt of the following letter from that body, asking for information. Wiloannia, Aug. 5, 1895. The Secretary A.W.U., Bourke. Dear Sir,— I am instructed by the membeas of the P.L.L. here to ask you has an amount of £25, which your branch sent here in case- of a Parliamentary contest, been refunded ; if not, can you give us any information concerning it. The above amount wan, . I bplicve, sent from 'yotir branch tf- tho late Secretary of the P.L.L. hero, and iu due course handed to the represented ;'e of this district, with I believe the iuiowledg - of the gout leiaftri''.' acting ,at present ati your Agent hor&V; Tbo nfyney was sent for, without the knowVdgo or. ctmexii; .ot the committee, and bovju otlic^if of 'hu pr^aour (- Ti.Tj, hyre, nod J w,iy state that tho. P.l4.L.. xi,,iiiuhM-,.hwe aie simply. Jui ions, ovov (ho matter, and us moit of thorn iiva TJnfonists, are of course -interestod in the .wes--' tiniiion of tluV^o, \viiich, we ti-uat will arrive iu your 'oianch'o h-.ndrf- ' i\, ? t - j/WV thL'k they did ll^iu getting iho money. bU aa the opposition^ wlthcliowf the (mpnv , - . - 7T ?a should revert to ' your branoh. All- information; -ou tho subicct will bo welcome jusfc^ now. f _ ' ? Hoping matter? in connection with the'Umon are progressing smoothly up your way, and thai, prospects are somewhat brightening., v,o... I fan, yours in anticipation, ' , . i ' . 1 W. G. Campion, ~ Hon. .Socrotary P.L.li. ?' Bourke, Aug. 21, 1895. W. G. Gami'ion' , Hon: Secretary P. L, L., Wilcannia. Dear Sir, --Yours of the Sth inst. came duly ro hujd. I would havo. replied earlier, but had 1.0 lav the matter before my committee, aud missel laf-t mail through prf^stire of work. , How t :ver, I atri instructed to inform you that £25 was wired to j^fun- irifct, on the strength of a telegram signed by Hartley and himself, received here on tho 13th, July, and:worded as follows: 'Sleath opposed, wire' share of money to contest seat. ^ Mi-. Grace, then acting-secretary, thinking Of course that Marriott 'was still secretary of tho League, and that a bona-Jiide opponent was com ing forward, complied without further enquiry , and you may bo sure had he known that Murphy was tho man, or that it would havo gone for any other purpose than to contest Wilcannia, the money would have remained whore it was. However, as it has not been returned, and your branch being tho recognised body to see the money expended, my committee have asked that you write Sleafli to return it at once, or if not satisfactorily settled, then the whole of the cor' riwpondence to be published in the Wobkeb, and I feel sure the interests of labor will be benefited by a ready compliance with tho request for a re fund. The fund is only available for election expenses. in tho branch, and within the control of this committee. They have no desire to with hold any lcujitiroats allowance to any branoh of the P.L.L. , but would certainly decline to vote it for tho purposo it is reported to have been afterwards intended for. You will judge from this how wo were situated, and our means of knowing what developments wore taking place, and if you communicate with Mr. Sleath, I havo no doubt tho matter will be finally sottlcd to our mutual satisfaction. At least I trust so, and beg to remain, Yours faithfully, Thomas White, A cthig- Secretary, Bourke. Eithor a short timo prior, or immediately afier tho receipt of this letter, Mr. Campion, instructed by bis OommitUo, wrote Mr. Sleath for an ex planation as to whether ho had returned the £25 to the Bourke Committee or not, seeing there had been no contest for the _ Wilcaunia seat. No reply was received to this, nor did another letter, written upon the 8th Sept., meet with any better result. A third was dispatched in the latter end of September, r.peating the request for a satisfactory explanation, and stating tho determination of the League to pub lish all correspondence if this was not forth coming. Mr. Sleath did, indeed, reply to this, but only to deny the right of the Secretary or his League to ask him any t.uch question. I am sorry I cannot give the full text of this part of the correspondence. Mr. Campion did not take copies of his letters, and could not, therefore, eupplv the exact text from memory ; and, as Mr. Sleath impugns the accuracy of the. copies Mr. Campion did supply, I am, therefore, debarred from publishing anything more than the bare facts, which are unquestioned, and it would be unfair to both to publish one side of the question alone. Following this, I, at the instance of the Com mittee, personally interviewed Mr. Sleath in Sydney. At that interview, he maintained that he had a perfect right to the money. I pointed out that he could not have spent £25 in travel ling to Wilcannia and printing and advertising expenses prior to nomination day, but, while admitting that he didn't, he considered that his previous election cost him more than the Parlia mentary Fund allowance, and that he was thus justified in applying the present balance towards liquidating the old liabilities. Haying no op portunity of ascertaining the Committee's view, I could only voice my own disagreement with such a proposal. Mr. Sleath also required , to know what ar rangements would be made in futuro for disburs ing this Pailiamentary' Fund — whether moneys would be available by each Electorate Branch without any. cont-st eventuating ; whether, such moneys would be available for organizing at other than election times, and other questions, of a like character. . . I told him that neither the Committee nor , ; myself could, answer such questions, as thoy. were matters for the proposed P.L.L. District Aesembly to decide, and that body was not then in existence. Even if it were, and that it could answer these questions satisfactorily, they jftould not be ii.uxed up, I contended, with this matter of the £25. Mr. SJoath thought differently j however, _atvl stated his intention of getting tho Committee to answer.; them, since I could not. The inter* iew terminated without anything definite resulting. Mr., Sleath stated that , he would state to the Committee his reasons in full for holding the monoy,^ and upon voceipt of their reply would determine his course of action. Many other matters not vory relevant to -the^ point at issue were also disoussed, and even ins what I have stated I : havo meroly given, and as fairly as I- can, thevposition taken up by Mr. Sleath, together with my own view, but without attempting; to repeat the arguments by which each fortified 'that view .i : Parliament House, Sydney, . ? ' October 19, 1895. , Acting- Secretary, A.W.TJ., Bourke. Dear Sir, — Mr. D. Macdonell, Sec., Bourke Branch, A. W.U., acting under instructions of the Bourke' Committee, waited on me during the week in regard to tho distribution of the Par liamentary -Fund of that Branch. I then ex pressed the opinion that ? it would be better, perhaps, for me to communicate direct with the Committee, who might be in a position that Mr. Macdonell was not to answer certain questions bearing upon this matter. , ' - Would you now be good enough to., let me know wfiiat ' information you really want, and I shalllbndfavor to supply same ?... Would you also . be gbbjd enough to'intorm me if letters signed by one of tlie: nanio ot A. E. Grace, vriio claim:; to hav,, been Actihg-Secotai y of joii' Bran* b, are official communications, .-and Have either re ceived the authority c-r -enrlorremeut of your ? Committee? The letters I refer, co are dated tbo 17i.lv and 3 1st July, addressed, -to Air. .1. G. MurxioU, ii\e former, beiug sant.a* an- open-letter through Mi. Fr.vuk Hartley. I would also deem it-a favor it you wouldanturm -mo if your Com-. ? ruittee havo since then aulhorhv J .nv eommani- - \- cationft -ixL-jslorouLoe to -thi.vmatter. iu * ,r' sent out, iind, -f to, *10 wbou. Awaiting aieyh J ^ ,v 1 inf, yutaf/j&o; if -v 1, I -' ^ na^.QLp^iL.'^,: 'M House^ if i'V:- ? ^t;'Sir^^p§io|fto jlW? of' tbo~'l'3th 'inst;,',!^ ^^J^'frufrt^'ijtb yen , that my t CommittjBfif|fail,r to Ir^wfei ' .ylair- fo tho £25,;' as 'tHew%aai - 1 , 'to oje. you to' flhow Jc-ittfe'^hy oe r^ijOuedlo lho ^ A.^ fU^Bourke puad'to f h r ther St ttti that;1 hay c-^sidp]f§Mr^A!l'i'jS^GM'oo' pejiVollj jnM ifiriu in Writing |ot*. ah explanation re disposal of 'vnoiiey, , p.hd uphold his contention thatJ ti\o pulling up of - l-ipv 'nouiiiiaUo^^tlid riot warh/jjt /n;y * dlaim„upKo!S;the Pftl^iam^fery Fund. } -T crffi^tder^ ' jco's Jetfrr ot '.ho ^Ist JttljrW^rs'onal' explaiifetjo'nj'ui. he wa« not ^ then-A6tirig- SecreUry-;Tati'^ i ogardirig the last 'question, have to sttt.te th^t -:ki , aid^hurity watt . givertanyono fo corti^iu(-ioate.wxthj.^tJiet'l5i , jhose who bad an^olficifil^ight to tvesivo .cortbv^ ,, ' ' upondenoe upon the'sulijcoii ; ' Anticipating an*early answer, *' ' I am, faithfully youra, ' J 'V. -v- ' jThos. WinTB, ' v \ Acfcing-Seordtaryj ^ Prtrliament House, Sydney, Nov. 10, 1893. :T. Whiter Esq., Acting-Secretary, A.W'.U. : . Dear Sir,— Yours of thos2oth ult. to band - and I can only express my regret th-it your Com mittee should have gone -so far as to consider the letters of Mr. A; Ji. Grace perfectly j tisti- fiable. 'Two of your statement» I fail to undeiv. v stand, viz., that thero was n'o' election for the ^ 1, Wilcannia. constituency arid, secondly, -that ? . Murphy putting up for nomination would not ; - warrant any claim on the&Parliamentary; Fund. In regard to tho first,' there is a wide- spread bolief that there was au election for Wilcannia, and that I. was returned^: : That bolief, I may add, is shared in by myself. In regard to tlio second matter, you might;H'avo been good enough to explain why.no claim1 could be made against the Parliamentary Fund on account of Mui-phy .; coming forward as a oa'ndidute. Siich an ex- ' - planation would certainly, have thrown a good - . deal of light on a subject -that seems very much shrouded iu mystery. \ However; let me /Bay here that I do not claims to bo -^infallibte, and that I am always willing to try and 'arrive at a reason- .. able solution of any difference that may exist between myself and othoiTv But, looking at tbo letter of A. 1£. Grace, dated the 17th (July, learn- ' , ing by your communication that it is official and meets with the approval of your: Committee, I can only say J. would bo sinking my manhood to . , continue a correspondenQe. with a body ? that approves of such a scurrilous and foolishly im- ; pudent communication. : I cannot.' discuss a' question with any body whoso first official com- , . . munication is .an insult to me, and, m my..1, opinion., a discredit to them. I am, yours faithfully, .. Richard SLEATHi , - 's As Mr. Sleath failed to answer tho Committee' 0 ' request to show cause why he should keep. ;tl-iB money, they decidcd to allow him liis coach; fare from Cobar to Wilcannia, ,and any printing and ^ advertising expenses lie may have incurred prior to his be ng .declared the representative of thei i district upon nomination day, and asked, for, the return of the balance of the £25 bofore Dec. 7, failing which tho whole oi the correspondence ?/ bearing upon the case to be »v.ii-rnhed. Tho Secretary wa8 instni'.tc i-l«o, to, dbake. clear iu hiu reply the* - ]-»birt wic.'h in tho opinion of the Gomm'itUo . Meatb had,roither:.; ? evaded or misconstrued. * ? A. W.U., Bourko,' : . . I'uv. -JU, ]&Jk; E.. Sleatii? .fefjii ii, P., Sydney. Dear Sir, — Youi? ' iuot. h''S been duly le^tHved and o ti.viu.'iv.o V .- my ?'..'ompni-t-.ci, They luivo in»trhcU:o rue to ivply tl?.; ue . w.t;y ? wexo o.ily aotuatjod - s''0 ! i if'* )-? you to ivithor refui. - ih' -C j '- . . u' -g there li. id- been no-.{:oir.-:;;-t Air lite tu* oirx; . iurnwh. sbmo .reasons w?i\ you wtire euitifled 60 ? rotainit, thoy would be hiclftafj'iu-ttift.t duly nG\~z ^ ? if they allowed thi ooiro'.nar'dcnfo M-')p until, ' ? — you have accepreil eithrij,- uw:- of the ii'isonahle alternatives offer, oil yt/Vi. And tti.ev.. trust that you will ^recognize that, so fas frpwi 'your- man hood being degraded by holpiag. to clear this matter up, .you -can. only truly assert it by doing so.: You have either k j i'iit, claim to the whole or a portion , of this mor.t y, or else you have not. If you h£vo any claun, you must have some reasons that you can advance in support of it, and it is certainly your duty to furnish them* when arkod to do so ; while if you have none— and your silence is apt to bo ko construed — your duty to re turn the money should be equally clear. Getting on to stilts as you do when you state 'that it would be a degradation to your man hood to 'continue -this correspondence' because sorpr«'-ne acting . temporarily m this office as Secietary had in (Writing to. somoone else given expression to the suspicion that Murphy's opposition to youi'self did not appear to be alto gether bona fide,' cannot blind people to the fol lowing facts: - 1\. That this Branoh advanced the sum of £'25, not to you, but to the .Wilcannia Branch of tho P.L.L. upon the representation of the President of that body and Mr. 1». Hartley that you wore ' , - to be opposed, and that up -n receipt of it they handed it on to you. 2. That yo'\ were not op posed, nor even threatened with serious opposi tion. You -have : admitted yourself, as well as several of your supporters, that Murpliy never had the ghost of a show against you. 3. That as a sensible man, you wotdd not have spout much of yoyr own money over such a miserably weak antagonist as Murphy, or in any preliminary ex penses when no serious opposition threatened, and that as an honest man you must have boon just as careful over Union funds as of your own, and that, therefore, the great bulk oi thus .£25 must still remain iu your possession . Common sense and common justice would alike fccout (.lie idea of a Labor candidate spending £25 , from a Parliamentary Fund se- rapod together by hush- ! .- toilers out of their scanty; earnings bofore 11 was settled whether he was to be opposed or not, mid you have admitted to Macdonell yourself* that you did not do anytliiug iso unjust or foulif.h, Surely, then, upon retleution^you -.will see that v even i±. Murphy's opposition had- been, dangerous : - —which no one can say ifc_was— and. that ther^' was nothing' therefore to-: axci^v) ; Sac ; .. 1 suspicion in .Grace's i^mct : aud 0 if .- ay^L', or the whole ©t' tho 3ourko officials Imv '* I J wildest charges or e**pvf'8'-,oC +hsjai.x. 01 Mut able suspicions again.'. t jou \and th^y di J -ire; s iii these tilings), such .loi.duct iv^ald have ? v ^ justification, for iota i.iii,^ im ?? bilanc.e. ' { * 'T ^ It is very incons^tevHhsi. ' ltin?a-;c,ui „ ' / iu such Htrong- termStU^.-toiwf^'iniify^no'u v-}- '? j ' dressed to yourself, ot,'all),yoii.*i.}ifn,.'^{i.K'^ ,--v ^ ao iutemper^tely;^ .{Ij#1 !--j „ ^ ' explauationjhbwilhig-itu 1 -ry ' were1 madO' liy!.'th^ tUlp, Vi'-t ' .'I ' -4 j|en{|ion ' - . . ? I ?v -yonr. discourtesy in. leaving his letters un- I answered ' for ' two months, but topoint out your unreasonableness' in denying that League s right v . to know how the money voted tie i was ex ? ? pended that X mentioned this matter.- No doubt any League may, if it chooses, hand its funds , over, or a portion of them, to a candidate of ; its choice, and trust him to expend them to tho best . advantage; but no candidate has any right to deny his League any information concerning it ^should he be' call* d upon to d.i so. -And this was ? iiicumbent upon you, 'seeing that the money was handed to you without the authority of either a committee or a general meeting, while the fact that there had been no contest should have been ' an additional reason, so that opponents, could v.'*-' have no grounds for casting any aspersions at, ? ? our movement. In such matters we should act ? openly as well as squarely. ; ' As the continuance of this disagreement can ? only damage the cause we all profess, at least, to believe in, wo trust that you will even at this , late hour acknowledge the unreasonableness of your position, and accept the terms of this Com mittee. With a view.of avoiding anything that would bear even the .slightest suspicion of a wish to deal either hastily or unfairly with you, they have decided to allow you coach fare from Cobar to Wilcannia and any printing expenses in curred; by you up till nomination day, and simply ask you -to return the balance of the £25 to this office, allowing you till Dec. 7 to do so. 1 Herewith I enclose copy of the resolution agreed to. As our books close next month, we cannot extend the time beyond that date. Iu conclusion, we would respectfully but firmly request you to waive these side issues you \- have raised, and state definitely whether you -will 'accept these terras ; and if not, why not ? I am, yours faithfully, Thos. White, : .7 .Acting- Secretary. Parliament House, Sydney, ' - Dec. 7, 1895. Thos. White, Esq., Acting- Secretary, A.W.U., Bourke. Dear Sir,— Tours of the 23rd ult. to hand, en closing resolution from your Committee, to-, , gether with five pages of presumably your own ideas .upon, things in general. Iu reply to your Committee; I wish to state that I cannot with draw from the position taken up in regard to ? this matter, and I again reiterate my determina tion not to discuss the question with you uuless that insulting and hysterical letter written by ? your Acting-Secretary, and endorsed by your ? Committee, is withdrawn. In regard to this oft repeated threat of publishing all correspondence upon the subject, I have not the slightest personal objection, and should your Committed feel sotfisfied that the cause of Labor would be benefitted by the publication of the manner in which the Parliamen'ary Fund, has been ex pended, I will gladiy take a hand in bringing ? - to light a matter (to put ic mildly) that should have been published long ago, and which seems ?to bo surrounded with so much mystery and Buspicion. In regard to your own little effusion of five pages, the only apology for it, I suppose, lies in the fact that you thoroughly realize how rotten a case you have got to go before the public with, and you are therefore anxious to. bolster it up by this impudent and misleading rodomontade. ? You take up a page in demanding to know why I did not answer certain letters s?nt to me by a gentleman of the name of Campion in Wil cannia ? Seeing that you have got my reply to \ him^wliat more 'do yoii want ? And, after all, who appointed you dictator- general, and ve-.ted you with the power of questioning as to whom I should reply ? Tour letters up to date have all been replied to, and where does your right to exercise this general supervision over matters ' that don't concern you' come from ? But I don't mind letting you. into a secret. This Campion has such a free-and-easy style of composition that I had fondly hoped was con fined to your Mr. Grace, and I am somewhat afraid that in your case you are rapidly de veloping a weakness for this particular form of letter- writing. ? Let mo say, in conclusion, that if your Com mittee really want a peaceful and satisfactory settlement of any difference of opinion that may exist between them and' myself , they will at once ^.withdraw tiiiB' obnoxious letter, and trust \- — entirely to the justice and equity of the case for a proper settlement. If not, thefa. it will be clear that they want a fight with mo from other motives altogether, and I can only promise them t.liiH — that I am ready and willing to defend my every action either on any platform or through the press. Iam, yours, &c.;, Riohd. Sleath. A.W.U. Office, Bourke, ?' Dec., 12, 1845. , Mr. R. Sleath, M.P., Parliament House. ? Dear Sir,— I am very sorry to learn from your letter of the 7th. inst. that you refuse tb accept the terms offered by ; the Committee of this Branch— sorry not merely oii personal grounds, but also because of the ill-effect you persistence in your present course will have in the ranks of the workers generally. ' I had hoped this matter would have been settled before my resumption of office duties, but since that, unfortunately, is not the case, and I have to take it in band, while I shall have to-say some harsh things, I shall, at any rate, avoid making any of those insinuations that you so Btrongly resent in the case of another and so readily employ in your own. I must protest, however, against your attempt to cast the onus of publishing this correspondence upon this Committee. They simply place certain conditions before you, and you decide what shall be done ; and you cannot deny that they allowed you ample time, and consideration to square matters up before they placed any conditions before yon. For five months you have retained v possession of this £25, the greater part of which I at least you have no just claim to. Upon three different occasions the Secretary of the Wilcannia P.L.L., instructed by his Committee, asked you for information concerning it, and, after the lapse of two months, you only replied to his third letter, and point blank refused to give any, or admit the right of him or his League to ask for it. For the last couple of months my Com - mittee has striven without result to either obtain ' : ' a refund of the money, or - a statement of your reasons for retaining it, and even if they had been inclined to allow matters to remain in their present unsatisfactory. position, the balance-sheet \- . that must be published immediately the Branch books are audited would ^prevent their doing so. The money could not be debited to the Wilcannia ? P.L.L., although sent to them, for they never got it. It would have to show in your hands, whether the Committee liked it or not. The only difference in the publication of the corre spondence would' be to show members that the Committee did all that was possible in their interests to recover the money. ? ' This proof that^they did not bring matters to a ~ ' ' ' Crisis -until fi vermouths had elapsed, and only « v then .wheh; they.i?would have to. be made, public I anyhow, is aVsuffioient answer to your implica- I £^1,^ & ' ?* y- % I, , ' f tion that they aro trying ' to seek a quarrel with you whiile a further proof lies in the fact that thoy could have spoiled all your chances - in , the A.W.U. and A.L.F. ballots had they any desire to give publicity to these matters until every reasonable way of' settling them quietly should have been exhausted. , ? The Committee have recognized all along that ,^e should not make our quarrels public if any other course is open, but they consider it a lesser evil to publish the facts of this case than allow you to retain Union money you have no just claim to, and refuse to give it up or any informa tion concerning it. But I trust even yet you will abandon the un reasonable position you have taken up. Surely you aro too clear-headed to think for a moment that Grace's letter justifies you in withholding the mouey. If Grace called you a scoundrel, you would not go and straight away prove yourself one. If he implied — and he contends lie did not, but suppose he did — that you im properly obtained possession of this money, surely that would not justify you in retaining it for one hour, let alone five months. There are those, no doubt, who would regret the tone of Grace's letter, and the same people would, no doubt, probably fail to see perfection in that of some of your own but everybody should realize that the Parliamentary Fund is not intended to relieve the feelings of anyone aggrieved at the tone of any Union official or ex-official's letters. The two matters are en tirely distinct, and must be kept so. If Grace did you a wrong, he should certainly acknowledge it ; but whether he did or not, or whether be acknowledges it or not, has nothing whatever to do with your plain duty to the whole of tbe members of this Branch. There is one paragraph iu your last com munication that call3 for stricture. Tou say ' that if your Committee feel satisfied the cause of Labor will be beuefited by the publication of the manner in which tho Parliamentary Fund has been expended, I will gladly tako a hand in bringing to light a matter (to put it mildly) that should have. been published loDg ago, and which seems to be surrounded with so much mystery and suspicion.' Now, if you know anything in connection with the Fund ' surrounded with mystery and sus picion,' and which should have been made public long ago , why don't you do your duty as a Labor leader and bring it to light, and altogether irre spective of what the Committee may say or do. But, instead, you tell the Committee you will say nothing about it on the condition that they also keep quiet regarding this correspondence. It is at once a threat and a bribe to purchase their silence with your own. .It is' to be hoped you wrote hastily, and that your own better judgment would condemn the unworthy proposal. But whether it expresses your hasty or your matured judgment, the only answer tbe Committee can give is this : To re peat their previous offer to allow you coach fare from Cobar to Wilcannia and any printing expenses you may have incurred prior to nomina tion day, and to request that you will return the balance of this £25 to this office by the 17th inSt., failing which they will be forced to refer the matter to members through the columns of the Wobkeb. Trusting that you will consent to this course, I am, faithfully yours, . D. Macdonell. Parliament House, Sydney, December 15, 1895. D. Macdonell, Esq., Secretary, A.W.U., ' -Bourke. Dear Sir, — Truth is a virtue that does not seem to be one of your redeeming qualities, and I regret that you should have so .far departed from it. Tour assertions only prove the folly of continuing a correspondence on a question that, to all appearances, you don't want peacefully settled. I have just gone over the whole of my communications to your office on this question, and I cannot for the life of me see the slightest justification for your statement that I, by threats and bribes, want to prevent you from publishing the correspondence in reference to the distribu tion of the Parliamentary Fund. If my simple statement that 'I have not the slightest personal obj- ction ' can be taken by any sane man to be either a threat, or a bribe, then I have not the faintest idea of the meaning of the English language. On the other hand , your threats'como thick and fast. This is the third time I have been threatened with the publication of this correspondence, and you, in your modesty, go so far as to a,ssure me what dire results will follow. Everyone must of necessity, in your opinion, accept your ideas and opinions. Well, when the long-looked-for time arrives, we shall see. As to how the Parliamentary Fund has been expended I don't know, and never met anyone else who did, although I have come across a good many who were anxious to know. I have one letter from the late Secretary (Mr. W. Wood), which states that the sum of at least £65 would bo available from the A.S.U. fund, and at least £10 from the G.L.U. I further know that until the election was almost over nothing came to hand, and then £50 was forwarded without any explana tion whatever. 1 also know that the friends of the Committee who were running for seats were more fortunate, as many months before the dissolution came Mr. Ferguson and myself were engaged to organize the constituencies of Bourke, Cobar, and the Bar won, and this money had been handed over to some Committee in Bourke to derray the expenses. But no allowance was made for organizing the Wilcannia electorate. That was done at my expense. These facts, taken together with the action of your office afterwards to me, seem very suspicious indeed. At that time, viewing the industrial struggle then pending, and recognising the urgent necessity for solidarity in the ranks of Labor, I calmly submitted to most unjust and scandalous treatment at the hands of your Committee. I sank my feelings and inclinations for what I honestly believed to be the best interests of the cause of Labor. But the position to-day is some what different, and I feel that I am no longer called on to sacrifice myself to the petty spleen of a few individuals, whose strongest arguments seem vain threats and foolish mis-statements. Both Mr. White and yourself seem to suffer from the : samo sort of mental aberration, and your attempts' to wriggle are simply amusing iu the extreme. For instance, Mr. White, in his letter of the 25th October, informs me that your Committee not only endorses Mr. Grace's letter of the 17th July, but express their strong approval by stat ing that. they think it perfectly justifiable. But, perfectly oblivious of this fact, then he, in his next communication, has some cock-and-bnll yarn about the; same matter, 'and tries to put a different complexion on it by stating that ' because someone acting temporarily in this' office wrote the letter.' As if it mattered who wrote it, as long as it was written with the authority and with the full . pproval and en dorsement of your Committee. . Tou try a little wriggle upon your own account on the same question-. This is your expression : 'Anyone aggrieved at the tone of a Union official's or ex official's letter ' ; when, as a 'matter of fact, it was not his letter at alii but the letter of your Committee. As far as Mr. Grace' is concerned,' I should' not trouble about what he writes or utters. T-C'^orldds^b^ful), of f d-;r ogues * - '? ..s- £ if i f f '1 ft A ?£'/ ] ? *r. ... / for me to try and reform them all. 'But when he writes as tho Secretary of an organization of which I am a member, then it is a different matter altogether. Tour Committee are by far too modest in their demands.. They first, with barefaced effrontery, try: to brand me as a scoundrel, and then, unless I am prepared to admit it and bow the knee 'With' meek' humility before them, they threaten me with all sorts of pains and penalties. * : - I repeat my previous offer, viz., that your Committee withdraw their unjustifiable, -and | scandalous letter, and I will then be prepared to settle this question in a1 fair and equitable maimer. If they are so lost to a common sense of decency as to refuse 'this 'eminently just pro posal, I . absolutely refuse to h^ve further com munication with them' - As- to' your threats, I throw them back at you. j ^My character is too 'well established and my honesty too well known to need much protection from- charges hurled against me by a few nobodies. As to the tone of my letters, they have been studiously courteous ; and when I can't afford to be civil I always do as I now inform you— refuse to corre spond at all. I will frankly admit that your com munications up to now have given me some pain, not on account of myself, but because I see others prepared to sacrifice a great cause in the interests of personal feeling and petty jealousy ; for, after °11- my success seems to be my greatest fault. I had fondly hoped that you, at least, would have been a little more honest. 'Tou know very well that it has ceased to be a question with me whether any money should be returned or not. ' That is a question that miistbo settled after the barriers to a settlement are withdrawn by you.' Tet, in tho face of this, you harp on this string, aiid avoid altogether the issue by trying to make it appear that I am unwilling to return money that I havo no claim to. But your tricks are by far too thin. Trusting that your Committee will see the error of their ways, I am, faithfidly yours, Riohd. Sleath. A.W.U., Bourke, December 26, 1896. Mr. R. Sleath, M.P., Parliament House. Dear Sir, — It is evident enough from the violent and abusive tone of your later communi cations hero that nothing can be gained by a continuation of this correspondence. Had you confined yourself to more abuse it would have been well to have allowed your last letter to remain unanswered, believing that the public, to whom you are evidently writing, would be. more impressed with the pimple statement of facts put forward by this office than with all your rant, abuse, and high falutin'. But as you have made some statements which are demonstrably untrue, but which might pass current as truths (since no one would dream you would have the hardihood to make them on in sufficient grounds), if allowed to go uncontra dicted, we are thus in a measure forced to reply. Tou say that no money was sent to ' Wilcan nia until the elections were almost over. That the friends of the committee who were running for seats were more fortunate, as both Mr. Fer guson and yourself were engaged a considerable time before the dissolution to organise the Bourke, Cobar, and Barwon electorates.' JNow all these statements are untmie, and, what is worse, are deliberate untruths. This committee never asked either Mr. Ferguson or yourself to organise any electorAte, nor did tho Federated L.E.L., which did — a body upon which the A.W.U. had only six out of twelve representatives — ever engage either ?f you to organise any ; oil the electorates yoii mention, except the single one of Bourke. Nor had they either money, authority, or desire to do so, which nails lie No. 2. I have shown that as the A.W.U. committee never attempted to organise any electorate they could not ' favor their friends who were running for Feats ' and neglect Wilcannia, but as thoy did pay a resident agent at Wilcannia for the last half of 1893, and as he did a lot of good .organising work there, they indirectly favored Wilcannia beyond the other two electorates you've mentioned. Tou say ' the committee subjected you to scandalous and unjust treatment by withholding the Wilcannia portion of the Parliamentary Fund until the elections were almost over, while the other electorates that friends of the committee contested were treated differently.' Now you regard mo as one of those favored by the com mittee ; yet, as I only received the same amount from this fund as yourself and the Cobar labor candidate did, and did not receive it until both of you had obtained your portions, this venomous charge of favoritism also falls to the ground, nailing lie No. 3. _ Tou also say ' you don't know how this Par liamentary Fund has been expended, nor have you met anyone who did, although you had met many who would have liked to know.' In fact you regard its whole surroundings as being very suspicious indeed. Now, you affect to regard Grace s letter as ? an insinuation against your honor, which justifies you in withholding certain moneys until that letter is withdrawn, and yet with shameless inconsistency, and absolutely without any grounds, you charge this committee with unfairly expending' members' money on behalf of their particular political friends, and misusing their authority to victimise you. Tou furthermore make the imputation that they in league with the secretary, have faked the balance sheets so that members will not get an oppor tunity to learn of their cronk proceedings. # Later on I may say something about the inconsistency of whining about an insinuation yourself, and scattering them broadcast about others at tho samo time. But I am going1 to prove hero that with the heart of a knave you must also have the head of an ass— and a monu mental ass at that — to make such an imputation when its falsity can be so. easily proven. Ever since any union funds have been expended, by the branch, for political purposes, every single copper so expended has been shown in the branch balance-sheets, which is, even you will admit the proper place to show it. The balance-sheets for 1894 are no exception to the rule. They contaiu particulars of the amounts voted each electorate, and afford a complete vindication j against your statements . that Wilcannia was treated differently to the other electorates, or that there was any attempt at concealment of the manner in which the fund was disbursed. Seven hundred and fifty copies of these were distributed through the branch. Every shed representative that communicated with the office, or with any agency in tho branch, has been supplied with copies. And yet in the face of these facts you are paltry enough, for the sake of a few pounds, to try and spread dissension and cause distrust in their officers amongst members, by stating that they have unfairly apportioned members' money, and cooked their balance-sheets in such a way as to conceal it from them. And still, I suppose, we'll have you striking attitudes and high-faiutin' about your keen sense of honor, and swearing you'll never sink your manhood, etc. ; or, perhaps, now the false im putation has been disproved, you'll raise the same plea you did in your last in answer' to a charge of attempting, to either - threaten or bribe tho Committee. You then pleaded ignorance of the English language. ' Now, I suppose, you'll ' plead-ignorance of balance-sheets. ' ^ But 1 cannot take much stock in that iplea. If; speakingSof the' former case, you aid not whfttsl ' - - ?- iv ' ^ f A. I -? V 3 'I. . »/ charged you with moaning, why 'did not you. % not tell us what, you did mean P You said mat i ' if the Committee published the corresjxradenoe,, ? Jrou would also gladly take a hand in ibringing to i ight a matter (to put it mildly) that should havo i been published long ago, and -which seems to be i surrounded with so much mystery 'and suspicion.' You tell' of- all the 'tilings: that' cry aloud for exposure, and if the Committee publish you'll gladly take a hand in exposing them ; but they can cry aloud for all eternity.to far as you are concerned without any action on- your part if the Committee also agree, to hold their .-hands: . If that is not a threat or a bribe, what is it ? And if you spoke the truth, why did you not expose this ' matter that should have been published long ago'— and why don't-you do it nov* f I?ll tell; you why : Because you. .know of nothing to the discredit of the : Committee. If you did, the tone of your letters prove the avidity with whicli you'd grasp at anything calculated to damage, them. You' would not trump up charges if you knew of any genuine ones to lay h&nds; on. I have followed you this far in your task of raising up side issues, but it is now time to bring you back to that point you are so ready to stray away from — the point whether you are justified in keeping the money or not. Tou, blame too for harping upon the one string, but sensible people will agree that that is tho only point that should have been discussed, as all this matter that you have imported into the question should have been kept entirely apart and dealt witb separately. But your whole purpose has been to blind people to this issue. You have been asked to give a reason, if you had any, why you should bold the money or any part of it, but you never even noticed the request in your reply; nor in all your letters can you point to a single line that would indicate what your intentions regarding it are. Tou told mo that you would furnish the Committee with the reasons that you considered justified you in retaining it, at tho sume time that you would ask them certain questions in connection with tho Parliamentary Fund ; but you did not carry out your promise. Tou told Frank Hartley in July last that ' 'you would settle with Bourke,' leaving him to understand, as his subsequent letter here proves, that you would return the money, but you didn't do so. This finessing might appear smart to you, but, even if it be, it is certainly not honest. The only reason ever given by your Wilcannia friends when asking for the money was that you were to be opposed. Upon that understanding the money was sent, not to you, but to the Wil cannia P.L.L. But although there was no opposition, you obtained possession of this monoy without tho knowlsdge or consent of the Com mittee of the P.L.L., and you left the district without acquainting them with the fact that you held the money, and. subsequently bluntly donied their right to question you about it. ; !. Tou now say that you will sink your manhood if you do not close down at once on tbe corre spondence (and cash) without Grace's letter is first withdrawn and apologised for. It is passing strange that his letter should affect your sense of honor so keenly now, and yet you could hold this money for over three months and never breathe a word about it to anyone, or ask for a single one of those explanations that appears so neees sary now. It is only Bince you've been asked to return the cash that you have made a barricade of this letter. We have had several vaguo refer ences from you since as to what you would do if this letter were withdrawn, such as you will agree to ' a reasonable solution of any difficult}' that may exist,' ' settling this question in a fab ! and equitable manner' (of which you are to be the judge), 'the committee must trust entirely to the justice and equity of the case for a proper settlement' — mere vague generalities which do not , commit you to anything, biitnevei; a word whether you intended to accept the committee'f offer or not, or whether you had any counter' proposal to make. I laid it down that this Parliamentary Fund was intended to assist in securing the return o.i Labor candidates, and not for solacing the pride of one that had been wounded by the letters of c, Union official — and whether I'll be pardoned or not, I'm going to say in passing, that it is a poor kind of pride that can accept such satisfaction anyway ; and you impugned this by saying that' the committee accepted all responsibility when, carrying the resolution they did in regard to Grace's letter. Now, I deny that the committee ever expressed any opinion about the tone of Grace's letter, nor did White say they did, but I would point out, that even if they did, it would be quite beside the question anyhow, This money belongs to the whole of the members of this Branch, and even if the Committee did treat you unjustly, that would give you no license to make reprisals on them, Tou say ' You know it has ceased to be a ques tion with me whether any money should be returned or not, or when it ceased to be so.'' Now I don't know anything of the kind, I don't know if it ever was ' a question with you, or when it ceased to be so.' I do know, indeed, what is a very difierent matter, that you told me it waf, simply a matter of principle with you ; but since you kept this money so long without making any .sign of refunding it, and havo never at any time acquainted tho office of anyintention of doing so, and have only grown indignant, and developed this Trild thirst for information after being asked for it, and, furthermore, hurled charges which I have proved to be untrue at those who did ask you for it, you'll excuse me for requiring some thing more than your unsupported statement to put against all those considerations. I am not going to answer the. taunts and jeers of your last epistle. It's funny, though, to thinlr what your literary stylo would be liko if you grew angry when you write in such 'a studiously courteous strain.' Now that you ' are amused at the mental aberrations of -White and myself,' you'd evidently evolve some lurid tints then — studies in vermilion, so to speak. I had thought of enquiring what wonderful success was it that you had achieved that all tho Bourke officials were consumed by the green eyed monster of jealously at the thought of. I recollected in time, though, that without faith it was impossible to please you, and so have fore borne. ?? There are many things in your letter that tempt one strongly to treat with the ridicule they invite, but I don't feel justified in following your lead and saying things calculated to un necessarily widen the breach. This correspondonco, which it is evident you I are going to force the committee to publish, will prove that your wild statements about the com mittee forcing you 'to accept their ideas and opinions,' to make you 'bow the knee with meek humility before them,' and ' threaten you , with all sorts of pains and penalties upon re fusal,' are utterly untrue. They didn't ask you to accept any opinions of theirs. They simply asked you to refund some cash. Nor if you were ' conscious of dealing squarely should you regard the alternative they proposed— i.e., to place tho whole matter before members— as a threat. Mem bers would note your side of the question as' well as theirs, and if you had right on your side the publication would only strengthen you. It could only.be a^threat if you were in an unsound position. Regarding your expression of opinion that Labor's prospects were worse, and called for more unity last year than this, I totally dis agree with it. Disunity is bad at any time, but in my opinion there never was Buoh necessity for unity amongst bushmen us exists 'to-day. And you know that the unions - are weak enouirh anyhow, and yet in the, face' of thej/acKyou . are going to embroil the' bragoh in that ' * V, i ') '- , w lv . '( : toy.'' ? after ; and aU.foHta) nkejof a paltrylewpo for yoa cannot by^aaj pp^MUty ^ow tba^ - action is ;in 'defeAo«, :o- ^toyi bHnoipJei ' f humiliating/t6/l:ihi!iky&i;^fa^m^ ha ,/.( some uervioe inJIie labor mcrroAient jBhottId, it again by Buoh oondact. ' ' ' ''i K Hoping-, even at -this -late notuv that _ have' the good sense to^aqoept'the- Comr ' offer and return the unexpended. balance money, and take the only proper course o ing the action of the' Committee befote a body if you 'bondeive jUiey have done r injustice, ** * '? ( ' I am, faithfully yonn, 1. D. . P.'S. — A wire from you forwardiniJ^1 . stop the publication any time up ; next, at 2 p.m., as the books finally cljf ™en.— „ D.M. , r ? F As this correspondence Is publish^ an ad vertisement, no letters dealing Vjritl^t can be admitted except in our advertising ilumns, — Ei-. W». - \ . I: ' ' T ' ' ' ' / /.F * ' v.- ?; i ! ' j ? v - - , v.' | ' , V'. ? ) Vv: '? ( y 'v ' - , \ ? : ? ? ' : ? ? ^ ' , ' ? ' ?! , - |l !? ' ? ? ?? !'j - .V; , ( i ?. . ; ?. ' * ' ' ' ' ' \ ' ' ; 