GENERAL NEWS Laboe Trouble. — Onr Cool gardie correspondent reports : — Another dispute with regard to ?wages has occuired on the Cement Leases, beyond the 25-Mile, but no particulars are yet to hand. Cape Colony and Australia. — The Postmaster-General of Cape Colony, in his annual report, says : — The exchange of mail matter between the Australasian colonies and South Africa continues to increase at a rapid rate, but the service does not yet warrant any special subsidy being granted. Me. Philip Mennell. — Mr Philip Mennell, editor and pro prietor of the British Australasian, left Perth last evening for Gerald ton en toute for Cue. He proposes to traverse the whole of the Murchi son goldfields as far as can be done in the brief period at his disposal, and on returning to Perth, ?will pay a flying visit to the east before leaving for London. Yalgoo Licensing- Bench. — Onr Yalgoo correspondent tele graphed last night:— The quarterly licensing meeting for the Yalgoo goldfields was held by Mr. Warden Gibbons to-day, when twelvehcences ?were granted and four refused. Lord Avonmore, who is a director of the Goldfields Supply Syndicate, was granted an hotel licence for Yalgoo. COOLGARDIE PLEASED. ? Our Coolgardie correspondent tele graphed last night: — The new arrangements with regard to the eastern mail service came into force ihia morning, the train arriving at 9 o'clock. It left Albany at 5.30 o'clock on Saturday evening, and brought mails and passengers from the RJOi. Britannia. By the change a day is saved in the arrival of the mail, and this fact is one for congratulation. Fremantle E.C.A. — A second ?winter dance in connection with the Early Closing Association in Fremantle was held in the Pro testant-hall last night. The com mittee had ''made complete arrangements, but, owing to the wet weather, the attendance was not as large as was expected. Nevertheless, an enjoyable evening ?was spent. Mr. S. W. Tobin acted as M.C., the music being provided by Mr. Clough. Mr. W. E. Barry, the honorary secretary, had charge of the catering arrangements. The Tick Plague. — The chief inspector of stock for New South Wales has received a telegram from Mr. Pound, director of the Stock Institute, stating: — ~' I have now some live mature female ticks, still attached to a decomposed unsalted hide, which was removed 10 days ago. This proves that unless the hides are thoroughly salted or disin fected they may act as agents for conveying ' ticks long distances. A caution should be given to all butchers and exporters of hides.' The Victorian Dairy Expert' — When addressing his consti tuents at Bunbury, the Premier said that it was his intention to ask the Victorian Government to allow its dairy expert, Mr. D. Wilson, to pay a visit to this colony and report on the steps necessary to be taken to place^the dairying industry upon a proper footing. The Premier has just received a communication from the Victorian Government to the effect that Mr. Wilson cannot conveniently be spared at present. Coolgardie Police Court. — At Monday's sitting of the Cool gardie Police Court William Cox was fined 5s. for drunkenness and bad language. William Pease, for obscene language and for having created a disturbance, was sen tenced to a month's imprisonment. For drunkenness J. Bail had to pay 5s. George Wallace was charged with having no visible means of support. Th* accused said that he earned his living as a musician, but had found no outlet for his talents at Coolgardie. He was severely cautioned, and dis charged. New Building for the Mechanics' Institute. — At a special meeting of the general com mittee of the Swan River Mechanics Institute, held last evening, a selec tion was made of the plans entered for the competition for the proposed newbuildings. Sixteen plans were re ceived, and the first prize (-£50) was awarded to the design submitted by Mr. W. Haughton Bell, the second prize, £25, being secured by Mr. Harry Jefferis. The whole of the designs will be open for public examination in the Mechanics'-hall on Wednesday, between the hours of 9 ajn. and 10 p.m. Tenders will be invited shortly. Smuggling in Tasmania. — Robert Carl, jun., licensee of the Marine Hotel, Hobart, was fined ^£25 last week for having smuggled cigars and tobacco. The costs brought the fine to over .£30. The Jubilee Bazaar. — The net takings^t the jubilee bazaar held in the Town-hall last week in aid of the funds of the Roman Catholic elementary schools were about .£470, and when the expenses are deducted it is believed that about .£400 will be available for the fund for which the bazaar was organised. The returns, however, are not complete, and possibly they may exceed the estimate. Civil Settings. — The civil sit tings of the Supreme Court will begin this morning. The cases wQl be heard by Mr. Justice Stone, and in addition to the list already pub lished the following case has been set down for hearing: — In the matter of ^he Wines, Beer, and Spirits' Sales Act and in the matter of William Wheatley — appeal from the magistrates at Guildford. The Ayrshire Downs Case. — A telegram received from Brisbane states that the trial at Rock hampton of the men charged with having burned the Ayr shire Downs woolshed was con cluded, on Saturday. All were found guilty, and Martin was re commended to mercy on the ground that he was a participator only, and was not a leader. They were all re manded for .sentence, which it is not expected will be passed till the termination of the sitting. Queensland Criminal Code. — The Chief Justieeof Queensland, Sir SamuelGriffith. has forwarded to the Attorney- General a digestprepared by him of the statutory criminal law in force in Queensland on January 1, 1896, which it is within the competence of Parliament to repeal or amend. The work was undertaken by the Chief Justice over three years ago, at the request of Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith,the then Premier, and will prove a great boon to lawyers. Imports op Soft Woods. — We find that the imports of soft woods, which are required in connection with the building trade, are very largely on the increase, notwith standing that the conservator of forests has reported to the Lands Department that soft woods can be grown successfully within the colony. The soft woods imported include the various kinds of pines, firs, ash, elms, and oaks, and their value increased from £17,000 in 1894 to £45,000 in 1895. Sandalwood Exports. — Itwll surprise most people to know that during the 17 years previously to 1895 the colony exported sandal wood of the value of about £745,000, cbieny to China, ana Singapore. This shows, in an unmistakable manner, that the industry is an important one, and that the efforts of the Bureau of Agriculture to get the tree planted at Pingelly are to be commended The Lands Depart ment might, with advantage to the State, see whether something efcn not be done to replant the depleted ground, and to conserve the young sandalwood growing in various parts of the colony. Leedervelle Municipality. — The ceremony of swearing in the newly-elected chairman and coun cillors of the Leederville munici pality took place on Saturday afternoon at the temporary offices of the council at the corner of Newcastle and Oxford streets, Leederville. Mr. B. C. Wood, TH'T. A , administered the oath to Mr. J. S. Bennet, the chairman, and the latter in turn swore in the six councillors. At a later, stage the toast of 'The Munici pality' was proposed by Mr. Wood, and responded to by Mr. Bennet, and the toast of 'The Visitors,' coupled with the names of Coun cillor F.Wilson (Perth) and Mr. W. Nicholson, was also honored. Albany Steamboat Regula tions. — Yesterday at Albany, before Mr. Rowley Loftie, R.M., and Mr. A. Y. Hassell, J.P., Captain J. T. Sipple, of the steam launch Escort, was charged with having carried passengers on his launch when towing a lighter. Cap tain Newland prosecuted on behalf of the police. Mr. Loftie said he was on the Marine* Board, and would prefer that another magis trate heard the case. No objection, however, was raised to his adjudi cating, and the case proceeded. Captain Sipple, in reply to the charge, stated, that he merely acted under instructions from his em ployers. Mr. Loftie doubted whether the master was liable under the Act. Captain Sipple said he would at once admit that he carried the passengers in contravention of his licence, but under orders from his owners. The Bench said it did not intend to inflict a heavy fine in the present case, but the rules must be observed. The defendant would be fined £1, with costs. Mr. Loftie added that one passenger had com plained to him of the danger of JajirUng in a launch with a lighter in tow, especially in heavy weather, when the steamer anchored in the Sound. Agricultural Report. — Our Victoria Plains correspondent writes as follows on June 5 : — Another i dry report — still no rain, and most ploughs are standing idle. It is very pleasing to those interested in the progress of the colony to hear of the large amount of land ready for cultivation about Northam. The predictions of your correspondent are bold, though I trust they may prove true. It was said by man v when the Midland Rail way Company was constructing its line that great changes would take pla e on Victoria Plains ; that home steads would rise, and that the extent of clearing and cultivating would be immense. I have heard the question asked, When are these things to take place r But I can not get it answered. To all intents and purposes the area of land selected by the Midland Railway Company is as securely locked up as . it was when the line was under construction. I think I may safely say that, if the company were to lease its land in areas, within, the limit of the small farmer, our dis trict would move quietly ahead, and become a more important settlement in a very short space of time. - A Big Offer Declined. — Mr. J. F. T. Hassell (reports our Albany correspondent) has received an offer by cable from London of £50,000 cash for his Kendinup estate. Mr. Hassell has replied, declining the offer. Up-to-date. — A Washington official whose health is not good, but who has not time to go to his physician in New York, con sults him at a certain hour every day now by long-distance telephone. Then he switches his druggist on, and the physician tells the latter the prescription by word of mouth. Ecclesiastical. — The Rev. Father Quinn, who arrived in the R.M.S. Oruba, preached at the three services in the Roman Catholic Church at Albany on Sunday to large congregations. Father Quinn has not yet been appointed to a mission, but it is quite probable that he will be stationed at Albany. A Spanish 'Artist '. — TWaaizan. tini, the well-known Spanish bull fighter, was a railway porter be fore he found his present occupa tion. Growing weary of his humble work, he said: — ' I must makesome money. In Spain there are only two ways — to be a tenor or a bull- fighter. I can't 'ing, but I know I can kill a bull.' He be gan in a small way, and soon be came the greatest bulL-kflling artist in Spain. The Clare Land Cases. — The LandBoardsitting at Hay (N.S.W.) has given its decision in regard, to what is known as the Clare land cases. The verdict affects the homestead lessee, M'Nie, and ap plies to several other lessees, whose cases it was agreed should be de cided on M'Nie's. The board found that M'Nie did not take up the homestead lease for his own sole use and benefit, but entered into an agreement with one John Waugh, by which Waugh and others, as lessees of the Clare pastoral hold ing, could obtain the use of the land. Smart Arrest at Midland JtrncnoN. — For some time past the railway authorities at the Midland Junction railway station have been troubled by goods arriving by train being missed, and on 'Saturday evening last Corporal Gee, in company with Railway- detective Campbell, ar rested a railway employe named William Thompson on a charge of having stolen a quantity of match boarding. On the following day, the officials, having obtained a search warrant, proceeded to Thompson's residence at Helena Vale, and it is stated that they found a quantity of matchboard ing, sugar, hams, and oatmeal, which were supposed to have been stolen from the railway. Thomp son was brought before Dr. Stewart EJML, at Guildford yesterday, and remanded for eight days. Teabes and Labor Council. — The fortnightly meeting of the Trades and Labor Council was held at Jacoby's Hotel on Friday last, Mr. Underwood presiding. Corres pondence was received from the Principal Under-Secretary, regard ing, the Asiatic question, and from the Typographical Society, rejecting the proposed, rules for a Labor Party. An anonymous correspon dent also wrote, m airing certain statements regarding the manage ment of the ~ Fremantle harbor works. Several delegates furnished particulars regarding- the sub letting of Government contracts and information concerning truck building at the Fremantle loco motive shops. The secretary was instructed to forward these par ticulars to Mr. W. James, M.L.A. An application from the Boiler makers' Society for affiliation to the council was granted. A com mittee was appointed to inquire whether there was any foundation for the charges made against the management of the Fremantle harbor-works by an anonymous correspondent. It was resolved that the secretary should call a meeting of the plumbers and iron workers at the Fremantle lumpers' room on Friday next, ft was decided to hold a special meeting of the council in Perth on Thurs day, June 11, to consider the bakers' dispute, and proceed with the revision of rules. . Subletting of Government Contracts. — ' W. Diver ' uses strong phrases in his writing to contradict statements in an article in The Morning Herald of the 4th inst. on this subject. The point on which he goes further than, bare denial is, to quote ' W. Diver's ' own words,' ' the statement made by the article that the deputation expressed the opinion that it was better for men who were coming here hard up to starve outright while others got what you term the Parliamentary wage,' and 'the assertion tbat an employe, who in his necessity accepted a lower wage than the imaginary scheduled rate, should be fined with his employer for the breach of a contract signed between the Government and the employer,, and of which the employe had no knowledge.' He sets out that, when the con tract has been sublet, and after re-sublet, the profits of the inter mediaries, not being derivable through the cost of material, are squeezed from men ' who, from no fault of their own, are compelled to work at almost any price, so as to obtain the necessaries for them selves and those depending on them.' This, says our correspon dent, is where the evilof subletting comes in. In conclusion, he remarks — 'la conservative old England Government contractors ire compelled to pay the* rates of wages, and observe the trade cus toms current in the district where the work is done.' A Melbourne Fatality. — James M'Carroll died at the Mel bourne Hospital on Monday from injuries sustained at the Yarraville sugarworks. D. G. Boucicault. — A meeting ?f representative public men was held m Sydney on Monday, when it was decided to present a testi monial to Mr. D. G. Boucicault before his departure from Sydney for Europe. Death of a Former Million aire. — Mr. W. P. Pattison, of Rockhampton, formerly a Mount Morgan, millionaire, died at Rock hampton on Monday from paralysis. He had been ailing for some time. Australian Natives' Associa tion. — At a meeting of the Perth branch No. 1 of the Australian Natives' Association, held last night, Messrs. Walter James, M.L.A., A. E. Blingworth, R. Sparrow, and W. A. Greenwood were elected as delegates of the branch to attend the annual con ference of the branches to be held next week. Result of a Quarrel. — Yes terday afternoon a man named William Reed, suffering from a broken leg, was admitted to the Government Hospital, Fremantle. Reed received a M-*k above the ankle from one of the participants in a quarreL Dr. White was called in to attend the man, and he found that one of the bones of the lower portion of the leg was broken. London Barristers. — Calls to the Bar continue to decrease (ob serves a London newspaper) . This term not more than 49 students have donned wig and gown. A few years ago it was customary for the number to be almost twice as huge. The Inner Temple heads the list with 21 ; the Middle Temple comes next with 16 ; Lincoln's Inn follows with nine ; and Grey's Inn brings up the rear with three. Helena Vale Municipality. — The extraordinary election to fill the vacancy caused by the resigna tion of Cr. Brown was held at the Government School-rpom on Saturday last. Two candidates, Messrs. William Gould and Charles Howell, contested the meant seat, and the former gentle man was elected by 13 votes. The polling was — Gould 30 votes, and Howell 17. Very little interest was taken in the election, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the returning-officer (Cr. Nornian). The Weather. — Monday's weather was an agreeable modifi cation of that of Sunday, the rain falling less frequently, and less heavily, while the afternoon was comparatively dry. A couple of heavy showers fell in Kalgoorlie on Sunday evening, and as on Monday morning the ground was slightly saturated the amount of water caught was great. Our Nannine correspondent telegraphed yester day evening : — The weather, which has been very close and sultry for some days, broke last night, and ?15 points of rain was recorded. It is now delightfully cool. Drane: the Toast with Poison. — An inquest was held at Chatham (Eng.) lately on Elizabeth Harvey, wife of a Royal Marine. There were some festivities going on at the house of Mrs. Harvey's landlady, and in the midst of the singing Mrs. Harvey left the room. She returned with an egg-cup in her hand, and, raising it to her lips, said, ' Here's luck,' and drank the contents, which proved to be car bolic acid. She died. It appeared that the deceased had separated from her husband, and some time ago she attempted to drown -herself at Harwich. The verdict was ' Death from misadventure.' Pawning the Wedding Gar ments. — At the Thames Police Court, London, recently, a well dressed woman asked Mr. Mead's advice on behalf of her sister. The latter had been engaged to be married to a gentleman, who had bought her a wedding dress and a cape. As the applicant's sister did not now care about fulfilling her promise, the giver wanted her to return the things. Was she bound to do so? Mr. Mead: ' Don't you think it is a mean act to keep them ? Why will she not give them back ? ' Applicant (hesitating): 'Well, you see, she has pawned them.' Mr. Mead: 'Then, she should ask him whether he will take the tickets. Whatever bis rights may be, I think she has acted meanly.' Mr. Balfour's Quickwitted ness. — Discussing Mr. A. J. Balfour's readiness and cleverness in taking up interruptions and answering unexpected questions, the Sheffield Telegraph's London correspondent has been told of several instances where be scored heavily during his election cam-, paign. In one case a question -was sent up to him which had been written on the margin of a poition of London Truth. Reading the question slowly, and then turn ing over to see what was on the back, Mr. Balfour found it was a question suggested by some thing in the paper, and that the bit torn off suggested to him material for a pretty retort. On another occasion he was interrupted in the middle of his speech by a disorderly radical, who bawled ' Let's have a song.' ' By all means,' replied Mr. Balfour ; ' let us have * Hearts of Oak. Whereupon he paused in his speech, and the meeting sang ' Hearts of Oak -: with tremendous enthusiasm. No more radicals de manded songs Strike of Miners. — Several of the surface hands employed at the White Feather Reward claim went out on strike this morning. The men applied for an increase of 10s. on Saturday last, which would bring their wages up to 70s., but the manager, Mr. Mar shall, declined to act on his own responsibility. He, however, communicated with headquarters, with the result that the company has refused to accede to the men's demand. The company will be considerably handicapped, as labor is very scarce in the district just now. The men's case seems to be a strong one. Accident on the Yaballa. — While the steamer Yatalla was lying alongside the Bunbury jetty taking in a cargo of sleepers on Saturday afternoon, Mr. Thomas Smith, the chief officer of the vessel, fell a distance of 16ft. from the deck into the hold. Mr. Smith was eo''mueh injured by the acci dent that he had to be taken to the Mandurah-road Private Hospital on the arrival of the Yaralla at Fremantle yesterday morning. Dr. Lotz, who was called in to attend the sufferer, found that there were fortunately no bones broken. Mr. Smith is, however, suffering severely from the shock, as well as several bruises, and it will be some time before he will be able to resume his duties! Charge of Robbery. — A man named M'Donald was charged on Monday at Kalgoorlie with the larceny from F. B. Corry of two silver watches, two gold and one silver chains and other jewellery, also £2 10s. Corry was staying at an hotel in Kalgoorlie, and before going to sleep placed the articles in question in his clothes under his head. At about 3 o'clock he awoke, and found the door of the room wide open. Upon getting up at about 7 o'clock he found his clothes still under his head, but the valuables had been stolen. A chamois leather bag, the property of Corry, was subsequently traced to M'Donald, who was staying at the same hotel. Later in tile day the missing articles, except the sovereigns, were found in the bedding in Cony's room. Twenty keys were found in McDonald's possession when he eras arrested. He was committed Eor trial. Cabmen's Association.— At a well- attended meeting of the cab proprietors and drivers of Perth, held at Jacoby's Hotel on Saturday Qight, it was decided to form an association for their mutual pro tection and benefit. Mr. J. Clark tras elected chairman, and Mr. H. Hatton secretary. The latter will receive applications from intending members. ,. WOEEENG OF THE TeLEGEAPHS. — The chief inspector of telegraphs (Mr. Snook) has issued the follow ing report regarding the working 3f the telegraphs for the 48 hours an-led at 9 a.m. yesterday : — ' The Eucla line has worked well 3ince Saturday and we are clear, fhe South Australian side worked well, but is not quite clear; they still have 400 words of press on hand. All other lines worked well, and are clear. All lines are working well this morning.' The Barcelona Outrage.— A brief cablegram tells of tile dis covery of two bombs at Barcelona, and it is believed that an attempt was to be made to destroy the cathedral This edifice, which stands in the highest part of the old town, is the most striking building in the city. Its origin dates from the first ages of Christianity, but its present form of Gothic architecture is said to belong to the end of the thirteenth century. Provisional Transfer of Licence. — In the Fremantle Police Court yesterday, Mr. R. Fairbairn, R.M., granted the provisional transfer of the licence of the Pearlers' Arms Hotel, Fremantle, from John Bevsford to Michael Mulcahy. The magistrate informed the applicant that, as he was a single man, there was very little chance of his obtaining the full licence of the hotel from the licensing bench. The British Premier. — A story is being circulated in the London clubs that Lord Salisbury is dying, that the form of Bright's disease which has threatened him for years was only arrested, not cured, that he constantly drops off to sleep in the day time, and so on. This, no doubt, is the same story as that which was put about by the Labouchere and T. P. O'Connor clique in 1889. The Official Re cetvee. — Mr H. Wainscot, the official receiver, has returned from his visit to the eastern colonies. He has been much benefited by the change. Mr. Wainscot resumed his official duties yesterday. \ A Ghost in Trouble. — The funny story of the week comes from Adelaide: — ?? On the night of May 6 Thomas Meddal was on bis way home when he noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wesleyan Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, ' Thomas Meddal, I claim you.' He answered, 'Take me, then,' and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost 'closed' with him, and in the scuffle the sheet was disarranged, and Meddal identified a man named Rudd. Mr. Rudd had to pay £4 5 p. for his joke at the police court. Were all ' ghosts ' dealt with in this fashion there! would be fewer seen.' 