CHAPTER Iir. ' There is a voice on laud, on tea, Heard on the liilla, heard on the lea, Echoing in sky, echoing in tree : ' • *■ " Glory! Doaiannah!' Into the froety eliy, glittering with j etnre, rote I he tweet'" girl" Tofcee 'ioil' the deeper basa of' men tinging the carol, at they, a party of about aix, came down the country road from the old Norman turreted church, which, on tlrivtbeeveofChrretmai-ere, they had juit finished decorating. At the gates of Moaa Side Grange they halted. 'ftit really a thame, Kate!' px-_ claimed one. 'Ton break up our party—you might come on with 'Oh, do, do, do !'■ echoed other ' Many thanka; but I cannot really,' replied Kale. '■ This week, you know, ia a aad anniversary, I would not leave the squire of art evening.' . ,, ' Ah, we forget. Do" yon ever hear ofAlida? He# ia shef Jatt'u happy ae iahe can be,*, tre^ joined Kate,' with one trouble only— grandpapa's anger.' ' Then the fellow,' put in a male voice, * was not such a bad lot after all?' * What he was I cannot tell—what he is, according to Alida, ia perfection. But good bight. {fnust really go.' ' I<et u> eee you to the turn in tho avenue.* So they passed through the gates under the outstretched arms of the beeches. Suddenly, with a little cry, one of tho girls exclaimed, catching her neighbour's arm . ' What was that ?' ' What ?' wbb the qu<Ty. 'Something all dark darted fwm those tree-trunks to yonder bushes,' ' What was it like?' ' Oh, something huge—of no certain form.' A. ghost! laughed one. < Miss Trevor, Maggie la going to start a Grange ghost.' ' You may laugh, Dlok, but I do believe it sraa not human. It glided over the enow and—• 'Wasgone,' smiled Kate, 'as I must be. Mo, please, not a step farther. I em not startled by Mag. gle'a ghost really. Good 'night—a merry yule to all. Tbey returned her greeting, then retraoed their atepa down the avenue, As Kate proceeded toyards the house ebe beard their voices again taking up the carol. Sinoe Alida had gone, Squire Cony bears had invited Kate Trevor, his etep- grandchild to reside at the Grange; but she knew she did not hold the plaoa in his heart AUda hail done, and that this would be a pain ful anniversary to him, though he kept it secret. * I wonder if he will ever forgive?' she pondered, than stopped abruptly, and leaned forward. Along the terrace' had seemed suddenly to glide and' disappear a dark ' figure. Was it a figure ? Was. it Maggie's ghost again f Whether one or the other, it vani shed, if it had really beenjahdTCute hastened on, soon herself reaching the terrace cleanly swept that after noon of all eoow. Passing the library windows, she peeped in. The bright holly- wreaths shone in the firelight gleaming lika armour i against the dark oak panel?.,. By the grate eat the squlae, his: book open «u his knee, his eyes fired on the leaping flame. ' ' Twould wager he is thinking of Alida?',. refleoted the girl, ' What isadness marks hie features; and he pretends he does not care.' At that instant the old man*moved' and Kate went quickly away. ' ' Entering the house, she ascended to her own apartment, crdsalng It to the, dressing-room, Itatsing the por/iere, she stood transfixed. Seated by the fire, its bodk tofrarde her, and bending towards.'the hlaro,' was the muffled figuresba bad -seen; gliding along the terrace. There was no other light save that given by the glowing coals, which made a huge shadow of Kate's un expected gneet on the oeiling, A epaoe tberawas stillnase. than the figure, breathing a low sigh, portly raised itself, disclosing ,n< smjall; gr&oefnl; bead. With a cry of as tonishment, Kate movodiforward. ' 'AHda !'she ejacnlated. , . The figure eprang ereot, the. heavy olo&k; fell from her cboutdare, reveal ing there in the full gleam, of the firelightithe young wife, her «no^ sweet, bonnie faoe pate, worn with grief and care. ' Kate V she exolaiined,tremnlouelyi extending ' her arms. «Oh! .yes, I have come ;do hot you look: coldly —do not drive me hence—the only, roof 1 have to cover my boyundene 1 Plead—plead for me to grandpapa.' : A .moment'of stunned bewilder meat, then Kate was holding tha weeping girl In her arms. ' I drive you henoe, Alida!' she ax. claimed, ' that does no} rest with me. Thja roof js not mlae: But I am overwhelmed. What'do'your words—what does your presence here mean P These tears—you wbo were so happyf 'Happy !'repeated the wife, with poignant bitterness, as ebe eanfe down again upon the chair ' I am the most miserable being on the earth thisuight 1' * But your husband—Lester Ore Tills f 1 Is unworthy the love I gave him Grandpapa spohe truth, Kate.} he is a bad, ornsl - cruel mean!' The pretty Mad dropp»d on the small hMda, and Alida sobbed hysterically. Kat«, drawing a seat opposite, eat down, too appalled for the moment to speak, then: \- ' This is terrible 1' she murmured. • How have you /discovered it f What, dear, has he donef' 'How shall I tell you?' replied Aija». ' "Where e»n I commence?-. Mr heed swim*. Oh'l Knta-Kats, we were eo -»o happy 11 believed »o __soin hie lore, until the*, awful, yesterday night. when the women CMOS. • What women, MHa? •Hie wife!' «His wife!' almost screamed Kate. • "See, his first love -hie first wife. Oh! think of that, Kate!' ' 'It cannot he.' • So I said, bat it is. true. I em . are that poor wretched woman did not speak falsely. Yon .hell beat all, then yon can judge.' At this instant there was a faint j cry. ■ • ' « What is that? asked Kate. •My darling—my child, Kate. Ob! Imagine'—wringing her hands—' pay • boy, who i» wortethan fatherless t Going to the couch, she soothed the infant again to sleep, then rer turned. Shewae calmer wow, and at ones began a recital of what had °°^My Jror^-pcor A-Udet' murmured Kftte. ' ' 4 • Aht indeed you pitied me did you know my thoughte u l set watching her sleeping. She was the barrier between me and Lester. Her life wae the bar to his righting me and my child 51 and the contents of the phial does by, my banci aha had told me would produce eternal sleep-' < Merciful Heaven 1 Oh! no—no, AUda,' • Hush—Ueten. I was half mad, wholly diatmcted 5 1 had no power over my will at that moment, Kate; only the woman, the phial, and the fearful temptation, were before me.i I don't know how it all came about.! I think for the moment I was mad 11 but I suddenly seemed to awake as; o somnambulist might, and found "myself standing by the table, my band extended" towards the. pblal. 6h, the fearful, horror of that sw m'entl I turned, I rushed from' the room, up to my own, hastily dressed myself and my darling, and fled— fled from Meadpwbnnk, heedless, of .thedriftaand the:sppw-Aed from: the awful temptation.' ■ • Yob were toad," AUda,'said Kate, tenderiy. ' It was in ugly dream. But oh 1 to think of this man eo base, Hie terrible.' « Mow than once, Kata, but for my child I could have prayed Heaven to .end ma death. How can I live-, bow look the world in the face ^Tho fahlt is wot yours, Alida. But yhht is now to bs done?' end Kate Trevor, thoughtful, perplexed, j looked at the glowing coal a. « That it it/ shuddered the younfe Wife, cowering nearer fheheat bb if oold.yVlnmyjmker^j my dletraotion I knew not where to go bat here. Sail, grandpepe.*—end eagerly ehe eyedher oonein—will hedrive me faehceV Kate—door Kate—doee he never apeak one kind word of me ?' "He never, Alida, eo muoh as mentions your name/ replied the other, «haking her head ; < still/that may he no hadajgn, - lam convinced: he:thinks!of ydn—I-tmenre he does to-night.* *,The event thaton wbioh I quitted: the Grange/, murmured theyoung wife, then ehe rose up. 'Kate, Ijam bomelese, bat i dknnbt aleep beneath this roof without grandpapa's per mission. . Will you—do you mind thliihgddinl.ain^iere P* — : ^ 8ffy^Jlet me tiink,* replied her couola, ,«jrhp, ft>r a time! waa ■ silent, then ehe aaid: * Alida, you mnat hot be'drlven forth; ■ Can younbt'appear betore the squire in a manner' that he. will pkidoti'T-pardot) > perhaps, he. fore he ia -aware ? Let hie heart apeak before his lipe. 1 HptrV—dear Kate, tell me how?" For alinie'they consulted, then, . rbothfcr aroet, ad ga&aied-; JrM oloak/ the hdb'd thrownback, heedleaa of the "loose I tresses of oer hair ; then, her child, I which fortunately slept, in ber arms, •he passed oat into the corridor. (To be Continued) 