BY THE WAYSIDE. , (Br Viator.) Once more the long suffering much taxed citizen is asked for ila small donation towards a good object. Thistimc it is, not the deserving widow with seven child- Jen, nor the children's ward in the suburban hospital ; but a home for stray dogs. It is pro posed by some, no doubt, well meaning members of the fair sex, to run a home for all dogs that can't give an account of themselves, or that have no visible means of support. Up to tho present time we had always thought that there was a dog homo or coffin (call it what you will) in Belmoro Park. Here it was thnt ill the stray curs about the city were incarcerated, say for a day, and if no owner turned up to claim them they wero promptly knocked on tho head. This, 'it seems, is far too harsh a method. Tho ladies don't liko to think that pool- Fido, who was missing a day or two ago, has been brained along with a lot of common, unedjtcated dogs. Or perhaps good dog Tray, who always followed the childrcu to and from school, and howled bnlefully at the moon till ho exhausted all the neighbours' boots and shaving brushes, has gone tho way of all dogs. This, of course, is too much for tho. ladies to stand. Now we are to havo a home for dogs, run on tho most improved lines. There will doubt less bo dormatories for tho commoner sort, while the dogs whose collars denote that they belong to Mrs. Brown do Joucs, of Potts Point, will be housed in private rooms, while a polite noto will lie despatclied to their owners, to say that Fido is safe, and that his bill for board aud lodging is running up. For those poor wretchos whose owners are loo hoartloss to carc for them, or too poor to pay their board, death will be tho portion. But mark you, not the common, vulgar sort of death we poor humans havo to suffer, but II a liiee, comfortable ouo. They are put into a warm room, aud carbonic acid gas is turned in on them. All they do is to curl up on the floor, give I a gasp, and give up the ghost. There will bo a regular stampede of Jtlogs to the homo. It will offer to tho hungry, lean brutes, who infest the city, the attractions of a palace to live in, and an easy death thrown in. It will simply bo beseiged by them day and night. Meanwhile, when the dogs aro living sumptuously and dying easily in the home, won't tho cats bo having a tine. Poor, long suffering humanity ! This will bo about the last straw. The new woman, tho Land and Income Tax, the bicycle craze, the Chain-letter, aud now a plague of cats ! cats ! cats ! cats ! every where and not a dog in the colony to keep tliom down. Every animal is meant to keep down some weaker kind, so wo arc told. Doctors and microbes keep down man, man keeps down dogs among other things, dogs keep down cats, and if thcro arc no dogs wo had better throw up the snonec at once, for cats afo allpowerful. Hon the poor householder docs wish for tho time when the doggies cease from barking and pussies aro 110 more. That day alas will never come. News of a startling nature comes from Victoria. It appears that a train, laden with some 300 per sons, and running at tho rate of 40 miles an hour, came near to destruction in 0110 act. Ou passing a certain spot the driver felt tho train pass over an obstruction, He reported this at the next station, and a couple of men were sent to investi gate. They found some wood and wire, together witli a chain, lying close by tho rails. As usual tho police were communicated with, aud some members of the Victorian civil force with a black trackor, made for the scene of action. After a long nnd difficult search for clues they found that the railway fenco had been cut away with a saw, probably a hand saw. But what had. it been cut away for ? The worthy polioemeu were at a loss hero till somoouo suggested that the timber had been used in tho endeavour to wreck the train. After mature deliberation the police came to the conclusion that this was tho solution of the mys- tery. They were then hot on tho scent, and started off along tho Sydney Road after some footprints seen by tho tracker. Away went the bravo coppers, only to come to another full stop. The tracks diverged, some went one way and some another. As one man clearly cannot walk in two different directions at the same time, the police camo to tho conclusion that there was more than one miscreant to discover. At this point thoy took plaster casts of tho footprints, with a view no doubt of exhibiting them as specimens of the criminal " Trilby," We would warn all men in thai locality not to wear the same boots which they woi-o on the day of the attempted outrage, as they are liable to be run in on the strength of tho likeness or their dainty feet to tho casts. We are told that 110 arrests have been mado yet, but doubtless the police have their suspicions. OE course they are very reticent. They always arc when they don't know anything. Surely there is a screw loose somewhere in the polico adminis tration of Victoria. It is a fearful crime to hurl 300 people slap into destruction, all because tho perpetrator of tho attempted outrago had some difference with one of the railroad officials. For this seems to bo the cause of the off'cnccd. Yet all the polico can do is to make plaster casts of some footprints, which might bo anyone's, aud hold their tongues. 'I I ie fact thai, the present Railway Ter- mipus at Redferji is situated too far from tho city is every day being brought nearer to us. Considering tiie groat luun- bor of suburban residents who have offices in town, apart from tho rest of the travolline nuhlie. it is (juito timo that something was dono to bring tho Railway Torminus near their places of business. Among other sites, it lias been proposed to turn part of Hyde Park into a largo railway yard, and this is a proposition which wo arc sure will bo lmilod with delight by a large majority of city aud .suburban residents. What is now merely the rest ing plaeo of drunks and unemployed, might well bo turned into the busiest railway centre in the col onies, nnd one capable of accomodating some 1500 trains daily. As it is proposed to erect offices for the whole of tho railway staff instead of having tliom scattered about in different places, wo may oxpept a splendid edifice to bo built. Tims it will be seen 'that tho beauty of the spot will not bo spoiled, but 011 the othor hand will bo increased. As only some ton acres aro to ho taken up, the re mainder, amounting to about 30, will be left un touched, and tho loafors and larrikins will havo undisputed sway over that part as thoy did formerly over tho whole. To have a complete railway system wo should have the railways connected dir ectly with Circular Quay ; but this unfortunately, owing to the way in which the city is laid orb is impracticable. Wo must thoieforo be content with tlio Darling Harbour line. A good many citizens it is true objuct to the idea of tho site of tho old oonvi.ct barracks, now known as Hyde Park, being, as thoy call it spoiled by a network of railways; hut it should bo remombarod that it is only tq be taken up in the interests of public convonioneo, Of bourse the public as owners of the park should decide what is to ho done with it; but surely tho ecntrality of the site will appeal to everyone. Every tram lino in (the city will bo within stone-throw of the station.For an extra penny people will be able to travel fight into the very heart of tho metropolis without ' the delay and inconvenience involved by changing into a tram as by the system nuw in vogue. It is absurd to suppose .that tho present state of affairs with- the terminus at Redforn can go on much longer with the ever increasing business of Sydiley and the colonji generally. For the new site required ' Hyde Park is tho place without a doqbt, " We'll Back you Every Time." A flush of pride suffused the faco of tho young jockey as he read the telegram. " Let us know each race you start in.Jand we'll back you every time." ' The message came from his old-time comrades in fnr away Yorkshire. They knew he rode square — rodo to win — and their telegram was ii testimonial to his integrity and worth. Hundreds and thousands of testimonials to tho worth of Holloway's Pills and Ointment as family medi cines aro in our possession. Many a poor sufferer haB been restored to health by these world-famed remedies, and has gratefulljr written to tell us so. Human friends come and go, but these medicines— the friends ot mankind —are always with us in the hour of need, 