Notes on News -. U . ? TBY RADICAL! . LOOKING down the list of those who attended the Government House Ball the other night, one was pleased to see this : " Sir Henry and Lady Parkes." The first Lady Parkes never attended these fashionable gatherings; the second, somehow, hadn't the chance; but the third, being still young, no doubt sees no reason why she should not shine among other £air ones-and no doubt she was invited or she wouldn't have been there. One daily paper ventures to describe the lady's dress thus : " Lady Parkes wore pink silk with satin and lace." That was some thing; further it did not go-though had she been the daughter of somebody who had made a " pile" out of hides and tallow, or out of ' tangle," probably we should have heard more-in what set she danced, and who her partner was. The other dailies simply stated the fact that the old knight and his lady were there, but to describe the lady's costume would have been too utterly utter, as they used to say in the early aesthetic days of the " late" Oscar Wilde. " Late" Oscar Wilde may appear strange; but to the world Oscar is dead as Julius Caesar ; but the Oscar of former days, sweet poet and versifier, epigramatist and play writer, still lives in our memories ; in fact, his playe just now seem to have taken a fresh hold upon the publie migd. And too wonder ! for they are much above the average in merit, while his verses are ex quisitely beautiful. It 'is indeed hard to recognise the one man in the other, and therefore it is just as well to consider the baser animal as dead, and let the poet live,, which he undoubtedly will, just as Byron lived in spite of Mrs Harriet Beecher Stowe and Lady Byron's sympathisers. Many in Byron's day, and even since, believed him to be a monster, especially as black as Wilde, yet his poems are read and quoted by all sorts of people, and probably will be until the end of time. Byron, Shelley, and Poe were all three very " naughty men" in the eyes of lots of well meaning people, and may be are so to-day, though prejudices wear out. Even Dickens was esteemed a very dangerous and wicked person, because he flouted the ways of the orthodox; yet no truer Christian ever breathed. Judged by ordinary standards, our best of men have had but small chance of reaching heaven; but judged liberally, and in the light of reason, they come out atop. Thus, both Swinburne and Rudyard Kipling are "positively shocking," and pale before a rhyming flunkey of the Austin brand; while Emerson, honest Thomas Carlyle, Burns, and Fielding are variously condemned as ribald, revolution ary, immoral. Let us rather judge men, especially literary men, by their works than by their peccadilloes. It is difficult to view the man as a monster who wrote this: Sun of the sleepless ! melancholy star ! Whose tearful beam glows tremulously far, That show'st the darkness thou canst not dispel, How like art thou to joy remembered well! So gleams the past, the light of other days, Which shines, but warms not with its powerless rays ; A night-beam Sorrow watcheth to behold, Distinct, but distant-clear-but, oh, how cold ! Yet Byron wrote reams of such verse, and some of it still moves exquisite. So, also, Shelley, " the Atheist"—as he has been im piously called—wrote as none ever wrote. What more beautiful than " The Cloud" ? I am the daughter of the earth and water, And the nursling of the sky ; I pass through the pores of the ocean and shores, I change, but I cannot die. For after the rain, when, with never a stain, The pavilion of heaven is bare, And the winds and sunbeams, with their convex gleams, Build up the blue dome of air, I silently laugh at my own cenotaph, And out of the caverns of rain, Like a child from the womb, like a ghost from the tomb, I rise uphold it again. Then Poe, " the reckless," " the drunk ard," and "what-not, sings as but few men have sung; he was, like Shelley, the poet of the beautiful, yet his ALTER EGO was— well, not an attractive animal; yet he wrote " Annabel Lee" : For the moon never beams without bringing me dreams Of the beautiful Annabel Lee; And the stars never rise, but I feel the bright eyes Of the beautiful Annabel Lee. And so all the night-tide, I lie down by the side Of my darling-my darling-my life and my bride, In her sepulchre there by the sea, In her tomb by the sounding sea. And this :— The lady sleeps! O, may her sleep, Which is enduring, so be deep ! Heaven have her in its sacred keep ! This chamber changed for one more holy, This bed for one more melancholy; I pray to God that she may lie For ever with unopened eye, While the sansheeted ghosts go by. And the other day among some poetic gem stowed away, it came across this spirit' ed rebuke on the sale by auction of Keats' love letters, writen by the man who is now languishing in gaol, condemned both by law and public opinion as a monster : These are the letters which Endymion wrote, To one he loved in secret and apart. And now the brawlers of the auction mfcrt Bargain and bid for each poor blotted note- Ay ! for each separate pulse of passion quote The merchant's price. I think they love not art Who breaks the crystal of a poet's art, That small and sickly eyes may gloat. Is it not said that many years ago, ' In a far eastern town some soldiers ran With torches through the midnight, and began To wrangle for mean rainment, and to throw Dice for the garments ot a wretched man, Not knowing the God's wonder or His woe. The " Elector" deals trenchantly with the suger growing spongers in a recent issue. The gist of its argument is that while people are growling at the small ex penditure ot £7000 on the Pitt Town Labour Settlement, they have been paying away thousands of pounds yearly, for quite a number of yea*s to sugar planters and others in the sugar business. This is true. If it is so great a wrong to coddle a few moneyless, landless, unemployed unfor tunates, it is surely wrong to spoon feed year after year, not only small landowners, but a wealthy company that has a monopoly of the sugar business, but who seems to thrive pretty well upon it-for the company's dividends amount to over 10 per cent per share. Happily the Premier has eyes about him, and he is taking mental notes of the rich soil and the abundance every where he goes in those sugar growing parts. It is always the way; if the homeless and starving get a little assistance from the State we never hear the end of it, while wealthy companies and individuals may be, and are, protected, and banks may be helped over the stile by special legislation, and it is considered simply a matter of course. And it applies to many things. Penny postagr for instance. Tbe carry ing of mails, newspapers, etc, involves a loss of £70,000 a year to the State, and therefore P.M.G. Cook cannot see his way clear to give the people of the colony a penny postage within the colony's bound aries. Yet the merchants and other per sons who do business with Great Britain, get their correspondence conveyed for 2£d per half ounce while the public generally pay 2d for a letter carried beyond a radius of fifteen miles, though where the boon has not been granted, as in this district, people pay four-fifths tbe postage that is charged to convey a letter 14,000 miles, for a matter of two or three miles only. Surely something is wrong here f Why should the Post Office lose £70,000 annually to suit the convenience of a number of per sons, and compel the rest of us to pay through the nose for a very much smaller service ? If a fourpenny postage was charged to Great Britain, then the people of the colony, who are not importers, mer chants, &c;, should be able ft ft Ittyet anywhere within their own territory for Id. No doubt Mr. Cook sees tjbe manifest un fairness of the thing, but. Jikving been es tablished it would be difficult to ohange it. . And then there is the irrepressible adver tising shark; not satisfied with the big heap of concessions he has, he wants to use the postage stamps of the aqlpny as an advertising medium, which Mr Cook doesn't favour-mo)$ power *to Mm. Also, bis determination to relieve -'thto public of thbse, abominable eidresdences Wbfich the ' Jaynil "one* to bs stuck up player the city-ike advertising postal pillars-which were to have been made both useful 4na .ornamental, besides being letter jqoeiv^i but which they never have been,for they are rarely illuminated at. night, while ib the daytime they are disreputable for wtoit ^ , ,, r- ;r A party o^^enameo' Walsh, a Jajr Pay no (ess; idittuch incefHted at the Land aed rjbioonje Tax Act, -and is inyiting bQr, operationirom all andfiwidry by jeefiditifr letters to the newspapers of the colon^ those - mahitig uhd&r; Protectionist "«61qt*, of c6Urse. Mr. Wklsh seemfc 'determine!, to wipe the . derped thing oiiV 6Texisteno6, with a view, "Ob taxing something or 0&& |i^|wes sdth itif rbusineBs. Noftfrth iiaca! IfforsuasidnB arb bpcjjirafc jajTlne 4ew^, JMtxeS f fcu^, before .ondet^ning thfeta it tyoula- be ffcr mi>^ sensible; and feir, to give them a trial. Aju income derived from honest work, no' mat ter what tools a man uses, or what olotfyes he wears, should not be taxed, but land should; and so also jshould some incomes, particularly those derived from .usury. There are many things which might very fairly be taxed, and which are taxed in Great Britain. As a matter of fact, the wealthy in the old country have to con tribute to the revenue in many ways which the same class here escape. Marvellous Smellbourne is up in arms beoaupe Admiral Bridges would not order the warship Endymion round to Port Phillip, and the .' Agq" talks quite big and boast fully thereanent. The Admiral made out his case very well, though the " Age" scores When it claims that the Auxiliary Squadron should be kept always in Aus tralian waters. But the Admiral should be the best judge of how the ships for which he is responsible should be located. No doubt jealousy is at the bottom of the complaint; but grumble as they may, Melbourne can never be the head-quarters of the fleet, and Admiral Bridges says so straight out. " Port Jackson," he Bays, "is unsurpassed." But he adds that there were other reasons, which he declined to make known, only to the prtffer authorities -and what those reasons are we can only guess, though we may be sure the stink of Smellbourne's cloucine ditch has something to do with it, for the health of the British Jack tar is of primary importance; and besides this there is the navigation, which is none of the best. Anyway, it is pleasing to know that the Admiral in charge could not be led into a departure from duty, not even by a Governor-and it is on the cards that Lord Brassey put the question. Can it be our Sydney " Nemo" who is contributing 6hort stories to Queensland ultra-democratic newspapers under the name of " Rowland Ferres Pickering" ? -that being " Nemo's" baptismal name. It is possible, though one would hardly have thought it, seeing that he is not in the democratic-socialist-labour line, and more over, still holds his old position on the Hunter-street thunderer; besides which, Rowley is some pumpkins now, for he is independent of his pen, an<J keeps a private secretary, bless you. Anyhow, Rowley has written a lot of what may be considered good stuff in his day-good from a sporting man's point of view-and his yarns are fairly good reading. But what bothers one is the same oyer anything in the " Eagle," "with Joe LesinAaseditofc. that, it would not be very surjmBini; If find Dr. *Garran contributing to the Ak Woe* ker,' or AldBrtnan Dave DaviSto tbl .' Socialist." . : " . * Aldein&an; IVts, SyfloeyV v***iiiiUHiwl» istic $fa^or, objects intoto fo-6hwa^slfiil being given up to supb, eleotrie ir&jns.; . Private. % firdt with- him-and ifthcragh' $6. 4ii§{ Ml made himself acquainted ;<#wh pilta hlsfbofc Mtik. &~ brother a1tte^;®ei *tth snprtg at Fegati democratic, cosily, ex-lg^rjUenm tions Mm pfcetty sharply. -fa'.ffc gard lor the city railroad, We %ii&U; otrnffsANo, m 'XHd^yJ; trtnflemti thafiifeo. ;-j&fc;'"1^4 ti pUttinghaieS'thti * " into the an imp&vetaerit; on a rsilw^y would uty "" coutittypeople, nocbBafeihgtt]tK6d(*ti 't& Slfeofcnc trcLt^i br invaluftiitle to ^raBci: qdi&titrtj; thktr it wcrttw utoik ffie start," and ,i jWfiibte, : 4f to ^an bd^ftd ht lMt either, aB ages fib he played for Victoria, ha'J as for many a crowd of crwkdiHig giapt#, him playing with Gt Nat. Thompson, Sheridan; Lawrence, Gilbert, the tbre#1 Ned, Dare and Charley, Cokfcei, lhfc Mtm Gordons, and some others lostro 4w»mory. That was a famous single-fribMft tfiitebhe. Wills, and Caffyn played agiinfet Thoiflbson, Lawrence and, I think, ©a^SG*egOTy Victoria winning by Some ft# .. rifely/ Sam played in all the earlier intdrcbloztis! thatches and the trio, Wills, Oaffyn and Coirtibh were no doubt the don pUyeirs of Austrsll*. And yet how Soon men of the present gtnsittion forget the " good" men of the pssit, itidd it would seem that the averigi Australian sportsman lives but for to-dfcjr Ottly. fflnjf are certainly not troubled with tttfch SSnti ment, or old Sam Costich would tidt soioon have been forgotten. Aanother rush to Wesfcralia. Thss.i. Gintra left on Wednesday night with eirery available berth taken up-and among>th« passengers wer& some from WindscHN-Maound to the land of promise-while in tthe steer> age were a lot of sun-dried, ttfrylooking chaps intent on "slugs" andreefe,nodonbt. Yet, there is really nothing to rush there for. The yield of gold, thus far, hat been small, while the capital subscribed is just enormous - amounting to £80,000,000 or more. And yet the average yield per ton of quartz has not been much above an ounoe of gold, while our own average has been 1 oz 7dwt 1 grn per ton for the whole colony, the average for the Bathurst district as high as 4 oz 15 dwts 17 grns per ton. Given £1,000,000 of the £30,000,000'Sub scribed capital in Westralian gold mines, to prospect auriferous lands in New South Wales, and the result would astonish not a few. The gold is here and much of it easily got, if the land were not locked up, but the development is left to the man whose sole capital is his pick and shovel, blanket and tent, and a strong pair of arms. Assistance +o such men would mean an in* crease of weath to the whole colony, foe many people participate in the winnings of the individual gold-miner. Gold-mining here can be carried on under much easier conditions; the climate is better, water is not near so scarce and the auriferous areas are within hail of the metropolis. And yet the State hesitates, and quite a number of persons in the community decry gold-min* ins because, forsooth, it up^UJes Wk»W mwket. 