SERMON FOR SUNDAY Wreolted, But Not Reckless. By IjAtk Rkv. O. I-I. SrtinanoN; All hope that wo BbauUl he saved wns then taken awny.— Aots xxvii. 20. Horo was a caso of extreme peril, in which there seemed to hp no possibility whatever of any of tlio lives of nearly tlireo hundred persons being preserved. In this emergency tlio apostle Paul resorted to prayer. Wo may avail ourselves of this privllcgo lit tho worst pinch. Whon things are so black tliut tliey cannot bo any darker, wo intiy still pray. God in good nt. a dead lift. Our extremities, us wo woll know, uro always His opportuni ties. Whon wo can do nothing to.hclp our selves, lot us pray, and. wo, can j got help from God in everything. " 1\. Sometimes, when wo liavo board anitm Jay that nil hope that ho shall be saved has beon taken away, wo liavo rejoiced to hear him any so. Doch tliut iippeur to ho ti ortiol statcmout? It is not mount to be so. Let mo explain, and lltcn I liopo you ivill understand it. Multitudes of peraons are sailing in what they think to bo tlio good ship of soif- righteousucss ; thoy uro expecting that thoy sliuil get to heaven iu licr. But she never did carry u soul safely into tlio fair haven yot, end she never will. Self-rlgliteousiiess is ns rapid it read to ruin as outward sin itself; Now, it will happen sometimes that when Gpd is dealing with a sclf- riglitcous person who is delighting himself with the though! tlint ho is all right, tliut hp is ziot n great siiincr, that he is u religious person, that ho takes the sacraments, that he says'his prayers, that he is ns good ns most people,' perhaps rather better, nnd thut if he dues not go to honvon ho wonders who will — I say it will sometimes happen to such a mun that a storm will eomo, perhaps oti a sudden, just us tho tempest did to Paul's vessel, und twist him round, and make his gallant vossel in the storm'tb ho like a thing that has lost its mind, and will not obey tlio rudder, and cannot be quitted and controlled. . Oh, wo have soon . tltein somotimos when they havo. , woke up on a suddgii, und suid, " I never knew this ; I could not liavo believed it I I fir.d myself to bo„ a Binful creature, lost and undone, and up to this moment I reuiiy thought I was ns right as eould ho, and almost fit for houvon, und quite sure of it." A terriblo awakoniug it lias been to somo. And whon the hurricane has blown tliom out to sea, und thoy lmvo found that thoro is 110 defence for a soul iu all tho rites and rituuls, tho ordinances and observances of tlio cliurclioB ; thut oven tlio rites which God orduins for a testimony havo no atoning eificuoy ; that only tho precious blood cull clcunso liwuy sin, und oven that must be upplicd through the Holy Ghost by fuith to givo tho conseionco peace ; — alas ! Eoor souls, their hope of being saved has ecome mora slender than before. But tliey will take to undergirding the ship, like these sailors did ; thoy passed hawsers right round tho vossol. So pcoplo try to gird their self- righteousness togotlier ; pray more, read tho Jiiblo more, go to a pluco of wor ship oftonor — by any melius thoy will try to keep togotlier tho timbers tliut tho storm lind begun to loosen. " Oh, yos," tlioy crj, "wo oiitmot boast any longer ; wo must confess we uro sitinors ; wo acknowledge we liuvo transgressed in some vcspcatH ; but, Lord, accept one confessions ; receive them, and in Tliino infinite mercy put away out sin, because wo have confessed it, booauso wo liavo repented of it." Thoy linvo given up a goud deal, but tboy still cling to tho old ship us long as thoy oiui. Slio must go to pieces, or you cannot get them out of nor ; so tlio Lord sends tlio wiml, and the storm again breaks over them, givos them no rest or respite ; ovory timber creaks, and tho old crazy thing is ready to go to pieces. Thoy go to the Word of 'God for uomtert, but, like tlio mariners in Paul's story, tboy got no food ; thoy cannot find anything that can stay tlioir souls, for thero uro no promises in God's Word for pooplo tliut aro self- righteous. It is an awful condition to bo in, in somo rospcots ; it is a most blessed one iu others. Mark this, dear hearers, I desire nothing for you utieonvortcd persons so muoh as to seo you thoroughly convinced that there is nothing that you can do which oau savo you ; that thero is no morit whatovor in any thing that you enn do or feel ; that you uro lost, utterly nnd helplessly lost, apart from tho interposition of Christ ; that He can save you, but tlmt you cannot savo yonrsolvcB, nor help Him to save yon. Ho must' he alone your saviour. 2\. Bnt we bavo heard this self-sumo state ment at other times, when wo havo greatly doploredit: " All hope that wo should lio Havoil was taken away from us." I liavo heard some sueli lamentation hs this from men who hud no self-righteousness, but who bad fallen into despair. Thoy liud poriiups committed some very gross act of sin. Perhaps thoy liud beon guilty of stifling conseionco, or possibly tlioy liad grown cureless whilo bear ing tho Word, nnd tlioy liad gradually wrought tliomselvos into the boliof that tlioy must be lost. I meet with many — not so very many, but still with many — whoso prevalent thought with regard to religion is, "All hope that I shall over.be savod is tukou away from ino I" My dear friend, uro you horo to night? I should liko to tako you by tho hand and speak vory familiarly with you, for I am very, very sorry to hoar you talk so. Nay, do not say, "Theroisnohojio," for, possibly — and this would lio almost as bud — if you say, "Thoro is no hope," you will keep on coming out of oustom, hut you won't listen with any attention, bccauso you will feel, " It is no good." I hoard of a boy who loaned forward to catob ovory word of the preacher ; and his mother said to him, '.'William, whut makes you so very atten tive?" "Because," said the hoy, "oiu minister said thut if thoro was a sentence in the sermon that was likely to do us good, Satan would try so thut wo slfould not hear it, and therefore I want to hoar all that is said, in the hope thut God may bloss mo." 3\. I pnss on to tlio Inst pliaHO of this ory. At times I liavo heard tho oxnliimation, " All liopo tliut wo should bo saved is taken away," when I havo sympathised in it — sympathised with thoso who uttered it, be- oauso not once, nor twioo, but many a timo, liavo I felt tlio sumo. Children of God do not always find it smooth sailing. Evon in tho good bark of Christ oruoified there are storms. Christ muy bo in tho vossol, hut Ho may be nsioop, and tho ship may bo tossed with tho tempest. I shall desoriho with groat brevity what I believe to bo with somo Christians a frequent experience. Tito light of God's countenance is taken away from ns. Wo woro sitting yesterday at the bunquot of wine with Christ, with His bannor of lovo waving over us, and now to-duy wo ory, "Ho hath brought ine, into darkness, not into light! He lmtli' turned against mo His fiorco anger! Oh that I know where I might find Him, that I might como ovon to His feet, for truly Ho is turned against mo, and He smites mo with a heavy hand!" At suclrscnsonB it will hnp- pou tlmt our graces will rof uso to not. Liko somo flowers that shut up tjieir cups when tho sun is gono, so will our love' arid our faith shut themselves up. Thoy are ro- flootors ; whon thoro is no light without tlioy cannot rofleot any within. I have known what it is to search my heart through nnd through without being able to discover any spurk of lovo to Jostis Christ in it ; ay, unil to bring my soul to tho closest invostigutiou, with diligont inquiry asking, "Is this faith, qr is it presumption ?" Is it really trusting in Ohrist, or is it all u fond porsunsion of my own— an unwarranted confidence, u falso security ? At such times you may rest assured that tho devil will cast in suggestions to torment us, .Heris an old .ooward ; die always strikes the saints . when . they uro down. Poradvonturo, at thiit very- ininuto wo are assailed with somo temporal troublo, and when spiritual troublo and temporal trouble eomo together and two seaB meot- - ah, it is hard for tlio poor barquo to keep above the water at all, . Woll, but cannot wo turn to prayer at suoh times- as that? Yes, brethren, and that is tho only thing wo ami 'do. Whon wo uro so down In tho duet, so ornshod, and brokon, nnd brulsod, that wo oould not put lialf-a- dozon sontonoos togotlior, und would not dare to utter ovon ono as children of God, wo may still como as shiners nnd say, " Lord, receive a poor worm of tho dust, und if I.nover was Thy child yot, mako mo one uqw. Take ino. i' list as I am ! loomo to Than just as I thought did boforo, and, sink - or bwuii, I rest my guilty soul on Christ." Now, why I havo introduood tins at all is just this i Thoro are muuy young believers who get into suoh a squt.ll, and do not know what to miiko of it. T'Jy „uy, " Why, had I boon a child of God I j&nld; not havo drifted into this frightful toi-ipest." HowsuycBt thou so ? Did not Dnvfl go through it ? Ho said, ' AU Thy Wavos finl Thy billows liavo gone over mo." Yo fi must bo very littlo acquainted with tbo lvStory of tbo people of God if you think thnlrftlioy are strangers to tlioso conflicts. Thor'Siro somo old mariners litre that I could cal'tfup into tho pulpit, if -it woro uccded, to tm you that tboyhuvo dono business on grfiit waters many yours, mid tlioy liavo encol'dtored many storms. You ' cannot expect to be npon these sens and not havo tossings to Ad fro somotimos. Tho strongest faith th ,t over wus in this world has sometimes faltorifl. But this is the point, dour brothers uni' siRtors— no soul tlmt rests' in Jesus will cjlor bo wreokod. You may have the toinpqfts and tossings, but you will eomo to land ; ho sura of that. Tho old story tolls us uf Ciosilr in the storm, whon ho said to tho trembling captain, "Fear not! Thou earriest Ciesur 'and all his fortunes I " Now, Ohrist is in the sumo boat with all His peoplo. ' If quo of His members oan perish, He must perish too. "Strong languugo! '! say you. Well, it is nil in tlmt verse — "Because I livo ye shall livo also." You know, if you havo got a man and you put hiiu iu tho water, as long its his head is ubovo tho wator you cannot drown liim. Thoro are liis feet down in tlio mud — thoy will not drown, and ho cannot drown. Thero are his hands in tho cold stream— tho hands aro not drownod, cannot be, because his head is nil wife. Now look at our glorious Head. Soc wlioro Ho is exalted hi tho highost heavens, at tlio right hand of tho Father. Tho dovil cannot drown mo, and cannot drown yon, if you nro a inombci of Christ's body, beoause your Head is safe. Your Head is safo and you aro safo too. Rest you in this : that your faith may- bo slmkon, but it ouunot bo destroyed if you uro resting upon Ohrist. Your littlo temporary foundations thut rnuy lmvo overlain Ohrist may move, but tho rock of Christ Jesus never oan. You remember Mr. James .Smith telling a story of a good woman whom lio visited upon her dying bod. Ho sulci to hor, " Woll, my sister, how lire you? Aro your spirits good ?" "Yes," slio suid, " Tlio Cospol bonrs my spirit lip ; A faithful and unchanging God Lays tho foundation of my liopo In oaths, and promises, aud blood." "But," said tlio minister, "don't you fool yourself vory sinking?" "Sir," she suid with surpriso, " what do you say ?" Ho repeated liis question, " Don't yon feel your- solf in tlioso times weak and sinking ?" Sho said to him, " Minister, I would not liavo buliovcil tlmt you would havo put such n question, but as you lmvo I must answer it. Wlmt do you say ? Sinking I sinking I Did you ever hour of tmyono sink ing through a rook ? If I stood upon the sand I might sink, but, standing upon the Rook how can I sink?" Glory bo to God in Christ, wo aro on that Rook, and siiikiug thoro .is nono for us. God bring you ail there, nnd to Him shall bo the prafso for over |uid over: Anion. 