? n -in i 'i — _^j. J ORIGINAL STOJfcY I The Myslerj of tbe Willow Farm ar pattl twyfoed. l That oar hostess was a beautiful woman we mil agreed; and when we retired to our large, double-bedded, sleeping ohamber, the first sight of our stay at the 4 Willow Farm/' wo wen loud in our praise and admiration of her. Yet time waa much about this woman that I didn't like J and long after my tkree friends ware asleep, her wonderfully beautiful face haunted me In a Bort of waking dream. We bad arrived at the farm early in the day, taring sailed round from Sydney in oar own boat. She was a smart, half -decked cotter-rigged boat, and we were all expert, well-seasoned boatmen. We had each of us m lanm^ntt uouukt, bdu uuj trip w we Hawkeebuiy bad for some months been looked forward to with much pleasure. \- 'Would to God 1 bad never suggested it; for it proved a most disastrous trip, and saddened many yean of my life. I was not tbe oldest of tbe party, though looked up to as the most staid and circum spect ; and though on the right side of thirty, ?waa invariably called ' the old man/ which I didn't mind in ths least, for two of my friends ware quite young men — jtut arrived at manhood— *U1 erf hope, good spirits, health and strength. Both were Australians-— one . a native of Sydney, the other of Brisbane — and both were in the same offioe as myself* Oar other friend was aa Irishman ; he was thirty-five, bat was recklessly impulsive and -volatile as any Oeft of twenty-one or two oonld possibly be. fie was a splendid fellow in every way ; physically, he towered above the rest of us, being also Stout and muscular ; while intellectually he was also our superior. He had been a^great traveller: had resided some years in Amerioa^and had served in the United States army. He was highly accom plished ; & splendid musician, and a very fair lingnwt. Having served in the navy myself, and seen a good deal of the world, Hubert O'NeiU and I were particularly warm friends ; the other two, being younger, were naturally more in eaoh other's society— -though we all four, being unmarried, spent very muoh of oar time together. Thus we were out on our beating ex pedition up the Australian ftMn*v fully intending before we left the river to explore most of the creeks worth exploring. We were amply provided with eatables and drink ables, with fowling pieces, ammunition, etc., fishing gear, camera, sketch and note books. Thus we were quite independent of settlers, or river hawkers, unless it might be for a little fruit, milk, butter and eggs, which, of oourse, we oonld purchase as required. ? We had a splendid breeze all the way round ; and, as lnck would have it, it veered round to the east as we entered Broken Bay ; and thus it was that we made the farm so early on the seoond day from home. The people were strangers to us, and it was by the merost obance that we stopped there, for it was our intention to go as far up the river as we oonld get while we had the wind. But seeing some fruit growing near the water's edge, we steered in close in order to see what fruit it was, with a view to purchasing some ; and it was then we were hailed by a woman's voice 4 to come ashore.* We let go everything, and brought the boat up to the landing plaoe when wo were met by four ladfids —the one already referred to, a very handsome elderly lady, and two exceedingly pretty girls— just entering womanhood. They made us welcome at once, and we were soon basfly employed among the peach tress and melon vines, our fair friends show ing ns the bert fruit; and having freely rained ourselves to as much fruit as we _ Jrisaed?W£WBre invited up to the house to ~taka*^rsfreahment. «ualarge~3&- faqHopedrian^. plainly famished, but very ynuifwlaMft. Seeing a small cottage piano in the paxlor, Hubertjin hie usual on-handed manner/asked one of the younger ladies to play; but before the nil coulcl reach the jjjaao, the 1 beauty ' almost sprang to the stool and ran her fingers along the keys, and thai selected from several pieces of wmwfo a well known waliz. Her playing was rimply atrocious ; and X noticed an un disguised soowl of contempt upon Hubert's expressive face. She rattled on, however, from ene thing to another in the coolest man ner possible— and clearly, tv the annoyance of the old lady and the two girls — until one of t hem ventured to remark that ' one of the gentlemen might possibly play.' This was just what wedsatod, for we were all proud of E&bertfs; piano playing. Tbe lady left the instrument with a shade of displeasure on her lovely face, though she ariled sweetly upon oar chum when he re lieved her. The flat few notes clearly eleo trifiad our entertainer*— wjd It was - evident, that they were strangers to such playiaj. Then, with the most efiarmhig politeness, he asked one of the young ladies to sing; they hesitated ; but lie was so pressing and withal so kind, that the two sang a duet— Hubert aeoonkp&nying; them. He praised their singing and tttey oeitafaaly sacg voy nicely — for there was so affectation in these fresh young girls. * Aunt*— for such they called the beautiful woman to whom I have given such promi nence— declined, when asked to sing, but begged of our Tfrieud to play something eke. And be did so, for ballad followed waltz, then quadrilles, marches, and airs from the operas in such quick succession,' that by the time he had finished, quite an audiancehad gathered round the door — con- sistxngof eomshalf a dozen farm servants, male and female. Ones more he aslced the the ' Aunt*— fn Us aunt gallant and win anag ttaimer— to sing, but she was adamant. WeU.boys, strike V and he rattled off the jvtf&mnarytoa; glee we were constancy -:'£' T^rtffhijg hyAir; This finished the per aadweware prapspd to stay all I 4ras appealed to, and, rduetantiy, I «oT twffly ao flfmSs- iopot ihe estai2iahmflnt, lWhfle Hubert ^ ?fHaa.=xpBPp;th*n politely attenfive to her— Try*' as jaie gnat -bars deapisodber piano gl&Bg-; ? u. Tbe irtnua TO * plera, fairinaHng MI bad^onnedtfcla opinion of ' A»lnM poWMuJrf* iwtmrfcably aftroBX%ill, a»d ocnld dugnise her feelings The «S2 ladyan/i thegiris wen itendiw; }at(gbg tiro or three \- Iftflinu wi»iliiii***r~f, ^TTTfjtrr fa trim tth? under * IbAitn'a Smnb.* i. look from her . aaifcUue ejM aeea»dtboo»tham ; irtfle tbaoBlriy i&pttrrft; n«-ocdy anxkmg to JWpittete fcer Jl erary WSJ. I waa glad, MDWWl fri'to Iw thftt tbe young Sydneyite, ' ' Joe piemen***, vie not « antfaodaMfe to of ^Atorty' — iboafh, like bar eiqoU&te; 'M&aty.; I for « yoang*t ml and' h« wa* of incdjnm Umbt irf * wWrffcr, «id tadlooking fellow. HW VmlS j'jjilnHf''.' wiin'ilwBtal Woia£|i)vb) Un abwit tham. Anil «« t tu HSMog iiro tbe avmb of tlie day. l MKoSbt melbatXDin uid Hubert jnlgtt, |i|Ti*)ii)» uliiiinii iirf»iniili-i»liiiiliii|ri taoome ffKgfj niiinlH ; ' T miiTlTrf 'fir p'*' ? — f1-* fi^tes*4asr-=:j to me with beaming &oe; and lays his hand | on my shoulder. ' Captain,* saya he, 4 just a word. Do me the favor to break your I word of this morning about proceeding up stream ; Mrs. - ?— baa planned a pionic— and we must be in it. Say, old chap, that ! we stay here for another night.' I was an nojed— but said Td think over.lt. I walked down to the boat and began to overhaul the gear; while doing so, up comes Hubert, looking quite sad — for a wonder, for he was generally the noisiest of the quartette. ' Say, boss ; I guess we can hang out here another day?' 1 We might — but why P '-Wall, we oan*t be churlish to such kind, hospitable people— ladies, too. Mrs. ? the old lady, and the girls also— asked me if we would join them in a picnic to-day to some plaoe a mile or so from here. A day won't matter to as, any way. Let's go with them. What say you, JoeP This to Glemetishaw, who had just sauntered up. He nodded to me. ' Just as he like's. He s skipper, and we all signed articles to abide by his word. What say you, Oap'enP Well, what could I say ? I couldn't find one reasonable objection ; and of coarse, ao qaiesoed — wiih this condition imposed ; that we were to sail on the morrow. We went to the picnic; some walking, others riding in the buggy and spring cart whioh conveyed the provisions, etc. The person who drove the spring cart was introduced to us for the~first time as the old lady's son. He was a slim built, ordinary looking person, with a mean, ferret-like physiogomy, and reddish hair. He was rough and uncouth, and a clod in all his actions. Yet he was civil, though I notioed that. he rarely spoke to his 'nieces/ and when he did it was in a harsh, surly manner. To Mr* ? be waa most obsequious he waited on her like a slave ; and during the day when she was in her most joyous moods in the dance, rounders or other games, 1 noticed the man's small, ferret-like eyes following her every movement. All through the day the woman's 'were — as far as it seemed to me, — all for Hubert and Tom, and it was difficult to say whioh waa the most favoured. Of course she was pleasant enough to both Joe and myself, but her warmth was sub dued. She scarcely noticed the old lady's sou, whom we heard ealled 'Richard'; but what relation they actually bore to each other it was difficult to 6ay. Mrs — — was prob&bl;) a widow— eo Joe thought — yet fibe wore no wedding ring ; but what was the old lady to her ? and how came it that she, and not the old woman, was mistress P and further, where did this evil vlsaged son come from? He was not like his mother ; nor were the 'girls like her — while Mjb — bore no resemblance to any of them. The two girls— called respectively Eva and Emily — called Mrs ? ? Aunty/' and the old lady 4 Grandma,' while ' Richard' was called ' Uncle'; thus, one might well suppose that he and the * Mistress* were oousins — and possibly, somethmg else — betrothed, per* baps — it was hard to say. Whatever he was, she floated him ; whether he possessed any power over her or not, he did her bidding in everything in a most object way. We i spent a real pleasant day, and returned to the farm by another route. Passing by an old house, strongly built of squared stone, one of the girls sang out: ' Let us look at your old house. Aunty ? It won't take us long.' A withering glance met the girl's request. The old lady told the girl in a quiet way, that it was too late, and ' Bicbard whipped np the horse he was. driving. Bat j as Mrs — — - - was walking between Hubert j and Tom and the latter expressed a wish to ; see the place, she called out to Richard to go on with his mother while she took the i gentlemen over the ruins.' So Mrs ? , ; the two girls, and we four, spent half an ; hour looking over what mast be considered | one of the Hawkesbary's most ancient build- | ings. It was a fine old ruin — xh&ssively; boiit, ! ana in by no means a very bad condition —for several of the rooms west quite i habitable. j . AgwinTivagot intotrpuUo^ihe gitLwasj innocent— and honest to a fault. 'Would you think this ? old place was ; haunted f* asked she of Tom, in a meriy, , laughing strain. Tom started. ( Haunted ! no—is itf* . j Eva had caught her Auntfs eye and hem- ? tatecL 4 So they say— but I soppossit Is only a fancy people have.' 1 What do yon eav Mrs V asked Hubert/ 4 you should know, if this was onoe your homeP 'Well, they do say that it's haunted— i though X don't believe it. I—a — however, i wouldn't be afraid to spend the nisrht here.' . | 'Nor 1/ said Tom— with much warmth, j I thought. 1 Rather you than me,' said . Hubert, shrugging his snonldnrs. ' I've no partiality for ghosts.' 4 What say yon, Skipper/ chimed in Joe, 'shall the four of ns make a night of it in this old oabooaef 4 Ijeave mo out, then/ said Hubert. \- And let me stay here by myself/ rejoined the Queflnslander. ( O, , no/broke in Urs. — , *all of you are my guests, and I can not spare you to keep a lot of bats oompany. Come, let us hurry home; it is getting daric. Oiris, all this delay, and foolish talk about ghosts, is your fault.' And the woman's eyas blazed with suppressed anger. All the evening, notwithstanding Hubert's mnsio, our glees and solos, ' and Joe's and Hubert's sparring at each other in a chaffing strain* there was a certain on definable feel ing of restraint. The girls retired early, and the old lady soon followed. Sichard sat on the edge of a chair mute as a mouse, while the 'mistress' sat as stately aa a queen, in bet 'beauty, with just V percsptftne frown upon her lovely features. Evidently a feel- r uxgof depression pervaded -the VrP': were curious to know moreabout oar hostess; and her ' old home/ and -aha and Buhaai as firmly resolved to riintit-lngniigr. We spoke of safling away pn the monow,^ and. never 'a word was said against it, only &at; Mrs. ~, whfle Tholdingher hand in Hubert's looking straight into 1m bright wbife jS5iaA*^18»ISK'. \- # ' peiuttikt -«lr of Impatience, stood *tfi»4oor-iyay -urging m to go to bed. Biohani'ilMcjk was turned — just tor a momnnt— and tbe woman'* hand wan lifted to Hnbof * Spa. OuliappUj', Tom eaw the aid, aid he poshed put Hubert— rather ractdy I lhongot— and ptoflered hie hand to her. She gave it fa- him mfii some heaitation ; he didn't Ida* It, bnt ptit Mi («oe toj eloaa^o heo ; he nmet hare -whlapered somethlas'toJier, tact noticed that her tuae dujhed tosj ie&j; We all want to oar mom togettof liad »g«in the hiwnted hone wu dieraeie.'-s ? Tom aaid ha lad a good mind to go and spend die jdgbt there, toe anggaated tint' all go, alter Oat family had got into a aotmd «I»ep, ' ja»t foe the 'torn of the thing.* Babeit woala ban ' none o* yonr ghoata,' vhile ladrusd all toget to eleep In order to bo as ea^r and ready for a'^tart alter break tot ? ? r \ ?; room*»a tiL:-ap irt!h a fladi of li^itniag, atid tvo T^cos'sdced how' ibqg His atorm had boen wging? ^i« v^oMmonge-i 't6Subfirtttd Joe, Joe 4ggcttMt.' ' ' ' '. -? . 4 Not thsfil niw l ni^fc; ^ Oan't say, G&p;'ea ; lefs go and see.' ' 4 What's that P — Tom outP' asked Hubert, j 4 So says Joe. Wc musHtck bim up, fori he didn't seom to be quite tho thing last ulght.' * I expeot he's gone to interview the spook/ ! suggested Hubert. | *If so, we must go too/ Baid I. 4 Not me, +h*nlr you,' laughed Hubert ; 4 if he*s fool enougn to go prowling about ! after an imaginary ghost in a thunder-storm, let him fool himself to the top of his bent.' I didn't like Hubert's sneer ; and told him that I was going in searohof our mate. in. In a few minutes we were on our way to the haunted house. It was a terrible journey, for we were drenohed to the skin, and at times bogged knee deep in rats and soft plaoes, while the. lightning played around ns in the wildest of fantastic forms. Wo found Tom at the house ; be had been practical enough to make a fire in one of the rooms; and as he had reached the old house before the run came on, he was quite comfortable. He was evidently both surprised and annoyed at us for following him, bat said nothing. The room where the fire was made was a large room in fairly oomfortable condition— proba* bly it had b&en; the family dining-room. We found some logs, and all three sat by the firo. A painful silenoe prevailed for some time, when I caught sigTit of Tom's face as it was lit up by a darting flame from' a log he had thrown on : it was ghastly, . Joe observed it, too, and asked whether he had seen any thing. No he had not, but the storm had upset him. This seemed strange, for Tom ? was not the sort of chap, to be put out by a , thunder storm. Joe tried what a little oh'afi would do, and he asVed again, * Whether the ghost was Tnula or female, and who it was like ?' Tom raised his .head at the last question, iookbd hard at Joe for a minute or two, and than relapsed into his unnatural mood — for we had tiover known him to act like this before. It was clear to me that he seen some I thing— or thought he had and I was anxiouB j to dieoover what I believed he would tell me if Joe were put of the way— for he fearqjl that irrepressible young man's tongue: 'Joe, the moon's np, and the weather fine ; there should be some 'possums about here, and on our way baok we might knack over one or two.' j (To be concluded in our nest.) ] 