BATTISTO MCTERTA'S PLOT. AND THE PART THAT PEDRO PLAYED. Rain fell in torrents- from the ^ray-block clouds; the darkness deepened rapidly, dis pelled at brief intervals by the 'recurring flashes of the lightning. -In the heart of the storm a, little body of -English dragoons was sullenly splashing and floundering- .along the drenched toad between Granadilla and Rob ledo. They ;wore soaked .to the skin -and ; faint from -long fasting, but their gloomy silence iwas --due to neither rain nor hunger. :After a hardrwon victory'— the famous fight of Talavera^— they iwere retreating -before the French forces, and this filled them -with rage 'and shame. Beside ;*he grim .figure of ? Sersreanb- Major Barton, Lieutenant 'Trevor, was riding .-with slack reins, -leaving -his clever mount to pick her own way jn the rutty road. ' Don't you' worry about Wellesley,1 Barton,' ho replied with a merry laugh to some gruff remark of ? his. subordinate. 'The man -who -.was too clever for Soult- and Victor knows what he 4s - about. Whew !- what a peal of ?thunder— just like -artillery on the height* yonder!' ! A. trooper. galloped -alongside and (saluted.! ' Major Bruce .wishes a few words with you,' sir.' f 'Right. Get on, -Swallow !' He spurred .his steed into, a gallop, and passing file, after file of the grey- coated men, he was soon beside the leader's. mare. Major Bruce, who.was in charge of the little force, was a man of obstinate and headstrong temper. 'His .dashing valor .ajjd -bull-dog .tenacity, qualities which .had .gained Jiim.liia present post at.therear of jthe retreating ar.my, would have been mora valuable hod .they .been eupportod by caution and strategical power,- in which -he. was -sadly lacking. -His orders as head of the- rear guard were - to wsitch for and report .any undue advance on the part of the ho3tilo avmy that, was fpllowjng the British forces. ' Well, . Ittivox, ?? he ;Baid, -.as the handsome young subaltern came abreast of him, ' we can't be far from the little village we noticed on the map— San -Marco, was it not? Send forwards sergeant and a couple ofimento find the road and to get .news from the first peasants they see. . If San, Marco is near we will halt there for the night. The lieutenant. gave the. requisite orders,, the troopers appointed pushed on ahead, and the rest of the little cavalcade continued its march. Soon the scouts returned, the sergeant with a terrified Spanish boy before him in the saddle. 'The. road divides just ahead, sir,' he- re- ported. ' There are-.a couple^of houses there, quite deserted, but ,Dunn caught this little chap in ;a cowshed just by, so I brought him back. But. he. has .done nought b.ut howl and kick, sir.' The major, frowning at the smalVand shriek ing captive, .addressed him sternly in the best Spanish; he could- muster. ' Stop your shouts, you howling brat, and answer, or .1 .will have you shot. .How far off is San. Marco? Which is the w,ay? And— no lies, mind, or you ; are lost — have, you seen any Trench soldiers in this part since the last English troops went by ? ' The prisoner- ra .tiny, brown-skinned dark eyed -.peasant boy, perhaps 10 years old — was more terrified .than.ey.er by jtheae awful threats. Screaming and gasping with fear, he could only ? sob out, 'Ah, you will eat me— father said -so ; you will . eat me ! .Oh, father, father!' The crossroads were reached, the band of troopers halted, and still the .child could not or ?would not answer. ,TJ»e ,inajor stormed, .and rayed and shook his fist.at the boy— all to no purpose. And. ihe rain fell faster. ''Let; me try, major,' . said Trevpr at Jast, and lifting . tho little captive on his horse trotted a. .few paces apart, talking. soothingly in Spanish to the boy meanwhile. 'No, I am not English, my boy,' he re peated reassuringly, adding -sotto xocc 'I'm Scotch, though. And I won't eat you. I am going; to jtake you home. Where do you live ? San Marco ? Ah, I thought so ! And what is your name 1 Pedro -Scera — that is a fine name, isn't it?' In ten minutes he had pacified the lad, and learnt all that be -could tell, .which was not much. San Marco, was two.uailes-off on the left road. '-Mother' was there. 'Mother' worked ;at ? some place whose name he could not pronounce,, and Pedro had seen no french men. Soon . after the troopers trotted into San Marco— a mere desolate cluster of huts— with Pedro perched on Lieutenant Trevor's horse and chatting merrily of his parents- and of the fierce bulls he had seen on the. hills. He .was released and ran off to 'mother,' gleefully clasping in his chubby palm a gold coin that Trevor had. given him. The troopers were, quartered in barns and stables ;_ the senior officer, with his lieutenant and two fiergeant-niajors, saw -that .sentries were posted.- and troopers and horse3 safely bestowed for the night before making for tho .filthy Jittlednn,' their .temporary headquarters. At the inn door, they w,ere-met;by'an olive: complexioned Spaniard, who introduced bim Belf , as Batbigto JMuerta, .steward to Don Miguel de Flores. His master, he explained, had fled ,to . Portugal— this .? cruel war had .ruined him. — but such .- poor quarters as tho Don's bouse 'El Casteilo' ailoidtd were:at the English officer's service. 'Better -staj' here among the men,' sug .gested. Trevor to .his chief. 'What, . in this . hole V. retorted the major. ' There- is not a ghost .of: a ! Frenchman^ for miles ;^noone_ has- seen a sign of one. No; I will leave' Ensign Fanoourt in 'ohargehere ; he can speak the lingo as we.Has any of us. We will ride up. at once, 'lie said to tho steward. 'Pardpn, but that is Jiot pgssible, .senor,' replied Muerta. ' Tho road is very steep and diificult for horses even bydayj' ?'Very .good; then, -we must walk,'. Baid the 'English 'Jeadcr. 'And you two men, Barton .and Word, hivd better come .too;' ', Barton, bring my holetere,' whispered the lieutenant. -Major -Bruce .took no . suoh precautions. II. ?A Btiff climb up the. .hillside in the uncertain light of a clouded moon brought the .party to ' El Oaetello'— a rambling, desolate old house, unlit save for a flickering h'^htin one window. ^Following Aluerta into the empty hall and up a broad stairway the dragoons entered a long saloon. Dark old family portraits occupied one wall of the -room, a few articles of heavy oak furniture stood about, and a couple, of candles wera burning on a small plain table at : which a. tasty repast, was spread. The major's eyes glistened at the eight of two bottles of wine. He and Trevor .seated themselves, the two sergeant-majors- remaining on their feet, 'Sit down, .-my men,' ..said Major Bruce, ' we may relax discipline a trifle to-night ; we are in clover !' A comely woman of middle age,- who was busy at the ? table, looked curiously at. Lieu- tenant Trevor. 'Shall I show you your room, Excellency ?' she asked in Spanish. 'Never mind .that now — let's have some supper. I am famished,' cried the major. His junior courteously declined the woman's offer, and the meal commenced Muerta etood. behind the table, obsequious but watchful. .- He left his post for .an iiistant, howev.er, to close the door after the servant on her entry with a fresh dish ; as she passed Trevor she whispered in his ear 'The.wiue — beware !' and instantly emptied- his glass and Barton's into a dish she was removing. ? There was no time for more ere Battisto re-; sumed his post. Trevor, . startled by this strange warning, repeated it in English to Barton, laughing meanwhile fas if at a joke he was making, and- relying on the steward's ignorance of tho language. B.ut he saw with dismay that Major Bruce and the second .sergeant-major had already drained a. glassful each of the beverage so strangely denounced. Supper being ended, the table was cleared, pipes were filled, and the four dragoons settled down to a lazy hour before going to. rest. 'The .subaltern, still- brooding over his inexplicable iiy&rning;, saw . that his superior ? officer and Sergeant-Major Ward were already nodding in their chairs, and his uneasiness deepened. Their host had left .the saloon, preceded by the servant, and closing the heavy dopr behind him. 'Beg pardon, sir,' said Sergeant Major Barton as soon as the -soldiers were left to themselves, ' but thaj; woman knows some thing queer. The second time she came in she give me a look and slipped a paper into my hand ; here jt is, sir.' He produced a folded scrap of paper with a few words scrawled upon it in Spanish. 'Why, oh why would you not. let me warn you earlier? Muerta is a traitor. I am sure of it — he eent a secret messenger an hour since. The French— the fifth panel f rpm the window ? ' Tho note ended abruptly, as though the writer had bee.n puddenly dis turbed. 'Tho fifth panel !' repeated Trevor in be wilderment and alarm. 'What can ,jjhe mean ?' He sprang to.hisieet, seized his. pistols, and strode to -the ijoor. It. was fastened! He shouted aloud to ftluer.ta— all was silent in the house save for the- echoes ; his cries awakened. The stout oak door defied tho B.hock of his weieht and Barton's. 'Rouse Ward and the major, man, quick 1' he cried, but the sleepers could .not be stirred by all Barton's Bhoute and pushes. Escape by the window ? with two helpless comrades Trevor saw to be impossible. 'Trapped !' he said bitterly at last and then muttered again, 'The fifth panel— what can ehe mean ?' _He paused before the. panel- denoted. It bpre the portrait of . a soldier in fifteenth* century war-gear, and Beerugd to differ in.no way from the others. He tapped the wood work with his sabre's -hilt ; it rang liollow. He tried the next and the next; they .sounded muffled and dead. 'I have it!' he shouted. 'There is a chance yet. Quick, Barton, drag that big bench before the door, pile the chairs on it — anything to barricade the door !' The puzzled sergeant-major obeyed. ' It is a sliding-panel, man,' his lieutenant, cried ; 'we must find the spring of it.' : With eager fingers they searched, among jthe scrolls ;and flowers carved on the heavy oak frame, but no spring or knob repaid their search. In desperation Trevor drew one of his horse piBtolB irom itB bolster, cocked, both triggers, and fired at the head -of the portrait. -The heavy bullets tore the canvas and splintered' \- the woodwork ? beneath. Leaping on the table' he peered- through one of the holes thua made and -shouted 'I can see a faint lights Barton, lend a hand to smash this in !' Together they crashed the panel in with the table, their comrades sitting like statues throughout- the dip. A gaping passage-was disclosed,1 faintly lit by- a side grating-. Voices and footsteps -echoed in the hall. ' In with you !'? the.- lieutenant -cried ; and Barton, bent nearly double under- the weight of his brother serg-pant-major, clambered ttqra . the table into the opening. With his sword in his right hand and the major's limp body across his shoulder, Trevor followed, kicking: over as he went tho one candle that -had re mained, alight. A voice at the saloon- door oried in French, 'Yield yourselves, dogs of English. Youare trapped.' The barricade cracked and groaned as the - door, was thrust inward. Groping along the dim passage, striking ? ' against beams and -choked with dust, the two soldiers with their helpless burdens reached, and descended a steep flight of steps, unbolte'd , a low door at the foot, and passed put into the moonlight. 'Halt!' called a deep .voice from the shrubbery behind the fugitives, and then added . in amaze, 'Well, be jabers, 'tis tjie lif tinent and ? Barton, . bhoys !' 'Yes, here we are, Denny,' answered : Trevor. 'Post a strong guard at that .gate, ' quick !' A dozen Frenchmen, followed by th.e traitor Muerta, issued one by one .through ; the low door, and one by one, were seized ! and tied. ' i 'Any more gintlemin a-comin, sorr?' J asked Trumpet-Major Denny, whilst^tha ' troopers roared ^with laughter.' 'That we -must -find out,' replied .the subaltern. At that on omen t Ensign Fancourt came round the ajngle jof the house, followed by.j& dozen troopers, and ? the , two little bands made .a cautious search, but -not another ?enemy cquld be found. The main doors were ajar,- and within the house was only the woman . who had given ? Trevor such timely warning. 'Who told you of our peril?' asked the lieutenant, turning to Ensign Fancourt. 'A little gipsy-looking boy brought a note in Spanish, ' was the reply. ; The woman stepped forward. 'The French scouts were following you all day,' Bhe said to \ Trevor in her native tongue, 'but they were not in force enough to attack you. Marshal - Victor offers a big bribe for every British officer - captured, and the villain Battisto's . : - plan was to drug you and then call in the . ' scouts. He suspected me, alid would not leb ', me leave the house, so I, sent little Pedro down '? to the village with a letter.' -.- 'Wo owe .-you -pur liberty, -perhaps awe ?''??;, lives!' said Lieutenant Trevor warmly. *!You -; must love the - English well to risk .60 much. ? for them.' ? ' No,', she replied ' lightly, with ? a careless ,5 shrug. ''French or Englisli, what is that to i; me who- am neither ? - But you were good and ' .'-] ?kind to little,: Pedro, he told me, and — I am r ?Pedro's mother.' — Chums. , '} 