YOUNG. (KUOM OUR Sf'KO.1 A.Ii aOIIRKBI'ONlJENT.) There are few towns in the colony that have retained more visible traces of the ' boom ' days than has this place of which I write. Fine streets, beautiful houses, stores, that even in London or New York would not appear contemptible, a palatial Town Hall, a porticoed and columned court-house, a public school, that only cost to erect the trifling sum of ^12,000, are objects that at once greet the stranger's eye as he emerges from the railway platform. Everything at once suggests that here must have lived and flourished an admirable roads and bridges member, a thorough adept in that lucrative and useful of all arts — the art of log-rolling. So, undoubtedly, there did. The brothers Watson, in the early days of Young, plied their pick and shovel, and burrowed into the earth to view Nature's secrets and to extract her treasury. Their labours were not in vain. Steady was their ascent up the ladder of Fortune, and opening a large store in the town, they soon became the local magnates of the place, Nothing the crowd admires so much as success, and thewialthy Watsons were at once iccouuisud, by the flee and indupen* dent votes of the Young electorate, as fit and proper pel son:* lo represent them in Parliament. In Macquaiie-htn el they (lid not fail to utilise the minim; experiences they had jiained in the days of their poverty m the bed of the aeek that tlows through Young. Not reef ur alluvial were they in pursuit of now, but the coined sovereigns with which I'aihes and a reckless system of bor rowing had leplelcd the Colonial Treasury. To open to them, how ever, the eiiehanting vision of the Treasury's glittering contents, they realised that their old friend the pick and shovel- would be useless. They were accordingly discarded, and the patriotic and devoted brothers directed all their energies to open up a claim, based on mutual advantage, in the fond, susceptible bosom ol tin* great, quondam Char tist, and then Czar of New South Wales, Sir Henry I'arkes himself. The illustrious knight, on his part, not to be outdone, in confiding sim plicity and in that generous con fidence that Iling for ever a beauty and a loveliness over human inter course and relationship, scanned with his penetrating orbs the enter prising brothers, and nodded his massive head in joyous satisfaction and approval. They were of the right sort — men that could appre ciate his disinterested efforts in establishing in ' Hostralia the bles sings of Constitutional freedom.' They could also sympathise with the magnanimity of his mind in saving from the cruel clutches of 'hawful Papists' the refined, gentle, unselfish, unsuspecting Orangemen and loyal Protestants of this great colony of New South Wales. On the Watsons, therefore, could Sir Henry always count, whether in crushing denominationalism or in evoking Kiama ghosts ; and, to the credit of fallen human nature be it said, the Watson brothers could always count on .Sir Henry. Their modest claims on the Treasury were always recognised, and streets, bridges and public buildings of an excellence and splendour recalling the memories of the Rome of the Emperor Augustus soon astonished and delighted the mining population of Young. In passing; the Public Instruction Act, Sir Henry had their warm support, and his gratitude is recorded in the Young Public School, one of the finest and most elaborate in the colony. The Watsons have all now departed from here. Some are dead and others reside in Sydney, but, of course, the rotten, bigoted state of society that gave them influence and political power is also a thing of the past ; and, were they here to-day, they would scarcely receive a single vote at an election. A Mr. Watson, a Labour member, is now the repre sentative of Young, but he is in no way connected with the proteges of Parkes. A report of: a prosenfcabion to the Kev. Father Why to, from the St. .Benedict's Literary and Debating Socioty, with other matter, lias come to hand too late for this week's issue. 