^?MHWMMMMMWMMaMMHH^IH^MilM^HIiMflMiiaiill Bt=-'.- ? ~ ^ fp Swne Memories. Ik,:. - partv. O. NE eventtg Kusis and I, in one ca noe, and Tuipe \--» and Eonie, his V wife and daugh ter, xwrai my two halPcaste young friends in ano ther, were pad dling ] homeward from the western Tseef. We had been fishing in some of the deep pools that lay between the inner and outer ;, ' ireefs».but with little success, for every pool contained a 'school' of hrage blue and -gold leather- jackets, which broke our hooks and fljtft -Jur lines to such an extent that, after catching about half a dozen fish of the tre 'Vally, species, we ceased fishing and made r. for the two little islets that I have spoken of before. Here' we intended to rest awhile L. till. 'nightfall, and then go out again to. the V ffeef and resume our fishing; fox at sunset 'V .the. leather-jacket tribe retire to their holes ' among the coral at the bottom of the pools. ; , We paddled in slowly, over the glassy sur * tsuce of the pale-green water with a bottom of pure snow-white sand, and then ran our canoes into a lovely little bay wtiose beach twas scarce a hundred feet in length from one point to the other, and then set abouf to prepare our evening meaL Half a mile away the grey-thatched houses in the vil lage of Moat stood out plainly in the clear atmosphere,, and here and there curls of pale-blue smoke rose straight up skywards, \- for the trade wind had sunk to rest, and even the ocean rollers broke but languidly upon the long line of reef to the westward. Three miles jnland (yet seeming as.if It rose ; almost from the water's edge) the great mountain that Duperrey named Buache had already enwrapped its lofty summit in its : mantle of night mist, and the lower elopes off vivid green were changing to purple streaked with shafts of gold from the set ting sun. . Overhead there sped ehofewards \- , & swift flight of ocean-roving birds, whose rookeries were among the thickly-foliaged 'r. »anida trees on the southern point beyond. Qje ; villager and in the trees around us the snowy tropic, birds, who all day long had *? hovered high in air above the blue Pacific, :Were already at rest, only moving to make room for come belated wanderer as he flut tered, with noiseless wing and long scarlet : JbaaMea.ifh.ers spread out wide to steady, his descent among bis sleepy companions. ~ At a little distance from the beach, stood a ,'. ttiny thatched roofed house with sides open to' welcome the cooling 'breath of the land Bfceeze that, as the sun sank beneath the ocean's rim, began to gently rustle the palm ; leaves of the islete as it crept softly down from the black passes and valleys of Mont fcu&ehe.; Tihe. house had been built by the people of* Mont, who used it as a rest-house when en gaged in fishing in the vicinity of the vil lage. Bolted up. and placed across the cross foflams were a nnmber of soft mats, and as Soon as we entered Kusis took these down and placed them upon the' ground, which was covered with a thick layer of pebbles. iXhrcwiog ourselves down, on the mate, we filled oar pipes and smoked, while his wife and daughter and the young half-caste girl made an oven of heated stones to cook the fish we had caught The boy had left us as soon »as we landed to gather young drinking cqeoanuts, and, although the .swift tropic night, had now fallen upon the isle, we heard ? iiihe-iheavy fall of the cocoanuts as he threw -them to the ground. Only that the boy iuad white blood in his veins we had had no thing to drink tfi*at night, for no Strong's Islander would ascend a 'cocoanut tree here . after dark— devils, fiends, goblins, the ghosts of men long dead, and evil spirits flitted to and fro a my) the boscage of the Saieia once night had fallen. And even , .Knsis, despite the long years he had spent ; among, white men in his cruises in. American iwhaleshipg in his younger days, chid the boy sharply for lingering so long over his . task, and then turned fta-if apologetically ito me, and spoke in English. ^This place is a bad place; suppose you no got fire. ? Plenty men — white men — die fbere, and Mont man (people) only come here '.So smoke and eat when plenty come to gether? then not much frightened. Long ;'?? time ago plenty wtiite men die here— all ; killed here.' Then, as we waited for the oven to be opened, TuJpe, and Kmie, and Litrzi. the \- , Boft-voieed half-caste girl, came in and sat down- beside us, and asked us of what it [was we were talking. And then Kusis' be came at once client, and gave me a meaning : look to ask him nothing about that of which : ttte had just spoken. ? So, though eager to learn all 'about- the 'white 'men who had died' on the liti&e; isle, I asked him nothing Btit, by and bye, when we had eaten our . Simple meal end had launched our canoes again, and dropped our anchor of coral stone into the deep pool oft the outer- reef, I . flleard the story; of the tragedy of the two Islets. I' IL :! *^It Is bad to speak of the ghosts of the ? dead when their shadows are near one, \- said 3Wpe, the professed Christian, but pore, unsophisticated heathen at heart, 'no . ? one but a fool of a wMte- man would do «hat.' **i-ong, long before the -time- that the two ?afoeneh fighting sMpscamehere*andaiichor ,, ed in tMs harbor of Mout, other iships had come to Kusaiei** and' white men .had come ..'? ashore ai I/eJa and spoken with the king and chiefs, and made presents, of friend ship to them, and were given turtle and bogs in return. This was long before my i&other; was married, and when this place of Mout, which Is now so -poor, and hath. ?jp0t Bo few, pttaple in it, was &.great town, ifhe bouses of which covered alL the flat land between the two pointe of the bay. She, too, was named as I Tarn— Tuipe, end was from a family that lived under the strong arm of the king at Lela, where they had 'houses and many plantations. In those „ days there were three great chiefs on Ku eate, oae at Lela, where my: mother came y fiionvoneat tftwe, and one ttjere at Moat Peace iad been between, them -for nearly two yieaiH, so, when the news came bere thai. ,- itftcw 'were two eMps at anchor int. Lela hatf ' * '**$!. many of the people of Mout went jfcgJHier in their canoes to see tJie etrajrgers, y.- - Xe&j;&ese-fih;&s; *wezte the first the people bad \ Hetk for, It-jnay nave been, twenty yeau^. [; ??, *Anwog -tfoose that went from Mont was a I 3*«mg man named Kusis-lak— Kns&s; the big f' «r strong— for &e; was ihe tallest and efcroog \Z es& man on tthas side of the island, and a [i sxsat ifreaOes.^ Xbere wene in -ail nearly p mr4-,ho39dred tnen and women went from j Mem, and wfeen «iey in *h«fe canoes passed to 'BmtM'iwaa ttte aaiipw*passage to lieSa, dey saw *ha± iffie harbor was covered wltb canoes fall of the people from the great jtown there. These clustered aibout the \- ebSp^ s© iMcfcly da/t those that came from \-- Moat conld not draw near enough to them, Viitolook at the wMte men, so they rested on 7 their pASStes «ad wMted awhile. Present-, \, if there came irat npon a high part of the / ?? fihip a chief of Jjela named Malik. He was : the king's f osier brother, and a man whose ways were, bad and cruel, but he was a ' great fighting man; and hated by the people of Hout for having ravaged all the low-*' lytB^-eouatry. between Utwe and Mont ten jresrs before, slaying women and children. e* well as men. and 'casting their bodies Lot t-* tile flamed of their burning houses. 'PBVftitey in 1SS. ?--??.? **Then natlVe name for Strong'^ Island. ??.'.' ' ' -t 'tf'. ? ..: ?::?-?-??.? But now, because of -the peace, be ehowed, his white teeth In a smile of WBicosne, euod, , standing upon, tie high stern part of the ship, he called out to the people of Mout 'Welcome, O friends,' and bade them pao- Ale thefa- canoes to the shores *o the' great houses of the king, bis brother, where they would be made welcome, and wtiere food would be prepared for them to eat. So much as they desired to go on board the ships, they duost not offend such a man as Malik, and paddled to the' shore where they were met by the king's slaves, who drew their canoes high up on 4i»e beach, and cov ered them with mats to protect them from the sun, and then the 'K'frng himself came to meet them with fair words of welcome ?and friendship. ' 'Welcome, O men of Mont,' &e; said. 'See, I have covered your canoes with mats from the-sun, for now that there is no blood between us you shall remain here at Lela with me for many days. And so that there shall be no more blood letting between my people and youns will I give every young - man among ye that is yet unmarried a wfeSe from the people of Lela. Gome, now, and eat and drink.' 'So all the two hundred eat down in one of the King's bouses, .and while they ate and drank there came ashore boats from the ships, and the wMte men, whom Malik led ashore, came into the house where they sat, and spoke to them. In those ^days there were but three or four of the Kusaie men who understood English, and these MaJifr kept by him, so that 'he could put words in to their mouths when he desired to speak to the white strangers. These white men, so my mother said, wore short broad-bladed swords in sheaths made of tiick black skin&, and pistols were thrust through beta of skin around their waists. Their faair,_ too, was dressed like that of the men of K-usale— it hung down in a short, thick roi£ aud was tied; at tie tip.* 'Kusis-lak— who was the father of this my husband Kusis— sat a little apart from the rest of the Mout people. Beside him was a young girl named Neh, his cousin. She had never before left her home, and the strange faces of the men of Lela made her so frightened that she clung to Kusis-lak's arm in fear, and wthen 1ihe white men. came Into the house she flung her arms around h^r cousin's neck and laid her face against his naked chest Presently, as the white men walked to and fro among the people, they stopped in. front of Kuste-iak and Neh, and one of them, who was the captain of the largest of the two ships, desired Kusas lak to i stand up so that !he mdght see his great stature the better. So Kusis-lak stood up, and Neh, the girl, etffl clinging to his arm, stood up with Mm. . ' 'He Is a brave-looking ma-n,' said the white officer to M^Jfir. 'Such men as he are few and far between. Only this man here,' and he touched a young wftdte man who stood beside him on the arm1 is his equal in strength and fine loofas;' and with that the young whtbe man, who was an officer on the smaller of the two ships, laughed, and held out his hand to Kusis-lak, and then his eye, blue like the deep sea, fell upon the -face of Neh, wtoose eyes looked iwonderingly into his. ** 'Who Is she? Is she the big man's sis ter?1 he asked of Malik. Then. Malik told him, through the mouth of one of the three Kusaie men who spoke English, who the girl and the men were, and of the Moot peo ple who (had come so far to see the ship. « 'By-^and-bye the white men with Malik ^ent away to sit and eat and drink kava in the house of the King, his brother, but pre sently this big white man came back with 'Rrjol, a native who spoke English, and sat down beside Kusis-lak and ids cousin Nen, and talked with them ifor a long time. And this he told them of himself— -that he was the second chief of the little ship, that with two masts; and because of the long months ?they had spent upon the sea and of the bad blood between the common sailor men and the captain, he wad wearied of the ship -and desired to leave it. Ten others were there on Ills own ship of a like mind, and more than a score on the larger sMp, which had twenty and two great cannons on her deck. And then he and Rijon and Kusis-lak talk ed. Earnestly together, and Kusis-lak pro mised to aid him; and so that Bijon would not betfcay them to Malik or the two cap tains the big white promised to give Mm that night a musket and a pistol as an earn est of greater gifts to follow when Ihe and others with him had escaped from tihe ships and were under the roofs of the men of Utwe and Mout. So then he pressed the .hand of Kusis^ak, and gga.in his eyes .sought those of Neh, the girl, as he turned away. 'Then Rijon, who stayed, drew near to Kusis4ak, and said' — ' 'What shall be mine if I tell thee of a plan that is in the mind of a great man here to put tnee and all with thee to death.' '.'Who is the man— as it Malik?9 '*It is Malik.' ' 'Then,' said Kusis-lak, 'help me to es cape from this trap, and my father will give thee houses and land, and one slave for every twenty of us 'here whose lives are saved by -fihee.' 'By-and-ibye there came to the people from Mont a yotmg girl named Tulpe-^-she who became my mother — who brought a. message from the King. That night she said *there was to be a great feast, so tihat the white men from the ships might see the dancing and wrestling that were to follow, ^fbd the King bad sent 'her to say that he greatty desired the people from Mout to come and join in the feasting and dancing. ATirl with the message he sent farther gifts of baked fish and turtle meat aakL baskets o£ fruit. 'So Kusis-lak, though Ihe knew well that the King end 'Malik, his brother, meant to murder Mm and his people, smiled at the girl, end said, *It is good; we will come, and I will wrestle with the best man ye have in Xela.' Then he struck the palm of his hand- on the mat upon which be sat, and said to Tulpe, 'Sit thou here, and eat with us,* for ihe was taken with her looks, and wanted, speech with her. '*Nay/ eatid she, with a laugh. 'Why ask me to sit with thee when thou hast so handsome.a wife?' And sbe pointed to Neh, whose hand held Kusis-lak by the arm. ** ' Tte but 'my little sister— my father's brother's -child,' he answered. 'No i/pife have .L and boob will I b&ve; bat tbee. What is -thy nantt?1 'rrnipe, the daughter of MaMk.' 'Then was Knsis-lafc determined to tafce hex away with him, first because he de sired her for ids wife, and ateo because she would be- shield .for the pecgfe of Mout « gainst her father's vengeance. . So be and Neh, iris cousin, made .touch of her, and Tulpe'a heart went oat .to Ih^n, for he was a.' man wb/ose. deeds as a. wrestler were known in eveiy village on Kusaie. Bnt presently, as she ate and drank and listened to his wojvIs of love, she became very~quiet and sad, and KO6»3ak- asked her why was 'sihe-salent. ? . . '* /Because^. O wrestler, of an evil dream in wnicJj I saw tfte bodies of men and women end chOdren; whose waists were girt about wltla g-irdfes-^of oap, floating upon a wide pool of blood, and of tbe faces of two of them, one was. like IMne and its other like .ma of .tfcJs girl by thy side/ ' ' ? 'Then KuaisJ&k; knew that she meant to wamMm of the plat, for only 42ie people of Mout wore g^idtea of ttie baik of itf» plant called* oap. '*So then lie told her of that wMcb BIJon bMsq^andTalpe^pept .;??-. '.'It -ifi ixoe,' sbe eaid; 'my fotajer even now 3s planiiing wSSi bis brother Uhe B3ng how to slaughter you «U tcHCdgftcfc wtoen ye sfeep after the dance. 'What can I do to heap thee? \- '^They talked again, and then Tnlpe -went away, lest Malik sbosM grow saepickHtB of * Several . BingliBh .and Prendi prtvoteers went throngb the Caroline leianfls %etween ISM sad; afflS. TFlXteeu mta betoogln* to.«Oe at tttei **i»cttt off by the Strong's laUndeiB. ? ? ?? - . ? j*. ' her, aiod KuBis^ak called all Ms people to gether, and ,toid them of the treachery of Matifr, and bade them do-what he would bid them wiien iH*ef time came. 'Air^nfehrt time great fires were lit in the centre of the ?ixxvm, and the King gave a great feast, and he and Malik made much of the people from Mout and placed more food before them than was given to bis own people. Then when the two captains .came -on- shore -and sat on a mat beside the King, the women danced and the men wrestled, and Kusis-lak, whose (heart was bursting with rage though his lips smiled, was prais ed by Malik and the King for his great strength and skill, for he overcame all wno stood against him. 'When .the night was far gone Kusis-lak and his people told Malik that they were weary, and asked that they might sleep. And Malik, wiho only waited till they slept, said, *-3o, and sleep in peace.' 'But as soon as Kusis-lak and those with him were away out of sight of the great swarm of people who etiU danced and wres tled in the town square, they ion quickly to the beach, near to where their canoes were lying, and Kusis-lak lit a torch and .waved it thrice in the air towards the black sha dows of the two ships. Then he waited. 'Suddenly there arose a great commotion on the two ships, and then came the sound of boats rowing quickly to the shore to wards where Kusis-lak waited. And then came a great flash of light and the sound of thunder followed, and ere tihe echoes had died way in the caves of the mountains of Lela, the Mout people had launched their canoes, and crowding into them 'paddled swiftly out towards the two boats. 'In the bows of the foremost boat was Rijon, who, standing up in the bows, called out to Kusis-lak to go on first and showthem the way out through the passage. In but a little time the. thirty canoes and the two boats — which were full of white sailors — were in the deep waters of the passage, and rising and falling to the great swell of the ocean, and from behind them came the sound of the cries of rage of the men of Lela, who followed along the beach, firing at the canoes with muskets. 'When daylight came the boats and ca noes were far down- the coast towards Mout, and then the boats stopped rowing, and a big white man stood up and beckoned to Kusjs-lak to bring his canoe alongside. Then when the canoe lay beside the boat ihe white man laughed and held out his hand to Kusis-lak, and asked for Neh. And as Neh stood up beside Kusis-lak in the canoe, so did Tulpe, the daughter of Malik, etand up beside the wnite man in his boat, and ail the people smiled to see the white man hold out his hand to Neh and take her into the boat, and then lifting up Tulpe in his arms he gave her to Kusis-lak. 'As the boats and canoes paddled along the coast, Tulpe told Kusis-lak how she and Bijon had gone on board the smaller of the two ships, and seen the tall young white men whispering to some of the sailors. Then when they saw the flash of the torch, how these sprang upon others and bound them hand and foot, while a boat was low ered and muskets and food and water put into her; and at. the same time another boat came from the big .ship with thirteen men in her. Then she and Rijon got into the first boat, and Bijon stood in the bows and guided both to where Kusis-lak awaited them. * ? ? * 'For nearly three months these white men lived at Moot, and the father of Kusis lak, who was chief of the town, made much of them because tihey had muskets and buU lets .and powder hi plenty, and made him strong against Malik and the people of Lela. The two ships had sailed, away soon after the night of the dance, but the two captains hail given the King and Malik many muskets and much powder and a small cannon, and urged him to pursue and kill all the white men. ' 'By and by, I will kill them,' said Malik. 'The young white man took Neh to wife, and was given a tract of land near Mout, and Kusis-lak became husband to Tulpe, and there was great friendship between the three men. Then came warfare wxtii Lela again, and of the twenty and two white men ten were killed in a great fight at Utive with Malik's people, who surprised them as tibey were building a vessel, for some of them were already weary of Ku saie, and wdshed to saal away to -rther lands. 'Soon those tfhat- were left began to quar rel among themselves and inn each other, till only seven,, beside the huband of Neh, were left These, who lived in a village at the south point, seldom came to Mout, for the big white man would have none of them, and naught but bitter words had pass ed between them for many months, for he hated their wild, dissolute ways, and their foul manners. Then, too, they had learnt to make grog from eocoanut toddy, and1 sometimes, when they were drunken with it, would stagger about from bouse to house, musket or sword In band, and fright en the women and children. One day it came about that ihe wife of one of them, a girl named Luan, who was a blood relation of Neh, was walk Ing along a mountain path, carrying her in fant chjM, when her foot slipped, and she and the infant fell a great distance. When she came to she found that the child had a gmit wound in Its .forehead, and was cold and stiff in death. She lifted it up, and when she came to her husband's house, she held It out to Mm, and said, 'See, O drunken father! thy child is dead.'- Then the white struck her on ihe head with his pistol, so that she fell and died at bis feet. 'That night the people of Mout saw the seven wMte men, with their wiv^s and chil dren, paddling over towards the two litffle islands, carrying all their goods with them, for the people bad risen against them over the death of the girl, and driven, them away. 'So ftihere tbey lived for 'nearly a week, making grog from the eocoanut trees, end drinking and fighting among themselves all day, and sleeping the sleep of the drunken, at night. Their wives toiled for them all day, fiRhiimjr on the reef) and bringing them ?taro, yams, and fruit from the mainland. Then one night the man, who bad killed his wife wen* to the village from whence they were driven, and, seizing 'the wife of a tyoong amative, bore her away to the two JsLeis. 'The next day the man wiiose wife had been stolen came *to tMe husband of Neh, and said, 'O white man, help me to get back my wife; -help me for the sake of Luan, whom sQiis, dog slew, and whose blood cries. out to thee for vengeance, for was she not a, Wood relation Jo Neh, thy wife.' 'But though the irasbanii of Neh. shook bis bead, be said naught when at night time a bundred men, carrying knives and dubs in th-vr hands, gathered together In the coun cil bouse, end talked of the evil lives of the seven wihite men, and. agreed that the time bad come for them to die. 'So So. silence they rose up from the mate In -the council ihouse and ^walked down to tin} beach, cud, launching fhrir canoes, pad v-Ued across to the islands under cover of the darkness. It so (happened that one woman Tras awake, but ail ike rest Vittfo. the wMie mea aod their children, slept. 33jis woman' belonged to Moot, and, bad come to the beach to balihe,- for. the night was bot and Windless. 'Suddenly the canoes surrounded her, and, fearing danger to bar white hus baaiti, fibe sought to escape, but a strong Jhabd seized ber by Hbe hsJx, and a voice bade iher be sHent .; . . '- ; ?* 'Now, tbe mqp wlho beM her by the hair was her own.skter'e fcusband, and be de sired to save bar life, so he and two others seized and bound and quickly tied a waist girdle over her mouth «o that she could not cry out. Bnt she was strong, . and straggled bo tiuvt tie girdle slipped off, and she gave a * ' ? ? ' '. ? ? . . ? .*? , .;? ? . ? ? ? . i .:?? . ;£.? ? .'. ;/: ?? ' .*' ? -. ,.'.';?/; ???..???.'? .?','?? loud cry. And then her sister's [husband, lest Jus chief might say he bad fiariJedin his doty, stabbed &er; in the .throat, and MBed her. 'Tben the avengers of the blood of Luan sprang out upon the beach, and ran tUrongh the palm grove to where the wMte rmem's hovjse stood. It was a big 'house, for they all lived together, and in the middle of the floci' a lamp of eocoaaiut oil burned,' and showed where the seven white men lay. 'And there as tihey slept they were spear ed and stabbed to ? death, although their wives threw their arms around the slayers and besought them to spare their husbands' lives. And long before dawn, the, canoes' returned to Mout with the wives and chil dren of the slain men, and only the big white man, the husband, of Neh, was left alive out of the twenty and two wbo came from -Hie ships at Dela. So that is the story jof the two islets, and that is why we now fear to stay there at night to sleep.' 