[?] fl^MPRlScESS. Authorof ' The Omorod. Mystery ' The Dene Tragedy,' 4c., j CPAPTEE XIX. A .SKETCH. i- On the afternoon following the day On which Owen had seen David, while «he Was busy teaching, a maid entered the schoolroom, and informed her that ; a young lady wished to see her. 'I've shown hor into tho little green room, Miss Baynes,' Baid the : maid, fllessantlv. ' A young lady to see me I' ex claimecl Gwen, wondering who it could be. Only Marian Holds worth would bo likely to seek her, and sbe, like the Teat, probably believed that she was ? dead. Gould it be David in disguise ? ?' What is she like ? Is she very tall, Ellen f' she asked, rather an xiously, ' No miss — not one bit taller than you. I couldn't see much ot ber face, as sbe wore a big hat and a veil. I asked her to tell me her name, but all abe aud was, ' Just say & friend wants to Bee her.' ' ' Thank you, Ellen,- 1 will go down ' stairs, jt replied Gwen, still/ wondering wbo hcae^vuitor could jbe, bat deter mined, if it was a ruseto get ber into Vrioe Hughes' power, to appeal to the ?quire. However, there was no help for it — phe must see the visitor ; so she went quickly down stair*. As she crossed 1 he hall, a terrible disad came into ber mind. What if thiB visitor was some one wbo had known the real Heather Baynes? Then she would indeed be in a fix. Not daring to dwell on the idea, lest she Bhonld not have courage to meet tbe stranger, Gwen hastened to wards the green room, and opening the door ahe entered, JSjis she did so a tall .girt atthe'ot≺ end of the (com roee, and advanced to meet her. fcwrthiwg tin the ftUi's movements Struck Gwen as familiar, and as the i ; . Btunger removed .bet Yinl, revealing V the features of BraUier Baynes, Gwen nt'.ered'a low seream.: v *' flush, don't be alarmed. I have . rome to helpycu,' said the other girl . qn'ckly. . SVw an instant Gwen stood looking v at her visitor in amazement, then, as 1 Hestber smiled pleasantly, she said : *' I believed you were -&ad; or else I ^onld not have taken your name and come here.' ' Hush, speak low. We must not , let anyone hear our conversation,' re plied Hestber. ' And as for using my bame and coming here/ why you did the very thing I had suggested, so I : ought to be the last to blame you.' « I don't understand. You appeared to be dead, and the doctor said you were. It is a mystery to, me,' said -Owen, still regarding her with a be wildered air. . . '. My dear girl, it was syncope. 1 i- told you that my hoari was weak, and the shock was too much for. me. The only wonder is that I did not die.' ''Still, I cannot understand how it is the revelation has not come 8op;ier, when you heard the name I -had given you,'' said Gwen. ' Oh, that is easily accounted for. To tell the truth I was surprised when I found I bad got a new name ; but I held toy tongue and listened to what the doc'.or and nurse had to say, and I soon got at the truth.' ' Did you not tell them anything,' asked Gwen, in surprise. ' No, why should 1 ? You were not used to working for your living — J had seen that— thai yo.i were with out references ; bo I decided to give you a chance. I know I could fight for myself.' Do you mean to say you were not \esed with me ?' '? I had uo reason to be, for I had myself suggested such a coinse, nev er dreaming that you would have the phanee to adopt it. Then you believed ine to be dead, and so yon were not intentionally injuring mo.' No., I would never havo done that., and I think if you knew all you would forgive me,' said Gwen. ' Perhaps I know more than you think, and really I was glad to help you. I have only one stipulation to make.' I will do anything that you with , 0,f course I know I shall have to ex plain the matter to Mrs. Melville, but perhaps she will not he very hard on me, as I havo tried to do my duty.' ' You will never tell Mrs. Melville with iny consent. No, the stipulation I have to make is that you retain my name and continue hero.' Gwen looked at her in amazement. ' Yon don't really mean it.' ' Of course I do. When I Knew nothing about you I was willing to help you. Now I have discovered that you are Gwendoline Ap Rhee.-, I am twice as anxious to serve you.' At tlie mention of her name Owen's face grow pale aud horror-stricken. Who told you that ?' she asked, in a terrified tone. ' I discovered it bit hy hit, and I mean to help you to get your lights. ]5ut first of all I must toll you where I am living and Heather explained bow sho had got the situation, also that she had been a witness of David Hughes' consternation tho previous day, adding the pleasant information that he hod left the neighborhood. ' I o,m glad he has gone ; hut I very much fear that his uncle will sus pect that I am alive, and try to dis cover where I am living,' said Gwen. . ' I don't think so. Your cousin quite believed that he had seen a ghost.'- Thut may bo ; but Price Hughes will bo more sceptical. I will tell you ?/ fll, andyou can advise me. Oh, I am so. thankful to feel 1 have one friend £ to whom I can talk,' exclaimod Gwen ^erventlp ; adding, ' Of course I shall ?fJwRjS think of Miss Holds worth ss a r lly. Mend, but I dare 'not communicate with her, aud as 1 must not stay, much longer away frotn my pupils, 4 will at once tell you tbe history of the past lew months.' Then Gwen related all, only sup pressing her lover's name, and Baying, that he was an artist. j ' What a Bad story I I cannot tell yon bow thankful I am that you managed to get here instead of nie. To make yon more comfortable, I will tell you that 1 really believe I am happier with my old lady, wbo isquitc a character in her way, than I should havo been teaching children. But about this rector— wben will ho be home?' ' Not until early in December.' ' And this is only the middle of October. Well, I suppose it will be wiser to wait ; but I vnll communicate with bim instead of you, and than there will be no danger of the writing being recognised.' ' Thank you, I am sure it willbe necessary to do everything to bailie my cousin and bis nncle, though I really fear tho latter tbe most,' said Gwen. ' Ycry well ; then for the next few weeks we must wait, and I will let you know if your cousin returns. And do be careful not to go outside the park alone.' ' I will be very careful. And now I dare not stay longer with you, but I never can thank you enough for your forbearanoe and kindness,' said Gwen. ' My dear, it has been a pleasure, and some day I will come for a nice long holiday to your pretty Welsh home.' ' Indeed you shall — tbat is, if I ever get it again, and I think I shall,' said Gwen, hopefully. ' Of course you will. And now to remember to tell Mrs. Melville tla, I am a Miss Blair — a friend from Lon don — tbat I had heard you were living here, so ventured to call. Oh, dear, dear, these fibs are very discomforting, but what can we do ?' said Heather, shrugging her shoulders. ' However we must lay them to tbo Hughes' account. And now, good- bye, dear. Be very watchful, and don't try to come to Bee me.' Then the two girls embraced each other, feeling like friends of a lifetime. As Gwen conducted Heather to tbe ball door they met Mrs. Melville, wbo appeared surprised ; but Gwen's brief explanation and introduction satisfied that lady,' and after a few gracious but condescending words she passed on. Gwen and Hestber looked comically at each other, ' If she only knew,' whispered Gwen as they shook hands. ' But she doesn't and must not,' said the other as she turned away and went rapidly along the drive, while Gwen returned to the schoolroom, feeling lighter hearted and more hope ful than sbe had dono for some time. [To be Continued.] 