THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. Our Weekly News-Budget. -Mr. B. Thomson ufkhecity dentist, will visit Mount Barker to-morrow afternoon. \- A. pigeon-shooting. match.for £15 will be contested! at Langhome'e GreCk ]on Friday, November 6. 3■ •' A plqasant afternoon was spent, by Mouqt Barkerites.pn, Shndayihlistening tothe music of tbeGatholio Band.. . ; 'The Mount J3arker:£ports on.-November 9 now. claim ,Jlie attention of athletes .who' intend to send-in nommations. The Mount Barker erick'eiem, whohnd an easy win over the'Stirling .Cdab' on 'Saturday, plavat Littlehsinpton-to-morrow. —QaJt affirma satirically that " Mount Bar kerisbein'g' paralysed >by '-.the visits of braBB •bands.-'-' - Teiy-witty •indeed: - ' - Mr. Johann A. Thiele, of Hahndorf, has applied to bring part section 2500, hundred of Monarto, under the Real Property Act. ™Tbe;Mob^ been granted aioan of£50 6s. iunder.lhe Vermin proof Fencing - Act, .tad -the Bremer Counoil one of £80. ' ^"Arrangemepts for the sports on November 9 will.bema.de at a meeting of the committee of the. Mount Barker Athletic Club this evening. .1 ' The Hon. F. W. Holder, M. P., will visit Moupt Barker! and tak| part in\tbe anni versary 'servicesuftlis Dunm-Memorial (Dhureh onSundvyand Monday next. | $ Several informations pgaiust ratepayers in the Nai^eSdisfecifq.r falling £0 carry-jon the work'-of rabbit destruction iiiU be heard at Jhe'Mount'B>rkerjOourtto-day. | » The Midland Land Board -will meet at Mannum^onFtiday, 30th-dost,, to doil with. Jaada-Jn'. the hundreds of Bowliill, Forster," Fisher, Finniss, Nildottie, Ridley, Angas,-' Fouhgbusband,- Mdbllong, andMonarto. "-^ThS*toanifoaV;ii^KinfgiiMp'lfciisbO connection" withvthe Hahndorf- Rifle Club is : announced1 to1 take place ion Monday, November..^fJknd« will^helJbllo wed „by,Jhe. usual public dinner and"b"Sll. " j At a cricket match at .Reynella on Sathfday ! Mr.Jamea "Eglihton]' a ioCBrstpifftejper,1 was | -struck in the face by abtdl]hnd the lower jaw.: was broken. The .sufferer has since made good progress towards "recovery from "the j painful'mishap. ]."■■" S-J- The Rev.:- John. Price, now of MUlswood, has beenyiaitii^ hu many, friends at tMount ^Barker andicd Tuesday evening J-preBidedatltlie unnai^betingpf^eM^tist pj^rutiah;^deaira^Bpmety, which hqhelpml | WSss.^&Srcntt; vrbofce lM^nr^pr,f^bol-. F^^it'^ad^r' last Friday evemDglwtt of^ramg^orm ation.will appear .at- WooiiBifie Iqn SMhrday, S undky ,-i*nd -Tuesday next in evangelistic,; temperano^«ndgenm,al addresses. ??Sie chdirof StSPeter's Cathedral contem pt atC-.yisiting Mount Barker on Saturday, November 7, and giving an entertainment in jthe iiwgiid^hBll^hfle^^Jbe following day, if,-.the. preaer)t -intention is -carried- out, they lie service at CbVist Chdrch. will assist in the 1 The ,"great success.of,, the excursion., from Balhannah to - Middleton - . Beach- by- special train last Saturday has led to suggestions that a similar outing might be arranged in the case ; of Mount Barker, and a project is already on foot to give the -children- of -I he -town -a-trip j to the seaside. . The Caledonian Society's Pipers' Band con- cert in the Mount Barker Institute-hall on Saturday evening, 31st inst., should be very successful. A good program of national songs, recitations, Highland music, and dancing has been arranged, and the bagpipes themselves should attract all the Scotch folk within a ten-mile radius. Master George Paltridge, eldest son of Mr. Harry Paltridge, of Mount; Barker, had the bad luck to be thrown from a pony last Satur- day night, and falling on his right elbow he sustained a broken arm. Dr. Hamilton set the injured limb, and Master George, who is now progressing well, is determined that if he ever gets bucked off again it will only be from the bounding bicycle. An entertainment in aid of the1 building; fund of the Lobethal Institute will be given ' in the local Alma Hotel on .Saturday evening' by. a "parliamentary oonoert troupe," in cluding three of -the Labor members .(Messrs.. Balohelor, Coheybeer, and McGregor), Next ] Wednesday evening a public meeting will be held at the Rising Sun Hotel, Lobethal, to ] decide on the site for the proposed institute- ' ■hall.. . .. ■ ' . In the Legislative Counoil7on Tuesday the ] Chief Secretary stated, in answer to .the Hon.' Ji L. Stirling's inquiry as to what-offers of j land suitable for workingmen'a: blocks in the vicinity of Strathalbyn had been made,,in 1 response to the Commissioner's advertisement,.! that four offers had been received—one of 53 acres, for £150; one of 100'acrev,at£2 10s.: per acre ; one of 80 acres, for. £800; and < another, without particulars, at £4 10s. per The ball at Hahndorf last Friday evening in connection with the local cricket club was '! a- great auooess, a good proportion of the ] dancers appearing in fancy dress, and the enjoy.ment;wa8 kept up. till the. early . hours.. The institute-hall was very tastefully deco rated with flags and evergreens. Miss Longston' and Messrs. O. Nitschke and j H. Sonnemann1 supplied the musio, and an excellent supper was provided by the Hahn dorf ladies. . , . Messrs. Hair & Sons, of Han man too, who have increased their record of prizes for poultry to-over 20b" awards at city and oountry shows, -have-beau doing brisk business-1 lately in the sale :of birds and eggs, and-in') foot have.epld mprethis season .then in ail the.] previous years during which they have been. poultry-farming. ' The Messrs. Hair should be J ready to admit the-benefits1 of advertising, seeing-that the inceease of trade has followed; upon their patronage of printers' ink.,. : The .half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of tlie Onkaparinga DairyProduce Company, will be held' in the "Wpodside Institute at! 3 o'clock ;on Saturday- afternoon, when a snggested alteration in the articles of assooia-' tion, providing- that at any poll every member | shall have one vote -for each share held by him, will be' enbmitted for approvaL ' The directors will present « 'report and- balance sheet, and the meeting will be- called upon to elect auditors for tbe.enaning year. . —♦— (From Our Own Correspondents.) Woodside, October 22. t)n-Saturday last Woodside looked quite deserted, nearly everyone having taken -the opportunity jaf a; cheap, trip to the. seaside] Early in the. morning vans, and other .vehicles | conveyed-the pleasure- seekers to Balhannah, the Children (who, owing to the libbrality of friends, went free). rolling up in-great force, and later in :the flay it was'-hard >to realize that1 it was.not an ordinary school^ day,.as the email boy is particularly in.,evidence ,on Saturday. A merry day wsie spent .at Middleton] while -agood • number - went us -far as .'Port Victdtf, and about .8? o'clock "in the evemngthepicniekera^raturiied. toWoo3side^< thorpu gh ly' ti red out, the query of the youth-. who hadn't lbean^-" Why ain't .you a-Vhoutih'; and singin' ? "failing to elicit a reply. Late oh -'Saturday 'nig!it"«hd' on - -Sunday ] morning .we had-a most welcome rain, and,! although: perhaps not enough to suit all, the 1 farmers and: others-were highly gratified. as ; it was'needed badly, and already it has put]a new complexion on the district. —♦— Cooke's Plains, October 21. The Rev. John Nairn delivered his popular1 recital, '.' The . Starling," here on Saturday ] everting. The building was packed with; appreciative hearers, who.thoroughly enjoyed ; the. entertainment. Mr. TSairn preached' oh j Siinday morning to a good congresatiori.: The proceeds of the recital, amounting to-£3 lis., will be spent in reward books for the] Sunday- school children.. The continuous dry weather we have ex-ij perienced of late has almost completely "dried!] up the little feed we have. - Some of -the] ■mall patches of crop, which were sown for hay will pot be worth Cutting. —♦— Mannum, October 21. . Last week a rumor was current in.the] district that a ghost had made its appearance] in our little town, and many were' the' eager] enquiries for a.fewflaysabont its doings and; wanderings.' -1 was utterly- puzzled until rone > day a German farmer .came to me, saving,' "What about this Gespenst (ghost) you have in Mannum? " I replied that I bad heard a great deal about it, but-did not know how the rumor originated.' He replied,," What, you don't know anything "about it P . I am told it was for two nights in the institutelast "week." This opened hiy eyes, and T said, "No ; that-was no Gespenst—that Was Miss O. H. Spence, of Adelaide, delivering; lectures .here, which yon ought 'to "have! attended." vLast week a gentleman hailing from the] Hills had a rather unpleasant experience while travelling on one of our steam-launches ] met"**"-'' on the riv/r*^2nig'htllaone'- ^t «ppear* he~lift3 bad a little nap, when,~euddenly waiting up, he somehow TeU-overboard; and -the ohock he "'received cah better beimagined than described. .It.was a very-dark night, and those on board at onoe started to search for the " man over board^1, but nothing could be seen or heardrof j him; htad feara were entertained for his safety, I jas be "had all bis clotbes on. ■'■■ However, after a longftimB relief, came to all , in; the; shape of; a loud 41 halloo11 from .the river bank, to J which the suddenly-awakened sleeper.rhad struck out bb soon as ho found himself lu the water, thedistance to-thebank beingover i 100 ya?ds. : , •; •- ■■■. ■ •... ' Last-Sunday anniversary services were neta,, inthe Primitive Methodist Church, when the] Sev. B>.' Jackson preaohedtolarge congrega-1 tionVin th^ mbruing/afternoon, an'd'-evening. In the morning the members ofthe local j JTriehdlj Societies attended in regalia.; The. fearricea were continued last evening, when a j public meeting, took place in the church. There has again a very good attendance, oyer [ which' Mr. J.-SijUnies presided, and addresses'1 Were delivered by the; Bevs. B. Jackson and | Hughes, the captain of the Salvation Army,-] and .'.Mr* C, F.; ^apk«. Th® 7*?1 thoroughly enjoyed iby all present,. ana' a:j supper followed. . : ; Now that; Teed for", horses and oat tie is:BO ! scarce, with ;every appearance of bring.more: so, the thought forces itself upon us that ^ more might be done ..by means of irrigation I along the river, as it is well known . that I maize, grows splendidly here. IHaye'j seen aoine 12 ft. High* bud there are many 1 spots "suitable for it, the only drawback: being j the. initial expense..bnt-'that would-apon be, repaid. I fully believe the time will -come whfen we 'shali see a thriving'population along the river -banks,' when a small plot .will be worth Hundreds of acres of the baok country, and the fartnei* will be. independent of the small rainfall. .The. sooner^ the .work ;of; iirrigating is^staricd the better it will be.. ,Toq lit&e; rigwutfeta hM thus fair been pajd Jiy thel ^e^slMS^W WSter hori'servatioti', WHleh ih tf*j country likj^ppra should be one. of the most J .important jquCstions. .Although we hear can didates express themselves favorably in regard j to this question when they are on the hustings . We hear no more of it until they come round agaih." " ' ' ' ■ j have hadan- opportunity of. inspecting some peas grown with the aid,of irrigation by Mr. F.E. Schuetze."' The stems are fully 8 | feet high and are loaded with well-filled pods, With as many as 12 peas-iii one pod. They are quite a sight to behold. Mr. Schuetxe.isl nowerectinga plant .capable' of. pumping ] 11,660 gallons of water per hour, and he I intends to onltivate suihmer fodder. It is, to | be hoped that others will follow his good example. —♦— Lobethal, October 21. \- One ofthemost enjoyable day's outings ever: taken part in was that of last Saturday, when >' g whole host 'oF the good folks here attended I the • Oddfellows' ' Picnic , at Middleton.. Owing to the kindheBs of bur parliamentary ! representatives in both Houses enough money pu forthcoming to enable the school-children Who so desired,, to travel free of cost, and something like 40; availed themselves of the privilege; The-feeling here generally is that a trip to the seaside is -far and away prefer able toriby local, d>ionic. -The thanks of the district are certainly doe to Mr. J, D. John aton, of OaVbsnk, by whose instrumentality the affair was arranged. —♦— Kanmantoo, October 22. ' . The anniversary services of the -local Primitive -Methodist Church were held last:) Spnday and Tuesday. , Mr. T. A. Moore, of Adelaide, preachedtwo excellent sermons on Sunday to good congregations. On Tuesday a public entertainment took place, when an excellent , program was: gone through as follows;—Chairman's remarks, Mr. T. W Maeklin, J.P., of Nairne ; song, Mrs. piiffleld ; recitation, Gordon Wiltshire • ' duet, Miss Lewis and Miss Trimper; recitation, Harold Wiltshire ; - song,: Mr. H. Duffield dialogue, TJaWesley friends;' song, Miss Trimpei-; recitation, May Bennett; duet, the. Misses Lewis and Trimper; reading, Boy. W. T. ! Wiltshire j song, Mr. Phillips;' round, the Misses' Lewis and Trimper (2) ; dialogue, Mr. H. Duffield and. company..: The entertain- .■ ment;. .which wsb.-largely . attended, was followed by "a well--patronized knife-and-fork supperj —♦— Victor Harbor, October 22. : The Wilcannia took away a large quantity of wool * yesterday, and anptlier 'boat is ex pectedTo-morrow. ' ~ ? 4^verylenjojablo social was held m"the * Institute bn Tuesday evening laBt in aid of j the funds of St. AugUBtine's Church. Dancing I and yoebl-and. instrumental music formed the:] principal part of the program, and it - was nbariv midnight before the party broke up. ,1 The' weatber has been very hot and dusty, ' but tofday it is cool, and light Showers are. falling/ ; . j The Port Elliot Agricultural and .Horti cultural Society's Show is being held to-day, and judging by the number of people who have already arrived and the excellent display] of cvhihits it bids]fair to be a great euocess. ' —♦— Strathalbyn, October 22. Very i sincere regret was expressed yesterday by the friends of Mr. James Stoner when it. was known that a seriouB accident had befallen . him. Mr. Stoner (a very old resident of our | town and a trusted employe on the Burnside Estate) was thrown from his horse and - rendered : unconscious, receiving internal | injuries of such, a nature as to render his [recovery almost hopeless. It is surmised that the hone rolled over him. He was not picked 'up uiitil some Hours after the acoident | [happened. Br. Shone attended the injured [man and ordered his removal to the Adelaide i Hospital. , On the 9th of November we are'tp.receive.] a viaitTrom the Cathedral Choir, the members I of which will gi vea concert in the institute-hall. iThe musical treat iu store for us is looked forward to with much pleasure by a large section of our community, and a bumper house is anticipated. On. Tuesday evening we Had a visit from Miss Murcutt, colonial organizer, of the W.C.T.tJV Western Australia was the theme. The lady was listened to most atteotivdy throughout the lecture, which was illustrated by lautern views. The attendance was very small. Still we continue to supply West Australia with our young blood. Mr. W. S. McCallum is advertising His stock and-dairy cows. havlug made up his miud to migrate. —♦— Langhorne's Creek, October 22. It is with deep regret that I have to report the death of one of our oldest and most esteemed residents, Mrs. Henry Powell, who succumbed last Sunday week to an attack of congestion of the lungs accelerated by chronic asthma. A colonist of 46 years, the greater portion of which time was spent in this district, the deceased lady had endeared herself to all with whom she came in contact by her sterling qualities and kindly character. Four sons (Messrs. George and Harry Powell, of Broken Hill, and Messrs. Frederick and Friend Powell, or this town- ship) and four daughters ([Misses E. and H. Powell and Mrs. W. Gould, Wolsley; and Mrs. W. Craig, Mount Barker. The deceased lady was a sister of Mr. G. E. Cleggett, of Langhorne's Creek, Mr. Friend Cleggett, of Bordertown, Mr. John Cleggett, late of Mount Barker, and Mrs. T. Jones, of Mount Barker. The remains were inferred in the local cemetery on Tuesday, 14th inst. A large number assembled to pay the last tribute to the memory of the deceased. A serious accident happened to Mr. James Stoner; -of this . township, on. Wednesday morning.- Mr. Stoner, who is employed on the Burnside Estate and has charge of the Lake properties, was proceeding in the early morning to the Head . Station by way, of Bletcliley, . and when, within half-, a mile of the Bi&eiyi; Ghapblf the Horse' took Jright, swerving and galloping'' straight into the 'wire fence. The rider was found about three liqora: later;: by Mr. George jCleggett,' juu-t who immediately got the assistance of Messrs. F. end J. Natt to.convey the injured, gentle man-'home. Dr.; Shone was telegraphedJor and [after examination, decided to send -the suffi^er straight away to the Adelaide Hos pital .... . .. Speculation is an attempt to graft poverty with the wings of riches ; and the speculator and the inventor of the flying machine hit the earth with equal eelerity. Included in an assortment of printed docu ments received from the " Clerk ofthe'Hduae of Assembly is the " Beport of the Inter colonial Stock Conference" held in Sydney last August, at which the ^Minister of Education an'd^Al^caltoreiwaii? the delegate on bplif of' Sputp Ai^rs^a. ^Appended.to tlie/jm^rt is h l&rge; map: of Queeneland, sl^^ingl^hegtick^i'ested^TOantry and the qnaranfiinff hnnndariftH, fru ■* pi"1 of the pastoral-leases - -and- -claims- -in-tbe Northern Territory. 