A POLITICAL SKETCH. Scene—The Premier's Room. (Sir J«ha F. and the Att. Gen. reading tk» COOLGARDIE MINER.) (By " U.,") A. Forrest (enteiv).—Halloa I I am rather surprised to fi»d you leading that insolent and revolutionary rag. 1 suppose it contain* another violent attack on the Governme»t and the six families. Bir J.—This rag, as you call it, appears t» stir up your bile, Alec. Well! 1 raustjcomfess 1 have no strong affection towards i». but still it seems to me that abuse is not th* weapon to scorch it with. It's guiding spirits are no fools, and 1 am fullv conridM* that we can only extract its sting by m- tempt or reason. Att. Gen.—I agree with you, Sir John, except so far as you think we can destroy it» power to injure us by contempt. Contempt, can only destroy the offspring of petty AM unreasonable minds, or which depend on the passions of the ignorant for their birth and vital force; but in this case we have M organ disseminating principles and making demands founded on reason and appealing t» reason. A. F.—Well. I never thought the poison od the rag would infect the miuds of you tw*. Why I It has always attacked both of yo«ic the most insolent and blackguardly fashion : and yet you not only allow it to live, but actually take it in and read it, instead «i using your best endeavors to run an Act through Parliament for its suppression. At any rate, even if you desert me, I will »ot flag in trying to preserve the colony for the old hands, and prevent those blackguards who have rushed our gold fields from getting any power irto their hands. Sir John.—That i& just where your error lies, Alec. It grieves me equally as mucb w you to see the old order of things, under which we had more than regal power, die away. But this rag, as you call it ha* written with such good effect in its advocacy for the rights of manhood and the care that should be shown by Governments, that it» followers, consisting of nearly the whole population of the gold-fields, will in a very short time make certain demands, and theslightest hesitation on our part in granting them will cause an appeal to the Home Government. Ait. Gen.—And if such an appeal is mads, 1 must say, after reflection on the subject, that the British Government will have n« other course left open but to say to theappellants, " Yes, by all means, govern yourselves. The W.A. Government has neglected you in every way ; it has shown the utmost unconcern for your wants, nay, even for yonr lives ; has taxed heavily all that you eat and drink, for no other purpose but to heap up & big surplus to spend around Perth and ite neighbourhood. In fact, all that it has done or left undone, it has shown itself unworthy to have you and the riches you have won uuder its rule, and accordingly we have n* hesitation in granting you what you «o reasonably ask—separation, and power to govern yourselv< s." A. F. - Such sentiments .coming from you, Mr. Attorney, break my heart, but it's all this cursed paper. It may be that I hart been living so long iu the ODe groove, seeinp myself with a gnsp on every bit of money in the country, and the cor.trolling spirit of every financial entsrprise, that I can't even think of a change. But. I am fully convinced that if we ran tliut the mouth of that Mint, which :s infusing its venom with such deadlv effect to un, we will be alright. 'Jhe crowd on the goldfieMs wrn't stop to think for themselves : tin y are too i>ent on making money to have any spare time fer political refk'eiion, ami the voting powi-r along the hwi-bo: i\l will always be strong enough to krep us in power. fcir. J.—But you haven't solved the pro. blem of how to shut the pap'rs mouth. The freedom of tke press is a thing that took to* long to build up, and has proved itself te* mighty a boon to be shattered by any British Government. Ait. Gma.—Even the hint of such a thiij would bring about the explosion we so much fear *nd the map of Australia would require revision for the purpose of placing a sixth colony on it. Alec F.—T«f, I see we are not : all-powerfnl new. I have been blitd to the change that hae conae «pon us. Our will is no longer law and this paper could snap its finger* at any vielent proceedings on our part. Ooe power alone ie left to solve the problem, the power of money and I will start at once to buy the whole concern, and then change its form. Of course everything said to-day is between ourselves, I am p easei tosee that you possess as bitter a feeling towards this paper and the people who come here just to exploit out country and clear out when they are glutted as I hare. The oely difference "between us ifi that your eyes have been opened a little earlitr to the passing away of our power.. Adieu ! we haven't thrown up the ghost yet.* The conversation here clrsed, and though secrecy was skipulated, the ubiquitous pressntan keawl it and has no scruples about giving it it to the world. An authority estimates that there at leapt £50,000,000 invested in England in various kinds of cold and silver ornaments. Baron Hirsch has thus far sent about 4000 Russian Hebrews to the Argentine Republic, and hopes to have a Hebrew community t-W-n rfnr^on ---i-,. ' 