CIiutcIi of Esgla&&. (From a Correspondent.) Whit Monday, 1896, has marked a red letter day in the history of the Anglican Church at Guyra. For some weeks past residents have been looking forward with interest to the laying of the foundation block of the new church, and great pre parations were made accordingly to spend the day in a befitting manner. The cold, inclement weather of the two preceeding days tended to damp the hearts of all, and Monday was anxiously looked forward to. However, although the day brokel misty, later on the weather was all that could be desired. A commencement was made in the day's proceedings by a celebration of Holy Communion in the old galvanised iron church of St. James. An address, appropriate to the occasion, was delivered by the Right Bev. Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, reviewing the past history of the church. The Ten. Archdeacon Boss, D.D., acted as epistoller. After the cele bration of Holy Communion luncheon was provided by the ladies of the district, and an adjournment then made to the site of the new church, where about 150 persons were assembled. The service here was commenced by singing hymn 439 A. and M., followed by an interesting address on tbe service which w&b; being commemorated, and with special reference to the number of new churches at present being erected in the diocese. At; the conclusion of the address the 'service was proceeded with. The scroll was read by Mr. Hilder, as fol lows :— " In the name of tbe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost—Amen. "This foundation block of the Chnrch of St. James, Guyra, was duly laid on May 25,1896, Whit Monday, by the Bight Bev. Arthur Vincent, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, in the third year of the consecration of tbe said Arthur Vincent, third Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. " Clergy present: Tbe Venerable James Boss, D.D., Archdeacon of Armidale; Mr. G. D. Hilder, reader in charge of the mis sion district of Guyra. " Churchwardens: William E. B. Webb and William Moore." The scroll was placed in a glass jar, to-: gether with the latest issues of the Bio cesan Hews, Armidale Expebss, and Ar midale Chbokicle, and then placed in the cavity prepared for it. After being secured the block was placed in position and de-' clared well and truly laid by his lordship the Bishop. The Ten. Archdeacon Boss then addressed the assemblage, referring to the first service conducted by him at Guyra, also paying a graceful tribute to the memory of the late Bev. Jas. Jones, also the work done during the period that Mr. Hilder has been in charge of the dis trict. During the service, hymns 394 and 215 were sung. The offertory taken up and placed on the block amounted to £5. The new building, when completed, will be 32 feet by 16, walls 10 feet six inches high, and estimated to cost JE12G. Seating accommodation will be provided for 80 per sons. At night a concert was held in the School of Arts in aid of the building fund, and for the success attending tbe entertainment we are indebted to the ladies and gentle men who came forward from Armidale. Several local residents had promised assist ance, but at the last moment 6ent in apo logies or failed to appear. The following programme was gone throngh:—Musical selection. Miss Trim; song, " Drifting Away," Mrs. Dewar; solo, "The Death less Army," Mr- H. Weaver; solo, " Old and Hew," Miss Mann; song, " Oh, Promise Me," Mr. A. Curtis; song, with guitar accompaniment, " Te Banks and Braes," Mrs. Boss; piano and violin se lection, Misses Trim and Weaver; song, " Listening," Miss Mann; song, " Beauty's Eyes," with piano and violin accompani ment, Mr. H. Weaver ; song, with guitar accompaniment, "Trocbia," Mrs. Boss; song, "Come into the Garden, Maud," Mr. A. Curtis; piano and violin selection, Misses Trim and Weaver. Before closing, Mr. Hilder announced that tbe day's re ceipts amounted to .£13, and stated that the new church would probably be opened on the 28th June by the Ten. Archdeacon of Armidale, and as far as the present work was carried the building would be opened free of debt. The entertainment was brought to a close by singing the " na tional Anthem." 