THE CUSTER MASSACRE. It was in January 1876 that Gkns. Custer, Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against the Sioux in Montana. At Rosebud on the Yellowstone, Terry estab lisned a camp and Custer kept on the search for redskins. Crook was detained in another direction, which left Custer with a small force of men. Old Sitting Bull was the medicine man of the Sioux and gave them advice as to what they should do. On June 25, Custer ptruck Sitting Bull's trail and followed it into the Little Big Horn valley. Custer expecting a battle detached Major Reno with seven companies to cross the Little Big Horn river, and attack the enemy from tha west. Custer dashed off to the right, Reno was on the left and Benteen m the centre! Custer soon disappeared in the valley and immediately after Reno and Benteen were surrounded by Ind:.-.- s and for 24 hours they fought desperately : . tinst over whelming odds. While Reno and ) ?- men were bittling for their lives they heard l»nng in the direction taken by Custer. It only lasted a few minutes and then ceased. Then Terrv arrived from the Yellowstone camp and Reno's com mand was saved. The Indians had all dis appeared before Terry arrived. A search was then made for Custer. He was soon found dead with his men. Major lieno was tried by Court Martial for failing to support Custer, He was a ruined man, but there have always been doubts as to the justness of his puuishment, for it-is thought by many that Reno did well to save his command from massacre. And many people were not slow in blaming Gen. Custer for dashing into the trap he did,' when by a little strategy he might have given battle to the reds and inflicted a severe punishment upon them. But he waited for no one and some who knew him well say that his; desire to win all the glory for Custer, led him ta charge the enemy instead of waiting for Reno., But, who can tell ? Caster died and not one of his brave band was permitted to escape to tell the history of that -rh'rge. Such is the brief history of the Custer massacre. It is many years now siur.e that desperate charge was made by Gener.U Custer, and during those years I met with men who had visited the' Custer battle field. I also met a number of Sioux who were in the battle, and from differ ent sources 1 picked up all the information I could in relation to the massacre. Some years ago I met Frank Yates, an Indian agent. Frank had a brother in the 7th Cavalry (Ouster's regiment) who died by Coster's side. When I saw Yates he had charge of old Rain in-tbe-Face, a chief who took the lead in the Custer massacre. Rain-in- the-Face was the Indian who, after the battle,, cut ont Tom Ous ter's heart, and bit a piece out of it. Tom Custer was a brother of Gen. Custer, and when Rain-in-the-Face cut his heart out he was ful filling a vow. Some time before the Sioux went on the warpath, Tom Custer had struck Rain in-the-Face for some trivial matter. The old Indian looked him in the face and said : ' Tom Custer, I will cut your heart out for that some day.' fie kept his tow. Gen. Cir'r's body was nut mutilated, and bis death r - sudden for he was shot in the head. Another story of the ?nassacre which, was told to me by Yafc s, who got its from the Indians, was tl.at of a soldier who was with Custer wbjeu they charged thei Indians. When this soldier saw that they werei in a trap, he wheeled his horse and dashed awayi toward the open valley. Several Indians fol-j lowed him and he finally gave up all hope and] drawing a pistol he shot himself in the head.', ' The Indians declared to Yates that tho soldier/ bad a better horse than any of theirs and thatj they were just going to give up the chase whenl they saw the fleeing man shoot himself. But let us not call it a battle, for it was simply a massacre. Lately there has been a number of stories published in record to Custer, aud among them is one related by a soldier who was left behiml with Beuteen when Custer started off to. find Sitting Bui!. This soldier says that he-was one of the first men to reach the Custer battle field, and from the signs which he saw he came to the conclusion thst Custer and his men were not given a chance to strike one blow. The men lav in rows upon the ground, -and they had evidently fallen together. They rode into the very group of the Indians, who were concealed not fifteen feet away when they poured a volley into the little bind which; literally melted away like smoke before a breeze. Custer's cavalry, the Seventh regiment, was . always the bitterest foe of the fcioux. The. Seventh had harassed the Iudians for years andi the Indians were glad of a chance to wipe out v third of the entire regiment. Years after when; the ghost dancing began, and the Sioux war broke out at Pine Ride agency, the Seventh was, again sent into the field to facs their old foes, and it was then the old Seventh came very near being annihilated. The regiment was :?urrounded. and actually being overwhelmed by numbers when the lileventh arriv-sil and saved tho old! regiment. And the regiment which came to the rescue was a negro regiment. : Recent nurveys show that one-sixth of the State of Oregon, something over 10,000.000. acres, is covered with derse forests. A species ot minute Brazilian spider spins webs so fine that it takes 4,00C- of them twisted together to equal the diameter 4f .-» human hair. The mortality among cattle at St :i ? resultir.g from cruelty, want of water, &e.;, wus formerly put down at sixteen per cent., vtUiie at iLe ;-;c-'-eu(. titiu- it Is one per cent. 