POOR JULIANA. Juliana was one year old. There wm nothing phenomenal about that. Every man and woman In the world has been one year old ence, She was Booking her thumb, and n peculiar osrewora look was on her Bmall unbabylsh brow, A philosopher of babies might have said ?he was seeing the long long way her soul had come to this email unhandsome habita tion-and worrying over the dark steep paths It had to ollmb, this house upon iti baok, ier perhaps fifty, sixty, or seventy years, «b mortals count them. He might hava found that her soul waa objeoting to this accommodation or that tho infant house woe warring dismally over this usurping tenant. \- Howsoever that might be, Juliana was very sad, and after much thumb suoking, ?he uttered a dismal little wail and screwed up her eyes from tho light. " It almost seems as if Bhe is orying over her mether'o broken heart," said Jullana'n mother tremulously. "Pish I Tnah i Tush I" stld Juliana's father. "God knows I need some one to weep with me over my misery-my Borrows-my loneliness 1" " Drivelling luuaoy 1" exclaimed the man. But Juliana wept again, a shrill tearless wail. " Only hear her!" said the mother-" it Is net a baby'a ory-listen," "It Is not!" said the father-'"it's a night owl'a-an expiring pig's-a curlew's shriek." "You do not deserve to be a father or a husband. I wish to heaven there was a law to forbid men from being Members of Parliament." The man smiled. Then he crossed th9 room and put his hand on her beautiful arm, gloved part its elbow in best kid and adorned at iter wrists with bangles. He smiled indulgently, for her petulanoe waa pretty, h9r tear-wet eyes like brilliant ?tars, and her quivering mouth quite lovely. "I wiah I oould ile-almost 1" she said, " Sou baby I Men must work and wemen must play. Come I will take you to your party then," . " I only want to oreep Into a oorner and be alone I" she said, but she fluffed her elda hair into new little ourlB In a business-like way, and regarded her billowy silken train over her shoulder. " That is all I want, too," said her hue band, and he twirled the flowing ends of his moustache and settled hia cravat, And Juliana walled bitterly. Juliana was ten years old and her soul and body were still sparring, Her imagination, whioh must pass, for, ?ay, the garden of her soul-her imagination vu a serpentining wilderness ia which wandered ghosts and gobllna and giants, fairies, elfa, and imoB, prince*, kings, and queen*, Bat for all that aha was lonely. Her pinsfared body was badly developed, her stockinged legs tb,in an two little atlotsa, her h»ir dark oa midnight with a storm in it, her eyes bine with the sunshine oat of them, She was not pretty, and she wns very shy. "Suoh a strange ohlld/' people said. '"She never oomos to your knee. Ton clo not want to kiss her. She ia her own grand* mother !'* " If I had a little onddleaome child, Qod kaows I oonld be a better woman," said Jaltanaa mother-"as it is, things are hardening me, A man cannot love his wife and tho world. Things are hardening sno« From a oorner Juliana looked up. Tho dask was round her thickly, and she was ten to-day. She poshed her new blrthdny doll behind her and okaped a flabby rng ene, close. "My little onddlesomo ohlld !" she salcl; " things are hardening me-oh, my cnddlc aome ohlld 1'' She Bpoke in the tlnieBt of whispers and laughed softly into the rag face, " People thiak I am happy," said her mother. "No," said a beautitul girl, who was Jaliana's youngest aunty, "No. They think yoa want thorn to think you ate happy." "They think I am hard and cold and heartless," 41 No. They only say yoa and Walter are badly assorted 1 And they know Juliana is a disappointment to yon." " Jniiana 1" The bell«toned voioe rang into the dim owner and the little girl pressed the bnnoh of rasa close to her narrow small cheat. " 1 conld bear it better," said her mother if Walter would help me, if she Is cay ohlld, the ia his also-yet he always oauta her in my teeth," The beautifal aunt laughed, "Yoa oan retaliate,"ohe said. " Oh, 1 do 1 you may bo sure. At flra'i I used to bear and bear, now-well, yesterday ho met her in the otreet near the front door -I wonder he know her. ' Oannofc you keep your beautiful daughter in a more promi nent plaoe than on the front doorstep ?' he £aid. I was vexed, too, for he had brought Arthur Carew home with him. ' If she wore aniue alone 1* I said, ' I should be mtioh ateraer. Remembering how muoh of her is Joura I am less exacting and sorrier for or.'" <" She is quite intelligent ?" " "She oan read anything, her nurse tolls me. What dees that matter! Walter calls her Mucklo*muuth I" "Why, he must have been reading Browning!" Juliana b room was dark. \- Clara the nursemaid had just snuffed the Handle. In the heavens all the golden lamps were alight and a small, friendly moon was amiling. " When poopla grow tip, Clara," asked the ltttlo girl, " do they get; suddenly differ* ent!'* "Now, Mian Juliana, yon go to sleep." " When I am grown up. how shall 1 have got different I'' " Different ? Now, yoa say your' Gentle Jesoi.1" "Oh, Ol&ra;, do tell me, Children are some people, and grown>up people are other people, aren't they; how do they oome ?o'l" "Grown-up people are only Children bigger and older." Cltra spoke like a philosopher. "Bat me?'' asked the email, young -oh lid "Yoa? You'll grow a bit older, and nnaybe a bit bigger every day; and then at 'last they'll put yon In a long dreai, and : you'll be a woman. Now my your' Gentle .Jeana'" - " I won't aay it to-night," said the child. u Go away-go away-go away," ClaTa went, laughing. There was a warm spot in her heart fev the wayward, ugly child, Sometimes Bhe would hit her, and some* times she would hiss her. Semetimep, talking to otherB, she woald tap her forehood where a frizz/ fringe Jay, and nod towards Jaliana. That being in terpreted into Clara's words meant "Hash I- little pitchers 1 There's no taking her in, I can tell yoa !' Bat BometlmeB she woald talk to her quite affably, and treat her as an equal and «friend. To-night the waters went over Juliana's goal. " We've always got to be ourselves !" she oried. "Oh, Caroline 1* Caroline WBB the rag doll, and she sub mitted to a passionate embraoe. Perhaps her sonl, too, was a-weary of Its poor, un lovely habitation. Presently there eame a softened tread apon the stairs, a hand apon the door- the rustling of a dress. "Why, that's mamma I" cried Juliana, choking down a tearleis sob. Her eyes stared through the darkness wonderingly, They a»w a tall, beautiful figure cross the floor by the foot of Clara's bed, and oome close te her own small, white one. They *aw a white faoe, white arms, white nook «nd abonlders. Very often they had seen so mnoh through the crack of a door, or over the banisters j very seldom, indeed, in this top-story bedroom. Then a new, Btrange thing happened. The white hands otrayed over the sheet, and drew her own little, dark head till It rested on the soft, rounded arms; straying ringed .fingers smoothed her pillow-tossed hair. The soft, carving lips Btooped down and pressed her own unlovely mouthi '.My baby!" whispered her mother's voloe-"Juliana I" With passionate swiftness Juliana's thin, little arms went round her mother's soft " Momma ?" she said quaveringly. "Jaley 1-little girl! Would te God you had never seen the light. Juley-my one ohild-you leve mat&ma; ?" " Yea," 8aid Juley, breathing hard. '1 You will always love mamma!-always. Kiss me-soft, little mouth. Oh, my God! Baby's oheeks so soft. Oh, you poor little baby mite. Kiss me, Juley lM » > i . t t . lb was hoars afterwards, and Juliana was waked suddenly. She was too dazed to remember the marvellous happening of a while ago. A oaudle was flaring wildly upon the ohest of drawers ; thick streams of wax ran down its sides, The deor was wide open, the moon still smiling through the window. Juliana liked to see Clara's carl-papered head hobbing round the room, and instead she found her father standing there at the bed-foot-arms folded aoross hia ohest, eyes fixed gloomily on her. Juliana watohed him silently. " My God 1" he orkd, and flung out an arm-" Why didn't I shoot them both V At this Juliana shivered, and thrust the clinging Caroline into safety lower dewn between the sheets, She looked at her father through half olosed lids. Sleep seemed a refuge to her now that she was awoke. She had always feared this great, strong father of hers. He came donor, stooped over, and her faoo went white as wax, " She had no mother-love in her 1" he orled. "Her only ohild-puny, half deformed-and sho could leave her, God, why didn't I shoot t" " Suoh women are not worth shot 1" said the sharp voice of his mother-" and I will take the ohild 1" JaHana wag eighteen years eld, and grown up, That la to say, she wore long dresses and walked sedately. Her face was not pretty. It was thin and pale, with dark, eager, earnest eyes, heavy brows, and 6 month so large that ahe blamed It for her leas ol the taste of life's sweet cess. At eighteen the apple of Paradise wab placed within her re&oh;, and ahe saw life newly. In midnight sllenoes she dreamt fair waking dreams, and In the morning, havlnv seen her faoe in the mirror, she went away, and straightway forgot what manner of faoe it was. " It was the sweetest little faoe In the world," Bho was t jld. That was one evening, when the moon shine was whitening her grandfather's homeBtt»ad, and filtering through tree branohes to her own little figure* enfolded by a dark-aleeved aim. And in the kind moonlight it was sweet. Her Bonl lay in her eyes, a soul that had known the dark ways of pain, and w&s; groping amazodly into ounahlne. Her dark hair framed her little, thin faoe, shadowed her forehead, and fell loosely round her shoulders, for her baok was curved and ugly, and she need her hair as a kindly screen to hide her deformity. It was lier one beauty. " The loveliest hair I have ever seen 1" said the voioe of the soothsayer, whom the wioked little love-g d had blindfolded, It is only a tangle of blaoknoBs," said Juliana, who knew it was beautiful. '1 Biook hair and bine eJOB-that iB beauty. Tell me your f SOB is not lovely 1" But she did not, for she knew that it waB pitifully plain, " Oh!" ahe begged, 11 do not love me for my lookBj" " I do not, I would love yon if yon were m Eiqulmaur. Only I oannob help being glad for your faoe 2" The little ohuokling love-gnd tightened Iris bandage. It must hare struck him that tie had oome across something very good in the way of a joke. .' My name is horrible," said the girl, " It was my mother's. She was a most iieautlful woman-it always seems to mook me." But she had drawn nearer, and kissed passionately, " So yon love me J-do yea love me, Juliana ?' " Yes," Bhe said, sedately, " Ob, yon little cold creature ! Yon don't know what love is, I wake in the night times, seeing your beautiful eyes-your dear soft mouth. I trudge for miles and miles to tire out my lenging for you,' You will never know what love like mine is." " Lo 'k how ugly I am," Bhe said, raising a woeful little faoa, " Oh, do see 1" He looked lovingly, and drew her nearer. She drew baok her hair. " You muBt, you shall knew," she weni pn, feverishly, "even my own father and mother oould not love me. My mouth is ugly !?" he kissed It. " My baok is bent 1" -he stroked it. " It is you, yoa I love i" he said-" Yon I shall love for ever." ' " Love ia not (or yes/' , said her grand mother, who waa a Stoio-s«yeamast put it away." " I would rather die," said the girl, monotonouily. The old woman looked at her. In spite of her years, she knew that love waa the essence of being, and not a raiment to be onst away, worn out or out-grown. " He has only seen you of ail womankind tor six months," ahe said. " Send him away for a month, and wait. Your love will only ourao him-you must let him go," . I . I I 1 . Juliana waB nineteen. She wore her hair drawn tightly baok, revealing the deformity it had BO kindly concealed. Her Bweeteat consolation was the thought that .' no life lives for ever." .' Tou havo done ydur duty," her grand mother said-but she *ras a Stolo, and, looked upen BuoceBefal performanoe as aiiffioient reward, Juliana learnt to pray the praver of the courageous-that her baok miuht atraightly carry its burden; not as the half courageous say-that tho burden might be proportioned to the baok. She was nineteen, and alone. She looked baokward over a stretch of lovely sorrow* ful years, and forward over a dark sea of them. But under a face drilled cold, were all the emotions and tortures of yoath, with ita blood on fire. He came back to her at l&Bt.; There was a flower in his button-hole, and his face waa sunburnt and oomely. Hers waa qaifce white, and her eyes were oold. For awhile they talked trivialities with an eagerness almost desperate. Then Juliana turned to him suddenly. " There is something you have oome to tell me," she aaid quietly. " What is it 1" He laughed uneasily. " I suppose there is," he said. " Well, tell me." She folded her thin hands together tightly. " Tou remember sending me away," he began haltingly ; "you remember how gener ous yau were when-when-I thought I loved yon." " All love Bhould lie proved-that was not generous," Bhe said, sententlously. " What la she like ?" He looked up gratefully. " You gaesa I" he said, " I never oould hide things from you." He watohed her with furtive admiration for her nrind'a keenness. " When is it to be-or has it been !" she ABkddi " I have net spoken yet," he said, with a moat boyish expression of frankness- the clear opea Jooi that had first won hor heart. " What is »he like ?" asked Jallanaj with sadden gentleness. " She la an angel," he said enthudaa tio ally, Juliana lived to be quite old, and age did not improve what youth oonld not make fair. That Is to Bay, tho stoop of her shoulders lnoreased, her month grew uglier, her oheeks thin and unlovely, and her hair thin and grey. She lived with her grandmother till her grandmother died, and then she lived alone. She worked hard, read hard, prayed hard, and enforced a rigorous discipline in her life. " She is cold and heartless," people often said. Bnt she was only heart-broken. " For the misery I have somsone else has happiness," she told herself in phllan* thropioal moments, for she held fast to tho Dootrine of Compensation. 