WOES OF A FAT MAN. SOME. FUNNY EXPERIENCES I am a fat man-abnormally fat. My weight is 21 stone 6 pounds avoirdupois. Any one who has ever been in the fat man business can appreciate my woes and troubles for they ace as many as the hairs on a cow's tail. Trouble seems to naye been born the day I was, and to have selected me for its one victim. All through my life Ihave been beset with care and worry, from the time I ,was a. small boy until now. 'Thank God, 'I "am getting old, and, though I grow fatter each year that 1 advance to the jump. ing-off place; I am slowly and surely coming to .the time when people will ask, " What has become of old lard bucket?" As early as I can remember I was fat, When I was a schoolboy my companion used to call me " Fatty," and wonder that my flesh did not burst my clothes now that I am olderit is just the same. People wonder what I eat. The fact is my appetite is very poor; but the less I eat the more I grow. I am a living. paradox. Once I tried "' anti- fat," but it only made me get fatter, and my ribs grow more and more indistinct. My trouble commences the moment I awake in the morning, I usually find myself on my back, so all I do is to just start myself rolling and roll out of the bed I have an incline plane set up in front of the bed, so that I do not land on the floor abruptly, but roll down slowly and easily. But the greatest difliculty is in getting to my feet. Sometimes this little feat occupies several minutes. Now my troubles commence in earnest. I have to dress myself, and anyone who could stand by and see the operation would be immensely amused. I don't muse much though; it's all labor for me. I get my clothes on with fair 'success and a great comsumption of time, up to the point of putting on my shoes. Then the tun commences. I haven't seen my feet, face to face, in twenty years; I don't have any idea how they look. But putting on those shoes is the bane of my existence. Sometimes I wear button shoes, and the expedients I adopt to get those internal buttons into their holes, are wonderful. I fasten a button hook to the end ota cane sometimes, but that don't result as well as a work of art. I tumble and flounce about the fibe r and, bed, gettmgthe upper hand of my shoes in a manner that resembles the struggles of a fish out of water. At last 1 got them on and the prayer of thanks-giving that goes up to heavan is,recorded among the sacred documents. When I go down stairs my wife usually asks me if I have been having a: wrestle with a ghost. She says I have jarred the plaster down, have frightened the neighbors, made the milk man inquire if her husband had started a carpet-beating establishment on the second floor and raised Cain generally. " Well, my dear, how is your appetite this morning ?" asks the wife of my bosom as I sit down to the table. This is exasperating when she knows that all I will eat is a piece of fish with an air accompaniment, a small cup of coffee with windsauce. " My dear, my appetite is good," I reply; " so good that I think I can eat a whole bean," " Bean drinking before breakfast again I see" says she. Then I collapse, -I cant stand puns. I start down town to my business. Hailing a tram-car,, I notice it doesn't stop. The next one I catch, and am informed, when I attempt to go through the door and get stuck, that that is not the fat man's line. This makes me mad, and with a rush and a push trom the conductor, I am crowded throngh, but usually the door posts give about six inces in the operation. Puffing, and pulling my torn clothes together, I sit down. " Say, can't you be satisfied with four whole seats?".some one growls, i look around, and sure enough I am crowding the only four passengers in the car. I hear a young lady giggle to her com panion: " Guess the circus is coming, the side show has got here." The sailor sitting next her mumbles to his neighbour: " What fine ballast such bags of fat would make for a sailing vessel." By this time the car has reached my corner, and I yell to the conductor. He sees me, but only grins. Again I yell that I want to get off, and he sticks in his head and says, I" We're going right around to the shops, and then I'll have one side of the car taken off so you can get out." 1 looked at myself, and sure, enough I had begun to swell. Then, when I start to walk over to my office, my friends accost me with the salutation, ', Well, how are you to-day ? Seems to me you are looking thinner than usual." If I over want to commit murder it's then. Why will men tell me such an infernal lie as that?. How can I be grbwing thinner when my weight is fast increasing? Pretty soon a man will come around and inquire for me, and, after talking over the weather and feeling around and finding out what humor I am in, broaches his errand, He is a dealer in cigars, and wants me to pose before a wood carver while an image is made of me for a sign, and I am just the man to be the model. In less time than I take to tell it, that man's family is fatherless. By and bye another man calls and he is in the toy trade. He thinks a toy in representation of me would take well. I toy a few minutes with him and he never calls again. So they continute to come. Some are advance agents for circuses and want to hire me to stand at the frontdoor and take tickets. They think I will draw so well, They get drawn directly. iMy pity for such men is small. One day not long ago I was walking along the street in front of an eating-house the cook-room of which was under the pavement. Just at that point I stepped on a banana skin and came down. The concussion was great. The cook and the assistants and all the customers in the place at the time rushed out to the street. Said they thought the building was going to fall. Apoliceman wanted to arrest me, but I only asked for a rest. The crowd saw something funny about this and hissed- him off. Two or three then helped me to my feet and I went my way sorrowing. At all the hotels I ever stopped at they charged me double rate. They say it is necessary on acount of the room and board I take. It is a base slander, hut I have to stand it. WVhen the day draws to a close' I gratefully start home. Remembering my difficulty with the street car in the morning, I conclude to walk home. Greetings of all kinds centre upon the fat man as I go along; Iwon't: try to name them. When I -reich home, panting from my work walking. up the hill. my wife smiles upon me, and sings onut, "Ah. here's my little boy I That makes 'me tremble with rage. Sarcasm is. ndt my hold, so Ihold my tongute. The tihe to entertain her company has now come, and that is'nmisery of tho 'depest 