CATHOLIC ECHOES. By Callisto. The ceremonies of the Catholic Church may appear meaningless to those who do not understand thein. Non-Catholics indeed frequently look upon them as instituted for the Bole purpose of adding pompous splendor to the divine service. The ceremonies of the church, however, have always a profoundly religious signi fication. They appeal to the heart and mind of the faithful. Take the cere monies performed in the consecration of a bishop. The Book of Gospels, laid upon the head and shoulders of the bishop elect, reminds him that he must submit to the yoke of Jesus Christ and follow faith fully the teachings of the gospel. A ring, the pledge of the most sacred contracts, is placed upon his finger to signify the union which exists between him and his church. "Receive," says the consecrating bishop, ' the ring, the seal of fidelity, that being adorned with inviolate fidelity, thou mayest without stain guard the spouse of God, that is, the Holy Church." The pastoral staff which is given to the new bishop, is a shepherd's crook, and shows that the church is a fold of which the bishops are the pastors and the faithful are the flock. A rod has always been the emblem of power and jurisdiction. Thus, kings bear sceptres, and bishops cany crosiers or pastoral staffs. As the crosier is the bishop's, sceptre, so the mitre is his crown, for he is a prince among his priests and a leader of his people. The two peaks of the' mitre signify the Old and the New Testaments, the knowledge of which the bishop must perfectly possess. The mitre was among the ornaments of the High Priest of the Mosaic law ; it was soon adopted as the headress of bishops under the Christian Dispensation. In the early ages of the church, the people assisting at Mass were accustomed to offer bread, wine and other gifts for the use of the altar. This cus tom is still kept up in some places. It is observed at the consecration of a bishop, when the newly-appointed offers two candles, two loaves of bread and two small barrels of wine. The bishop-elect is annointed with Holy Chism, which is a mixture of oil and balsam, blessed on Holy Thursday. Oil naturally tends to spread itself. It is the emblem of the graces of the Holy Ghost diffused through the Church of God. These graces must appear in a bishop more than in others, and through his ministry work their effects in the hearts of his people. Bal sam is a sweet-smelling liquid, it therefore reminds the Christian that the spiritual fragrance of virtue must go forth from him and extend its influence to others. The month of May is dedicated in a special manner to the Blessed Virgin. This devotion began in Italy towards the end of the last century. In that sunny land, May is the most beautiful month of the year ; the flowers are in full bloom and nature seems endued vi^fch new life. But, alas ! the month of May was at the close of the last century a season desecrated by many abuses. Pious Christians, therefore, grieved at the sins of wicked men, turned towards the Blessed Virgin, hastened to decorate her altars during this lovely month with the purest and sweetest of flowers, and to supplicate her to intercede with her Divine Son for the conversion of sinners. The devotion spread rapidly, and now during the month of May millions of Catholics all the world over kneel at Mary's altars and, united in spirit, offer to her their homage and implore her to act as their advocate at the throne of God. The church approved of the devotion, and Pope Pius VII., by a rescript dated March 21, 1815, granted an indulgence of three hundred days for every day of the month, and a plenary indulgence for the day on which they communicate to those who in public or in private practise the devotion. On December 25, 496, Clovis, the first Christian King of the Francs, was baptised at Reims. Next Christmas Day will there fore be the fourteenth centenary of this memorable event. Catholic France has already inaugurated a series of religious rejoicings, and Pope Leo XIII. has granted to the French people the privi leges of the jubilee on the usual conditions. In his apostolic letters, the Sovereign Pontiff exhorts France to remain faithful to her Christian destinies, to re-enkindle within her breast the lively faith of by gone ages, and to remain in the hands of God a powerful instrument for the defence of Holy Church and the extension of the reign of Jesus Christ upon earth. Another hero of the Catholic Church has lately gone to his eternal rest. Don Unia, a Salesian priest, left Italy in 1889 to preach the faith in Colombia, South America. The usual missionary work Aid not, however, satisfy his ardent zeal, and he soon found his way to a leper colony far away in a wild mountain region. There he devoted himself heart and soul to the spiritual and even bodily comfort of the poor lepers uuder his care. "Six hundred of these poor creatures,"he wrote to his superior, " lie festering in the hospital of Agua de Dios Not only are they separated from friends and relatives and almost forgotten by their fellow-men, but worst of all, they have no priest and are de prived of the consolations of religion." Again he writes—" Between hale and sick, the lepers muster upwards of twelve thousand souls. I am their only priest." What a number of souls for one pastor to care for ! and yet, Don Unia was equal to the task. He moved about among his lepers administering the sacraments and speaking words of consolation to the sick and dying. Leprosy had no terrors for him. He was asked to take every pre caution to avoid the dread disease ; but he answered—"Leprosy, you know, makes the patients extremely sensitive. Were I to show repugnance, they would hate instead of loving me. A poor creature embraced me and died in my arms, the day before yesterday. If I had tried to shake him off he might have died cursing me, and I could never have forgiven my self for Ills un-Christian death. Believe me, if we want to help these poor people, we must love not loathe them." Such is the spirit of God's true servants. Don Unia's health broke down. His superiors recalled him to his native land ; but his time had come, and on December 9 last he passed away to a better life. 