THE V.A.T.C. SECOND DAY. Lord Richmond Wins the Autumn Cup. By " Malyolio." At one time on Saturday morning it looked as though the Y.A/T.O. would be compelled by the raiu to postpone their fixture. But it is against tbe traditions of this club to put off a meeting if it can be possibly carried through, hence the stewards decided to go on. Spindrift, a lively daughter of Lochiel and Spice, was made favorite for the Two-year-old Handicap, with Bundook next in fiavor. The first named never was dangerous, while Bundook lost his chance by swerving out badly just aa home was being reached, and allowing tbe Enfilade — Frou Fron filly, Flaeh, to win by a head. Tbe winner has been leased by Mr. Archie Xuille from Mr. J. V. Smith. Regent was voted a good thing for the Hurdle Race, but lost ground at each hurdle. Corncrake, on the other hand, performing well all through, easily-won from Deerfoot. Punters would have nothing but Music for the Autumn Cup, una be was backed down to 5 to 2, next in favor coming Pilot Boy and Straightflre. Carmody, bis trainer, had made no secret of the fact that Music had done well in his work — so well, in fact, that he should have no difficulty in annexing the prize, But his course form proved to be very different to his display on the iracs, ai no iime couia aisyeB ever make him gallop. Toiling in the rear of tbe field, Music's friends consoled them selves with the remembrance of his mar vellous dash at tbe finish at Williams- town. But there was no dash this time, and tho first favorite ran absolutely last, Cbesterman being just iu front of him. Of tbe others backed, Pilot Boy and Preston bebaved well, but had no show with Lord Richmond, who sailed in en easy winner. Lord Piicbmond, who is very like his sire. Richmond, and was bought by Mr. Eli JelJett for 500 guineas, has been per forming so indifferently at suburban meetings lately that the V.A.T.C. stewards, acting under Rule 19, have reported bis inconsistencies to the Y.R.C. committee, who will consider the matter to-day. Having incurred a 101b penalty, Lord Richmond's weight in tbe Australian Cop will now be 7st 7ib. No easier win has been Been for a long time than Tartuffe'e in the Steeplechase. Polling hard all the way, be, when chal lenged by &osz8dal; half-way down the straight, came away and. won easily, full of running. Mon Ami and Bnsby both came to grief. Fronde, on whom G to 4 was laid at the start, comfortably captured the Selling Race from Swagman, the only other of tbe field that seemed to have the ghost of a chance. The winner was bought by Mr. 0, Endings for £75. In a field of 20 Shannon wbb installed first favorite at 6 to 1 for the Welter Handicap. A lot of money, however, went on to Homespun, whose party were disappointed at not winning the Oakleigh Plate. This time the son of Lowland Chief and Needle made no mistake, for, fighting it out gamely with Sunbury from the half-distance, be won by a neck. Gang On, who started a hot second .favorite, was last. Homespun's weight in the Newmarket Handicap will now be Vet 61b. 