A NEWLYN. REVIVAL. Newlyn revivals are unique. For fervour and the thunderous accom paniment of human voices they surpass everything of their kind; in; Carey's words, they riiay be said to ' out vociferise even sound itself.' When Rev. Charles Pickles, D.D. (how in New York State), was our pastor in Newlyn, I was eye- witness of a revival which came and went like a hurricane. Rising suddenly, it swept on. with wonderful velocity, came to its terrific climax, arid passed away in a week. It began, no one could quite tell how. It was not planned, nor ?' got-up.' There was no ' evangelist ' from afar ; there were no posters, not even a preparatory prayer-meeting. It fell unexpectedly a gale of grace from the blue. The , pastor was doing his daily duty with great unction and with delight to his people, and they, on their part, were ' crying out for the living Hod,' when one week -night, one came to Mr. Pickles, and said there had. been 'peni- tents'* the Sunday . night before. They had gone home wounded, but dumb, until conviction broke them down ; two or three impromptu household prayer meeet ng had to be held. Then another came,' and said : ' The revival's begun sure 'nough : you must open the chapel, sir ; the people want to find Christ.' There were already^ many seekers, an; no sooner was: the chapel opened Thau they fell wailing at the communion-rail. Christians, se. kers, sight-seers . soon filled the place. Preaching was at a discount, the people wanted prayer. It feU to my lot to conduct one meet ing.' After a fifteen minutes' address upon Bartimeus to an impatient audience, 'the pool was opened,' as the Salvationists say. : In a short time the rail was two deep with seekers, arid the excitement rising every minute. The hot Celt makes no effort -^at restraint. - - The sea must leap and boom till the gale is spent. At one point in the meeting; a .large body of people rose to their feet, and with the liveliest show of concern, Turned this way and that, searching along the pews and scanning the faces of those who retained their seats. They were waiting for the hunted arid hurt of The Spirit to bound out to the penitent form. And out they came. . . One I remember to this day — a young fisher— handsome, tall, and knit like Achilles. For some time he had been seated, rapt, still, and woe ully grave. He was looking into the slime-pits of his soul. All of a sudden I saw him rise, leash and graceful, and with the clean adroitness of intensity open and close the pew door, and then, ' with the bounding step of one who would flee from sin and the wrath .to come, at a canter he came to The rail, and cried unto God. It was for such a sight the watchers were on their feet, and,- seeing him go, they lifted their voices in one wild acclaim of ' Hallelujah ! Halle lujah !' Then they abated their shouts looking for another to run, whilst the penitents made our hearts quiver with their cries of woe, literally roaring for disquietude of soul. Now. one, now another would arise from the place of wailing healed and happy, and. , then there w;as radiant hurly-burly, frantic embracings, stentorian ejaculations, c apping of hands, glad lau,»ht r, glad tears, glad 'songs. Such a whirl I never was in before. Brixton Hill Circuit, my eccles:astical home, had never shown me this type of Methodism! It was happy, happy confusion, magnificent disorder, with The God of order at its centre ; for the Holy Ghost was pulling brands out of the fire.— The Rev. James DiOi/i, ' The Methodist Recorder.' 