LAST NIGHT'8 MEETINGS. Yostorday ovoniog, tho toa mooting in tho Walla street ohuroh provod a groat enoooss, two rotays— oaah crowding tho building- proving nocossary to soat all tho visitors. At its oonolUBion, a strong ooutingont hoadod by tho band of tho congregation, marohod to tho Presbyterian ChurcU, whore a public moot- ing, — taxing acoommodaiion to the ut- most oxtont, was hold. Mr J. T, Littleton oooupiod the chair, and aftoc In ad mado a low woll-ohosen romarks euitablo to tho oooasion, eovoral addrossos, muob appreolotod wore dolivorod. Tho Rev J. Smith, President, spoko on tho powor of PontacoBtas tho onty force that oan movo tho world, Aftor ono or two prelimin ary questions ho said tho mission of tho ohuroh was two-fold ; to bring tho world iu submission to Christ, and to instruct tho \- world thus won in His laws. Pentecost was the Church's qualification for this work. This woo tho dosoont of God tho Holy Ghost to tako up bis abode in the ohuroh to teach, and in other ways fit her for her mission in tho world. Tho dosoont of tho Spirit raised tho lifo of tbo Ohuroh, and She became in the truest sonso of tho word, unworldly. Unity of Soul and Sorvioo was anothor mars of Pentecost's power t and thoro was the power of irresistible witness " Yo shall roaoivo powor, and yo shall bo my witnesses" woro among tho farewoU words of Christ to his / disolplos. Contagious enthusiasm marked the ' . life of tho Pontooost Churoh. Thoy were all filled with'tho Holy Ghost; thoy beoamo men of aotion, High tonod spirituality.; unity of soul and service ; Invinoiblo courage; irresis tible testimony ; contagious onthusiasm wero in overy ago, tbo characteristic foataros of . pontoooetal powor. Tho ohuroh to day, needed a revival of this, and her children required onco again to booomo wholo.eoulod, eonso- crated, conoentratod, spirit-filled, with tho mark of loyality to Christ stamped on thoir brow, and with' lova as an all-consuming passion for lost mon, in thoir hearts, tlho sooret of the failure of tho ohuroh waB, _ eho had blighted, if not rojooted, tho Holy .Ghost, /""/idle sho retaiuod Him in oreod, 'eho denied Him in praotioo, Penteoostal power was noedod, It tho oharuh wore to V ' -riso and olaim hoc Pontooost and fulfil hot ob- ligations, then would they - eoo tbo Kingdom of God coming with leaps and bounds. Tho Rev. Prowse, in amastorly delivery, doalt with thtf subjoct " Tbo rotation of the Churoh totJio Working Classes. Ho said— WftMrTOfyAoommon oomploln novv- ardayh ' , orat tno reugionjH too oauroues oia not wuon the lifo of tho ago/andJivioBt her hold of ' tho pooplo. They had no : right to disregard the objootions of non-ohurch-goers against tho churoh, It sho woro to iufiuonoo and win tho working olaesos to Christ, sho must assumo towards tliom an atlitudo of sympu- thotio friondlinesB, fearless courage, and en terprising effort, Theso would oomo with tho aid of tho Holy Ghost, and onoo this essontial bad boon acquired, thoro would be no moro need for conferences on "How to roach tho masses." An extondod report of this' interesting papor will appoar li'r on, Tho Rev. VV. Faulkner addised tho mooting on "Tho Family; its plaoo, and powor in.-ohuroh: ahd'6tato,V Ho said ho wishod'to avoid; tho' homilptio method and deal with tho subjoot In a ' general ray, but hop to .leave no 'indefinite n ro- . spooting the'views held, . HoV v-: " tho eubjeotosa. very timoly pno, \;;v ph as ' manyattaokB had quito recently A.—' mado npon the family. Ho oontendod that it' was no neoeesary an institution that all who had any oaro for tho permanonoy and progress of tho qhureh and tho stability and prosperity of tho nation should joalouBly guard it, It \- could never bo a matter of indittoronoo what sort ot homes or families a nution had any ' more than it was & matter of indifferonoo to a man what sort of vital organs he had, for ' - family life' was tho spring whonco all tho \- - onrronts of life had. their origin. It was a divino institution'«that could novor bo sot \- U8ide or substituted without distiaot loss, both . . . j - to tho ohuroh stato. In illustration of this ho pointed but tho plaoo of importance given to family lifo in tho Biblo record, tho in- . elusion of ohlldron in tho oovonant promlsos '.with ooDgoqaont reaponelbilitics of parents in ' regard to their training, togother with tho : 'fioriptnrai recognition of tho infiuonco of heredity and environment in tho formation of \- ; cnaraotor. ' Honco, in too oiu order oi inings, Ibo family was a ohuroh in itself, and tho fathor waa tho priest of his own household. Biographical history was profuso in its Illustration that tho mon to whom both \- ohuroh' and stato owed most, wero tho mon of deopest piety and most abounding Christian . . naefain0Baf Tho best, tho truest, tho noblest men, tho- men of hlghoat sorvlco ond most ' illustrious fatno, woro mon mado in tho family, : If, at least, tho gerrnB of piety and truo nobility wore not planted horo, it was / the oxooption and not tho ru'o to find them v . manifostod in later lifo. Honoo ho bolioveu 'with Dr.- Farrar that "tbo family is tho aooial mist ot the nation," that " ovorywbAro and olwavs the koystoco of tho nation ty/ho -hoarth stono" To destroy our homos and disintegrate our family lifo would bo to sap tho foundation,. qf-Jjiji. that . was best aud -jtmreUiwhoilqtivoTtio. Diiuld robJi>f of its olomenta of b t r off A'r: J; "7, lit of Iboflo strong tioa of ttifoiy 'Tlko a oablo, bind its vuried pacts tbgothor " ''t'tf unbroakablo- aQinitlos, As an inifuonco on all phases of lifo nothing could tako tho plaoo of tho family, It was a prioio and potont fuotor, oithor for good or ovil, and for this reason more attention ought to bo givon to tho making of it a fuotor for good. Thoro was no plaoo whoro Christianity needed to bo ' lived more than iu tbo family, for thoro in all tho little pretty dotails and routino of every day it touched Ufo moro olosoly, more oou- tlnuoualy and moro pormauontly than nny- \- whoro obo. Christian familios mado Christian nations, and suppltod all tbo material for tho aotlvitios of tho Christian ohuroh honco for \- bor own aako aud tho suko of tbo nation tho ohuroh must guard family lifo, At tho oonolusion of tho proceedings a hearty vote of thanks to tbo Rev, J. Maokenzlo and his committeo of management, for the uso of their ohuroh, was accorded. Mr Maokenzie briefly responded, 