(?) to 24 per cent, on face or par value of (?) 3 shares. (?) smelters (?) similarly (?) per share per (?), which is to (?) per sent, on par value of shares. (?) these figures are being realised - with (?) vigorous management that time (?) not (?) far distant - Mt Lyell will have (?) a leading position among the biggest (?) of the world. Suppo- (?) the contemplated installation of ten furnaces to be in full blast, each putting through its 100 tons of ore per day for, say, (?) days, or 350,000 tons of ore smelted per annum, there is now ore in sight to keep up the dividends indicated above for 31 years. A proposal has been made for the formation of a Town Board at Queenstown, and the Progress Committee have taken the matter in hand, Owing to one of the circumlocutory processes for which Tasmania is noted have to be gone through, it will be nearly nine months under the most favourable conditions before the board can be formed. In the meantime, the committee should do their best to induce the Government to make some more of the streets, over which there will soon be considerable traffic. Writing about circumlocution, recalls the amusing story told by Mark Twain about "the facts in the case of the Great Beef Contract." In October, 1861, John Wilson Mackenzie, of Rotterdam, Chenung COunty, New Jersy, decreased, contracted with the General Government to furnish to General Sherman the sum total of 30 barrels of beef. He started after Sherman with the beef, missed him at Washington, then at Manassas, then at Nashville, Chattanooga, and Atlanta. In short, Mackenzie could not overtake the General; still he persevered until he once got within four miles of Sherman's head- quarters, when he was tomahawked and scalped by Indians, who got all the beef except one barrel, which Sherman's army cap- tured, and so Mackenzie partly fulfilled his contract. He had kept a journal, in which he bequeathed the contract to his son. Now began that circumlocution which caused the untimely death of so many of Mackenie's relations. The son tried to collect the bill bute he died before he got through; next Wm. J. Martin. Barker J. Allen, Annson S. Rogers, and many others died in the attempt to get a settlement. Eventually the bill fell into Mark Twain's hands. He presented it to nearly every department and sub- department of the State, without success. The last office he laid siege to was that of the Commissioner for Odds and Ends. One of the clerks, just when Mark had a notion that he was on the right track, wanted proof of the death of Mackenzie before the claim for the price of the 30 barrels could be considered. The Commissioner encouraged Mark to hope that if he could get a relief bill through Congress making a special appropriation, the Govern- ment might pay for the one barrel that Sherman captured! Mark, in despair, and fearful of the fate of the previous holders of the contract, handed it to the Odds and Ends clerk, who soon afterwards succumbed. If the Chinese are not wanted in Queens- town - the Standard would certainly not agree to allow them any quarter - the people should lose no time in making their wishes plain to those celestials who seem to have got a foothold here. When Ah Long Hi emigrated to America, he wrote his experiences to his friend Ching Foo, who had remained at home in the Flowery Land, and Mark Twain quotes from the letter to show the warm reception the celestial had received in San Francisco. Johnny had been set upon in the streets, and when the fracas was at its height, up came a policeman and arrested him on a charge of disorderly conduct. Ah Long describes the treatment that the "man in gray uniform" meted out to him - "He (?) If the age of chivalry is lost in the clouds of the past, the age of bold ad- venture is, as Mr. McClosky would say, "right here." The race of intrepid men who pene- trated the fastnesses of the mountains here- abouts in the early days is not yet extinct. It is said that the Kinf River has never been navigated from the Linda Creek confluences with it to Tee-poo-kana. Such obstacles as awesome gorges, swift rapids and ugly snags are supposed to have been sufficient to deter any attempt to take a boat along the course of the river between the points named. Dr. Abbot, of Queenstown, who is desirous of emulating the doughty deeds of the West Coast pioneers, about whose adventures and hair-breadth escapes so much is now being heard, has determined that few more weeks will elapse before the worst is known about this hitherto unnavigated portion of the King. The supposed difficulties attending the enterprise, so glibly talked about by those who know nothing of the country, instead of scaring him, are simply nerving him for the trip. He is having built a specially designed canoe with which to shoot the rapids. He has organised a party of equally bold and in- trepid fellows to accompany him on the hazardous enterprise. A journalist is to make one or the party, to write up the trip. A waggish friend of the Fourth Estate man has suggested the he pen the description before he starts, as he will be in Mars or some other planet shortly after he has embarked in the Dr.'s canoe. Early in January next has been selected as the time for starting. Hamlet's father's ghost was no worse off than are many of the Smelter employees, ac- cording to one of them, who, just before the time for his shift came on the other night, exclaimed, with the said ghost, "My hour is almost come, when I to sulphurous and tor- menting fumes must render up myself." " I could not understand until now," said an employee at the Converter works on the day the first sample of pig- copper was turned out, "why this stuff is called blister copper." Queried a fellow employee, "What is the rea- son!" "Well, you see, I was standing a trifle close to the molten matter, and a bit splut- terred on the back of my hand, where you see this blister ! Hence the term, 'blister' copper." The other chap is still alive, but his condition is rather precarious. Being of an unusually robust nature, he just managed to survive the " goak. " In another column is published a report of the annual meeting of the Mount Lyell company. There was a slight breeze now and again, but everything passed off without any serious hitch. The shareholders know well enough that they hold interests in what will certainly be one of the largest dividend-paying mines the world has known ; but some of them seem to think that a little opposition to the board, and a sharp criticism of the management now and again, will have a wholesome effect. The burly chairman Mr. Bowes Kelly, was asked how much salary the secretary was paid, but he declined to satisfy his interrogator, on the ground that the officer named was a servant of the board, not of the shareholders. It is questionable whether Mr. Kelly, unless he had a very strong reason, acted wisely in declining to give the sought for information, As well as the directors, the company's officers were de- servedly thanked. From Mr. Sticht downwards they appear to be attentive to their respective duties as well as being a capable body of men. A meeting of the Gormanston Quadrille Assembly was held at the Criterion Hotel on Tuesday night, when it was decided, on the motion of Mr. Malone, seconded by Mr. C. Clarke, that as no hall will be available for dancing for a couple of months, the members be refunded their subscriptions. The move- ment will be recognised when a suitable hall is erected. It is to be hoped that Messrs. Woods and Read, the inspectors of the roads, who were here last week, will recommend that the formation of Gould- street, Gormanston, be completed at once with day labour. Tenders have twice been called for the work. but were considered too high. During the present summer work on all the roads that require forming in both Queenstown and Gormanston should be vigourously pushed on. Before any more money is expended on the road from Gormanston down the Linda Valley to the King on the overland route, the cost of the extension of Gould-street to the bridge along the foothills of Mount Owen should be carefully estimated. Messrs. Read and Woods had a look at the proposed new route last week, but they are of opinion that in places the grade would be rather steep, and the formation consequently too costly. The present amount of money that it would probably take to form the new route be expended in an ex- tensive system of drains the full length of the button-grass swamp through which the waterway, not roadway, passes. And to patch it up is sheer waste of money. The only available local timber for Gormanston, be obtained from the King River Valley, and unless a new road away from the swamp be formed. there will be great difficulty in the winter to supply the timber needs of the place. Then then is some farming settlement on the King, and from there the supplies good reasons why there should be no more tinkering with the old track. To-day and on every other Saturday, it is the intention of the Mt. Lyell Railway Co. to issue return tickets, which will be available till the Monday following to and from Queenstown and Tee-poo-kana. mine are invited to be sent in to Mr. Link, the mine manager, by 8 p.m. on Monday next. A meeting was held in Waxman's Hall on has been commenced, and the contractors are sanguine about completing the structure within the time specified. There will be no dearth of amusements at the Mount after the building is opened. 