TE A AND PUBLIC MEETING. , Ou Monday evening . the anniveiaary celebrations wore continued when a tea ana public meeting was held in the echnol-room. The tea was nicely laid and the tables baa been decanted by the ladies in taatoful style about,160 people partaking of the«oodthmzs pronded.- Theu• w»nts were attended to by Meadamw,Woodful, .PaulL-and:Lloyd, wd j®" 68 P^oU. B- and XuTbabtL .Blenkiron, •pompsov Warren, AgO, TPSMOSS and After tea had beenoleared away aa adjournmsat was -made to the church. Mr. William. Jsmes.oa taking the chair congratulated the members of the Wesleyaa congregation on having snch a gCKahead >onng sau for a clergyman, and hopod they would rally round him and "assist him in. .eirety form. •XoSlpts.—Broj^i forward, TA .'lib- seat rents, 1A7 3s"-8d; Sale of cushions, °6s"; entertainment, 2s 6d ; arrears, 10s; totalL52 12s. Sxpenditure.--Cleaning, etc., L13; rent collecting, L5 0s fid; sundries, 4s 6d ; org»n«it, LS; gas, L135s 7d; bank and in .hand, lilS-ls t>d ; total, LS3 12s." "" * TVust' account:"'—Balance in hand, L12 12 ; income LSS 14s lid; total,-L96 Gs lid. Expenditure.—Travelling expenses, XS 2s fid; on account of trays, L115sj J. J. Mathews, 4s 6d ; WlUiaoas. 16s ; . insunnce," IS 8s 9d; W'. Pensose (interest), L5; I«an Fund, L30; trust account (toseenre -deeds), la t Cewlaad (gii) Ll; Jfedlin <intraest) JUS Cslder, LI; Coulson, L5; Mr Gibls," L8 ICe ; Mr liabb, US 3s 6d ; running account, LS 18s lid ; Mr James Penrose (interesr) LS 10s ; cash on hand," I.V Us 9d; tote], L96 Os lid. Mr. Paull said they would notice by the balance-sheet that there was a debt of £340 on the church and bnilding*. and 'Hr. Woodful had been mentioning the matter to him with a view of finding a-aeheme for clearing it off,, and be hoped. this wonld be done before Mr. Woodful's time was up. What'was suggested was to find 30 people in the congregation who would give £10 rach and thus' make up the amount. What he snggoted was to borrow that amount from those who wonld otherwise have tiie money lying idle in-the bank. One member of the congregation had promised £30 if the rest were mued within a certain time.' He congratulated .them on the fact that the result of this anniversary had so far. proved it to have been more successful than any they had held for yearn. The Bev. Mr. Martin said ia these times of dnlness with the balance on the wrong side it was gratifying to see that 'the, people would roll up and assist at an anniversary as th y had done. He trusted Mr. Woodful's time among them .would be onis of great prosperity both financially and - spiritually. With regard to the religious world he said they had got away from the old landmarks, and changes political, moral, social, and commercial seemed to be going, on all. round. In tins democratic age this spirit seemed to prevail in both church and stato. There was a' discussion going on some time back on the question "In the church a failure." For his part it seemed to him that the <church had in some wav-or other lost ita grip on the masses It-hsd net the hold it formerly: had. 'The times hsd changed even to the education of the ministen. One thing upon which be .agreed was .that there could not be much harm done were there less Greek and Latin taught. and more common sense.' If the church bad failed, in .reaching the masses, and the masses would not go to thechurch, tberi the church should go to the tfissaee. Some" complained of the state tiie churches had'got into, and compared them to the large estates-at "home whioh had been turned into preserves while people were starving: He regretted to «ay - that he lad seen evidences of a lapse into.the -old backward state .of things amongst the criminal classes in Melbourne where he had labored. Some sacrifice would have to be made, and. if the Christianity they were preaching was not worth that sacrifice it was not worth a name. On looking the matter straight in the' face be wonld have to say that the church of G<»d was losing ground among the masses. And bow was it to be explained? They were workingon the same line as their fathers worked before them, and he could not say that the power of God was any the less. What they had to do was to find oot what was the matter. He did not know whether the Pleasant Sunday - Afternoon movement would help them much, and he never' could see many good points about it. No doubt men who went nowhere else want there and spent a good time, but then were too many eager to seize upon it for the ventilation of political views. Thi* was not the work of tiie church of God, aud the church should do the work it bad to do. They would have to go back to the old Book, and if they could not work on the preaching of the Gospel they might. as well shut np shop. What they hod to go back to was the socialism of Jesus Christ, and havelesB form ality. The Bev. Mr Freeman said he was not a narrow minded man, and would rejoice to see religious bigotry swept away. "Christianity was not a failure, and never would be a failure With regard to its relation to the working classes there was nothing 4D.«qual it." Jesus, the carpenter of Nasareth was the best friend the working man had. He did not believe in the limelight or the m&cio; lantern, and he did not believe the Holy Ghost worke i-through snch things. To Mr Martin, whohad preceded him he would say . ** Don't lose heart in Christianity it is as good as ever it was." The Bev. Mr Woodfoll said there appeared to be. a threef-Oomered dud going on, Mr Martin had find a shot and nit him (the speaker); Mr Fteeman had been firing at - Mr Martin, and now he would say something that would probably hit them both- If lie thought Christianisy was losing its holdover the masses he' would jnve CP bls.qommission aa a .preacher at once. The cnnrch pf God did not consist of forms and ceremonial-but theilife and spirit of Jesus'Christ The choreh of God ie lifting np Christ to the-masses to-day'as it nsyer has done before. Where was' Christ losing his his bold on tiie masses? In China they Vera just beginning to,, know. hinyin Japan-""they were ju&beginnipg; tobeUevB in- Christianity.' In Africa $he country^had been opened up by Christianity. In Braiil Chflstianity was just beginning-to penetrate. Secularism had died and they had heard that night that - the' great secnlar hall in Londan in -which Bradl&ugh; used to lectnre, had. been taken -over by the Salvation Army., . Secularism' had -no -leader and a cause without aleader was .poor indeed. They could not look the msttor fairly and squarely in the face, without evidences -that Christ nas a hold Vm the masses to-day, which he never had before. With regard to Mr Freeman's doubts as tothe Holy Ghost working, through the medium of a' limelight^ for his part ha aid not condemn -a tiling because it was new. A doctor would say that " lime was good for the eight if used: in the right way, and if the limdight was used: in the'right war it might be a iiMans oof bringing, new light.' The "Holy Ghost could , "work by means Of a picture to' appeal to the heart throngh the sense of sight and if tiie Holy Ghost could use the preac£erVtbnghe he4»nTd tite the limelight. Mr Martin tod asid that tiie Pleasant Sunday afternoon was not going to do all that was: hoped for' it -Ha -would.-point out that tiie Pleasant Sunday Afternoon, like crashing else conld be abused.- On Sunday last-Mr ^dgar was, wishing to celebrate, bis anniversary, and knowing that the churoh would not be bigienongh .lie hiired'the Town Hall and found that even that building would not hold the people. The «hn&h; that a few yeaaago was empty had been since filled by ineansofthBP.S.A',-«ad people had flocked there out of curiosity. - The result - was that there were pmple converted -every. Sunday: For his part .he held that polities could not be separated from religion. But outside "this they amid let the man talk iiis politics first and couTd tell him "of Christianity after. Christ left Hiaaven to come where we were and we would have to go to the people i n the same -way. If the mountain would not come to Mabommed then Mahommed would have to go to the" mountain. If they looked at the matter in a right way they would find that-Christian ity had"been a grand success and was in touch with the masses. During tiie evening the choir rendered several anthems, Mr. Tceloor rave a sole, and Messrs. Hay and Northoote, Miss Blenkiron and Mrs. Hutton sang a quartette. Mr. 3. Penrose moved a vote of thanks to 'all' that had tajren part in the anniversary celebrations, and specially eulogised Mr. Woodful .for the splendid sermons be had been giving them.. , Mr. & -Dabb, in seconding tiie resolution, pointed out that the iespohsibUity of setting the finances riphtshould not xest with their minister, and if this was to be the case thsy could not expect -him to "continue to do such good work as he -had been doing since .he had been with them. ;HeT was i-ashamed to .hear thist the finances'weiein.«ich a state that Mr.. Hutton had to be asked to {day for 12 months with bo-pay. It Was the duty of the .members •of the .congregation" to see-that tile debts were all cleared off. ..,-.: _ The vote of thanks was carried, as .was a similar .vote to t the chairman, and the proceedings were brought- to a close by the singing of the Doxofogy. 