HUMOU.a 1 If my employer does not retreat what ha said to me this morning, I shall leave his : store.' ' Why. what did he say ?' ' He. told mo I could, look for another place/ — Harlem Life, X thought you f.oU me that Mxss -Brown had spent a great dvll of money en hex voice?' 'Well, sol did/ ' But f-be can't Bing.' 'Fell, I didn't Bay that she could, did I Tratb. Bronson — 'Have the detectives found out anything about that burglary yet ?' John son-— .'Yes; they've come to tbe conclusion " that the motive of tbe crime was money/— Boston Herald. Two : wines bad been served at a certain dinner. The first one was of a fine old vin- . toge. The guest of honour drank freely of it, but passed no remarks' on its quality. The second brand was an execrably poor one. ' Excellent wine this !' said the epicurean- gnesfc. Bat von didn't say wiiai-1 yon. thought of the first,' said the " hcrt, rather irritated at the thought of the good atuff wasted, 'fro,' Baid tfle epicure. "Tflat: spoke for Itself." Kate — ' Just look, these hoots arc ever so -; much too big,' hSar j — 1 Yes ; yen roust bare given bim tbe number of tbe street ns«' stead of tbe number of your shoo." Juvenile Strategy. — Mother— Now, Tom my, wbat are you doing at that cupboard ? Tommy-— There's a monse here, an' I'm tryin 'to gif bim out.: Look out ! Hera be cornea ! Mother disappears." ' So does tha mouse — and the jam. The Teowt of Fate.— Beggar ; Can yon kindly assist rac, sir? I've got a wife and thirteen children to support.— Old Gentle man ; Good gracious ! Thirteen children ? — Beggar : Yes, sir, a baker's dozen, and not a hit of bread, to give them ! Ecoxosrv. — Young .Wife : I've Lousrhi yon. a box of . cigars for a birthday present, dear. —Young Husband : But, darling, I never pmoke .'—Young "Wife : No, T know ; but I thought that when you were 'tired of tbem I could give them to my brother George on his next birthday— be smokes, you know. T ' He ; ' I envy that man who sang the tenor solo.' She; ' "Why I thought he had a very poor voice.7 He : ( So did I. But just , thrih of his nerve power 9\ He — ' And ia it absolutely necessary tbat I should spoak to your father?' She— '.uf course. He is lie bead of the family,. you know.' He (gloomily)— ' It Isn't tbe head of the family tbat I am afraid of ; It's tho foot.'— Truth. There was a good deal of solid human nature in the unexpeeeted reply of the dying old woman toiler minister's lenrli n cpiostumt ' Mere, at tiie end of a. lon lite, wKicK o£ tKa IiortWa mercies are you. most for V eicr ©yes brightened »s she answered, 'My vlctuttlB.' A. : Did it ever recur to you what a eh»Tiuins; ooiivoreatioufiliafc P ia ? B ; Fell, I don't know; not particulary. Fhy? . A; Ob, he is, decidedly. He basiftthe ghost of. a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over arnln, and he enjoys them every time aa much as at the first telling. No characteristic of American humour la mote noticeable than the ohoery. light- hearted way in whinh it treats of death A course of the works of Max Adelor and Mavis Twain wonld. load an .nnsophlatlcatcQ SOftflCl to fch.© conclusion, bhafc tKe loss of life tli8 less of sixpence were parallel iUGimYeUjoUCCS bo opnvincjng ia the janntiness (bred of a iiuuuiini uiva ui xuiuiuubo; pittUtlSCU fly these writers.— Globe. Thy gambling casino at Monte Cartels confrolled by an administrator who ?eo«ive» a salary of £0,000 a year, a hom-o to live to carriages', and various perquisites. . Hitherto we have been aocustemei to find.- - inequality m Mr: KipHr.g's work. h« hM ' never vet given us a took entirely goof- each collection of his stories is a mixture nf success ard failure . Naturally, tl.is peculiarity has always stirred Some aUTlOV- ance and perplexity m Ms critics ; for at f;„ best he IS not easily surpassed; white at 1.1 wafc be is almost guGrile.—Aoadomy. 