A Bachelor's Bridal NOVKL. By Mrs. H. hvvdtt Oamem . CHAPTER II.— (Gomsnm.) 'After lunch,' continued Mr, Kirby, urbanely, wring those white hands which Bryant began to detest,—' after lunch we will transact nor little business— at three o'clock precisely, m the library, Mr. jBryant,' lliting a. long finger at him. to enforce the hour upon th memory. ' Three o'clock. I Don't forget. — And yon, my love,' turn teg to bis ward, ' can, if you desire, Vie present at the consultation,' \- ' YYill that suit you, Miss Fairfax?' in quired the solicitor, politely. Miss Fairfax nibbled her toast in silence and bent her head very slightly in assent. Breakfast had been somewhat late, and as ; they rose from the table the church- bells he 's gan to ring. Mr. Kirby threw open, the I French -window that looked ont on the lawn, I ftriA xnB sweet' sonnd of the distant hells 1 £ mingled harmoniously with the soup of tlie : : birda iu the garden without; , i Ae he stood there with his back to the :i room, Yalentine to suddenly surprised by a ' soft touch upon ins arm. He turned ; Miss Fairfax stood close behind, j- She put her finger npon her lips and : glanced at her guardian's back. 4 1 Be there at a quarter before three,' she _ 5 whispered, almost inoudlbly. . ;'i Mr. Kirby moved. In a. second jErod was \-- :4 Bomewlere away at the other side of th r-h tabl©, ipQbing oyer fipmo newspapers that haft ' come by the morning'e poet, Bryant we i Bomeboiy conrinced that Kirby had heard or i \ gamed the whispered mortis; and he felt \- horribly uncomfortable. ! The girl whom be had seen, before he left his room, performing curious gyrations in the solitude of the wood, and. the girl who had whispered those few unexpected words in bis ear, were one and the same person, and yet Enid Fairfax the heiress, whose whole mind was hem upon marrying James Kirby , seemed to bo quite another person altogether. Whence came this dual personality? ' Where la your son ?' Incurred "Bryant of his host as the little party of three set ont to walk to church together thvough the "bright pale April BBushine, 'He is away, I am sorry to say, Mr. Bryant. I muoh regret that lam unable to gire myself the pleasure of introdncing him to yon, but nnforseen haeinaas has gam moned him from home for a few days.' ' I should have been glad to make Mr. Tames Elrby's acquaintance,' replied Valen tine, dully : 1 however,' with a smiling glance at the girl "by his aid©, ' Jfc if, J hope, only » pleasure deferred, is it not, Miss Fair fas r Enid made no reply, and Bryant, whose business had taught him to ha oh- servant, noticed that these wee no conscious blush upon hoc face as be mentioned her Lover's name. On the contrary, he fancied, that ©h© ©yen "became a shae paler than usual, and there was no mietake about the slight nBirons com nreasion of her lips, as though some effort of inward self- restraint were taking place in her mind. Fnid Fairfax began to interest him. The church, when they reached It, was \- small and primitive, the choir much as all country choirs are .wont to he, — that is to sayij somewhat tuneless and timclCBB, — and the congregation was entirely composed of rustics. The clergyman was old and his Toiee feeble. When the time for the lessons came, Mr. IDrby rose and walked into the reading-desk. He had a. beautiful voice, clear and sweet, and be read the sacred words impressively and solemnly. Bryant thought he had never understood or ap preciated the parahle of the unjust steward, which V appaiied to he the second lesson, go well before i By and by Mr, Eirby also handed the plato ; ho appeared to be church- warden, and a fulfil ail duties of that position earnestly and effectively. All the nma JLuid sat, or stood, or knelt hy his aide, with a face of imperturbable ' gravity- &he; did not join, audibly either in the prayers or the praises, and "Bryant could, not help fancying that hoc thoughts WCfO far away, Ferhaps she was dreaming of her absent lovsr, His own thoughts were wan-> . deriDg. These people among whom ho had fallen excited his curiosity ; he eauld not understand either the girl beside Mm or the ms.ii who was at that moment handing the collection-plate to him. and at the same time joining fervently and devoutly In the hymn that was being sung. Was ho a consummate hypocrite ? or "WU8 he a p'wus ana religious man, to whom Bryant was doing a great injustice P For , the life of him he could not tell. On the way back to the house, and all through lunch, Bryant began to incline to the belief that Mr. Eirby was an excellent and upright man, inueh vexed in kia mind by the vagaries of a turbulent and rebellious ward. Had ho not said of her that she was ohsilnate and pig-headed? — what a horrible -wordj fcy til© "wavj to apply to sack, a t>eaati- fVt'A WWiao \ Ho glanced at across tbo table; 'pig- beaded,' indeed Why, her head was exquieite,— Yandyke and "Raphael combined. "VYbat a heresy, what a sacrilege, to apply such an epithet to it ! Still, bo was forced to admit to himself that there was undoubtedly something in the determined, silence of this girl, in. her down- hent eyes and the firm hard Hues of her jnoutb, that might he distinctly said to savor of obstinacy, ' Ferhaps when I hare seen a little more of her, I shall understand her better,' thought the clem : lawyer, who hated to he balked by anything ar anybody. fI wonder what she has got to say to mo privately at a quarter to three ?' ' Now, Mr. Bryant,' said his host, as they reso from the table after lunch, ' it is half - past two ; X give you half au hour before wo facet in the library ju which to digest your lunch. Bat before you go, have a -glass of 1 this brown sherry. ft is something yoty 1 special, and X should liko you to taste it, ' i Unfortunately, sherry 10 forbidden me by my i doctor ; but my eon considers it yery fine. I , 1 should like your opinion on it.' , ' Bo poured out the sherry, and Errant drank it. He said that it was excellent, because be did not very well know bow to say anything else, but privately be did not like it. It was a strong, full-bodied, dark- colored wine, hut there was an after -flavor ahont it that struck him as disagreeable. ' Will you join m? in the garden, with a cigar?' inquired Mr, Kirby. ' Thanhs, I never smoke till the evening. If you will allow me, I will go to my room to write a letter.' As he left the room by one door Mr. Kirby went out by another, and Bryant's eyes met Enid's. He read their meaning, and, after a few , moments' delay In bis room to make sure that his host had left the house for a stroll In the garden, he came down-stairs again and went into the library, ' I will be there in good time,' he thought, with a certain vague tremor of excitement ; : but the room was empty, so he Bat down in a 1 comfortable-lookingarm-ehairto wait for her. And than and thara a most envious and unufiual thing happened to him. He beeame ! overpowered by an. ever increasing sensation. I of numbness and 0"4 lassltnde. For some j I moments he fought against it, hnt soon a delightful dreamiuess stole all over his limbs i and be Btrnggled no longer to reaiBt it. He 'seemed to be asleep, and yet not asleep, lor 1 all the time he was conscious of being still in 1 the library , and he could see the table hy which ha was seated, with, the books and papers upon it, and the flickering fire in the grate ; yet everything seemed to he dim and far awav, like objects that are seen through a fog. Then some one whose voice sonnded faint and die tan t like the sound of muffled belle seemed to he speaking to him. ' I am the most wretched woman in the whole world J' murmured that voice , dimly. ( For Qod's sake rouse yourself and listen to me. I have no one on oartk to help me. 1 For pity's sake try and understand.' These sentences seemed to go brokenly, for some time ; then they died away into a sort o£ tliTobbka aotfarrigiiessj ancL t© IxeaT&tiiiem.; no longer. Absolute and absolute mlencs# Then, after what might have been wbole years of utter blankness, there came suddenly a rushing noise in his ears, and a tingling sensation in all his veme, then the jarring sound of laughter close heslde him. He sat np In hln chair. Mr. Ejrhy stood I opposite to him, laughing heartily, i c Ha iia I Awake at last \ te crie&j; \- gyly. I ' Good gracious J "What has happened to mef stammered Valentino, bewuderedly, passing his hands over his brow and eyes. Nothing at all. Tou have only bad a beautiful doze, my dear sir, and I have been waiting quietly by for you to wake up.' £ Oo you. mean that I have heen asleep ? "Why, t never did such a thing as go to sleep iu the middle of the day in my life before 1 Xt is impossible V cried Bryant, with some excitement, ' It is the country air, no doubt,' answered Mr. Eirby. ' This is a very bracing place, and my friends often tell me that the air makes them sleep. Never mind, Mr. Bryant?', pray do not apologize.' Bryant bad not apologized, but he did eo now heartily , smitten with self-reproach at his own stupidity. 1 1 am really ashamed of myself, Mr. Kirby. I cannot think wh.au possessed. m<?- YYhjj' g-laneing' at the <Aocls on tTa© xnantel-elJBlf; 'it is half-past three, I must have been asleep nearly au hour It is unpardonable 1 ' ' Indeed , it is really of no consequence at all, Mr. Bryant : ptay eay no more. I have heen getting all the papers into order that I wanf yon to go over them with me.' ' It mnst be your excellent luuoh that made me sleepy, Baid Yalentine ; and then all at oneehe remembered the brown sherry, and a most uncomfortable thonght entered his mind. ' Where is your ward ?' be asked, turning towards the pile of papers on the table. ' Yas she not to have heen present at our interview ? ' Oh, poor girl, ehe did come in, hut she got tired of waiting for yon to wake np. She wanted to get ont for a walk this lovely afternoon, so I told her we could do very well without her ; and so we can, Mr. Bryant, for, to my mind, women, are alweys in. the way when there is business to he done.' ' But Miss Fairfax, particulaxlv said that she wished to speak tome,' persisted "Bryant, somewhat doggedly, fur ,8 hie B6DE08 rg" sumsd their normal sharpness things began to assume a now aspect to him. ' Oh, I can tell yon whit she wanted : it was a question of pin-money. Ladies like a little sjjat'e aasb to fling about. She wants a hundred a year or so, to play ducks 1 aud drakes Independent of her trustee. 1 X dare say we can mtvnftg© that for her,' There was nothing loft for Bryant to do ! bnt to address himself to business. Be went into everything thoroughly, but, sift it as be would,— OM he was determined to look sharply into the business, — he could discover no flaw In the management of Miss Fairfax's property. The schedules of her different investments were clearly and in- teltigibly made, out, and there was not » fault to find either with them or with the accounts, which had been most carefully- kept. Miss Fairfax's money had. been naither wasted nor squandered during her minority ; everything hod been judiciously and advantageously arranged, so that her in come bad, if anything, Increased during the last few years. - Then Mr, Kirby showed him a copy of her late father's will, and they proceeded to dis cuss the terms of the marriage settlements. It appeared that Mas Fairfax would be of age in three weeks' time, and that, accord ing to her father's will, the day before she was twenty -one she would obtain, If still \- unmarried, ike sole and entire control of her property j "but in the ere at of her marriage tabiDg place previously to her attaining the ago of twenty-one, her fortune was still to remain in trust in her guardian's hands. j Bryant saw In tiilS provision an element o£ - possilcie «laagjerT £or 14 ike marriage were to bo kurrietl iorwarA so as to take plao<? fvre kic VirtMftjj wvxilti "be entirely &t; the mercy of her sole trustee, who would retain a very considerable power over her fortune ' But there seemed to he uo question of any such haste j aud in the very sensible and simple directions which Mr, Kirby proceeded to give him, he could not detect the re motest intention of wronging his daughter » in-law. Mrs. James Eirby's money was to be tied np in the usual way : suah and such investments were to be permitted, and others were to be debarred. All seemed perfectly Straight f Or WSL'd. There was, indeed, one ' clause tti the late Mr. Fairfax's will which . troubled him somewhat -. it was to the effect I that If his daughter died withontissue before her guardian the whole of her fortune WUB to revert to him, f It is a very remote contingency ,' said Mr. Kirby, lightly ; ' besides, of course, her hlisbiltid will have under these picpoBed settlements a hfo interest In her money. They OX© both very yonng and in all human probability they will both survive me, X only hope X Bhall live to BCC h»lf ft dOZOH grandchildren about the hOUSC ! It was merely an empty compliment to myself, which her poor father was anxious to pay me.' Bryant agreed that it was a very re. mote contingency, for, as Mr. Kirby rightly said, ill all human probability such a clause would never come into effect. Bryant did not see "Enid again until din ner-time. He was to leave in the morning by the first train, bo that he would have to make an early start. An at lunch, the beautiful girl sat silently by throughout the meal, scarcely joining in — mmm 1 - -"innrmfimH'niilm'inn'fiW7wt»naiifMyaw»i«8 the conversation at all, and. presently "Bryant became seized vrith. an overwhelming dcriro to exchange a few words with her. As ahe roae from the table she looked at him, and her eyes seemed, to hie excited fancy, to he fall of reproach and sadness. A few minutes later, regardless of his host, he rose aud followed her into the drawing-room. She was standing on lbs hearth-rug, gazing absently into the fire. Bryant made a couple of qmck strides to her side. He had left Mr. Kirby locking np the wine in the cellar- ette. Xt was now or never 5 he had no time for ftowore of speech and ceremony. 1 failed you to-day,' he Baid, in a rapid whis per ; ' you can't think how sorry I am. It was not my fanlt.' ' I knew you conld not help it. It is all a piece with the rest,7 she added, enigmatically and almost despondingly ' If I could only understand, — if you could only explain,' he said, in a puzzled way. The ghost of a smile played over her features : ' I tried to to-day, but yon were past hearing me, and now the change 1b gone.' And ehe glanced nervously towardB the open door.. . Then he remembered the pleading voice in his dreams,— the voice which had entreated him to listen and to understand. Was it no dream-fancy, hut a living reality, then ? , And it was Enid who had spoken this in j vain ? With a passionate intensity horn of the horrible feeling that he had "been tricked and outwitted, he oanght the Blender hand that WB8 hanging idly at her Bide, and pressed it earnestly. ' If I can serve you or help yon, I entreat yoa to command mo U bo said, almost breathlessly. She looked np at him swiftly ; her whole face became lit np, her eyes shone, her lips smiled tkere waa kope aacL gladness in ; every radiant feature, 4 X>> yvu TOSfcli it; really, really? Will you be my friend? Fromise it, quickly J' ' I promise it— I swearit, upon my honor!' he answered, fervently. Her hand dropped out of bis ; her face l'o- eumod its normal pale and almost hopeless apathy ; her eyes glanced beyond him to wards the door-. X will remember,' she said, almost iu- andihly. 1 X may want a friend 80 on, very boos. Then phe crouched down and warmed her hands at the fire. At this moment Mr, Eifby joined them. CHAPTER IU. One evening about a week later Bryant found himself standing, promsoly at eight o'clock, npon the door-step of No. 25 1 Halkin Street. Of all the many homes at which ha was accustomed to dine, there was ' none at whieh it gave' him greater pleasure to present himself as a guest. Mr. and Mrs. Challensrer were the greatest ( I friends he had in the world, and. Mrs. Chal- i lenger was certainly the only woman in bis i life whose society gave him any real pleaBure, She was the dearest woman on earth, he was wont to assert, and her house was the very nicest in all London. She had everything that could raoommoiid her to his esteem and appreciation. She was a smart, well-dressed little woman, with a sufficiency of good looks to render her attractive ; her conversation was olever and original, her views on all subjects were broad and liberal j and above all, and over all, and far "beyond all these other logger reoom- mendivtioDB, her oook was absolutely perfect, and her dinners the beat that could be imagined. To sit at her pretty table in the cosoy dining-room of her charming house, and to partake of those varied and wonderful entroes, those soups aud roasts, those savories and sauces, was enough to make the daintiest epicure render thanks to Heaven for the satiefftetiea of being alive to feast upon them. . Our friend Yalentine was most keenly gratified by these refinements of the gastro nomies! art. To difle at the Challengers7 was hut another name for dining as well aB It was possible to dine. He was conscious, too, that on the nights that he dined there the most flattering efforts were made oa the part ef Mb hostess and her satellite for his benefit; for your artist in cookery loves nothing so well as an appreciated dinner, and Mr a. Challenger and the oook used to audgel their brains together for hours in order to Invent new dishes for h'» delectation. Bnt la was not wholly for the dinners that Bryant liked to come to the house. The com pany pleased him quite as well, aud hie fellow-guests were always well chosen and harmoniously arranged. Mrs. Challenger was a past-mistress in the art of bringing the right people together, and, as she was very fond of Valentine, she always put forth her best efforts to please him. ' Yon are the nicest woman I know, Brincess,' he said to her one day, using in privacy the pet name by which her husband oalled her, and for whieh no one knew the why or wherofore , for there was nothing in the least imposing or princess-like about her. ' The only nice woman, I may say ; for you. are the only one who will allow mo to enjoy myself without wanting to marry me off rp pome girl or ether.' '"Why on earth should I want you to many T Marion Challenger answered. B you were married, I shonld lose yon : ' Hn homme marie est an hamme mart / I had just as soon, see you in your coffin. When you came to tell ma that it is to he, I shall pfart off and order my mourning.' i I don't think yon wilt have to wear crape on my account, then, Brincess.' ';I heartily hope not. Indeed, X begin to believe now that the danger is past, and that you are safe. I was terribly afraid for you at one time, for you know yon were a very good-looking fellow once, Valentine; hnt now— well, yon ore not quite so young as you used to be, and your bait? is getting gray at tbe temples.' ' And so you think I have overstayed my market, eh?' 1 We\\\\. X "woti'+i exactly bby tkttfc— ' iox. " ' / v v / really, seme girls are great foole.' j ' Thank yon excessively, gracious Princess!' and Bryant laughed heartily. ' Commend me to my greatest friends for home truths ! So you think no woman, not an utter fool, could care for me now ?' aud perhaps, I although he laughed, Valentine was just a little hit piqued, for a man's vanity never I growB old, whatever his looks may do. (To mi Oflwcmtfim) . 