THE CONTRIBUTOR. THE MYSTERY OF MERVALE. [BY LIONEL SPARROW]' (Continued. ,I He had spoken of our love .commend ed me to his mother's care. and had even told her, as she. said, of My.; pasion for music. But many, many weeks elapsed ere I made any use of the beautiful little music-room. It was only very gradu ally that I began to recover something of my former calm, and to take any note of things around me. Mrs Haw thorne seemed to be suffering much, not alone from grief, but from bodily ail ment also. Old Dr. Grahame was in almost continual attendance upon her. At length, however, his visits became less frequent, though they never ceased altogether. I-e was a very kindly old gentleman, and regarded me with' great interest and sympathy on the few occa sions that brought us together. By his advice I took long, solitary walks in the park-always returning by a pariticular route which he showed me, thus avoid ing the curious eyes of the servants. Mrs. Hawthorne and I now began to spend our afternoons in the mnusic-room. 1 found that she was scarcelyiess fond of music than myself, and that our tastes were congenial. The music was inter spersed witn conversation, of wvhich the subject was always the.same. At first every mention of Gerald's name:was -the key of tears ; but in tiime the sharpness. of our grief was replaced: by the tran quillity of sad remembr- ance.. I was never tired of playing, nor my companion of listening. :The.-(music -I played was of tie vague, ideal; dreamy kind-the beautiful sonatas .of' Mozart, certain of the calmer and more solemnly melodious pieces *:f ýBeethoven i;:.some; of the ricliest of the weirnd and mysteriously-; sugg.stiive compositions of Chopin and Mendelssohn Many. an-hourwas thus becguiled which else. had .been filled• with weariness. : :,. It was r.bt a very little while after :I began to ise the .pianio that a strange feeling of uneasiness g'raduallyvea-nc i over' -me. Otten-while playing.; wnpuld ex perience~ 'sehisation almostiridi cribable. In the midst of some. soft phrase a feel ing would steal- over ie that I was not alone-that, beside my companionr there was another person in the room. It was always merely?-momentary, and ait first I thought little of it-artribiting-it to nervousness, or to that kind of hallucini ation .with- which every. dreamer -i. fd miliar. . -. SOnce the feeling ?came uipon: me- so strongly, that I' :stoptped abru?ptly Y nd turned rotind. : 3" What is tha matter ?" asked Mrs. Hawthorne. - " I?'( --.' t .hiaught- you- had- gone," ' I stlammcired, ashaimed to c-nfes-th'e real cause of my uneasiness. I had been playing, the Inovly :fiirs't.mvemi t of~f the MoInlight .Sonta, and now, :without finishing it, I plunged at once into the tempestuous agitati.oh of the concluding part.} :It se'emued that4us psl.ny, could I ihake off the gihostly sensation whilc had so disturbed me: -.'. ' " You must. sondn more :of Irour tine in, thle open aii, Muriel,". said. Mrs. 'Hawthorne, L and retire earlier. You are growing nervous." .*-: .: i '' * :" .It happened tihat I. had not .taken much exercise of late, :and had had-very waleftil nights; so I set down: my strange agitation to the cause suggested, and ehdeaoured, by, observing: the- rules of physical health more closely, to regain somethin o a mniental tone. ": " :.The calm peace of my life. the sym pathetic ;kindness of my adoptive mother, and .immunity from all the petty c:res of ordinary- life'., combined • to soften the great griif .whihi; mnight otheiffrise nave been too much for tie. The meriry of Gerald was,. indeed, ever present, and at certain hours, the thought of ,what might haIve beeii ovieriwhelhmed ic with heavy sotrow; but I scceededLiu van quishing the demon of despair--or, at aitia in holding it alodf.:1"' ' - -IBumithat mysterious feeling would not be shaken off.' It haunted me like a ghost, and though I betrayed' no more .uneasiness in Mrs. Hawthorne s prfs ence .I felt it just the same. Tite trangest :thing about it wis, .that when alone in my ielTnmber, througlc the long interials of inso;inia whiich occasional'v divided my rest, or. While wandering ii~ the ;vasit pai'k, the feeling never: caiin 'ipon me. It was ionly while. playing some si?nule, dreamy melody in the little .mcsic-room, where our afternoions were aliimost invariably :'spent. -It :was; not longefore Ii settled it in my mind that Getrald's spiitit hoverei nheai me at those mibmeln s of ? ibstraction from all i'Frtii'" Ithings viichi the music !brought about: 1The riooi had fot merly ben oc cup edy iGierild, andi \liatniopre probable than Allth a Unis- di-mm trtal '-nttity slioukt. 'stll Rvisit iyt iusieen --especially wihefn.tie'hdei li'- had loved was there ? This .ida. so ffastened itself on my imagmiation h.hat I filt certain that". if I etrlied tlie muic room at ni-hit 1 should see. his din,, , eti real pihantom fl:,atmgi among. the ciurains or gliding over the floor. Tnis idea ' fixe 'in mi mind. i no: longer experleliced any uneasin.ss 'when tiie'tieelinig t asme over me. On, thecan trary, iifoutd a.; sit :of strainge h.ippi ness in '.it. liuxunii.td, a- it ivere, in tine ionsolin? beliefi thtt evan de.ith lad ith? ili"poei to a?bsolutply divitle in - froi .ny bel oviel-ihitt' Iis spii'ir, w: s piertnttd'ted"o er "sm the yeitiy5teri us b,,r'-i-r and niiiigle vwith min ovii". o An1 .I -t si times as I lieea!me steiped in this div".e sen ation, tlh- piano sfetiwd to s'ii be neath my toumlh, s toit. rli it too p,>s s'sse a sitl, and or tied with ,ui' own a psychic triniiy,. .Once, iwhen I seemed completely liftle u up from eat h,i .·i'n i)letelv'lost iainal ecS'asi of conmmunion, with thie soul of Geraldl, AMrs. I?1awt~ orne touic:ied me on the nriu an: l ispellvdc my wakill" dream n. I rfun t h"r in tears. " Iy poor child." she slid, " you are overwrought. Surely such music never caine from hunman hands before-there is none more sweet in heaven ! But you will harm yours?lf, my dear." " I was with him/1," I murmured, in a tremulous tone " why did you disturb us ?" (To be concluded.) SUNBURY MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.- A meeting of the committee of the above Institute will be held next Thursday night at 8.15. GOSPEL TEMPERANCE SOCIETY.-A meeting of the above society was held in the Presbyterian Church on Thursday evening last, when a nicely arranged programme of songs, recitations, and dialogues was submitted. Notwithstand- ing the wet night there was a large at- tendance. The Rev. J. H. Marshall, President of the Society occupied the chair, and opened the meeting with pray- er, and Mr. H. Clarkson delivered an address. The following programme was creditably rendered:-Anthem, "They that wait upon the Lord." Choir ; Solo, "The Vesper Hour," Miss Brewer ; Dialogue, Masters Clarence and Victor Burgess, Norman Benzley, George West, Willy Anderson, Willy Naughton, Bramwell Gilchrist. Frank Clayton ; Reading, "Saved by a publican's remarks," Miss Mills ; Solo, "Come ye wanderers," Mrs. Beardall ; Anthem, "The Lord is my light," Choir ; Recit- ation, "More than conqueror," Miss Edith Austin ; Solo "Christ my rock," Miss Brewer ; Recitation, "Down" Mr. Campbell ; Mrs . Beardall presided at the organ. A collection was taken up at the close which realised a satisfactory sum. The pronouncing of the Benedic- tion brought a pleasant meeting to a close. 