A HUMOURIST. Tí HlffKNTV-FlVB years ago that tuan car out to Australia with an engagement at £ per week." I waa lolling1 back In a easy chair in t reading room of the club, blowing ringB (moko and watching them dissolve. I hi returned that day to city life from the gu trees and myalls of three hundred mil westward, aud I was enjoying that speci of comfortable day dream that every bus tann indulges in when lie first arrives in tl tlty, but which in a, week or two is drlvi out of him by an insiiliiible longing to 1 in the saddle, and in the free, wide resinoi bash again. : . .. / - ¡ly dream was broken by the "ahoi remark. It was not addressed lo me. Ty gentlemen were sitting in the Window faclt Hunter-streeti and one said to the other: itu not a curious man, but anything Au trallan "25 years ago" has;a -magnet attraction for me, \ "Who is he ?" asked tho other "member. «He is a character in his way ; a natur, born humourist; a perfect original. As «aid, be drew £20 a week at one time I Sydney, and nowyou can gethlm fortwent «billings. " . "Why; whathappenec??" -.. I "Drink, my boy; nothing else, I hav known managers engage'him and keep hil under lock and key, to ensure his going o tha stage sober, and then ho would slip on ' ind get drimk In the intermission." "What does he do now ?" "Does a song nt night in. front of som har, or sticks a friend up in the day time an borrows a " bob'.'on promise'to puy"nejt time the ghost walks."-: "Oh, there aro plenty like him." "Not a bit of it. To have hin borrow a "bob" is quite -worth th money, for/her does it with .such humoui How yesterday, he borrowed one fron me, and this is the way., he did it. Yoi must imagine his peculiar, high voice ful of points and emphasis,'¡md'an a'ccouipnni ment of a dry cough, that seemed to ask yoi (ogive him a drink." -.'' "How d'ye do, old boy. This weather'i «ry dry, isn't it?" "No," I said, "there's been plenty .ol »In." .. - . ?It's dry to me though, devilish dry, 1 can always get extremely wet through bj fulling Into the water,.but it's the interna! organs that wants wetting." . Hook no notice of this hint. ! ..... "Boots," he said, presently, "yes, they've been good boots in their day, but that day j was not spent with me. It was not my day. I No, thoy passed the heyday of their youth In better company, and then passed on to ma i na a gift. It's true this one has no «ole, but I by polishing,'tho upper I keep up appear? anees," '' -, As a fact, ..he turnad his -foot ,up and displayed : the.. bara sole ; underneath, the upper being laced; across-;with leather In ionio marvellous way. '^'V'!.'?.': ... .;? i ? ?' -. .,' , ."It's my own invention. Don't give mo away. It's much healthier;'you know,'and Immures one- to'cold to' walk.'barefooted. Timi's nothing. Sbleless. bbots'are easier to the understanding tlian a dry throat.'' , ; "I will give you a better pair of boola.than those. Call at my o/flco'for. them," suki I.\\.; "For that'relief much thanks. A com paiiitively; worn , pair will -.refresh my soul, specially now'thc atmosphere ls so dry.". ' "Are you not doing anything ?" I asked. "No engagement at present, but several loom in tho .nearfuture. I did do a blt of Snrdenlrig last week, hut my luck wiia out. I uilstook the strawberry plants for a species of stinging nettle, and hoed them' up; and then, after destroying an asparagus bed, I Wils paid to cancel my engagement, and'the ?curtain was rung. down on my gardening. I told my employee I had as uiucb' know- ledge of gardening as Adam, and ho ' is known all over the world as . ".the grund old gardener." Gardening'is nearly aa dry work as talking." ," , I gave him a shilling and left. He called forthe boots, but I think he pawned them. You should see him on the stage blacked up ; he's Inmitablo." ;.'"-.' "Well." »aid Mm nlhAp mnmliw. T "Dl,n,,l,1 feel iucllueil tn find oui'if li o would drink himself to death for a sovereign. If that would do it, it would bo cliuap at thc price." Guardian Angels.-Tho Flying Squadron. German Salvation. - Tho " war cry " is .dead. Femalo Definition of Leap Year.-MÍBB Understood. .. What will Mr. Ulmniberlain say to Presi- dent Kruger when tiley meet? '.'Give us your Rand, old boy.". Three Men in a Boat,-Kruger, Ohainbor lulii, Jameson. Tit for Tat.-Counsel : "How old aro you, imiclnm?" Witness (savagely) : "Fortyrone. How old are you I Yon look about ninety." . Tho Be3t Arbitrator for the Venezuela Quustion.-Mr. W. G. Grace, the'champion cricketer; He knows the duty of an umpire, mid is suro to make "a boundary.lilt." . "How-did you get Borley out of your whist club-did you' iiBk'him td resign ?" "No, we'didn't like to do'that j but we all fralgned except Borley, and then we all got together and formed a new club." Hud some Idea of It,-" And have you never learnt to dance ? Tuen yon know nothing of the poetry- of motion." " Poetry of motion ? Groat Scott I I walked the floor with that boy of mine last night and recited 'Mother Goose' to him for four whole hours." He'd got Notice to Leave.-Mr. Mtifflnish : "There's something wrong with thlB teapot, walter; I can't get it to pour." Waittr: "It's not the fault of the teapot, sir, but tho 'tn. They brew it so wonk here, it really hus not strength to got up the spout." . A' Definition. - Teacher.: " What is iv mother?" Ohorusl "Tho thing what cooks our dinner.'' ? Coolon : " Fitzgerald says lie has doscinded 'rom some of tho greatest houses in Ireland." Mulcahy: "JIushaI So ho did inany's tho tolme-cm a Inddher." A Safeguard-The Widow : " Ho w strange I Tho people who live nour the cemetery claim they aro haunted hy tho ghosts of my three husbands." Tho Friend : "They should ask 5'ou to come and live with thora." 