. j ? ? [?] It's unlnoky to be killed on Friday. Couroge is the starch in tbo etllar o£ success. ' Selfisiiuess is one of the meanest kinds 1 of foolishness. ... We used to reap by sickles. Now wo rip on bicycles. Dead men tell no tales. Just as well; tbej'd be considered ghost stories. Can nhy connection be shown between tbe day rate of gold and the nitrate of silver ? ' A Government of fudge and flap ddodle.' We thank thee Jew for the word. Not a surplus but a . deficit o£ £600,000. How do the freetraders like it? Extremo happiness is always brief ; it can even be spelt with three lotters, thus — XTC. 733 app'intments! And still there are believers in tho policy of Mr. Beid and in Mr. ' Eeid as the head of thai policy. lie tried to sell lier y, shoo which lit Her foot, as one could see ; But it was unhappily, numbered 4, Alas I it was not2B. ? 'Time's money,' growloi tho disap pointed creditor. 'Well,' replied the persecuted debtor, 'haven't I always said I'd pay in time?' You cannot oscape the Nemesis, says Balzac. And Preetrade has brought its own, and the mask has fallen from the face oE its Mokanna, G. H. Reid. It is always the good boy Who falls into tho pool, And not the little bad boy Who runs away from school. Teachor:' What gender is the eartM' bcbolar: ' Feminine, miss.' Teacher: 'Nonsense! What makes you think so?' Scholar 'Well, nobody knows its real age.' 'There is no way to success !' exclaimed the despondent man. 'Oh, yes, there is,' returned the lazy nephew, who was wait ing for his nabob unole to die. ' Where there's a will there's a way.' A boxing match between Messrs; Crick and Meagher would draw like a mustard plaster. Can't some one pio mote it, and give the proceeds, or part of them, to the unemployed. The match would net a thousand pounds, if a penny. A BURNS ALPHABET. [By ' Suantkews.'] A is for Ayr, to Scotland moBt dear As the birthplace of ' Robin,' whom nations revere. B is for Burns, to whom it befel That his first lovo was centred in sweet, handsome Nell. C is for Cottar, meek, honest, and lowly, Whoso rcsourses are small, whoso plea* sures are holy. D is for. Doon, to which Scotland turns As tho smooth, flowing river, still hal lowed by Burns. E is the lilder, in whom it was mean To stand between Robin and Bonnie Jean. is for Friendship ; more saored is mine. When I meet with a friend in the days of lang syne. G stands for Gavin, of generous thought : V\ as, for wagging the kirk, to tho prcs- by try brought. H is for Hawthorn, under, whose boughs Mary and Robin exchanged their last ' vows. I is Independence, which all men inherit ; His Lordship has title, but manhood has merit. J is for John I wed long ago ; . Oh, bless his kind heart and his dear head of snow. K is for Kyle ; I had my reward When I viewed tho thatched cot of tho storm-ushered bard. L was a Lady, spruce, spieoy and smirk ? Who carried a louse on her bonnot to lcirk. M is for Maggie, meek, gentle, and mild : ; Now when we're married she'd drivo Satan wild. ; N' is for Nancy ; wore tho devil aroused, xlfi would ily back to Hades cro Nanco ho espoused. O is for Owl j grim, sad, and lonely, Flits through the night, sleeps by day only. P was a Parson, who warred with a Poet ; Made a mistake, and soon learned to know it, Q was a Quack, who resided in Ayr, Got his credentials, and left in despair, R was a Ranter, nick-named Holy Willio, Who got his deserts, and looked rather silly. S is for the Spring, but its bloom cannot: thaw The heart that is crushed for ho that's awa\ T is for Tarn, the famous O'Shanter, Who rode hero mare Meg — witclics couldn't supplant her. ? U is United j tho world's carc was spurned When sho wept on the breast of lior soldier returned. V is for tho Aralour of Scotchmen oft bled ; Freedom was crowned when valiant: Bruce led. W for Willie — good, honest and true, lflmbittcred his lifo by a terrible shrew I — Melbourne Herald , 