With the Summer. A PBAIRIE SKETCH. Chapter I. She loved him dearly. For three years had Mona been parted from her lover, AUck ; but to-day a missive has been carried across the wild prairies bringing the message to her longing heart—' With the summer, darling, I will come again.' Ah, how glad was the little ' prairie flower ' when she learned the message ! How full of joy was her heart when she read the words penned by a hand so sweetly familiar! To the pure heart of Mona it Eeemed as though the whole world had suddenly dawned with greater brightness just to make her naPPy» while all life's dreary shadows were banished for ever from mortal view, ' With the summer, with the summer! ' she sang as she strewed the grain for the poultry iu the yard. ' With the summer ! ' Bhe trilled in light melody to her pet pony while he nibbled from her hand the daily tit-bit which she brought to him. All the joys that human mind could conjure up, all the hopes of life's future happiness, seemed suddenly to have concentrated on that one word 'summer-time.' ' I wonder if he will think that I have greatly changed ?' she eaid to her father as th?y sat together one evening beneath the rustic verandah which sur rounded the house. ' Perhaps, when he returns, he ,will think but little of his 'prairie flower' after having lived so long among all the fair belles of London.' ' Never fear, lassie,' replied the old man, gazing at his beautiful daughter with a look of mingled love and admiration. ' Never fear. Alick is a sensible boy, and he knows full well that although be may see many a pretter face in bis wanderings, he will never find a. more loving heart than that cf my little girl' ' Thank you, dad!' laughed Mona, lightly kiss ing her father's aged cheek. ' But, you know, every person does not see me with your eyes, for remember that your love often blinds your vision— at least, when your daughter is concerned.' And so saj ing, Mona tripped lightly away to attend to some of t*ie innumerable little duties which fell to the lot t-f a housekeeper on the. prairies. ' ' ' ? ' Thus the weeks went past, and the mouths were left far behind in tfce avaricious clufebes of Old Father Time ; but the maiden was glad, for she knew that with the fleeting hours the iune was ever drawing nearer when two hands and two hearts would mset, never to part again on earth. Chapter II. It is a still evening, about the end of August. Sitting alone in the little parlour of Rockview are old Robert Lee and his diughter, Mona. The summer has passed quickly by, and now they are hourly expecting ta see in the doorway the form of one for who3e advent they wait with but little patience. Until the dusk had fallen, Mona had been reading aloud to her father, over whom the feebleness of old age was quickly creeping : and now that she is no longer able to read the words, the book has fallen idly from her hands, whilst her thoughts wander into that fairyland of day-dreams so dear to the time of girlhood. For some time the father and daughter sat silently together, when of a sudden they were roused from their reverie by the long-drawn, melancholy whine of a c ''vote, the district at that lime being somewhat troubled by wolves of that species. It so happened that on this evening all the ranchmen were absent from home ' rounding up,' and as Mr. Lee heard the wolves drawing nearer to his homestead, he be came concerned for the safety of some young stock which were running loose in the ravine at the head of which the house was built. ' I wish some of the boys had remained behind,' he said, with some anxiety. ' If those animals take it into th°ir heads to come down into the ravine they will leave us with but few of our calves by the morn ing. If I could only go out myself I would soon make short work of them ; liut I feel too weak to move now. It is hard to know that you are getting too old to do that which a year ago was mere play.' ' Let me go, dad ! ' exclaimed Mona, jumping from h?r seat with alacrity. 'May I? You know the coyotes are cowards when near a houte, and if I take the rifle they will probably go away as fast as they came ; besides, I would like to get a wolf -skin tj show Alick — when he comes ; so do let me go, daddy!' When the reader remembers that in the olden days, as now, many of the prairie-bred girls were able to handle a Winchester with as great effect aB many a bearded sportsman, he will neither be sur §rised at Mona's request nor at the old man's confi ence in the abilities of his dj.ughter. ' Well, well,' he repl:ed, feeling relieved at any suggestion for the safety of his young stock, ' I suppose it cau do no harm if you do go, but take care of yourself. Lassie ; go no farther than the garden fence, and c me back as soon as you see that all is right. Perhaps ecme of the boys will be in from- the 4 round up' soon, and then they can look after mat ters themselves.' So, taking down the Winchester from the walland putting a few cartridges into the magazine, Mona tlipped quietly into the garden, forgetting her hat in her excitement, and hoping for,, an opportunity to level her rifle at one of those disturbers of the peace, and so add perhaps another to her already long list of achievements which had won for her a wide spread reputation as a markswoman. Chapter III. When Alick Norwood arrived at the stage ter minus he found that it was' already early in the evening, so instead of delaying at the small inn — dignified by the name of ' Rocky Creek Hotel ' — he decided to walk (he familiar three miles which lay between that house and Mr. Lee's ranohe. The evening was all that could be desired for the walk, for the air was soft and fragrant with perfume from the many wild flowers ; the trees] and shrubs were clothed in their richest garments, 'and the in numerable song-birds were just warbl'ng their last evening hymn as they retired to their leafy homes for the night. Along the well-worn road the young man strode, and as he neared the borders of the Lee estate his steps unconsciously quickened and his heart beat with eagerness as his mind dwelt on the happiness which would soon be his. The pathway to the farmhouse takes a sharp turn towards the hillside, and as A.lick entered the ravine, at the top of which was situated the house he sought, it was just light enough to see one's footsteps, and just dark enough to render indistinct such objects as were not directly at band. The road leading to the garden was steep, and as Alick reached the incline his pace slackened, and a strange timidity seemed to steal over his usually fearless spirits. ' I wonder if she will be as glad to see me now as she ueed to be in the olden days,' he murmured to himself. ' I almost wish I could meet her alone before going into the house. I have it I*' he ex claimed suddenly, as a bright thought breaks upon his mind. Then acting on the impulse of the moment, Alick crouched behind a small maple scrub and uttered a faint cry in imitation of a coyote's whine, euch as he used to make u-e of when announcing his presence in fie days when his betrothal to Mona was a secret known only to them selves. Again and again he repeated the cry, and the hills and trees taking up the sound echoed and re-echoed it until one might have supposed that the ravine was- swarming with wild animals. Slowly he creeps up the road, whining gently at every step, each moment expecting to hear a. cry from the house and see his loved one rushing down the hill to meet his embrace ; when suddenly — before be has time to utter a word, a figure rises out of the darkness before him, a sharp click of a rifle is heard — a bright flame leaps forward, lighting up the gloom for a second— a wild scream of agony pierces the air, and Alick Norwood falls to the ground, pierced through the lungs with a rifle bullet! — * It is now many years since this incident took, place. Old Robert Lee still lingers in this life, though soon to leave it, and by his sides sits the ghost of the former ' prairie flower,' Mona. The once golden locks are silver, and the rosy cheeks are blanched an ashy whiteness ; the bright eyes are sunk and listless, while a smile of eilent resignation rests on the face that was once so full of light and animation. Happily the past to her is all a blank, but as you enter at the door a flash of expectation seems to light up the sad features, a- light which quickly fades when she sees the incomer. Then with a stifled sob, to hear which makes one's heart bleed, the once lovely Mona turns to a tattered letter which she holds in her hand and sighs — ' With the summer, with the summer he will come again ! ' — C. F. Aegtli, Saxby, in the North British Ad vertiser. 