ECHOES OF DEBATE HEARD IN THE GALLERY. RAILWAY WORKS PASSED. THE ESTIMATES. Tuesday Evening. An early start was made this evening on Government business, and fair pro gress was made. The Treasury Bonds Bill was taken up In committee at the last stage, which embraced the Items ag- gregating L75.000 set down tor railway rolling stock and permanent way. As usual when any matter In before the House concerning railway expenditure, hon members hod a good deal to say; but there was nothing very Inspiriting in the debate. Mr Baker seized on the first Item of LIS, 000 for converting 60 first- class bogle cars Into second-clans corridor cars, and moved that It be reduced by one third; but the amendment was subsequently rejected. The veteran member for Ararat Invit ed the Minister to give some Informa tion, or threatened he would have "much to say." Mr Williams needed no other InducemenL He quoted the re port of the Railway Inquiry Board, In favor of more comfortable accommoda tion for the 70 per cent, of the travelling public who used second class curriagvs. There wan, besides, he declared, a de mand for Improvement for that large claw of customers. Another strong ar gument employed by the Minister was that the Railway Commissioner, who wn» a first-class man and an expert, re commended the works, and tint he knew better what wan required than hon members', who were mere amateurs. This last shot, however, appeared to mfcs Its mark. / "No sooner do we get a new manager than we begin to lavish money alKMit an If we had never seen the folly of such a policy." This was Mr Longrnore's comment, and he expressed the fear that Mr Mnthleson was "following In the footsteps of his predecessor, who had been cashiered." "The disgraceful and abominable" con dition of second class carriages running In country districts sectned to Mr Out- trim to Justify the. proposed expenditure, but both he and Mr W. Anderson, who fnllnu'ivl him. nnratlntinl the wisdom of building the 60 new flrst-class corridor oars out of ordinary railway loon funds, as mentioned In the Budget papers. The member for Windermere drew attention to the fact that In addition to the 1.7.1,000 on tho schedule of the Treasury Bonds Dill, L130.000 was to be spent on railway works out of loan moneys dur ing the next three years. The thorough grip which Mr Styles has obtained of railway affairs, was again evidenced In the brief speech which he made In support of tho Item. He depricat«Ml Mr Longmore's attack on Mr Mnthleran before thnt gentleman had had a ghost of a show to prove his worth. On tho ground that corridor cant were "draughty, cold and uncomfortable," Mr M'Ooll. who was petulant all the evening, opimxuhI tho first Item. He did not think the proposed cars were neces sary, and suggested that Mr Mathleson argued to himself that ns he wns to be nt the department for only five years, he would try and get a good name for himself, not caring whether the railways paid or not. A eliorus of disapproval, lrd by Mr Styles, followed, nnd Mr M'Coll turned on the elect of WUllams- town and told him that he. too, didn't <vire how much money was spent, as he wns Newport's representative. Of course he had to retract that remark. The wretched lighting of carriages furnished Mr T. Smith with a theme, and his comments were concurred In by other honorable members. "While thinking the whole vote too small, and scarcely worth his notice. Mr Rogers picked out tho Item of £U,000 provided towards relaying the line be tween Dlmboola and the South Aus tralian border Tor the purposes of his speech. Ills object In doing so appeared to be chiefly for tho purpose of alluding to tho accident to tho Adelaide express. In that connection, he strongly sup ported "Tho Herald's" advocacy of open enquiries, ns he looked upon the present Investigations ns mere farces. Instead of spending £15,000 In convert ing firsl-clrum carriages into second- class corridor cars, Sir Lovlen and Mr Murray, nnd subsequently Sir John M'Jntyre, suggested that all that was needed was to erase the word "flrst" nnd tho word "second" on the carriages. Tho members for Barwon and Warrnombool concurred In Mr M'Coll's condemnations of corridor cars, and the Opposition leader argued that the demand for now works and repairs to such an extent Indicated negligence on the Minister's part during the last two years. A protest against breaking up six- ton trucks wns voiced by Mr Graham, and after the Minister had explained a great deal, and Mr M'Kenxle had adversely criticised the Items generally, they were all 7>asscd. The .remainder of the bill wns pushed through committee after some crossfire between the Premier and Mr M'Coll over the question whether a portion of the sum of £35,000 set aside for bonuses should be used for paying £8000 already earned and due. Being unsuccessful In nn attempt to alter the title of the hill, Sir John M'Intyro, apparently piqued, exercised his right to block the third reading this evening. The supplementary estimates went through committee flying, and a supply bill having been passed to pny the £101.010 they provided for, the Chief Secretary then got through the balance of his estimates smartly. Only a little time was occupied too over those of the Altorney-Gonorarsdepartment. Mr Gray elicited Incidentally from Mr Isaacs thnt Mr Akchurst would retire from the ser vice on reaching his 60th- year on the 17th Inst. . v . In piloting through the estimates of the Solicitor- General, Mr Isaacs had to listen to several complaints by country members about insufficient attendances of police magistrates, who, thoy said, were overworked. ' Tic promised enquiry. Mr Gray wns rapped hard across the knuckles by Sir John M'Intyro and Mr Irvine for saying that Mr Panton, P.M., ought to be got rid of. and Mr Murray Smith nun nntinllc fu»vnri> nn that mnm. ber for Emerald IHII for . Ills caustic references to tho ' eminent- P.M. The Attorney-General Intimated that there was no Intention of retiring Mr Panton' and his two other sexagenarian F.M.'s at present. At a quartor-nnst It members turned their footsteps homewards. In the Council the Companies Rill was further discussed, and the debatable clauses referred to a Select Committee. 