Miaa Ingram often boasted of her powers to sleep. She was not nervoua. Her diges tion was good. Her health was perfect. Oooe in bed and the oandle ont, and she was fast asleep and en route to dreamland, while other less fortunate people were filing their flooks of sheep over narrow Btiles, or counting thoir numerals, or repeating poetry, Bat on that Saturday night, for the first time for many yearo, her happy power deserted her. She heard the beeming of the waves along the Bhore, an'd the tloking of the olocfe upon the stairs, and the mloe running their midnight races behind the wainoootinc; of her room, and in vain ! did she eaaay to think oat a sabjeat for an , article or ruminate upon the plot of the ramarfcable novel she intended to write noma day. Her mind was in no hamear for either pretending to be inactive, or for smuggling aleep into its reoesBes by any other hypooriay. She lay wide awake for at least tw > hoara, and then fell only into a half sleep, in which things oonneoted with the past day seemed to be as real to her aa if she was still awake. It was in this intermediate state that ahe beard her door gently pushed open and saw a figure pass stealthily between her bod and the wall. The click of a door bronght her to the moment of olear consciousness, and Bhe hastily sprang up and lit her aandle. "The ' Admiral's Room," which she oooapied, was a large apartment, and had in it two doors. One was the door com municating with the landing outside. The other presented itaelf to the eye as the entrance to a large cupboard, in whioh were pegs for banging dresses. This convenience I she bad made use of, and as she opened the door &ud; looked in her dresses nooapied their Beveral plaoeB, and were undisturbed Now the door had certainly ollnked on this side of the roeia, at least twenty feet from the ordinary door. It was, perhaps, a esse in which her half'dormant senses bad been deoeived; bnt she waa not sufficiently imaginative to suppose that she bad in vented a door in her sleep. Taking np her oandle again she entered the oapboard, and examined it more attentively. It was panelled as was the rest of the room, and there was no trace of any seoret door. Bat she felt convinced that such a doer existed, and that someone' had passed through her room and fonnd egress on this side by its means. She, of oaurse, did not believe in ghosts. A figure in her room at night oonld only be the figure of a being of flesh and bloed. Tho clinking of a door was no supernatural sound. Bat as she got into bed again she failed to explain either the figure or the | sound on any reasonable hypothesis, and eimply rebuking herself for being silly enongh to puzzle herself about them, she determined that she had been deceived by, perhaps, the movement caused by a sudden draught of air. She put the matter in syllogistic form for her own satisfaction. The figure passed from the outer door to the oupboard-door and disappeared. The figure la not In the cupboard, there* fore if it disappeared there must be a door conoealed in the oupboard. But there is no door conoealed in the oupboard. Therefore no figure can have disappeared. Q. E. P., added Molly, patting out the candle, and putting her head upon the pillows. Bat she was wrong, aa she had to learn bsfore many days, Tfc is enough at the preBent to state that BUnohe Foyle had, by a secret imparted to her by Mrs Carringfcon -much to Hannah's indignation and dia gtiat-left the house in the night by the turret-door, and was new passing with slippered feet down the garden walks, and b; the sig-z#g path to the beaoh. Out of the shadowed entrance of the oave, from which Bhe herself, as wo saw, suddenly revealed her presence to Miss Ingram In the morning, now appeared the figure o£ a man, smoking a oigarette. .. Paul!" she said, in a low tone. "I am here, How late yoa are 1" " I thought 1 should never have oome at all, I don't like this business of playing ihe ghost," " Have you brought it ?" " No; I told you that it was impossible. I have bronght jeu a few things, bat I told you a week ago that money was oat of the question. Yoa had better take what you oan get and sell them. Two of the rings should fetch a pony apiece. They are real diamonds." " The gift of the revered Mr Foyle !" "You feol, to Bappose I Bhould give you anything of his! The maa withdrew to the shadow of the cave and struck a match, whloh enabled him to examine the little leather oases Bhe had placed in his hands, " Pooh !" ha said. " These are good for nothing. I want money." " Yon always did, Paul, exoept when you wera flash for six weeks" " Aad money L mast have. Now, I can't come fooling ovor here at this time of night all the way from Dartmouth and get nothing for it. I will give yon nntil Mon day night." .' It's not the slightest use. Yon might just as well oome and expect me to giva yoa j CHAPTER XIII. MOLLY'S LAST CIGARETTE. the moon. I have no money, and I oan't gefc It." " Bat yoa shall get it I" he said, with an oath. *' Ask the fellow here to give it yon or lend it to yon." " Impossible 1" "Well, have it your own way. You know the alternative ?" "Yea ; but mind, Paul, that if yeu blew on me, I shall blow on yon. What will yon gain?" '. What shall I gain P" he repeated. " Do yon suppose I oare a threepenny- piece what happens to me? This is my last shot, and if it fails I oan make a hole in the water, I suppose, or take a leap off the oHffa, as ether and better men than myself have done before me. I think yon may as well nnderatand that I am a desperate man." " Do you think your sister would do any thing for yon ?" " Molly ? No. Molly's affeotion for me is so great that she wonld probably take the earliest opportunity of getting me safe from the reach of all fnrther temptation In Portland or Dartmoor. For Heaven's sake, don't breathe a word to her of my being here! Besides,' I don't suppose she has more than enough te pay her way. Go to yonr sailor " " ItnDoaaible I" "How about FoyleJ Can't; you eat a little dirt for my Bake? Yon would have done it once, Blanohe." "Paul, you are a cad to ask snoh a thine." " Well," be tall, shrugging hia shoulders, " go your own way. On Monday night I shall come over from Dartmouth by train, reaching here at 0.15. I shall have my bag. and ahill oatoh the train to Ezeter at 10.35 I shall oome up here, and you'll give me the pieces. Failing that, you'll go to the bad, aa quioklv as a moral nation can make yon." * "And if I bring the money ?'' " Then yon and I will make a ran for it, get to Plymouth, and ga off a-BalUng over the ocean blue, my dear, and make a fresh start," "Thank you," Bhe said. "When I do turn over a new leaf, it will net be with your assistance, I think. Well, come on Monday, and I will think it over in the! meantime." " Here ?" "Yes, Captain Cardington and the girl are going to a Harvest Home affair at the other side ofNorthoombe, and won't be home nntil late, BO yon oan come here with* oat anyone being abeat. Perhaps I will meet yon. Come by the road<" " Well, remember that I mast have the coin." ' [ " I'll remember what yen say." #** * « "Molly 1" oame a gentle voioe at Miss Ingram's door.' " Are you asleep !" Miss Ingram was sufficiently awake to recognise Margaret's voioe, "No. Come in," she said. " I can't sleep," said Margaret. " I am sare there is someone aboat. My window is open, and I distinctly heard voioes." She went to the window and peeped ont between the slats of the Venetian blinds "Look!"' she whispered, "There are figures down by the flag-pest. I oan Bee them distinctly." Mica iDgram got out of bed. There was jaat light enough to see two figures stand* Jug out against the sky, bat not enoagh to distinguish them. " Shall I oall Diok ?" asked Margaret. *' No 5 let us watch." " Do yon think they oan ba burglars ?" Margaiet'a teeth were ohattering, '' Can't say," said Molly. " Get into my bed, Meg ; your teeth are ohatteriog. Ah 1 they have moved. One has gone down the path ; the other is coming up the garden !" She muttered something to herself and re mained fixed at the window. Then suddenly ther® was a slight, grind ing noise, as of a door pushed open upon an uneven surface, Molly sprang Into bed and threw the clothes over Margaret, whispering : " Shut your eyes, and pretend to bo fast asleep." Margaret obeyed, but Molly felt that she was quaking. A slight oiiok, and then the opening of the cupboard-door very quietly-just half an inch-and silenoe. Molly snored. In another moment the door had opened Bis inohes-a foot-a foot and a half-two feet, t and was softly pushed to again, but not absolutely oloaed. M <lly snored loudly, squeezing Margaret's hand tightly under the olothes to give her confidence, I The figure of a woman paBsed noiselessly aoross the room, and lightly opened the door and disappeared, " Bid you Bee her ?" whispered Molly. "Banohe Foyle ! Oh, Molly, what onn this mean ?" "I think I can guesa. She is a thief I Look np everything you have. Depend npon It, nothing ia safe. Bat say nothing to anyone. Leave this to me." "I oan never speak to her again," moaned Margaret. This took plaoe early OD the Sunday morning. Margaret went baoki to her own room before the servants began to move about the house, bat felt too poorly to get ap, and sent word by Phyllis that, having a headache, she would remain in bed. After breakfast Diok looked at his watoh; " Who is going to church?" he &Bkei.; He never failed to attend the morning service on SundayB when he was at home. " Shall you come, BUbb Ingram ? " " I think not thia morning. I will Btay at home with Meg, who really seems very ill." " I will go to ohuroh, then,", said Blanche. And although Dick would have arranged things differently, he found himself com mitted to the walk to Northoombe and baok with Mrs Foylo. He devoutly hoped that ehe would behave herself, and she remark ably surpassed his expectations. Everything in her conduct-hercarrying of. the dainty prayer-book, her attitude during the service, her apparent attentiveness to the Bev. Mr. Wallace's very dogmatic) sermon-was ad mirably conventional. She waB tee clever to overaot her part. On the way home she appeared serious and perfectly reasonable. Diok," she said, " I have been thinking over our conversation. I have made up my mind that your advice, as ever, Is the best. I have already trespassed too muoh upon the klndneBa of your mother. I think I will pack up and go up to London on Tuesday. There is somebody in London who micrht be able to Bhow me some way of patting mj mueic and dancing to good rise. I want to rise out of the unprofitable level, as that man said in his sermon, tbongh I suppose he meant that we were te go in for more ritualism. However, I will try. You said you cou'd help me. I shall not look upon it as a gift;, bat as a loan-a few pounds to pay my way until I can get into something certain. It's very absurd, but I am almost penniless." "You shall have two hundred potmdB whenever you like," Bald Diok, cheerfully. "To-morrow " 8he asked,looking up at him arohly. " Well, that's certainly short notloe. But I'll woik it somehow. Lord Charlbury's steward would probably be able to eash me a cheque. He haB dona it for me before. Yes, 1 think I may promise you all, or nearly all, to-morrow. I'll ride over the first thing in the morning," " You are so good to me !" she said, in a broken voice. "I cannot tell you how deeply I feel it. Sentiment is not much in my line, but ?" " YCB, I think I amuse her, and she wanted rouBlng," '.Blanche," B*id DIok, very earneatly, "have you any idea whether my mother ever goes oat early in the morning ?" "Ah 1" Bhe Baid, playfully, " that's her secret. She doeB sometimes. bat Bhe does not want anyone to know about it. I waa net to tell yoa. She goes oat sometimes, and then slips Into the houBe and gets into bed again." " But why ? " he asked, with a puzzled expression. "obe suiters so much from insomnia, and was nervous about herself. Bat now she takes a little mixture I persuaded her to get. It is from a prescription whioh a dootor gave me onoe when I had insomnia. She Bleeps splendidly when ahe takeB a few drops at night." Dick WAB silent. " I oan't see why she wanted to keep the matter so secret," he Bald. " Oh, that was for your sake. She wa9 dreadfully low, and thought that insomnia meant that she was going to die." " It haa caused me a great deal of trouble, trying to make out why I Bhould see her oat, and then be told by the servants that she was in bed. Poor old mother ! So that is the explanation of the mystery ? Well, I am glad that yon have been able to do something for her. What are these drops you speak of ? " " Oh, quite harmless. I took them rega Inly for months Something soefching, with ja8fe s dash cf morphia. It's given to people with neuralgia. Well, I'm glad that I went to ohnroh. Do 70a know, I think I am & better woman for it ? " Dlofe thought her tone implied sincerity. "I suppose," he said, "that none of us can come into contact with even the out skirts of a kingdom of high and beautiful ideals without being the better for it ? " " Yea," said Blanche, very meekly; then, in a sudden return to her old wicked Belf, which spoilt everything-" that old peint lace on the holy man's surplice was very uplifting. It was exactly my ideal of a perfect lace." Dlok was annoyed. She bad just failed to leave upon him a favorable impression. She had> moreover, led him to commit him Belf to a serious thought, which had been germinating mysteriously in his own inner consciousness, and had then made fan of it. Now, perhaps one of the most unpardonable sins of which women are guilty is to draw a cheque upon thereaerveof private philosophy which la hidden away somewhere in every mind, and then to dishonor it. On their arrival at the hoase they were met by Miss Ingram, wearing & very grave face. "Margaret la very ill," she Baid. "I went np to HrB Cardington and suggested that the doctor should be sent foy, bat she thought that it was unnecessary, Still, I really think that it would be well to have him. There is certainly something more than a feverish headaohe the matter." " He shall be sent for at onoe," said Dlok, quietly, walking away to attend to the business at once. Mrs Foyle walked to a garden-ohair and threw herself into it, "Awfully hot!" Molly acknowledged the remark bj ft motion of her head, " Churoh was hot, Binging was bad, sermon was slow! I wonder why theBe good people, who want to make the world straight and smooth, go about their work like a great lumbering steam-roller, thumping over you backwards and forwards as if they expected to crush everybody down to their own level of dulnees ! I wonld give all the money in my purse for a glass of gln-«ling Dlok ? Oh, he's gone to see about the sick girl. Well, Miss Ingram, do you carry a olgarefcte.oaBe ? For goodnesa sake give me something to smoke, if only to keep away the flies. Buzz, buzz, buzz! . Beelzebub and all the legions must be in the air to-day. Do you ever go to the mnsio-halls, Miss Ingram ? " Mrs Feyle took a oigarette from the oaae which the other had placed on the seat beBide ber, and, striking a light, threw her head baok and smoked into the air. Molly took the oigarette-case, and, without a word, slowly walked down the garden and threw it into the sea-an action whioh Mrs Foyle greeted with a burst of laughter. Mo ly had for ever done with cigarettes. The strongest moral teacher is Disgust. (To ha Continued). "S»y nothing about it," said Diok, care lessly. "And yoo don't feel In the least bit aorry that I'm going to say good-bye ? This was a difficult question to answer. He temporised a little. " I want you to get into a happier and more satisfactory mode of life. That seems the firBt thing," " Perhaps you are right. Bat I have been very happy here, and am very grateful to yon all f>r the kindness I have resolved. I love year mother, Diok, and think she is a perfect darling." " You seem to have got on pretty well with W: -.sMa.-.igi-I 