Major Vandeleur's Trust. BY JoIS STRANGE WINTEx. CHAPTER I. Two men were smoking under the brilliant, stars of an Afghan sky-the one, George Vandeleur, major of the White Lancers ; the other a mere boy, by name Geoffrey Mainwaring, a lately joined subaltern of the Cuirasseurs. Major Vandeleur was a man of little more than forty-a handsome man, but I with a cloud of care over the eyes, I which ought to have been full of life i and energy. Young Mainwaring was scarcely more than a boy; long and 3 lithe and strong, with a mere shading of dark brown on his upper lip, and still the gay laughter that he brought with I him a few months before. He looked E aside at his companion, as a sigh-an unmietakeable sigh-fell upon his ear. " Major," he said, "you're down in the mouth to-night, sir. I hope you had no bad news by the mail to-day ?" The older man shook himself to- I gaether. "No, not that, Mainwaring-quite the contrary, in fact-for my home news was most cheering. But I feel somehow i -well, I've got a sort of presentiment 1 hanging about me, and I can't shake it off, try as I will.":' "I don't think, major," said the lad, I respectfully, "sitting out here is likely 1 to help you to get rid of it-I don't, r really." "No, perhaps not. Let us go in," said the major. Before either of them rose from their chairs, however, the major asked the subaltern a question "Have you any sisters, Mainwar ing ?" "No, sir; nor brothers," he replied. "Ah I And your father, of course, r is living ?" "No, major. My father died fiftleen I years ago, when I was quite a little I chap. My mother died when I was born." "Then you are quite alone in the world ?" "That is pretty much about it, sir," I in a tone of one who did not find the position a: particularly trying or hard one. "Ah, indeed I Yes, yes'; buL it's i not so bad for a boy to be left as a girl." "I should say not," feelingly re marked Mr Mainwaring; " but, for my part, sir, it's so long since I had any relations that I've got pretty well used I to it." "And your guardian ?" " Oh, my guardian's an old duffer !" the young man answered promptly. " It's no fault of his that I didn't go to the Jews and make ducks and drakes of my property years ago. As it was, how ever, I got along on a very beggarly allowance, and put the time in till I be came of age, and also my own master." "Oh, then, you are of age ?" said the senior. " Yes. I am nearly two-and-twenty, sir. Late in joining ? Well, that's so; but you see, major, I had to do the military grind, for my old fool of a guardian had what he called scruples about my going to Sandhurst. Yes, it was a nuisance, but it's pretty much the same now." "I don't know why I should tell, Mainwaring," he said, filling his pipe with slow but steady fingers, "but I have an idea that I shall never get out of this alive " "Indigestion, sir," said the young man promptly. He did not suffer in that way himself. "Never had it in my life," answered the major, with equal promptitude. "No, it's something quite different and the thought of my little girl at home clings to me like a ghost." " Your little girl, major 7" exclaimed the young man. " Why, I didn't even know you were married I" "No more I am-at least, my wife died five years ago," Major Vandeleur answered, "and I'm like you, Main waring, I haven't got a relation in the world; not one, except my little girl. Ah, poor little woman; it goes to my heart to think what'll becomre of her if anything happens to me !" "Oh I but nothing will happen to you, sir; at least, it's very unlikely," cried the young man, with a great deal more cheerfulness than he felt. "And, you know, thinking about it is the very worst thing possible, and the most likely to bring it about. You oughtn't to do it, major, really." "No, I know," smiling faintly; "so I'll go indoors and see what the rest of them are after." He got up then, and went along the half ruined verandah towards the large room which was the temporary mess room of his regiment, and young Main waring followed him in, going Etraight way in search of an" iced peg," feeling more than sorry for the handsome fellow who seemed to have taken such a fancy to him since they had been thrown to gether in this dreary land, wherein all .uropcans became as brothers in their feeling towards each other, and yet, thocgh sorry, he was glad to get away from his immediate vicinity. "By Jove l" his thoughts ran, as he put the glass down after draining its contents, "but I should feel dencedly uncomfortable if I had that sort cf fore boding. And he has a child at home, poor old chap !" Well, the followinr day there was a sortie from Cabol, and some of our men were killed and several oficers dange rousnely wounded, among them lMajor Vandelenr. And an hour or two later, when the fighting was over, young Mainwaring got back into camp, some body came to him and esid " By-the- bye, are you Mr Mainwaring, Of the CUirassiera 7" "Yes," he replied. "Major Vandelear, of my regiment, has been brought in badly wounded-I believe mortally so-and he is asking for you. Will you go and see him 7" "To be sure. By Jove I Poor chap, he was expecting this !" he exclaimed. "'Pon my word, I am sorry ! Go to him? By Jove that I will I Where is he ?" "In his own quarters. I'll show you," said the other, and in less than three minutes Geoffrey Mainwaring, all dirty, dusty, and battle-stained as he was, was shown into the room where George Vandeleur lay dying. He went up to the bed as softly as he could, but the Major heard his foot tsteps and opened his eyes, unmistakably he eyes of a dying man. " Major, I'm so awfully sorry-" the younger marn began. "Yes," said the other, faintly. " All up with me now. I knew they'd get me. Wanted to see you." And there he stopped and closed his eyes, and Mainwaring looked round anxiously for the doctor, thinking that the poor fellow was on the very point, as he put it afterwards, of slipping his cable. The major, however, opened his eyes again. " No, don't call anyone. I shall hold out a bit longer. I want to ask you something." " Yes, sir, I am listen'ng," young I Mainwaring answered. " What is it, sir ?' " My little girl," said the major, with r a look of appealing anguish; " she's all alone in the world, and I've-I've never made my will or anything." "Then make it at once, sir," said young Mainwaring, promptly. "Yes, I know. I've told Vickers." Vickers was the chaplain. "But a guardian-she must have a guardian- I and, Mainwaring, I want you to be her 1 guardian. Will you T' "Of course I will, sir," said the I young man, instantly. At that terrible moment he would have promisel anything which would have given or seemed to give the dying man a moment's peace of mind. " There will be a few hundreos a year -enough to bring her up properly," the major said more feebly. "Then will you- tell -Vickers 7" So Mainwaring went and fetched the chaplain, and the major told him that he was to put down the name of Geoffrey Mainwaring, of the Cuirassiers, I as guardian and sole trostee of his child, Mary, then in the charge of Mrs Tem pleton, of No. 17 South Kensington square. "She's at school there," he said faintly to Mainwaring. It was very soon done, for Mr ] Vickers had got the will ready, leaving only the name of the child's guardian to be inserted. Then the major, who was rapidly sinking, scrawled his name in the place where the doctor indicated; the chaplain and the doctor both added their names as witnesses, and the dying man closed his eyes, feeling that after all it had not been too late. They had not a very long vigil, for bafore the dark fell George Vandeleur had entered into rest and the light which knows no night, and Geoffrey Mainwaring went out of the quiet room with a new burden of responsibility upon his shoulders. CHAPTER II. A year had gone by, and Geoffrey Mainwaring found himself in London again for the first time since he had become the guardian of Major Vande leur's daughter. He had, of course, written to the lady in whose care the child was, had explained that by the late Major Van deleur's will he had become her guar dian; that he hoped she was well and was not fretting much after her father; that at present he had no prospect of coming home from India, and therefore if the child was well and happy there was no need to disturb existing arrange ments, and that he would instruct his lawyers to continue the same payments made by the late Major Vandeleur. To this he received several letters from Mrs Templeton. In the first one she expressed her sorrow at the major's death ; told him that Mary, not havlng seen her father for more than three yeass, was not, naturally, in as deep grief as the death of a parent would under more ordinary circumstances have occasioned ; that she was well and, she trusted, happy-and so the letter went on until Geoffrey Mainwaring got to the end of it and laid it down with a pity ing, " Poor little soul, it must be poor sort of comfort living with an old cat like that I" The other letters were of a business nature pure and simple, and they inva riably ended " Mary is well and happy, gets on very well with her lessons, and wishes to be remembered to her guardian." And somehow, when Mainwaring got to the end of one of Mrs Templeton's stiff and precise letters, he always said to himself "Poor little soul l'-which was Mary Vandeleur, of course. Well, at the end of a year he had a very bad return of an attack of fever which he had had in Afghanistan, and so nearly slipped his cable, to use his own words, that he was bundled off home in a desperate hurry. So it hap pened that at the end of May he found himself in London once more, and really feeling quite his own man; so much so as to have a certain shamed feeling about him of being a complete fraud to be home on sick leave. And, naturally enough, his first thought, having no home ties of his own, was of the little orphan in South Kensington-esquare, whose life, though he had never seen her, had been so strangely bound up with his own. Therefore, as soon as he had turned himself round, so to speak, he got into a cab and went off to see her. "I suppose I'd better ask for the old cat first," he said to himself, as he rang the bell. Yes, Mrs Templeton was at home; so he sent in his card, and was shown into a stiff and ghastly drawing-room, hung round like a bazaaer with trophies of needlework-a dull and cheerless room, which looked as if it had not had a fire lighted in the terribly well-polished grate for at least a month. "Good heavens, what a vault to live in I" said he, as his eyes wandered around. Then the door opened, and a tall and stately lady came in, looked at him in some surprise, then back at the card still in her hand. "Mr Geoffrey Mainwaring 7" she said. ' "Yes, that i my name" he ai swered, "Mary Vandeleur's guardian 2" said Mrs Templeton, in a voice of the utmost R astonishment. "Yes," smiling. "I seem to surprise you, somehow or other." " Well, I confess that I am surprised," said the schoolmistress, candidly. " I- s I-well, I thought Major Vandeleur s would have chosen someone elder c and-" "Chosen!" Mainwaring broke in. "Ah, poor fellow, it wasn't exactly a e case of choosing with him, you see, but of taking the best man he could get at the moment." They talked together for a few minutes, and then Mrs Templeton rose from her seat. "Come into my room, Mr Mainwar ing," she said, "and then I will send Mary to you. It is more cosy than this room, which I never sit in. I must go n now, for I have a class waiting." " Oertainly," he replied courteously. c She led him into a small and very comfortable room, such as gave him a f better opinion of her. "I will send her to you," she said, and then she left him. He waited for some five or ten minutes before the door opened, stand ing comfortably warming himself before the fire, for as yet he felt chilly in the English climate. He turned as he heard the door open, and to his intense astonishment saw a t tall, slender girl, dressed in deep mourn- I ing, which threw into greater promi nence the mass of soft, golden hair which was coiled at the top of her little, shapely head. "Good morning," he stammered, so thoroughly taken aback that he hardly knew what to say, " but you-you are not- not my ward ?" t "I am Mary Vandeleur," she said, P looking at him with a pair of frank, beautiful blue eyes, so like her father's care-clouded ones, as be well remem- 1 bered them the night before that fatal sortie from Cabul. " But- but you are grown up," he cried. "I-I thought you were a little d girl. I have brought you a doll." At this point I am bound to say that Mary Vandeleur burst out laugbing. S " It is very funny," she cried ; "but a did poor father never tell you anything about me ?" " Not a word until the evening before that last sortie when be was wounded. i And then he only spoke of you as his a little girl, and-and I thought you were six or ten, or about that." "Nay, I am sixteen; I shall be h seventeen next mouth, Mr Mainwaring," she said, " and Mrs Templeton says I am very old for my age." ",I was never so astonished in my life," he exclaimed, "never! 1 can't be lieve it I Why, it's absurd on the face of it that I should be your guardian I" A sunny smile stole across Mary Vandeleur's face. " Well." she said, "it is absurd I I suppose I shall have to look up to you and respect you, but really-don't think me rude-but you look almost as much in need of a guardian as I do." "And so I am, almost," he answered with a laugh. "Why, the old lady Mrs Templeton, that is-she looked at me in such astonishment that I almost laughed in her face." " Mrs Templeton is utterly shocked and scandalised," Mary Vandeleur re turned. "She came to me just now. 'My dear,' she said, ' your guardian has just come, and is waiting to see you; and, my dear Mary, he is a boy,' she added." "Well, that is a.matter I cannot help, I didn't ask your poor father to make me your guardian ; but, all the same, what the poor dear fellow could have been thinking oi I can't imagine." "Poor father," murmured the girl, with a sigh, " he never troubled himself about the conventional idea of things. If a man or woman had a face he liked and felt inclined to trust, he never trou bled himself as to what the world would think of his trusting them. And I don't know that it is a bad plan-ho very seldom was deceived in people." The compliment to him was not a small one, the more because it was an absolutely unconscious one ; nor was Geoffrey Mainwaring slow to notice it. They were still standing before the fire, and at the mention of her father he had taken her hands in his and had kept them there ever since. And when she reached the last sentence he had hard work not to press the little soft fingers resting within his own with a wholly unguardien-like warmth. He did resist the temptation, however, and so the ingers remained where they were. "I don't quite see what is to bo done," he said at last. " You know you ought to have a snuty old grnmp for a guardian- either a crabbed old bachelor or a man with a horrid, crabbed old wife who would snub you persistently. It's the proper thing to do. But, as I am not old nor crabbed nor married, I can only do the best I can. Supposing I take you out for a drive 7' " Mrs Templeton won't lot me go," she said promptly. -You forget that I am your guar dian," he replied. "She can't help her self. I have a right to take you out for a drive; all guardians have. What's the use of being anyone's guardian else ?"' " She won't lot me go," said Miss Vandeleur, with conviction. "Shall we send and ask her 1" "Yes," she said frankly. "I should like to go immensely." So Mr Mainwaring sent a polite little note to Mrs Templeton, asking if he might take his ward for a drive; and the request so molhlfied the lady that she came to speak to him again to ask him to return and dine with Mary and herself, to see the doll which he had brought for the child he had believed his ward to be, and generally to be very gracious and forgiving to his very em barrassing youthfulness. As Geoffrey Mainwaring very truly said, he could not help himself, either in the matter of his own juvenility-and he wasj uvenile when you consider him in the light of a guardian-nor the grown-up condition of his ward. "I want to take you to the Dord Gallery," he said to her one day when he carried her off from her lessons. " The Dord !" she repeated doubt fully. "Oh, I have been there !' "Yes, I know. At least, I don't know, but that doesn't matter. It's a quiet place where one can talk," he an eswered. So they wont to the Dord Gallery, and were soon blinking dismally in an effort to accustom their eyes to the dim, religious light which prevails at that particular exhibition. "Mary," he said, presently, when they had found a comfortable seat, SI've been thinking about-about thintr. And you know it's perfletly absurd our going on and doing this ward and guardian business. We really ought to stop it." " Well, but how P' cried she, in dis may. She was well satisfied enough with hcr guardian, and had not the very smallest desire for a change. " Am I such a dreadful bother to you? Be cause if I am, you know, I don't think you need take me about so much. Guar dians don't generally, you know. One of our girls has a guardian who never comes near her." " My dear little love," he said, taking her hand under cover rf the gloom, "don't you understand? I only want to give you up in a certain way. I want you to give yourself to me for always- don't you see ?" " To be married ?" she whispered. " Yes," he answeroe j iyously, "to be married." "Bat-" and the little soft hand clung to hiEs-' will they allow it ?" "They-who ?' he asked. " You forgot; I am the only person who has power to prevent it.". For a long time they sat there, and their silence was their troth-plight; both were too happy to speak. "Mary, dearest 7" he said, inquir ingly. "I was just thinking," she answered, turning to him with an ineffable smile, " that dear father's last instinct proved the best that could ever have been; but I shall keep that doll as long as I live." 