THE MYSTERY OF GLENELLIS. " Ghosts, indeed ! The ide of people in this age believing in such utter nonsense i It is too ridiculous I" There was scorn in Misa Ilotbhsby's voie and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Hler companjon, Charley King, a young ciil cngineer,.was amused, judging b) the smile that c?me nod went before hea mlad nnswer, in a halfwsoothing, half apolouetic " Ab, now, don't you think you are a little severo upon my. townsfolk and their pel idroryncrney ? You know a belief in which one Is born and hrought op is a part of his very natlre, accerptd in mostases without question or reasoning. A few tl ur old men, I think, claim to have seen aslid bol something very extraordinary Ino he Glen years ago-before my ime ; as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a dozen have ever been there; we simply ignore Ihe place." '" That is exactly what I supposed," returned Mime Ilothsby, triumphantly. " Thomn antedi luvians who sit, rain or shine, in front of hotels and suloons," tell their tolpid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make others believe." " l'cPrhap you are right; but that does not alter the fciet that the Glen bears In evil repute. lon,, and we ars all falnilir wilh theblood. curdling atorles of deeds sid to have happened there." " 'I seemslo me they an,, esily he explained. Doubtless when this country was new the Glen won the rendezvous for rumllens end outliws ; seclndel, ealloet inacessibhlo for those who met thoro to be snrrleersd. 'o doubly secure theln slvnc thcy cirulated- horribler tales, relndla low ghosts, tlnd made neeasione to impose them upon the encdulons enrly settlers. There is the cans in n Iutnhlitl.l" Charley ahepoL his his and in doubtful way thlt irritated the pretty philoophb'r. 'e Ver welll put, Mblis Ilothsby ; but there are rc 'ile thlilgn-" ' Nounsee c " ne he broke in half laughingly, half angrily, **I know you nere going to nny 'numrthlng stupid anl el dfashioned anod twill lint purmlt it. The rolbbers are duet long ego, uo t the ghlosn ned Ierrible deles varelhnd with them, y)lu may be sre I yet hnrae your all, fur suchl a palpthre Imponthre, bulleod n nblivinn tie nerot ruenanltin aed Ihatltil spot ow earth. Pie' lpon ycclle 'cucetg munll to lut rloln a stato ef things centulee I' *cIjuce whet can we do nlmut'ii.? We wnre Leught to reepeot'tle opinion olnf'r'eldceie, cned havre done so." " Thte all verl well ; but respect scn ihe carnriel tuo far." Wi ll, whet doa younll iggest P" hskeI "'' 'hat tile b ale, n inlhonrIghlly inveetlgteld. Just lt e llace hi invltdid Ily lurrymnhker., nlld tihe epell will lr benke. le. lsteknlnowl It will cin e ,n, leiccInII, eN hlect lie iie will ome! irll ler t 111 ed ler nll ?t In inr," "It ocy eee II jut cnno ni jy,' repicded uit youn hreuel lern Iwers,. Yo" u icld mee en brokeh ni blond- reld blol nlr ro li jeclt. eo, iin rin el mts lll lellho tricnkled ro ln tihe snilk, sild tilcei flceer hwneece wein e. Ihlw tci,, eon lt iccrtll e h ieet ?" " dci'I, trI the neecell for if, Who ic n I iiierc rg vncgcrir ef neturiePO O flower etrln cxndec n a idlky ecbnretheeci nnd tihe a rc.d *hld n t ru pohlre oll ?lr. All ely P Yenll enoll,t er tfll nl e ineo re hee slle. y I.rt in iLareei in i?e .l4,'tcd hIc a eeic'o,, nieccero jcni icecu, cwl), ioesn't. iee, leortnid it." ' " Neverilnnlh?s, I think the fliwers nrc icc' lreear:.t olhaeitnin e o i nolr ircclt '.rhiec cii,, ll,,rity . .evcce e Iccol ...., ..e, . ly the .I cplplon ace-need It is sucd ilalpiy P Viend cc ncacet tilclk hnw I have onot ely hci rt ni thise , uISJjlu !i~h.??lre., Iwuiunull th, ?~ gg~~touu j or two hundered lIntTiiin_ Theie h ei~ot a thl?g I could wish ehanood." " Except the fluower." " Exoopt the flowers. I wish they would dial ippear for that 0ne evening. Do you thinkeas sau porsuadui the others P" " We'll try ; tie idea will be quite startling. however We shall meet with much more oppusition from the parents than from the Fnloug folks and if we hasten matters it will leave leos tile for talk. Friday will be ote * harvest moon,' why not have it then P" "Just the thinf I Do you suppose Blarney and Iils harpers will go P" " No indeed, nor any other musicians in Ellndaleo. We'll have to forego dancing." "' A moonlight picnic witrhot danoin P I'roposornus o If the harpers will not yield to my IHmwers o peruM ionii pali must furnish the music ; lie knows all about the Glen, end will to glad to help us." " I will tell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for the ppaln ne o ammseis, aonto and unielr, whol do olare they have beard unaccountable sounds Insue from the Glen. You will I:eed them alil. snd wisll to ore beIloreo we oecrcesfully lay the ghost. Ah t here comeo letty nod Toni Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and Miss Annto behind them. Good I Now we can be gin the attactk." Charley King had returned but a few weeks before this ronversation from a five years' abslence in distant lelds. Anlog his fellows there none halid I higher reputation than hi for those qualities whlich men a well as womenrn most admire. It was not strango then that pretty Milss Rothiby, whom hei folld visiting hisi sislr, an old schoolmatev, should lind Itini particulnrly nitracltie, unid Iie, for his pIrl, had declared to himself, after the ilannler of men hard hit at first sight, that it shoul lie bliss Rothsby or no one. About a mile front Ellendalo was the hannted glen of which they hadl been splehkino, marvel oualyl beanulifl nl pieturequio. Miss Itoths. by had spent many an lhour threfor lier friend and hosress :was an irmlrtont pereieygoin household andil parisl matters, idl thre were times when the visitor must entertain hirsoelf. As she was a good walker shie soon know tho country for mmiles around better than iolst of the youngeowmen born anti bred ill the tiwu. aind so dlrcnvered thte enutiful and srcluded spot which bore so iad a relotation. "Better oint go there aegil. Misn Rlolhslhy' her host nail to her when she rspikeof her ie pedlition at the dinner table, and wonldered that so elarling a place wa so little keowni. " It is humiliatiig to idmit thlt we are the victims of suipealitilci, but everyone in the commn nity lbelieves that thii Glen is hanntedl;" "'Then, is 1 shoili immeese!y enjoy a friendly chat with a oin-itde ghlost, I sahll make it point to go soon ngain, ' laughed the youg loadly. ' I hop not." said Mr. King, gravely. " for I feel deeply elnl thlis subject. You, of ,,ours.,, eotired the oak tire that hides h tie itlleway P It was pllatled when I wasi,t oy Ait lridful thing hisd ihappened there just lluefre, though 1 Eannot say positively there wts anything snupr linturl naboilt it" " 'What was it ?" asked Miss Riothay. cunri nusly. " Toll nmii all the story, please." " I can only tell you what I klowr. An old. Iookiig fluoleigner lnasod through the town one dlay. unu disappeared in ti (tell. T'lilat iglht a shock as of imrtllmuake was felt. and people who lnsetd near the forest hear strange, un earthly cries. Firom tiimn to time thleesorange shocks wer reatsledl. l'te man was never seen laglnt; and it was suppodl that hie was inrder ed." " Oh ! and in that all ?" naked Mlist Itothsly, in a disapioilntedl tone. i" hie I uthoritiei conuidered it enough, and reolved to render the Glen nsoiscensbleas possible. For ought I know, yours is tle first foot that has stepped within it Ior forty years." " I must say, thel, thltt oll hove Iost ionre' thoun you rel lcnoagine anil c sliall try to atoni feer your niglrcet of the lo'tliest lpot o00 earth." o nmir?Wuelid thIe wilful leauty ; ond to the Glen hil went thereiafter ns oftn aos ppor tuoiy alloweid. ldclarihg to lherself. e she Sot upon the greensward drinking in the beauty of lier surrouleinigs, that it wasouehnted ground, and that she was uinder the magic spell. When Charley King came he was a willing sceort, and so long as she was by his side, what did it matter wlere they went P i The pllicic by moonlight hoad been a lojig. talkedl of Illllng on thie yonlle ic people of hue village. 'The o riction of Ihe place was left to these two visitors and they had chosen the haunted glen. Friday was the iight appotinled. aome acquieseud iwillingly, others reluctantly. but no oner had the courage to refuse save thile musicians, who were proof against tile little heiress's most generolls uloletl, and could not be peresudedl to '" rea? their livce, renasol, and in' treonmlnts by go' Ito the hants of the devil himself."' ho Mr. hllthshy supplied the inusie, giving the m, n hesent fromthno citvinstructions to render allny nssiatnllC they coulil, iddilig themf, if ipossillle, to ilveiige aml li?lt thlu immense unumber of Chineselsnternshe con. signed to Ihem without the kiowledge of the party. Him plan nworked well, fur that their last iigiht might niot he assailed by tales not con. dneive to steady hands, they were met at the train and dilected to Ithe Glen, with strict inl junlcions t to p(uck no much as aI blade of grasn. ihe sun had not yet set eholind the distant mountaii top whefii ileor lihre ntil there throughout pretty EIlrendmle opened for the gay picinieher tn sally forth. Mlerrily iley ret our, fulluwed by kindly anxious wishes. Mlerrily they troopel through the villsge streels with iest and laughter, while curious res ipeeped at them from behind hlinds or peln doorways. But when they entered that distant pathway siid the sweet perfume of the forest pervaded the air no their light feet pressed the erpet of pino needles, the just died away, the laughter ceaesd, aid their voices had a hollow sound. Fear. ecilned eou them; each had i streng leeim to tlrn iick, but ahenk from thle rilliculo of his fellows, Thell th epoam paised, and in hiw oices they talked of little matters in the villoge. WVhei the exquisite beauty of the Glen burst upon their view all other thlughts were dispel tdll, and thn nelrvous reuction of their ground. lees terror made theml doubly merry. lunldrees ot lanterns gleamed lointly in the fading twi. Ilght from the trees and vinos on either sidei slid the grand old oak which biirredl the en. trance was fairly covered with them. The ifrst glilnpe of thie fair " queen of the night," oa her slverry diee rese above lhe tree tois, was the signal for i selng, half chant. half rounide. lay, that had bher euoposed for the ncclioni, alll oa the young fiofleei stood li the pride sld trengthl of their youth, their farces lupturned, their rich, sweet voices filling thn dying ldsay with mneloiy, onel would have said, " Wine Mlies Ilothhly I Surely non irstless, unholy spirils can abide here longer.' The niogl of youlr innocent bravery aill your pure voicts must ex orcist them for itvenuor." Bcorcely slpenking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from liot to liot li n an estacy of delight. Espucially did the flowers that gleameed no rd upon tt 'ground attract them lilt Mines Ilothny had nxaggerated the stain they inde that they might he loft nntouched. Rfle felt now that same inaturl expllnation noul Ihe giveni nolheir unplesant, pecullrlty, lbuit dlaudell its' nfect' tilun • wee.k nerves; sn wisely- adeieid' her 'eompaiuons to bware of th?m L t?hul learned from thes musicians that her father had intended coming osl the namea trahi with themn, but being detained at thile last min ute, lie would tike tIl neillt oeu. and be with Ihomhbefn (hro the coenhiug me over so, en her light tert keht tinbm to a favornrllei wall, cmd a fore shn inleh npfpmrodll was very near hI I lhe, she ithought her ciiti of earthly btili nsa nearly full. Therer was to te lsncing iintin lintl o'clock whlen'uaillil nr veillld bf irrrlri, nilI ifterwerds mo00 dioniicl igfley f liiyii o bnlh Lth fiofenIte had intllstl tlint tilhe iunllit fulke litld I t oet eno hby elvclit, luil lrl. Urny huh ilroeniseed for ''hii eIllifi IIre wans iighllf' if n a great hInt stone neer tile noak tlrue ill to show its Iloll follnwahi i rcl ierelld i thie minlst hterlul wly, while its rnduly glow threw ito berighlter rellef t iilsu lllreur hniitinIuees it the plnls wny Ulp the 'luI bontlrita were 011n1 tlldl of thoir Rood tilings, thIIn lumlithliug folet nose eltlrsol thie Ifrig. rant aroma iif the eolfl', uro ellmilt thle htst thhig relauy. iniif Mr Khig0, s uianler of tihe rcruiilnol ehloon l lsw tll irlng I to ltgiinl fur fhioni off to asslletlhh, wlhlell nlltulillulfy thirnuIIllhnlthio pllre Ihere rolne a sult, llvery soitliil Ille thi tone if n fillit strlklllg Ihti hour of litll. PI'hn danvers, aliilig hrIhhly rc lflf ' olwitr h Ivokei a. Mlin ItstilIhns I huit uell i (11lly elioke the i!eIti ivCiiIiiI to terelinhl iinin lsl Ihit fll! li li i iI uilil ln iit, jy eherit u oi iii'h i t l~e lilli th 1 11 1 111 1 1 1 wti eti k i t ra ? " 1 i'y w11 uliunl I l 'iitli holli I hln %?'itii li ilttlry l noanl wurr all I iOUll tI'r blt, I Coh I r lmll i h10 iu Iiot l eiliesIt grewic ul h eIo y. gIhlt I luthii u iui i I nenl lie i n wa l I. l it "i \iu ius hat lul ilii iteii i ini llln ut liuibk th tliy ioltloe u l ii I( lic itnileu i num s owelit bllih Ii Ih .lr lll uulin the ei ilillln iii1y nt IlUo I IIIt lII, bit ts+! i I' ilY iliOu W l ~·itiillI• illy ?ln van "thy strove to eat." Thelr volces. were thick. their haends trembled, their hearts beat painfully quick and loud. Alter a few moments Mirs. Gray, emiling' raintly, said My friends, I fear I havo taken'cold lit this beautilul hot moint'place. I propose that we: adjourn to warmer quarteors Wnt nay you to a good-night wmlt'at my houe P" Before an ansawer could bo given agnin theor ouunlded throlghoaut tha Glen the faintl, los chime, so uwtnllrdotlstloht in' its nweetneer.' With one Imlno all' tnrtooltto thelir fet. Suddenly a yell of human agony. stifled anud. reesiog to como from benleath them. reached their arr, nd0 a rooky ldoor in thle cliff awung lack, revealinlg cavcrni filled with lighit; ut brigitur thanll tthe light abouFtit was ahuman onrm wrappedto n n lno that sprang out of it ands tell upon tileo gri'eesward. lero was something ttngible;'andd Charley, King nswiftly lml the way towards thslanew. horror. Tio later! the form lay stllt the voice wits silent, Ind thIe Itlomes were miatesR at last of lhim co tu lm so long Iton theolr macktr. Exorcised'werolthe ghosta for ever, harmless was the subterranean ohamnhr tilled with un; mteoing apparao?s ntudllcrious chem?clslto thoseo who fuonnd thrm, for thu evil gonels was dead, tFor' years thle foreign alchemist hall sought to wrest from nt tue, at any cost, her sreetos, anti lid lfounll, atlast, her very great. cat tlteth. 