FEDERATION. MEETING AT GAWLER. A meeting arranged oy the Australasian Federation League of South Australia was held at Gawler on Mondtiv evening, Januarv 20. The Mavor of Gawier.' Mr. W. H. Cox. J.P.. occupied the chair, and tnere were about eighty persons present, including a sprinkling of ladies. Some disappointment was ex perienced at the r.ns.ence of Messrs. J. H. Svmou, Q.C., P. Mr.M. Glynn, M.P., and W. L. Ware, who had been advertised to speak. The Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., pointed out some of the advantage* of federation, and explained the objects of the League in holding such meetings. The object of the League was purely educational. It simply desired to lead and excite to a fair consideration and freo discussion of the subject. The League had not formulated auy particular scheme. It certainly was not committed to federation at any price. It had been hinted that the League had some ulterior motive in holding these meetings. It cer tainly had hoc : it had no axe to grind. He did not know any one connected with the League who hud stated his intention to stand for election to the Convention. Tha hou. gentleman then elaborated on tho desirable ness of Australia utilizing to the full all lier natural advantages in competing in the world's markets, and not discounting her changes by intercolonial rtjstrictions, the necessity of esonomy in government, consolidation of our public debts, and a united scheme of defence. Mr. James H.ujue. M.P., diseased the financial :tspect of federation at considerable length. Intercolonial freo trade would un doubtedly give a great impetus to production in the colony aud would simplify our Customs business to a large extent, and which now involved about £21,000 a year. Ono of the most important questions for tho Convention to decide would be as to the tariff that should )xi adopted against the outside world. The Sydney Convention evaded this point, but it should be settled at the approach ing gathering. There would be serious trouble if we entered into a federation without con sidering this poiiit. Sacrifices must' be made, but he was not prepared fov federation without counting the cost. We should not rush blind fold into it. Ic was necessary th-it the best possible choice of men should be madu for tho Convention. We wanted men of intelligence and broad views, possessed of commercial knowledge and financial skill, our best pro fessiona men — men to represent all sections of the community. We did not want them elected merely on party lines. The Hon. JIMaktijt, M.L.C.. questioned tho earnestness of st-me of tho loading public men, and condemned the action of tbe Soutli Aus tralian representative at the Hobart meeting of Premiers in projiosing the treaty with New Zealand as being m opposition to the spirit of federation. Certainly Barossa would have been benefited by that treaty, but other districts would have l-een injured. Alluding to the tariff alterations in New South Wales. he did not think the other colonies were readv to follow suit in having entire free trade with all the world. So far as South Australia was concerned it would not make much clifTereucc He thought the majority of industries would not be injured by it. He had never been a very strong advocate of protection, although he had been looked upon as a protectionist. He wanted to promote the interests of the colony, as he never wanted protection a.s an individual against his fellow-colonists. H-; was quite prepared to have a free, platform and no favour, whether it was in one colony or on the larger scale with theso outside. But he did not think the colonies as a whole were prepared to compete on ctiuai terms with the outside world. A vote of thanks was accorded ttie speakers on the motion of Councillor Harris, seconded by Councillor Thomson*. At the close of the meeting a branch of the League was formed. The Hon. Jame.- Martin. M.L.C., was elected President, and Mr. T. O. Jones, -I. P., Hon. Seeretary. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Ghosts in Court. — The exp'«uro of the medium, Mrs. Mellon, in Australia has been followed up by a similar incident in Nvw York, in which ' Doctor'' Henry Rogers has c.\\-me heavily to grief, his ''spirit' having turned Queens evidence against him. Mrs. Chad wick, for that is her name (says the O'.obcj, described how, being poor antl having to sup port throe children, she decided to accept the post at five dollars :» st-anco. .Rogers gave his seances in a fiat into which Mrs. Chad wick used to enter after all the visitors had arrived, passing through the hull into a small room adjoining the cabinet, where she changed her usual dress for that of a spirit. Her duties were multifarious, for she had to re present spirits of both sexes, acd would on occasion don a moustache. Rogers was eventually 'caught out' bv the enterprise of a newspaner, which employed a detective to force his way into the doctor's cabinet. The ' doctor,' who was supposed to be in a trance, came to with surprising rapidity, and attacked the de tective with a hatchet, but was ultimately overpowered with the aid of a newspaper reporter. The humorous part of the whole incident is that some worthy spiritualists have written to the newspaper in question to thank the editor for his services in exposing the fraud. It appears that there is in Xew York — possibly aiso in London — a Society of spiritualists who ''labour earnestly for the suppression of fraud among so-called nlediums and warn the too credulous spiritualists and investigators against them,11 and that they knew ' Doctor' Rogers tor years to be an im postor. Iu these circumstances, it is rather hard to account for their inability to show him up, unless for inability we read disinclination. Husband — ?' Let us go to Niagara Falls next week. I should like very much for you and me to spend a week there. I think I should enjoy it very much.'1 Wife — It is very unusual for you to be so considerate towards me. Why do voii want to take me to Niagara Falls':' Husband— 'Smith took his wife there last week, and he said she was speechless with awe, and I just thought, perhaps ? Oh! let (jo my hair. Can't you take a joke? Let ro, I say ! I'll get you that new bonnet — aad a new sealskin sacque.' 