SPORTING NOTES. I By Tarquin.], If Mr. David James would alter the date of his Kapunda Meeting, he would have a better response alike from owners and the public. With the exception of the Gawler Races on November ft, there is no fixture in or near the city from the first Saturday in October until the end of the year, and therefore it is only fair to assume that a meeting early in December would be appreciated by those who own and train horses. The acceptances fore shadowed poor fields for Kapunda, but it was hardly anticipated that they would have dwindled down to thesmali <! i j iunsions they did. On arrival at the northern township from the city, Mr. James was waiting for us, and we were his guests at luncheon. After a neat little speech from Mr. Hughes in honour of our host, we were driven to Colebrook, and there we saw Auraria. The Melbourne Cup winner has improved out of all knowledge, and it will be surprising if she is not able to again hold hor own against the cracks of Aus tralia at weight for age. When the daughter of Aura has finished her racing career, what a valuable mare she will be for the stud, to be sure. Mr. James has got together a nice little stud, and we were to have paid our respects to the matrons on our return from the course, but a storm after the last race upset these arrangements, and drove us to the train. There is very little to write about the actual racing, except that the sport was of a most uninteresting nature. The Hurdle Race sent The Goose, his owner," Mr. Mudge, and the rider, O'Toole, into retirement for four months, and so far as could be judged from appearances the verdict was a perfectly just one. For reasons, doubtless, best known to himself, O'Toole rode an excellent waiting race in the rear, allowing Home Rule to gain such an advantage that it was impossible to overtake him. In such cases as that of The Goose the market as a rule is a splendid guide, and so it proved at Kapunda, the Morphettville winner being almost neglected. The punishment of four months is undoubtedly a light one, but inasmuch as it will debar the parties interested from taking part in the meetings bold at Christmas it is more severe than it seems at a first glance. With a horse like The Goose ttngaged it was naturally surprising to find a maiden performer like Danbydale installed first favourite. The ex-Western Australian's career over the sticks, however, was>a short and merry one, as after leading for part of the journey ho blundered heavily into an obstacle and received such injuries as to necessitate his being destroyed on Monday. Thus the Kapunda Hurdle Race proved disastrous in more ways than one. At country meetings as a rule those running horses seem to have an idea that they can do pretty well as they like. At Kapunda, how ever, two of the gentlemen acting as Stewards. also discharge the same duties for the Ade laide Racing Club, while a third is on the committee of that institution, and nothing occurred during the afternoon which escaped their attention. In addition to enquiring into the display of The Goose, they called upon the owner of Electric to explain his running in the last race of the day as compared with his performance in the Trial Stakes. After taking evidence they agreed to send the case on to the S.A.J.C. Committee to deal with. They should, however, I take it, have given a deci sion on the matter_ themselves, and thus allowed the parties interested to appeal to the premier club in the event of their verdict being a hostile one. It is almost certain that is what they will bo asked to do, as the S.A.J.C. are pretty sure toretarnit to them. : The Kapunda Stewards, I believe, were quite, prepared to deal with the case, but they ; were under the impression that .under aub-. eectibn C of relellfr.theywere acting within: their powers in sending it on to the higher tri bunal. The subtraction referred to iaae follows: —" Within fourteen days after >he holding of any meeting, report to the committee that the running of any horse at such meeting is incon sistent with any previousbr sulraequentper formance or performances of such home at any time." This rule-fwhich is not as clearly de fined as it might be—was purposely framed to give Stewards of a club-power to reporttpthe 3\. A. J.C. that the running of a horse at their meeting was inconsistent with his performance at another meeting, but so far as oontradic tory running on One afternoon is concerned,' that has to Ira dealt with by the Stewards who are acting for the day. The Port Adelaide Racing Club will hold their Spring Meeting at Cheltenham Park to-day. Additional improvements have been undertaken on the course near Woodville since .the last .fixture, and as the weather promises to be fine Mr. Young and his com mittee shoidd be rewarded with a large attendance. The Trial Stakes opens the pro ceedings, and jf The Rector is in anything lire form he should win from Alveary. The Hurdle Race has been reduced to eight. In cluded in the list is the Kapunda winner Home Rule with 9 st. 2 lb.,, but. though he has escaped a penalty I do not expect to see hi m score. Conscript reads more like a winner after his performance in the Second Hurdle Pace at fcheS.A.J.C. Meeting, as he threatened danger when he fell over First Bolt at the last jump. Orb may be expected to improve on the dis play he exhibited on that occasion, but Happy Jade is an unknown quantity over the email sticks. With a fair share of luck, however, Contcript ought to get home from Snowdrift. There will be a large field in the Flying Handicap, as sixteen yere accepted for. A trio that should about fill the places are Alveary, My Novel, afid Fair Saxon, and they may finish in theorder named. The Steeplechase is fairly open. On their running in the recent S.A.J.C. Steeplechase Eclipse and Stockings will be picked out, and they will doubtless dispute favouritism.' Still, it should be borne in mind that Eclipse has been penalized to the tune of 24 lb., and Stockings nas gone up 15 lb., while Strike has only an extra 4 Id. to carry. Perhaps of the trio Stockings Will find most support, as he has a pull of 9 lb.' over Eclipse, but Eclipse over two miles and a quarter will be very hard to beat. Woodfield nas-missed a penalty for his success at I Kapunda; and ho can be relied upon to go the I course. This horse has a nappy knaok of winning on- each occasion that be changes hands.- He was sold for £18 two days before he won at Kapunda. Young Lucifer may behave himself better on this occasion, but Postal has evinced a decided disinclination to South Australian fences. Repetition is nicely weighted, bpt The Ghost seems a . mystery. Perhaps Ellipse will win from Stockings. The Rector, unless really well, will, probably find 9 st. quite enough in the Spring Handicap, and I am not in love with Trout at a stone le3S, as there was no merit in his victories at Kapunda. Conse quently Mompa or the disappointing Nackara should account for the stake. The Totalizator Handicap may find its way to Doubloon if ridden by a capable lad. The entries received by S.A. Tattersall's Club for.'their Spring Meeting to be held on October 3 were good, the jumping races in particular having filled very well. Kiely being in Melbourne there are none of his representatives engaged, and Hill is another who has not nominated. Foliage, who has been turned out for a spell, is also missing. The Juvenile Handicap closed with only five, and four "of these are in two stables. This is not encouraging to clubs to give big stakes for two-year-olds. I understand that the committee of the club exercised their right in connection with this meeting to refuse the entries of an owner. The weights for the fixture are due on Monday, September 28. Mr. Hughes will on Monday next declare the weights for the races other than Steeple chases in connection with the Adelaide Hunt Club Meeting. The first two days' racing of the A.J.C. Spring Meeting has established Newhaven an even-money chance for the V.R.C. Derby and a decided first favourite for the Melbourne Cup. All doubts as to the Oceana colt being able to stay have been dispelled, and bar accidents the Victorian blue riband seems an absolute certainty for him. His easy victory in the Spring Stakes, in which he ran the mile and a half in the exceptionally quick time of 2 min. 37 sec.,, was made all the more meritorious after the Metropolitan was decided. True Blue and Response, who filled the places in the weight for age event, could not make him gallop,^ but they came out on the Tuesday and only j 11st missed the big handicap won by The Skipper. Mr. James was naturally grati fied at the relative to Princess of Wale3 scoring. The dam of _ The Skipper and the South Australian owned filly was imported to Victoria by Mr. W. R. Wilson in 1890, and her first foal, which was by first King, died. She is a comDaratively young mare, and is by Mardon, her dam being by King Tom from Sunshine by Thormanby. Though The Skipper started at any price in Sydney, he was fancied in Adelaide, the majority of the local fielders having laid their money against him at 14 to 1, and some of them lost over the race. Coil's performances were none too encouraging. Certainly too much reliance must not be placed on the Derby form, but so far as can be judged it is doubtful whether ho could have beaten. Re Var on the secor.dday. TheRaValettecoltwasanexcellent third in the Epsom Handicap after experienc ing none the best of the luck, and should Coil between this and November not shape better, Pay ten may have to rely upon bis stable companion in the V.R.C. Derby. Re Var, however, cut up badly on the third day of the fixture. The New Zealand bred colt Sabretache is another who should be heard of again, but if Newhaven is to be conquered — a very remote contingency— j his victor will have to come from St. Albans. | I hear excellent accounts of Resolute, but it is on the cards that Mr. Wilson will not run j the risk of incurring a penalty with hivn for 1 the Melbourne Cup. Response, who ran so j prominently in the Epsom Handicap, and who won the Sydney Handicap, is a full ' sister to De Novo, the dam of Burnside and j Marryatviile. De Novo, who io now atPiilh.arn j Park, was the first foal that. Bis Bis was cre dited with, while Response was her last, as the 1 daughter of Countryman and Mi.js Heslop I died when foaling in Ootober, 1891. In Adelaide on Thursday Newhaven was backed for the Melbourne Cup to win £1,300 at 10 to 1, while 100 to 7 would hare been ac cepted about him for the double, Derby and Cup. Pardon was scratched for the Adelaide Hunt Ciub.Cupon Thursday at 2.23 p.m. With Carbine and Trenton gone, Malua, whose death was reported in Wednesday's Reaisler, was one of the beat sires in Austra lia. When he finished racing the son of 9t. ^Albans and Edella did stud duty for bis owner, Mr. »T. O. Iriglis, hut when that gentleman recently j broke up his stud he leased him to Mr. J. V. Smith, .of linwoodGrange. It was here that Maioa died suddenly this week. While at the stud the Melbourne And Australian Gap hero got . numerous winners, amongst, whom it is only necessary to mention Malvolio, Maluma, Disfigured, Macuaa, Foliage. Arihi, Malula, TeWhiti, and others. \- The Australasian Turf Register for 1896 is to hand. As usual this volume, whioh ib published by the proprietors of the Australasian, eon tains a wonderful amount of valuable informa tion which of necessity must be of great soryioe to all who take an Interest in horse racing. It not only contains a full report of the past season's racing with the entries for coming events in all the colonics, butembraced , in it are the lists of winning sires and owners of the year, winners of principal colonial races, pedigrees of sires, sales of blood stock, lengths of courses, betting rates, scale of weights for age, &c.; The accuracy of the contents can always be vouched for, and great credit is d ue to those who have teen connected with its compilation. \- Messrs. Barker k Cornelius announce that on Tuesday next they will offer for sale tho following horses:—Burnside, in condition, fit to race. a., month henceBrownie, winner of the heavy-weight hunters' prize last March; and Prince, a perfect buggy horse, first-prise winner in Adelaide last March—all under in structions from the trustee in the late Mr. W. Blackler's estate. Amateur riders in the Hunt Club Races are ! notified that in all races open to amateurs and ] professional riders amateurs can claim an allowance of 7 lb. | "Terlinga" in last week's Australasian made the following pertinent remarks re •T.C. enquiry into Viking's specting-the S.A performances at Morphettville on the second day of the S.A. J.C. Meeting:—"The running of_ Viking led to An enquiry, which ended, as might have been expected, in nothing being done. Mr. Crozier kept Viking while ho ran nineteen races for one win and then sold him in disgust. The sale was made before the gelding ran in the Spring Handicap. He missed this race, but an hour or so afterwards won the Plympton Handicap. Then came the enquiry. Mr. Crozier had only to explain to be exonerated from blame, but the Stewards did not finish with Willis the jockey until Monday. Then they found that the running was inconsistent, but not fraudulent. It seems to me this enquiry was a mistake. When a horse is fancied time after time by a fair judge like Mr. Crozier, I take it that private merit may be assumed, notwithstanding poor performances in public, and why racing men should marvel at such a horse cropping up and winning when least ex pec tea passes my compronension. raxing into account the difference in the opposition, it is questionable if the Stewards were even right in finding that Viking's two perfoim ances were inconsistent. This does not matter, however. Viking has spent the last two years in demonstrating to his owner that no reliance is to be placed upon him, and surely it is rather a waste of tune to hold investigations into the running of such horses. Fraud must be proved before any action can be taken. The chief sufferer by the in-and-out performances of a Viking is his owner. Such horses only win when allowed to run loose. Now, if ti e Stewards had enquired into the bumping which took place in the Derby their time would have been better employed. It is nice for the South Australians to know that they have Stewards eager to protect their interests, but it would bo oven nicer if' the racing folks who attend Morphettville and the Old Course could feel that the show is being run by men with knowledge sufficient to discriminate as to when to interfere and when to remain in active." The Gang Forward mare Excelsior has credited Tostig with his first foal. The death is reported from Sydney of the Morphettville-bred gelding Ariki, bv Gang Forward from Haidee. Bay Sal, who was fancied in some quarters for the Epsom Handicap, broke down badly at Hand wick last week. Fiddler was not sent to Sydney as antici pated, his owner deciding at the last moment not to make the trip. The St. Simon horses Gigue and Haut Brion, recently purchased by Mr. S. Hordern, have arrived in Sydney. Auraria has filled out into a beautiful mare, and shows no signs whatever of the lameness which affected her before she was thrown out of training. She is re stricted to light exercise daily, and her j owner proposes to run her in weight-for-age races next autumn. At Colebrook this season Ellerstene, Compact, and Oceana have all foaled to Broken Hill, while The Merry Girl and Stannous are expected to do so daily. Prosperity has a filly- by Trenton, to whom Adventurous is also in foal. Notwithstanding that the Port Adelaide Racing Club havo already expended some £4,000 in connection with their new course at Cheltenham Park the committee continue, to sanction the carrying out of improvements. The latest additions, which wiil be ready for the meeting on Saturday, include the erection of scraping-sheds in the saddling paddock. These are of the most substantial character, and will accommodate some fifty horses. In the north-western corner of them a dressing-room for jockeys is pro vided, which, though only for temporary purposes, will be found far more con venient than the tent previously in use. A casualty hospital is also in course of erec tion, and is situated between the weighing enclosure and the saddling paddock. The committee have by a picket fence wisely par titioned oft this portion of the course so that jockeys and horses can get to and from without being hampered by the outside public. Another entrance, of course, has been made to the paddock. The small picket fence in tho Grand Stand enclosure, which ran from the Judge's box to the weighing-scale, has been removed, and horses after a race can now gain entrance in the same way as they do at Morphettvillc. An"application of metal in front of the Grand Stand and totalizator machine will have the 1 effect of materially reducing the mud in the j event of the weather being wet, whiie this part of the course has also been improved by being filled np and provided with several loads of tan. The result of the A..T.C. Derby will not he accepted as proof that Charge is a superior colt to Coil, though he defeated tiie half-brother t.o Catnoola by a half a neck. For the first seven furlongs the candidates merely cantered along, none of them attempting to make any pace until Charge clapped on sail, when they followed suit. The time for the race—3 min. 14 sec.—speaks for itself, and shows that too much reliance must not be placed upon the victory of Charge, though no doubt he is a really good colt. The slowest time prior to Saturday for the A. J.C. Derby during the thirty years it has been in existence was 2 min. 5b sec., which was credited to His Lordship in 1878, C argo is by Carbine from Forest Queen, a full sister to Myall King, and was purchased by Mr. H, C. White for 250 guineas at the sale of the Lerderberg stud last year. Forest Queen, his dam, was secured by Mr. P. Riwsell at the same sale for 220 guineas. Charge ran second to Hopscotch in the Hampden Stakes at Sydney TatteraaH's Club Meeting last month. Another outsider came to the rescue of the Bins in the biff handicap on the opening day of the A.J.C, Spring -Meeting. This was i Steward, who just beat the heavily backed Dalmeny in the last few strides in the Epsom Handicap. Steward, who is by the New Zealand. Welcome Jack from Stewardess, though quoted at 20 to I for Saturday's race, i was really unmarketable, and it ib doubtful whether the fielders even wrote his name in the double - event books. At the recent Hawkcsbury Meeting he won the Windsor Handicap of six furlongs with 8 st. 2 lb,, beat ing Le Vat% who went out favourite, but his victory evidently did not create a very favour able impression. - Last April and May Steward won three handicaps in succession at New castle, Tam worth, and Singleton, but at Sydney Tattersall's Club Meeting on May 30 he started in the Flying Handicap and Winter Stakes without getting a place. : The Sydney correspondent of the Observer wired on Sunday that before Newhaven started in the A.J.C. Spring Stakes the previous 9ay a commission was placed in the market to back him for the V.R.C.' Derby All the money in the market available was snapped up at 5 to 2 and2 to 1, and the best price now procurable about him is evens. According to the Sydney correspondent of the Observer the following doubles were written over the Caulfield and Melbourne Gups on Saturday night, at 5,000 to 10:—Straightfire and Hopscotch, Cydnus and Resolute, The Parisienne and Broken Hill, Right Honorable and Miraclum. The owner of Security has decided not to send the gelding to Melbourne as originally intended. At a meeting of the S.A.J.O. Committee held on Monday the Secretary was requested to remind certain Secretaries of country clubs of their liability to be struck off the list of registered clubs in consequence of their not haying paid the fee required under Rule 7. JLiie S.A.J.C, Committer), on Monday, de clined to grant an application from the jockey It/Clements for a renewal of his licence, on the grounds that he was under suspension by the S.A.J.C. The racehorse Danbydale was destroyed on Monday. The horse fell in the Hurdle Race at Kapunda on Saturday, and the injuries re ceived were of such a serious nature that it was found necessary to shoot liim. The S.A.J.C. Committee have grantod the Kadina and Wallaroo Racing Club December 28 as a date on which to race in lieu of, De cember 26. The Port Germein Club lias been allotted February 3. The Moonta Jockoy Club applied for November 4, but the con sideration of the application was postponed until the club had supplied to the S. A.J.C. a report of their last meeting. The jockey F. Barr has been allotted £2 from the Iiistressed and Disabled Jockeys' Fund. Mr. J. R. Lammey recently lodged a com plaint against the jockey A. Tweedie for re fusing to deliver up his colours, which re sulted in Mr. Lammoy being fined £2 at scale for putting up the wrong colours on Wood field. At a meeting of the S.A.J.C. Com mittee on Monday Tweedie was fined £2, while Lammey's fine was remitted. Clemency and May have dropped colt and filly foals to Clonardrespectively atWeetunga, Mr. S. A. White's stud farm. The totalizator fractions received at the Spring Meeting of the S.A.J.C. have been apportioned by the Committee, as follows:— Distressed and Disabled Jockeys' Fund, £42; Convalescent Home, £5 13s. 3d.; Chil dren's Hospital, Catholic Refuge, Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Asvlum, Children's Homo, Walkorville, Home for In curables, Cottage Homes, North Adelaide, St. Vincent de Paul Orphanage, House of Mercy, House of Providence, Sick Poor Fund, Prisoners' Aid Society, Orphan Home, Car rington-street, Day Nursery, Adelaide Benevo lent and Strangers' Friend Society, Samaritan Fund, Jewish Benevolent Society, St. Vincent de Paul Society, North Adelaide, Adelaide Jewish Ladies' Benevolent Society, House of Mercy, Walkerville, Vosz Homes, £5 each; total, £147 13s. 3d. The Skipper who won the Metropolitan is a full brother to Mr. D. James's threo year-old filly Princess of Wales, being by Robinson Crusoe from Lady Mardon. At the A.J.C. Meeting last March be won the Alexandra Handicap of a mile and a quarter, while at the Hawkesbury fixture the following month he was successful in the Rail way Handicap of a mile and a quarter and 100 yards, carrying 7 st. 11 lb. . After this latter performance he was installed a hot favourite for the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap, but he ran badly, his indifferent performance being attributed to the fact that he was knocked about in the train from Rosehill on the first day. On the third day of the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting he beat a good field in the City Handi cap with 6 st. 12 lb., running the mile and a half in 2 min. .>8 sec., but on the last day of the fixture he was defeated by The Enchanter and Fort in the Place Handicap; For the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, decided last month, he was installed first favourite, and was actually taken on to the course at Clarendon, but he was scratched shortly before the time for starting the race. This late withdrawal caused a good deal of disagreement, the reason assigned being that the trainer thought that the ground was too hard for the horse to win on. Jt was stated that Mr. Hordern, his owner, had backed the horse in the city before leaving for the course on the same day that the event was run. "Teriinga," who is representing the Australasian at the A.J.C. Meeting, tele graphed from Sydney as follows respecting the first day's prOeeedings:—"In so far as the race from which the day takes its name was concerned, Derby Day at Randwick was a huge failure. Instead'of galloping a mile and a half the jockeys riding in Charge's Derby wero content to proceed at about three miles an hour for six furlongs and to run the other six furlongs at to;) speed. In Victoria we | have seen some such exhibitions in champion races, but this is the first time such a sorry spectacle has been witnessed in a Derby. Outside the Hi no Riband the racing was up to the average, and backers of Newharcn will las delighted to hear that the crack b^at bis field as if they wore so many hacks. .Several horses were well backed for the Trial b lakes, but Rackarock won in holiow fashion. He is a fine cut of a horse, closely related to Gipsy Grand. Ferguson was very confident of St. David, but he ran last nearly all the way. Toreador also cut up very badly, although fancied. The Derby horses were a poor lot as far as appearances went, the best-looking of them being Sabretache, who did not look nearly well. Coil has not improved at all since last season, but was very fit. Payten thought he was sure to win. Charge is an upstanding colt, and, although rather angular, would look well enough but for his crooked foreleg. Tire is only a pony, and when seen he went right back in the betting. Huret is merely p. sprinter, but Goxoczar should make a fair handicap horse. As sbated above the race was a fared. The jockeys had all been told to wait, and they dl'.l Aait. At one time it looked as though the seven might pull up and walk. At the first turn Charge made a bolt and ran out to the fence,.. Had the others gone on then his chahce- would have been gone, but as they were dnl^ pro ceeding. at a baok canter he soon joined them. At the back Gozoczar and Charge: supplanted Coil, and about the six-furlong post tliey began to gallop. Huxley was ap parently caught napping, as he let the leaders slip away six lengths. All along the hend Coil was beiug ridden, but at the turn he made a brilliant dash, and, getting in front at the end of the lawn seemed to have, the race won, but Charge challenged most resolutely, and-in the last few strides he got. up and won by a head, with Sabretache a efoso third. Where I stood, at the end of the lawn, there were six of' them almost abreast, but from there Coil and Charge drew away. It was a most unsatisfactory race, and " Coil had bad luck in running, but the Charge people assert that had there been a'strong, pace their colt would have won easily, ana this may be so. Twenty weighed out for the Epsom. The lot got off well, but they soon struncr out, and Nada, who began slowly, lost all chance when Messmate fell in front of her. Hopscotch never got hearer than fifth or - sixth. The same with Roka, but Dalmeny got in front after Amiable, who made most of the running, was beaten, and.tho imported horse looked a winner until Steward caught him at tho distance. Then the pair ran a desperate race home, which ended in favour of Steward by a head. Lo Var made a wonderful run at thefinish, but Wild Olive was never dangerous." The jockey F. Burn, who was suspended by the S.A.J.C. Stewards last week for twelve months, litis written< to those officials request ing them to reconsider his case. . Mr, Mallen on Monday made a similar- request on the lad's behalf, but he was informed that Burn was convicted on his own evidence, and that cases could not be. reopened except on application by the party implicated. As Hortensius is still being apparently backed in doubles for the two Cup3, I may state that he will not fulfil his engagements either at Caulfield or Melbourne. Mr. Crozier intends to scratch all his horses for the races in which they have been entered at the forth coming Victorian Spring Meetings. The first prize in Tattersall'a consultation on the Metropolitan Handicap, which was run in Sydney last Tuesday, has been won by a Syndicate of thirteen employes engaged at Messrs. Harris, Scarfe, & Co.'s yards at Port' Adelaide. The first prize was £5,000, but as the consultation was hot fully subscribed the amount to be drawn by each person in the Syndicate will be slightly over £300. Some idea of the pace made in the early part of the A. J. C. Derby can be gained from the fact that it took 1 min. 45 sec. to run the first five furlongs. Steward, the winner of the Epsom, only measures 14*3. Young Fielder, who rode him, is about f> st. in weight. Npwhavon ran his last mile in the A.J.C. Spring Stakes in 1 min. 41£ sec. Mr. John Crozior has decided to dispose of Duke of Richmond, by Richmond from Gratitude. This brother to Broken Hill should prove valuable as a sire. The Morphettvillc-bred Canoona is reported to he undergoing a thorough Cup preparation at Flemington. Kiely s trio, Miraclum, Thunder Queen, and Fleet Admiral, have so far favourably impressed the Flemington touts. It is stated that they all bear a well-trained appearance. Mr. D. O'Brien offered to sell Cartridge ft week before he won the Kensington Handicap for 450 gs. Tarantara has been sold, and will shortly be shipped from Victoria to Western Australia, Mr. J, R. Cowcll has resigned hi.s position asa member of the V. A.T.C. Committee. The Melbourne Cup candidate Taurus lias Tieen missing from the tracks for some time. Mostvn's half-brother by Gang Forward has been added to the list of geldings. At the sale of two-year-olds held at Rand wick on Monday the bay gelding by Autonomy from Piecrust was knocked down to Mr. I). O'Brien for 155 gs. A Carbine filly from Waily was purchased by Mr. J. Mayo for 70 gs. Oceana, the dam of Newhaven, has been mated this season with Correze. The V. A.T.C. authorities have in contem plation the using of an advance flag in con nection with the starting-machine at Caulfield. Jf the idea 13 adopted (writes the Art/us) a man will be placed 150 yards or so ahead of the starting-point, and should a hitch occur with the machine, whereby any horse is inter fered with, the field may be recalled. The matter will be considered by the committee at their next meeting. Mr. H. C. White, of Ilavilah, who is af present, in England, has purchased a thorough bred stallion by Sterling from a daughter of Musket and a full sister to Wenlock. Nipper will not run in the Adelaide Hunt Club Cup. Buckshot has beon scratched for the Maiden Hunters' Steeplechase. 