WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS Removes Dyspepsia, checks Rhuematism, and counteracts a tendency to chronic con stipation. Buy bottles with wrappers intact. DEAUGHTS.-At the Kadina Institute on Tuesday evening last Mr W. J. Walkley, a draught* player of some repute from Adelaide, played 20 games simultaneously against iocs! players. The ex-champion proved himself far too good for his opponents, winning 16 games, drawing three, and losing one. Tile Re*. Goldsmith was the gentleman who came off victorious. Messrs Shaw, West, and David made the ties. KADINA H, AND F SOCIETY.-A meeting of the a bore was held at the Secretary's office On Friday evening. It was decided that an autumn show of flowers, fruit, and vegetables tboul-J be beid on the 26th February. A Com mittee was appointed to draw up a prizelist, which will be submitted to a meeting to be held on the 17th inst. It was resolved that the annual chrysanthemum show should be held on April 29 and 30. AUCTION Sack.-We hare been asked to draw special attention to the sale of Mr J. H. Smith's on Section 443, Hundred of Tiparra, on Tuesday, January 14. There is a host of things to be got rid of and as Mr Smith is leaving the colony everything must be sold. The sate is advertised to start at 1 o'clock sharp. PASKKTTLTIE SAGES.-It is announced by advertisement elsewhere that a race meeting in connection with the Paskeville Race Club, is to be held in Mr J. Speckman't paddook at the rear of the Paskeville Hotel, on Wed. nesday January, 15. A good programme of seven events hag been arranged, and post entries will be received. A good day's eport should be the result. NAPPING IN Chuhch.-A writer in the Temple Bar relates some anecdotes about celebrated persona caught napping. ' Mrs Carly'.e, with whom bad nights were the rule, one Sunday afternoon deliberately took a nap. And the recording angel no doubt made light of the offence on the part of the tired hard-pressed woman, if he did not actuals; blot if out. This is how she confessed it, with not the smallest show of compunction, in a-letter to her husband. " When the sermon began I made myi elf, at the bottom of it (the Buyers' deep pew), a sort of Per sian couch out of tbe praying-cushions; laid off aiy bonnet, and stretched myself out very much at my ease. I seemed to have been thus just one drowsy minute when a slight rustling and the words, * Now to Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' warned me to put on my bonnet, and made me for the first time avau that I had been asleep." ! RAINFALL. -The following is the rainfall recorded at Yararoo for the month of Decem ber, 1895 :-December 1st, 0*010 ; 5th, ) 0*010; 10th, 0100; 17th, 0-120; 28th, 0*005 ; 0*245 on 5 days. The rainfall far the year 1895 was 12*450. THE Sexmoub-FOBDS OPERA COMPANY. It is many years s;nce ihe Eadina residents have had a fall Op 'a Cimpany in i heir midst, yet such is to be the case as is announced elsewberp. Ibe Seymour Forde Opera Company will on Wed nesday and Thursday evenings next present the charming opera borifFe " Girofi? G-irofla" and the beat known opera of modern days, " Man tana." There ran be no doubt of the excellence of the organization, for Mr Scott has had a wide Metropolitan and Iiondon experi ence in the selection of operatio artists and his successes In the past Induces as to say that this is no exception to the rule. The ladies are the Misses Florence Seymour, Conroy, 1 Stackpole and Xouog, with the Messrs Jaek Forde (as he is bettter known), B. Fitzgerald, F. Wentwortb, S. 0»le, Johnstone, Chanter, Wakin, and the principal himself, Brskine Ssott. We have been reaaested to state that the operas are to bo given with every oota I pletenesr, scenery, mounting, and dresses to be exquisitively tasteful and in keeping with the surroundings which promises to be a a revelation in the$tr/c$l events for JEadina. "The prices are popular, and a special an nouncement is made in our advertising columns for tbe benefit of tbose working to organize theatre parties, special inducements being held out to advsince sooial favor, Numerous inquireis "have been made what seats can be reserved, and for convenience a box plan has been left with Mr Tankin, tbe ohemist, who will be pleased to accede to tbe request of all who personally call or send by letter or telegram. 2 here can only be two performances given which eonstitnte two dis tinct operas, as the Company are doe in Wal laro3 10th and lltfa, and at Moonta 13th and 14tb. From theuce they proceed to Adelaide opening at Hudson's Bijou Theatre, the 18th instant, proving indelibly the faot that the performance is to be of nnusaal merit .and the reward of the management ahould.be bumper attendances. The so-Sailed aew woman is a rery poor copy of a m»cbman, says Mrs Ballington BootJu DrTalmage's sermons are said by a well-known editor to be read by twenty millions of people every week. WHICH IS THE BEST TOMATO?-The old I rough red tomato, writer its CoUajje Garden- | iny believe to be super'or. botb m quantity ! and quality to most of !he nos? existing ('.oris. j He argues-" In tomatoes, a? in potatoes, j we have paid for too heavy a pene'ty far a I smooth skin and even face. Doubling the abolition of eyes as well as wrinkled liai its j merits, and was worth something. Bur wiien quality and productiveness disappear in the I race after a smooth face and a perfect form, then assuredly the game is not woith the candle. Eiven so-oalled mild or sweet toes are by no means the best for cooking purposes, or for consuming raw by those who have acquired the tomato taste. Pos«ibly, too, those who suffer from indigestion, and have turned to the tomato for rel ef, derive more benefit from the rougher un.i more ucid varieties than from the softer, raider, and so-called swearer sorts. Th<>ro is u so less rind on the rough red than on m<»t of the smoother and more shapely varieties The thick-skinned varieties, w' ile favourable for keeping and travelling, form very !iu:sh e-it ing, and are a serious drawback '° easy digestion. Nor is the B-tnneia ol fl.-sh in many of the more novel varieties «!1 gain. The sparkling juijfi of the rough red is mure valuable tfaau the firm almost cheese-like flesh of some of the others. For these and o'her reasons, and, above aii, for its gross weight doubling or trebblinjg moat others, and its good, sound quality for all purposes, I still commend the old rou;h red," 