WESTWARD HO! CHAPTER VI.—THE COOMB BS OP THE FAR WEST. • ' (BY CHARLES KINGSLEY.) Delightful we those glens which cut the high table-land of the confines of Devon and Cornwall; and opening each'through its gorge of down and rock, towards the boundless Western Ocean. Each is like the other, and each is iike no other English scenery. Each has its upright walls, in'and of of rich oak- wood, nearer the sea of dark green furze, then of smooth tu f, then of weird black cliffs which range but right and left far into the deep sea, in castles, spires, and wings of jagged ironstone. Each has its narrow strip of fertile meadow, its crystal trout stream winding across and across from one hill-foot to the other ; its gra? stone mill, with the water sparkling and humming round the dripping wheel; -its dark rock pools above the tide mark, where the Falmon-tiout gather in from their -Atlantic wanderings, after each autumn flood : its ridge of blown sand, bright with golden trefoil and crimson lady's fingers; its grey bank of polished pebbles, down which thestream rattles toward the sea below. Each has its black fiSId of jagged shark's tooth rock which paves the cove from side to side, streaked with here and there a pink line of-, sholl sand, and laced with white foam from the eternal surge, stretching in parallel lines out to the westward, in strata set upright on; 'edge, or tilted towards each other at strange angles' by primeval earthquakes ;— . stleh is the ' Mouth'—as those coves are . {called; and.such the jaw of teeth which they • display, one rasp of which would grind abroad the timbers of the stoutest ship. To landward, all richness, softness, and peace ; to seaward, a wAste and howling wilderness of . rock; and roller, barren to the fisherman, and hopeless to the . shipwrecked mariner. In only one of these • Mouths' is a landing . for boats, made possible by a long sea-wall of rock, which protects it from the rollers of ' the Atlantic ; and that mouth is Marsland, the abode of the White Witch, Lucy Pass- . more; whither, as Sir Bichard rightly judged, the Jesuits were gone. But before 'the Jesuits came, two other personB were standing on that*lonely beach, under the bright October moon, namely, Bose Salterne and the White Witch herself; for Rose, fevered with curiosity and superstition, and allured by the very .wildness and possible danger of the spell, had kept her appointment; and, a few minutes before midnight, stood on the gray shingle beach with her counsellor. ' You be safe enough here to-night, Miss. My old man-, is snor ng sound abed, and there's hQ other sotil ever sets foot here o' nights, except it be the mermaids now and then. Goodness, Father, where's our boat? It ought to be up here on the pebb'es.' . Rose pointed to a strip of sand some forty yards nearer the sr a, whpre the boat lay. \- • Oh, the lazy old villain! he's beenround . : the rocks after vpol1ock this evening, and never taken the trouble to hale the-boat up. Pll .. trounce him toy it when I get home. I only . V- hope he's made her fast where she is, that's .-He's morep'flgue tome titan evei my -money will be. Oh deary me. wife bustled down toward the rfl^^jfefeibeWndl^ir.; : \ " ^:K '"ilss. ;l tis fast, Bure enough: and the oars / Well I never 1 Oh, the' lazy .to leave they here to be stoie ! ru sit 'in thp bojit, dear, and, wa,tch mun, s^ou^o'dbwnto fit say ; foryoa must I alone to yourself, yojo know, -or you'll othi&g.; '.Thter^I the looking-glass; now pd'dip your head three times, and mind n'tfc . joolrto - - land - or to sea before jwi've and looked upon the glass, -wide, It's just upon midnight.': g^i^Wifttmleiei herself op in-the boat, while "*"" imt witering down the strip of sand, . walls of rook: that .'.twenty feet high, hid 'btfer,;lib-f ihsilie; that on her right, thou |h mubhlower, t66k the whole blaze of the mid&ght; Great festoons of;, live and purple seaweed hung from it, shading dark cracks and crevices, fit haunts for all the goblins of the sea. On her l«ft hand, the peaks of the rock frowned down ghastly black ; on her right hand, iar albft, the downs slept bright and cold. ; Th<? breeze had died away; not even a roller broke the.peitect stillness of the cove. The gulls were all asleep upon the ledges. Over all was a true autumn silence ; a silence which may be heard. She stood aw'ed, and listenpd in hope of a sound which might tell her that any living thing beside herself existed. There was a faint bleat, as of a new-born lamb, high above her head; she started and looked up. Then a wail from the cliffs, as of a child in pain, answered by another from t e opposite rocks. They were but the pass ing snipe, and the otter calling to her brood; but to her they were mysterious, supernatural goblins, come to answer to her calL Nevertheless, they only quickened her expectation; and tbe witch had told her not to fear them. If sho performed the rite duly, nothing would harm her: but she could hear the beating of her ov n aeai t.as she stepped, mirror in hand, into tl-.e cold water, •svadc-d hastily, as far as she dure, and then stopped aghast. A ring of fl ime was reran her waist; every limb was bathed in lambent light; all the multitudinous life of the autimn sea, stirred by her approach, had flashed suddenly into glory— 'And around her the lamps of the sea nymphs, Myriad fiery globes, swam heaving and panting, and rainbows, Crimson and azure and emarald, were broken in star-showers, lighting Far through the wine-dark depths of the crystal, tho gardens of Nereus, Coral and sea fan and tangle, the blooms and the palms of th'e ocean.' She could see every shell which crawled on the white sand at her feet,'" ever? rock-fish which played in and out of the crannies, and stared at her with its broad bright eyes; while the • great palmate oarweeds which waved along tbe chasm, half-seen in the glimmering water, seemed .to beckon her down with long brown hands to a grave amid their chilly bowers. She turned to flee; but she had gone t io far now to retreat; hastily dippi g her head three times, she hurried out to the sea-marge, and looking through her dripping locks at the magic mirror, pronounced the incantation— ' A maiden pure, here I stand, Neither on sea, nor yet on land ; Angels watch me on either hand. If you be landsman, come down the strand; If ,vou be sailor, come up the sand ; If you be angel, come from the sky, Look in my glass, and pass me by; Look in my glass, and go from the shpre; Leave me, but love me for evermore.' The incantation was hardly finished ; hpr eyes were straining into tbe mirror, where, as may be supposed, nothing appeared but the sparkle, of the drops from her own tresses, when she heard rattling down the pebHles the hasty feet of men and horses. She darted into a cavcrn of the high rock, and hastily dressed herself: the steps held on right to the boat. Peeping out, half-dead with terror, she saw there four men, two of whom had just leaped from their horses, and turning them adrift, began to helj^ the other stwo in running the boat down. , Whereon, out of the stern - sheets, arose, like an angry ghost, the portly figure of Lucy Pasembre, and shrieked in shrillest treble— 'Eh'I ye villains, ye roogs, what do ye want staling poor folks' boats by night like this ?' The whole party recoiled in terror, and one turned to run up the bcach, shouting^ at the top of his voice, ' 'Tis a/ marmaiden—a mar. maiden asleep'ih Willy Passmore's boat V ' I wish it were any sich good luck,' she could hear WilTsay; ' 'tis my wife, oh dear!' and he cowered'down, expecting the hearty cuff which he received duly, as me White Witch, leaping out of the boat, dttced any man to touch it, and thundered 4o her husband to go home to bed. \ The wily dame, as Rose well guessed, was keeping up this delay chiefly to gaih time for her pupil: but she had also more, solid, reasons for making the fight as 'hard as possible ; for she, as well as Boss, had. &U;«ady discerned in the ungainly figure <Jf one of the party the same suspicious gentleman, on whose calling she had" divined long ago; and 6he was so loyal a subject as to hold in extreme horror her husband's meddling with such' Popish skulkers', (as she ..cpl^d the wEble jJarty roundly to their fao&J;—Unless on consideration of a very handgwpe sum of money. * ii Vain Parsons thundered, Campian «gtreated, Mr. fceigh'^gnjpjnri fwore, and her husband danced round in an agony of mingled^ear and covetousness., '•:•:'.".K • * No,? she cried,' as I am aribooeet woman ^ndJoyafX This is' wh£fduleffcthe boat down KM je shbd£& is it? I mob noxfc lis out of the hands pf her.Majestv's quorum and ri>tulorutn^: ;M ? Stand back, cowards! Will .you i&ijee;^ajjroinan ?' This-r^^twech (as usual) was merely indicativgJmKer intention to strike the men : for, geti|j|||but on? of the oars, she swung it roundjanopound fiercely, and at last caught Frtthet Pfttgpns such a crank across the shins, tbagfcife^retrl&ted; with a howl. ^ Lucy 1" shrieked her husband, in | evorila 1 setto, ' be you mazed ? Be aspi?, lass ? They promised me two before I'd lend them the boot!' ijfehrieked the matron,'; with a toneef EaSfiiSscdrn. ' And do yu call yourself a . .n . '•Tu nobles! tu nobles!' shrieked he again, hopping about-at oar's length. ,0 V • Tu ? And would you sell vftUr soul under ten?' ' Oh, if that is it,' cried poorCampian, -give her ten, give her ten, brother Pars—Morgans, I mean; and take care of your shins, " Offa Cerbera," you know—0 virago! " Furens quid fcemina possit!" Certainiy she is soms Lamia, some Gorgon, some ' ' Take that, for your Lamys and Govgons to an honpst woman !' and in a moment poor Campian's thinles;s were cut from under h'm, while the virago, ' mounting on his trunk astride.' like that ruo r e famous one on Hudibr.is, rvipd, • Ten noh'os, or I' ! l kep you here till morning!' And the ten nobles were paid into her hand. And now the boat, its dragon guardian being pacified, was run down to tbe sea, and close past the nook vyhere poor little Rose was squeezing herself into the farthest and darkest corner, among wet seaweed nnd rough barnacles, holding her breath as they approached. They passed her, and the boat's keel was already in the water; Lucy had followed them close, for reasons of her own. and perceiving close to tho water's edge a dark cavern, cunninply siT-m ; =ed that it contained Rose, and planted her ample person right ac'-oss its month, whi'e she g-umbled at her husband, the strangers, and above all at Mr. Leigh's groom, to whom she prophesied pretty plainly Launceston gaol and the .gallows ; while the wretched serving-man, who would as soon dared to leap off Welcombe Cliff, as to return railing for frailing to the White Witch, in viin en'reated her mercy, and tried by all possible dodging, to keep one of the party between himself and her, lest her redoubted eve should • overlook ' him once more to his ruin. But the night's adventures were not ended , vet; for just as the boat was launched, a faint hal'oo was heard upon the beach, and a minute after, a horseman plunged down the pebbles, and along the sand, and pulling his horse up on its haunches close to the terrified group, dropped, rather than leaped, from the saddle. The serving- man, though he dared , not tack'ea witch, knew well enough how to deal with a swordsman; and drawing, sprangupon the newcomer: and then recoiled— 'God forgive me, it's Mr. Eustace! Oh, dear sir, I took you for one of Sir Richard's men! Oh Sir, you're hu':tl' 'A scratch, a scratch!' almost moaned Eustace. ' He'p me into the boat, Jack. GeBtlemen, I must with you.' ' Not with us, surely, my dear son, vagabonds upon the face of the earth ?' said kindhearted Campian. ' With you, for ever. AH is over here. Whither God and the cause lead '—and ahe staggered toward thp boat. As he passed Rose, she saw his ghastly bleeding face, half bound bp with a handkerchief, which could not conceal the convulsions of rage, shame, and despair which twisted it from all its usual beauty. His eyes glared wildly round—and once, right into the cavern. They met hers, so fulh and keen, and' dreadful, that forgetting she was utterly invisible, the. terrified girl was on the point of shrieking aloud. ' He has overlooked me! said she, shuddering to herself, as she recollected his threat of yesterday. ' Who has wounded you ?' asked Campian. ' My cousin—Amyas—and taken the letterl' • The Devil take him, tbenl' cried Parsons, stamping up and down upon the sand in fury. ' Ay, curse him—you may! I daje not! He saved me—sent me" here 1'—and with a groan, he made an effort to enter tbe boat, ' Oh, my dear young gentleban,'' cqf& Lucy Passmore, her' woman's Ijeart bursting but at xhe sight of pain,' you muBt not goo forth with a grane wound like to that. Do ye let me just bind moo up—do ye nowV and she advanced. , Eustace tftrust her bade. • No! better bear it. I deserve it—devils t I deserve it 1 On board, .or we shall njl -te lost—William Clary is elose behind me4' And at that news the boat was thrust into the sea, faster than ever it went befcJW,' tm& only in time; for it was blit just round the rbcVs; and out bf^tigl^vhen ttes rattle of Cary's boraehi J ™' •"* 