Tto littering of a Rose, COMPLETE IN THREE INSTALMENTS 1 marie corelli, AUTUOB OP Tho Sorrows of Satan," "Barabbaat A Dream of tho World's Tragody," i . "The Song of Miriam," 4o. £ALIi QUEENSLAND BIOIITS BSBEBTED. . CHAPTER I. — WoUtinued.) "Only you!" ho repeated; "What do „ . Jou mean r' "I mean that I said it — they aro my. own I words just as tlioy camo into my head. Very ' silly, of course." , He eyed hor with dignified wondor. 1\. "Silly," ho echoed. " I should think so, ! indeed. Nothing could ho sillier. Thov ro- , mind me of tho stylo which tho nowspaper critics condemn us ' foroible feohlo.' " . . ; Ho smiled, and stroked his black mous tache. All at once she looked up at him with an expression of pathetio pleading in her lyouugface. ''Harold," sho said in a low uncertain voice, " are you suro — I mean— do you really .lovomof" At this I10 felt seriously voxed ; sho was ' going to be hysterical or something, he was sure — women were all alike. My deur Rose," ho replied, with laborious politeness, "I think if you will tako into consideration the faot that I liavo married you, you will scarcely need to ask such a very foolish question. If I had not loved yon I should not havo made you my wife. That you ore ray wifo ought to bo auffioiont for you — tho deepest feelings, ns you know, havo tho fewoBt words, I hope," liore his voice beeamo distinotly uggricvcd in tone, " I hope . you are not going to cry. Nothing is more childish ; but perhaps you aro overtired, and hud better go indoors. Pray remember that we are living more or less undor public inspection, and that an hotel is not tho place to make a scono in." , She raised her eyes to his. They were dry and bright und cold. " Do not ho afraid," she said. " I am not crying, und I shall mako 110 scono." And turning from him, sho entered the hotel in sileucu. He did not follow her, hut remuined sauntering up and down on the turf outside, smoking it cigar. The next morning Mr. Francis Fane was out in the woods with his easel and skotohing blaok, bent 011 finishing a rather powerful study of a tall pine treo split through by lightning. Ho had been hard at work for xnoro than' an hour before ho became aware that there was a small wliito bundle lying, apparently thrown, on tho moss at soma little distauco off. He could not make it out very , distinctly; for tho shadows of tho pines' wcro so long und wide, and presently moved by curiosity, y ho got Up and went to see wbiit it was. As ho approached, it reBolvod itself into a figure— 11 slight littlo figure olad in white with u blue ribbon round its waist — and stopping abruptly in his advance, I10 fraught tho smothered sound of low sobbing. "ByJovo!" I10 muttered, "Mrs. Alling- Ihnm !" Indescribably pained nnd uncomfortable nt this discovery, ho was about to step noiselessly back to his easel without uttering a word, .when the girl suddenly raised her head, and perceiving him, started up, nervously trying \- to control herself. "I— I'bcg your pardon!" lie stammered. 41 1— I came out hero to make a skotoli- — " " Not of me, I hope!" she said with a littlo tromulouB smile ; then without tho least protenco or affectation, sho dried her eyes with' a tiny laco handkerchief and began to laugh, though a trifle forcibly. "1. camo out hero, not to sketoli, but to cry," sho confessed naively. "Touknow it's very nice to have a little weep all to oneself vomotimos." ' ' Is it ? " and- ho reddened foolishly. "I should have thought — " But J10 could not devise any fitting endtolUo sentence; nnd she looked nt him with a touoh of wist- fulness in her dowy oyes. " May I seo your sketch P " sho said, pick ing up a largo pmo-cone from tho ground and studying its pretty polished divisions with inteiiHO interest. " I liavo often noticed you wandoring about with your easel and paint-box. You aro Mr. Franois Fano, are you not, nnd you ure Btaying at tho same hotol ur wo nro P " To all this I10 assented, walking beside her dronmily, and always thinking what a oliild sliu looltod. As tlioy drow ueur tho spot wiioro ho lind left his ciisol, lie woke up to consoiousuess of prosy etiquette, and ondeu- vourcd to realise that his companion was not a woodland sylph us sho scorned, hut a married lady of position. t'I'm afraid my pour skotoli is hardly worth your looking at, Mrs. Allingham," he began formally. She interrupted him by a littlo gesture. t " Oh, you know I am Mrs. Allingham P" \- she queried, smiling. "Of course, I do!" he answered, some what umuscd und surprised at , her tono. ,, Everybody at tho Ponsiou Gutsch knows you by sight." She mused a little, still intent on tho mutheinaticul partitions of the pine-eone she bold. Suddonly sho looked up. "Aud what do they say of moP" she asked. . Fano was quite taken aback by tho dircot- ness of the quostion. Meeting, her eyes, however, and noting the inquiring candour and sweet innocence of thoir expression, he answored out manfully : "Tlioy say you aro vory young and vory pretty. You could hardly oxpeot them to say or to tlilnk anything else, oould youP" Sho smiled und blushed. "On, .1 don't know !'! sho, said. "You seo, I thought thoy might think me- well — funny." . , Ho stared. '! Funny." . " Yes. . Because it does Heom funny, doesn't it, for suoh a little thing as I am, to .lie a murrlcd woman P Somo people must think it ouriouB. . Fanoy — a married woman 1 Oh, I am qnito old enough— I am twenty — but I don't socm to lio tall enough or big enough !" and she spread out hor pretty hands .oxpressively and witli a charming smilo. ."I don't know quite whero I got all my silly ideas from, hut when I was at soliool ' I used to think a married woman meant somebody fat and important- looking) who always wore a cap at breakfast, nndd bow of volvot on the exaot top of her lioad by way of full dress at dinner. I did, ' really !" and her eyes sparkled at tho souiui " of Fane's joyous laughter. "Of course, I '"'.'know .better now, but tbon " boro alio \- broko off us sho saw the easel just in front of her with tho unfinished sketch upon it. She looked at it long and earnestly, uud Fano I1 wiitohed her, feeling somewhat curious to know what sort of criticism this bahy-fneed creature would pass upon it. Sho studied it from ovory point with close attention, and her 'byes grew soft and serious. "It id vory human!" bIic said, at last. "The poor split, treo tells its own history. ' You oan seo It did not know anything— it 'grow up quite happily, always looking at tho ' Bky ana believing that 110 harm oould befull it — till nil at onoo tho lightning struck it to the heart and killed it. And in tliiB pioturo of yours it seems to usk was it my fault that I fell p . Of oourso, you moiu'i it as un emblem . 'of some noblo ruined life, do you not?',' . ' He hoard hor with u certain wonder and . 'reverence— lior voinewus so very sweet and grave. ; . - . t'l odnnotsny I ever thought of it -in the ' ymyynit seo it," ho answored, "but I. am . ' .'very glad, and proud, that you find so.ihuoh ' ,'pootry in.my poor effort." . , Poetry P — oh, 110, I am not at ' all j." " ' pbatlool !" .'she Said, quickly, und almost ehamefaoodly. I used to ho ruthor fond of ' -'reading Keats and Byron, hut Inovor do that ' /now — my huHbaud docs not like it — — " , "Indeed !" murmured Fuiio vaguely, ; wishing ho could muko a pioturo of her. us ' - "sho stood boforo liim in her little whito gown, " with a piotureequo, bread brimmed hut rcst- ' ing on the sunny euris of her abundant luiir. " "No," slio wont 011, confidingly, 44 he .thinks it suoh nonsense. You see, ho is a ( very olovei'' man, and very soientifio. He , reads ull the heavy magazines, nnd thinks it is very silly to waste timo 011 studying verse, ! nheo. ono can hr.vo so muoh uroso. .___... ' Yes, there certainly is . a good deal of prose about," said Fane. . At that momont a shadow orbssod tbo sun light in whioh they stood,: and Mr. Alling ham Bnddonly made his uppearanoo. "Why, Harold!" exclaimed his wife, springing towards him, " I thought you had gone into the town 1" " I have boon into tho town," ho replied, frigidly, " but I returned a few minutes, ago. Perhaps you aro not awnro it iB nearly our lunoh hour P" Then with a stand-offish yet would-be patronising uir, addressing himself to Fano, " You aro an artist, sir P" . "I do a littlo in that way," replied the young man, modestly. "Mrs. Allingham happened to pass by whilo I was at work, and she has boon kind enough to look ut my skotoh." "Ah— yes — or — yes ! Vory goodindccd !" murmured Mr. Allingham, scarcely glancing at tbo pioturo as ho spoke, "ltoso, it is time.we wont in. Yon aro staying ut our hotol are you not, Mr. — er — Mr. — P" " Fano," said that gentleman, mildly. "Fano, oh 1 all — yes. I think I have heard of you in London. You have exhibited, have you not P" "Frequently." ' "Oh, yes, er — I remomber! Charmed — charmed to moot you 1 Aro you coming our way now P" "No!" said Fane, rather brusquely, "I must finish my work." And he raised his hat courteously its hus band and wifo in tlioir turn saluted him and walked away together. He looked after them for Bomo minutes, noting with an artist's oyo tho swaying youthful graoe of tho woman's dainty figuro, and tho stiff uncompromising squareness of the man's. ' "D1 matched in overy way," bo said to himself. "She is too youug ; and ho' is too — oonoeited." That samo ovoning ho was somewhat surprised when Mr. Allingham came up . to him with almost an air of cordiality, aud invited him to tako coffee, and a smoke after wards in that privato part of tho ' Gutsch ' veranda which had been specially partitioned off for the solo use uud benefit of tho liewly- woddod pair. He went, and was Bliyly wel comed by Mrs. Ailinghum, who looked raoro like a small lost angel than ever, attired iu a loose teagown of silky white, adorned witli old luce, and slcovcs of delicate chiffon. Sho Bat a littlo apart, looking out through tho creepers which festooned the veranda at tho full moon, sailing slowly through whito clouds over the heights of Sonnenberg. "Mrs. Allingham does not objeot to ' smoko ? ' " said Fano, courteously, boforo lighting his cigar. Sho turned nor head, surprised ; hor husband laughed. "Well, I never asked hor," lie said. "Rose, do you hearP Do you objeot to smoke ? " "Objeot? IP Oh, no," she faltered. "Notutall!" Her husband laughed again and passed the liqueurs to his guest, who, howover, helped himself vory sparingly. Allingham drank off some cogmio, and begun to talk, and presently brought round the conversation to the subjeot of his place in Norfolk — Dunscomho Hall. "I havo been looking," J10 said, witha' pompons air, " for a competent person to muko skotelies of the place. Now, I boliove, if I am not mistaken, that you uroonthe staff of ono of tho piotorials ? " Fane admitted the faot. " Tlieu you would bo tho very man for mo. I should not at all mind giving, you tho job if you would care to undertako it." It was on tho tip of Fnuo's tonguotosay that he would soo him first, fur tlio man's tono was so bumptious and patronising as to be distinctly offensive. But, glancing nt tlio delicato: profile of tho girl who leaned out among the clambering vines, looking at the solemn beauty, of tho night, ho restrained himself by tin effort. " If my engagements will nllow mo to accept . any extra work I shall not objeot," ho answered, stiffly, "but I should have to communicate with my editor first. " Oh, certainly, certainly," said . Mr. Allingham, complacently. " Only if you do it at ull you must do it in Ootober. If you can't, arrange that I must got somebody olse. Dunscomho Hall is a very fine subject for nn artist's penoil. It used to ho a monastery, and tliore are still somo ruins of the old cloisters in the grounds. And there is 11 sliuwy hit of skotohing always at hand in the Haunted Mere." . , " Is it haunted ?" " Well, they say so," jeplied Allingham, lighting his oigar. "I've- never scon tho ghost mysolf, hut I am told that whenever tlioro is to be a death in tho family a lady uppears in a boat on the water and bcokoiiB tlio departing spirit. ' All nonsonse, of course. - But I rather liko a family ghost." "And jrouP" asked Fane of Mrs. Alling ham, seeing that sho had turned towords them und was listening attentively. " I eunnot quite tell whether I do or not," sho said slowly, and ho funoiod he saw her tremble. " I liavo never boon in a haunted house to my knowledge, und, of course, it will bo a now experience." Sho forced a little smile. "laid not know Dunsoombo Hall hud a ghost." "Well, you know now," said her husband, oheorfully. "But it is a ghost that nevor comos indoors. And tho Haunted Mora is a mile off from tho house, so 110 ono is likely to make its acquaintance. You will lot mo know in good timo, Mr. Fano, as to wliothcr you oan undertako my commission or not P" "Certainly." The .conversation then ohanged to other matters, and when they parted for tho niglit l'ano thought Mrs. Allingham looked very tired und wd. A great pity filled his heart for tlio winsome littlo oreaturo who seemed made for speoial tenderness and euro, and who, despite tho faot of hor married dignity, bad suoli an uir of patliotio loneliness about her. " Poor littlo womnn 1 " ho murmured, as he strolled out by liimsolf in tho warm moon light, boforo going to bod. " She lias got 11 jiorfootly irroproaolmhlo, eommonpluoo prig for a husband — 110 will never do her uny harm openly — nevor grudge her anything — ' never scandalise her in the least— and yet " _ Ho did not pursue tho train of his reflec tions — he gluneed at the moon, tlio tall straight pino treo, tho dowy turf— tlion, with a sigh ovor whut ho, os a modern pessimist, was disposed to consider tlio " fairness and futility " of creation gonornlly, forgot every thing in a sound und dreamless sloep. CHAPTER EC; . During the rest of tlioir stay at the Pension Gutseh, Mr. Fano suw a good deal of tho Allinghams. Moved by tlio con sideration that tho artist was a man not unknown to famo, Mr. Ailinghum unbent towards him as munh us so important a person could bo expected to unbend, and even condcsocndcd to take u fow oxour- sions, suoh as lie had once deolared I10 liatcd, in his new acquaintance's company. Tlioy parted in August— Mr. und Mrs. Allingham to return to Engliind, und tho stately attractions of Dunscomho Hall, Nor folk, und Fano to inuka.u climbing tour in tho Tyrol. Tlioy loft tho Gutseli alto gether on tho sumo day, jogging down the steep declivity for tho lust timo in tho odd littlo cog-wheel car. "It is liko coming down from hcavon I " said Rose Ailinghum, looking wistfully up at tho receding pine trees, bonding to anil fro liko tall plumes on tho height. " Let us hope wo aro not going to the 1 rivul region,' ! " laughed Fano. "You liko tho Gutsch then. Mrs. Ailinghum P " " Very lnnoli," slio answored. "Itis u fairly pleasant plaoe for a short Bojourn," said her liusbund, disparagingly. " Very monotonous, of courso. I should poyor care to go there again." "Wouldn' t you P" murmured Rose/timidly. " Oil, I should. "Nodpubt!" retorted her husband, with a hard smile. "But then, you seo, I shouldn't." And ho began to road a London paper two days old, which had arrived for linn that morning. At Lucerne station thoy had said good-byo to Fano, Mr. Ailinghum expressing his liopo in languago that savoured more of commnnd than entrouty, that tho artist would undor- tako his " commission" in Ootober to skctoh tho various bonutii's of Dunsoombo Hull. "As to terms," ho said, loftily, "I think wo need not montion them, as nothing of that sort will stand in your way or mine. Whatever you oliooso to fix I skull very t willingly ugrco to." Tho young mun flushed a little, but said nothing. Slinking builds again with Mrs. 'Ailinghum, ho presented her with u pretty hunch pf Alpine blue gentiauB and edelweiss as U partiug souvonir, and lifting his bat, remained uncovered till tho train had 'steamed off. . " If it were wore not for her," he mused, I would ace Dunscomho Hull und its prigfgish owner at Joriolio before I'd go near either of them. As it is— woll — I'll think aboutit." Soptcmbor passed in a glorious blazo of beauty nnd pnrfeot weather ; and by tho timo Ootober was a week old, his " thinking aboutit" had resolved into a dofluito courso of aotion. So that, 011 ono solemn and shadowy ovoning, when tho smoll of faUing leaves was in tho air, and tho indcfinablo melanoholy of autumn darkened tho landscape oven nB a sad thought darkens a bright faoo, ho was driven undor tho frowning nnd picturesque gatowuy of Dunsoombo Hall, and up tlio tine but rathor gloomy uvcnuo of uneiont elms that led to tlio stately buildiug. Tlio carriage had been sent to moot him at tho station, and when he finally arrived and got out of tho door of tho houso, ho wus received by a dignified man servant iu dark livery, who informed him that Mr.' Allingham had been obliged to go out for nn hour, but that Mrs. Allingham was "waiting tea" for him in the drawing- room. To tho drawing-room I10 wus there fore Bhown ; nnd suoh was the sizo and Rntiqtio splendour of that vast apartinbut, that for a momont ho oould scarcely perceive his young hostess, who ut tho announcement of his name camo forward to meet him. And when ho did rculiso her presence, such a shook of pain wont through him tiiat ho could scarcoly speak. Tlio change wrought in her during 11 space of barely two months was so terrible, that be could only stammer out some unintelligible words, press her Braall cold hand and guzo ut hor wnnderingly. Sho raeun- wliile inet Ills pitying, inquiring regard with a gentio patience in her own oyes., "I see," sho said with a faint smile, "you think I am looking . ill, don't you P Yes — overybody docs. It is quite trim I am not well — I fancy sometimes this place " — and as light shiver ran. through hor — " doos not agree with mo. It is vory, very big " — here she laughed— " and I am vory small. I urn sure a littlo woman ought to livo in a littlo houso to bo comfortablo. But I havo a vory good doctor —so kind and clover — ho says it is only want of tono, and a littlo heart weakness — that's all. Come and have some tea — there's a fire at this end of the room. She led the way to a sort of coBy corner, whero light and warmth wcro concentrated near a tea table set out with Queen Anno silver and Sevres china, and sitting in a low chair opposito licr, Fune watched her in com passionate silence. If sho had looked a ohild before, she socmed more tlmu ever ono now — sho hud grown 'so thin and palo and fragile, that it seemed us if the merest puff of wind would blow her out of existence altogether. Her little hands, waxon whito aud dolicato, wore scarcely equal to tho tusk of lifting tho tea pot to pour out tho ton, but as sho busied her self with lier hospitable duties, ii faint colour came into licr cheeks, und her eyes sparkled more brightly. " Isn't this a liugo room?" sho said, as sho passed Fune his aup. " It's meant < for hundreds of pooplo, you know — pebplo in powdorcd wigs and court suits. I don't think it acoommodatos itself to modern life at all." "It is indeed enormous !!' nnd Fano glanced up and dowu and round about him. "Tho ceiling appears to bo frescoed." " Oh yes, it is wondorful. Quite horrid, in my opinion — but Mr. Ailinghum says it is murvellons. Any iiumber of fat goddosscs and Cupids. You will see it muoh bettor by daylight: IVo have no gas in this room, bcoauso it would spoil tho fresco — that is why it is always so dark." " To light it up we Bhould havo to put oandles in all those four big "Venetian chandeliers ; and caoh one of them holds two hundred lights." "No economy in oandles there 1" said Fane, laughing. "No, indeed! But, of course, wonovorhavo occasion to light it up— we nevor givo parties ; there are not enough pcoplo in tho neigh bourhood to come to them if wo did." " How far aro you from Sandringliam P" he inquired. ' " Oh, a long way. "Wo aro just con veniently' taut -'of tho roaoh of" overybody worth knowing, aud everything that is going on." TO BE CONTINUED ON MONDAY. 