ENGLISH MAIL V. NEWS. ' BAPTISM OF THE TSAK'S DAUGHTER. Tho infant Grand Duchess Olea Niko- laevna, the Tsar's daughter, was baptised at Zarskoo Solo on November 26 with great ceremony. The child and her nurses wero conveyed in a State procession of gil- uou coaenos, eacn arawn oy six ricniy- caparisoned white horses, through tho streets of Zarskoo Selo from the Alexander Palaco to tho Groat Palace, escorted by tho scarlet-coated troopers of the Tsar's Cossack bodyguard. A brilliant procession of members of tho Imperial family, atten ded by their cburtlcrs and the high offi cers of Stato, thon slowly paced through tho palace to tho church, situated at one end of tho building. Tho mistress of the robe3, Princess Galltzln, carried the Im perial Infant upon a scarlet cushion, which was supported on clthor side by Count Dellanof, Minister for Education, and Prlnco Lobanof, Minister for Foreign Af fairs. "Tho Times" says that tho ceremony of christening, like all rites of the Russian Church, is rather complicated, consisting of four ceremonies combined — namely, re nunciation of tho evil spirit, confession of faith by tho sponsors, the sacrament of baptism, and unction'. Although the metro politan and members of the synod officiate, they 'cannot perform the baptism, as they belong to tho monastic clergy. This rite is performed by tho priest and confessor of his Majesty, and, In accordance with an ancient and curious custom, the par ents of tlio child are never present. The. Tsar, therefore, retired to an Inner room, after receiving tine blessing of tho clergy, and only returned!, for prayers after, the actual baptism bad been accomplished. Thffi consists In the priest completely Im mersing tho child 'three times In the name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Tho priest dexterously places tho palm of his right hand over tho child's mouth, with tho fingers over- the eyes and ears, and then dips It face downwards into the holy water. The balsy is dressed behind a screen, and Is then given the sacrament, and decorated by tho Dowager Empress with the collar of tho Order of Saint Ca therine, and finally anointed with holy oil. Tho sponsors, with lighted tapers, each In turn carrying tho child, also follow the priest three times round the font. These rites ore accompanied by numerous prayers and beautiful sitiging by the choir. Tho sponsors tuero the Empress Dowager, Queen Victoria, tile Empress Frederick, the Queen of tho Hellenes, the King of Denmark, tho Grand Duke of Hesse, and tho Grand Duko Vladimir. None of the foreign personages, however, were actually present. Tho celebrated priest John of Cronstadt was lit attendance by special Invitation. It Is an interesting fact that the Tsar- ltsa Insists, contrary to all tradition and custom, upon nourishing her Infant daugh ter herself. A largo number of Russian peasant women wero gathered from various parts of Russia In order that a suitable wctnurso might bo selected for the Imperial Grand Duchess. None of them was to be tho mother of fewer than two or of more than four children, and those of dark complexion were to bo preferred. Her Imperial Majesty, however, as the latest official bulletin announces, has taken this important maternal duty entirely upon herself, and is probably the first Empress of Russia who has ever done so. Her Majesty and the Infant Grand Duchess continue to progress in the most satis factory manner. 