A LIFE SENTENCE. CHAPTER XLIII. (Continued). Br Adeline Sergeant. The General, having once began the story could not keep it to himself. 'It in a most extraordinary thing.' he said, ‘how Hubert came to know her at all. I should have though that ha would steer clear of her—as clear as of poison—when he was eogaged to you.’ ' Oh, he would not think of me,’ said Enid, quietly. 4 Why should he have avoided Cynthia West?' ‘Why’’ said the General, bringing his fiat down on the table with a bang that made the dishes rattle and caused Enid to give a start. 4 Why, because she is not Cynthia West at all. She is the daughter of that ruffian—that murderer —to whom your deso late orphaned condition is due, my darliDg. She iB Westwood's child, the man who killed your dear father, and who ought to have been hanged for it long ago.’ Enid’s hand slipped from her uncle’s neck. She knelt on, looking up at him with dazed incredulous eyes and quivering white lips. The communication bad given a great shook to her trnßt in Hubert. 'Perhaps perhaps.’ eho said at last, ‘Hubert did not know.’ 4 Oh, but he did—he did,’ said her uncle, whose memory for dates and details was generally at fault. 4 If not at once, he knew before very long; and he ought never to have spoken to her again when onoe he knew. Ab for all that stuff about hiß not beiDg quiet unless she was in the room—about her beiug the only person who could manage him when he was delirious, you know—why, that wae stuff and nonsense. They ought to have got a strait- waistcoat and strapped him down to the bed; that would surely have kept him as quiet as any Miss Cynthia Went.’ The General Baid the name with infinite scorn. ‘ls that what they said—that he waß quiet when Bbe was there,’ Enid enquired. ‘So they said—so they said. I don’t see the sense of it myself, replied the General, feeling that he had perhaps said a little too much. 1 Then did he send for her V ’No, my dear; he waß unconscious when Bhe came. I believe that his man Jenkinß was at the bottom of it all. He went and told her that poor Hubert was ill.’ _‘ But I don’t quite understand. If Hubert did not send for her, what right had she to come 2’ 4 Yon may well ask that. What right in deed. Ao abominable thing, I call it, for Westwood’s daughter to go and nurse one of our family. Don’t grieve about it, my dar ling. If Hubert wm led astray by her wiles for a little time, you may be sure that he will be ashamed of himself before very long. He has a good heart, and will not let you go; he loves you too sincerely for that, I am quite tore. So you must not fret.’ ‘I don’t; I Bhall not grieve—in that way, uccls,’ said Enid, gravely, but with perfect calm. 4 You mean that Hubert cares for her, and. that she loves him too ?’ ‘I don’t know what she does,’ said the General, with a rather ominous growl. 4 1 only know that there was some entanglo meot understanding botween them —a flirtation, I daresay — young men are not always so oareful as they onght to be—and perhaps the girl has taken it seriously.’ ‘Poor girl,’ said Enid, softly, 4 1 am very 6 °rry for her.’ ' Sorry ? Sorry for Westwood’B daughter? Enid, you foigat what is due to yourself and to your father. Do not speak of her. For get her; and rest assured that when Hubert is better he will dismiss her with thanks—if thanks are necessary—and that we shall soon sue him here at Beechfield again. And, my dear, when he iB better, I will put no further obstacle in your way, if you still desire the— the engagement to go on.’ ‘Yon forget, Uncle Richard,’ said Enid, ter y quietly, 4 that there was no real en g*Eement.’ She had alwayß maintained to herself elore that there was one. He looked at her with wonder. But, my dear, there was,a sort of under ,,a®ding, you know; and Connie always said ,*y°u were so fond of each other.’ , Gonnie did not know,’ Enid answered oldly, Then she withdrew herßelf from the < oneral’s encircling arm and rose to her feet, t-ou have not told me yet, uncle,’ Bhe went hi what news you had from the dootor this morning,’ rati?* 1 ’ no . t h' n g fresh,' said the General, in hi 6 ailt y tone; and then, as she pressed j {*• Explained further. 4 You see, my onehss ’ W * bought IB* ll Miss West Sul to go away, hseauas none of ua ean go to see Hubert while she is there—if for no other reason, because she is that man's daughter; and I wrote to the doctor to en quire whether Hubert could not do without her now; and he says, No—that there would be danger of a relapse if she should go.’ •Then of course you will say that she must be aßked to Btay until Hubert is better, uncle.’ ‘ Do you think so, my dear ?' ‘ Certainly.' 'But it is naturally very painful to you, and to all of us, to think that Hubert's recovery is dependent on that girl. I call it posi tively degrading,’ cried the General, crum pling up bis papers and rising from biß seat in a sudden fury. ‘lt is painfal—yes,’ said Enid/ with a heavy sigh; 'but I suppose that it cannot be helped;’ and Bhe turned away, bo that he might not sec the qnivering of her lip or the tear that rolled down her pale cheekß as she said the words. She went out into the conservatory and sat down amongst the flowers. She bad been too proud to show the General how much Bhe was hurt; but, as a matter of .fact, she was very deeply wounded indeed. Her affectionß were not bruised—she had never oared for Hubert so little in her life; but her pride had received a tremendous blow. Even if he had only ‘ flirted ’ with Cyn thia West, as the General had suggested, the flirtation was an insult to the girl whom he had asked in marriage. Indeed, it seemed worse to Enid than a grande passion would have seemed; for her readings in poetry and Action had taught ..her . that a genuine and passionnte love sometimes oaused people to forget the claims of duty and the bonds of a previous affection. But the General had not seemed to think that anything of this kind existed; although the fact that Hubert’s delirium onuld not be quieted except in Cyn thia’s presence Bhowed, even to Enid’s inno cent eyes, that some strong sympathy, some great mutual attraotion, united them. If it were so, Enid asked herself, could she blame him? What had she herself done? Had she not given her heart away to Mau rice Evandale, although her word was plighted to Hubert Lepel? But then, she said to herself, she had never professed any great affection for Hubert; she had not taken the initiative in any way. He need not have asked her to marry him—he might have loft her perfeotly free. She felt iudigoantly that she had been trifled with— that he had asked her to be his wife without caring to make her so, and that he might perhaps have trifled in the same manner with Cynthia Weßt. If that were the case, Enid Vane said to herßelf that she should never forgive him. He had profaned love itself—the holiest of earth’s mysteries—and Bhe resented the action, although she might gain by it her own freedom and happiness. It was even passible that this gain might be denied to her. Suppose, when he was better that he came back and olaimed her promise, repudiated Cyuthia’s attempt to earn hiß gratitude, and explained his 'con duct in such a manner that no fair-minded person could refuse him credence? What then could she do ? Eaid felt that she might not have the strength to Aght against him unless Maurice were at her side; and Maurioe had, unfortunately for her, been suddenly summoned to the North of Eng land to attend his father’s death-bed. He had left Beechfleld with many fears for Enid’s welfare; but he was of course obliged to go, and had no opportunity of declaring himself to the General as a suitor for Enid's hand before his departure. For the moment, therefore, Enid was quite alone; and, seeing the net in which she was caught—a net of fraud and trickery and lies—her heart failed her, and she felt herself helplesß indeed. She was in for more danger than she guesßed; for Mrs Vane looked upon her as a deadly enemy, and was resolved that she should never have the chance of oonflding what she knew to another person. From what Hubert bad said, the girl bad made up her mind to tell him all wlien once she was his wife. To tell Hubert was what Connie wbb resolved that Euid should never do. She should never marry Hubert or any other man; sooner than betray Connie’s secrets, Enid Vane should die. The white still woman with the brown eyes and yellow hair was ready to face the chances of detec tion—ready to take her own life, if neces sary, rather than see her plans defeated and herself disgraced. With Enid out of the way, she might not be safe; but she would be safer than she was now. She took note, however, of the warning that Parker had given her. She had been going too fast; she must be more careful in future. She must proceed by such slow de grees that Mr Ingledew himself should be deaeived. And she must change her plans also; for she found that Enid no longer touched the cooling drinks that were placed beside her every night—the girl said that Bhe did not care for them, and sent them away untouobed. Bat eurely there were plenty of other ways. Mr Evandale had said a few guarded words to Mr logledew about his treatment of Miss Vane and his remarks had c »used the sur geon to send a simple tonic mixture instead of the soothing draughts, which had formerly excited rome surprise and even indignation in the rector’s mind. He did not believe in these soothing draughts, for ho soon elicited from Mr Ingle dew that they had been made up in con formity with Mrs Vane’s views of the case rather than according to what Mr Ingledew himself thought necessary; and a word from the rector, whose medical knowledge was really considerable, caused Mr Ingledew to change his opinions very speedily. At the same time, touics, like other things, could be doctored; and, as Mr Evandale was out of the way, Euid’s welfare lay, for the time being, at Connie’s mercy. She began to suffer in the old way—from dizziness and naußea and pains for which she could not account, with an utterly inex plicable weakness and languor, different from all her former Bymptoms. Perhaps Mrs Vane had altered her treat ment. At any rate, it was certain that some mysterious factor was at work stealing the girl’e energy away from her, diminishing her vitality, bringing her, in Bhnrt, to the very gateß of death. And so insidiously did the work proceed, that even Parker, who had bad suspicions of her mistress, scarcely noticed the advance of Enid’s malady. There were no more fainting flts—nothing deflnitely alarming; but day by day the girl grew weaker; and no one noticed or guessed the reason why. Enid’s nights were restless; bnt she had not been disturbed since Conuie’s return from London by the white Agure which she had seen at her bedside, bte told herself that Maurice waß right—that her nerves had played her false, and that the appearance had been a mere phantasm of her imagina tion. She quite lost her fear of seeing it again; and, although she had held no further conversation with the rector after Mrs Vane’s arrival in the house, she was reas sured and strengthened by the remembrance of his words. When she awoke in the night-time now, she knew no fear. And yet—it was about three weeks after the beginning of Hubert Lspel’s illness—her heart gave a wild leap when Bhe opened her eyes one night and saw in her room, by the faint light of a glimmeriog taper, the ghostly Agure of a woman clothed from head to foot in white. She stood, not by the bedside, but by the mantelpiece, with something— was it a medicine phial ?—in her band. • What the visitant was doiog Eotd could not exactly see; bnt she started up; and at the movement the white woman turned and Bhnwed her face. > Enid uttered an exclamation—a sort of gasp of terror—for her worst fears were realised. The phantom which she had dreaded had come to her again in spito of Maurice’s promises of aid. Ho had forgotten to pray for her perhaps—the childish notion crossed her mind that perhapß because of his forgetfulness the ghost waß there. But was it a ghost—a phantasm of the senses, and not a living woman after all ? For the face which met the girl’s eyes was not one that she could easily mistake —it was the face of Constance Vane. 