Here and There Owing to pressure on our space we are again compeUe.1 to hold over the " nsual " Signed Article." Down South folks want to know what the Boys'-Training School Management Board are going to do about the condemnatory criticism of the school. The Board evidently believes in masterly inactivity. ... . . EL Graham, of the-Australian Eleven, has been admitted to St. "Thomas's Hospital, London, suffering-from, a ..severe -.attack Qf rheumatism. The other members of the team have started practice at JGtchani. The 40 Campbell town clec tors who thought it worth while to vote in the Legislative Council election for Mocauarie divided their votes equally betw cen Kermode and Page, so Camnbclltown cannot be said to have written a page in political history this trip. A Melbourne scribe suggests that Purves, now-in Hobart on the Mt. . Lyell case, he inveigled up to Zeehan and run through a 20 head battery with th. 1 obeet of ponnding some of the conceit out of him. - The Melbourne scribe ought to know that particular crushing wouldn't pay. There is no market lor conceit in Tasmania. A Falkland Island correspondent to a HI.L. ..paper, says that, .shepherds at the Islands ate paid about £G per month, " and it is'nothing unusual for a shenherd to have his £1000 in the bank." Somebody, perhaps the Co. that owns the biggsst share of the Islands, aiid runs about 200.000''sheep, has been pulling that correspondent's leg. We have received a publication entitled the First Thirty Tears Rise aud Progress of the'_Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society," by John Wallace Howard. The book is rpminiseencv- and: of very great interest to members and intending members of the H.AC.15.S. It containsjine portraits of Archbishop Carr, Bishop Gould. St. Patrick's Cathedral, etc. Frank Geale, the chopper, has deferred his match with Curran, -of NrS.W. in consequence of a boil-on his aim. It'.is also reported tliat he marriel last Week to Miss Rujsell, of this Kindred. '-' The match jnay, however, eventuate at a later date" says the N. IK. Post. What match? The Ghost should be more explicit in delicate matters of this sort. In the course of his examination in chief. in the Mount Lyell case, l&r;, Dixon stated that whilst in the Hon. John "Henry's -draw-: ing room, when .he paid a visit to that gentleman, he" felt lite a pig with a musket." Shortly after knaking this state ment witness talked so rapidly that even the shorthand writer conldn't follow bim. Turning to the leading counsel for the plantiff, Parves said :." Tie -a stringio that pig, Biyant." ' At Bcndigo the other day a man was found guilty of 'stealing nine' pigs from a widow. He was allowed to go on his own recognisances to come rip ,for sentence when "called upon. The same day atjNumurkali a woman who carried some loose wheat from a railway station in her apron and pleaded for leniency because she had eight hungiy children nnd S sick husband, was fined £5 and casts, in default, gaol. According to the Banking Record the insurance agents in this colony are not a happy family. Tt says:—There are no tariffs in the South end of tbe island, and in Launceston. only one, which is confined to four risks, viz., those; on wholesale softgoods warehousemen'sstocks, the lateWvisg been increased from'4b lo Cjper cent*' The resnlt of this combination is, that one of the warehousemen has introduced another fire insurance company into Launceston, and tbis company, it is - stated, has been doing business under the tariff rate. The BqaconsBeld Court of Bequests has been having -quite a long spell, and peaec wigna supreme. -Acorrespondent says that since ;ths police jEorco lii8 been reduced to. two, there are fewer petty thefts than when thers were three full-blown Bobertt on parade. Therefore, the abolition of all the policemen would further promote harmony, and the shifting ;of Hie Board of Health should make all the mines pay a whopping diy. Eh? If not, why not? the "Mount Lyell case in the Supreme Court lias its lights and shades of - humor from day. to day wliich are appreciated, if not recorded,'by those present. Thus when it was decided to appoint a shorthand writer to'take evidence the question cropped up as -to whether he should.cecord question and answer or merely give ihejproceedings in narrative form. Judge" TJodds intimated that his ^practice was Dot to pike down the questions:" '-No," saidfiyron Miller, «• that is the difference between a reporter and yourself. He ifi a machine: your Honor is' not.-" - lie-printed report of. Mm^ourth annual convention oj the -]g£.G.1£j0ypf Tasmania is acknowledged. It rontains the rules of the Union, the minutes of the Hobart meeting, the reports of the various branches 1 of W.C.T.U. work, and the balance-sheet. In the report of work among the Chinese, the following pathetically significant paragraph is noticed:—"It is very uphill work, for when yon think yon have quite made them understand some question may be asked by them which makes you feel that all your work has been to no purpose. 1 ' Deloraine has had the straight griffin from a peripatetic philosopher who was lately fined £1 for insulting language. He wrote the Council asking for a refund of the fine, and made uncomplimentary remarks concerning one of the magistrates. He also mentioned,-' in a nasty spiteful jway. that he] thought it highly undesirable to import to Tasmania those peculiar goings on of the Melbourne magistrates or words to that effect. The Council naturally c'imbed up on its dignity, and from that towering eminence glared coldly down on the disrespectful missive, Bind refused to Teceive it. Also, tbe fine; was not refunded! " -...-.. . , Olive Schreiner, tbe gifted authoress of • The Story of an African l''arm " writes to the Fortnightly that the great event in the d evelopment of the Boer was tbe ln.ndii^ 168S of some 200 French Protestant m efugees. • The Huguenot was a religious xile who regarded his African home as a and of 'promise and an object of absorbing D eligions veneration. This personal affection for South Africa has descended to the modern Boer, who believes no other claim can probably conflict with his right to the country. In dealing with South African problems the most far-seeing politicans have completely failed to grasp this attitude of the Boer towards his well loved land. Down Kingston way road contractors are no honester than they ought to be and the inspectors don't happen along as regularly or as unexpectedly as they might.. Fresh contracts have just been undertaken- to re-make a road, and rocks a foot in diameter are being unearthed and broken'to the size they should have been before but weren't. It appears that the former contractors. made the road alright but forgot to pulverise the stone. They just slung in the boulders and filled up the hollows with blinding. Presumably the present contractors are being carefully looked after, but that Boad Trust ought to give day-work a trial. We gather from a lengthy report of e Campbelltown road trust meeting (too long for extended publication), that Mr John: Taylor was elected chairman, against his will; that war is to be forthwith declared on tbe bonny brier bush, except in one street where the traffic is small and the bushes ar» wanted as a shelter for the village cows during the winter; a gate on the Woodfordroad was refused; returning officers were paid; contractor Allison £ot an extension "of -time ; mad it^pector {loss was wiped off the service; Mr Finlay was appointed treasurer at £20 per annum; fourpenny rate was struck, and then the -trust went home to eujay a well-earned rest. , \ r -. 