Prize Stories. My Ghoi t. (BY A I'IONEKR.) Did you ever sec a ghost js a question often eagerly asked one ? I have, and I'll narrate to the gentle reader how I saw mine, and let him judge for himself whether I was justified in being scared or n <>t- Christinas time was on hand, and I had been invited by my friends the Simpsons, of Avonvalc—neighbouring graziers of ours—to go over on Christmas Eve. When 1 state that Ella Simpson was a beautiful young gjr]( who completely filled the views I held of an ideal, it will be easily understood how eagerly I accepted the invitation. The track was the usual country one, and the distance I had to go 15 miles. The only obstacle to negotiate en route was the King Gum Creek—an immense eucalyptus known as the King (Jam grew at the fording place—hence the name. This tree could be seen for a long way owing to its immense size and singular straightness of barrel, running up perfectly straight for about 100 ft. without a limb, then three large branches diverged, forming an inverted tripod, surmounted by a beautiful feathery top. The blacks from time immemorial had always held their rites and corroberees near the foot of the King Gum, and viewed it with superstitious awe, why, was not known to the whites for many years. I was, however, defined to find this out. All unconscious of the fright I was to get on my return, I carelessly wended my way past the old monarch of the forest, forded the creek, and on the wings of love urged my horse Salesman towards Avonvale. On arrival I received a warm welcome from my friends and their guests, and after turning my horse into the paddock joined the company. After tea all adjourned to the bis; room, where one and all entered into the spirit of the proceedings with that rest, which only well-acquainted country people show at similar meetings. In the intervals of dancing many a good ghost story and many a good yarn was told, the girls shrinking with liorror at one stage of a yarn, and at another part almost suffocated with mirth. I contributed a tale of how the disembodied spirit of one ill-used person re- visited the earthly scene of his torments, and had the satisfaction of seeing the younger portion of my audience rspiuly drifting into a iudicrous state of terror, but on an appeal from Eila, I brought it to a close by showing that the ghost was traced to be due to natural causes. After listening to a weird tale of the blacks, narrated by an old hand, we retired aft- r a happy evening. Christm.is day dawned in due course, and, after the usual dinner and a stolen half hour's happiness with Ella, I mounted my horse, and left for home late in the afternoon. After journeying several miles my steed fell dead lame, and as it could not go on, and the sun was nearly down, I planted the saddle and bridle and let him go, resolving to get home on foot. The night fell beautifully clear, and the stillness of the bush could be felt, and somehow caused one to begin to think of all the ghost stories I had ever heard. Gradually a most uncanny feeling took possession of me. Why ? I tried in vain to explain, I couldn't shake it off, and was nearly turning back to Avonvale, but steeling myself, however, I pushed on. The impression that I was in the midst of something uncanny, grew apace, however, and was at its height as I descended the creek to step along the log over the little stream ; steadily mounting the opposite bank the thought flashed on me what about the " King Gum," is it really haunted ? What I saw I can never describe. As I looked at the tree and saw—about 50 ft. up the trunk—a ghostly pa'e blue light which faintly fluttered and then died away. I gasped for breath and nearly fell down; it seemed to be an answer to my thought; the hair fairly rose on my head ; my eyes started from their sockets, and a cold sweat broke out all over me. While I was trying to determine whether my eyes had played me a trick, a gigantic apparition—some hundred yards dis tant — suddenly flashed on my astonished gaze, with an awful yell, turned tail and incontinently fled, splashing through the creek and up the other side. However, after calming down a bit, I decided to find out the cause of the appearance, come what would, and this time I got over the creek alright, nothing appearing. I even cautiously walked up to the King Gum, and stood by its tremendous butt, my courage steadily mounting all the time. A mopoke's mournful tones at this stage did not seem to me the most cheerful sound on earth, and I sincerely wished myself somewhere else. After looking up the tree, and forcing myself to walk round its base, I resolved to go on in the direction where I had seen the other apparition. I kept cautiously on for about 50 yards, and, mounting a blackfellow's oven, paused a moment to have a look ahead. The knowledge that many an aboriginal skeleton was crumbling to dust under where I stood, and the infernal mopoke's call sounding again, quite unnerved me - when suddenly, and without the slightest sound or warning, a headless spectre—fully 12 ft. high, with two lagged arms— flushed on my horrified gaze, and looked, looked, is not the word to express the intense strain of my vision, I have wondered since how I lived 3rhfbngh that awful moment, what saved me, perhaps, was the sudden disappearance of the dreaded thing. At this peiiod I evidently fainted, as I found myself lying at full length on the oven, with a cold feeling all over me; the mopoke still calling seemed to me to be the voice of some infernal fiend. Staggering to my feet, I wandered off towards the creek, but on looking—with strange fascination— at the giant tree, there was the light once more, a faintly glimmering phosphorescent arc high overhead,that woke me up and I collapsed, becoming for the time a gibbering idiot, totally incapable of volition, and only two things in the world seeming to have any interest for me. I have a faint recollection that I sat on the ground eagerly watching for the appearance of "either phantom, sometimes both appeared at the same time the cursed bird seeming to punctuate the intervals between. Will I ever forget that night ? I left Avonvale, a youth in the full spring of manhood, and those few hours turned my hair grey, and put ten years on my life. I must have simply become unconscious eventually as I remember no more until I awoke at Avonvale with Ella in attendance. Gradually, I learned the truth—my horse had wandered back, and several guests had gone in search of me, fearing some accident. They found me at the foot of the giant gum, frantically trying to climb it to obtain my head. On taking me to Simpson's they had learnt enough from my delirious mutterings, to decide them to make an investigation of the tree, etc. What they found was §,imp'e enough in the "ight of day, but Very few people would, I think, escape being seriously scared ander the circumstances in which I saw the seeming phantoms. The following is an exact description of what my friends found : — In the first place, the huge phantom was nothing more than a large dead stump with two short limbs. The cause of its sudden appearance, in the guise of a phantom being due to a hollow log smouldering between it and myself. A imb hole in the log was found to have been emitting a small jet of flame at intervals, the slight smoke rising from the smouldering fire materially assisting lending a hazy appearance to the whole. The light on the tree was definitely proved to be a phosphorescent ungus which at certain times emitted thelight Isaw. Why the King Gum was held in such awe by the natives, was owing to the fact that the remains of one of their Kings reposed in the basin formed by the three branches. A friend of mine was hauled up and described the complete skeleton of a man lying in a basin of green water. He brought down the skull of the dead monarch and a stone tomahawk, which is at present in my possession. How the body was got there, remains a mystery. That it is there to this day is a fact. Many years have passed since my terrors of that night, and Ella—now my wife—to this day, never alludes to it. We occasionally pass the place, bitf-,I never do so without a shudder. 