mr LOVE. Thy love to me is » holy thine, A sacred solemn trust; Refreshing as a desert «pring. Reanimating, comforting A Joy to whioh my heart must cling; Till mingled with the dust; Thy IOVP to me ls a holy thing, A sacred, solemn trust Thy love to me is a beacon bright, A never setting star, A hearan-i^ecdng stream of light That guides me onward throughl thetrigfat, And leads me upward to the height. Where peace and gladness are, Thy love's tomen beacon bright, A never setting star. Thy love to me is a silken coll That binda me to al I Rood, , A haven In the ceaseless broil, A strength that steels my arms to toll And in thy sweet approving smile Hy spirit finds Its food : Thy love to me's a silken coH That binds me to all ¿ood. i Thy love to me is far more dear, Than aught beneath the Bun, And having thee I do not fear The whole wide world's reproach or sneer, They om but bind me still more near, To thee, my dearest one : Thy love to me is far more dear. Than aught beneath the sun. L. H. H., Qeorge-street Ko manor how coally a man's experiecne has boon, he ia generally willing that other people should have the benefit of it gratis. In the House of Commons the other evening a new member alluded to the council of his own town ss "my own corporation." Doctor : "If you hind salt pork on your face it will cure toothache." Patient: "But, dootor, won't it give me pork chops ?" A waiter says that people are unreasonable. They expect too much from him. If they had firoper consideration they would not all rush n to dinner at the busiest hour of tho day. Irish policeman (who had never seen a High- lander before) : "Mop, ye spalpeen 1 Where's your trousers?" Soot: "Troosere, mani I hae'na ony." Policeman : " Well, nivver a blissed step ye Uk till ye go home and get a pair. Do ye think ye're at home in Africa, ye haythen. " There are some persons who cannot take a joke, but Snlggins is not one of them. A "friend" aquaiuted with Sniggins's frequent changes of abode, asked him which he thought was the cheaper-to move or to pay rent." "I can't tell you, my dear boy," replied Snigglns, "I have always moved. "Mike said thc Inspector-Superintendent " there is a dead dog reported in blankstreet I want you to look after its disposion." An hour later the intelligent Sub-Inspector telephoned : " I had inquired about the dog, and find that he bud a very savage dis- position. A certain husband never allows an oppor- tunity to slip without extolling to the Bleies the 1 excellent qualities of his better half. ** My wife," he was heard to remark the other I day; " is BO kind, so indulgent towards every- body, that even when speaking ill of other people she does not believe a word of it her- self. ' A cause that need* to ba uphold by Blander ia in a bad «ray. The country newspaper remarks that the man who takes a dog out shooting with him cannot help feeling ¿rad sometimes, when he comes home, that the beast is dumb. Charleton Oates : " Are your realty so hard upt" Tramp: "Hard upi Why, sir, if suits of clothes Was Sellin' at a penny a-piece, I wouldn't have enough to buy the arm-hole of a vest. " "No," said Cholly, "I will never consent to having twadeepeopte in the club." " Why not T" inquired a fellow-inember. " Because I have twouble erfough tc avoid meeting my cweditors as it is." " Talk about a man breaking his heart," said an old lady. "Well, perhaps he does ; but its like a lobster breaking one of its claws -another sprouts out nt onoe and grows in its place. " Fat's leap-year Question.-At a festive gathering on February 29th a true son of Erin asked : "Has it occured to any of ye that it will be eight solid years before we again see this day twelve months T" Scene a board school. -Teacher: "The American Iudians called thc women squaws Now cou anyone tell mo what they call their children Î" Small boy : " Yes, mum. I suppose they call then squallers." Mistress: "Anna; whatever bas become of all your pretty corie7" Maid : " You see, ma'am, the regiment has now left our town, and so I have had to give a lock of my hair to several of my acquaintances." A : " Spouter is a pretty able debater, isn't bu?" B: "I should say so. Why, he can call an opponent a lair and a scoundrel in fifteen different ways without violating thc rules of order." Neighbour's Boy (looking through the fence) : " My fubher'e a heap bigger man than yourn 1" New Boy fin cold disdain) : " That ain't nolhin. When my father Bnores you can hear him half u mile I Young Master (arriving home late, en- counters the housemaid retnrnini; from her " day out ") : " Why, Jane, this is a nice lime of night to come home !" Jane : " Yes, sir. What would missus say to us if she knew!" At the Masquerade.-" From this time on I shall believe in ghosts," raiil Lottie. " Why so ?". Yon know thst ' widower' who hos been devoting himself to me all the evening ? Well, his dead wife appeared just now and took him home." 