WOLFIi'S SCHNAPPS Tnducis a healthful secretion of the gastric juice, a chief agent in the pro cess of tho transmutation of food in to blood. The Steadier Aiiamac's Es I'EiiiENCK.—Tho A.U.tj.N. Company's stenmtr Araaiac, which had such a perilous timo in the recent gale at Townsrillo, arrived safely in Sydney last evening. While the vessel was at i Cairns, where she lay twelve hours, it | rained terrifically, and there wasi almost a hurricane all the time.: At Townsville they lay foi '■ wenty four hours with two anchors 0 - <vn, but no one dared to cotne out to them, aud finally tfaey had to send a'boat ashore with the mails, and neither mails nor passengers came out. The town was. (iroBtrated. It was while lying there that the passengers made a preserva tion to Captain Armstrong in recognition of the manner in which he had acted during the storm. There were 12G passengers aboard during the trouble, but oaly two or three of theBe came as tar as (Sydney. Captain Armstrong says the ship did not make a drop of water coining down the coast, despite her terrible experiences. The behavior of the ladies on board is spoken of very highly, and of the two stewardesses the officers and passengers say there could not! be two pluckier women afloat. I They stood calmly by the lady passengers, having tbem nil in j readiness for what might happen, and 1 keeping them all cool and colleoted. 1 Kibe at Passes/—Early on Tues day morning a fire broke out in the' Australian Hotel, ParkeB. There was a light wind, and the flames quickly spread to the Commercial Hotel and to four business places, which were destroyed. . Howard's store was only saved by strenuous exertions. The bulk of the damage was done before : even a small supply of water could be obtained from the mains. The loss, which is considerable, is partly oovered by insurance. Tub Mobee Abtebian Boiie.—In these timeB anything concerning a supply of water must necessarily prove of interest, and we (Morce Newt) are glad to hear that the Dobikin bore is likely to*be as great a success as the others which have been put down in this district. The calyx drill is doing good work, having gone through 150 feot last night. It is worked by an expert from Victoria, and when he becomes acquainted with the work, and the men get accustomed to the oew drill, Mr. M'Cray hopes to see the sinking progress at the rate of 200 feot a week. The bore is now down 5001t., and is bringing up solid coal 5in. thick. A flow of water will pro bably be etruok in a week or two. Ghand All-N inONs' Fam.—Atten tion is drawn to an advertisement in our columns of this unique and in teresting event. The Fair will be opened on Wednesday evening, 19th February, at 8 p.m., by the Mayor, Mr. C. G. Wilson. The stalls will represent the houeee and. halls of various nationalities, the ladies end gentlemen in attendance being in the distinctive garb of tbe nations to whioh their stalls belong. Even old Greece will be remembered, and the famous oraole of DelphoB, the wonder of the ancients, will be represented. Here thoBe who desire to consult tbe oraole may do so, and have a glimpBe into the darkness of the unknown. AIbo that world-wide wonder so long associated with the Polytenchnic, London, will be on exhibition, namely, Pepper's Ghost—startling, weird, amusing, and instruolive. A grand and unique museum of curios from many lands will also be found in one of the rooms. This is no1 basssar have, but a real mueeum, the objeots in whioh ore the results of muoh and many years' reseoroh and collection. Punch and Judy, of historio fame, will aUo appear on the boarde, and appeal to pablio favour.: Scientific experiments of a novel character will be Bet forth. Astro-i nomy made easy by the wonderful telescope will be .worth a visit, nor must the highly magnifying powers of the inicroBOope be overlooked, A special feature will be Fairyland, presided over by Queen Titania and her attendant Faye, Everyone • will find something to amuse, instruct, and delight; patrons of art and science, lovers of travel, history, and the like, may here revel at their ease, while articles of beauty and souvenirs of vertu will be on sale. The Camera Obeeura will be a novelty; Each might the Natione will much in amioable and peaceful procession. The Intebooeontai. Militabt Confebence.—The proceedings of the Intercolonial Military ■ Committee, which has been eitting at the Colonial Secretary's office for eome days past, were brought to a conclusion on "Wednesday afternoon. Major General Hutton occupied the chair. During the afternoon the conference drafted ito report, which deals ex haustively with the various matters contained in the agenda papers submitted by the New South Wales Government and the Governments of the other Australian colonies. The items touched upon in the report for the most part form a supplement to the Australian federal scheme of defence drafted by the military com mittee in October, 1894, and include provisions for a federal defence agreement upon the lines recom mended by the last military conference. A sub-committee was appointed to deal with a number of minor details. Sir Charles flolled Smitb, Oommandant of the Victorian forces, left for Melbourne by the Southern express on Wednesday even ing. Cbie-Cliia Tea Is setting freely in Kew South Wales. All lovere of good Tea should be ante to try it. Value is undoubtedly g-ren, independent of the free accident policy which is enclosed ia each tin'and, packei.»_ Mb. J as. 1kgMe and im Uobpital. —80 far there is no word from the Hospital Committee as to whether it b intended to accept this popular and talented gentleman's offer to give a lecture on behalf of the funds while visiting Armidale, hb he contemplates doing shortly. We leorn that there has been no meeting of the Committee this week, and probably that is the reason. The School of Arts Council haB a warm side and a watchful eye for popular Jecturers, and if the Hos pital Committee . delays too long there may be an invitation to Mr. lnglis from another quarter. It is, however, more than probable that Mr. Inglis'e services on behalf of the hospital, will be eagerly bespoken as soon ss the Committee shall meet. Ladies' Belief Soc'iett. — The usual monthly meeting of the Axmidale Ladies' Relief Society was held at the Town Hall ou Tuesday, January 4th, when there were present: Miss Perrott-Turner, Vice-President (in the chair), Meedamea Craigie, Siloock, lilies, senr., ^Alieter, tl'Lean, Dean, Knapton, CroeBman, Burrell, Don nelly, and the Secretary. The Treasurer .reported moner-in Bank, £29 2e 6d j- oaBh in hand, £1 10a Od. Accounts to the amount of £20 8s were passed for payment. The Visit ing Committee reported allotting relief in 14 local caeos and 10 casual. The Dpro&a; meeting, held -in St. Peter's Schoolroom the;laet Friday of the month, was fairly attended. The Committee would be grateful for cast off clothing and material for making np. The'following ladies were ap pointed as Visiting Commiteee . for the month : Meedames Knapton and Silcook, West End, ' Mesdamee Craigie and Donnelly, East End. 