BOEDER S GRAFS. BY DICK THE RAMBLER.. It ia not an ingredient of my nature as a publio writer to attempt lengthy descriptive discourses. I am not a descriptive writer by any means, and were I to attempt suoh a thing would come to grief as sure aa water quenches thirat. I shall therefore confine my self to the recital of a few inoidents that may prove of some interest to the readers of yonr valuable journal. Messrs. Maolntyre Bros., who have resided in the Wilderness neighbourhood for a vast number of years, report having sold the whole of their valuable properly to Messrs. Eldor, Smith, & Co., at a satisfactory figure. Saith a rustic Border farmer " I don't care a straw how big or how small my old dranght 'Neddie' is, I always rides him when drawing in timber to top the old brush fenoe with beoausa it saves time, and you can jump down when you feel inclined." Laziness is a prominent characteristic of the rising gener ation. Messrs. Jake Stone & Co., the far-famed bird specialists, report having shot on Thurs day last no less than 88 docks, 39 geese, 13 plover*, 6 swans, 8 pelicans, and 71 quail. Mr. John Taylor, of Kaladbro, disposed of a beautiful line of BD wethers the other day to a Oasterton buyer at a fair price. Gossip has it that a well known western diBtriot celebrity, who goes by the cognomen of Simmons, is about to speculate in a Highland Buit and velocipede to match. One of our leading Highland pipers tells me that when he feeU inclined for a pick-me-up he finds there is nothing beats a good Bwig of whisky, which is not only reckoned healthy, bat pleasant into the bargain. The Salvation Army swear that we have no right to drink anything stronger than water, but when a man, whom we look up to as a leader of society likes " A wee drap o' whisky," why shouldn't we follow suit. A smart distriot " Thing ? me - bob " has invented a simple weather guide, whiob can be adapted equally as well by the city toff as by the resident of the bush, and it costs nil. It is a process of judging by signs or colors. There is not the Blighteat danger of rain whilst the guide remains a beautiful blue colour, but directly it becomes white grey, then black, the ohancea are 50 to 1 that rain will fall before long. The blacker the hue after turning white the better the proBpeot. This reliable weather guide has been christened "The sky." An exceptionally heavy downpour of raifi took plaae m the Munbannar distriot sot very long since, in faot it would ba next door to impossible for any who had not seen it to conceive the vast Bmount ofaurfaoe water that lay strewn about in every direc'lon. Between Mr. Alex MacOorquiadale'a well known station and the Gleoelir river there was nothing tn hn Been, as far as the eyo could reach, bat water, with tree tops and the ridgepoleB of submerged houses to relieve the monotony, The writer, acoompanied by four or fivn pals, rowed over the watery waste on Sunday last. In places we tonohed several low hill>topa as we moved along, and it took all the Scotch navigation we were posseted of to keep olear of danger. Bat the greatest danger of all we had to avoid was the thousands of floating vermin. The follow* ing is a fair sampler-Snakes, guanos, jew ligards, frogs, centipedes, water rats, scorpions, spiders, and frequently enough, dead sheep, horEBB, and cattle. We were jogging along beautifully when one of the orew hollered out, " Look out behind, there is a big tiger snake trying to embark but with a few spasmodic welts of a bell-toper he wqs kept oat, and sooa gave up the ghost owing to spontaneous com trostion. But iniide the short apace of anoth** 100 yards no fewer than SO mor» ~ signified their intention of boar*1- anakea evidently mistook u* *- _lUg U8> They unfortuaatelv»- ,or Noah's ark, but we 4" _ jur passenger list was full. Aa j.-^ed along we passed an enterprising individual who had carved a oanoe out of the trunk ot a tree with which to ferry people about. We had 14 passengers on board Daoked like a aatdiue tin; he was stack up in the branches of a tall red gam tree, and we left him carving his way out with an axe, with a look on.his faoe that would have frightened the Adelaide express. Onr journey ocoupied altogether four hours, which, if it were dis agreeable enough to travel, m&y; bo interesting to read about. I understand that Mr. Roasfg&rra;, the well* known Government ofScer on thin aida of the Border* is to be married next week to a well* to-do Digby lass. Speaking of the fair sex ;aroiads me that tberecas bega great weepies and wailing amongst the old women because reseat!; g lady en rauis fss Gambier, journeyed along the Casterton road. Nearly all tbe canny old mothera plantedtheir daughters till th« ><u--rid thing in knicker bookers was out of sight. 