FEWS FROII A FRENCH POIFT OF TIEW. rfuev ors Correspondkkt.] Paris, 11th Jnly. Over-hest is worse than over-pressura for , the brain, because when the thermometer is ( in the nineties it is impossible to eat, sleep, , back-bite, or study. Mortals must, like snipe, then lire on suction. 2\o study, hence no mental fsti^ne. It is just now thsfc ail the big gooseberries in she French lvce'jms and commercial schools are drinking deep in those Pierian springs—their class Tjooks—preparatory to examination of out turns for the scholastic year. Ali that is trying, snd the young ides has to shoot under double hothouse forcing. But a fresh infliction awaits the embryonic notorieties of the future. On examination day they have to listen, and unfortunately their friends and relatives also, to torrents of professional and ofacial oratory—a combination of good wishes, pitc-rrf.il benedictions, profession,-.1 fads and eulogies ou the development of M&hatrasism; in general. That is the draw back, the " slump" of all these annual educa tional tournaments, where none of the com petitors are mortally wounded, while the invited suffer from the spent missiles and Black Hole of Calcutta milieu. The Latin a-3 weird sis'ers ; even Spain will not :ommit alliance with France : unHke Italv, she keeps her heart free, waiting for the Portuguese lover to propose that rcar rlare d; inclination—the unity of Iberia. France could offer Spain no "dot;" she would not help by sending a red panUloon to defend Cuba from the bi or the mono metall;3ts of the United States, still less to detr dish G'br«.!t«.r, and so make it unin habitable for the British. Respecting Moreen, France there, like Spain, has an axe to erind ; so have Italy and Germany. England has pegged off in advance Tangiers as The site for her tent. Why Spain claims to have providential rights on Morocco "no fellow can understand." It is about as valuable s claim &s; Emile de Girardin set up for the Rhine boundaries of France, that he asserted were created for her by Providence. Egoistical man presses the Creator to his political needs. In pride our error lies. " Men would be angels, angels would be sods.'"' The English are viewed as "slowing down" in Egypt till they have well faced the Matabsle and Mr.shrna music. The latter may endure longer than ordinary: but it is an old score with the English, for the tuce has been often played in other parts of the world also. In Chartered Land the natives were rather hastily viewed as a " negligeab'e quantite." It will have one good result, that of well guarding a territory when it is conquered. The darkie, like the white man, understands the philosophy of blood being thicker than water. "Friendliea" will never be more friendly than when they are made to feel they are being well watched — a potent agency, "Pat" maintained, to compel fellow creatures to be honest. The lesson of Rhodesia will not be lost on Sirdar Kitchener, that great railway constructor, on the riifht raetals to Omdurman, where some Idahai, under the form of a witch king, resides. If caught by the Sirdar, the Egyptian Museum must be the national home for the medicine man of the der vishes. The effects of the great, heat wave are telling on the deputies ; they had already suffered by a pl-*tbnra of budgets, and now taxation proposals are a!: tix.? and sevens. Iso party in the Parliament has a working majority, so only the provisional is perma nent. However, the Meline Cabinet ought to be allowed the average spin of life of a French Ministry—six months. Ic Is no j.-ike having to find 3,387 franc millions tc csrry on thft national housekeeping. There are, unfortunately, too many cooks, and such, says a proverb, spoil the broth. Madagascar continues still to be in the Mahomet's eoffiu situation. The 9p.nexp.ti0n of the island is not popular ; it is a danger, as well as a chain ball, and how it can be developed without money or c-jlonista even a German rich in inner consciousneis cannot solve. The '• entente cordiale " between Portugal and Great Britain, with th.= htte>\ rever sionary right to purchase Delagna Bay; the opening up by locomotives those up-to-date battering rams ot British, Oriental and Central Africa, will throw Madagascar into the shade. France ejected a heavy compen sation from England for quitting Zanzibar, where at best she had only Academic interests : it is only human nature to expect that England would drive a hard bargain for the sale of her commercial treaty pri vileges with the Hovis, to say nothing of the stereotyped " prodding" diplomacy ever given to British Egypt. In tha case of Crete, the P.irte has been very lucky to have secured the unanimous advico of the six Powers—the physicians in ordinary to the Ottoman Empire—to try another plaster on the wooden leg. It is not a heal all, but a temporary save all. In Clubland there is r.o second opinion that Turkey must Jecunp from Europe. The situation of Crete has unexpectedly revealed one good point in the sins of omission and commission of the "shadow." The revenue of the Me does uot go to the saving's box of the Yildiz Kiosk ; one moiety is devoted to meet administrative expenses, and the other to the material development, of the country. Cyprus is only held by England till Russia evacuates Batons and Kars, which, of course, she will never do ; bur. thut closes her mouth, if ever a fit of virtue should seize her to tssisn France in demand ing the foreign evacuation of Egypt and Tunisia. Cyprus sends £93,000 annual tribute to the Porte ; not a piastre must be deducted to combat locust plagues. In the case of Egypt, the tribute-bleeding is nearly £696,000 a year. If that money was directed into its nataral channel—expended on the country—what railways Lord Cromer could construct, what canals &nd; irrigating works he could undertake, and 'so infuse confidence into French bondholders, who have qualms about the old stocking of the lady of Thread needle-s'reet. The"* American-Anglos celebrated the Fourth of J illy in the old style, the warmest welcome for conquered friends, and congra tulations from the latter on account of being whipped in 1782. The French also forget the marching orders the Americans gave them to clear out of Mexico. The English and French showed that they were neither occu pied with the study of revenge nor immortal hate ; all that has been in the bosom of the deep ocean buried. Even making every allowauce for the annual opening of the tap, there is too much "orating" on thessocca sions ; it interferes "with the work of diges tion, the flow of soul between guests. Aud horror of horrors! imagine a discourse on bi-metallism, on sound money, on the making of 50 cents of pure silver do duty for 100 iu payment of bills ! Everyme being on their mettle cheered all metaHists, whether single or double. I have witnessed larger gather ings and more girls. The latter are said to alight in London, after crossing the herring pool. The Bois has terrible rivals in Rotten Row and Battersea Park, the Elysee cinnofc compete with Buckingham Palace and Marl borough Hous3, aud tho "upt>er suckles" of . Paris do not now open their doors to foreigner?, no matter how intelligent. The Academy of Medicine is on the eve of dealing with an important subject—the abolition of licenses for prostitution. The faculty avows that for some years opinion on this delicate question has profoundly changed. It will examine the question neither on religious, mori!, nor philosophical grounds, but solely on those of hygiene. The official control of prostitution has not sifc-guarded public health, and in leading to the belief that it does so great evil had j been caused. It will be a big debate, as tha ablest physicians will take part; and it" after the exhaustive discussion a resolution be v.-^or[ danger, a deception, and an inutility, the I<T">l-!^ors will fipd ft Hiffi-wlt- t-o t-rl the pronouncement. In France there does not appear to be any sect or society arrayed against the reform. In every 'ou.«a etihe in Paris there is % register, where irate travelers can record on the moment any complaint they have to make against the "fnciak. One gen leru.-m forgot himself in his contributions to this gro-rJer's book, and indulged in rt-fl -ctioiss on the character of an inspector. The n-is congcr felt rclicrsd after the scribble : ncxt day, as he was sitting down to dejeuner, the servant announced ?. man desirtd to have one minute's personal talk with him ; it a bailiff, who .served him with a- writ for defamation of character of a ?buss inspector. Damages to be fixed by the jury and j-idge. I Since gambling on racecourses is a : (I ivernment institution, the shipv,-reeks of char-icter never wvre wore nuineroi].-. Employes appear to regard trying their luck at the totalizer with their ns»'ster«' cash a* tho most natural of actions. One pay clerk * indulged in picking and stealing till he hid defrauded 4.000 francs; when the deficit »\v discovered he was arrested, and his defence was worthy of the philanthropic days btfor^ the fall of man : he had been merely saving up that sum as * gift intended for his master in his old days. Another man -was cashier in a soft goods establishment for 25 ve£>rs, his employer v.umuu his integrity as synonymous with virtue itself. During one of the late thunderstorm days the mssrer was in "he cashiers office : the employe wished him away as he was in a hurry to balance his accounts. '• I'll assist you,'' said the master. "Be it so, only let it be in another hour hence, as I have to re ceive payment of a bill, and we will take up the accounts on my return.'"' The hour and many hours expired, but no cashier turned up. The proprietor was for having the Seine dragged to discover the body of his—as he concluded—assassinated clerk. "First call in an expert, and have his b~oks examined," said the police, inspector Complied with : result, for 25 years the good and faithful servant had defrauded the house at the rate of 30,000 francs a year. The show of the plans for the cwo new palaces to be erected ou the projected avenue that will supersede the Palace of Industry, a part of the 1900 Exhibition, displays not'tho ghost of originality, and leans more to the toy side of architecture. Jouneau, the assassin, just executed at Angers, was truly penitent ; to show his sorrow for his crime he did not walk but ran to the guillotine, and must have been relieved at the idea of being decapitated. A very unnsual honor was paid the remains, that of t!o chaplain placing a cross on the grave. Aj'->urnal apologises for placing the "Deaths" under the rubric of "Race Fixtures.'1 