registry offices again. 0 A" Editor of "The Herald." . oir.-ino mean and contemptible trickery, added to lies nnd falsehood, practised by certain labor agencies upon working men and domer,tic ser vants, and exposed by your correspon dent, "Mater," in your Issue of last evening, is my excuse for asking your favor on this occasion. Tho extortio nate fees cited by "Mater" are not quite to bad as fees I was asked to pay by Komo labor agents, three weeks ago. In response to an advertisement for a mar ried couple, I went to a certain regis try office. As I answered the questions put to mo to tho satisfaction of the labor agent, tho principal ono beJug whether I had "enough money to pay him his fee," and also satisfying him ns to the size of my muscles— married couples— particularly the woman— are expected by labor agents and some em ployers to possess an enormous amount of muscle— I was told I wan suitable, that the wages were twenty shillings per week, thut Is, ten shlltings per week each, and that the vacancy was out on the King River. I was also told by this labor agent that I would have to pay him a registry otnce fee of LI Cs for the situation! Thus It will be seen that the fee demanded by this labor agent was five shillings more than the whole of our fijst week's wages. A few days subsequent to the above, I applied for nn advertised billet at another agency. I wiw asked for a deposit, which 1 stumped up. nnd was given the following address:— "Miss — On presenting myself at tho address given, 1 was told by this Indy "that she did not want servants," but that her sister kept a registry office in Bendigo, and thnt she would send up my references If I gave them, and get me a billet nt her office. I replied that lt was too severe to make mo pay in two registry offices for the same situation, and declined her offer. It will be seen that married couples, although they re ceive far less wages, have to pay double the registry office fee charged to single servants, and do not stund the ghost of a show while in the hands of those people, who conduct the present regis try office under the guise of labor agen cies. Some labor offices, as at present run, I consider lo be the greatest scourge that God ever sent on earth to, plague mnnklnd, whether he be master or servanL— I am, etc., 1st April. 1896. UBIQUE. 