A Wild Ride. What you say is quite true, sir, that a man oughtn't to be frightened at anything; but do you know, I've got to thrink that the bravest man of all is the one that Is frightened and don't show it. You see there ain't many men that are what you'd call "brave all round." I've seen a fellow that would have run any man through as soon as hh looked at him, almost Jump out of his skin when he trod upon a little bht of a rsnake. There's myself, for instance. I'm a soldier, and an old one, too. I've got the Kand,-baar medal, as you see, and one or two other things .as well; and I think I may say, without bragging, that I'm not more given to be scared than dther folks. Well, I myself once got as had a fright I as ever any man got yet, and whai's more. it happened not ten miles from where we'ro standing now, and not more'n six months ago. How was .that? says you. Well, that's just w'hat I'm a-going to tell you. Our old colonel-I won't speak ill of this poor old chap, for he died only t'other day -but he was one that you'd got to be Iprecious careful with, I can tell you. Wi:hat over he had to do, he'd havel it done hits o\wn way, or he'd send everything flying, and, like a good many officers who'veo beenl a long time out 'heve,, he'd got so lused to ordering the black fellows about, that at last he got to do it with all that came near him. black or white. Col. Hedley his name was, but, from his slop dalsh way, we used to call hiim "Col. Head lung." \\\'ell, sir, you've been up the Bolan Pass, so of course you know that little branch line 'that they're making from Sili to Phir Chowki, at the mnouth of the paDs, to helpl calrry stores and troops up and down. Y'es, 1o be' sure, I remember, you were saying that you'd been at the oponing of a blidge on it just the other davy. Well, before that bridge was built, there \wa.s a sort of Ilnlale-shift across t?te- chanLnliel of the river; and as for the line itself, though it wasn't regularly "opelned"' (and isn't yet, for thalt matter) it could car.ry a train at a pinch, all the eighteen miles whene\'er there were a few wagon-losads of sloles thlt wanted to be Sant allong inll a hu inry. Nowu it happenedl by bad luck that when we caune dolwn from Quetih four months ago, with the old colonel at our head, the engine-dsiver on this Pir Chowki line was a Freilohmanla whose name was Peter Tronchet. HIe wias quite as high-handed a fellow in his way as our colonel himself, and w\henl le did get in a tanlltrlun, cart rc,·ods would't holid himl. They said he'd h.sL his last berth all along of wanltini to. fight a dulc with the supllerintendelIt ; but I hl11'1t Illow\ how\ that w\ould hlave been, tlloullgh it's just the solrt of ithing 1w- wiiould do. tono. \\\'e!l. of coursec, we all knew, thoughi \we little dreanled 1what \was to come of it, that \Iho: 'wo tUllch Illelpery cunes as t'he colonel anlld?l t!.5 Frienchman mIet there was bound o ble a pretty good row, and so it tulrnlled out, sure enoulgh. When we got down to tile lrailway at Pir Chowkli, where a special It''ii was waitinllg to talke us on to Stbi, tha old colonel was as clioss as two sticks. Ile'd hadl a good, sharp twillnge of goutl., for one thing, and riding over that great plain from tho mouth of the Pass to 'ii Cl.owkli didn't sweeten his trlmpcer mucel, slplashiing t'hlrough rivers, alnd stumnbliilg amnlon big s~tones every minlute, Tl'hel, again, tile enginie-dlriverl had bee:n out ill tlho sun all morning, and you knolW ho0 anapp!)l)i that makes a ian ]lere. So, willen Col. H-ledley came holloring and bull''l.llng along aid commlnceed to rough him up, the Flrenechnlla faced about and alswereld llh~iln back qclhl.e saucily. You should just have seen the old co:onel's face. It turlned as ried as his coat, aild for uminuite I a5i:mcst thoiught he'd go into a fit. TPhen he jumlpel for\ard, andl shook his fist ii thle Frelchmlani's eyes and rioaredl out: "Hold your tongue. you ilmputdeat dog, or I'll Ipult you under arriest' Go to your work, will youi? And mind, no nonsclse abcut couplings being loose and wheels shaky as an excuse for Istoppilng hal£ l way. If youl halt so much as half a second between this and Sibi I'll break every bone in your dirty French skin!" I was standing close to the colonel as he spoke, and I saw the Frenchman's face harden all at once, like melted lead whenl you throw it into cold water. Then he said, very quietly, but just as if he was biting every word short off: I u , unsieur 1e uoionel; yo:i shall be satisfied!" And away he went to his engine without another word. But there was the wickedest look in his eye that I ever saw, yet and it made me feel queer just for a moment, although I hadn't a ghost of an idea (as indeed how should I?) what he was really up to. Well, sir, we all got and begun to make ourselves snug, expecting to be nearly a couple of hours on the road, for it was over eighteen miles to Sibi, and the line being only a makeshift one then, there was a notice up forbidding any driver to run his train more than 10 miles an hour. The train backed a bit to get a fair start, and away we went. 1 don't think any of us noticed anything out of the way-] didn't, at anyrate-for the first minute or two; but all at once my rear rank man, Bob Barton, sings out : "Well, if this ain't more'n ten miles an hour, I'm a Dutchman!" I-lo'd hardly spoken when the train gave a lurch that shook us all together like apples in a bag, and then another towards the other side, and then-talk of fling! Fling was nothing to it-'twas more like being fired out of a gun. The very air seemed to whiz past us, and all at once we heard the Colonel yell out from his window : "Slacken speed, you rascal! Do you want to kill us all?" The Frenchman answered only with a gan to get scared in earnest, for we took in the whole thing for the first time. There we were, running nlore than a mile a minute over an ulnsafe lille, with all our lives at the mercy of a man who was nearly as mad as he could be. The first bridge was already in sight, and the fellows working on it scattered every way when they saw us coming, screeching like anything. 1 heard the bridge crack as we flew over it, and felt it give; and how we ever escaped I can't think yet. "Boys!" cried Bob Barton, springing lip, "I won't sit still and lot that lubber murder us all. It's his life or ours'now. Here goes!" He made for the door as he spoke, and -would have been out upon the footboard in another moment, when we clutched him and dragged him back; for with the pace we were going, and the way the train rocked', it would have been certain death to try it. Over !the second bridge we shot like lightning, and went flying round' the last curve towards Sibi. Just then I saw some thing that brought my heart into my mouth -a stone lying on the line ahead of us, big enough to wreck the whole train. Then I thought all was over. I Just muttered "God have mercy on us!" and shut my eyes. But I opened 'em again next moment just in time to see the stone Itipped over, I fancy, by the shaking of the rails, which were rather loose at the spot) roll off just as we came up to it. Presently, after that (whether it was a minute or an hour after, I could never tell) I caught a glimpse of a platform covered with people shouting and running about; and then we began to slacken specd, and at last stopped altogether. Then I drew as long a breath as if I'd just come up from the bottom of the sea. We'd run half a mile past the Sibi station before we could pull up, and I heard after warkis that we did the eighteen mtles in ten minutes. When the colonel got it out' it made me lairly start 'to look at him. He tottered so he could hardly stand, and his face was all drawn and pinched like the face of a corpse. I don't think it was altogether his own danger that upset him so (allthough I'm sure it well might), but the thought that one hasty word of his had nearly cost the lives of all the men under his charg. was enough to give any man a turln. As for Master Frenchman, he got off and btolted the minute the train stopped. It was rucky for him he did', for he wouldn't have been very safe amongst us just then; and the colonel, on coming to himself a bit, vowed to hang him if it cost him ten thou rand rupees. But it couldn't be proved that he meant to upset the train (as I don't suppose he did, indeed), so that all they could do was to give him two months' imprisonment for exceeding the fixed rate of speed. But; of course, he had to leave the country, and I wasn't sorry for one; for, rather than be on the train with him again, I'd tramp all the way from here to Calcutta. .... .0 ... .- 