Mb Hevet Dodsok, in bis address to bU Brighton constitaenU on Saturday, dealt at considerable length with the aspect of Federation in relation to tbe l'asmauian producer, Mr Dobson being a BtroDg FedoralUt, s candidate for the position of delegate at tbe pro posed ConventioD, and the praotical leader of the Opposition, bis remarks are worthy consideration, and we are «dly afraid that his ntteranoee will not cause tbe wheat-growers and m°at prodncera of Tasmania to become Tery enthusiastic advocates of Federation, It is satisfactory to find that the candi dates for the approaching Convention are beginning to descend from realms of theory, imagination, and platitudes —when the platform of praotical politics is reached, then the producers of Tasmania will be able to form an opinion for or against Federation. We will not at present deal with the extra ordinary figures, or rather deductions, ?jiven by Mr Dobson at this and a pre vionB meeting to show a saving on the interest on the national debt by means of pooling the debts of the various colonies, and then consolidating the carious loaDS — in passing, we would merely say that unless a stronger; case can be made ont in this direction Mian furnished by Mr Dobson the proposed saving is mera moon shine. At Brighton, however, he attempted to meet his hearers on the platform of the producers, and it must, we think, be admitted that he »ot altogether ont of his depth. Bo far as the wheat-growers are oonoemed, shorn of all excrescences, Mr Dobson's opinion is snmmed up in the brieff we might add stnpid, sentence, 'grow something else/' Tbe only logical aeauccura 01 ou ubrerauues ou uum qneetion is that if the farmers of Tas mania cannot grow wheat at 2s lid they mnst surrender the local market to the surplus products of other colonies, of India, or America. In dealing with tbe production of meat, Mr Dobson is even more at sea. Tasmania cannot] possibly hope to export meat to tbe other colonies — apart from the ship ment of frozen meat to England and Europe, a very remote pos sibility — all that our producers can hope for is the supplying of tbe local market, and we challenge anyone to say that, given a fairly pood season on the mainland, Tasmania can com pete in the local market against im ported sheep and cattle if the stock tax were removed. Tbe existing tax lives the producer some degree of a certain market — remove that safe guard nnd no sane Tasmanian farmer would incur any great expense in making provision to supply the Hobart .tnd Launceston markets with fat meat. Wo linvb i.Bnaaf.pdlir dpTnnnRt*.rAtaA t.he peculiar inconsistencies of freetraders, and Mr Dobson was inconsistent to a marked degree in his speech on Satur day. In the first place he argned that the removal of the duties in the other colonies on potatoes meant to tbe Tasmanvan growers a profit of £15,000. As a matter of fact there is no duty on potatoes imported into New South Wales, which is our chief market; but, apart from that, Mr rtnhann nro-npH almnftt in the fiamp breath that tbe removal of duties meant cheapening the articles for con sumption to the extent of the duties. Now, if the Tasmanian potato grower is to receive the advantage of the re mission of tbe duty to the full extent of the tax, where does tbe consnmer come in ? On tbe same ground, if tbe South Australian wheat grower is to be advantaged by tbe remission of the dntyin Tasmania, logically, to the same extent, how can tbe Tesmanian con sumer obtain any benefit i Bnt the most extraordinary argument adduced, and a mistake which any schoolboy logician would not be guilty of, was the amusing statement that tbe loss of revenue entailed by intercolonial free trade should be made good by increased duties on tea and sugar. Apart alto gether from the principle of sneb a SropoEal, it is well known that the icaviest Ioes on onr revenue in conse quence of intercolonial free trade would be caused by the remission of duty on Queensland BUgar. Everyone probably knows that sugar is the predominant industry of Queensland, and the chief argument in that colony in favor of in tercolonial free trade and Federation is that a great market will be provided in he other colonies for Queensland engar. Yet, whilst under Federation then can )B no Customs duty on Queensland sugar, Mr Dobson advocates increasing the duty on sugar to make good the loss of Customs revenue caused to a great extent by the remission of duty of sugar. We (ear this argument is quite DejtJnd the mental range of the drdinaty public. When lecturing on Federation in Launceston tbe Son. N. J. Brown attempted to deal with the sugar revenne difficulty ' by arguing that an eioise dnty should 'be placed on Queensland sngar, this dnty forming portion of tbe Federal revenne or being distributed in some manner amongst the various oolonies. We thtn pointed out that if an excise duty is to. be levied on Queensland sugar the Qneenslanders will not unreasonably, and most naturally, demand that similar excise duties shall be levied on tbe chief exports of the other colonies, and if, say, the Tasmanian potato grower is compelled -to pay an excise duty, or, more probably, an export tax, on his potatoes, what advantage will be gained, particularly when tbe Sydney market is open withont duty and without export taxes. Mr Dobson has palpably failed to learn bis lesson, and the Tasmanian producers: have evidently to look further for enlightenment on this vitally im portant aspect of Federation. Tee status of amateurs haB been a vexed qneetion in rowing circles for many year?, and it is, we think, justifiable to say that in none of the colonies has rowing suffered more through tbiB difficulty than it has in Tasmania. The mainland colonies are now agreeing to fix a definite states which will make the definition of amateur the earne in tbore colonies — ' those who have not rowed for money.' It behoves the rowing clubs of Tasmania to take np this question without delay, for if rowing ie to pro gress in this colony, and to reach any thing like the standard attained od the mainland, our clubs and regatta committees muBt fall into line with their omfrtru in Victoria, Mew Sontb Wales, and Queensland. Tbe recent eight-oared race in Albert Park, in which a crew from the Tamar club took part, proves conclusively that our rowers have much to learn, and competition with other colonies ie the only praotioal means of learn ing the ranch-needed lesson. For strength, stamina, and pluck the Tasmanian representatives were ad mittedly eqnal, if not superior, to any of the other contesting crews — they were simply braten by style. The Tamar men have the good sense to recognise their defeots, and the experi ence thus gained will prove highly valuable. Bnt nnless the status of amatenr in Tasmania is defined on tbe lines adopted by tbe mainland colonies our representatives will not in future be permitted to take part In inter colonial contests, and this wonld mean the death-blow to scientific rowing in Tasmania. In tbiB sea-girt island, gridironed by magnificent rivers, our yonng men are natural rowers. They have every requirement but one to enable them to meet the piok of Aus tralia, w hnf; Innlrinir t.ha noMBDira scienoe, they have hitherto been labor ing under disadvantages which sre fatal to success. It is therefore to be hoped tbat our rowing clubs and regatta committees will take prompt steps to bring rowing in Tasmania into line with that of the other colonies by accepting tbe definition of amateur which has been agreed npon in Vic toria, New South Wales, and Queens land. The meetings to be held during next week in various districts in connec tion with the Department of Agricul ture cannot fail to have a very beneficial influence, especially on the branch boards -, and, as it is intended to visit the whole of the country districts in turn, it may reasonably be expected that a much-needed impetus will be given to the institution. Hitherto the branch boards have been neglected to a considerable extent. Whilst they have been universally admitted to be the very backbone of the Department the.v hum* hftpn Ttrfinfieoilv lnft severely alone. By sneb meetings as those to be inaugurated next week new life and energy will be imparted, and it may, we think, be reasonably expected that the Department of Agriculture will become a real live body. It re mains for the officers and members of the branch boards, and also every farmer, to make the meetings such a success that future visits will be recog nised as a necessity. MmeTEBlAL.— Sir Edward Bmdaon will arrive in Lannoeston this evening from Lelth and proceed by mall train to Hobart, DlFABTHEKT OF AGRICULTUBE.— IlessrS, Thai. Hogarlb, editor of the Agricultural Oacrtte, L. Bhoobridge, and A. Oliver, mem bers of the Council of Agriculture, will visit the branoh boards to confer with the mem bers aDd public as to the more effectual working of the Department ol Agriculture interests of tbe many districts embraced within its (cope. The following rtaUe have been Arranged : — Evandalr, Wednesday, 10th inst ; Longford, 11th ; Westbnry, 12th [ Lanncntoa, 13th ; BcotUdale, 15th ; LUy dalr, 17th. The Creasy Branch Board will be Invited to join the Longford meeting, and the meeting to be held at Latmc aton on Saturday is for the purpose ot forming a board. It is understood that the visitors will proceed to Btogarooma on Tuesday, re turning t* ScoUadale l&e; flame evening. Daring Uie day whilst on tour the delegates will be escorted through the various dis tricts. THB wife of Mr D. Boblnson, a prominent lumberman of Hartwlck, N.Y.. was sick with rheumatism for five mouths. In speaking of it, Mr Robinson says : 'Chamberlain's Fain Balm is the only thing that, gave her any rest from pain. For the relief of pwo it ctnnot be beat.' Many very bad cases ol Thaumatism have been cured by it. For rale by all dealers.— BiTTON AND LAWB, General Agents. ^ieSdtBTOjnaKBlK A*iu{l*..— SoSnany laVbga&tgifcbsd; t6Suu$h Atrloa, Tfisjint by *ny .moans e'rafcge lost news of them and Ihelr lurtutindlngs riion-d be nbelvccV by eaoh toll. Unfortunately, boVver, tabcessAts not always attended thosoVho, UTempghl.dlstfuUanillto^whlchw^rie out a home and tilllmate competency. In gome instances, however, forfcne fcas apparently smiled on tee Tasmanldtin who, having abilities and dUcrctlou.iaveknoirn io»4e s_Ii5 the opportunities which nave laid tbe groundwork of ^-prosperity; Of this class are Mcsirs. Bobson and Savey, yonng fellows wellknown to tbe bulldlng-trade jcif '? this city. Mr Bobsoa Is a brothtef Jjl.thei Arm can) Ing on business here BtilVa'nd Mr But Da'vey Is the ion oi the late Ur Luke Davey, formerly a boatbuUder In Launoeiton: -rdm' rfehent .flies Irgm South Africa' the following clipping . is .tsSen s— ' BuUHog la going on at a rapid paoe ;ln Kiugendorp at. the present time. The two storeyed bnUdini; to he put up for Mr H. ,D. Smith bsl been placed In the Capable hand s of Utsns. Bobson, Holton, »nd Savey, woo have also the eontrah't for some fztculve donble-stbrefcd proUlios to be Inllt for UaclosUe and Ie Water near the Standard Binkv1 Thll firm of trallders seem to be making headway Hn Erugersdorp, notwith standing cne net mat several others navs started in tbe tame line recently.' .In addition to that information, from a local sonroo it baa been .fjoertalued that some.ot the contracts ot Hems. BobBon? Holton, and Davey run Into eeveril thousands ot pounds. ? ??? ? A BoBaBT Ghost.— Spring the last tew nights (remarks » Southern contemporary) reports bave been circulated that some son tempUble scoundrel is acting tbe 'ghost' in St. Mary's burial gronnd. Last evening several isUs, armed with sticks and stones, were watching for him, and they promised to give htm a warm reception should they come to close quarters. Several people have, it 1« Bald, been terrified lately V seeing what they term a 'ghost.' The other evening a lad going past Bt. Marj 'e burial grontid saw the same bbjvct and went' after it to see what It was. The ' ghost' scaled the Wall and frightened the lad by firing oS a firearm. The police ore tnvee tlgsUng the affair, who, It 1b hoped, will lnw no difficulty in rustling the dastard to earth, . Cause List.— The following Is ths cause list for the sitting of the Gourt of Bcancets on Tacsfay, 9th tnst.:-~Adjourned cause— Q, P Brumby v.W.J.Boutherwood, conversion, £6 Us 91 j Archer and demons for plain tiff, Mr G. C. Oltoore for defendant. New cansec— Bophia Barrett v. Sarah Oartledge, goods sold. £2 Its fid ; Law and Weston for plaintiff Ur F. Tyson for defendant. W.A. Blackett v. Joseph Foxon, work done, £S Ts ; Shields and Donglas for plaintiS. Mr J. H. Keating for defendant. John Fitzgerald v. Mrs Kimberlev, 7s 6d, work done and money paid ; Mr J. B. Waldron for plaintiff, tTrquhart and Omant for defendant. Mrs GreaveB v. M. Hannai goods sold, £1 18» lid ; Law and Weston for plaintiff, Clarke and Crcf t for defendant. Thomas Eerslake v. Thomas Garrard, damages to fowls, £10 ; Clarke and Oro£t for plaintiff, Douglas and Oolllns for defendant Susan Stevens v. Matthew Green, conversion, £10; Martin and Bobklrk (or plaintiff, Olarke and Croft for defendant. Charles Webb v. C. W. WllllB, ireik done, 10s ; Ur F. Tyson for plaintiff, Mr J. Powell for defendant. J. B. Waldron v. Sophia Cartwright, work done and money paid,£S ; plaintiff and defendant in person. Bands at BeaCokefieU) — To-morrow a vocal and instrumental concert will be given at the Victoria Bali, Bcaconsfirld, by the members of the Garrison Band assisted by tbe local band and a nnmbar of talented Eritnds. McBrrs. George HarriBon and B, Webber are set down for cornet solos, and there i[ a full programme of other instru mental or vocal items. Tbe entertainment should be an enjoyable one. Midland Aobiodltdbal Show ? The entries for the aft} -eighth annual exhibi tion, to be held at Oampbelltown on 101b June, closed as under :— Merino sheep, Hi pens ; Leicester sheep, It) pens ; Lincoln sheep, 11 pecs ; Shropshire Down sheep, 30 pens ; Southdown sheep, 20 pens ; tut sheep, 10 penB ; backs and hunters, 16 ; extra stock, 4. Total, 193. E.OA. Coxozbt. — Tie popular concert to be given by the Early Closing Association to-morrow evening at the Mechanics' Insti tute promises to attract a large audience. The previous concerts have established a reputation which the committee are jealous to k- ep up, and the programme to be placed before patrons to-morrow night will be quite np lj me standard of former entertainments. A lengthy list of Items will be gone through, Mrs Jas. Anderson tinging ' Alia Stella con fidente,' with violin obligate by Kr Gee. Lorkin. The latter will also play s violin solo. Mr W. Lee Gunnell, who has not ap peared for isomettlme, will recite Tennyson's ' Toe revenge,' s ballad of the fleet. Teevallyh Town Board.— A meeting ot this board was held last night at the chairman's residence. Tberewere pment— Heatn. A. Evans. A. Hart. TT. Rntt/m. -T. B Green, and J. Biggs, sen. (chairman). — A letter was read from the chairman of the Newtown Town Board on the matter of sending a delegate to the forthcoming con ference of Town Boards. The chairman In reply slated that be imd written to Mr 0\. Lovett. — Beport from the sanitary in spector stating tbat he had inspected the residences on Trevallyn and found them all in a clean condition. — The chairman slated that be bad seen Mr Dally re tbe cession of a piece of land for -hc purpose of constructing a drain through his premises. — The chairman was authorised to iuBtroct. the overseer to clear away all obstruction in tbe waterway through Mr Daily's premises. — The chairman tabled s copy of the Gatelic containing the definition of the area of Trevallyn extension by pro clamation.— The rate for the current year was fixed at 9d in the £, dnc and payable on Angust 1. — It was determined that'tendcrs be called for 100 yards of metal.— The Main Uoad Board received tenders for the foot path, nnd that of K. Jojce, for £6 2s 6d, nils acoeple 1. 'Flobette' at tbe Academy.— An amateur production of the three-act operetta, ' Fiorelte, or tbe Goose Girl,' was repeated at the Academy last njght. The object was a charitable one, and, judging by the good attendance, there shonld be s fair balance handed over. From a speotacnlar point of view the operetta was a com plete success, the stage effects being all pretty. The singing, with tbe addition of the orchestral accompaniment, was more effective than on the former occasion, al. though at times ft was somewhat ircak. Miss Jeannie Bateman in the title r-rfc acted her pirt faultlessly and sang charmirgly, while her dresses were the admiration of the audience. Tbe spinning song was perhaps her best effort. Miss Stewart, of Granville, a« the Queen, sustained ber part with credit. Mr Oscar Balte (the King) was well cast, and to him is due the credit of the excellent staging. Pxinco Floricel was entrusted Io Mr A. Evershed. Mrs H. H, Bcolt'e rour trayal of the witch came as a surprise to many, and was throughout a moat capable performance. Miss(s Doubleday and J. Wilmorc as Brilliante and Grandessa, daughters of the King, bad not much to do, but they Rot through their parts satisfac torily. Misses B. Evershed, Huston, and Beeves looked especially pretty as the fairies, whilst the singing and dancing of the brownies was artistic Mr H. L. Smith was the musical director, and the lime light eflicti were a special feature of the performance. PUBLICATIOKB OEOBIVED. — We Lave re celveda copy oftlie president's nddr.'ea Io the Imperial Federation League oj Vietoiia, delivered by Mr Justice Holrovd at the annual meeting held at Melbourne in April. — Tho Ytrng jM&i;,*' Journal for June, from M.BirB. Birchall and Sons, BriBbanc-Btrect is equal in every respect to former issues of this interesting, inBtructivo, and useful maEszlne.~-The first number of John L. Rtoddard's portfolio of photopraptB of famous cities, scenes, and paintings is to Major C. T. PiotoK is manascr of the State Uottl, at Dinison, Texas, which the travelling men aay is one ot the best hotels in that section. In speaking of Chamber lain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy Major Piclon says : ' I have used it myself aid in my family for several yeais, and take pleasure In saying that I consider it an in allible core for diarrhoea and dyBentery. 1 always recommend it, and have frequently administered it to my gui BtB in thu boui, and in every case H has proven itself worthy oE unqualified cniiordcnieut. For ealu by all dealers. — HATTON Af D I AWB, General Agesle, ^?«B F«JT» AHD GMiaJjaT THtl |af.BSRT Ball —Last night the grand if He and gala was continued at tbe, Albert Bull. In addl fea t»ibe tunsl surroundings there was an. .iblbllitra by Mr John foal-row,' aBBistcd by1 x 6'. SpnrflDg, at a series of a hundred beautiful views ol Tasmania. Alter an inter val Mr A. Gye showed about an ce]ual numT»rbt«nglls'tfvlew«,tMbmpknTlngtheai by an Interesting lecture. To-night the pro-, ranme is, an attractive one, Including a JstofeMi between £he Tamar Yacht Olu* and^Sar Bowing CluST Al 8'1S Con,; modore Geo. Biggs wUl take charge of TV. Club, and Mr P. O. Wcctman the T.B.O. They are'.to puUjfor lfi bilnutes. k;!I?h£.re Brill alsobea»otle«ip£iiaSl«n«f woat'.rand at 10 o'clock Mr B. Berd will hold an auction sale of any ooods,- left In the:tonar. This, will be the last nigU of the gala. . 'iiibiiquBTOH 'g^hbbac HosMiiii.— The snrgeonijflperlntetldcnt .of this Institution has compiled the following ttronglh return for the month enaiugTJune: HE 1898;—. May 1— Hale division, 49;. female divi sion, 84 ; total, 88. Admitted' eluring the month— 17 males, B2 females; total, 79. Dlsobarged during the month— 36 males, 25 females; total, S3; Died— S males, 2 females; total, E. Bemalnltir on Jnne 1 —66 males, 199 females ; total, 91. -Those figures are compared with the corresponding period,- 1895,- as follows : -i-Mav 1 — 81 males, 88 females; total, 61.- Admitted during the month— 24 males, 26 females ; total, 67. Discharged during the month — 21 males, 28 females | total, 62. Diod — 1 males 2 females. Strcngth.-Junel— SI males, 82 females ; total, «8. ' the Tick Pl».gd;e.— Mr Dsoey, M.L.A. and produce merth'sBt*,.. teethe Ptsmlei ot New Bouth Wales, on tMnc*Jay re garding the bill for ? the prevention of tbe Introduction of Queensland tick 'plague, passed through the Assembly last week. Tho deputation, asked for regula tions which wonld not interfere with. the Importation ol hides. Ticks, It ww admitted, nad largely lnoreased during the past lew years, but tanners had always been In the babtt of treating bides with ticks upon them, »nd there haduevcr been a single case vt Infection from the hides. It waB suggested that the Queensland Government be asked to insist that bides be well pickled at the port of shipment, and a certificate be issued to tne enecl tnat intB naa oeen cone, u uw Importation of Queensland hides were stopped two-thirds of the tanneries of New South Wales would have IS close; and a large number of men would be thrown out of work. Mr Bnd said he would put the representations of tbe deputation before the Minister of Agriculture, and see U some middle course, which wonld meet all re qoirements. withont doing any injury to trade, could be adopted. Spontaneous Oombustioh. — There is a very uneasy feeling in Newcastle (N.B.W.) owing to tbe large number of cases ruported recently ol coal laden ships catching fire. It has been for years the boast of Newcastle colliery proprietors that their coal is absolutely safe and withont gag in a free state. But the cases of the Oedar. bank, Brabloch, Alexandra, Bepublic, and many others show conclusively that tbe reputation of absolute safety does not de servedly attach to all Newcastle coal. It is recognised -that, apart from the hnmaui tarian considerations Involved, a reputation for being dangerous would do enormous damage to the coal trade of the colony. It is Bnggitted, therefore, that a roval com mission of scientific experts be appointed to fully investigate the recent cases of fires on Newcastle ctul laden ships. VILLAGE BETTLEBS' btJPPLIES. — Alter carefully considering tbe claims cf store keepers who have applied to the Govern ment for compensation in respect to goods supplied to village settlers, the Victorian Minister of Mines does not think the Government has any responsibility in the matter. The total amount applied for is about £2000, and Mr Foster fully realises that if tbe Government showed any desire to pay off that amount the claims would in crease considerably. But under any cir cumstances the Government should not be called npon to pay the village settlers' debts. Storekeepers must have known the circum stances under which settlers were placed npon the land, and that only a certain amount of money would be advanced by the State. Knowing that, they should have re stricted the amount of credit instead of at fancy prices in the hop^ tbat the Govern ment would pay. Most of the money owing by village settlers is due from thoBe who have abandoned their holdings and sought employment elsewhere. ' With Jameson.' — All has been bnitle and excitement dnrlng the past week (re ports a correBpondent from Mafekiog April 21). Each day a troop or more has gone forward, and the heroic, spirit of the old campaigners haB fired the raw 'udb. DolngB of great derring-do may be looked for from the material which has been despatched up country. It is true that a great number of those who have gone are undisciplined, and that on the way— though not a few of then have been apparently used to ' tramping1' — many will ' fall out' broken by fatigue. Still the stuff Is, In the main, good. Watch ing the hone and foot drilling, which each day has been golugon, one ft filled with won der at the ungalnilneu and stupidity of appar ently Intelligent whites. Prancing steeds are not in the line of many of those who are OBten tattously clanking spurs, and in their bands trained comrades as will be the as&ejrals; of the Matabele. Twenty-two men of Jamecon's raidcre came by train yesterday, and another 95 are due to-day. The firat arrivals go up country at once, but tbose who are due to day will keep camp here till the regular troops come from the Cape — probably from England. It is really maivellons to listen to the anthoritative statements, all clinched by big military swear-words, of the men 'who were with Jameson.' I have counted about lbOO in the Transvaal and here in camp and town who were 'with Jameson.' They Give the most circumstantial account of the proceedings from leaving Fit ?anl, and graphically detail the Krngera dorp and Doornkop incidents. What Dr. Jim, Sir John Willoughby, and M«j« Coventry raid to them during the fighting, each warrior lovingly and llngerlogly ro hcarscs— bow ho said to the 'Jaok' or 'Sill,' 'Old boy, go and do this, and do that,' etc. While they are fairly right about the details of the fighting, they fail when of the conntry from Pitsani to Pretoria. But that is neither here nor there — ' they were with Dr. Jim,' — 2nd those who have any money freely stand drinks to all civilians who turn a listening and sympathetic ear to tbeir warlike talcs. The many who came here to join and who have been refused are in a sore plight ; all are warriors they say, but funds Are low, and credit here, at least for them, is not. When most needed it i« not unusual for yoar family physician Io be away from home. Such was the experience of Mr J. T. Bchenck, editor of tbe Oaddo, lod. Ter. BaMter.vrhen his little girl, two years of ng~, was threatened with a sivcre attack of croup. Be eavB : ' My wile insisted that I Ro for the doctor, bnt as our f amily physician «-as ont of town 1 purchased a bottle of Chamber. Iain's Congb Bemedy, which relieved her immediately. I will not be without it in tlio future.' For sale by all dealers. — Hattox and Laws, General Agents. An address on co-operation, from a con sumer's point of view, will be given in the Masonic Hull by Mr G. L. Meredith ou Thursday, June 4, at 8 o'clock. Al an inguest on Gcorgo Broake, a Atceiile jack, who fatally fell while fixing a light ning conductor at the Board School, Atlcy road, Bow, thn jury returned a verdict of 'accidental death.' The revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, which the Prince of Wales receives, arc nearly £70.000 a year. The Qaot n receives tin; revenuis of ibe Duchy of Lancaster, which are over £40 000 yearly. Once a year tbe Kmperorof China plough* a furrow in order to dignify agriculture in the eyes of his people. The ceremony is in vested with great pomp. 