DISCOURAGING. "Bets j0'ir papa object to my cilli' g upen yi'''. Miss I i<jlyers r" " Not in tiic least, 3Ir. Spuclds." " Dots youc mamma ? '* '. No." '.* Do your brothers ? " I think not." " I'liuii I gin'fK I'm pretty solid." " Hut tin re is oiiu of l).e Family yvu iMglotol In ask ;? Ix>tifc. :inrl wlio (lot s cbj. ct to your most lieai tily.*1 * I tin ngSit I littl namwt tltVRi t-M, b it now 1 tlitiil; nf ii, I "li t omit tu ask about your pujr.' j "Oil. I-'iilo ilosei.'i miml v< "Ti en ujje. is it that objccts to iny coming la rer yrw " H is only lt Mr " ** Ob, a little bird told mo. Now sea if you'll promise mo tie second waltz to-night m go and look up the old fellow fur you. Petri him since be dressed ? He ought to have lived in George Washington's time, he looks so well in thorn clothes." The girl blushed and promised, and Harry Btarted on his quest. There was some confu sion and quite a little crowd about a door farther down the hall, and as .Hastings paused, Tom McLaughlin came from tha xoom beyond. He was a very handsome young man, though his face now looked white and solemn. . " I say, old boy, what's tbs row ?" the other called. " You're wanted by a certain lady. Why, yon look as if yon had seen a ghost." " I have teen a. mas die." '. Patterson P» 14 Yes." j " Well, that's rough. Consumption, wasn't it P " Yes." said Tom, hriefly. He made a motion to go in the opposite direc tion from the parlour. Hastings detained him. " Amy wonte you." " Tell her HI be thsaa presently." "Well, don't be long ; ws are going over to | tha hill very soon." Tom went up to his room. The scene he had just passed through had pot him out of tune | with the gay doings about him. Ha could still | see the set eyes and quivering chin of the'man ( who bad died, and he, too, was young. j When ha went down to the parlour Amy was ; there alone, and decidedly cross. " I think it's too provoking of yoa, Too ! " she pouted, fluttering her silver and white plumage. "They're all gone over, and then isnt time to try onz duet. Where have yoa been?" " With pour Patterson : he has jest died." ? " Ob, how dreadful! Bat I don't see what made yoa go a visiting sick folk on the night of our concert," she said pettishly. The young man looked at her in surprise. " Don't be cmss, dear," he said. '. Tii3 thing has about upset me." He was fastening hex cloak, and she made an impatient movement. " I used to drop in to see him every evening. The poor fellow was a stranger here, and loce> some. He came for his hualtis. It cheered him up. he said, to hear what was going on, so to night I ntent in to let him aeo me in these things : I thought it might amnae him ; bat I found htm jast goin^." \- " Fearful! But Tom, we most hurry ; thayTl be waiting for us." I " One moment. Amy. I want to ask yoa something. The poor fellow who died was expecting his girl to-night in the midnight train. Ho sent for her ; think what a shock it will be to her when she comes ! Would yoa mind if J went ap to the station to meet her and fay to make it a little easier?" " Mind ! I guess I should ! Any girl would ! Why, it wilj be just sapper time, and I don't want to be left without a partner." " I could get someone-" " I don't want anybody but you. I don't believe that girl is much, coaling here alone to see him." " Would you not do it for me, Amy P* " Don't go asking horrid cjueatisna ! Mamma wouldn't think of letting me." "This poor girl hasn't any relations. She works in in office, Patterson told me. Be thought everything of her. I don't see how yoa can help being sorry for her!" "Oh. I am! Now Tom. don't be dis agreeable V pouting. " Come, we most go !" Tom sighed, and they went out into the snowy street. He could not feel in touch with the gaiety. He fonnd himself continually thinking of that young life just gone, of, the young girl journeying on in hope to find-despair. Something crept into his tenor solo that night which made people aay. " I didn't know Tom McLaughlin could nog like that: it fairly made me cry." Amy bad recovered ber good nature. She laughed and danced and flitted about like a fairy. Tom took ber to sapper and roused himwilf to join in the gay talk. She thought he had forgotten their little difference. In the dusky hall, as they went back, sha looked np at him with shining eyes. " Tom," she whispered* " do yon know you're splendidly handsome to-night ?" For answer he took her in his arms and kissed her. **0bt you bear," she laughed. " You've cnufced my dress* A tall man was standing by the door as they passed oat. '. Hallo, Jake !" called Harry Hasting*. " Why ain't yoa ap^at the station ? Going to let the passengers walk down V " FJenty of time ; train's late. Doe at one* thirty." Tom heard. He took Amy into tile hall, and her partner (sue to claim her ; then he hurried over to the hotel. "Jake," he said, " I'm going with yon."* He rut op to bis room, tors off his fancy into the office. The-old man who watched the hoow was warming his hands at the stove. "Come, Johnny," he said, patting some money into his hand. " I want yoa to see that there is a goud firs in tfce parlour when the 'bos gets back. I'm goiug up to meet poor Fatter son's girl. Slie is coming to-night, and it is a cold ride down." .. Poor girl! tare, I'll do if, Mr. 'i'nm.'' Mr. McLaughlin opened the dining-ioom door. Tbc tired waiters were clearing away the remains of the feast; the diminished line of dinner p»ils on the corner table showed that the miners working on tbe night shaft had gone out. There was no sign of the landlady. He shut the door. " Mrs. Cornish anywhere abont. Uncle Johnny ? " he asked. " Jiht gone to l;er bed. She was after say ing she was that tired she couldn't drag one fut b« liiml the other.'" " I shall have to tell that poor thing my fclf," lie tboiiftiit, as he went out anil climbed up l>< sitlc Jake on the old 'bu" for the mile's ride to 1 hi* station. The train camu slowly through the itaf j> nut, its two rngiws puffing. It stopped but an in«tant; thn mails were thrown out and tl;o that he was very weai; and suffering." Tom weot np to her and took her hand. .* My poor girl," he raid huskily; *' Henry will never sailer any caora; ha is well." : .She grew very white and taraed away her head, but she did not ciy. . There was a long «n«"» and then she said in an altered voice "When?" .. . *. To-night at seven." .Another silence. Then a sotmd of footsteps approaching and a. gay voica saying . .< I think 1 moat have left my scarf ia here It is cold in the hall." : Amy entered, followed by Harry . Hastings. She gave one look at Tom, bending over and holding the hand of tho white-faced stranger, then without a word turned and went out, followed by her cavalier, his lips puckered for a silent whistle. Miss Abbot did sot appear to have noticed " X must see him," she said. - " Oh, net to-cijht! It is late, and you are weary. Wait until morning." , " No," she answered, " now ; I most teli him I have came, though it was too late." . Unable to move her. be brought a candle and they went through the silent halls to tbn room where her lover lay in all the silent majesty of death, Torn set down the light and uncovered the still form. " ril wait outaide." he whispered. After some time she joined him* her face now itrained with tears. "I will go to my room BOW." she said. " Oh, Mr. Mclaughlin, how shall I thank yon for your kindnew to him and to me ?" . When Tom west back to the ball-room Amy was waltzing. He watched the lithe young flgnre, the flying feet, the white and silver gown. There was a colour in the small face and a mutinous expression a boot the month which told him he would find it hard to make peace. When she was seated ha want to her, bat she did not appear to see him until he spoke. \- Amy-" " Oh, it is yon, Mr. McLaughlin ! Have yon left your friend 5" " My darling, 1st me explain." " I don't want to hear." Hurriedly slipping off her engagement ring, she gave »t to him. "There! When you take her hand again, slip ' that on ; she will be glad of anew lover.T The man's face turned very white. " Do you mean it, Amy V he said. "Yes." . She gave a hard little laugh ana bt i koned with her fan. Hastings came np. " Harry," she said, sweetly, *' Fen so tired ; , won't yon take me home 1" Tom looked at the tiny ring lying in his hand ; Ks diamond flashed np at him brightly ; then be thought of the clear grey eyes of that other girl who, had he bat Knowa, was to mate the happiness of bis life. 