DESPATCH FROM JAPAN. I Received by Hugh Kai.yi'tus.] May tho Sun of i'rospenty stnno upon thy Serenity, and the hand of fortune fili thy pouch with yon, sen, coin, and comfort, with both fists full, is the wish of Miaco-Siina. Greeting. Tho Land of tho Rising Sun hath been greeted with tho presence of one of your people, Jae Dubl-Yoo-Sow-Dhon, a noted Ink-Slingah, upon whom our great It-o shed tho light of his countenance, and upon whom our Lord the Mikado conferred tho dignity of Daifnio of the Blotting-Pad, and tho privilege of wearing two swords and performing the happy dis patch or hara-kiri, an inestimable privilege, for— In Japan wlien a Minister gets 111 diseracc He rips himself up—there's an end of his case, but my lord. Sow-Dhen, will but wear theswords. for ornament. not use. Now, Ki-wo- Tavkcro, pay attention i He is long headed and wise ; lie knows our tongue, but keeps silent. Jle can play the ssmsien as divinely as Tomi-Hud» Siita cab play the ban-joli; and He. can danoa like a geisha girl—y»y, liketbe famous Hanai* Ume of Tokyo herself—Bhe who was the Japa nese Tril-bi, and celebrated for her buti and agil-itee. Ho hath learnt the kow-tow^ and can sling 4he chopsticks even as he slingeth the pen—with neatness and dispatch. Ere he left '■ Z asked of him " Hath thou, oh Oat-tra-li-yon, anything to say against Japan?" and in ouroWij mellifluous language^-which drops from his lips like golden' syrup from a treacle spoon — he said ' H-tori mo gozaimasen,' which you know means "none whatever.' Already he hath induced the Mikado io issue an edict that every Japanese subject Bball abandon the unnecessary Japanese oath, and say "My colonial!" and abandon rice'for Australian mut-tun, and dripping for but-ter. By the ghost of Oonfuciu3, be is a regular wunner, and upon him is conferred tho freedom of looking at oursacred mountain Fusi Yama with one eyo open. You know that nono below those of- tho rank of Sumari are allowed to look upon Fusi-Yama but with their eyes shut, on pain of going headless for the rest of their lives. Sow- Dhen told me that you have a sacrod mountain known as Mar-Bel-Hill, whereon none must gaze or set foot, oxcopt your great Daimios, or Guv-Nohrs, tlio Lord ! High Exeoutioner,-Chefe-Justis Ess-Jaa-Way, roo-Jiah, and other dignitaries of State. Ho also told me that none of the Australians drink, owing to there being no water in thow country, and tlioy live oiitircly upon mutton and dhamper, That at present there is a great civil war going 011 in your country, and that a great castle called Hos-pitahl is in a state of siege. Ho told mo that the population of your land wag so immense that there was no room for any Japanese unless they turned out thp Chinese and put our people in their place. The evil of the drink traffic was unknown— the South Australians drank only a mild kind of saki called djiujah-bcah, and tea liko ours, only weaker. At one time the cities were filled with soki, or public-houses, where strong drink that maketh the tongue wag and tho brain whirl, was sold by girls called bah« maids, but a great Daimio named Oh-Malloe, and another named Magareo, shut up all the soki houses, broke all tho bottles, tapped all tho casks, and banished all the barmaids, Oh-Malleo finding husbands for them at his own expense, most of them being what is called sc£uattahs and milyunaros in your bar barous touguo. You havo a religious festival called Kup-Dny, at which all classeB worship at a shrine of tho god Totalizator, to whom they offer up pieces of paper even as tho Chinese burn paper before their joss. Verily there is much resemblanco between you and the Chinese, except in working all hours for small pay, and that ye are not childlike and bland. Sou-dhon told me much more that waa surprising, but the hand of fatigue cannot longer dip the pen of veracity into ink of accuracy, so far thee well. 