IRS. TREGASKISS' A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN? LIFE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. Authoress of "An Australian Heroine,'* "Policy and Passion," "Nadine," "Misa Jacobsen's Chance," "Arina," " The. Romance of a Station," and (in conjunction^ with Mr. Justin McCarthy) "The Rightf Honorable," "The Ladies' Gallery," &c.;, &c;* [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXI.—The Penalty. . Through the hours Glare Xregaskiss re mained half lying, half crouching in the hollow beside the cave. She had, in a> mechanical fashion, prepared herself for the night, piling up against the wall of rock the leaves and grass Gladys had brought, thus making a sort of cushion, upon which she re clined, her waterproof spread over it and the. blanket covering her knees. The mosquitoes, having scant shelter or herbage just here, were' not so troublesome as down on the grassy plateau, or perhaps she did not feel them-. Anyhow she untied the veil she had fastened. round_ her head and face and stayed during; the night bare-headed and with wide eyes staring out over the desolate bush. The scene harmonised with her mood. lit was her impulse always when she was wretched or torn by rebellious longings to make for the' wildest and loneliest spot she could find. To night she was so physically exhausted and so wrought up mentally that she was barely con scious of material facts. She had a gruesome fancy of herself _ as one walking on the • edge of a precipice, the pledge to Geneste-i her foothold as it were, the thought of her children and of the life she was going to* give up typified in the black, but which wasv. always horribly present, vacuum below, from, which to save herself she must keep away her' eyes and her mind., .Everything else was a* confusion of sound and dim images, except the light of Geneste's camp and the thrilling con-' sciousness of that steel-like invisible chain binding their beings together. Sometimes King's solemn dark eyes would shine put of the gulf, and then she would wince and totter and -, in terror draw herselftogetherand turn her own.; eyes inward. Sometimes she would fancy"' that she heard King's voice, in its quaint half" aboriginal utterance, raised in accents of paini and distress, and at such moments would have-' difficulty in assuring herself that on the other aide of the rocky wall King, lay soundly sleep ing. It was not strange that uncanny faneies should have visited her, for the ghostly scene and the night sounds were enough to make stout nerves creep. The bush was full of weird gurglings and rustlings, and a sense of mystery* and of the illimitable seemed tcK Dreatbe from among the desolate stretches, the' moon-made shadows, the straight bare stems; of the gum trees, the dark clumps of gidya and' the grey upheaved boulders. The "nop hop" of wallabies came from among the fallen •; timber in the gorge behind her; there was ther. shrill chirrup of the tree frog, and there-.; were throaty noises from nameless reptiles making for the pool below the cave. ~Hererj some white-barked, crooked trees bent like ghosts over the water, upon whose inky black-, .; ness the moon cast a feeble ray, giving' a new" touch of dread to the scene. She could hear--1 the heavy flapping of flying foxes' wings and . from the scrub came the dismal howling of.1 dingoes, and nearer, the curlews' wail. That' sound which for a second she fancied to be . King's voice calling "Mummy " was from a native bear, which has a cry like a child. The -' moon went slowly down and by-and-bye she. must have slept a little, for she awoke to ,seet that faint greyness on the' edge of the sky1 which heralds dawn and to hear the mopoke giving its early note and the long, derisive chuckle of the laughing jackass. . She watched the day break, heard the rousing of the blaolc boys when they went after the horses and then, stiff and aching, gofJ up and stole round to the entrance of the tent. She fancied they might think it strange that she should have been out all night and thought that she would lie down and make a pretence of having slept like the rest. But the uncon querable dread she had of meeting King's eyes and hearing, the child's prattle held nee back, and instead she went down the rocks to a lonely pool, an outlet of the larger pool, where she washed and did her hair and got rid of some of the traces of her vigil. The sun was quite up by the time she bad finished, and she was mounting the rooks again when she heard a call from the cave, "KingI King!" and then her own name in Gladys's voice, " Clare!" - She quickened her steps. Gladys met her before she reached the cave. The tarpaulin was drawn back and Helen Cusack and her sisters stood before the entrance. Clare, in her dazed way, noticed that they looked, alarmed. - "Have you got King -with you?" Gladys asked. She spoke sharply and her eyes had at frightened expression. "King!" cried Mrs. Tregasldss startled. " No, I have not seen-her. Is she not in the cave?" " We can't find her," answered Gladys. ,"I thought you might have come in when we were asleep and taken her out." ' • "She is in bed," said Clare, turning white with an undefined fear. . "I don't believe she has been in bed all night," cried Gladys. "The blanket looks as if it had never been disturbed.; There was a> roll of waterproofs and things on it and that made me think she was there. It was so dark in the cave, and I never looked closely." The Cusack children joined in. ' They had beeu so tired that they had tumbled into bed without thinking of King. Mi'ss1 Lawford spoke of the child having begged her father to look for Gerda's witch with her, arid of how he had sent lier back to bed. . Kot one of them had seen King since then. There were no traces of her in the cave; the obvious inference was that she had never been back. As she listened blackness came over Glare— the blackness of the inn at Cedar Hill when she had wakened to the sight of j,Geneste. She tottered against the rook, and her blood seemed ■ to rush away from her body. In afew seconds the blackness passed and her heart beat quickly, and a tingling came into her limbs as tne blood flowed again. Gladys was support ing her, and Helen was at her other side. By a kind of divination she knew that some awful thing had occurred, and that she had called down a doom upon_ her child. Gladys and Helen heard her say in a terrible sort of inward whisper, "God haspunished me. He has killed King!" "Oh, Mrs. Tregaskiss, don't be frightened; it's sure to be all right, and I expect she is just playing round," said Helen, "or perhaps she has gone to one of the other camps.' I'll run and see." Helen flew to the nearest of the camps, where Tregaskiss, just risen from his blankets, was rating a black boy for having let one of the horses stray. S'nand_ the Gulf man and Martin Cusaek were kindling a fire and making preparations for the baking of Johnny cakes, white Geneste and Blanchard were filling the billies with water. " King ! My good God! She's gone, and straying has lost herself!" cried -Tregaskiss, horror stricken when Helen told him how the child was missing. "I sent her back to bed when we went shooting last night. I haven't seen her since." It was the same story with all. No one had beheld King since she had called after her father and "he had told her it was time for piccaninny to be asleep. Everybody who had thought about her at all had supposed that she had put herself to bed, as was her habit- at home. Those who had thought of her upon going into the cave, seeing in the dim moon light the bundle upon her blankets in the recess, had imagined it to be Ning herself eoiled up in profound slumber. Besides, they had of course expected that her mother would be beside her. When Tregaskiss learned that Clare had not slept in the cave his mad anger knew no bounds. He uttered words which were not pleasant for bystanders to hear. Meanwhile the gorge rang with " Coo-ees" and • calls of "Ning! Ning!" Miss Lawford, glad to escape from the scene between Tregaskiss and his wife, rushed with the Cusack girls, peering into impossible crannies. Helen and Martin searched more systematically round the plateau. Clare herself was . like one upon whom a doom has fallen and who knows there is no use in resistance. She bore her husband's reproaches with perfect quietness, not stirring a muscle, still and stony as though the nerves of hearing sensation had been paralysed. : "Have you no feeling at all that you stand there like a marble statue ?' roared Tregaskiss, who had completely lost his head. " By God, if anything has happened to the piccaninny through your neglect I'll never speak to you or look on your face again. As for me, I'd as soon be dead and done for as lose the picca ninny." Geneste and Blanchard stepped up to him. Ambrose spoke first. "Look here, Mr. Tregaskiss, it isn't as had as all that, and this isn't the way to take it. Mrs. Tregasldss is no more to blame than you or I, or any of us. The child will be found again all right, you may be certain. She has just strayed and lost herself and we've got to lose no time'in looking for her. Let's settle at once what to do." "We had better divide into search parties," said Geneste. ''Each one take a black.boy, except perhaps myself and Martin Cusack. He's a good tracker and I'm used to it." ' " I'll back Geneste to track a skitter across running water," cried the Gulf man. Tregaskiss bestirred himself with feverish activity. Geneste took command, and pre sently the horses were saddled and the search parties started, Tregaskiss foremost. Soon every human being of that pleasure expedition was scouring range, gullies, fiats, and lake shore for little King. The ladies of the party and the new chums; kept near the gorge and scoured the ground, . going in line to and fro among the gullies. :. shouting .as. they, went, but no answering call . came and there'was.no sign of the child. Then they, went .towards the lake, but to no avail. At 1 o'clock- a black boy among the searchers ■ struck a track for about 10 yards on-the old Eungella road, and then again for about 100 yards on a cattle path—just two tiny boot marks, but it was lost again, completely. The tracks ran inland from' the lake, and were a long way from the camp, telling a pathetic tale of the poor baby's night wanderings. ' They made these tracks the point of a fresh start in all the directions round. Blanchard rode back with the news, and Gladys and Helen and even Miss Lawford wept with joy, for now they felt sure Ning would be found. But Clare did not shed a tear or give a smile, nor did she show any anxiety in putting ' together food and a blanket in which to wrap the child when they should come upon her. She had been walkingaimlessly, herface a mask of despair—walking because she could not sit still, not with any hope. ; " I know that King is dead," she said in her stony voice. "There is no use in taking food ; she will not need it. But. I should like .to' bayei-her little dead .body so that the dingoes and wild birds may not hurt it." ' Y. (Her calmness was terrible ; she did not shudder like .the rest at the suggestion. . "Ambrose, 'I.; think-, she is going mad," whispered Gladys, "she never says a word, only walks—walks—with that awful set face. .What can we do?" \- . "We will bring the child, please God, before inany hours are over, and that is all we can do,"|he answered. "If only there were a station near; where we could get search hands and Y fresh horses. There are so few of us. Geneste is .tracking like a blackfellow or Bed Indian, and Tregaskiss will not let the black boys stop for a moment,' though he is so wild with grief that he is not much use himself. • The child must be saved if it is humanly possible tosave her." - He rode away again and tliere were more interminable hours of waiting. All they could do still was to wander and shout and make fires on the hills, which should attract the little creature if she were hidden in one of .the ravines near. No one came back that night from the. outside searchers.. The night was passed in that aimless wandering and un broken snatches of sleep taken in relays, the watchers starting at cries of curlews or native bears in the fancy that it might be the voice of the child. . The country blazed with the fires they had lighted ; and some went down to the lake shores, the distraught mother among them, and covered miles along the sand. But " there was no Ning. (Tote continued.) 