CHAJTBR III. : No psychological novelist; pn the look-out for copy, would have given a moment's thought to ffie people Trio came to Mrs. . Evertori's garden Party. Nor would he have gleaned the very smallest harvest if he had; Yirtuous, orthodox, unromantio, respectable, thoy had not the makings of an Ibsen play or a fi-fi novel among them. Even Balzac himself would have found them difficult to pourtray and a tough job to idealise • and as material for analysis they were nowhere. True, there were some among them who were palpably discontented with their lot in life; hut not the most liberal interpreter of human feeling could have dignified that discontent as ' divine,' nor have found in it the germ of poetry. Commonplace square-toed folk, not given to fine phrase, and in capable of that kind of high falutin which finds evil interesting and good prosaic, would have bluntly, described the discontent which certain of their, neighbours showed as ill-temper due to idleness and sluggish liver, Such a man, for instance, as that prosaic old optimist, that halo, and rubicund old sea-dog, Captain George Joiflfes,'would have bustled them \ off with, 'Give 'em something to do, says I ; make 'em work as l have done, tUl I very nigh dropped, I did. Make 'em work for their rations, the lazy lubbers, and they'll soon get all the nonsense knocked out of 'em, or I'll eat 'em, I will.' And even Percy Merritt, the idealist, artist, romancist, and. New Light generally of Green Lanes—did he hot Contribute both prose and verse to the local newspaper ?—did he not follow on the chariot wheels of the Impressionists and make word-pictures which were only like" So many dabs of colour, with neither incident nor drawing to speak of ?—did he not quote Carlyle, sit at the feet of Buskin, profess to understand Browning, and call things unintelligible or immoral ' distinctly precious ?' yet. even he could not pump anything like sentimental'- sympathy for Lucindu Ware's chronic pouts, nor excuse Jlrs. Amanda Potts's snappish complaints against her good- natured, fat-faced husbnnd, whom all the world liked, and wondered' why she did not—for what in tho name of fortune had she to com plain of? Thus, it will-bo" seen that really a garden party, where no nian flirted with another man's wife, and 7no brazen hussy-of a girl tried to win the heart of another woman's husband—whero jealousy was as rudimentary as the intellectual faculties of a baby, and the darker passions came-to no deeper shade than dove-colour for black—such. garden-party as this was but a tame affair in these highly-spiced days of ours, ■when..the under-current runs alon'g.'-with' such headlong- speed, and the'Ten Commandments are swept away by its force as so many straws in a stream. . ; Perhaps -there were potentialities— who.knowB?. It is only hy trial that things prove themselves, and smokeless powder has the same explosive strength as the other kind. . There was DulcieEvcrton, for oxample —untried, undeveloped, untestcdin every way. Who' knew what latent force might not he lying within her, like the curled erozier head of a future fern ?— like'the unhatched bird in the dumb egg? As things were, she was just a swcet-tcmpeied, unselfish, affectionate girl, with no dominant' characteristic of a resonant or recondite sort. Call her a good girl or an amiable one, and there you were. You had no more to say; for time and opportunity had as yet been wanting to prove the real quality of her nature, The old captain had no other Word for her than : ' Ay, she's a brave lassand Percy Merritt had ex hausted even his abundant -vocabulary and come to the end of his analytical tether when he raid ' Charmingly in genuous—a sweet feast of innocent sclf uuconsciousness.' Even the father and mother, who had watched her gradual development from the cradle up to now—even they had no more definite idea concerning her than this of universal acceptance: ' un selfish, amiable, affectionate.' As for Aston, if-he had analysed his feelings and thoughts, he would have come to the bottom fact of both; 'unselfish; amiable, affectionate qf course—born into the world for nothing else than to obey her father, take care of her mother, and attend to every whim and wish of his, her lordly brother. All this was true to nature ;for while as yet in the bud one curled up erozier hcad is very like another, and you cannot for the life of you tell whether the egg you bold inyour hand will hatch out a brooding, clucking, peaceable Same Partlett, or a lordly, strutting, combative young chanticleer. - ' All things went on in their usual course. The. Browns, Joneses, and Bobinsons were mildly amused and amenable to regulations. The' young men served well or ill according to ability; the girls volleyed close or wide according to_ theirs. The muscular young curate did his oecumenical spooning with discretion ; tho elder .Indies looked on and noted, and the elder men a little envied him his fleetness of step and his catholicity of taste. Lucinilo "Ware, who affected him—this discreet young curate, Adolphus Tyson—was less sulky and uncomfortable than usual; but Mrs. Amanda Potts aimed her spiteful little shafts at men in general and husbands in particular—and most of all, her own husband, as an outrageous specimen of the wlioie class—just as she had done many times these dozen years. Percy Merritt talked weak mstheticisms to "Mrs. Grantley, and Mrs. Grantley found him both tiresome and inane. And there was over all a general atmos phere of steaiu and of exertion, and of damp young men mop ping themselves with inadequate pocket handkcrciefs, and fair-complexioned girls, whose roses had run up to unbe coming peonies. The ' tea, lemonade, strawberries, and claret cup were all at a premium; and, but for the wasps and midges, the afternoon would have been perfect. But wasps and midges have to be reckoned with as well as ripe fruit and shady trees; and even at a garden party all is not gold without alloy. The afternoon was drawing to a close, and the last set was being played. Already some of the more distant of the guests had deputed for their respective • homes, wlron a dogcart drove up the avenue—that beautiful lime- tree avenue which was one of the most precious ornaments of the hall. Tho dogcart drew up at the porch; a man jumped out, and came across the flower garden and the broad walk to the lawn where tho party had assembled; and, in another moment, Martin Hnrrowby was shaking hands with Mrs. Everton and Dulcie, and asking tho squire how he did, without waiting for an answer or expecting to have one. Yes, it was their friend and neigh bour, Martin Hnrrowby, sure enough— Dulcic's former playmate and tormentor i —but heavens! how terribly he had changed! Ho had left home rather| more'than a year ago, a careless, happy, fair-faced-yotuig fellow, who, save in the 16ss of his father, had never known a'day's sorrow—for his mother had died so long ago as to' he now a disused pang and a forgotten grief. He came hack grave, pre-occnpied, with a gray kind of shade over his face, a network of wrinkles about his mouth • and fore head, and a curiously wild look of sadness in his eyes, which made one's own heart sad to see. He seemed like one who has looked into, the face of Death and read the secrets of the other life—like one who has stood in the magician's circle and seen the shape of his destiny hurry by and heard the fatal words of doom. All the youth and elasticity of soul that he took away with him seemed to have been burnt out of him, and to have rendered hack only the husk of his former self. He was Martin Harrowby truly; hut with a difference that practically separated his present self from his past. "' I did not know" you were coming home, Martin. When did you come ?-' asked Mrs. Ercrton in her sweet placid way. 'Late last night,' he answered. ' You see I have h)st no time in coming to see you,' he added a little feverishly. 1 That was; good of you,' returned Dulcio's mother, smiling. ' And how is my old chum and play fellow ?' asked Martin, turning abruptly to Dulcie, v His manner indeed Was abrupt all through, as is the case with a man whoso nature is. strained, and who is forcing an appearance of interest while the reality lies far hence. Oh, I am all right,' said Dulcie, prosaically. 'But I cannot say that you look very well, Martin. Aro you well? Have you been ill ?' ' HI ? Ho! What rubbish!' he said, a little hurriedly, and more than a little rudely. It was as'if the question annoyed him —as if he did not care to be taken stock of and observed too closely, even by old friends and in affection. ' Perhaps it is the climate,' said Mrs. Everton, with a fine generosity of generalisation, meant to be like the cloak of charity, reaching over all pos sible contingencies. ' A hot sun bums one,' said Martin: And then an inexplicable something came into his face, and ho turned away his eyes as if he saw something that gave him pain. Evidently the hot sun had burnt him; and he was conscious of the smart. ' Where have you come from last ?' asked Dulcie, innocently ignorant—un suspectingly obtuse. ' I have been in Morocco and Algiers,' replied Martin, evading a direct answer. What good wihild it be to tell her that he had halted in Paris for two months on his way home; and then, instead of crossing over to England, had turned back as far as Mentone, whence indeed he had just arrived? What good to tell them aught that would give them the slenderest thread as a cltte to his miserable secret ? ' How delightful!' said Dulcie, whose heart silently nourished the unavailing wish to travel and see foreign lands and customs.^ ' Yes; Tnngiers is interesting. So is Algiers,' said Martin. Then, not earing to be further put to the question he turned to the group sitting or standing under the hornbeam, discussing such of their neighbours as were beyond earshot and finding most of the social way from Dan to Beershcba a moral waste. • And but one thought passed like an electric spark from each to each:— ' How wretchedly ill Martin Har rowby looks! What on earth has ho done to himself ? The man looks like a jhost, or as if ho had been in hospital for a'month! He used to have rather ;ood manners'—neighbours in a country place never allow themselves to become enthusiastic about one another—' and now he is so abrupt and indifferent as to be quite boorish. He never seems to hear what is said to him; and what a disagreeable way he has of looking over one's head when one speaks to him. He seems only half there; and it is horrid!' But grumble as they might, and speculate as to causes as they would, no one got a hint or indication out of Martin. He was changed, as they all saw and said; but they had to content themselves with tho fact, and let- the explanation settle itself. - -And tWs ve; ticence,' seeming to. point-as it did to a secret, not to say m'yBtery, made Martin Harrowby, the once popular young squire of Hayes Hill, perhaps the most unpopular man in the whole district. They all tried to ' draw' him.. Mr. Grantley threw out tentative hints as t« / the holy influence which, the church [can. exercise on a mind diseased, am* Mi's. Grantley lamented the loss to a I young man' of his mother, when he it in trouble. Mr. Evertoa spoke in general terms, of reprobation of thosa who suffer private griefs to mtcrfero with public duties, and maintained the grand power of healing lying in magis terial work and the_ county council. Some of the prettier girls looked as if thev would have accepted the office of consoler and light-hearer at a moment s notice; and some of the young men ventured on chaff, which for the most ;. part they did not repeat. The old sea dog winked his left eye, and said both confidently and confidon tially— . ■ : " 1 For twopence—a petticoat, lucres a woman in the case or my name's not — George Jones.' . . So it might or might not bo. All they knew was that Mai tin .went into magisterial and local work with ^ a kind of dogged attention to his duties that considerably discomposed, because it distanced, his comrades and companions; and that he rode about the lanes tike a demon rather than a sober county gentleman—which made the yokels wonder whether he were a hit soft or drunk. And ever there rested on his face that haunted look of a man whose eyes have peered into the world beyond the grave, and who can never forget the things ho has seen and heard. He was like ouo who had lost his soul. The body was there, alive and sound; the mind was there, active and alert; hut that other something—that thing we call our soul, our spirit, hadleft him and reduced him to a hit of clever mechanism—an automatic organism, with hut littlo self- consciousness and still less, re sponsibility. n So-he wandered on that way we call life, performing his civic duties with painful regularity, because with that painful indifference of a moral kind which showed how purely mechanical and functional they were. As a inagis- . trate he was neither harsh nor lenient, but Mhadamanthine in his inflexible ad herence to the law as laid doiyn by authority. If that law were elastic and allowed of his discretion, he turned tho scale perhaps one-quarter degree to tho side of mercy, hut in general he seemed not to know that such a thing as pity existed, or that the culprit before him was a human being of sentient nerve3 land inner feelings. It was as a dead man judging the living—a ghost from the tomb awarding fines and penalties1 to those ho had left behind in the flesh: All this made him an eerie kind ot personage in the place where once ho had been the blithest companion andtho lightest-hearted merry-maker of them all' And he could not he ignored—not left alone, as a smaller man might have been. -A restricted country society cannot afford to boycott one of its most influential members because he looks more melancholy than other people like, and because he will not make pubhs i confession of what has so strangely altered him from his former self. la> o« sure, he gave the neighbours hut uttla cause to weary of him ; for; save to tho Evertons, he rarely went to any family __ in the place or joined in any of tho amusements.. And when he did g? ha was "'no acquisition,' as Lucinda Waro said sourly. Thus, he had to he taken on his own terms, or not at $1; and those terms were, undisguised indifference to on# and all, and the conscious possession ol something which ho kept to himself and - imparted to no one. Tho doctor hinted at melancholia; and this by degrees got to be the re ceived opinion. Poor Martin Bhvrowhy was certainly losing his mind, and hi# end would probably he—suicide. Meanwhile, the kindly hoped and tha dramatic exaggerated; and Martin's ap proaching insanity became a land of test case in Green Lanes as to the amount or evidence which the normal mau, not to. speak of woman, requiresbeforo jumping to conclusions and landing heavily on unproved certainties. The Etcrton#, elone scooted the theory as both in jurious and ridiculous; and people saiil it was wicted of them to do so, and a flying in the face of Proridence all round. And for people who possessed each high principles as they did,- it was donbly wrong, and calculated to bring down a judgment on them—as it would, sooner or later. 