HNOYEIL. — ... WHITE HE80H. By ILGk. leiULBill, CHAPTER XX.— (CosrrxNTJEn.J \- A-X-hc-y. tr« kicked oaok wards and forwards , through mountains, between this and Georgia and Tennessee. and disputed supremacy with Greeks and fihawnees, The old chief who told him thav, defend said, that, for a scoot, op a war party, tb (listen c© from a big pond in me wooa, over mere on tue range, to the h" ad -water "country of the XXfawaaso was osly seven flags' and nights1 forced march. All that Defyrgrass tract— three thousand acres of hill rand forest — belongs to a man named liultib.Hk, and ever since X can re- member. He bought in soon after the Indiaa removal in 1535 H©b mi unfriendly old fellow, and nobody ever sees him except on court days. He has a good house over there, hut lives Alone. Queer stories are told of him.' In the clear afternoon light distance rseemed annihilated, "aud the hills, toward which all eyes -yere turned, looked surpris- mgly close at i-md, and quite within reach of any pair of. sturdy little legs. Brought thus near to thorn, the legend materialized, so to «pealr, into practical significance and assumed a per\®al beating. Incontinently the little baud -f listeners were transformed into pooS.ble treisure-bunters. ' Didn't Mr. Melu tosh ever look for the gold himself, rsthcrf' Ssth inquired, eagerly. f-ou uy liia-. 1m ko 13 uu his lauj. X) id nobody over ten him the story, so that he could look V hfr. Jessup If. nhed. Moliitosb C'-ulci tell more about Indiana himself in a week than any other fellow could in a year? he declared- Ho lived with 'em once, folks saj. Some even aeserfc that he hat a dash of Cherokee blood ; hut I don't believe that myself. He don't look like it. This forest-laie of hia answer., to tbe description in the legend, and used to he called by an Indian name which means "White Heron. If thero be any truth in tbe legend, Mcintosh has. had a good chance to prove it.' Eat did he .over look for gold on hia land? the boy persisted. xiuouiu be. never saw so, Mr. Jessup made answer. - ' No prospecting for gold has ever been don-, hereway within my know ledge. Blelntovh has a grist mill under the fall from that pond of his, I believe. It lost its Indian natn.e in my grandfather's day. The white settlers, moving in, found it hard to pronounce. Cherokee doesu't come trip pi'igi y to the tong-uts of al'eas. For months the story, in its now aspect, 1 hung in the boy's brain. Visions of treasure haunted him, . =md ho evolved, elaborated, and discarded irinumerablo plans for redis covering the White Heron mine, as he christened it. n imagination he beheld himself a conquering hero, contending single handed with beasts of the forest, manorial prejudices, Ignorance, and ghosts, for he bad learned - through the poor whites and negroes that the region round about old Mcintosh's wood pond, as it was called, was a sort of hunting-- ground for disembodied In- dians. The gh ist-stories, wbile they made him creep, were a great comfort to him, sub' stantiatinij it fach a tbin were possible, the palpable with the impalpable. No sensible spirits,. ; the boy argued astutely, would bother to materialise once more had they not business still upon earth, the pro tection of treasure, and such-like. The more he thought about it the livilier became his fancy and the more convinced he was that the cavern contained other wealth be sides its unquarried gold. Those avenging women, doubt! e3, had collected and stored there the jewele and trinkets of their tribe. "What more natural and probable ? Ana to tbznir 'here might be all this on a man's land, right under his nose, as it were, and be not to have the energy to hunt for it ! Iu disgust with tbissupineness Seth concocted a letter to old Mr. Mclnt.osb setting tortL bit views, and offering, for certain considera tions and emoluments, modestly sec at half of the find, to undertake the quest. The parental edict that the time had como for sending him to hoarding-school prevented Beth from despatching this precious epistle and thereby inaugurating a new era m county history. He had said nothing about his schemes, having a boy's wholesome dread of ridicule, ?nd he determined, since dspar- hire from tbe treasure-regLn was inevitable, to keep a still tongue until he should graduate" uud be his owu man. It was a foolish dog which laid a pack on the trail while himself was still in leash. "When the ladwas eighteen, and the school boy well merged into the oollcgian, the war broke out, and a wept like a forest fire through the South. The older order of things was disrupted, and new foroes came into play. Wano J ess up threw himself into the Secession movement, soul, body, and pocket-book. He mustered and equipped a company j officered it with his sous, put him self in command, and marched merrily away to Virginia, where he did gallant servioe, 68W two of his three sons fall for the cause, and earned for kiinself flie soldier' a last dis- tinotion, a bayonet- scooped grave in the soil of a battle-field. Seth came out of It sound In wind and limb, but reserved for the harder tasks of adjusting reconstruction burdens to most unwilling shoulders, of looking after the remnant of tbe family, entirely female, and of grappling with confusion worse confounded in tbe matter of finance. Wayne Jessuphad lived the .carelesB, easy-going life of a planter, accounting himself comfortable in circumstances with his plantation and slaves, and disturbing himself not at all about a few debts which he had aUowed to accumu late.- With the loss of slave property these debts came back on the land, which, under the burden, presently shifted from the hold ing of the family to that of strangers. Seth saved wli3t ho could from the wreck for his Woineu-fiindj whom he settled in a small town in another part of the State, and. then applied himself to the intricate problem of making a living. .Albeit a practical fellow, Seth. failed, some how of having the right grasp. Me was at mioa rwrnn-TTonrviraenmn and nirnr.nnn tiniiH UUbU UlOflfUVlUVOUmU UUU UIVJ.-VMUUiVU«j and both iu wrong places. His calculations, carefully, always cleverly, made, never footed up a satisfactory total. He took hold of things too soon, or too late, or too some thing, — was, in brief, one of those men who work for success, who in a sort deserve success, and yet generally miss it. Seth said of himself that he was born under an unlucky star, and also that he had never had a fair Start ; but others said of him that, there was a twist in his braiu, that a too vivid imagination perverted his sense of pro- portion j and that he was too fond of ' short cats.' Four important years had been muloted from tfco time usually allotted men for pre paring- themselves for a profession, but Seth did not allow that to stand in his way : ho t)Uly hurried the faster, cramming law enoug-h somehow, in the intervals of clerk- ine for a hardwarehouae, to pass a Slack examination and get admitted to the bar. People accused him of taking advantage of the carpet-hag which admitted any tyro to legal honors upon the payment of the sum of twenty dollars but; that was taking an extreme view. According to Southern usage, Seth save hostages to fortune in the shape of a wife and. family before lie was twenty- five or had pocketed his third fee. The young lady, a fdiSS Olive, had » little money of her own, however, derived from an aunt and securely cnM-Vi/l nt\ hat CA fclia ma. tell UTAQ llftf. PAftlltf as imprudent as it looked. As the children came, malignant friends would prophesy for Seth a full quiver, and quote unfeelingly the old age, ' A fool for luck, a nigger for gourds, and a poor man for children. And when number five arrived before number four was firm on his legs, they advised Seth to look alive, for the undertow was getting dangerous. He thought so himself, and, when a boom in 0 neighbouring State, grounded on the discovery of valuable minerals, was inaugu rated, he consulted with his wife and deoided that, for a short time, at least, a change of base might be advantageous. Xn tbis new shuffle and deal hope suggested that winning cards might fall into his hand. Divorcing himself, for the nonce, from his family, Seth proceeded to Birmingham, where he established himself in an embryo Street in tbo booming part of the town and put out his sbingle, resolved to do bis best to cut both ways and while sowing his own few dollars in speculation to reap a share of such as others might sow in litigation. When he had been eleven inonths in the place and was getting foothold, he was joined, to his annoyance, by his wlfes brother, Jack Olive, an almost llOpolliiiB ne'er-do-well, whom campaigning in his boyhood, it was claimed, had ruined. GHAPTER III. WAVING MONTE. Jestup's office was in ono room of a small frame building which stood back in a yard. Before' it was a road covered wiLh furnace- slag and rawly developing into a street. Behind it were building-lots, naked as yet, but duly staked and placarded, and destined in the near future of land-agents' speech to become one of the handsomest residence parts of the city. Beyond tbe lots lay fields aud a stretch of open country which rolled hack to the hilts from which men wrested wealth iu the gui-se of irou and coal. To the right of the long narrow hall was tho office, a room the whole depth of the iioaae, having windows front and rear. Its plenishing- was meagre, only suck tilings &S; wore indispensable, -a knee-bole table desk !q the centre of the room, with a swivel- chair beside it, a. second-hand sofa with demoralized springs, and a few cane-seated chairs for the accommodation of clienta and visitors. A smaller table between the front windows showed the customary office jetsoin "f descriptive catalogues, land agouts' cards, tobacco-pipes, and stale newspapers. The lamps were ligh ted, and the lawyer sat before his desk with h is legs crossed and his chair swung back upon its pivot. His face was thoughtful, and his eves rested, with un- realiziug abstraction, upon a pile of papers ppread out on the desk-lid. Among them a half-folded letter arcbed itself, like a crawling terrapin ; an envelope, bulgy and official-looking as though it containod documents, lay, face up, beside it, and sliowed the post-mark of a county seat near Jcseup'e old homoj vrhich bore date of a few- days previous. Phe afternoon's post bad evidently brought a budget which required consideration. The front windows were closed and the whades lowered, but those at the hack, where there was less okanco of surveillance, stood opea to the night Through one of them a mischievous breeze dashed hurriedly, dealt the letter a buffet which whirled it over and sent it rustling to the floor, juggled with the lamps until the flames flared smokily, and flattened the shades against the front window panes with a snap like u fire cracker, J"cs8upt roused from abstraction, stooped for bis letter, restored it to its place, and anchored it with a bit of iron ore. Then he turned to tbe window to meet the breeze wbisking m again, laden tbis time with pilfered sweets from rose bowerB and jessa mine hedges. The night was fair, with no moon, but a luminous Bky -light wbich filled the world with illusion and tho shadowy mystery of the half-seen. .Jessup turned to bis desk again and bent over the papers, moving and sorting them, restoring eome to their envelopes and laying aside ot.ners to be re-read. Prom outside, ordinary night noises drifted in, the strident sentimentalizing of cats, tl e rumble of belated vehicles, and the thread of passers, alert and purposeful when that of a white man, shuffling and heavy when tha wayfarer was a negro. Suddenly, from the distance, away in tbo direction, of tbe miuiii# village, the sound of firearms hit through the night, —one report, — two, — then a eharp fusillade, as though an armed gang, running:, fired at random after a fugitive in flight. The lawyer kept his head down and went on with his work, the reports glancing off from his consciousness scarcely noted, like missiles from mail. Such sounds wore ' no novelty thereaway, dince the opening of the mines much human refuse, foreign and domestic, had collected, with methods and manners oftentimes the reverse of pacific. There was, in particular, a lot ot Hungarians, dissolute and quarrelsome, but good miners, who were always making trouble. Shortly after Jessup's coiniug they had made trouble for Joe Hooch, a mountamer from the White Heron neighborhood, aud that of so serious a nature that JoS fouud himself jailed, tried, aud sentenced for murder before J to use his own phrase, he well knew 1 whafc struck Lim.' Tke> Cl'ltUQ had really been manslaughter, but Joe had no Witnesses to prove it, Willie the Hun garians en masse testified that; Lb ere bad been antecedent quarrels and threats, followed by a felonious assault upon an unarmed man. Jessup, who was counsel for tbe defence, because ha had a liking for the home vagabond, beside whom he had fished, hunted and borne arms at various epochs, battled fiercely for a modified verdict, but without result. The settlement of quarrels by violence was getting too popular thereabouts for the civil authorities to feel that they could afford nice discriminations of degree in lawlessness. Examples were needed. Tbe courts feared to destroy equipoise by leniency. When a fire rages it muBt be checked by firing against it. Joe, whose natural inclination to settle all difficulties vi et armis had been foBtered by four years' campaigning, and thrice four of a most desultory existence, felt h?a sentenoe to be unreasonable. 'Jus' fur snuffin' out a man, — an him a Masted forrener, he commented aorimonously . ' Dook like folks mout'r had mo' feelin' fur thar own '011 to halter an ole Confed' fur aioh as that. Er weasly cuss whar was jus epilin fur killin', an' Lad been befo' he come to these diggiri's. Ef I'd stole a horse, or sot fire to prop ty in tha nisrht time, or rousted a coroe out'n its grave, or gin; away a fellow whar trusted ine, I Wouldn't er said a word. Sich low down meanness needs phyeiokin with hemp, an I'd er took my dose 'tbout wlnoiii'. But fur shootin' down an aig-suokin' outlandish dog whar was ttimin' to flesh hia teeth in my meat ! It's hard, I tell you, damnation hard, an' don t you forgit it/ While not altogether sympathizing with the mountaineer's estimate of the relative values of human life, Jesaup agreed with him in thinking the slaughtered Hungarian no special loss to the community and, as bas been said, stove ably to inoonlato tbe i jury with a similar belief. His defence of Joe Gooch stood as the masterpiece of his legal career, and so impressed the court with his ability that even the opposing counsel complimented him without the oustomary .sneering intonation. And for Seth's client, his appreciation of the effort made in his behalf wae pronounced, even in the face of the verdict. ' They hadn't nary fellow whar fit in the war on the jury,' he explained to the sheriff, ou their way hack to jail. Just a lot of riff-raff whar was brought out or soared out by them Hungarian devils. Ole gray, jackets wouid'r let rae off hau'sorae, and Seth kaovr'd It : that's how- come he flung my war record' to tlier breeze so strong. He's or lawyer, Seth is, solid-bottomed, and hooped up according. A. good fellow, too, he a dd«d, warmly- 1 He am c gwme back on his own, you bet. Him and me squir'l- hunted and fished tog-ether back in the ole North Skate wbenst we -una was kids. Aud we fought together arter we got growed. Tliet's how-come he talked up fur me bo tight aud true, argufyiu' an' slang- wangin t'other side we-urts was brothers/ ' He's paid for defending you, ain't he?' demanded the sheriff, whose views of men and motives had been robbed of enthusiasm by official experience. ' I ain't give him nothing,' the condemned man asserted, regretfully. ' I never had nothing to give, — that is, no spons. Them dojs sot and rousted me afore I'd a chanoe to ecrap© tog-ether more'n enough, to buy vifctle. X sank Seth. word who X was, ana thet I was in a hole and needed er fren' to pull me out, and ho sot right up to it and palled. It sorter hurts me not to give him nothing, just to show! seed he bushwhacked his beBt fur me/ Tbe State'll allow him Eiomething'j X reckon.' The sheriff's tone was reassuring. Stat© be damned V wae the contemptuous retort, delivered wrth energy. 1 .Much lioMl git out'n a State whar' 11 halter a fellow that fid fur hor four ye'r, for fighting- fur himself ten minutes. Seth kin tote all the cote'll allow him home on a tooth-pick an' have plenty o' room to straddle on behind. Sides, he warn't 'pointed, to shout far mo by tbe cote. I sent bim word bow 'twas, and lie stepped front like a major. 'Then you re reap msible yourself,' the sheriff declared, as be turned his charge over to the jailor. ' And there is no use slanging Alabama about it.' His appreciation of bis counsel's efforts, interplaying with a certain sturdy inde- pendcace inherent in the man, set Joe think ing how, as he himself expressed it, to set ' Seth up and trim him off right/ in requital of his championship. The result of his deliberations was that, a few flays before his execution, he sect for Jessup to come aud see him, 'jus' socisble, for the sake of old Urns,' and during the visit put him in pos session of certain information which aroused ia the lawyer the most consuming interest. All this had happened months before. Jce bud. joined, tb© majority, and bis poor dishonored remains had bean decently coffined and buried at tho expense of a few old Con federates whose sympathies Jessup had enlisted. Me had promised the man that this should be done, and so eas8 a trifle the humiliation of his passing. He had even gone out iu tbe nigbt witb bis barum-aearum brothcr-in law and fired a lonesome little salute over tbe grave,; but that had been an absurd bit of sentiment of Jack's, who had been at one with Joe in regard to the killing. Ji-ssup eat at his desk, reading and re reading certain documents, with long pauses for thought atd comparison, until a late hour. He was thinking of ridding his brain of all complications and shutting up for the night, when his attention was arrested by a noise behind jhim. Ho swung round in his chair in time to see a man of about his own size and build enter, unceremoniously, by tho window, whioh he proceeded to close and fasten. Jessup watched him a moment silently, and then twirled himself hack to his desk. It was his wifo's brother. Jack (Hive. After securing the wiudow, Clive oaroo forward into the circle of lamplight and loanod ou the desk. He was a good-looking fellow, despite the too obvious traces of flissipatioa. His appearance now was dis ordered. : lie wore no coat, Ills cap was pulled down to his brows, and his breath carao hurriedlj-j like the breath of a man who has been running swiftly and for a good distance. With his loft hand and hia teoth, ho unfastened a bloody hondkorchiof from his rirhb wriafc. 'What's tho matter?' Jossup questioned, sharply. He had forborne to speak at first, thinking it probable, from his mode of entry that his brother-in-law might he under the influence of liquor. 1 Nothing/ the other roplied, shortly, 1 or rather I got a scratch in a sorimmage oat there,' jerking his head in the direction of the mining village. 'It don't amount to much, although ifa ugly to look at. Have you any stickiasr-plaster ? Ho dropped the handkerchief, as he spoke, aud pushed up his shirt- sleeve, disclosing a deep asb whioh extended from the wrist along the forearm. No sinews were cut, as Jack inferred by moving his wrist about, nor had tho main artery been severed, although tho wound blod abundantly. Jessup brought a basm of water from the pump outsido, swabbed tho cut with his handkerchief, and applied compression until tbe blood ceased flowing-, after whioh he plastered, and. hand- aged it. His face was serious aud his brows scowled, but his ministration was ready and bis touch gentle. Jack's recklessness had worn bis patience to frazzlea, but be still helped him, albeit augrily. (To BE OOHTIHUBD.J 