OT THE BAR parlor I was at Hie leroe,' said the Government Houso Man, 'on Mon flay, and met many old friends there. ? ' I noticed several myself,' said Mm Worm. 'The governor of tl,« gaol and a (W policemen.' 'I did not mean that sort I met some of onr overpaid Civil servants got up to kill. One fat party who i« a reecut imporlation to tins suffering- country looked nl'onh ns iiii-.nnir.italilo as bo «-'! insijr ificai.'. He ,Vtt!. Httired in red ami yr.liow triBsels and wore a sword. Every time he moved it got between his lops and tripped him.' ' He was not the only one,' &aid; the Editor. 'There 'were some high old leaders of fashion thore.' ' I'm sorry for the fashion,' re turned the Government. House Man, 'and if one only wanted a fair specimen of colonial vulgarity commend me to a reception of this kind when Her Majesty celebrates a hii thday.' ' I saw one very pompnus person there, ' said (hf Bottle-holder, 'whosn wifp, bad he have come horn* unexpectedly, would have furnished him with tome vpry cogent reasons for movim? tho court, for a decree urn.' ' Of fiin;li is our own sassiety rompijed,' murmured (ho Sunday Man, 'yet wo keep on paying them big saliuies to strike attitudes .for the Hem fit of the common herd.' ' I really believe some of them fancy that they are quite ornamen tal,' said the Worm. ' If the Government wa6 as use ful as these suckers of our blood are uelv we wonld have tho pen run throujrii pome columns of the eKtimatrs as soon as the House nits,' said the Snub Editor. ' But 'twas so in the beginning, and so it will remniu.' * ? # ' We lire in a peacefnl commu nity,' remarked the Police Court Reporter, 'yet wo constantly *ee paragraphs in tho columns of the Muckery as to how ' the most com plete order was kept,' and so »n. f;ne would think we were a rfice of barbarians.' ' 'We bavc the descendants of a few barbarians amongst us holding office at the present time. ' re marked the Editor. ' Doubtless ; but I am not speak ing of them. I am referring to the general public. One would think the public was made up of wild heists. We cau do without making casfls hot.' We might become so peaceful that there might uot. be any occa sion for us retaining any foorco at all if they did not stir things up a bit,' said Jim the Lnney. 'h is not the man. There are a few would-be ambitious persons of insignificance amongst, them who caunot. live without notoriety. They woolii like the dogs to ba:k as they pass by.' ' Our P.M. is down on ferocious clogs,' ssid the Sporting Reporter, '? for ha lined a poor woninn 'is. for keeping a dog without teeib.' '? Yes,' said tlio IWmain. 'Not- withstanding (hat the woman gave it Ihreo bulbs par week — at least we have her testimony, which in as good as anyone elm-V.' '1 could Miig lo that matter,' soliloquised the Poet, ' upon (he subject of this dentistry in the ker of one flat minor : Mary had a little do?, And hu v.ms ijuile :i pel : Anil Juki, three limes in erery «-?ek Old ilary hud him wet. Hip eu:it was ralh--r Ions and ilook, Ami liis grinder* very bail ; Wl lie me' a lad upon the etiu.-t Am! a uii of him Ik; hsrf. Our Mary came before t lie l.enk To :iiistvur for t lia.i mmc ; They liiiml her Mh-ii live fliiJJitifs for 'l'iiat iloy's own little game. ThiMlop he had no teeth to chaw It williiiK lie might be— Korwcnilnrv .iniruala Ale ever ;{;imn you mv. (ll-. wonl.l t wurpii little .(.jk With m-'i'i a IO--1 1. at- all: ]',l balk .nil yul|i Ij.iliiml ihe beak From ni(,'']i 'lil morning call. A liny lil lie K ll.it. iIi'k Wiili curly t.iil ami p-ane ; 1M (jet upon the plcecc-court tteps And bark and yelp ;ig:iin. And if they tied n can tn me And set me oil' to run : A;i Rciuu as tcr J jjnl it on I'd reeoinmeuce my fun, We'll sing, I ween, long live the Queen, J.o.i? live our uoak ns well ; Mny i:vcr he have tctll' to bill!, And n'elt IliO'feloldll. ? . ? : ' I tliipk,' said Jiin tbo Lphoy,'; ' the P.M. did quite *ight. I know a man— a regular howling swell— who keeps a dog jpgt. as big b, howler ns himself. Far into th,e night does ho disturb thn neighbors m Eitzroy PUoe with hia discor dant yells.' 'What do they feed him on, I wonder?' asked, the Sporting Re porter. « Perhaps they have giren him green tomatoes. It seems a pity to waste them, you know.' ' Maybe he bays at the moon,' hazarded the Barmaid. ' ^es ; the honeymoon,' said Jim tue Luney. ? ? ? ' I was stopping at a pub,' ob served the Sunday Man 'last week which was kept by an alleged widow.' b '? Tf. w rto yon me«n Rlletrod ?' unk.ii th At, I .... p,.W0I1/ ..A gra«s widow, I suppose.' 'No. Her husband was dead enough in all conscience for that matter; but it appears she got married again on the uly to a lodger who oime iulo a bit of tin over some mining opeculations. But this was on the quiet, and she atill retained her old name, which in over the pub door now. The hus band, who it seems is a fairly oon uding sort of a party, returned un expectedly the other evening from a visit to l-in mining claim, and Irom certnm i-ymptoms which he observed, decided to have a look at things in general.' 'Which to sny (he leant of h is common pmctice in married cir cies m Hobart at present,' re marktd the Gloomy Mun. Veiv likely. But he' had con siderable saspicions that the bar man was rather more familiar in hiB deportment than the occasion required or there was any necessity for, so stepped into my room and waited. Sure enough mv lady kedma tripped lightly up the stairs and entered her own room where the children were. The watcher's heart smote him with re morse and just as he was contem plating falling upon her neck and asking her forgiveness for his nn just suspicions he saw her come out again and waltz into the room of the pot- walloper. She only went into her own apartment to take out her false teeth.' ' I see our waudering corespon dent has returned to Hobart,' said the Insignificant Man. 'Your anecdote reminded me of his absence.' 'Will he return to his old lovs ?' queried the Worm. ' Hardly. It is said he had to part, up considerable to wtiggle out ' I thought he had obtained an appointment at the eonrt of the Mikado of Japan ?' remarked the Publisher. ' So did I. But the wanderer has returned. The worse half of tho old love went up North mining, bo I was told.' ' Surely after the smacking she got from him she would not attempt it again ?' ' Did she get smacked f' asked the Barmaid. ' He gave her a big walloping after be had collared the wanderer's stuff ho I'm told, and sent her up to her room to htop until she cooled down. A makeshift young party In vain Tiioil favors all round Tnntlain; W'anl oS. on his ear When things f;ot too ijuccr, i'.ut noH'he hascomu Hack again .' # * ? ' Hound about the Garden descent district,' said the Iusig niticaut Man, ' I hear they have a ghost.' ' Where did they get it from ?' atked the Worm. ' I don't know. I cannot tell you where they manufacture such things. But anyhow as a certain old parly was getting home late one evening he was in t erviewed by tw el ve little children, who tremblingly informed him t»at there was a ghost loose in his garden. Fiercely he strode forward to do battle with the spirit. Seizing a cudgel he strode iuto the shrubbery, and there suits enough was a tall white figure Hut tering towards him. Foramomeut his heart stood still aud the world grew dark before him. Then ho wpnt inside and took a nip. Forti fied thusly he strode forth into the night once more aud fell upon tho stranger. After a fierce contest he oveicame the spirit, which turned out to be a couple of pinafores hung up in a tree to dry. He after wards, hearing some strange noises issuing from a house hard by, made an entrance followed by tho young ? ' ' sters and demanded the surrender i of 1he spirit* in 'question. Not.1 having it del.ive.rod he repaired wit.h his pinafore spoil to tho police o-'mi I. , wbers he told a horrible tale. T..e Noosogotit next day, too. Now they call him the captain of the pina forps.' . ' Talking about ghosts,' n - marked j^ho Athletic Man, ' I heard of another case at Sandy Buy last, week myself. In a certain garden adjoining a lane a strange figure was reported to have been «een flitting by the shades of uight from tree to tree.' ' Someone after the ' apples' hazarded the Poet. ' So some of them fancied, only thqre were no apples missing. But one youth with more curiosity than was good for him laid in wait for the mysterious ligure. It didn't lii n up tlKf nigH, but. the o«vu«r of the garden did, aud ho had a stick with him too. If you'd hav9 heard that kiddy squeal you'd h,ivo fancied he'd struck all the ghosts out of Hades on that occa Bion.' * * # ' I was up at Porcett a few days ago,' said the Publisher, ' and the cricket club wound up a successful season with a great shivoo. There were some of the old bauds up that, way who objected to frolics in ony shape— there are some who would no', le! you laugh if they could help it.1' ' 'It is Tasmania,' put in the Gloomy Man, 'a land where no body I .u;»hs.' ' The local poet wrote quite a cantata upon it. The metre is rather long, and the event search of such viial importance as to warrant all this, yet, he goes in lemons. He calls it a ballad, and runs it out this way .- In frolicsome Forcot eo gorgeously gay Just two weeks ago As the local folks kuow, Tho cricket club wound up affaire in a war Thnt mod- tlio serene And quiet and green Old folks by condemning it create a scone. 1 wai i Saturday night ; And just as tho light Wib fading away on the hill* from the sight They spread themselves out Quitn ready no doubt To absorb all the fun, feed, and liquor about So with appetites grim They went in with a vim, Their feeding machines all in excellent trim. Well, after four hours of jolly carousing And einging and tolling of tales most arous Towards home at last Thoughts began to be cast. Just before daybreak, when nijht was near poet. Then an hour was spent at least, if not more, In bidding adieu, ' Here's another to you ' Towards the neat little town on Pittwater'e shore. The patient old moke was brought up to the door. When '* Mountain ' ascends Along with five friends, Tho trap, which could barely seat only four. The ride of John Gilpin was quiet and time, Insipid and wearisome, stupid and lame Compared with this home trip ; For in the first place the old whip, Tii en the rug, then the whisky flask (rare them the slip. What next disappeared would be a problem to you ; It was to the six Of those hearty old bricks JVboko talk on the homo trip consisted mostly of 'hies;' But when they were throurh A roil- or two Oh horror ! The drirer had disappeared too. The old horse knew The kind of load that he drew ror at that time ho was as wise as most of tho cretr— ; So he pulled up with a bump And would ne'er etir a etump Till the lost one had mounted again with a jump. And when thev'd inspected his uoso in a way, That, is as well as they could, H was soon understood Tlmt tlio Trust re the damaged road would hnvi' something (o say. Aud thin was the waj. As the Korcott folks nay, Tlio cricket club closed up their seaeon that day. Aud the boys— ah, well— A story can tell. How six of them did the trip to Sore-'ell. 