'A MODERN PYTHIAS. A grouip of tenuis players wer lon ?inrg iunder the locust trees li Lthe co oirs of a college. They had just luishei d the flflecrth "last gams of the seasoe," for sItloutgh Novtnmbtr'wad ncar, the weather remals;:-d like atmmer. It was litt'o Tod -Iiilttt who found hip breath tfrst, and broke thl silence "Huave you got O?cnqainttd with the new soplihyct--lFred ]lert n ? iecma to bea igenial sort.'. "Geinal !" eehoed his nearrrt neighbour, Clifford Dooe., in a tone of infillite disgust " What oldr-fasionod words you use, Mao I Phrase him in the modern languages, can't you?" S"Why, I mean he ist't stickish. IHe gets acquainted o asily, doesn't seem a bit Iomesick or forlorn, as thbo uw- fellows mostly are, lud takes hss sexamination like io much fun," S" You don't say I " rjaculated Lox Small, the champion athleto of the pchool, who spent so much time and es?rgy on gymnastics that little oas loft for mathematics " So," reassertled McNutt. " Uesas I'll get introduced. Ile might hell me out in trig," said Lot, thoughtfully. 'IThe, boys all laughel at this characteristic remstarl, and fairly lshouled when Shilrly Deane, tel " pet lamIb (,f the ilrck," ns Ie was called, sl o tell Iis colissi by hopIng " that the gills wtetrl iot guo crazy raer him." "''They will, I know," spoke up Clifford, t' or I :saw lo Ia:lrnarlt alktll wntlL h in Ihe lhrtry, anad tl, girls .ii fnllow her lead." "t. r a h5 , la r thli.. ?,.r younoig u ti sd,:[e the od ratiouinoI the girl aluslclts. llhich al, alt rwY 1 ? g since di coveroed, stid often discusscd at hl07rI private o, otiogs, " In union there ins itrenglh--my only axiom, gentlemen,," proclaimln d l.x. "A fellow has s.o burit,:s corning into this college two tmonths fIte, taking the Irot soeat in our clAns-rooms stad in our Le t girls' hearts. I propose we unite in downing this new tend objectionable person, every time, everywhere, rnld ill every pots:ble way !' "Agteed !" they shouled, MlcNutt adding, " I.ot's Igin light off I'll get introduced in or.ler to lilt the weak points. in his armour. Lon, go and look up hbi place in the class books. Cliff, prelpor to outslline lim in recitation to. mnrrow, and Shirtiy look after the soundness ol lthe girls hearts." So, lalughingly, they shouldered their rackets anil sountered into the house. ' Thus ondeth the fifteenth last gamo I" exolaimed Lex. " One woeli thinik on were ptoctising for the stage, with our nnmerous inr, well engagements. Supposeo, for achangr, Swe titn to our work as inveStigating colnmitter, and hear the report of members, iMac, lrst." Itnisiog himtoelf upon oneo elbotw MlcNutt " I got acquainlted with the now man and founld li was from New York. 11o didn't say whethter it wits the ttale or Cily; it Ifact, be has thellaek o.f lmaking na body talk, so l came away feeling that he knew more abot meon than I did of him, atd-thaot's ll." ' lie dildn't have a very good lesson this morning," put In Shirley, " and hoe rereed grean to lme-staring at every oeo who got up to rccite." \- -" Oh, new ones all do !" objected MleNutt. i One tihing I know," asserted Lox, cealmly i'roctefting amid tile llouts of " Hlear, hear !' ' :o has introdttuced hint to half of the girls already, and I intend giving iher my opinion of such forward. unladyliko conduct," S" Ile hasn't shownl perfertonet for ally. so far," said MlcNutt, Ihoughtfully serit lill the seeds from the grasses rounttd hii, n blut it beats oni Len.. farey tie itos for that ntlt di Jackl Stokes, bsamtttauVltt O no lti s. I Oh," yawnrd Clifford, " we ar gossiping as they do at a ladic" tea party. Let's have another gmlt by way of practice." I ?Vhile these count rnaliouls were being he'dl oil the lawn, the nmuch..isceuod student, -Fred Ilhra-tn, was fast bring initiated into the life of the college. All that the uartlelto of r.,viouo fellown had said of hint wai Itine, whieh is leeore than catl be oasseted of tlmat gorslp. Never had the college walls held a student so pojpulit in so short a space of troe. The girls ravid over his manlitess and good looks, while his ability and joviality won the more reluctant rtsptct and good will of the boys. r All were amazed, hunerier, that he should form so ardent n frienh,.hip with J.ck Stokes, a .student far front popoulr amtlong them. tHy-and bye they were looming together, and their deul became headqluarto rs for all the fni going. I Here it was that the the boys cengroegted t It plait the ir frst sluigh-irllde chose aidtes for a gol[f atch: tlctoid thiir ghost to attendt the girls' lea party; Iheld imiprompltu debaters, sil wrote essays for ontu otlother. S?venn tlokes biecnae " illumined with n r fleeted i:opulatity," as Lt ; grmnltily ralled it, and was invited tveryr hero his roradle was By times he was the life of the eonlltpny ; tilt lit was a litfdl gleall, and lie ilnvariably relopsti intio a morbid gloom. Weeks passed ntaking liltle change in ti:( social affairs of the College; one night, Lowever, a strange pltuoesaloa nOUlltd its ,way through the grounds, and only tilt crunchfug of ice.rovered rnow brorke the still(ess, The bell boy shrieked with tInor whot hu openeid the door to rereoiv a group of men bearing two uncorecious bodies, They had lone out, a lively crewr, in a fourl-hrse sleigh ;but through fright or recklesas dritinlg the horses had arrired thent over all emhanllt ,went, willth this awful rnllt, Mlany note rill landbrnlised, chile Cliffolrd lDolo had a Itr brokell, and Jack Mfhikts was iiterlllnlly ijuil!ld. I oon thele llas hiirl-ylg I-nillodfro, sI lit excitemellnt was for lil nte nItl, Cli olrd n. conditionl ws painful, illt is sict.very was eonly a questlion ll liime ; lahrk's li li, hovtr, o swnig in till' Mialllit ter a aI y dI ys. I)llurn'g that lim / livo ull Ii las aC in rle?n ralilber tlhan deslert hims fri otld. '1hit I llLet -,r olil slr'ftil t i r Ioukild lt one Another to onu pl ti e, ?n , 1il tt lut 1 h t lisuerinlg, " A verithlit l oll n eti t I'yill tin t cse"e," . lie bad h1 oman way, en usual, night aftes niglht knvlllhili thuo IIIII-heriteld ontes wi oiffered to teliuve til it. i I l After a iday it1 i li ital itl(rii ng a ll l t conistiut niltiidrtn,, Il the dico., w!nn r fked wasnlet lt ioie itilh t?-leick anil.illI ck tyintls white icel tuoarllii? him id I il ?tidt vi lull I Thiline idllc r hIlit gieui n t ne iilu,I ,tiiV', y tui"ll' i"Ni, indeed!" ,iies tihi qulick antswer, "'?ill, I iouhl lprepi ll.,n for the worst, Jalk 'Tull ie ll nythinh g thiat Ulr llens ylllr nijlds."l " I unlertruno- iand I'," inot readIy to dlit ither, fur I hloeli't lied rightll, aii?l the Inun curit might sidlfer bt, r,, ?ar of i1e. Can )olu knit a icclret l Draw n. els cer Land I wll It lll yet one." PIt talkd funk I a In c0g'Illy In wliprnr IltlL rill lsaw His trenllth wa" 11 1iea l ani d flll torl ' y iy m a t ,pI l ?e , oe n i h i i n i to t lr e i b hl n g 11 T'iat Bill do. Ful o ihis and gu to aleck And inhlI, theo iel 1itII, Ilid dolne it, s Iotk, thi " J'yllih .. ", sil I, ly a ml x.,,-d Iia h Innu, yt ienIed a W ild IhII 11 t · na 11 00 I,) , I" "Nll lll nld its toldheietsun II ?, il,,r, ~.I' Ilallh blo?,d a iilllly IIln d I h,,h I ' .h ,1i . Ah, illi v alt we roll Ir'nlll lllllip ! W hat i i h I i l : it i. 10,In 1111 ,,1 i t, ,,, .i e is ,,11 l , fit,, hIn, hIn l 0oull, ip relll I , In . ' ihii e 1I il'll Ib r 1 ltailel , ran')let t 'l l lI i,i h ea , i 'ia ih II,, ?h,,l, I y ie 1,6I il " i t,, le i t li b 11 , .l hI n ll , 0,, 1, 1 .... dl, I, IIn h , Ih , n I: 1 ,': ,"! \ ' I" ' I t ,,,,, Ih,, ? shl , h,.1l Ilalwo, *. 11b, ? h 'Ii , t sli, ,~ I In , h ill ",utin g II i I thobbn ' l In " ' 1~I,1 IL t hI'," 1I,'hi i1 n- li to, llh, J, 1 it s.,ei)'" I I ", You're right, Masc," was the answer, " ieccr saw scrlh an s xpression on a montal's face. Ioe could't haveo looked ulthappler if Ihe ornl to be hang, cad you'd have expected hinm to b theb jollirst one of the crowd. Oh, wt II, Illrsea's a illa'e we might as Noll givo t firast ns last, and t'm too shelpy to ,:llk, anyway ; Io gel down, and donl't venture auotht r word I,. night." Souo he was snaorig, at quter little lclitdish anoro, and BleNutt dropped off with a smild on hie faco. A week efterwar, itoke appeared for the first lilte in the clasharoomt, lnrtse fulluwlug, ind looking far the paler of tihe two. ThIe professor enltered, and was about to beginl the recitation when Fred stelpped to thedrek, and laytig donw some i'pers said audibly : " Will you examine these, and vouch for their correatuts " Thti; facing Itiokes, hI said in a clear voicl, "hfhorgo tSlover, it the usnlo of t.e lanw I arrest you on thl charge of forgery committed thre, years oge in Dltulto, Now York Youl have contellled in. your trunk--whieh is now in the Ilhaudl of the au'horit:es-four thousand tllrce hundrei dollars; braidls, you have freely confessed thit rrilme to Ine, As a dtelctivoI (tthrowuieg opel his roll to show Ithe star), t I traced yot hete, but havingl to prove your gKlilt I entered as e tllod t andll btramrne yor dlily eompanllsiotl 'This you all know, so there is notltinl for ntt to add a xc pt Iperlhla a few perrson:l woird iellow e?stsdtsl, it has Iten a tt ian part I have piln)oe, and tlta daily rhceptotn has been a?litset tonesl.durable, still it was nt ceCssary, Osenchlone can see. Wheln Jack was'sick -1 wi'ol;e, t.ht Io save Limsel the dliogroee sl tlihe penally--ol, I niohed in aln herl he ligcli die " There was a pitfull pa1use, in whirl no one seemed to hnalhe, thln he wllth un, " , liHd he died then no one, boull ever hrve attached the crime to him, sod I would have disrpappeaed from this collego nos ushluly ai 1 Sappeared. The sherilt is in the hall. We my u't go." Jack, who had risi, at 'red'sr iralt ords. otepptd foroard and csid ill a miolly voico S" It is true. I am guilty. Rlelieve me, hoys, I would rather beslvilg out my t ltrllce whlleor I belong than here stmong the innocent. Allyshero in a pionll will reltolre it ol't Irheart, and perhaps when this cr0me is ntoned for, all I come to Inco death ag in, it will nol t he so hard. Forget me, Jo andll all. Uood lthere were no more lcsson? learned it college that day, ld no .laughter for a week. AftIle discring thet Iatt, r for the four hIndrel'th atime, Shirley 110ne turnedto the group of girls alnd said sharply 0'" And lnsroen wan mnerited, too. Ile toll mee 0s at the depot, and ? idJ he huoe Ithe girl It would not cry, but I lhoe you will, and that it will be a lesson to everyone of you! " . . . . . 