HERE and There BY "JAPONICA." "Rejoice and be exceedingly glad," for "tidings of great joy" has come to us from the Mulgoa Council. The muddy way to Luddenham (don't spell it with a B.) is at last taken over. Surely profanity will be heard no more in all the region round about. The teamster will lay down his whip and cease to cuss, and every old horse and bul lock will get fat right away now. If the poor old things could speak, what a heart rendering tale they might tell of their journeyings to and fro on this dismal track; and how painful, too, it must be for the teamsters to be compelled to drive loaded drays day after day in such a bog. I remember one evening in the winter of 1887, I was travelling along there, mounted upon Alf. Colless' celebrated monumental horse, "Roney," The shades of night were falling darkly upon the landscape in the neighbourhood of Heaton's Gate, and the birds in the woods were sighing and sobbing, probably on that account. When all of a sudden "Roney" began to snort and shiver, and stride backwards so very stupidly that I came very near coming to grief. Soon I heard someone groaning in a smothered voice, in the middle of the road. Dismount ing, I approached, and there was a poor unfortunate old fellow almost immersed in a thick mud puddle. He had been there for hours, so he said, and was too weak to extricate himself. I lifted his head gently up, and packed it so to keep him from smothering, and was just starting for Schneider's for help, when I noticed a light moving along, and soon I heard voices. It was the doctor and two others with him. One man was leading a horse with trace chains, the doctor was carrying an American axe. I followed back to where the poor old chap was lying, groaning. The doctor examined him for a few seconds, then pro ceeded to bash his brains into a pulp. It was only Buckley's old grey horse "Requiscat in York's Bush." ######## I doubt very much if ever this road will be a success until it is ballasted, that is, of course, so long as there is continuous heavy traffic upon it. We all know that a part of it, near Heaton's gate, was metalled once, and became the very worst part of the road; the wheels sunk through it and made it worse to pull through than mud Certainly £1200, together with the little each borough will add to it, would not go far in the matter of ballasting. Yet, I think it would be better to do a mile or two well than the whole length indiffer ently. The ballast could be got on the York Estate surely, then the cartage would be a mere nothing, and the quarrying would not be costly, since any lengths and shapes of stone would do so long as they were reasonably flat. All the principal roads on the sandy flats in the Botany electorate are ballasted at a cost of £10 per chain, and the distance of cartage is four miles. These roads, blinded with metal and mullock, can't be beat. ###### The Rev. A.C. Corlette's sermon, touch ing the history of the old Church at St Marys, was very interesting to young and old, more especially to those who were old Churchgoers long before Mr. Corlette's time. My earliest recollections go back to Elijah Smith's incumbency, with Edward Lincoln as Clerk; and I fancy I can hear his loud "Amen" now and his dear voice ringing out, "Let us sing to the praise and glory of God the 28rd Psalm." Then the old Seraphin, engineered by J K Lethbridge, and the Choir, behind the screen in the north-west corner, would move into melody, and poor old Lidiard who sat just in front of me, would sing the Psalm in his own peculiar way, something like when the rushing mighty winds blow down the neck of an empty bottle. One Sabbath morning, when the seraphinist was absent and the choristers were few, the clergyman suggested that he would read instead of singing it, but old Mr. Lidiard, who was very hard of hear ing, concluded things were jigging along as usual, stood up, quite unconscious that the rest of the congregation were seated, and went right through with it. On special occasions they have solos in churches now but they don t compare with old Lidiard's rendering of "We Praise Thee O Lord" without music. What curious high box pews there were then, so select and reserved. If one felt like going to sleep you could easily do lt quite unobserved by the worship pers next door It was customary for children to stand upright on the seats just to let them have a look about, and it was the means of keeping them quiet too. Looking back thirty-five years, it seems but a week ago when I stood and counted and recounted the fifty eight panes of glass in the large oval top window in the north end of the church, or watched a March fly im paled on a blade of grass, the work of a naughty cruel boy slowly wing its way along the cracked ceiling past the pulpit, and finally flop down on the the Communion Table. When the Rev. John Vaughan took charge he knocked the top and bottom out of this ancient pile, and made things fairly hum for a while. The old Church was re-floored and re-roofed, externally and internally renovated. Whether or not the good people were eternally benefited is another question. At any rate it never seemed the same Sacred place afterward to me; it somehow took the shape of a mere gospel dispensary on strict business lines. It was pleasant to read Mr. Corlette's sermon, and such old familiar names in rotation, but poor Anderson was left out (a mere inadvertence of course). We all remember the flourish of trumpets at his induction, and the borrowed assistance of city pulpit orators to prepare the way and make his paths straight. The parishioners were not at all anxious for a catechist but they had no choice in the matter. He was pitchforked onto them against their will, and subsequently thrust away again very much against their wish. The late Rev. J. Barnier was most emphatic in pro nouncing him a "good Christian." " Pray for him," he said, " and assist him ; he is an ambassador for Christ, and he could not be any more if he was a Bishop." Just so I my little friend: "When humbugs are our theme, Let satire be our song." ####### Looking over Larry Draper's diary on page 126 I notice the following: The bricks in the new Church on the hill were made at Dunheved, by a convict servant of Captain King's, nick-named "Bravo Jemmy and "Bill Baxter," a new chum Englishman carted the most of them. Then again, on the same page, Jan. 11th, 1840, "Went pigeon shooting in King's Bush; came across Tom Hughes splitting short slabs. Asked him if they were to fence in a piggery. "No," said Tom, " They be shingles for the new Church." They look mighty big ones then ; what will you get a thousand for them ?" "Well," said Tom, "I took the job to split them and put them on for 10s a square. The specifications didn't mention neither the length nor width; I am cutting them all 4ft. long and as wide as I can get them." Every old resident of St. Marys remembers the " big" shingles. ######## We learn from the Mulgoa correspondent of the NEPEAN TIMES that the new bridge at Blaxland's Crossing has been christened with whisky, and will be henceforth known as "Frazer's Bridge." May the ghosts of Wentworth, Lawson and Blaxland, together with all the restless spirits of departed colonists, haunt the bridge for ever and ever, or longer than that. Fancy Frazer's Bridge. What in the name of fortune has anyone by the name of Frazer done in this colony that an old historic crossing should be spanned with a bridge of that name. When this bridge is finished the inhabitants of Mulgoa should take a holiday and re- christen it Blaxland's Bridge, in honor of the first white man who crossed the spot in 1813, and perilled his life in trying to find a path across the then unknown Blue Mountains.' "Just you go tell them from me." 