PHROSO. By ANTHONY HOPE, AUTHOR OF "THE PRISONER OF ZENDA." CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) (The last portion of this chapter was inadvertently omitted yesterday. We therefore give it to-day.) "It's out of the question that you should marry him. I'm going to get him hanged; and, anyhow, it would be atrocious." She smiled at that; but then she leaned for- ward and asked. "And how long have you provisions for?" "That's a good retort," I admitted. "A few days, that's all. And we can't get out to procure any more, and we can't go on shooting, because the wood's infested with these ruff—I beg pardon — with your countrymen." "Then it seems to me," said Euphrosyne, "that you and your friends are more likely to be hanged." Well, on a dispassionate consideration, it did seem more likely, but she need not have said so. And she went on, with equally discouraging good sense. "There will be a boat from Rhodes in about a month or six weeks. The officer will come then to take the tribute; perhaps the Governor will come. But till then nobody will visit the island, unless it be a few fishermen from Cyprus." "Fishermen? Where do they land? At the harbor?" "No. My people do not like them, though the Governor threatens to send troops if we do not let them land. So they come to a little creek at the opposite end of the Island, on the other side of the mountain. Ah, what are you thinking of?" As Euphrosyne perceived, her words had put a new idea into my mind. If I could reach that creek and find fishermen and persuade them to help me, or to carry me and my party off, that hanging might happen to the right man after all. "You're thinking you can reach them?" she cried. "You don't seem sure that you want me to," I observed. "Oh, how can I tell what I want? If I help you I am betraying the Island. If I do not—" "You'll have a death or two at your door, and you'll marry the biggest scoundrel in Europe," said I. She hung her head and plucked fretfully at the embroidery in the neck of her dress. "But, anyhow, you couldn't reach them," she said. "You are close prisoners here." That, again, seemed true; so true, that it put me in a very bad temper. Therefore I rose, and leaving her without much ceremony, strolled into the kitchen. Here I found Watkins dressing the cow's head, Hogvardt surrounded by knives, and Denny lying on a rug on the floor, with a small book, which he seemed to be reading. He looked up with a smile which he considered knowing. "Well, what does the captive queen say?" he asked with levity. "She proposes to marry Constantine," I answer- ed, and added, quickly, to Hogvardt, "What's the game with these knives, Hog?" "Well, my lord," said Hogvardt, surveying his dozen murderous instruments, "I thought there was no harm in putting an edge on them, in case we should find a use for them," and he fell to grinding one with great energy. "I say, Charley, I wonder what this yarn's about. I can't construe half of it. It's in Greek, and It's something about Neopatia; and there's a lot about a Steffanopoulos." "Is there? Let's see," and, taking the book, I sat down to look at it. It was a slim old book, bound in calfskin. The Greek was written in antique style; it was verse. I turned to the title page. "Hallo, this is rather interesting," I ex- claimed. "It's about the death of old Steffan- opoulos—the thing they sing that song about, you know." In fact, I had got hold of the poem which One- eyed Alexander composed. Its length was about 300 lines, exclusive of the refrain which the islanders had chanted, and which was inserted six times, occurring at the end of each fifty lines. The rest was written in rather barbarous iambics — and the sentiments were quite as barbarous as the verse. It told the whole story, and I ran rapidly over it, translating here and there for the benefit of my companions. The arrival of the Baron de Eyonville recalled our own with curious exactness, except that he came with one servant only. He had been taken to the inn as I had, but he had never escaped from there, and had been turned adrift the morning after his arrival. I took more interest in Stefan, and followed eager- ly the story of how the islanders had come to his house and demanded that he should revoke the sale. Stefan, however, was obstinate; it lost the lives of four of his assailants before his house was forced. Thus far I read, and expected to find next an account of a melee in the hall. But here the story took a turn unexpected by me; one that might make the reading of the old poem more man a mere pastime. "But when they had broken in," said One-eyed Alexander, "behold the hall was empty and the house empty. And they stood amazed. But the two cousins of the lord, who had been the hottest in seeking his death, put all the rest to the door and were themselves alone in the house; for the secret was known to them who were of the blood of the Steffanopouloi. Unto me the bard it is not known, yet men say they went beneath the earth, and there in the earth found the lord. And certain it is they slew him, for in a space they came forth to the door bearing his head; and they showed it to the people, who answered with a great shout. But the cousins went back, bar- ring the door again; and again, when but a few minutes had passed, they came forth and opened the door, and the elder of them, being now by the traitor's death become lord, bade the people in and made a great feast for them. But the head of Stefan none saw again; nor did any see his body; but body and head were gone, whither none know, saving the noble blood of the Steffan- opouloi; for utterly they disappeared, and the secret was securely kept." I read this passage aloud, translating as I went. At the end Denny drew a breath. "Well, if there aren't ghosts in this house there ought to be," he remarked. "What the deuce did those rascals do with the old gentle- man, Charley?" "It says they went beneath the earth." "The cellar," suggested Hogvardt, who had a prosaic mind. "But they wouldn't leave the body in the cel- lar," I objected, "and if, as this fellow says, they were only away a few minutes, they couldn't have dug a grave for it. And then, it says that they 'There in the earth found the lord.' " "It would have been more interesting," said Denny, "if they'd told Alexander a bit more about it. However, I suppose he consoles himself with his chant again?" "He does. It follows immediately on what I've read, and so the thing ends." And I sat looking at the little yellow volume. "Where did you find it, Denny?" I said. "Oh, on a shelf in the corner of the hall, be- tween the Bible and a 'Life of Byron.' " I got up and walked back to the hall. I looked round. Euphrosyne was not there. I inspected the hall door, it was still locked on the Inside. I mounted the stairs, and called at the door of her room; when no answer came I pushed it open and took the liberty of glancing round; she was not there. I called again, for I thought she might have passed along the way over the hall and reached the roof, as she had done before. This time I called loudly. Silence followed for a moment. Then came an answer in a hurried, ra- thor apologetic tone. "Here I am." But then— the answer came not from the direction that I had expected, but from the hall, and, looking over the balustrade, I saw Euphrosyne sitting in the armchair. "This," said I, going downstairs, "taken in con- junction with this," and I patted One-eyed Alex- ander's book, which I held in my hand, "is certainly curious and suggestive." "Hero I am," said Euphrosyne, with an air that added, "I've not moved. What are you shouting for?" "Yes, but you weren't there a minute ago," I observed, reaching the hall and walking across to her. She looked disturbed and embarrassed. "Where have you been?" I asked. "Must I give an account of every movement?" said she, trying to cover her confusion with a show of haughty offence. The coincidence was a really remarkable one. It was as hard to account for Euphrosyne's dis- appearance and re-appearance as for the vanished head and body of old Stefan. I had a conviction —based on a sudden intuition that one explana- tion must lie at the root of both these curious things—that the secret of which Alexander spoke was a secret still hidden—hidden from my eyes, but known to the girl before me, the daughter of the Steffanopouloi. "I won't ask you where you've been if you don't wish to tell me," said I, carelessly. She bowed her head in recognition of my indulgence. "But there is one question I should like to ask you," I pursued; "if you'll be so kind as to answer it." "Well, what it is?" "Where was Stefan Steffanopoulos killed, and what became of his body?" And as I put my question I flung One-eyed Alexander's book open on the table beside her. Sho started visibly, crying, "Where did you get that?" I told her how Denny had found it, and I added, "Now, what does beneath the earth mean? You are one of the house, and you must know." "Yes, I know; but I must not tell you. We are all bouud by the most sacred oath to tell no one." "Who told you?" "My uncle. The boys of our house are told when they are fifteen, the girls when they are sixteen. No one else knows." "And why is that?" She hesitated, fearing perhaps that her answer would itself tend to betray the secret. "I dare tell nothing." she said. "The oath binds me; and It binds everyone of my kindred to kill me if I break it." "But you've no kindred left except Con- stantine," I objected. "He is enough. He would kill me." "Sooner than marry you?" I suggested rather maliciously. "Yes, if I broke the oath." "Hang the oath!" said I impatiently. "The thing might help us. Did they bury Stefan some- where under the house?" "No, he was not buried," she answered. "Then they brought him up and got rid of his body when the islanders had gone?" "You must think what you will." "I'll find it out," said I, "If I pull the house down in the process. Is it a secret door or—" She had colored at the question. I put the latter part in a low, eager voice, for hope had come to me. "Is it a way out?" I asked, leaning over to her. She sat mute, but irresolute, embarrassed and fretful. "Heavens!" I cried, Impatiently, "It may mean life or death to all of us, and you boggle over your oath!" My rude impatience met with a rebuke that it perhaps deserved. With a glance of the utmost scorn, Euphrosyne asked coldly. "And what are the lives of all of you to me?" "True, I forgot," said I with a bitter politeness. "I beg your pardon. I did you all the service I could last night, and now I and my friends may as well die as live! But, by God; I'll pull this place to ruin, but I'll find your secret!" I was walking up and down now in a state of some excitement. My brain was fired with the thought of stealing a march on Constantine through the discovery of his own family secret. Suddenly Euphrosyne gave a little soft clap with her hands. It was over in a minute, and she sat blushing, confused, trying to look as if she had not done it at all. "What did you do that for?" I asked, stopping in front of her. "Nothing," said Euphrosyne. "Oh, I don't believe that," said I. She looked at me. "I didn't, mean to do it," she said again. "But can't you guess why?" "There's too much guessing to be done here, said I impatiently; and I started walking again. But presently I heard a voice say softly and in a tone that seemed to address nobody in particular — me least of all. "We Neopatians like a man who can be angry— and I began to think you never would." "I am not the least angry, said I with great indignation. "I hate being told that I am angry, when I am merely showing firmness. Now at this protest of mine Euphrosyne saw fit to laugh— the most hearty laugh she had given since I had known her. The mirthfulness of it undermined my wrath. I stood still opposite her, biting the end of my moustache. "You may laugh." said I, "but I am not angry; and I shall pull this house down—or dig it up— in cold blood, in perfectly cold blood." "You are angry," said Euphrosyne, "and you say you're not. You are like my father. He would stamp his foot furiously like that, and say 'I am not angry, I am not angry, Phroso.' " "Phroso!" I had forgotten that diminutive of my guest's classical name. It rather pleased me, and I repeated gently after her, Phroso, Phro- so!" and I'm afraid I eyed the little foot that had stamped so bravely. "He always called me Phroso. Oh, I wish he were alive! Then Constantine—" "Since he isn't," said I, sitting by Phroso (I must write it. It's a deal shorter), by Phroso's elbow. "Since he isn't, I'll look after Constan- tine. It would be a pity to spoil the house, wouldn't it?" "I've sworn," said Phroso. "Circumstances alter oaths, said I, bending till I was very near Phroso's ear. "Ah," said Phroso, reproachfully, "that's what lovers say when they find another more beautiful than their old love." I shot away from Phroso's ear with a sudden backward start. Her remark somehow came home to me with a very remarkable force. I got off the table, and stood opposite to her in an awkward and stiff attitude. "I am compelled to ask you for the last time if you will tell the secret," said I, in the coldest of tones. She looked up with surprise; my altered man- ner may have well amazed her. She did not know the reason of it. "You asked me kindly and— and pleasantly, and I would not. Now you ask me as if you threat- ened," she said, "is it likely I should tell you now?" Well, I was angry with myself and with her because she had made me angry with myself, and the next minute I became furiously angry with Denny, whom I found standing in the doorway that led to the kitchen with a grin of intense amusement on his face. "What are you grinning at?" I demanded fiercely. "Oh, nothing," said Denny, and his face strove to assume a prudent gravity. "Bring a pickaxe," said I. Denny's face wandered towards Phroso. "Is she as annoying as that?" he seemed to ask. "A pickaxe?" He repeated in surprised tones. "Yes, two pickaxes! I'm going to have this floor up, and see if I can find out the great Steffanopoulos secret." I spoke with an accent of intense scorn. Again Phroso laughed; her hands beat very softly against one another. Heavens, what did she do that for when Denny was there, watching everything with those shrewd eyes of his? "The pickaxe!" I roared. Denny turned and fled; a moment elapsed. I did not know what to do— how to look at Phroso or how not to look at her. I took refuge in flight. I rushed into the kitchen in pretence of aiding or hastening Denny's search. I found him taking up an old pick that stood near the door leading to the compound. I seized it from his hand. "Confound you!" I cried, for Denny laughed openly at me; and I rushed back to the hall. But on the threshold I paused, and said what I will not write. For, though there came from somewhere just the last ripple of a mirthful laugh, the hall was empty! Phroso was gone! I flung the pickaxe down with a clatter on the boards, and ex- claimed in my haste, "I wish to heaven I'd never bought this island!" But I did not really mean that. (To be continued.) 