Sermon for Christmas. His Name Immanuel. BYTHELATE REV. 0. H. SPURGEON. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. and bear a ion, and ahull call His name Immanuel.— Isaiah 11\. H. The Kingdom of Judah was in a condition of imminent peril ; two monurolia hod leagued against hor ; two nations had risen up for her destruction. Syria nud Israel were come against tlio walls of Jerusalem, with full intent to razo thorn to the ground, or utterly destroy that monarchy. Alias, tho king, in groat trouble, exerts ull his mgonuity to dofond tho oity : and amongst the other con trivances which his wisdom taught him, ho thought it fit to out oft tho wators of tlia upper pool, so that tho bosiogots might bo in distress for want of wator. Ho goes out iti tho morning, no doubt attended by his courtiers, aud goes to the conduit of the pool, intending to sco after tho ' stoppage of tho stream of water ; hut, lo ! ho meets with something which sets aside his plans, rondoring them needless. Isulah stops forward, and tells him not to bo afraid of tho smoke of those two iirobrands, for . God Shall Utterly Destroy both tho nations that liud risou up against him ; that he need not fear tho present inva sion, for botli himsolf and his kingdom should be saved. Ahuz looked at Isaiah with an eye of incredulity, us much as to say, " If tho Lord wcro to send chariots from heaven, could such a thing as this be P Should he animate tho dust, and quickon ovory stone in Jerusalem to resist my foes, could that bo done, eould I escape?" Isuiuli, seeing the littleness of his faith, tells him to nek a sign. " Ask it," says he, " in the heavens above ; lot the sun go back his ten degrees, or lot tho inaon stop in hor midnight murclics ; lot tho stars movo athwart tho sky in grand procession ; usk suy sign you plcuso in the lieavons above, or, if you wish, ohoose the curth boncnth ; let tho dopths give forth the sign ; lot some mighty waterspout lose its wuy across the pathless occun, and travel through tho uir to Jerusalem's very gates ; let tho licuvona shower a golden rain, instead of tho watery fluid which usually they distil ; ask that tho fleece may bo wot upon tho dry floor, or dry in tho midst of dow ; whatsoever you please to request, tho Lord will grant it for tho con firmation of your faith." Ahaz, instead of accepting this olfor with pU gratitudo, as ho should liavo done, with a yrotonded humility declares that ho will not ask, noithor will ho tcinpt, tho Lord his God. Whoroupon, Isaiuli, waxing indignant, tolls him that since ho will not, in obedience to God's command, ask a sign, behold tho Lord Himself will givo him ono — not simply is sign, but the sign, The Sion aud Wonder or the World, tho mark of God's mightiest mystery and of His consummate wisdom. For " a virgin ahull concoive, and bear a son, and shull cull His namo Inmmiiuol." It has been said that the pusBngo I havo taken for iny text is, in soma rospoots, a diffi cult one. It may bo. I certainly did not think it was so until I saw what tho com mentators liud to say about it, and I rose up from reading them porfeotly confused. It is certain that the cvungolist Muttliew, quoting this very pnssugo, says, "As it is written, Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a ton, and shall call His namo Iminanuol." And it is evident that Immanuel, who was hero predicted to he born, eould not be a rooro simple man ; for if you turn to tho noxt chapter, at tho 8th verso, you find it said, "Ho shall pass through Juduh; Ho shall overflow and go over ; He shall reach even to the ncek ; and the strotching out of hia wings shall fill the breadth of thy lund, 0 Im manuel." Hero is a government ascribed to Immanuel, which could not bo if wo woro to suppose that tho Iminanuol hero spoken of was any ordinary mortal. Indeed, such a viow would bo fur below tho height of this great urgumont. It docs not speak, or allow us to speak, ouo-hulf of tho wondrous depth which couched beneath Tnis Miqiity Passaqe. One viow of tho text, which is tlio most pnpulur of all, is to rcfor tho passage, first of all, to somo child that was thou to bo born, and afterwards, in thu highest uenso, to our blessed Lord Jesus Christ. Porhaps this is tho truo sense of it ; porhaps this is tlio host way of smoothing difficulties. But I do think, lind I novcr read thoso hooks at all, but simply como to tho Bible, without know ing what any man hnd written upon it, I should havo said, " Tkoro is Christ bora as plainly as possible ; naver could His namo Lave beon written moro legibly." I shall tako my text, tliorofore, as concern ing Jesus Christ ; and lot us coimncnco with tho birth, " Bohold, a virgin shall coiicoivu, and boar a son." Tho birth ! "Lot us go oven unto Bothlohom, mid seo this groat sight," unid tho shephords. " Lot us follow the star in thu sky," Said tho eastern magi. And so lot us go and stand by tho manger, to bohold tho commencement of tho iiiournntion of Jesus. Lot us soo tho time when first God enveloped Himsolf in mortal form, and taber nacled among tho sous of men. Lot us not blush to go to so humble u spot. Lot us I stand by that grotto, that cave in tho sido of I tlio rook, and lotus see Josus Christ, tho. Han-God, beconio an infant. I 1. And, first, wo see here, in speaking of I this birth, I A Miraculous Conception. I Tlio text says expressly, "Bohold, a virgin |i shall conceive, and hear u son." This ox- I' pression is unparalleled in Snared Writ. Of no other woman could it bo snid besido tho Virgin Mury ; and of no other man could it ho written that his mother was a virgin. Tlio Grcok word nnd tho Hobrew nra both vory expressive of tho true and real virginity of the inpthor, to show us that Jesus Olirist was 1 born of a woman, and not of man. Wo shall i.ot onlurgo upon tho thought, hut still it is in important one, und ought not to ho passed over without mention. Just us tho wotnun, by licr venturous spirit, stopped first into transgression, God, in His wisdom, devised that the woman, lost she should bo despised aud trampled upon, and the womun alono, should bo tho uutlicr of tho body of tho Man-God who should rodecm mankind. Alkcltthatshohersolf first tasted tho accursed fruit, and tempted hor husband (it may be thut Adum, out of loro to hor, tasted that fruit), lest sho should bo degraded, lest she should not stand on an equality with him, God had ordaiucd thut so it should ho — that His Son should bo sent forth " born of a woman und tho first promiso run, " Tho seed of tho woman," not tho seed of the man, " shall hraisa tho serpent's head." i And, moreover, there wus a peculiar tyiedom, that Jeaus Christ should be The Son op the Woman, and not of tho man, because, had Ho been horn of the flesh, " that which is bom of tile flesh is flesh," and merely flesh, and He would naturally, by eurnal gonorution, liavo inhoritcd all tlio frailties, and tho infirmities, aud tho sins whioh man hutli from his birth, v Ho would havo beon " eoncoivod in Bin, aud : shnpen in iniquity, " oven us tbo rest of us ; ; ana, therefore, Ho was not horn of man ; i 1 but tho Holy Ghost ovorslmdowod tho Virgin Mary, and He stands, therefore, as tho only j mun, savo ono who camo forth pare from His Makor's hands— who could ever say, "I 1 am pure." , Aye, and Ho could say far more than that r ! ailior Adam concerning His purity ; for Ho I maintained His integrity, and novcr lot it go, I and from His birth do .vn to His dcuth Ho I know no sin, noithor was guilo found in his I lips. Oh, marvellous sight ! A ohild of a I virgin 1 Let us stand and look at it. What I » mixture 1 Tlioro is tho finite nnd tho in- I finite ; there is tho mortal and tho immortal, I inrruntlon and hicorrupfiou, tho manhood itnd the Godhead s time married to eternity, H God linked with a orcnture ; tho infinity of I the august: Maker come to tubonmola on this \- spook of earth ; tho vast, unbounded One, , wbmn earth could not hold and heavens H: cannot am tain, lying in liis mother's arms; He who fastened thopillors oftho universe, on a mortal breast, dopondent on a creature for nourishment ! Oh, murvollous birth 1 Oh, miraculous conception ! Wo stand, and gaze, and admire. Verily, angels may wish to look Into a subject too deep for us to speak of. There wo louvo it. A virgin hath con ceived, and homo a son. . 2. In this birth, moreover, having noticed the miraoulous conception, we must notice hoxt The Huublk Pabentaob. It docs not say a princess shall conceive and bear u son, hut a ' virgin." Hor virginity was her highest honour ; she hod none othor. Truo, alio was of royal liueugo : she could reckon David utnong hor forefsthors, and Solomon amongst those who stood in tho tree of hor genealogy. She wus u woman not to ho despised, albeit that I speak of humble parentage ; for she was of tho blood royal of .Tudon. Oil, Babe ! in Thy veins there runs tho blood of kings ; the blood of an undent monnroby fiudH its way from Thy li'cnrt all through tho rourscs of Thy body ! Thou wast born not of moun Jmronta, if wo -look at their undent ancestry ; or Tlion art tho Son of him who ruled tho mightiest inonarohy in his day — evon Solomon ; und Thau nrt the descendant of one who devisod In his heart to build a temple for the mighty God of Jacob ! Hor was His mnthor, in point of intelleat, an interior woman. I take it that sho hud great strength of mind, otherwise she could not havo com posed so sweet a piece of poetry lis that which begins " My soul doth magnify tho Lord." She is Hot a Person to de Despised. " Blessed art thou uinong women. From lioncoforth ull generations shall call thee blessed." I Biipposo Protestant generations are amongst the "nil generations" who ought to call her blessed. Her namo is Mary ; and quaint George Herbert wrote an anagram upon it : — " Woll doth her name an nrmv represent Wherein the Lord of Hosts doth pitch His tent." Though sho was not a princess, yet her name, Mary, by interpretation signifies n princess ; and though alio bo not the quean of heaven, yot sho has a right to be rcokoned mnongst tho qucons of tho cartli ; and though sho bo not tho Lady of our Lord, yet does she walk amongst tho renowned and mighty women of Scripture. Vet Jesus Christ's birth was a humble olio. Strango thut the Lord of -glory was not horn in u paluce ! Princes, Christ owes you nothing. Princes, Christ is not your dobtor. Ye did not swuddlo Him : Ho wiih not wrapped in purplo ; yo hud not prepared a golden orndlo for Him to bo rouked in. Queens, yo did not dandle Him upon your knees ; He hung not at your breasts. 'And yo mighty oitios, whioh thon were groat und famous, your marble hulls were not blessed with bis littlo footsteps. He Came Oct of a Village ruined and despised, oven Bothlohom ; and Ho wus not born in tho governor's liouso, or in tho mansion of tho chief mun, but in a mungor. Tradition tells us thut His mungor was out in tho solid rook. In somo cold placo in tho damp earth, there wua Ho laid ; and tbe oxen, likely onougli, cumo to feed from tho solf-sume manger, tlio hay and tho fodder of whioh was HiH only I bed. Oh, wondrous stoop of condescension ! that our blessed Joans should ho girded with humility — thut lie stooped so low. Ah ! if Ho stooped, why should Ho hand to such u birth ? And if He bowed, why should Ho submit, not simply to becomo tho sen of poor parents, but to be born in so miserable) a placo P Lot us tako courage hero. If Jesus Christ wus born in a rock, why should Ho not come and livo in our reeky hearts Y If He was born in a alablo, why Bhould not tlio stablo of our souls be mado a habita tion for Him ? If Ho wus horn in poverty, why not the poor in spirit expect that Ho will bo tbolr Friend ? If Ho thus endured degradation at tlio first, will lin ooimt it any dishonour to eoine to tho vory poorost and humblest of His orcutures, nnd tubenuioln in tho souls of His children ? Oh, no ! wo can gatlior a lesson of comfort from His linmblo parentage ; and we can rejoice that u liumbln woman iiccamo tho mother of the Lord of glory. 3\. But yet we must make ono more remark upon His birth before we pass away from it ; and our third remark shall bo A Glorious Birthday ! With all tho humility that surrounded the birth of Christ, there wus yot vory muoh that was glorious, vory muoh Hint was lionour- ublo. No othor mau over had sttoh a birth day us Jesus Christ. Of whom had prophets und Boors ovor written? Whoso numo is graven oil so manv tablets as His P Who has sueli a scroll of prophecy, all pointing to him us Jesus Christ, tho Mnu-God Y Thou, recollect His birth ! Wlion did God ovor hang a fresh lump in tlio sky to announce tho birth of a Ciesur H Ccesura may como, mid tlioy may dio ; but stars ahull novcr . pro phesy tlioir birth. When did angels stoop from hcavon aud sing ohoral symphonies on tho birth of a mighty man? Nay, ull others are passed by ; but sco, in heaven there is a great light shining, and a song is heard, "Glory to God in the highest; on earth peace, good-will towards inon." His birth is not dcspioablo, even if wo consider the visitors who eanie around His orndlo. Shepherds Came First, ungnided and unlod, to Bothlohom ; tho wise mon, dirooted by tho star, cumo noxt ; and both together, tho represontativo men of the two bodies of mankind, tho rioh and tho poor, Itnolt around that tnangcr ; and frnnk- inconso, nnd spicos, und myrrh, and all prooious gifts woro offorcd to thnt Ohild who was " tlio Prinao of tho kings of tho cnrlh," who in unoiont timos was ordained to sit upon tho throno of His futhor David and In tho wondrous future to rulo all kingdoms with, his rod of iron. " Bohold, a virgin ulinll concoivo, and benr a son." 4\. And now wo como to tho Child's namo. " And sho shall call His namo Immanuel." Oh t here is a swoot name to givo Him. " She Blmll call His name Immanuel," Mothers in oldan tlmo did call thoir ohildron bv names wliloh had meaning in them ; thoy did not givo them unmeaningly tlio names of eminent persons ; but tlioy had names full of meaning, whioh recorded somo olroumstauce of tlioir birth. Tlioro was Cain — " I have gotten a man from tho 'Lord," said his mother, und sho cullod liim Cnin. Thorn wus Sotli — " God huH given us unothor son instead of Abel." Thon cumo Noah — "Inthlaohtld wo havo rest ;" and tlioy called him " Iteat." Islimucl was so called by his mother becnuse God had hoard hor. Isuuo was oallod "Pro miso," bccatiso he was the son of promiso. Jacob was culled " tho Supplantcr." or ta -—35 .. , L "all. . " tho Crafty Ono," beoauso ho supplanted hiB brother. Wo might point out muny similar instances. Perhaps this custom was a good ono umongst tho Hobroivs, though tho pemilinr formation of our language would not frequently allow us to do the samo ; und therefore wo boo that tho Virgin Mnry Called Her Son Immanuel that there might ho a meaning in it. " God with us." My soul, ring thoso. words out I " God with us !" Oh, it is ono of tho bells of licuvon! Lot us striko it yet again. "God with ns !" Oh, it is a- stray note from tho sonnets of puradiso! " God with us !" Oh, it is tlio lisping of a soruph! "God with us !" Oh, it is one of tbo notes of tho singing of Jehovah, when Ho rejoicos ovor His Church with singing ! " God with us !" Toll it! toll it! toll it! This is tho name- of tho new-born King. " Hark : tho horuld angels sing !" Beliovor, Ho is God with thee, to protect thee ; thou art not nlono, boouuso tho Saviour is with thoo. Put mo in the desort, whore vogetatiou grows not ; I can still say, " God with us." Put mo oil tlio wild ocean, and lot my ship duneo mndly on tho waves ; I would still say, " Iminaniiel, God with us." Mount mo on tho suiibcnni, und lot mo fly boyond tbo western sea ; still' I would any, " God with us." Lot my body dive down into tho doptliH of the ocean, and lot mo sleep in its envonis ; still I could, as u child of God, suy, " God with us." Ayo, and in tho grave, alcoping thoro in corruption and des truction, still I cuii see the footmurks of Josus; Ho ,trod tho .path of all His peoplo, und Still it is " God with Us." Now, a happy Christmas to you all ; and it will ho a nappy Christmas if you havo God with yon. Do not feast as if you wished to keep tho festival of Bncohus ; do not live as if you udorcd somo heathen divinity. Celebrate your Saviour's birth. Do not be usliumcd to be glud ; you have a right to he. God says, "Go thy way; eat thy bread with joy ; lot thy garments be alwuvs white, and lot thy bona laok no ointmont." " Religion never wus designed To muko our plousuves loss." Go your way; rojoica togothor. But, in your feasting, think of tho Mun in Botlilohcm ; let Him havo a place in your hcurts ; und givo Him tho glory. I finish by saying, " A Happy Christmas to ydu 'sll." 