1 City Gossip. ( B y G i u n d F l a n e u r . ) That paragraph re the Port Victor ghost and the volunteer encampment has "riz ' the ire of that perfectly estimable eent Ionian. Brigadier-General Field Mar-hall Moe. than whom tiicrc is not a braver or an abler defender of our hearths and homes under the Southern Cross, or the Northern Cross, or. to be more concise, the four points of the comj>ast. Ha<i you seen B G. F. M. Moe in the ylory of Lis military anger, Mr. Editor, you would have commenced deien'lii.? your sanctum with maxim guns. iu>r«lfci;tViMt umhuii. up-to-date torpedoes, and Chinese era tiers, for the said defender of our hearthB and homes is a terrible person when stirred up. But like a performing bear, he requires a lot of stirring uji. Hgv-^'vi. we peace-at-any-price people know - h " w to up our only soldier v.i. • ..!.>. Russians are about to land. And we will pity the Rus^iar:^. Improved pp'Tiects. nionty of rrv;p.: and the v. w i ;•••-.• ..iV C-i -f..-.,. of nc-oph i ..ii - * v/ • i-i ' ^ • ' > i •. spell. Tie Liv.-rit? u\n-;>: i> Vicfr Harbor. but I l, ave just been speakin? to a returned ]iil)f!":in who has been to all our watering-places, and ho informs rue that Port Gerineij: is far-and-away ahead of any in South Australia. In fart. tin?re is no comparison. This ohould he a hint to your friendx down CJermein way to advertise their Fanatorium a little more. It was nothing but persistent puffing that brought Port Victor to the front. Gerinein a beach and perfect climate may as well be in the arctic regions for all the good the worn-out cily people derix e from them. Perhaps your friends oi the Brighton of S. A. v.-ill aet upon the hint conveyed in this par. The advance guns of trie political campaign are booming, and before long we may expect to be in the thick of the fight. Electioneering r:;/eiits are sighing for the good old times when the expenditure of candidates \va* not restricted, and it does seem a farce to prevent a man spending his money in a legitimate way. It was introduced to suit the books of Labor Candidates, hilt it dots not suit the books of the men who turned an hon.- :-t. penny when the sunw.ls shining—the ! poor printer, to wit. However, I have it j on good authority thai an organised attempt will be made next session to wip*- this .objectionable measure ofl ihe Statute Book. All measures interfering with the liberty of the subject should be relngated to limbo. For a brief space Premier Kingston can breathe freely, for there is a i-Iiawe of Mayor Tucker acecjitiiiLr a cordial im itation to stand for IVo;th Adelaide, a id if lie floes so it wiiJ be had for JJick V» o >d. Paddy Glynn is (if i.ot ab.s.dutely the best) one of the ablest men in the House and may be looked upon as a moral. Jt is not a weakness of mine to fall down and worship any man, but I must confess to having a sincere admiration for tbe genial and brilliant Paddy. Talent will always gain my admiration, and yet Kingston's crowd have not done so. Strange. Perhaps tin; most talked of subject is the composition of the Australian Eleven. Every other thing, mundane or otherwise, pales into iiudgnilicance with thisall-ahsorb nig question. J have caught the complaint, and wake up in the s; ill hours of the night to a^k my better halt ho'.v any sane man could leave young Clem Mill out of a representative y Australian Eleven. And I am nb^ tbe only uuo alll'.cted that way, for apparently sane men discuss the Kime auestion more earnestly than tlicv did the trouble in the Transvaal, or 1'eter Paul Gillen's bolstering up of the village settlements. By the way, i* it generally known that Jones, the lightning trundler of the team, once rusticated at Crystal Brook, and on one occasion visited your town with the Brook cricketers, but did not i.i*pire that dread into the hi arts of your batsmen as he has since don" to metropolitan plavers. Such is the fact, however, and to-day he is in the Australian Eleven. Yon onu never tail what may happen to a man in Australia. South Australians are uot prone to recognise their heroes, unlc.^thev are champion cricketers or footl:-:ilers : but it is »o be hopod that the movement on foot to erect a monument 10 ti"- i.u niory of Explorer Stuart will not die the death of many such movements. When he anv.-- 1 ' ; Adelaide after crossing the cmitine;. ^.y odd j-ears ago, bo wn* receive ": as a Hr.ti amongst men, but wiieu he o:e 1 He glory Reemod to die with dm. uv.d his admirers hurried up to forgot the iuime- se sc: \ u - - he did the colony. If the ir.cn'imcn: i - erected it will show that South Australia contains a few people who recognise heroic deeds and true setvice. However. I should like to see the movement more heartily ontered into. At present it savours of the lukewarm order. " The Register is so conservative that it spells Labour Party wiih a u." said a follower of Mac & Co. the other day. " Oh. that's nothing," said the listener. " some Labor Memoers are so conservati ve that they si>ell Labor Party with a ca:>iial I.' Unless rain falls sl.o tly we city folk will have to take cur whisky neat for on; water supply is ominously failing, and the edict has gone forth that householders must waste not so as to want not. The Happy Valley rc-crvoir will :<e ready :ie::t year, and then we will not be compelled to go ou short rations. Two Labor Members went to Queensland a while back. Tliev wore only away from Adelaide a fortnight, but came l ack, as I foretold and professed to know all about the vexed Kanaka l.-bor <yiestion and the sugar growing industry. The daily papers, with their system of interviewing anjbodv and everybody, have much to answer for. The District of Gladstone is the enly one so far where all the candidates can be named, for it is generallv accepted tha: Messrs Howe. Catt. and \ioherts will be the starters. In every other district it is impossible to name the candidates, as so many are hanging back for a brush. During last year over '27.0 >J pers- .r.s pas sed through Port Adelaide for V.'estern Australia. A lot came from the other colonies, but the majority were S.-.uih Australians. And yet- tho stream Westward goes on. La it week over 'I.'xM passengers left Port Adelaide. IIow many more people it will v:>ke before all the avenues to work are c^n-rested., coo 1- ness knows; bnt the irencral icral opitron of the Western diggers who flooded the eitv at Xmas time. wa> that a man would be : foolish to throw up a billet to seek work , in the golden regions. F«ir those out of work, and with a little cash, the advice was "go." | j ; 