MISSIONARIES IN CHINA., WHAT TllEY DO. CRITICISMS CRITICISED. AN AUSTRALIAN IN CHINA. (By tbo Rev J. C. Gibson, M.A., Swatow, China.) "Travellers' tales" have Ions been pro verbial. But Lnere arc two kinds of tra vellers. One Is patient and painstaking In observation, cautious and reserved In expression. The.se do not always write books, but when they do. knowledge Is increased, The other clnna hi rapid and shallow, hnsty In observation, and rash in utterance. They actually Write a book. 'Vherc facts fall them, Imagina tion supplies the lack. The "general reader," good-humored soul, pronounces It "bright and entertaining," but "the Judicious grieve." A reviewer in the "Ago" of the 10th August has placed In tbo latter category a narrative of tra vel, entitled, "An Australian In China," by G. E. Morrison, M.H.C.M. The book is described as "entertaining," and the entertainment Is the old one of the tra veller trotting out the missionary to whose hospitality and aid he has owed ills auccess, and making game of him. Much is made of this feature of the book, which is incorrectly described un der the beading "Some Facts About Missionaries." The author sailed up Yangtse River as far as Chung King, and thence made his way to the fron tier of Burma. He knew no Chinese, and had no Interpreter, but comes back to offer an opinion on the nature and valuo if/- Mb? Ions to the Cliinesc. Now, the humor of tlils situation lies on tho surface. The traveller who has reach ed Chung King going westward has practically left the sphere of Chinese Missions behind' him. There are mis sionaries In 'Western Sz-ohwan and Kwei-chow, but their work Is mainly pioneering. All the longer-established missions. In which there lias been time to test methods and show results, arc left far away to ithc east, north-east and south-cast. Tho cose is llko that of a traveller who should toko steamer from London to Inverness, thence walk through Ross, Sutherland and Caith ness, cross to Orkney Islands, and pre sently publish, on the basis of his ob servations, a book on the Industries of Great Britain! To complete the paral lel , ho must speak neither Gaelic nor English, and he must have no interpre ter! On the basis of such observations, this traveller "has formed a low opinion" of the prospects of missionaries In China, relying on a calculation that "their har vest may be described as amounting to a fraction' more than two Chinese per missionary per annum." Calculations of this kind are of no value from any point of view. They be long to the dark ages of the end of last century, when men did not know what missions ore. But now Uie man of average education Is expected to know better. Curiously, the outside ama teur seems always to think of the mis sionary as engaged In "making con verts,". The truth Is that most mis sionaries are engaged, for the most port, not so much in "making oonverts," as in training and organising bodies of converts already made. The universal testimony of missionaries is that con verts aro "madu" by the native Chris tians. One man gives himself to healing the sick, and the doctor who sees his 50 or 200 patlents.nearly all unlnstniated hea then. dally, has little time for "making converts." Another gives nine-tenths of his time to school work, or to the training of preachers; another gives a large proportion of it to translation or other literary work. This must l»c done in . order to give the people the Scriptures, so .that the converts may have an intelligent knowledge of the religion which they profess. - So also text-books for school and college use arc provided. All this Is needed, not only for the Immediate wants of the converts, but also to reach renders out side tho Mission circles. We have now hundreds of books of uil sorts and sizes, and In various languages of China —translations of Scripture, commen taries, treatises on theology, on mental philosophy, chemistry, Astronomy, geo metry, algebra, law, anatomy, physio logy, materia medlcu, mklwifery, Chi nese and ' foreign history and gco- graikhy, essays on religious topics, trea tises on native religions, and on- the methods, of western civilisation, news papers and periodicals, both religious and general, &c..; &c.; These have a large circulation, and find thousands of raiders. Is this voluminous Christian litera ture. much of It of excellent quality, not to be reckoned as part of the mission aries' "harvest?" Again, consider the time and labor spent in negotiating for sites and buildings, or planning and building churches, sahoolR, hospitals, dwelling-houses, and all the brick ami mortar requirements of a successful and permanent work. Is all that to bo left out of the account? Moreover, as tho result of what lias been done, there Is over large parts of China a friendlier feeling tn the missionaries, and a bet ter understanding of their alma than before. This exists among the people to a. far larger extent than Is gener ally known, notwithstanding the cal culated hostility of the literary and of ficial class, the champions of privilege and caste, who are tho natural foes of light mid Individual liberty. Now, apart from all questions about "converts," all this represents a "har vest" of enormous amount and of quite unspeakable value. Missionaries give, no doubt, a good deal of their time to open-air preach ing, and to individual dealing, seeking In these and other ways to "make con verts." But every wise missionary, If the supposition be allowed, will say that his converts aro made by the na tive Christians. Progress at first Is al ways slow, for the very reason that theru are as yet no native Christians. But as soon as a few are gathered they begin, by word and example, to bring In others and It Is usuallyns much as the missionary can do to keep pace with the examination and training of the en quirers brought to him by the native Christians. To suppose that there is any direct casual ratio between 'the number of the missionaries and Uie number of "converts" Is to mistake tho whole situation. Whether Dr Morri son's figures are real or Imaginary does not appear, and it really dots not mat ter. Ho gets the number of mission aries, then gets, one knows not how, a number which he takes to be the num ber of converts per annum. Then he divides the one by tho oilier and de monstrates! He might Just iu» well take the height of tho baromoler. and ' UlvUlo by the latitude! The result bus no significance. By taking all the mis sionaries. nnd only the registered "converlH." I.e., only communicants, by mixing old and new missions, evangelis tic, educational, and medical, all In one, he succeeds in combining all the fault:? by which the llgnres of rash statisti cians can be vitiated. Hi includes mtuslons only newly be gun, and missionaries, of whom many arc only learning tn speak. On the other hand, he omits multitudes of People who are under Instruction, who arc eager to be baptised, but whose ac ceptance Is delayed by the prudence of the missionaries. To all Intents and purposes, many of -these are. In the common acceptation of the term, "Chris tians" already, and might well bo reck oned as "converts." Thus, by a double error, his ratio cornea out vitiated in every possible wny. Science Is never advanced by misinterpreted figures, worked through a meaningless calcula tion, ' Something like the itruth may bo got by taking u representative ruse. Take tho' actual case of a missionary who came out twenty years ago. A year nnd a half pnssed before his first baptism of a "convert." This time was spent chiefly In learning the language. Thereafter the nnnual number baptis ed by him ran as follows:— FJrst year, 21; next, 12; then, 64; then, SS: then, :IS; or an average over the first five active years' of 39 per annum. This Is an average case, and larger figures might Often be found. In most parts of the older Mission fields In China, it would be easy for the missionaries, if regardless of quality, to add to their membership at the rote of hundreds per mission ary per annum. A comparatively low rate of increase In membership only shows that the missionaries act with great caution In not admitting any to ' \- baptism except those who bay? given good evidence of sincerity. Most mis sionaries probably refuse more than they baptise every year. Again, take the actual figures as fol- I low:— ' Number of Communicants In Prates- 1 tant Missions in China: In 1807 work was begun. In 1843 there were 6 communicants. In 1863 there were 350 communicants; \ Increase, 344 in 10 years, or 34 per an- j In IS65 there were 2000 communicants; Increase, 1650 In 12 years, or 110 per an- In 1876 there were 13,035 communi cants; Increase, 11,035 in 11 years, or 1003 per annum. In 1SS6 there were 23,000 communi cants; Increase. 14,965 In 10 years, or 1496 per annum. In 1889 there were 37.2S7 communi cants; Increase, 9287 in 3 years, or 3076 per annum. Taking the later years, - from 1S76 to 1SS9, for which we have the best sta tistics, and which are the best test of present conditions, wo find that lu these 13 years the increase of Communi cants has been 24.252. But as these are communicants only, we may multiply by three to get tho Increase In number of Christian community. This Is a very moderate estimate, indeed. "We thus got an addition to the number of "con verts" of 72, .750 In 13 years. To follow for a moment Dr. Morrison's Idea of V harvest per missionary." but correcting his handling of the fig ures, let us uncertain the number of missionaries? during -this period. At its beginning, In 187C, there were 473, and In 1S59 there were 129C. Of these, however, 172 In the first figure, ami 391 in the second, were inlvslonarles' wives. They usually do valuable work in the teach ing of the Christian women ami their children. But home duties usually pre vent them from doing much evangelis tic work for the direct " making " of "converts." Also, as already pointed out. many men are giving their time to medlcaL educational, and literary work, all which, though of Uie utmost value, has only ah Indirect Influence In the ad dition of oonverts. For all this flgureo cannot be given, and we may roughly solve the dlfllcuky ln'a moderate way by omitting from the calculation the num ber of missionaries' wives. We thus get In round numbers 300 missionaries at tho beginning of tho period, and 600 a£ the ond of it. This gives an average of 550 whose "harvest" the 72,753 added converts are. From this we must fur ther deduct, oay, one- sixth for mission aries Invalided or on furlough; and, say, another sixth for those who were only learning the language, nnd do not yet tell on the statistics. These deducUons arc made on a rough but moderate esti mate. Finally, we get 72,756 in 13 years, or 5596 per annum, to be divided among 315 (550, loos two-sixths) missionaries, giving an average annual "harvest" of If. converts each per annum. With all the obstacles takep Into account, tills does not seem at all a despicable result, especially when one considers the boundless Influence for good thai may be exercised for years to come by many of these fifteen. But Is needless to repeat that all this of estimating ratios is to our mind per fectly futile. Only, when it Is under taken! it should be done with some at tempt to get accurate figures, and to handle them In a scientific manner. Not content with mis-stating the numbert?, Dr. Morrison freely depreci ates the quullty of these converts. He says they are "outcasts subsidised to forsake their family altars." "doubt ful converts," etc. The reviewer gives us his own contribution the statement that many Chinamen live "in afflu ence on the free rations supplied, and whloh (sic) are commonly, known as Jesus' rice.' " These gentlemen must share the responsibility of these state ments between tliem. With every de sire to be courteous, one is forced to say that It Is a base thing for any man to write down as outcasts and objects thousands of his fellow Christians, who are, In God's sight, as good as he. We have not forgotten the Chinese deacon, who.whenMrWylle was done to death In Munchuria, Interposed his own body to receive the deadly blows that were fall ing heavily on the dying missionary. If he were a British soldier, we should claim for hini the Victoria "Cross of Valour," but ns he In only a Chinese Christian, let us write him down " a subsidised outcast." Moreover, we have known not a few Chinese men and women, who, if the need had arisen, would have done the name as he did. We see them giving out of their po verty (In several well-known missions at rate of a month's earnings each per annum), for the support of the Church to which they belong. We see many of them suffering loss and shame, and' bearing It bravely for the Christ whoso disciples they are. What right has any rovlewor or traveller to Insult such men and women with baseless talk about "subsidies" and "free rations 7" Will either of these gentlemen name any mission which they know to be at tracting "converts" by giving "free ra tions," and will he specify the number of recipients, and the amount of the "rations?" Jf not. will they apologise for their crrora? And will they explain away the statement made by Dr. Mor rison, that In a country eaten up with avarice, he found three missionaries who, In throe years, were only able to And six persons willing to accept "free rations?" On this question of the qual ity of the converts one may quote the opinion of Mr A. Mlchle, of Tientsin, as that of an Impartial observer. He Is one of our moBt candUl friends and keeenest critics, who has taken soma pains to inform himself, and wo can read his criticisms with proflt. Ho Says—" Christians of -the truest type, men rea/ly to Income martyrs, which Is easy, and who live 'helpful and hon est' lives, which Is as luinl as Uie as cent from Avernus, crown tho labors of the missionaries." The reviewer, relying on Dr. Morri son's "facts," then offers some conjec tures as to the reasons for the alleged failure of missions In China. The first reason alleged Is the large number of "sects," and the consequent perplexity of the Chinaman in trying to decldo which Is the beat. This Is a popular delusion, but It Is a delusion. There are missionaries of nil Churches in Chi na, hut they work together for a com mon cause. In 1890, a representative conferenece. Including members of all these missions, met In Shanghai, and for ten days discussed a large variety of questions of policy and methods of work. There were differences of opin ion, but It is safe to sny that the cleav ages wore not along denominational lines. Then? are permanent Commit tees on Scripture translations and oU»er subjects, In Which Baptists and Bresby- terian.'i, Episcopalians, nnd Congrega- UonallstH, Lutherans and Methodists all work together In harmony, and are quite forgetful of their differences. As to the Chinese hearer of our preaching, he Is usually unaware of there being any difference. When he comes close enough to distinguish, ho describes tho various missions as American, British, or German. Doctrinal differences elude bis observation. So much is this the case, that the chief dltllcitlty In this ilne of tilings is that one Amis It hard to make him realise, When necessary, that there Is a difference between Ca thode ami Protestant Missions. Tho reviewer makes another effort to explain t he alleged failure of missions in Chlmu by attributing It b) a lack of adaptation of 4110 missionaries' teaching to native ideas. Hut If the mission aries offer "free rations" to all who will accept them, tills ean hardly be. No thing could bo hotter adapted to "na tive ideas." Ho alleges that Christian ity was Introduced Into tho work! In old days by adapting It to Genlllecreeds. Tills, too, we must deny upon contem porary testimony. Demetrius, of Hpho- nuH, thought very differently. The Juvs of Thessr.lonloa declared that the Chris tian teachers -hud "turned the world up side down:" while Tacitus descrllvd tiiem nn tin? "enemies of the human race." The alleged "adaptation" Is not in evidence. But It Is said that the missionaries excite enmity and con tempt by going now "on the opposite tnelt." The old "tack" was so offensive that missionaries were slaughtered oil over Western Asia and Htinipo, and the n«nv "tack," we arc told, is still more offensive. Truly, the world Is haul to please I But again, let us have the facts. Does this traveller, or does his reviewer, really know whether tho mis sionaries "adapt" their teaching or not? The reviewer may bo a Sinologue, but the traveller has told us that ho knows no Chinese. Has either ever heard a missionary sermon or conversation In Chinese, or rend a missionary tract In Chinese? If net. how do they know ? It Is to be feared that they have gone Into the witness box to repeat empty hearsay, the current cant of antl-mla- slonary criticism, being themselves scandalously Ignorant of the subject on which they profess to offer expf.-rt evi dence. The fact Is that missionaries do adapt their teaching. In Its form, to Chlnoau thought .and feeling. The lan guage alone would compel them to ilo so.. Constant association with native pr»iclu»r«, whom they unconsciously Imitate, leads to the same result. The question has been raised among mis sionaries. as matter for serious self- qtieailonlnir, whether they ilmve not gone too far In "adaptation." Tt Is to be feared that there are nmnvnatlvo Chris tiana who ihavo hoard so littlu of tho defects of Confucius that they still quote his words as an end of all strife. And from Buddhism have been borrow ed so many of the current phrases of religious thought, that it Is to be feared that Christian teaching sometimes seems to gather a Buddhist oolorlng from the language In which it Is couykv But. they say, the mlsslonat)rteu the Chinese that " IdolatowVahd ail, liars, their part shall be ln£ii&lake; tU»V burneth with brimstone aiuf- flre.'-b "JKb words ure an Inaccurate dupdaGon'-from Rev. 21. S. and if all thtUld. meant is. that we have allowed M> stand In <the Chlncae Versfojfs f i>i una. New Testumcnt, as they areTlf'tlfe Greek text, we must, no doubt, plead guilty. It has not been thought right, in translating Scripture, to carry adap tation so far as to omit or alter parts of the original text. Hut if It is alleged that missionaries single out this text as one specially useful In preaching tu the Chinese, again the statement is u baseless one. It Is suggested that this Is the text relied on in dealing with an cestor worship, btvt In a. pretty long ex perience wo 'have never heard It so used. Nor Is It true that "The China man who accpts Christianity in also asked to believe that his father and other ancestors have perished eternal ly." The missionary does not presume to make any statement about the eter nal destiny of the ancestors of his hear ers. But the Illustration Is most un happily chosen for its purpose. For if lie did teach that their ancestors have perished, then, Indeed, he might claim to have adapted his teaching to their thought. It Is the Chinaman who has not accepted Christianity Who believes, universally and inevitably, that his fa ther and other tmcestora " have perish ed, whether eternally or not will de pend on the number of the. descendants and their care for. or neglect of the of ferings to the dead. A welt-lcnown Chi nese dictionary deflnea "demon," or "devil," In this way — "Devil that Is what men bea>ine." Not bad men, but all men. The ancestral offerings are designed to alleviate the sufferings of these poor ghosts, who arc thought of fis In prison. Lt Is hoped that the offer ings will so far mitigate their sufferings that tlioy may not And their way back, under pressure of need, to prey uj>on the living. Ilcneo the mark is widely miss ed In the statement— "The keystone of Chinese religion is respect for parents, and this tlllal feeling has grown into ancestor worship." It would be much more nearly correct to say— "The key stone of Chinese religion Ls fear of dev ils, nnd this selfish fucellng has grown into ancestor worship." Such religion sis the Chinese have pro duces no fruit of moral living In this lire, and throws no ray of light into the life to come. The missionary comes to them, not ns the ruthless destroyer of cherished Ideals, but us the first reveal- cr of an Immortal hope. We know the difficulties of our task bettor than our critics. We do not nevdh-.'ily add to them by rousing, antipathies without cause. The " enmity and angry con tempt" sometimes met with are not di rected against the missionary as such. Thoy aro the expression of a race-hatred against the foreigner. They tire less keenly felt against missionaries than against any other chins of foreigners. Often have we seen the suspicion and dislike of a Chinese crowd towards the foreigner melt away when they discover Chat they had to do. not with the mys terious foreigner with whom they can have no communication, but with one speaking tholrown language. The mis sionaries go where no other foreigner could go with safety, and have Innumer able friends among the Chinese people. They form the one elcmnL by which hos tility Is lessened, and by which a better understanding Is brought about. Have our critics ever reflected on the signifi cance of the missionary settlements now planted all over China, and on the softening effect of dally intercourse with educated and gentle men and wo men who come among them with abso lutely no security for a day's life but that of tho good feeling which by ;>a- tlcnce and. kindness they may be able to create. The existence of the missions Is a constant proof of tJlio exorcise of a very high degree of prudence and gentleness. Men take on themselves a very gravy responsibility who venture, over Uie fresh graves of the martyred Stewarts and others, to supply their murderers with the excuse that rhey were only Uie victims of their own meddlesomeness ami folly. Sneers at missionaries are always welcome to a certain chuis of minds. One wonders whether they rea lise that every such sneer helps to en danger the lives of men ami women and children in many a mission station. The cidnese aro not blind to these things,. uriVrtheylmow well that thw -missionary will have only a half-hearted backing from some of Ills countrymen, when things como to the worst. We note one more amusing feature of Dr Morrison's criticisms, because It is typical. Formerly, It was tho fashion to say of missionaries—" See how Uiey live In ease In the treiuy jwrts and do nothing!" Now It Is— "See the folly of tlufle missionaries! Why will they per sist in living up country at the risk of their lives? Why can't they come and live In safety at the ports like other peo ple?" Ami then It is suggested that they do Uils from a perverse desire for mar tyrdom, Just as before, the only motive conceivable to our critics was the love of bread and butter. Well! "We piped unto you ami ye did not dance; we wall ed, and ye did not weep!" But wisdom is justified of all her ohlldren. Mis sions must Justify themselves. It Ls no great wonder that they do not al ways appeal to the casual traveller. But the orders stand— "Go ye and make disciples." and the patient lives und tho earnest work of Christian men ami wo men will, in the long result, attest the wisdom of the Master's command, ami tho foresight of those who ohoose to cast in their lot with Him. 