TIIE CHH1STMAS NUMBERS. The approach of Christmas Is Indicated by the advent of cards and special numbers of illustra ted papers. Gordon and Goteli send the "Illus trated London News" and "Black and White," for both of which they are agents. The veteran ILustrated comes out with a number that is full of Christmas from cover to cover. Most of the very best artists' have here done admirable work. These Include It. Catln Woodville, R. Sauber, II. Burgess, A. Forestler, Luclon Davis, Fred, V.'. Burton, Wal Paget, Dudley Hardy, and Mau rice Grclffcnhager — a staff that is perhaps un surpassed on any other paper In tho world. Their work embraces many of those scenes that bring brightness and gladness to so many homes. Christmas-trees, weddings, bells, and ghosts, blindman's buff, the mistletoe, and all the acces sories of the festive season aro artistically re membered, and form a splendid collection of pic tures, some of them colored in the best style. The stories aro written by Thomas I-Iardy, Ma rlon Crawford, and Grant Allen. Tho customary presentation plate, executed in that finishod style for which the "Illustrated London News" is famous, is entitled "Symphony," after the painting by tho late C. Barber Burton. "Black and White" has a strong list of story- writers, including Gilbert rarker, H. G. Wells, Frankfort Moore, L. Cope Cornford, and J. Mac- L-trea Cobban. Among the artists engaged on the number aro A. Daniel, J. A. Shepherd, S. Begg, J. Watson Nicol, and W. Ramey. There aro two special pictures — a full page engraving of "Tho Pled Piper of Hamelin," from a painting by J. 13. Christie, and a beautiful presentation plate, "Mothorloss," by Walter Langley, R.I. Tho "Graphic" Christmas number Is, as usual, printed throughout in color— a feature that has become a specialty with tills paper. The letter press is exceptionally interesting, for It embraces stories by such powerful writers as Bret Harte, "Q," W. E. Norrls, Rudyard Kipling, Stanley, J: Weyman, and S. Baring-Gould— seven of the most popular novelists of the day. Tho Btaff of artists engaged on tho number Is equally strong, and includes Seymour Lucas, A.R.A., Gordon Browne, Percy Maequoid, R.I., W. Small, Regi nald Cleaver, W. Hathcroll, It.I., A. Guillaumo, W. Ralston, Hugh Thomson, and A. S. Boyd. The colored plate, admirably executed, of course, is a reproduction of "Flaming June," the last finished picture by tho late Lord Leighton. "The Golden Penny," the latest offspring of the "Graphic," publishes a largo number of thrHlfntr glnrtae iha ahlaf rtlnao hnlmv rrtonn one by Mr. G. Firth Scott, formerly a Sydney journalist, with Illustrations by Mr. B. E. Minns, also well known in this city. The colored plate Is "What aro tho Wild Waves Saying?" from a picture by Mrs. S. E. Waller. "Holly Leaves," the Christmas special of the "Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News," gives one of tho best colored presentation plates of tho season, entitled "Wellington at Waterloo," from n picture shown at tho Royal Academy. The premier place among tho story writers Is allotted to Nat Gould. Tho many Illustrations in tho number are seasonable and up to date in execu tion. "Pears' Christmas Annual" is not only the very best yet publlshed by the enterprising pro prietors, but In somo respects surpasses all the other Christmas papers this soasou, Its colored pictures, of which there are several, forming a unique and beautiful collection of Illustrations "From Christmas Eve to Twelfth Night," are admirably done, and will make the number very welcome everywhere. In addition to these and other Illustrations, there aro three colored pre sentation plates— "Leaving London to Spend 'Christmas in tho Country," "A Canter on tho Hoath," and "Christmas come3 hut once a year," the latter a splendid piece of work from a water- color drawing by Charles Green, R.A. 