'iCSRiSTMASilLGPE- ? .MEM;,::; \ By the Author ' Sophie Eapin's Revenge,' ' A Ghild of tlio Mist,' etc., etc. CHAPTER X1L— Continued ' IT IS NEMESIS. !' ' Of course I will ray little'love,'' the young man whispered. ' To night our bridal-nightjour slightest wish shall be lnj law.' And, with these words, he led her awaj across the hall, through the long', 'shadowy suite 'of deserted rooms, till they reached the winter garden/ * Here Esme paused, looking ' .round perplexed. ' He does noi. seem' 'to be here,' she said ;' yet I felt, sure -I saw him enter the 'conservatory an' hour ago, and oh ! — but I know where lie Terr likely has hidden himself. I know his iavorile retreat.' '. . Softly,- with a merry little laugh, Esme crept forward^'pri/''. tip-toe, lifting her hand to Gabriel in sign that he was toremainwherehewas. Tes, she had guessed rightly. As leri'eet touched the threshold of the grotto she caught. sight. of his familiar figure leaning back quite still with closed ejes on the rustic bench that stood under the branch ing palm. ' He's asleep ! and— why— how Btrange, he is wearing Gabriel's overcoat. Poor Carleton !' The bridegroom meanwhile, watching from the doorway of the winter garden, saw the white-robed girlish figure .of the little bride creep nearer and nearer to the motionless form' of the slumbering ; man.. s. He saw her, touch his arm, heard her call him softly by name, ' Carleton, Carleton.' Then she staggered back , and a sudden pierc ing shriek of terror rent the air, drowning for the moment the music of the Christinas waltz. : Aninstant later and Gabriel was at Esnie's side,. but she couldnot speak. Her ashen lips refused to utter . another Bound. 'With wildly dilating eyes she pointed to 'the huddled up . figure in the rustic seat. Even as she did so it swayed forward and fell with a heavy thud at Gabriel's feet, just underneath the hangingiamp. '-'?. By its light, pale as it was, Gabriel recognised his half brother, :Garleton Clyde, . and, as he did: so aii exclamation of horror escaped him..;, .;.,-,.., ..-?'...'. ;.. Tiiat Carieton Clyde was dead; a single glance athis i'acfe sufficed to show.'. But how had he died? .What could'have been the cause, of fdeath ? 'The handsome features r were swollen and distorted almost past recognition into a grim, ghastly Iiideousncss no words can. describe. The complexion was of a livid, greenish pallor— horrible, inhuman — and the wide-open, staring, eyes were; already dim \Vith the' glassy /filih of death. . - '-.-' Serene and smiling, as if she had tnown ho disappointed hopes, no baffled ambition, no storms of fierce hot hate, Elinor Clyde swept from the ballroom to the conservatory ; at the first sound of Esme's piercing : shriek. . ? ir1 'What can have happened?' she said with uplifted eyebrows , turning to one of the lady guests who was following her to the scene of the disturbance. ' All I can make out so far is a crowd. I expect the fact of it is Esme, who '. is easily frightened, fancied she . saw a ghost, and— :— But what can have taken the foolish girl into the grotto, I wouder? With our Christinas elopement we have all the materials for melodrama, or a dramatic comedy ; Jet us hope it is ? not going to end with a tragedy. That would be a dreadful denouement.' As she said these words, having already reached the entrance to the grotto, Esme, rousing herself from the partial swoon into which terror had thrown her. stepped forward and answered firmly, fixing her tear-filled eyes on the elder woman's ? cruel, mask-like face : ' It is tragedy, indeed. . See here,' But Mrs. Clyde only shrugged her splendid shoulders, and smiled indulgently. ' My clearest Esme, you are rather hysterical to-night,'! think. . , Supposing you were to explain to me what has happened, what caused , you to startle us in the ballroom ? with that blood-curdling shriek ?' ' No wondershe shrieked,' cried a bystander indignantly. ' many a girl has gone out of her mind with terror for less. A most awful and mysterious death has taken place in our midst to-night, and Miss, or, rather, Mrs Gabriel Clyde, it was who discovered the corpse. The shock was enough to kill her.' ' Still, I do no understand what has happened,' protested Elinor. ?with a movement of impatience, ad vancing towards the group that surrounded the prostrate and life less form ; then with sudden and admirably assumed concern, she ex claimed: ' You surely do not mean to tell me, my poor Esme, that any thing has happened ..to your hus band— the bridegroom — on his wedding day ?' ' Oh no, no, no !' the girl re plied in a tone of instinctive relief, as if she shrank in horror from evem such a possibility. 'Thank heaven; Gabriel, my Gabriel, is unharmed !' ' Gabriel is unharmed, you say?'. . The words were jerked out of her lips with a spasmodic effort, and then she was silent. Those who ' watched her never forgot the change that passed over her face in in .those few moments. She did not faint or scream, but into her great black eyes leaped the light of a horrible fear. 