THE MINER'S STORY. . A night and a day out, nnd too California Limited wns spooding' nlong towards tlio oonst, leaving Chicago far behind. Ono of .tho aixtnon in tlio Pullman smoker remarked that a fast oxprcaa was about tlio only thing that could lea vo Chicago -behind, and to this, there waa a gonoral aaaent. -Theso sixmou, who had. tho rullman to' themselves woro beginning to find tho trip fatiguing, in apitc of tlio assistance! tliat had boon rendered by tho. porter tuid tho bnil'ot to make it leas an. At ten o'nlook someone had 'yawned and anggcated retiring. At cloven on'o man began to kick oif liiaboots. At half-past eleven tho man whom tlioy had called " tlio dootor,"- because ho linil a certain professionul air, said thoy had bettor each tako a nightcap) and turn in.. So tho' porter ' wns called, and nix different orders givon him. Tho' young ninu whom thoy had dubbed "tlio parson" called for a glass of water. - \ At this tho others raised their voices 1 in protest.'... /.<',!. :' . ', " Tliero is but one way out of this," said tlio dootor, .resting his glass on.tlio arm of his soat ; a man who drinks water for a night cap must toll a story to off-sot it." Tlio others acquiesced in this, and for a ' moment there were rapid calls of "story, story !" - , - As soon as tlioy wprio qniot, . tlio young mnn spolro in a lov; and hesitating voico. ' I shall bo glad to pay tho forfeit, but not to-night, if yon will oxouso mo. I have seen' so littlo of life that' is worth tolling. Lotus have a story thatfs fitting to, tho timo and plaeo. Our friond bore;" lie' turned, at this, to a sporo, musoular-looking man who sat next him, "tells us that ho lias known soiiio- thmg of the desert. To-morrow we shall bo in it. Lot us have a forotasto of its lifo to-night." . As this seemed worth while, nnd as thoro was some doubt on the part of tho others whether tlio young mail's story would bo worth batoning to when thoy got it, all joinod in tho nttaok on tho'spuro mnn. "Yes, itistruo," said tho latter, looking reflectively into tlio glass which tho porter hnu placed before him, his glance indicating that ho would prefer to attend to that rather than toll a story; "itistruo, I liavo scon somotliing of tho desert. It's not a liico pluco. Not so lmd when you can fly aoross it in a comfort able cur; but on foot, nlono, it's .different." Ho paused, and his thoughts scorned wandering hack into tho past, boforo tho railway had annihilated the horrors of tlio sandy plain. Tlio others gavo liim time, for tlioy judged a good story would shortly ho forthcoming. Filially ho tasted the ooutonts of his glass, and asked tho porter tor a littlo more' sugar. Then ho said ; ",Whon I was a yonng mnn I was a mining prospector. I wont in oil ' grab stakes,' tuid find n elinnco to loam nil about tbo wrong shlo of tlio business, ami soon was sick of it. AVlien I was about to give it up I chtuicod 16 bear a story of a wonderful mine. Thoro are stories of tlio same sort afloat in ovory mining district— of ti fabulously rioh mino that, hus boon found and lost again. Those tulos do not diifor much — exoopt in location nnd in minor unimportant details.. They hold trea sure beyond tlio dreams of avarino. It re quires long Hoaroliiiig to find and almost superhuman cndumnco lo'ronoh them. And there nro usually certain difflaultios to bo ou- countered in gaining possesssion which re quires a peculiar sort of courago to surmount. "Had I hot boon young,- in" mora ways than 0110, I would not have undertaken this search. Having entered upon it 1 wns not easily di'ivon buck. My way lay across tho desert. I wont alono, oxoopt for tlio company of my puck mulo. I carried littlo in tho way of supplies, besides food and \vntor. It wns slow work. Tlio sand and tho Bun of tho dosort blisters ono body and mind. My,' foot grow tired and burned. My head swam alt day long with tho heat. My oyes uolied with tlio novor-ooasing glaro of the sand and the sky. Tho silonco and loneliness oppressed mo, andsomotintcs mado ma afraid, ovon ut mid-day. At night liorriblo shapes moved ull about — shadows of tho clouds ovorhouil. ' ' I laid plunnod my route carefully. I had studied tlio stories of this lost mino for n long timo, putting .together ull that was .pro bable and casting all olso nsido. I bolioved I know tlio rango of bills in- whoso' bosom it wits bid. An old map that had came into my possossion showed a oertain canon, away in thoir furthest depths, and it wns for this I searched. . Boforo I reached tlio bills I was half dead witli futiguo and tho torriblo boat and glare of tho desert. Before I found tho canon my water gavo out, and thou for u night and a day I stared dootli in tho faco. But whoa night oume again mid hopo was almost dead, I came upon n trickling stream of pure water. Oh, how I revelled in it. I laughed and drank and hatlicd my hot oyes. It wus worth mora to mo than untold gold, nnd for a timo I forgot the object of my souroli. 1'hon I ratnomberod .that tbo mine should ho found oloso besido tho soui-co" of a stroum. I lay down andrestod uutil morning, and toon took up my way again with a now honrt. ' "I toiled all through tlio day, climbing whoro tho kaoping of my lifo linng upon tho making of no mis-step. And just1 at dusk I enmo to whora o spring gushed up from tho earth. Tho sun hud gouo doivu, and tho full moon laid risen and mado a. silver glory of rooky oauon and babbling strciiin and frown ing hills. And in tho henrt of ull, I knew, lay that which. I sought. " Now u part of tho story was that a prior pwnor gunrdod tho treasure of tlio mine un ceasingly. Whether ho was living or dond, whether in tho flesh or tho 'spirit,' nono woro so bold as to say. But it was told that ho siit day and niglit inside the qiitranco that led down into tlio mino", nnd with drawn. bow waited nil comers. 1'lint at a oortain point ho lot fly a shaft, tmd tlio intruder fell down dead. ... , " Now it was n hundred yours sinoo tho nine was lost. . Aiid 110 imm livos so long, ovon to dofond treasure. And of doad raon I whs not afraid. So wlion I found an open plaeo that led into tho hourt of a rugged hill side, I plunged boldly forward. \' "I confess I hud not gono many stops until I saw that whioli mudony lioart bout faster than was its wont. This was a ghostly sort of light, sti'oaimug from the fur interior of tho ouvcrh. But I soon dcoidod it to ho a phosphorosoent glow and pluekoil up my courago again and went on. Ton stops inoround my foot struok against sombthiug looso on tho rooky iloor, and looking down I saw a heap of bones. I huvo-not tho anatomical skill of my friond tho dootor hero, hut I know enough to deoido tinit thoy woro human belongings. This mado mo stand stook still for a momont. And in that moment I saw lioro and thoro other liko lioaps, allowing with a cold dead wliito in tho plios- phoroijocnt shining. "I shall not toll you that I was frightonod. You may think what you please. Porlutps I was not wholly obnsoiouB that I continued to go forward instead of turning back. I am not sura either that I was consoious of tlio not of olutching my revolver and holding it in front of me, randy to firo. Yot that -is what I did, nnd ns I turned sharply round a corner of tho rook I discovered a flguro boforo mo at some distance— and upon tho instant my pistol Bout a ballot .towards it. " Tho echoes of tho shot mado a littlo pan demonium in tho oloso tnniiol, hut boforo they had died away I hud realised that tho flguro was that of tlio dread archer, and that Ins bow had been strium ready to sond an arrow on its flight, nnd that tho arrow had licon ro sent. I heard it whiz past my head and know its uim had not boon truo only becauso my idiot had brought tho archer from his soat in tho vory act of speeding tlio shaft. "Now I know that wns no ghost, but a man of flesh and blood, and I did not boliovo ho held tlio mino alono. So I waited, qxpeeting a swarm of avongors to throw tliomsolvos upon mo. But nono camo, and silonco settled ouco mora over tho cavern, and my courago enmo olowlv'' ftp wing buck. I wont forwurd nnd turned tlio fellow with niy foot, aud saw that ho was quite doad. , And tho fuco that stared up ut too wus ono of the worst of tho typo of the border ruffian." , Tlio speaker pauBod nnd looked ubout him. iAU wore following, him ;withi' broathloss at tention, 'so rivotcd.ilpon his words .that nono (had lifted a glass to try- tlio decoction tho portor had. brought. A finer compliment than this ooiild not havo boon paid. Ho saw. this, "and smiled doprceatingiy. "DrinkJ gcntlomcn," ho said, "tho ghost is laid." " But tho end of tlio story P" "Commonplace. Comiuonpluco. A gang of counterfeiters lmd taken possession of tho mino, which, was liovor very rich. - But with a littlo trno motul that tlioy sinoltcd out tlioy combined much spurious stuff, nnd so manu factured a supply of ooin that had long givon thorn a fuio profit, and the Government ll< grciit deal of tronblo. Tho archer was a stool-pigeon to wurn' oowards away," wlion tho gang woro not tlioro to guurd tlio mine in force. I got away as quiokly us I could linil gavo information, nnd went with n posso of troops tlint surrounded nnd secured tliom. all." "' ' - , ' Ho waited a moment, and then looked at his wutoli.' "Midnight," ho said. "I guoss it's timo to turn in." ' Tho'pato young man whom thoy had taken to bo a : clergyman drow a bottle from his pookot nnd quiotly ..fiitad his. glass whieli tlio Others iiow x'oreoived ountainodbiit a raodioum of water. '' / "I would liko to ask a question," . he said, diffidently. _. - . -Tlio iiurrator lookod at him in alnrm. ".Is that a truo story, F" nskod the.youug man, / ' - " . ' - ' . Tho narrator noddod. . " Well, I say thon," continued tho other, "lot's not have any more ghost stotSos, unions the gliost is brought on tho stngo..'' This is top' liiuuli liko iiliiy-iny Hamtat with tlio Pfiueo loft out." \--"Whioli the others thought was a curious illustration for a olprgyman to use, as well' as tho suggestion regarding bringing tho gliost on tho 1 stngo. Likewise tho odour of old, Bourbon that fillod tlio smoker- liko a gracious presenco as tho. young man bunded around tlie , flask which ho had drawn from his pdokot. . . to be continued to-morbow. 