MISTAKEN PRIDE [By the Author of ''Lady Bridgeworth's Sin.''] CHAPTER VII.—(Continued.) And then Lucie drifted on to the question of her marriage. Her face was dyed a soft rose as she talked. ''Walter says he wants the wedding to be immediately — immediately, Pen. What can he mean by that?'' '' Now — at once — directly — post-haste — without delay !'' said Penelope,with the smile that lit up her face, but did not linger now as it used to do — '' that is the true meaning of the word in the dictionary, Lucie. I hope you will write and let Aunt Julia know of your good fortune as soon as possible.'' ''We shall see what she has written. No doubt mother will want me to answer the letter some time soon.'' Mrs. Rochdale's letter, however, had not even been opened. Mrs. Desborough had been in an equal state of delight and excitement with her daughter over the unexpected good news ; her correspondence had been forgotten for the moment. Tlio delay in reading the letters was, how ever, soon remedied when her two children joined her. Penolope was standing in the window where she and Denis had exchanged that last never-to-be-forgotton conversation, when her mother's voice, full of astonishment, broke in on the dreamy heaviness of her thoughts. '' Just fancy ! your aunt is on board Denis Latimar's yacht — she and Marcia. They have been with him nearly a month. Why, they must have joined him immediately he left us. She says they have had a delightful time, only short cruises about the coast, and their head quarters have been at Southampton. She alludes to their mourning,'' Mrs. Desborough said, looking up from the letter, '' and the paper is black-edged, so some one in Mr. Rochdale's family must be dead. I wonder Julia did not tell me of this before.'' ''You forget, mumsey, you are really not of very great importance.'' Penelope spoke dryly, with a touch of bitterness in her voice. Mrs. Desborough only laughed ! she took the speech as one of Pen's loving imper- tinences, and the bitterness escaped her. Lucie had flitted out of the room for a mo- ment, and had not heard what her sister said. She came back in time to learn from the end of Mrs. Rochdale's letter that Latimar Court was to be opened in October, and a large house-party, among which her aunt and her cousin were to be found, was going to be entertained by Denis Latimar. ''Why, we shall be quite gay,'' Mrs. Desborough said, her pretty face looking almost young with the glow of pleasure and animation this news had awakened. ''It will recall something of the old days. Ah ! I am glad Denis is going to do this. He promised me he would come back to his home as soon as he could ; but I did not think it would be so soon. Pen, my darling, this will make a great difference for you. You will have some of the enjoyment and gaiety you ought to have. I shall let Denis know how glad I am when I write. I wonder he has not sent me the news himself. I have not had a letter from him since that one he wrote just after he left us.'' ''If he has been yachting, that will account for his silence,'' Lucie said, with that gentle tact and sympathy that always made her try to smooth things. Penelope, playing with the tassel of the blind, looked over her shoulder. ''And what does your favourite, the rector, say, mumsey, darling?'' she asked, strangling a yawn, and appearing overcome with sleep. Mrs. Desborough hastily opened Mr. De Burgh's letter. ''It is a confirmation of your aunt Julia's news,'' she answered. ''Orders have been sent to the Court, and already work-people are in the house, and the whole place looks wide awake. Mr. De Burgh is so pleased !'' ''In fact,'' Penelope observed, as she left her window — ''in fact, there is general rejoice- ing, and Stevenstone will be out of its senses with delight. Mumsey, I am going to lie down. I can't keep my eyes open, and unless I give way to an hour of sloth I shall be absolutely incapable of giving a definite opinion on the subject of Lucie's trousseau. Supposing I said I would have a bridesmaid's dress of yellow when I meant green ! The thought is too horrible !'' ''Come and give me a kiss, my baby,'' the mother said, tenderly, as she watched the graceful little form moving slowly away, Penelope returned instantly and pressed her lips to her mother's, then, with a prodigious yawn, sauntered through the doorway. Mrs. Desborough sat for an instant looking after her, then turned to her daughter. ''Lucie,'' she said, tremulously, ''I — I hope Pen is well. She looked pale just now, did you not think so ? And her lips, when she kissed me, were quite cold. If —--'' ''Dearest mother,'' Lucie hastened to say, ''there is nothing wrong ; she is only sleepy, She sits out there on those rocks till she gets stiff and tired. I will go and see after her if you like.'' ''No ; leave her. It was only my fancy, very likely ; let her rest. If she thinks I am anxious she will come back again, and the hour's sleep will do her good. And then the mother's heart turned to the happiness that had come to her other child, and the two who had been together so much and so closely sat and discussed the future while Penelope, safe within her bedroom, with locked door, walked to and fro in the restless misery that filled her heart. If she suffered now at the bare mention of what lay before her in the time close at hand, what would she not suffer when that time had actually come ! It seemed to her she would not be able to go through with the task that lay before her. CHAPTER VIII. Lucie's good fortune raised her considerably in the eyes of her worldly relatives. Mrs. Rochdale wrote a warm letter of congratula- tion, and declared the pleasure it would give Marcia and herself to be present at the wed- ding, which was fixed for the second week in October. Mrs. Rochdale wrote: '' We shall then be settled for our visit at Lati- mar Court, and most conveniently so, my dear Lucie, under the circumstances. Your uncle re- grets he will not be able to be present, but he unites with me in much love and hearty good wishes, and hopes you will like the little trifle he has sent you as a remembrance on such an auspicious occasion. The trifle alluded to consisted of a very massive clock, which had quite a baronial air. The bracelet you will receive is from Marcia, and I am sending you a set of unmounted ame- thysts, which will be peculiarly suitable and be- coming to your colouring . We have had a most delightful time with Mr. Latimar. I find him an enchanting man-so kind and clever, quite out of the ordinary. We look forward to our stay at Latimar Court with the keenest pleasure, not only because of our sincere liking for our host, but because we shall be so close to your dear mother, and shall be able to pop in upon her at all hours and seasons. Our love, etc., etc. Lucie replied with sincere thanks for the handsome gifts she had received, and at the same time she wrote a few words of graceful acknowledgment to Denis Latimar for the exquisite necklace of beautiful pearls that had been sent down to the bride-elect, with his good wishes attached. It was going to be a very quiet wedding— merely the nearest relatives and one or two old friends were to be present. There was, however, much to be done in preparations, for Lucie was to be carried off by her husband for a tour abroad immediately after the ceremony, and there was little time to get together all the clothes she would need. The house-party was to assemble at Latimar Court just three days before the wedding, and and as the moment drew nearer for her trial, Penelope plunged deeper and faster in to the business of preparing her sister's things. She was apparently in high spirits— the laughing, merry Penelope of old — with a joke always on her lips and a sparkle in her eyes. Had her mother and Lucie been less preoc- cupied, they might have noticed that every now and then Penelope's laughter seemed to come in a spasmodic way, and that there seemed to be a kind of effort in her merriment ; also, that now and then a wan, colourless look crept over the fair beauty of her face and changed it utterly. But there was so much to be done — so much excitement and hurry — that Penelope was not submitted to any careful scrutiny in side the house ; and though one pair of eyes watched her keenly and tenderly, they were careful not to let the girl have the faintest inkling of this. Harold De Burgh was, in truth, troubled about Penolope. The change that she thought was so carefully hidden, so well covered, had been palpable to him from the first. He was troubled not only because of his love, but because it hurt him to see this shadow on so fair and bright a jewel of humanity. He was constantly at Laburnum Cottage. Penelope treated him, behind his back, with great irreverence. ''Here comes Bogy again,'' she would cry to Lucie, as she saw the rector's black coat coming up the pathway. Lucie was always a little vexed with her sister on the question of the rector. She had a vague hint of the truth. She guessed that something more than mere interest and admiration filled the rector's heart for Penelope, and she always had a little reproof ready for the girl's very liberal indifference to the handsome young clergyman. ''Dear Pen,'' she said, on one occasion, '' I wish you would not call Mr. De Burgh by such a stupid name, it — '' ''I deny that it is a stupid name,'' cried Penelope, lightly. She was sitting at the window, embroidering some initials on some handkerchiefs. She was an exquisite needle woman ; her work was marvellous. ''I think it is over so much prettier than De Burgh ; and then it suits him, he is so solemn and ''— pausing for a word — '' so stalky. Do you know what I mean, Lucie ? He does not walk ; he stalks like a ghost to and fro. I shall always call him Bogy as long as I live.'' Lucie was nonplussed for a moment. ''I don't think mother likes it, Pen,'' she said ; and this was artful of her, for her mother's name was a word to conjure with. ''I would not do anything to vex my angel mother for anything in the wide, wide world,'' Penelope cried, with almost strange passion ; and then she pulled herself up. ''But,'' she said, deliberately, ''I don't believe she minds. In any case, I will go and ask her this very minute.'' ''Pen ! Pen !'' Lucie ran hurriedly after her. ''Pen, darling, be careful. He, Mr. De Burgh, is there now. Oh ! do-----" ''No moment could be better,'' Penelope answered, gravely. '' I shall put the question to him at the same time !'' And she actually carried her threat into practice, while Lucie retired to her corner again, covered with hot blushes and mortification. Certainly Pen was what might be termed a ''handful'' occasionally. The rector's pale face flushed a little as Penelope came into the room. Often as he went to the cottage, he did not get many opportunities of a chat with the girl. She was like a will-o'-the-wisp, here, there, and everywhere. ''I have something to ask you, mumsey, Lucie has been scolding me. She says I have no right to call Mr. De Burgh ''Bogy,'' that you would not like it, and — '' Poor Mrs. Desborough literally gasped. ''Oh ! Pen, dear,'' she began, but the rector was laughing heartily. ''Do yon want to call me ''Bogy ?'' he asked Pen, half lightly, half tenderly. '' Not if you give me permission, was her demure reply. She was perched on the arm of her mother's chair. ''I don't care for any authorized things,'' she cried, ''not for any.'' ''Mrs. Desborough put her delicate hands on the girl's pretty ones. ''Pen, my darling !'' she said, with gentle reproof. (To be continued.) 