I He Meant Well; L \ The Lover of Nancy Brown. ? CHAPTER I My dear Johnny,' said the respcct widow Brag to her sod, 4 what is good of your going ou in this way ? HEre, instead of minding the business, K are day after day galloping and Hallivanting, steplo chasing, foxhunt ?ng, lord- bunting, awasting your time End your substance, and tbe shop going Ko Old Nick, and you gotting dipped in p stead of your candles.' K foolishly 1 You are of the old school, — H excellent in your way, but a long way ^?behindhand: the business is safe enough. ^?Tou cannot suppose, with the education have hod, I can meddle with moulds, ^Bor look after sixes, tens, fours to the ^Bpound, or farthing rushlights ; — no ^?thanks to my enlightenment, I flatter H^nyself 1 soar a little higher than that.' K * No nonsense, Johnny 1 * said Mrs. B Brag. 4 All you have now, and all you spent since your poor father's death F as gained by your father's enlighten ^ ment of his customers : and how do you e- luppose I can carry on the trade if you F will not now and then attend to it? ' ! ' Take my advice, ray dear mother/ ' said Jack, 1 and marry. I'm old enough now not to care a fig for a father-in- law ; — marriage is tho plan, as X Bay to my friend Lord Tom — straight up, right down, and no mistake. Get a sensible, stir-about husband, who does not mind grubbing, and hasn't a nose ? ' ' Hasn't a nose, interrupted Mrs. Brag. ' I don't mean literally/ said Jack *' 'but sportingly; — does not mind the particular scent of tallow — you under stand. Let him into the trioks of the trade : you will still be queen bee of the hive, — make him look after tbe drones, while you watch the wax/ ? And while you, Johnny, lap up the honey/ said the queen-bee. « Do what you like/ said her son, * only marry — ' marry come up,' as Bomebody says in a play/ * But, John,1 said Mrs. Brag, 4 1 have no desire to change my condition.' ' Nor I that you should/ said Jack ; ' but I wish you would change your name. As long as 1 Brag, wax and * tallow chandler/ sticks up on the front of the house, with three dozen and four dips swinging along the shop front like so many malefactors expiating their crimes, 1 live in a perpetual fever lest my numerous friends should inquire whether I am one of the firm, or the family.' 1 Johnny/ said Mrs. Brag, 'you are a silly felllow. What is there to be ashamed of in honest industry ? If all \- the fine folks whom you go a-hunting with, #nd all tbe rest of it, like you, and are really glad to see you, it is for your self alone : and if they, who must know by your name ana nature tuu-u yuu wm never be one of themselves care a button for you. your trade, so as you do not oarry it about with you, will do you no harm- What difference is it to them how you get your thorough-bred horses, your smart scarlet coat, neat tops, and white cords, bo as you have them! — thev won't give you any new ones when . they are gone/ 4 It is all very well talking, said Johnny, 1 but I never should show my . . face amongst them if I once thought ! - - fchey guessed at my real trade. 1 live in y_ afegular worry as it is. If ever a fellow asks me if I . was at Melton last year, ^ -_ihat jnoment I think of the shop — K^^retty mould of ahorse'* tingles in my Kr rannt. din of the country ' sets me I; ^^foubting ; : and, only last week, a pro go 'erose country and meet Lord ? 'Snmoane'fl. harriers at Hampton Wick r,.'. .iiea^yje^tingmBhed ?me.' ;???? - Ai'd-T^atrnow, Johnny, ' said Mrs. 4ot, ifnot fora iallflj^hpijdleE:' :;r- ' Aiijuidepei|dant^g6ntlemaiit''r&id; his mother, 7 ? a gentleman who haB nothing to de pend upon.' ' They look upon me as an agreeable K?. rattle, saw Jonn. p.- , i One that has often been in thewatch : man's hands, too ' said the old lady. I talk big and ride small, I1 am iv?|ibra.ys up with the hounds — never flinch ? ^ anything, — iuu tho pride of the field 1 go,— and in slwople-chases infinite value.' Ana. very little . weight, my dear ^ ^b^miiy/ interrupted his mother. ^ feySsrOhe 'of my dearest friends,' con '.Lord Tom Towzle, a the 'females. is going to put mc up as a candidate at the Travellers.' ' What, riders for respectable houses ?' said Mrs. Brag : ' and a very properclub too.' 'Respectable houses!' said Jack. ' Poh ! not a bit of it I What ! bagmen in buggies with boxes of buttons in tbe boots? No, no! the Travellers— par Mccllmr?. ' 4 Par what? ' said Mrs* Brag.4 What, d'ye mean the fine club-house in Pall Mall which you showed me the outside of, last King's birth night ? ' ? The same/ said Brag. ' Now, if I had stuck to the naked, as Lord Tom says — told the plain unvarnished — I never could have qualified. Lord Tom asked me if I should like to belong to tbe Travellers ; — in course I said yes — straight up, right down, and no mistake. Well, then he asked me if I could qualify; — so not quite understanding him he says, ' Have yon ever been to Greece 1 ' — ' Yes,' said I : — 3 might have added 1 up to tbe elbows often ; ' didn't though. Had him dead. Down ho whips my name, and calls in Sir Somebody Something out of the street to second me.' * If you should get in there Johnny.' said Mrs. Brag, ' do get 'em to give up gas and tako to oil on illumination nights. But what I think is, somebody is sure to find you out, Johnny.' ' Time enough,' said Jack. ' I'm going it now smooth and soft across the country, increasing my acquaintance ; falling into the society of elegant females — women of fashioD, with beautiful ! faces and liberal hearts ; — introduced to I three last week — proud as peacocks to ' everybody else, delighted with me ; — | met them at Ascot — cold collation in | the carriage — champagne iced from I London ; — got on capital — never was so happy in my life — hottest weather I ever felt ; spirits mounted — I was the delight of the party — told them half a dozen stories of myself, and made them laugh like cockatoos, but I was bundled all of , heap by the Marquis of Middlesdale who had been at luncheon with the King, who, in passing the barouche, gave me a smack on the back you might have heard to Egham, and cried out, ' Jack, this is a melting day, is'nt it 1 ' ' He meant it, Johnny, depend upon it,' said Mrs. Brag. ' I've no doubt he did,' said Brag, ' for it was as hot as ever I felt it ? ' ' — In the back shop,' interrupted his mother. ' But pray, Johnny, where do these people think you live 1 ' ' At the great house in Grosvenor Street,' said Jack, ' next door to What d'ye-call-'em's Hotel : my name is on the door, and my address on my card.' ' But you don't live there, said Mrs. Brag. ' Not I,' replied tho son, ' I only rent tho door.' ? How d'ye mean ? ' said hiB mother. ' Why, I went to the man,' said Brag ' who keeps the house. ? Now, Sir, says I, I want to rent four square incheB of your panels.' He was puzzled for the moment ; but I was down upon him in no time and no mistake. — Oat 1 pulls from mv socket a brass plate of those precise dimensions, whereon iB engraven ' Mr. Brag.' — What will you take per annum,' said I, to let this be screwedon to your door, and let your servant take in my cards and letters ? Startled him a little at first : however, he entered himself for the plate, acceded to my proposition, — and so for the trifling consideration of fonr guineas per annum and a tip to the slavey, I get the oredit of five windows in front, three stories high, in one of the best streets in London.' ' But do none of your friends ever expeot to be let in ? ' said Mrs Brag. ' Yes,' said Brag, ' for a good thing now and then, — and so they are, pretty often. Long head, motner — aave u here,' — tapping his forehead -with his forefinger — ' look simple with my fresh colour and curly hair, But as deep as. Garrick — cannot write -your X's, Z's with me, — else, in course, they - might expect admission. 1 Not at lipnie, is always the answer. 1 Out of town 1 ' is 'the next question : — ' Yes, is tbe next answer.' — ' Where ? ' comes neit* — ' Down at his little place in Surrey.' That finishes it. They lodge their pasteboard and away they go.' ' ' Little place' in Surrey 1' said Mrs, Ttmg ; ? ? Why, what d'ye mean ? — have you a country house too 1 ' 1 Country- hijuse ! ' said Brag. 'Lord bless yopr jlear. heart, not I. Nothing but my old lodging, on the second floor, No. 87,: at tho . carpenter's, corncr of Caterpillar Bow, Konriington.' ' And that you cii.ll your little place in Surrey. do.yoii ? ' said Mrs. Brag. ' Yes, juother, and no fib neither,' said Brag££t.'3t is almost the littlest plaoe I dVeV «aw in niy life ; and as 'for Caterpillar Bow, if & isn't in Surrey, I know nothing of going 'cross a country/ I 4 Ah, Johnny, Johnny/ said his respected parent with a mingled look of sorrow and admiration, ? You never will mend till it is too late I ' * Mother,' Baid Jack, ' now you say that, I shink I shall be too late for Lord Tom Towzle. We are going off for Wigglesford to mark out a line. All ready for a run 1 we have got no mercy in us — none of your bowling green, daisy-cutting work for us— no, we'll try to pick out rasping fences, bottomless brooks, and ditches as wide as rivers ; — a steeple chase without killing a horse or two, cracking a collar bone, slipping a shoulder, or pitching an outand outer on the top of his conk, is no fun in the world/ Ah ! well, well/ said Mrs. Brag. 4 1 wish you would give a little time to the books and the business ; some day you | will repent this. * Not I, mother/ said Jack ; I can pull up any day aud marry. I never yot saw the woman I could not win — they are all ready to eat me up ; in course as the book says, I am more wary — hang back a bit. Don't you see as I get on in tho world I get up ; and if I can marry a Lady Sally or a Lady Susan— eh ! won't that be nico ! — 'specially if there happens to be an odd thirty or forty thousand pounds tacked to the title.' 4 Don't flatter yourself, Johnny/ said U_. D ? I ? UnnA . t Aire, ijregg, buuojiig I , «.«««. ! scheme will never answer.' 4 YouHl see/ s-id Jack ; — ' I say nothing, but you'll see. If I wero to sit down and write an accoutof my ad ventures with the females, I should be run after like a sight. Tbe females of fashion that I meet at the races call me 4 dear Johnny/ as it is.' 4 1 wonder you are not afraid of see ing the ghost of your poor father/ said the widow/ 4 What I tho govenor ?' cried Jack ; ? nevor mind ghosts ror governors, here is my Leoporello. So I'm off. Food bye, dear mother ! you shall see me again soon, — I shall be back by Satur day, and so keep snug Sunday/ 4 Where ? at your town house in Grosvenor-street, or your little place in Surrey V said the old lady. 'Neither, I take it/ said Jack, looking as wise as a ver y foolish person could. 4 1 devote Sunday afternoon to very select society, — eh, — females of fashion delightful creatures, and all that. So adieu. Kissing tho matron's cheek away went our hero in order to revel in all the luxuries of sport, and in the society which, he admitted, kept him in a fever while he was in it : not that tho true circle of his aristocratic acquaint ance was particularly large, however much he nominally increasod it by dubbing every man his friend with whom he had happened to bunt in the same field or dine in a public company of three hundred and fifty ; and every well dressed woman a lady of fashion whom he happened to Bee with the tigers in whose set he mingled. Mrs. Brag, who felt extremely anxious about her son and herself, saw that the business was rapidly 4 burning down/ The introduction of oil had superseded wax ; and since that, the adoption of gas had superseded oil. No efforts were made to improve the concern, and all she heard, wasof considerable drafts from the account at the banker's, and very small payments into it ; and Mrs. Brag, a comely, hearty-looking body of he time of fife, began to ponder tne words which her dutiful 6on had with little apparent earnestness let drop, as to changing her condition, with a view to increase the reputation of the house and extend its sphere of action, while^he name at sight of which her son trembled, might be withdrawn. She did not clearly see her way in this proceeding : nor had she either fixed her affections upon any particular object, nor was she conscious that she had attracted the re gards of any suitable partner. However, the notibn was entertained — the idea had been started ; and how the exemplary matron set her means to work, in order to effect the grand object we may, if we live long, enough, yet discover. The reader, perhaps, in the few pages ? i ? — , I ? ? -1 ? 1 . or oondesoended to read, has already discovered what sort of a man Mr John Brag is, or was. It seemed best to give a short domestic Bcene in the candle manufactory by way of prelude to the genteel comedy, in which the gay de ceiver is destined to perform ; and it will be only nebessary to keep in mind the sage yet ineffective lesson of tbe dear old body to whom her affectionate son recommended matrimony, in order duly to appreciate the performance of her 'pretty boyi' who, spite of his colour and his curls, was verging upon what might be called the ' shady side ' of thirty. Old Mrs. Brag had, as Miss Scropps, married at seventeen ; and although, as far as my own experience goes, I admit I never saw suoh a thing, she 'was said to be a lady of nearly fifty-five years of X ^somewhere about the period at ch this glimpse at the history other yet unrecorded family begins. n ? l.~ ann'nAanJ (1 . n i . T J.U Uiaif UO, DU^JWDOU UUBII X BUUIUU apologise for bringing the eyesf or perhaps the noses, of my readers in con taot with all the arcana of Mr John's shop ; but I have a reason for doing so. I propose not merely to show by ^lus tration how very ridioulous a pretender must always be, but to exhibit a strik ing instanoe of the -retributive justice, which seems somehow to keep the world, in an equipoise, by exhibiting the wonderful utility otorhicb the meanest and stupidest animal extjvnt may prove, as ride (to quote tho words of James the First, about Drcmonology) tho fable of the Lion, the Mouse, and the Meshes. Soar we then for a moment from the gloom of tho tallo\v-chandler to a -more charming region, and to people of a different mould, — and yet who, as the reader-will see, may in the course of ! events become connected ,andintdmately too, with our sprightly gentleman in the scarlet jacket and white cords. Let us therefore, betake ourselves to the boudoir of one of the most charming young widows in England, where she is sitting -tete-a-tete with her unmarried sister, I talking over two absent gentlemen, I whose tempers aud dispositions are the immediate subject of their conversation. . Mrs Dallington, the elder of the two ladies so engaged, had been married at nineteen, m-jrely to oblige her father (who died six months afterwards), to a gentleman of the name which she still bore : who, to all the other merits which distinguished bis character, emu lated in a high degree the fox-hunting propensities of the tallow man in the white cords of whom we have just spoken. He was, however, rich, and a gentleman, and had a right to make as great a fool of himself*as he pleased, — and so he did : and tbe foolery began in his leaving a beautiful wife, with a pair of black eyes as black as sloes and as bright a5 diamonds, alone and moping, while he was amusing himself by fol lowing his dogs, which dogs were fol lowing something certainly not sweeter than themselves across tbe couutry. Mr. Dallington, who rode about nine stone four, one fine morning, when the scent lay 44 uncommon strong/' the dogs in full cry, tbe field in - a state of the highest excitement, the fox going away right on-end across a heavy country, which would probably break the hearts of some of the horses and the necks of some of the riders, met with a slight ac cident, which in fox-hunting goes for very little, but which in its proverbial or convivial parallel, matrimony, goes for something more. In switching a rasper, the exemplary and high-spirited gentle man missed his tip, and pitched right upon his head in the middle of a ditch, where he remained exactly long enough to make the lovely wife he had left at home a very delightful widow. Dallington, or at least what had been Dallington in the early part of the day, was put on a hurdle and taken to a farm-house ; whence the melancholy in telligence was conveyed to his lady, who, with all the respect she felt for her late father's judgment in selecting him for her partner for life, considered the event which had just taken place as philo sophically as any woman of strong feel ings and a tendor disposition might be supposed to endure any sudden shock which results from tbe death of a fellow creature. True, most trno it is, sho never had felt that sort of love for the husband forced upon her, as a 'line match/' which a woman ought to feel for the being who is destined (if he be fortu nate enough) to share her hopes, her wishes, and her happiness. Mrs. Dalling was a creature all intellect, all vivacity, all fire ! full of arch playful ness and gaiety of heart, and as com gletely the reverse of her quiet, timid, and sensative sister, as light of darkness fire of water, or any other two unmeet able oppesites. There are many adages connected with love and matrimony, which itmust be admitted are, however forcible in themselves, extremely contradictory of each other. But, in the course of con siderable experience in such matters, I am apt to imagine that the real truth is — supposing always exceptions to general rules — that women are most apt to pre fer men the least lfke themselves ; and men vice verm. It is the pride of a little ma n to have a large wife ; it is the taste of a tall man to possess a short one : a fair woman admires a dark Lothario ; while a bright-eyed Brunette delights in blazing away upon a fair Romeo. A learned man eschews a blue partner ; he relaxes into ease in the company of his ordinarily-educated better half, add re poses from his graver studies in the agreeabb common -places of an intelli gent but not obstruse associate ; while the learned lady prefers the plodding spouse/and never desires that he should never meddle with her arts in sciences, but merely wishes him to exert his energies in the comfortable arrange ment of their accomplishment, and the acquirement of their supplies necessary to set off her own attractions in their most alluring form bofore the visitors whom Bhe chooses to invite. The assimilation of tempers and dis positions which happiness grows be tween married couples, is, in fact, a habit most amiable and advantageous : the handwriting of men and their wives become like each other in the course of time. But whether the love of con traries in the abstract, be or be not, so general as some observers would have it to be, certain it is that in the particular individual case before us it did exist. Sir Charles Lydiard had been, just about the period at whioh the reader iB introduced to him, some two years pay ing his addresses to the vivacious widow Dallington. .He was a man of high prinoipal, rigid honour, polished man ners and most amiable disposition ; but he wascold, reserved, and even suspioious of the object of hiB affeotions. His suspicions, or perhaps they might be more justly called doubts, arose not from tne slightest want of confidence In the candonr or sincerity of the lady, but in a want of oonnaenoe in mmseir. He might fairly have said to his heroine with Steele's hero : — ? ' Of yoq I am not jealous, — 'Tis my own indesertthat gives me fears.: / -Andtendernessforms dangers where they're not. I doubt and envy all things that approach thee/1 ; There he was, the constant, faithful lover, never away from the house, sitting and sighing.'4 .lilce furnace, V listening to ' the gaieties of .Mrs. Dallington's oonver sation, a very spectre pf despair, hot ill described. by the English Anstbphahes in the person of onfr Harry Heotio, with a bunch of jonquils in his button-hole, looking dead and dressed, like thVwax i work in Westminster Abbey. There was no a-nimating him no rousing him into a proposal ; his attachment had be* come habitual, and day after day tbe I affair went on without | progressing,' , as the Americans have it, one inch. And yet the widow was devoted to Sir Chariest It must be admitted that she every morning expected tbe question ; but every evening that expectation was blighted, and the worthy baronet re turned from his placid state of negative happiness to his solitary home, to lie awake for hours balancing the chances of matrimony, and endeavouring to make up his mind t - the deciding in quiry which, if the real truth were told, he lingeringly delayed, apprehensive that it might meet with a negative certain not ouly to kill the hopes which sometimes outweighed his doubts, but to put an end to his acquaintance with the charming widow altogether. While Sir Charles Lydiard remained thus drooping in the bright sunshine of Mrs. Dallington's eyes, her timid sister Blanche was undergoing a seigc of a very different nature. Far from con tenting himself, to use a military phrase, with sitting down before the place- and establishing a corps of observation merely to watch the enemy, Frank Rusbton, who was more madly in lovo than ever dandy had been found to be for many years, had for the last tbree months, — tho whole period, in fact, of his acquaintance with her, — been assiduously and incessantly carrying on an attack upon the heart ol his adorable Dulcinea ; and as it appeared, with as little chance of making an impression as her sister bad of exciting Sir Charles to an offer. In fact, the four players at this love-game were equally divided into the fi(nay aud frosty ; but which in tbe sequel made all the sport, as Mr. Brag wouH have called it, the partners were so curiously matched, and the icicles and .sunbeams so regularly and herald ically counter-changed, that the lovers and their mistresses wore tho uxoct oppositcs of each other, It was ex tremely amusing to hear tbe discussions in which Sir Charles and his friend Rusbton were in the habit of indulging. 4 My dear Frank,' said Sir Charles ' your affection for Blanche is madness, — the way in which you go on, gets me in fever : and as for the poor young creature herself, she is absolutely harrassed out of her wits.' 4 So you think, Sir Charles/ replied Frank ; 1 but it strikes me that her sis ter would not bo less pleased with your society if you were to follow my ex ample. Why, there you sit, moping and melancholy, as if you wero on tho verge of your own gravo, instead of bo ingon the verge of all earthly happinoss you look and languish, sigh and say no fhinrr unH likn Hin r^irdinill. din. find make no sign.' 4 It may be so,' said the barouet, — 1 suppose it is so ; but I cannot. — struggle as I may with my feelings, — I cannot overcome the doubts which seem to me to cloud the prospect of the felicity of which you talk so easily.' 4 Doubts? my dear iriend/ said Rushton ; 4 what doubts can you have ? Your doubts are, in fact,; jealousies, — and how needless. Mrs. Dallington has been a wife, — and never was a more exemplary wife in the world/ 1 Her trial was short/- said Sir Charles ; nor should I call it a fair one, — her marriage was not one of love.' 4 Then bo much the greater her credit for the conduct she observed,' said Rushton. 4 The struggle did not last long/ re plied Sir Charles ; 4 her husband was killed within eight months of her marriage.' ' She bore her loss like a Christian,' said Rushton. 'Yes/ sighed the baronet; it is wonderful to behold tbepiouBresignation of ladies in ber position/ 4 Well,' said Rushton, * If your apprehensions overcome your affection, and your doubts transcend your hopes, break off the acquaintance at once, — take your hat and go ? ' 1 And be neither missed nor inquired after in all probability/ said Lydiard. 4 There you wrong your fair friend/ said Rushton, 4 She values you, esteems ytfu, and with a very little trouble on your part would love you. Your flame is so gentle, that it scarcely warms ; and, like the fire . in the grate there, if she did not occasionally stir it with good nature and kind looks, my belief is, it would go out entirelv.' ' My dear Rushton/ said Sir Charles, ( you entirely misunderstand my charac ter, and the character of my affection i for our charming friend : my doubts are I the ' fruits of love.' ' I 4 Amostdisagreeable harvest Lydiard/ replied Rushton, \- Tmifl * oot/1 fliw P.hftVlAa * Vmt. I Ann not conquer them. You blame my caution and coldness ; but when I see you devoting yourself, hand over head, if I may so say, to the mild, quiet, timid, blushing creature, Blanche, 1 cannot, since I had the honour of intro ducing you to the family, but feel anxious on your account. 1 don't ^ be lieve one word of all those professions of meekness, and mildness, and modesty of which that young lady is so profusely uoenu, x uttvu own uol with her sister, — while you, blinded by your passion, have seen nothing — whioh convince me that you would do well to scrutinise and consider before you plunge into the stormy ooean of matrimony.' 'Why/ said Rushton, 'Blanche is something like Moore's beautiful Nora Creena: c Few her looks, but every one T.ilfft unexpected light surprises.1 * ' Egad ! ' said Lydiard, ' The light I saw was both surprising and unexpected. I have some little experience in family telegraphs, but the signal she threw out was one not altogether complimentary to you, for she seemed to me to be laughing at you/ (To b* continued,) 