TOE Founxn PAGE.—Oar Sydney Iiett?:, Laud Kotcs and other reading matter wili be found oil the fourth page of this issue. HoBSE-DEAL-isa EXTEAOEDINAST.— One daT last week, a traveller with a horse in a much reduced condition arrived at Berrigan, and placed his animal for agistment in a neighboring paddock. Shortly afterwards the emaciated "critter" resolrod that the climate of this terrestrial globo was unfit for anything but camels, and arranging its affairs, proceeded to Ehake off its mortal coil, l'he owner, recognizing the iinniutabilitr of its resolve, at once looked around fora lLkely purchaser, and made an offer of his right, title and interest in the Baid animal to a friend for 7s 6d, and together they procooded lo inspect the property previous to' completing tho snlo. The xnoko was discovered leaning against a tree, but as the prospective buyer and seller approached, he assumed recumbent attitude, and decliucd to ri when invited by a prop of a poiutcd stick. The intending buyer at once cried off his bargain, and the owner looked around for another purchaser to take the property off his hands before it was too late. Mooting Joey", :i well-known identity, reading a Deiulwood Dick" he offered the horse to iui for a pint of rum and the snnguinarv >lmm\ an offer that was accepted without irtber parley, tho inspection taking placc lerivnrds. AVheu the horse was inspected lie was found to be at the last gasp, and the i-vsl-while owner congratulated himself on :nalviiin u pood deal, and retired to cloit over the pages or "Tho Black Spectre" or ' I lie Ghost ot Dcudn-ood Lane ", while the purchaser had to mule arrangements for the iMiituiiry services of his new possesion 'J rulv, horse- dealing is a purely Ai-.'lraliau MAltiilAOi:.—It will be remembered that. Jlr \ alentine gave some good advice lust winter on Courtship and Marriage, and to those who have been following his precepts intl now wish to |commit matrimony it will be pood news to hear that in the Government Gazette " of the 14th iust. it is notified thai he has been registered for the celebration of Marriages, as an officiating Minister of the l 1 ibvtei I Church. TEE] E-HET RAILWAY..-The •respondent of last Saturdai's vs •—" The Minister of Railwa'vs •ived the ueccssnry signatures • owners for the transfer, free of cost to life Government, of the land required for the purposes of the Berrigan-,rerilderie railway, will at once sign the tender of j iUe.-sra Smith, Fin hyson and Ti'niujs for the onstruction ot the line." ' Cim'KBl.—A cricLet match will be played on' the .local ground on Monday uexL (Foundation Day), between the .lerilderie uiiil Hcrri^an club-. The vibiting team will be: -Fowler, Falkiner. Cnrtiii. l.ewis. Maslert'jn. Mawron, Kaleigh, liankiii. Sawtell, Solomon and Walsh. The Ueiri-an team will he -elected from Jlarwicl, Uurivood, Dibbs, Druminond. Jeai^, I.vsagbt, Laptlierue (2), M'Donulil, XlehoU'on, Trollope, Tearnc and Carter. Tho tcnin will be >eleele ! on the irrouml on ^londav inornin>'. CM: • Ex NS.—The Railn ailve tisn.ig columns that they will run ex fares o;> 'i iinr-diivs from Oeri residents suffering from the excessive licat to seek a more favorable locality till a change is experienced. The fares are 27s fid class return, available for three woeks HAVI:IIN.II;I: RACKS.—Horscowner;? minded that nominations for the Savcrnako llaudii-ap, Eiying Handicap and Hurdle Race, closi ill] tli Hon. Sec. (Mr E. T). O'Dwyer) Monday next at AEOTION SALES.—There was a good attendance at Driimmond Bros, auction sale on Saturday last. Several allotments of land were offered, two adjoining the Moinalong Hotel being sold for £r,0 and £00 respectively. The corner opposito Gardiner's store was passed in at £5S, and several other allotments were rcserred at from £20 to £40. Two cottages in Biidd Street wero bid for nn £180, 30 acres of land near tho town up li £1 lCs and 00 acres to £3 10s. Several horses and sundries were also offered. The same firm offer to-morrow 800 pairs of boots in an assigned estate. Tin: WEATIIEU. — The protracted heat .shows no sign or abatement, the past weekhaving been uncomfortably hot. The temperature has exceeded 100 ncarlv every day and up to 115 degrees has been registered! The nights offer no respite, and prevent healthy sleep. If the weather does not spocdily change, a good deal of aickucBB may be anticipated. '-I'm: NEW JSEAEAM> LOA.Y A.VD M. A. Co. —Attention is directed to the alteration in the advertisement of the Now Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, Limited which appears on the fourth page. K. J. GOIIJIAX k Go's. AUCTION SALES.— Messrs E. J. Gorman and Co. will couduet a Hearing sale on Tuesday next on account of Jlr jl. .Anderson at " Malahidc," six luiles from Toc.imwal. On the dav following the Shmv tlicv will offer 100 allotments of land in Mr W.J. Gregory's subdivision adioinlug the Railway Station, also township allotments in olher portions of the township including an acru of land fronting Corcoran Street, on which is erected a two-roomed collate, the property of Mrs Hampton A special ehoiv sheep sale will be held on the following day, l'ridnr 21st pros. Snow BOOTHS SALE.—Last Saturday Mr II. •). Gorman offered the booths in connect ion with the Show by auction at the Fcdera' Hotel. H'lie Publican's Booth w secured rf 3I . r i 1I '-.r V "o"Jr 1 i ' lu lrj = a,ld Emit Stand or .tit by i Mr S. Malm nt £:i JOs. An offer initle. fused for the gates, I he Coming = them. So offer was made for the Refreshment Booth. ^'IIEAT Buvi.vo.—Mr Gordon Du liiugainali, notifies that he has uri Berrigan and is open to do business in Mr Duncan's present address is Federal Hotel. BEIIIIISA.V CHICKET CLCB.—A I of the above club was held at the Federal lintel on «ednesday evening, Mr H R Lysiight (Vice-Prssideut) in the chair. There were also present—Messrs liar wick, Jeans, Drummond, Wareliam, Laptbome and the Secretary, F. F. Trollope. The minutes of the previouB meeting were confirmed and two telegrams received from the Jerilderic Club stating that tliey would come out early ou Monday (Foundation Dav). It was decided on the motion of Messrs Barwick and Jean, to provide an impromptu dinner on the ground in the samo manner as last It was decided lo prepare the pitch on "Saturday, and to make level the out-field and to water the pitch on Monday morning previous to laying the matting. Some dis- cussion ensued in regard to the distribution or the sashes presented lo the Club by tilt President, Mr H. Arundel, and it wis decided to present them to the paid-up playing member*. On the motion of Messra Jeans and Drummond, it was resolved to play only paid-up members in the match against Jerildene ou Monday. 0 " UiYlSC " nis DAB.-It was the monthly stock eulo in a country town. The subjects of this sheteli were the local butcher and lus son, who followed the oocupation of dealer. The butcher wai in the habit of consulting his son in regard to the value of the different beasts before he made a bid and this is how the son improved the shining hour. He employed a stranger to bring if his cattle and offer them at auction • He s„t on the fence alongside of l.is parent, but where he could catch the Auetioieer'e eye . when the cattle in whose sale he was intejes'. ted came under the hammer, 1,0 drew his fathers attention lo their splendid quality etc., with the result that the old man made an offer which was shortly afterward, fol. lowod by a nod from himself to the Auctioneer. Again he would urge his father on and again he would nod. Result—The old man got the cattle nt the highest market ratca; but he could never understand who was running him. CEO PS ABOCXD MOAMA.—In & recent issue we ("Border Pott") stated tiiat tile average wheat yield of the Moama district would be about six bushels to tho acre and this has since proved to be correct. We did not, of course, give the individual yield. Several farmers out Thyra way reaped a vert fair crop, but the best yield this season that has yet 001110 under our notice was obtained by Mr W. S. Matthews, of Mologa l>ark whose crop averaged Eve bag. to the acre! This represented about CO acres. LAND AM) IJCOME TAX.—The regulations under the Land and Incme Tar Assessment Bill will bo issued before the end of tho prcsont month. Tliey are practically ready now, but it has been decided not to i.nu'o them until Mr Spiller, the Commissioner from bouth Australia, has taken un Lis position. It is intended to devote the westeru wing of the Custom house to the land and income (ax work. Mr Spiller nill have the active charge of the department. Mr Powell, the Collector of Customs, will still occupy his present office; Mr Johnston, the other commissioner, mil also remain in his present position ; and the three commissioners will meet whenever necessary. THE RABDII PEST.-A large meeting of slock owners, representing 600,000 theep was held ut .lerilderie last week to consider the advisability of petitioning the Government to declare the Sheep Board districts of Denihquin, Uraua and Corona rabbit infest- A general opinion was expressed at the meeting that the mesh of the wire nettin, ccording to the Rabbn Act was too larce lid was therefore useless,and that the fct amended and au l;iu. substituted. A un-coniiinttee was appointed to draw up » iitilion for Mguaturc by landholder- A jeneral desire was expr.-sed at the meetin.. I,at the Government should take iu.medi teps to cope will, the r„U,itf. which a« jjcJOiiMu^ at tin .-clHrumj; AT—TWO funn labor, iiumcd .Tauies Anderson and Kdwurd Smith vc been rommitted for iriul bv the ndnc bench on n el, »rge of'etoaling 10 ot Nv.ioul the property of Mr H. Brom- <leId. ,>f Ifoivlong. For some time wheatealiu<T on u large scale has been proceeding the dipt net. The method of the prisoner* is all«»<;,'d. was to tufc.j carts nt aight to lu-re the wheat was stocked and remove a ji-w frcm eueli stuck nnd deliycr the .vi (I at the merest rail war station for tran"- Porr to Sychiov. pretending that, thev were cousitrmng it for the owners. As hnmcme quantities of wheat have been stacked in the vicinity of the n»7wnj Ptnf.ion, operation^ I xrerc rendered comparatirclj " 1 AI.I'KS IV UI-NNNJAN.-LUBT J'UO-- d&j; Mebsrs H. J. Gorman and Co. offered for sulc by public auction iu t)-c Billiard Room oC the premises, the Federal. Hotel; the ownor, Mr II. Arundel being ilcpirons.of relin(piUhin<; business and visiting Kurojje. The bidding etarted at .l'.V)00 and unit up in rapid bids of £100 and two of £50 to at which price it was passed in for private sale. INSUBANCK.—Mr «I. B. Carroll, Inspector oi the National Mutual Life Assurance Society, notifies elsewhere that, lie und ]Jr. ])ow are gtill in the district, and advises intending assurers to call upon him. Mr Carroll expresses himself ns vory pleased with the large amount of business lie has put through during Jus trip to Berrignn. THE WAGGA SNRLI' Tusr.—The awards have been announced of the sixth Wagga sheep test prize wool as follows :—Petersen and Sargood, Jerildcrie, 1; executors lute E. R ITorsley, Yabtrce, 2 ; G. J. Mulhoilund, 3 ; James and Gray, Kentucky, 4; Dangar and M'Donald, Wantabadgery, 5. In the opinion of the judges the wool is not up to the standard of last year. HARVEST TUAXKSOTTING.—On the afternoon of Sunday week Mr Valentine purposes holding a thanksgiving ecrviccfor the abundant harvest. The haO will be decorated with fruits and flowers, and gifts of these from auy one will be thankfully received. Country friends may leave their contributions at Mr llalin's on Saturday afternoon or bring them to Church at 3 o'clock on Sunday. After the scrvico all will be carefully packed and sent to Jcrilderio Cottage Hospital. The hymns to be sung Trill be Nos. 19, 501 and 505 in Church Fmise. "WHEAT-GEO WING ox BABOOGA.— Mr l M*Farland of Barooga, who. last year had 7000 acrcE of his estate in Biverina let to farmers under the lialf-sharea system has made a fairly large sum out of the venture, the estimated vrheat return, representing half the crop gathered, being 13,000 .bags, (says Numurkaii "Standard".) The grain is worth in Berrigan 3s 81d, (?) and assuming each bag to. contain a sliade over 4 bushels the price por bag is 15s, or £0,75.0. This sura leaves, after paying for the seed (which the land-owner does under the ordinary contract) something over £1 per acre to represent rent. Mr Al'Forlaud has during the past season, treated hie hnlf-sharc tenants very well, wc ure told, he having financed eoiiic of them liberally and ehowr them every consideration in other ways. A good many of the farmers ure from this, district and it is prpbable they will continue in the coming ecuflon uudcrlhe same contract ns was in force last year. PICKSIJYTEBIAN CDITECH.—The Committee of Management met on Weduesday after' noon, Mr Vuleutine presiding. The report and balance sheet for the Iutt year were adopted and will be circulated nevt week, The total income of £135 is a small figure for the number und wealth of tho Prcebvtcrian portion of the district, but better things ave hoped for this year. It wis derided to erect a brick church on the site in Chanter Street as soon as funds were available. A circulur will shortly be issued, aiid the members aud adherents will bo waited on for subscriptions. The need of a ohurch building has been increasingly felt and it i thought that the present* is an oppoi tune time to build. It is the ambition of the Committee to opon their church at the same timo as tho railway. GRISTING I.V BOND.—At a meting of farmers held in Numurkah last Saturday, Mr X. SciUey moved—" That this meeting disagree with the propositi of the millerf that they be allowed to grist wheat in bond, and oppose the idea as- being hurtful to the interests of the farmere." The mover said it would be unfair now that wheatTI price to allow the market to be interfered with IU the way proposed. The motion wi unanimously carried. BBAN* AS A FERTILISES.—Some time ago sensational paragraph from America, of course, wo8 published in some of the papers with regard to the great value of bran as a fertiliser. The experiment, wlucli was carriod out iu Kentucky, showed that the yield of wheat and oats had been doubled by the use of a small quantity of bran sown as a inauure along with seed. Mr Brunton, the preside ut of the Royal Agricultural Society, was impressed by the results as reported, and he determined to give the thing a trial this last season. Two plots of oats were sown, each 4ft 6in square, one manured with bran, the other without. From the plot manured with bran the yiold was BB follows i—Oats, lib 14oz 5 straw, 201b 2ox. From tlie un» manured plot the respective yields were— Oate, lib 12oz ; straw, 161b 2oz. Mr Brunton is now satisfied that there is littlo to be gained by the use of bran as a fertiliser for ccreal crops. m THE SAM OP UNUSED RAILWAY TICKETS* —A. man named H. T. Davis was on Mon* day fined at the Syduey Water Police Court £5 on each of thrco charges for selling rail* way tickets without the authority of the Railway Commissioners. Inquiries made by the Railway department showed that the system of selling unused railway tickets bv private agents II&B; been carried on to suchan extent that the loss of revenue is estimated at thousands of pounds per annum. So much has this business developed that country agencies havo been established by Sydney firms throughout tho colony to deal in tickets, considerable profits resulting f»tn this enterprise. In the city on Monday one dealer surrendered to the railway authorities 60 tiokcts valued at between £30 and £40. Some £fteen persons were waiting outside his office to bny tickets when he gave up his CBICEST. YICTOBIA V. 3S"EW Souin WALES.—Turner, Gregory, Garrett, Iredale, W. Riohardson, Howell, M'Kibbin, Kelly, M'Kcnzic, Donnsn, Walters and YouH were pickod on Monday by the selection commitee to represent the colony in the approaching match between "Victoria and New South Wales. Garrett is goffering from an injury received to his linger in a recent club game, and if he is unable to play, C Richardeon will take his place and captain the team SELECTION AT DENILIQTJIN.—At the Land Board sitting at Dcniliquin on the 9th inst, 10 Homestead Selections were balloted for, boing the land thrown open on the resumed area of Calimo holding and a special area ii tho viciniiy. The following wero the" sue cessful applicontsPatrick Corcoran, 160 acres, Wandook; B. E. Taylor, 160 acres, Wandook; James Dunn, 160 acres, Wandook; M. H. Bouchier, 160 acres, Wandook • Fanny E. Mitchell, 160 acres, Wandook- Emma If. Mitchell, 160 acres, Wandook- Frederick Warren, 160 acres. Wandook! Benjamin Warren, ICO acret, Wandook j W R. Holmes, 12S0 acres, Calimo ; V. S Armptrong, 1280 acros, Calimo and Tumudgery; R. T. Armstrong, 1260 acres, Tumudgery- T. R. M'Donald, 1280 acres, Tumudgery- •Tunics Malonr, 1280 acres, Tumudgery - H. F. llcath, 640 acres, Tumudgery; John Kirkpatrick, 640 acres, Tumudgery. Nicholas Wakli, 1280 acres, Tumudgery. There wero, in all, SS applications submitted, and there was a ballot for every block. DNMLIQUJY FKEEZINO WOBKS. — We understand that it is the intention of the management lo close the ertensive Freezing Works nt Dcniliquin on Saturday next for about three mouths. Owing to the extreme dry season and the want of water along the different stock routes it is found uliuott impossible to travel sheep so as to briug them into Deniliquin in anything like proper condition. It is perhaps unfortunate for die company to have started operation? with such a bad season to contend against, as much difficulty has already been experienced in getting the stock lo the works. The eompauy propose to start operations again about the first week in May, when it is to be hoped they will have a succession of good which will enable work to be carried all the vcar round.- 