CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR CONVENTION. »AfliyitpAY'S MEETINGS. The proceedings of the Queensland Christian' Endeavour Union Convention were resumed on Saturday in the Wick ham-terrace Presbyterian Church. De- votional services were held atO.30 a.m., under the leadership of the Kcv. I». Hobertson. An " open Parliament" was held, the subject-" What our Societies are Do- ing"-being illustrated by satisfactory reports from society committees. The local unions of Ipswich, Rockhampton, Gympie, Maryborough, and South Bris- bane also reported as to the progress of their work. The Rev. W. .T. L. Cío«* delivered an address on the advantages of local unions. He pointed out that one ad- vantage of local union» was the break- ing down of the separating walli be- tween the Churches, as they got to know one another better, and found cul that other Churches were also for Christ. There was also an educational advantage lu Icuvni"« how to do things better. Local union meetings should be thoroughly practical, and an especial object should be aggressive work in. ex- tending the Christian Endeavour Hag and aiming at every church having a society ; also in temperance and muni- cipal work, which could be influenced by securing the best men for public positions. Ho urged, also concentra- tion of energy. The Rev. .1. Walker, speaking at a conference on consecration meetings, dwelt on their significance. He claimed that an unconsccrated Christian was an impossibility. Ile referred to the me- thod of consecration of Aaron by Moses as indicating that every part of the individual was consecrated to God. The Rev. M. Foggon, explaining how to make the most of consecration meet- ings, said that their purpose was to deepen spiritual life, and the right leaders should be selected, and the topics considered &hould; bo of a spirit- ual character. The Revs. W. J. L. doss, J. Walker, W. II. Howard, and R. Kerr also spoke on the subject. The Rev. E. Youngman, dealiug with the sub-heading-" Soul Saving a Christ- ian'? Business"-at a conference on ag- gressive personal work for Christ, said that no Christian lived for himself, but for others. The progress of the Church depended not on the ministers and offi- cers alone, but on every member. The world was going to be converted by per- sonal effort. Miss Wilson, speaking of how to suc- ceed in the business, urged her 'hearers to be earnest, lo pray for success, to be sauctilied, but not sanctimonious. On 'tlie afternoon a, " junior rally" was hold in the Wesleyan Church, Albert street. There was si large attendance ol' juniors, the numbers having in- creased threefold as compared with the previous year's mooting. The gallery was occupied by a large number of adults. During the proceedings, which lasted an hour and a-half, several hymns were sung, and the Revs. J. Walker and T. Leitch led in prayer. The interesting Chautauqua drill was gone through, and also a responsive Bible reading on the Christian En- deavour pledge. Members of various societies answered the roll-call, which was read by the superintendent of the juniors, Miss Bayley, each representa- tivo reciting or siuglng in response to the call. The following junior societies thus indicated that they were repre- sented :-Bulimba Primitive Methodists, Boggo-road Primitive Methodists, Mil- ton 'Congregntionalists, Toowong Pres- byterians, Wiudsor-roa'd Baptiste, Vul- ture-street Baptists, Vulture-street Con gregationalists, Valley Presbyterians, Paddington Primitive Methodists, City Tabernacle Baptists, Brighton-road Con gregation'alistis, and Toowong Primitive ?Methodists. The President (the Rev. R. Kerr), án his opening remarks, pointed out how last year the proceedings of, the con- vention Iliad been confined lo the City Tabernacle, while this year they were being held in several churches. He hoped that the juniors would have so grown in numbers that next year they would take possession for their rally of the biggest building they could find. He spoke to them about the importance of little things. It was the little things that sometimes hampered them in serv- ing Christ, and again there were little things which aided In so doing. The Rev. W. J. L. Closs delivered tin interesting discourse on some of the things he had witnessed among the juniors in America on the occasion of his Visit there last year. Ile intro- duced this audleuce to junior meetings in San Francisco, Chicago, Philadelphia, and Boston, describing the methods adopted of conducting the meet- ings. In Boston, on the oc- casion ol' Che Convention, he attended a rally of some ISOOO juuiors from all parts of America. The princi- pal feature of the meeting was a chil- dren's crusade, in which boys and girls 'marched on the platform and repre- sented the various countries which had Christian Endeavour societies, and were followed by a group representative of the five Countries into which the move- ment had not penetrated. They were Iceland, Russia, Greece, Italy, and Sweden ; and the representatives had a song with the plaintive refrain of " No Endeavour." The representa- tives of 'the other countries gathered round the five forlorn ones, and pro- mised lu song to do Dheir best to plant the movement in the live countries re- ferred to. It formed a splendid lesson. He had sometimes wondered what the juniors werevgoing to do to make the world brighter and happier. Every junior should got Into the dark corners and brush them out, and make them healthier, brighter, and cleaner. They should help those in trouble and let them feel that Christ was abroad. They should not think they had to wear long faces because they were Christian En- deavourers. It was because they were Christians that they should ,be the brightest and best boys and girls that the world ever saw. At a conference held subsequently in the City Tabernacle, on "The Junior Society," at which there was again a large attendance, the President referred iu terms of praise to the efforts of the Junior Superintendent, Miss Bayley. The Rev. W. H. Howard spoke of the place of the Junior Society in the Church. He said it seemed strange that the Christian Church should have been so long learning the importance of training the children, and, even after the Sunday school was inaugurated, there still remained a gulf between Jt and church membership. The Junior Society had accomplished the bridging of that gulf, and there was no work of more' importance than was theil». Everywhere.it was now being recog- nised that!in the early years of life not only secular but also moral instruc- tion should be given. Missionary work showed. Oxton that they could not re claim the healhen unless they took move notice of the children. Tlu» triumphs of the Church wert» to be won among the children, anti they were justified.,in »iH»k iug to set the youngest in their school1? into activo church membership. Ile was a faithful believer in the conver- sion of children, anti there was no work that would be found more encourag- ing. Xo church more truly did the work ol' the Lord than those which worked amongst children. 'Miss Bayley read a paper, entitled "A Live .Tumor Society," and descrip- tive of what snell a society had to bo. The ih>t essential was a live superin- tendent, very fond of children, patient, painstaking, and energetic, ol' regular hnblts, and well able to secure the con- fidence and support of the young. The superintendent should enlist the sym- pathy and help of the juniors as far as possible, and they would be found to offer bright »uggobtious, and if al- lowed to carry them out, would do so willi more eagerness than if suggested hy otheis. A model superintendent looked into tlu> methods, of other junior societies than his own for assistance in his work. Ho should vtsit the juniors in their horner, and enlist the sympathy of the parouth in the work of the so- ciety. Ile should not strive for large numbers so much as to make the boys ami girls understand the pledge and their responsibilities. The writer also referred to committee work, and con- cluded, by describing " a. live junior society meeting." Interesting discussion followed, after which committee conferences were held, and presided over as follows :-'Look- out 'Committees, Mr. W. A. Smith ; Prayer Meeting Committees, Mr. Elmos ; Social Committees, Miss Stone ; Missionary Committees, Mrs. Bardon ; Visiting, Relief, and Sunshine. Commit- tees, MÍ3S Griffith. There was a very large attendance at the evening meeting on Saturday in the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church. After opening service of praise, the Hov. It. Kerr presided. The Rev. T. W. Dunn, New South Wales, editor of " Golden Link, spoke on " Christian En- thusiasm," and urged Endoavourers to iburu their ships beiiind tiheni, as Julius Caesar did. There must be no retreat, hut ever forward. Enthusiasm must be real aud true, able to withstand sneera and even to work single-hamled, as did Elijah, John Knox, and others. The Christian Eutleavour movement had sprung out of utie enthusiasm of oue niau, and everj one of us has it mission which no one else can fulfil. Every blade of grass has a work that giant oak or stately elm cannot do. Christ's own example should kindle enthusiasm, and His followers munt go forward till sin's empire is scattered and overthrown. Tiie Rev. W. .T. L. Closs, the secretary of the World's Christian Endeavour Union, then spoke on " Power Through tiie Holy Spirit." Power, lie said, is what evorybody seeks, and not satisfied With what we have, we want more. Tiie Church liad always beeu longing for power to do Cod's work, but a voice came floating down Wie centuries, "Not by might, not by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord." We did not need a second Pentecost, for the Holy Ghost had been at Avork on earth ever since that Wonderful event. What we did need were channels for His divine operation. One hindrance was that we wanted Him as a stepping-stone to something else. Did we want the Holy Ghost or power-which ? If only for Avhat we could dp through Him, we should never get Him. Another hindrance was 'we were not willing to pity Hie price. Are we willing, lie asked, to be "driven 'Into the wilder- ness" as Christ was V We were " no longer our own, being bought with a price." All we have, and all we aro, is God's. Anywhere Ile wills we must go. That is Hie price. There are other hindrances-cherished sin, re- served xwills, love of pleasures. We mtftt drop Hie prayer for power, and instead of singing "Consecrate me to Tlliy 'service, Lord," say " Consecrate me for Thyself ;" and as Moses wist not that his face shone, we shall by and by have the power without conscious- ness of it. 