r WITH THE SUMMER. 1 A PRAIRIE SKETCH. •fcid m u Nearly. For- three , years hftd Mona been parted from her lover, Alick'. th«i°uay ^?lS8've has been carried across the wild prairies bringing the message to her te'i11® heart—'■ With the summer darl t K Si'l come again.' ° iAh, How glad was the little ' prairie flower' when she learned thp message ! How full of 307 w#s her heart1 when she heardct'h'Q words a hand so sweetly familiar ! To the -of Mona it seemed asthouoh the 0 0 w.or}\ bad suddenly dawned with ^ 11 rf^S6'8 jusl t0 make her happy. ■ while all life dreary .hadowa were banished for ever from mortal view. ' With'the summer;, with -the'Wmmer'^ she sang as she gtnyved the grain .for the poultry in the yard. 'With the surrimer !< t ^-l 1! -UU1 !? r melody to her pet pony nhile he mbbled from her hand the daily . . w'"ch she brought to him. All the joys that human mind could conjure up, all the hopes of life's future happiness, seemed suddenly to have become concentrated 011 tnat one word ' summer-time.' 'I wonder if he will think that I have greatly changed V she said to her father as they sat together one evening beneath the rustic verandah which surrounded the house. Perhaps, when he returns, he will think but little of his 'prairie flower'after having lived so long among a'l the fair belles of London.' ' Never fear, lassie,' replied the old man, gazing at his beautiful daughter with a look of mingled love and admiration. ' Never fear. Alick is a pensible boy, and he knows full well that although he may see many a prettier face in his wanderings, he will never tind a more loving heart than that of mv little girl.' J 'Thankyou, dad!' laughed Mona, lightly kissing her father's aged che»k. * But, you know, every person does not see me with your eyes for remember that your lore often blinds your vision — at least when your daughter is concerned.' And so saying, Mona tripped lightly away to attend to some of the innumerable little duties which fell to the lot of a housekeeper on the prairies. Thus the weeks went past and the months behind in the avaricious clutches 1 j * ■®'a'her Time; but the maiden was glad, for she. .know..that .with. the-£eeting_ hourg the time was ever drawing nearer when two hands and two hearts ^vould m?et, never to part'again on earth. ... Chapter II.; It is a still evening 'about the end of August. Sitting alone in the little parlor of Rock view.-are old.-^Robert Lee arid'- his' daughter Mona. The summer has passed quickly by; and. now they are hourly expect ing to see in th^ doorway the form of one for whose advent they wait with but little patience. ■ : r: Until the dus.k had fallen, Mona had been reading aloud to her father, over'whom the feebleness of. old age was quickly creeping, and now thatsheis no longer able to read the words, the?book-has fallen idly!-from-her hands, whilst htei* thoughts;wander into that fairyland of daydreams so dear to the time of girlhood. * " ' . . ' H,3IIle time-the father and daughter sat silently together, when of a sudden they were ; roused from their reverie by the long-drawn, ; melancholy whine'of a coyote, the district at ! that time being somewhat, troubled by wolves of that species. It so happened that on this ' evening ail the ranchmen were abaont from homfj- 'rounding up,\and as Mr. Lee heard the ,wol\ja£ drawing nearer to his homestead, he became' concerned for the safety of some ! young stock which were running loose in the! ravine,at the head of which the house wao I built. . I wiah some of the boys had remained be- ! hind,', he said with anxiety. ' If those animals j take it into their heads to come down into the ravine they will leave us with but few of our calves by the morning. If I could only go out. myself I would soon make short work of them j but I feel too weak to move now. It is hard to know that you are getting too old to do that which a year ago was mere play.' ...,'.L?t me go, dad!' exclaimed Mona, jumping from her seat with alacrity. ' May 11 You know the coyotes are cowards when near a house, and if I take the rifle, they will probably go away as > fast as they came ; besides, I would like to get a wolf-skin to show Alick—when he comes ; so do let me go, daddy I' When the-reader remembers that in the olden days, as now, ttia^y of the prairie-bred girls were able to handle a Winchester with »s great effect as many'A bearded sportsman, ne.will neither be surprised at Mona's. re quest nor at the old marl's confidence in the abilities oMiis daughter. : _ . . 1 Well, well,' he replied, feeling relieved at any suggestion for the safety of his youri" stock, 'I suppose it can do no harm if you do go, but take.care of-.yoilrself, lassie ; go no farther than the garden fence, and come back fas Boon as you see that all is right. Per haps some of the boys will be in from the ' round up' soon, and then .they can look after matters themselves.' So, taking down the Winchester from the wall and putting a few cartridges into the magazine, Mona slipped quietly into the garden, forgetting her hat in her excitement, and hoping for an opportunity to level her rifle at one of those disturbers of the peace, and so_ add perhaps another 'to her already long list of achievements ^hich had won for her a wide spread reputation as a rcarks woman. ; CHAPTER III. . . When Aliek Norwood arrived at the stage terminus he found that it was already early •' in the evening, so instead, of delaying at thei , small inn—dignified by the. name of ' JKocky. Creek ho tell—hedecided to wallcthe familiar three miles which lay between'that house an^ Mr. Lee's rancher. v • The evening was all that could - be desired for the walk, for the air was soft and fragrant with perfume from the many wild flowers ; the trees and shrubs were clothed in thei-r richest garments, and the innumerable song birds were just warbling their last evening hymn as they retired to their leafy homes for the night. . s > < Along the well-worn road the young man strode, and as he neared" the borders of tlie Lee estate hisfiteps.anconsciously quickened and his heart beat with eatjernesBas his mind dwelt on the happiness which would soon be his. The pathway to the farmhouse takes a sharp turn towards the hillside, and as Alick entered the ravine, at the top of which was situated the house he sought, it was just light enough to see one's footsteps and just dark- enough to render indistinct such objects as were not directly at hand. The road lead ing to the garden was steep, and as Alick reached the inclinc his pace Blackened, and a strange timidity se.emod 'to -steal, over his usually fearless spirit e. 'I wonder if Bhe will be as glad to see mo now aa she used to be in the olden days," he murmured to himself. ' I almost wish I could meet her alone before going into the house. I have it I' he exclaimed suddenly, as a bright thought breaks upon his mind. Then acting on the impulse of the moment, Alick crouched behind a Bmall maple shrub and uttered a faint cry in imitation of a coyote's .whine, such as he used;to,giake use of when1 announcing hio presence in the days when his betrothal to Mona was a secret known only to themselves. Again and again he repeated the cry, and the hills- $nd trees taking up the sound, echoed aud re-echoed it until one might have supposed that the ravine was swarming with wild animals. Slowly he creeps up the road, whining gently at every Btep, each moment expecting to hear a cry from the house and see his loved ono rushing down thehillto meethis embrace; when suddenly—before he has ti'mat'outter a word, a figure rises out of the darkness before him a sharp click of a rifle Is heard—a bright flame leaps forward, lighting up the gloom for a second—& wild scream of agony pierces the air, and Alick Norwood falls to the ground, pierced through the lungs with n rifle bullet! It is now many years since this Liticident took place. Old Robert Lee otill lingers in this life, though soon to leare It, and by his side 6its the ghost of the former ' prairio flower,' Mona. The once golden locks are silver, and the rosy cheeko are blanched an ashy whiteness ; the bright eyes are sunk and listless, while a smile of silent resignation rests on the face that was once so full of light and animation. Happily the past to her is all ,1 blank, but as you enter at the door a flash of expectation seems to light up the sad features, a light which quickly fades when she sees the incomer. Then with a Etlfled sob, to hear which TOfikeB onc's heart bleed, the once lovely Mona turns, to a tattefed letter which she holds in her'hand and sighs With the summer, with the summer he B will corae again 1' penned by pui*e hearl 