SUNDAY'S sEKVIOKS AND SEHMON8. In the morning, notwithstanding thut about a hundred additional spats had been prorided, the Cathedral b'hb filled in every part. At the.-usual hour of commencement a procession pntered at the western door add marched down the aisle. The sur pliced choir led the procession, (sing ing Hymn 1G6, tunc Old Hundredth), and then came the Verger with the staff, followed by the clergy—Rev. W. Fisher, bearing the Bishop's Crozier. Bishop Green, Archdeacon Robb, the Primate, and Rev. C. S. Smith. The choir was repre sented in its full strength, and with the assistance of Mr. Coombcr, on. the new organ, the tnus-cal portion of the service wbb specially effective. The Ven. Archdeacon Ross opened ser vice, and the Rev. W. Fisher, intoned, the liitany. The first lesson n as read by tho Kev. C. S. Smith, of Sydney, and the second lesson by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. The Pri mate preached a very interesting ser- j in on, Inking as his test verses 5 to 8' of the 47th Psalm, referring chiefly to the singing of praises to the Lord The preacher dealt with' the origin of the Psalm from which he selected his' text, and quoted others on the same topic, t'he tbome in all of them,' whatever the cause of theirorigio may have been, was the exaltation and. praise of Hod as the Supreme Ring j and Ruler of the Universe, and of j Christ as the Saviour of all mankind, j who would one day reign as King over all the earth. Referring to the opening of the new organ in thfcj Cathedral, he (the Primate) supposed] they had felt thewant of each an instrn-! mentin connection with the services, and hoped that many a skilful strain would blend with the voices in offering up praises to Hod, 1'fasy should remem b«r that'mere muslo and outward mel ody was noteuffioient in pralsingGodp and all music for Church purposes e ould be a means to the end of praising God fervently with the un derstanding as well as with the voice. The preaoher referred to faith ae ioon nected with the praise of God, and concluded hie discourse by saying that if that .faith was more sustained, amongst those who called themselves Christians, there would be a growth of righteousuesa and religion never yet attained in Chria endom, Meanwhile] let the Church of Christ and every i member of it endeavour to proclaim 1 Chris1 by doed, word and serviie as well as- ia tuusif. Ho hoped 'that would be so in the city of Armiidale, and inthe Uiocesewhich he was at pre seot visiting. After the offertory the Prifhate pronounced the. benediction, and'then the Clergy and choir left the Church in procesaion, after which the icon gregation dispersed. In the evening the Cathedra! was: crowded, and the eitra accommoda tion provided was not nearly sufficient." About a score of persons stood up throughout the service, and a large number retraced their steps owing to the inability to eecure-aeale or even standing room. . . After the choir- and. Clergy had formed in similar proeesaion to that of the morning, and entered the Cathedral, the errrice opened by the choir «Dil cniipie^ntion singing"the hymn. •• All people that on e»rth do dwell." The Psalms were read by the Rev W. Fisher, and the 1essoin by (he Ver, Archdeacon Rosa and.the Bishop of the Diocese respectively. The Frimate selected for Us text the 3Ut verse of the 9th chapter of Acts : " Then the Church through out all -ludea fltid Galilee and Samaria bad peacef being edified and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost was multiplied " On the present Sabbath, the first after Ascension-day, the collect prayed'for the Holy. Ghost to comfort them and waft them heavenward. It was the sahhath between the commemoration" of Ascension Day and lheemrmcranra tion of the outpouring of the Holy \- pirit on the disciples—the birthday of the Ohurch, and the beginning of the history of the Church'of Christ. The Holy Spirit was the gift promised, was the gift expected, Biid whs the »ift given in due time. It was interesting to read the gospel of St. Luke refer ing to the Ascension. It telle of the disciples, immediately after the Ascen sion not knowing who was to come in place of their leader - having received promises of encouragement from the .Lord* worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with joy, tbey were to be found continually in the temple prais ing God, It was a joyful expectation which the disciples had between the Ascenainn and the outpouring of the Holy Ghost, It was at that time the Church of Christ began ita career in the history of humanity. The Book of Acta hod been called the Gospel of thp Holy Ghost In the first chapter there was the promise that the dis ciples should receive the gift of tne Holy spirit in a tew days. Then came the fulfilment of that promise at Penteooab They bad allusions to the moral force the Spirit of God exercised through Chris tian believers. He could take them through many passages and show bow the wcrk of the Church was helped by the Holy Ghost. At Conn oil and in the Churoh the Holy Ghost was spoken of as being with them. Bight through history they bad constant reference to the Power coming'from the Father and Son on high. The Christians gathered to. gather, and the Chnroh exeroised upon the world the influence of re vealed truth and power—revealed, truth -of the Gospel of Christ, aud inward power given by the Ilol'y GhoBt. The text said the Church by walking in the fear of the Lord and the oomfort of the Holy Ghost was multiplied. Let them, in the tender ness of the Holy Spirit, analyse the idea of oomfort of the Holy GhoBt. and they would eee'in the recognition of it, and with the application of its influence, that Christians had a hope for themselves individually, for the chnrch collectively, and for the world at large. What a divine hope! The Holy Ghost was spoken of as a Com forter, and that. implied more thsu -mere solace in ebffow. 'It mouit strength, it meant that which con ferred fortitude, encouragement and help. The _ divine encouragement which the disciples had, and with out which the Church could not exist, was due to the influence of the Holy Spirit. The comfort of the Holy Ghost was the reason of the Church's growth, and the atmosphere of the Church's work. The establishment of all theCburches waelli rough thecmn fort of the Holy Ghost, and what did it mean? It was the divine encourage ment which enlightened and gladdened1 and bustained them accordingly as they believed in Christ. ' As Christian believers they were spiritually en lightened and knew more of God than they otherwise would have done. The Holy. Spirit of God in the heart of the Christian believor declared the works, of Christ unto all men So it was that the fishermen became men of light and leading, aud took euch an important -part tn the movement which set the world right with God. Besides being enlightmeut, the oomfort of the Holy Ghost was glad ness. 'That divine encouragement and comfort was that which gave tfaema deep "consciousness of the lil'e of the Holy Spirit within. It was the Divino Spirit which caused them to cry—Abbs Father. The Spirit was the power to wittiest' that, they. were the children of God, and joint heirs with Christ. The'gladness given by the Spirit of Gpd.conferred joy which no trial or affliction could remove. The 8pirit was Christ's presence in the hearts of the disciples. They knew thev were naturally improved by having the Spirit becau-o it was God'a gift They were enlightened by the revelation of the Holy-Spirit, and felt its divine presence. In spite of hindrances the Spirit wise cultivated within them, and its fruit was love, joy.and everything that made peace. Besides being enlightment and gladneBS the comfort of the Holy Ghost was strength. Not only was life blest because of the Spirit, but work was done—they were sent into.the world by God to continue 'he work Ha began. So it was in that strength given by the Spirit of God, the people went forth into ell lende maintaining the work of Christ himself, and the .Ohnrch was multi plied 'by Hie encouragement. The comfort ' of * God was no mere sentiment—it was coupled with fear which enabled 'them to do God'e work in 'establishing hie King dom. 1 "Th > 40th: ;*ver*e in the i 32nd Chapter of the booh of Jeri- i jmieh illustrated that the fear of the Lord was] parallel with the comfort of die Holy Ghost. If they had that comfort there would he more true reverence instead of the spirit of oarelessnese and lightness emonget them, and not only that, but a Constant love would he prevalent in the ranks of thoBe professing Cbria tianity. _When walking in the fear of the Ldid with a spirit of reverence they had .that' etrangth and courage of the Holy Ghost, that know ledge/Eladnees and strength wbioh led to duty. It was sunshine in the days otatrife, . light in the darkness end sorrow, and goodness and ooorage In the days of perplexity, -They should pray more and more for the Holy Ghost. and to keep themselves in the love: of God, looking tor the everlasting life he. had promised and given. They should pray for the Spirit, so that they would mora inwardly and entirely beooxne possessed of it, and in private and pub ic life, and in personal religion be strong in the Lord, and work by the energy of the Spirit within. He (the preacher) desired to say to his brethren of the Church of England the great pleasure it gave him to have the opportunity of vieiting arid preach ing in the diocese, especially when he realised very much the contrast be tween the present and a previous visit to another part of the diocese. At the first, visit the Diocese was ex periencing a time of perplexity, hut at the present there was-a. growth of life and promise. TTe had been in terested in listening at the Synod to the story of organisation throughout the diocese. He had tieen glad to hear of the legislation in connection with the Cathedrals, and waBpleased to be present at" "the opening of" their new organ. He was pleased slit all—but above all he tviahed for them the com fort ot the Holy Ghost, the enlight ment and strengthening, unto the end. "Come Holy Ghost, our 'hearts in spire" should be their constant prayer( and the result would be work, and harmony; increase' of true religion, and hope of perfect life, uniim and harmony in the world to come. 