COMPETITION No. V. This competition will take the form of selecting TEN FEDEHAI, DELEGATES I'ORT A T ICTOKIA. For the purposes of this Competition any names may be I'hoscn whether the beavers of (hem have been announced as candidates or not. The object is to test: public opinion, and it. is hojicd that, (lie result may encourage iiersons (o start as candidates who have not. as yet announced (heir intention (o do so. FIRST PRIZE, BICYCLE, VALVE £Zl!!|._,u To lie Selected from the Stock of MESSRS. BUCKLEY ANT) NCNN,; ftTD., ' B O D E K K S T R E E T, \ ^ •. ''' Sole Agents for the • - " V I C T O R I A " C Y C K E S ' r SECOND PRIZE, ONE YEAR'S T.XFE INSURANCE !!! A POLICY Prepaid for Twelve Months, in COLONIAL MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE S O C I E X Y the Will be presented as the Second Prize. Should the winner be 25 years old the Policy will be for £.500 ! If 3i years old, £400, and so on in accordance the Society's Table. with If the winner be unable to piiss the usual tests for health, he or she may another person to be insured, provided the w inner no interest in the Policy, nominate has NOTIFICATIONS. 1\. Each selection inuBt be written in ink on a CHAMPION No. V. coupon, but any number of selections mnv be sent in by any one ] crson, provided that cac'h list is written on a No. V. coupon. 2\. Selections containing more or less than 10 candidates will be rejected. 3\. Selections will be polled, and the ten men receiving the highest number of votes will be regarded as the Test Selection. 4\. The competitor whose coupon most nearly corresponds to the Test Selection will be adjudged the winner. 5\. Coupons will be judged by the following : (a) Number of succcssful selections. (b) Polling value of unsuccessful selections (if any). (c) Order of selections in the polling. If the winner cannot be separated by (a) reference will be made to (b) and then to (c) if necessary. 6\. Coupons must be enclosed in envelopes marked Competition No. Y., and may he sent in at any time up till 2 p.m. on Saturday, lGth May, 1890," when the Competition will be closed. 7\. The Editor's decision is final. CHAMPION COUPON. COMPETITION Y. I selcct the following TEN FEDERAL DELEGATES :— 1 2 3 4 5 6 8. 9 10 Signature Address If Melbourne is not religious, it is superstitious and a recognised paradise for fortunetellers and other dealers in occult sciences. An old lady who scorns the supernatural, is a passenger by R.M.S. Ballarat, this voyage. She is a veteran campaigner on the 1'. and O, line, and when asked why she had taken passages for herself and her daughter in this particular vessel, was at a loss for a minute what to say. "Ah well," she said at last. " I have married two daughters off the Ballarat and I think I may as well give the third one a chance!" Every one who is inclined to take a broad view of Labour questions will be glad that the Trades Ifall Council has agreed to send tivo delegates to the May '"Hoy Co/nmittee this year. When the question came up on the 19th inst., Mr. HANCOCK, M.L.A., moved that the T.1I.C. refuse to co-operate on the grounds (1) that '•it. xofuscd iiet year mid so would stultify itself by assenting; (2) that May T)ay follows so quickly upon . the 21st April as to interfere with the Eight Hours Day celebration ; and (3)—so the Argtis report says— that last year " great objection was taken by several members of the Council to the inclusion of Mr. CHAMPION in the committee." A Mr. ROBERTS seconded this motion, which was lost after Mr. II. A. HARVOOD had stated that he failed to sec what was to be achieved by " spouting on May Day." Mr. I'nE.vfJEHGAsr lmd opposed the co-operation of the Council last year solely on account of Mr. CnAMnox's connection with the movement. "Now that that gentleman had retired he considered it would be wise to joiu." Finally, on the motion of Mr. BILLSOX, it was agreed to joiu in the movement, and Messrs. FIXDI.EV and BAHKER were appointed delegates. To avoid any misconception it may be as well to point out that Mr. CHAMPION, who as Secretary of the 18;)5 May Day Committee is sending out the formal preliminary notices, has notified his intention to refuse to again fill the thankless and laborious office of Secretary. There is no doubt that the necessity for holding the committee meetings and the demonstration itself on a Sunday deters many from taking part. A proposal has already been made to have a celebration indoors on the evening of Friday, 1st. May. That is a good idea and thoroughly in accord with the general spirit of the May Day movement. Some little organization will be required, and for a start this paper will bo glad to receive the names of all who would like to join in a supper and social evening on that date. The expenses could (and should) be kept down to 2s. a-head and applicants are requested to pay down that amount on giving in their names. The arrangements will be in the hands of the new 189(3 Committee. Mcanwliile division is threatened among the knot of the elect who meet on Sunday afternoons at the Yarra Bank and strive to keep alive democratic feeling by their oratory. J. W. FLEMING and his colleagues have for years been doing this, but latterly thoy liavc abandoned the socialistic attitude for the advocacy of Free Trade and Single Tax, which some of their hcarors find inadequate. These latter are quite within their rights in seceding and forming an association for the advancement of Socialism, and should they do so, arc entitled to send delegates to the May Day Committoc. The first issue of the Ecluj (Brisbane) rcacliCB our letter-box. It has done us the honour of imitating the general get-up of this paper pretty closely, in colour of wrapper, size, arrangement of columns, etc., and promises a " World of Woman " page. It is apparently run in the interest of the Opposition in Queensland, is published by A. DBAL'E, and lias a good deal to say about J. G. DRAKE. We don't profess to be experts in Q. politics—it takes us all our days and a good part of our nights to find out if there be any distinct parties or policies in Victoria—but we have a vague mistrust of journals which appear at election times. Further, we note the non-arrival recently of the Brisbane Chronicle, which, during the infancy of this paper doubted whether the CHAMPION would live through the teething stage, and was very insistent on the folly of the Q.. Labour Party's determination to go on " a lone hand " and refuse alliance with the Opposition. So, though we usually wclcome journalistic bantlings, in this ease we simply express a hope that the JJe/w will deserve success, Depressed as appear the prospect of trade organization ill these times, much may be done—by the right sort of men working in the right sort of way. The milkmen of Melbourne have, in just under a year, got 300 members into their new organization (address, 00 Bourke-strcet), and by its means secured half-a- day off on Wednesdays and Sundays. Threepence a week is all the members have to pay for the trade protection part of the advantage they derive, and threepence for benefit. On this income the society has now enough funds to keep n permanent paid official. A conundrum for our readers: " What's the difference between this live organization and the dead or dying ones ill other trades ?" Whether you can answer it or not, satisfy yourself that milk is brought you by a man who abides by and supports the rules of this excellent association. Sew/ South Wales officialdom is just now in the throes of a local Black Thursday. The work of the new Public Scrvice Commission has already bce-.i ittremely drastic, resulting in the rooting out of all manner of departmental weeds. The Commission doesn't stop at under-secretarvships or even whole administrative branches. The Electoral Commission— established in 'S8— is completely abolished. Others arc to follow, and they will merely serve as wiped-out memories of an amiable Government habit of appointing its pet- poodles to the head of large necessary or unnecessary Departments, and keeping them there in pcruinnency when there wnsn't a shadowof necessity for running the pct-poodleB or their departments. The aversion always displayed by Australian Governments to turning their pet-poodles out to look for other billets is rendered still more questionable by the alacrity with which Ministers, as private individuals, have always kicked their own unnecessary employees into the outer-darkness. Dean's appeal against liis perjury conviction was one of the most outlandish on record. It was based on a supposition that Dean, having been sentenced to death, was dead in the eyes of the law, the effect of his pardon being to convert 'Possum Geobge into another kind of Christian altogether, although he remained the same unspeakable 'Possum as before. This would probably serve if the perjury had been committed to save his neck. As it happened, Dean simply perjured himself out of a goatish perversity bordering on insanity, when he knew hiB neck was secure, and shortly afterwards " broke down " and confessed, out of increased perversity,und in the end was influenced by super-added perversity, in wishing that he hadn't been such an unmitigated ass. He didn't tell lies to save his neck, but apparently to get himself reinstated in gaol. If eo, he succeeded admirably. The appeal contention, if upheld, would have given prisoner Dean the greatest freedom ever possessed by mortal man. Ho could have combined unlimited polygamy, theft, murder, and a whole Newgate calendar. The only defence requisite would be that he was practically dead, and his ghost couldn't be expected to knuckle down to any earthly law. Altogether enviable ! There is a hideous suggestion of his affinity to the Boobong in the reported assertion of Governor 11am then, of N.S.W., that a celebrated man had declared that religion waB three-fourths of life. A man muBt have a memory like a sieve, or like the " internal reserve " of the City Bank, to forget that it was " conduct," not " religion," to which Matthew Arnold ascribed so high a place. It has been wrongly claimed for geniuses and poets that they should lie allowed a greater licence than other mortals, and this licence some local specimens have taken. We are not now referring to the poet Fitz Gibbon, but to another ex-official of the City Corporation. Mr. Edwabd Tbondeebolt, dissatisfied with Mrs. Thunderbolt No. 1, attempted to introduce into her house Mrs. T. No. 2. Result: Carlton Court, maintenance order, 15s. per week to Mrs. T. No. 1. There is a Bample of Thundebbolt poetry on the tornb- Btone over the victim of the Windsor murderer, which will always serve for scarecrow purpOBCB in that part of the Melbourne Cemetery. Thundebboit is said to have studied poetry under Fitz Gibbon while in the service of the Corporation, and may therefore be denied any excuse of " poetic licence," but he is something of a geniuB as an inventor. The CnAJinox is glad to notice that it has been arranged to give a farewell benefit to 1'obta, the Italian bicyclist. His plucky riding under adverse circumstances, his very fair and honourable conduct on . the track, and his modest bearing whether winning or losing, have all combined to render him a very popular favourite, nnd there should be a bumper attendance at the Exhibition Grounds on the 4th April. The entries close at the Cyclist's Club on Saturday, 21st inst. The news agents of Melbourne had tlieiv picnic last week, aud selected—Thursday—the publishing day of most local weeklies, for the function. As a consequence, nobody in Victoria could obtain the liullctin and other Sydney papers til! Friday. This was directly due to GonnoN & Gotch closing absolutely for the day. It is common knowledge that the inconvenience so caused to the public was done by deliberate design to'spite the unauthorised agents. The journals whose readers and circulation were thus injured will fail in their duty to the public if they do not take steps to prevent a repetition of such chil4>sh pcttincB6. The Hon. James Skhvice, in his invecfircs against the permit system, " which means the stamping of the Government broad arrow on outside workers," seems quite to forget that he himself holds a permit from the Government to sell wines and spirits. According to his own showing he i6 thus in the " pariah class of Government slaves," und has for ever " lost his self-respect by having the Government broad arrow stamped on his back." Yet he does not refuse his license! The Civility of the Public Servant.—A lady in an out-lying suburb was expecting a visit from her sister— a sister by the name of Elizabeth—who, lite herself, was of imposing mien and dignified presence. It was early in the day, and as she tended her rosea she noticed the approach of a telegraph boy, who, catching sight of her at her work, proceeded ill her direction, and delivering the telegram, prepared to depart. " Wait a moment," said the lady, " there may be an answer." " Oh, no, there isn't," replied the juvenile official, " Elizabeth isn't coming 1" The youth was well out of hearing before Elizabeth's sister was ready with a rejoinder! At the meeting of the United Council for Women's Suffrage, held on 12th March, the following resolution was passed:— That in view of the disabilities under which the women of Victoria labour, owing to the rejection of the Women's Suffrage Bill by the Legislative Council, as compared with the women of Sontli Australia, who have a voice in the choice of members of the Federal Convention, the United Council for Women's Suffrage appeals to the men of Victoria to pot forward only such * candidates as are in favour of Women's Suffrage and willing' to give justice to women under the new Federal Constitution. In the Review of Reviews for February the Premier of South Australia has the following remarks on this subject :—" The elections for the popular Convention will constitute a golden opportunity for the joining of hands between South Australian women and their politically less-favoured sisters. South Australian women, as electors for the House of Assembly, will have the right to vote for Federal representatives. Their representative organizations have decided to fight for a similar concession to women of other colonics. It Mill therefore be surprising if a solid vote is not cast in South Australia for adult suffrage as the uniform Federal franchise ; and though our colony alone can do little, there is no proBpect of South Australia, standing alone if Australian women appreciate the opportunity which will shortly be afforded them of advancing the great cause of the constitutional emancipation of tlicir sex." Pebcy Hcnteb, who comes to Melbourne to edit the Australian Cyclist, was formerly on the Sydney D.T. reporting staff. HE is an exceptionally smart news gatherer, and a clever business luuid—the latter fact being attested by hiB instrumentality in working the N.S.W. League of Wheelman into its present prosperity. LLOYD'S NEXT OF KIN and Unclaimed Money OFFICES, 101 Swanston-street.—Advances made on legacies, reversions, wills, &c.; LLOYD'S Unclaimed Money REGISTER of Chancery Heirs, Legatees, and persons advertised for to claim money, 101 Swanston- street. LLOYD'S Secret ENQUIRY OFFICES, Swanstonstreet.—Confidential inquiries instituted by expert detectives; references—-judges, magistrates, bankers, solicitors, &c.; 