apital urnishment, EBY LIERRE PENNE:1 This is a tale of the delicate nervous susceptibilities of a lady, and of the round business principles of a man, and what these qualities in them wrought. There are several other people who come into the story, but they are of slight consequence, one being only a little type-writing girl, and another a fool, who was perfectly contented to be poor, and who, more over, loved another person-and that person a commonplace little woman, who happened to be his wife - better than he did himself. There is a juggler in the tale; also a theatrical person, who wore too niuch jewellery; likewise a doctor, who was subse quently created a baronet for perform ing a successful operation on the eyes of a great personage. Ronald Muir (the fool).was the son of a country doctor, who had died of diphtheria, leaving a widow and a seven-year-old child totally destitute. The widow was a slight, soft-voiced, soft-eyed, loving, stupid woman. She could do little to help herself or her child. She had a very imperfect edu cation; she accepted a situation as meek slave-yolept companion-to a severe old relative of her dead hus band, who in return put Ronald to school, in order that he might receive a ' commercial education.' The widow was delicate,. and was foolish enough to fret over the irrevoo able. She caught cold upon cold, and finally followed her husband when her boy was ten years old. The old lady to whom'she had been companion kept Ronald at school till he was fifteen, when she died'rather suddenly, leaving no will. .Ronald was left on his own resources. He was a tall, well-made, boy, with nice manners, and what is called a * good' face, frank eyes, and a merry laugh. A fresh, wholesome-looking boy, good-tempered, honest, affoctionate and by no means clever. In order to look for something to do, Ronald went to London. He was very sanguine, and full of youth and good spirits. He was not parti cular 'what he did, .so long as it was honest. Of course he had no experience indbusiness and'. no quiali fications beyond the 'commercial edu cation.' Hetook aletterfromthesohool master and one from the vicar who Shad prepared him for confirmation, bearing witness to his parentage, his character, and the kn'owledge that was his. 'Ronald applied to Mr. George Horiot, linendrapor, for employment. Now, this gentleman was a very suc cessful self-mad4 man, and his busi ness was conducted upon a large scale. He was too clever to be dis honest;. Mr. Horiot scanned Ronald. from L head to foot;, and put a few sharp questions. When the boy offered the letters he pushed them aside. 'What's the use of bringing me those?' he. said. 'All that concerns me is whether you know your busi ness? You don't-you've no experi once. Failing experience, what is it to me that you know your catechism and the ten com mandments? You may smash the lot for me-bar one. If you play tricks with that while you're in my pay I'll niako you smart' for it. If I take a boy fresh from school, I can't take him on the same terms as I do my others. I'll give you-' ?I ' He paused, and then named the lowest sum that a boy could keep body and soul together upon, consistently with maintaining the first in decent working order. 'If you work well, and suit, you'll get a ise, If you don't suit, if you're lazy, or I receive complaints of you, you'll get the sack at a moment's notite. If you choose Sto accept those terms, I'll try you,' Mr. Heriot saw that the boy looked 'bright and honest; he had very nice manners, and a good appearance. He perceived the advantage of gettinghim cheap, and the last clause was a stroke of genius. If the lad did not suit he could dismiss him at once-if he gave satisfaction the knowledge of his liability to instant dismissal would be a powerful incentive to a penniless friendless, country boy to do his best.. Much good work could be screwed out of such a lad. Of course, Ronald Muir was an in considerablo item, George Heriotdid not care whether he secured his ser vices oir not, but it was one of the prinoiples of this groat man to make the best bargain possible even in the most trivial matters. Ronald Muir entered upon his em ployment and gave satisfaction. He would never become a smart, pushing man of business, but he was very in dustrious and conscientious, and his patience and pleasant manners ren dered it easy for him to please cus tomers; therefore, he was put to serve behind the counter and his wages were raised. They rose steadily, for George Heriot paid his people well. When Ronald was twenty.three he was in receipt of very fair pay, but the last clause in the agreement remained unaltered-he was still liableo to instant dismissal,. Horiot never referred to the matter, whilst Muir was trusting and easy going, and conscious of giving satie faotion. Ho did not want to offend Horiot, who was despotic and pnession ate, and whose absolute indifference to the sufferings of others was the secret of the power over his follows possessed by this strong unlovely charactr, the antipodes of the disposi tion of Muir. When Ronald was twenty-three he fell in love. The girl was an. orphan, who earned a slender livelihood by type- writing. She was very small and rather plump; she had round, innocent baby ooeyes and fluffy fair hair, Her temper was sweeter than Ronald's, which is saying much. Her views on. all matters wore the simplest; con sidered psychologically, she was the least complex of created beings. Her name was Lettico Manners. Ronald called her 'Letty,' and firmly bo lieved her to be the prettiest woman in the world. 'Not but what,' said this fool, 'I should love you just as much, Letty, if you were ugly. I should, darling, now I know how sweet and good you are.' So the two were wed, and merrily rang the bells. And for two years they were very happy, being people of singularly grovelling minds, and perfectly contented to work all day and spend their evenings at home together, reading and talking. Ocaon sionally on a Saturday they would, perhaps, ride Strandwards on the top of a 'bus, and struggle icito the pit of a theatre. Having witnessed the play, they would go home on the top of another 'bus, stopping to buy some thing extra for supper, at which meal they rehearsed the woes of the heroine and laughed over the jests of the comic man. A good, simple couple, who thanked God for their blessings, and to whom the praise ' An do aisele pessismism' was mercifully unknown. When the Muir m6nage was aug mented by one, these two ridiculous persons considered their cup of happi ness to be full, and envied no one on earth. Perhaps they were arrogant over their good fortune, and needed chastening, for in the summer of their second year of matrimony the wonder ful third member of their. household fell ill of some childish ailment and died. The little, tender, round-eyed mother grieved. She had only the strength of love, but that is very strong. So this small woman used to sit and cry over the dead baby's toys, and then bathe her eyes and call up a ,little ghost of a gay smile and greet Roland when he came in. I do not think he was deceived by 'it. I think she knew he was not deceived-knew it by the tender touch of his lips and the pressure of his arm round the little figure, which was growing very slender. Letty became gradually weaker as the autumn drew on. Her appetite failed, she took to fainting over her type-writer, and bne day she fainted just after Ronald came in, and he sent for the doctor. The man of medicine told Letty that she must not work, and must take milk, eggs, port wine, beef-tea, plenty of meat, cod-liver oil, etc. Then he took the young husband aside and told him that Letty was much out of health. Was there any consumption in her family ? Ronald's lips turned white-his little wife's mother had died of decline. 'She needs care,' said the doctor. 'There's no disease. Take care of her and she'll get strong again.' Ronald did take care of her, and she improved a little, but the pro longed illness was expensive. Ronald wrote a good hand, and he could also write copperplate. He obtained copy ing work. It was ill-paid. ' Then he tried to learn type-writing, working late at night. He ceased to smoke, and suffered nervous tortures in con sequence, but- Letty was better. It was during the first 'influenza winter.' Ronald took it badly. He was much weakened; the disease ap peared to affect his eyes, they ached strangely, and things had a habit of turning an amazing blood-red hue, shot with orange, on the smallest pro vocation. Muir was absent from busi ness for the first time in 10 years; he returned after three days, had a re lapse, and was absent two days more. 'Hallo !' said Heriot. 'This won't do. I pay men to work, not to stay at home and be ill.' 'Muir's down with the influenza,' said the shop-walker to whom he spoke. 'He's a hard- working fellow, sir; never missed before.' 'He's not quite so smart.looking· as he used to be. I've noticed him.' a .' He's abit down on his. luak, sir; his wife's ills and they've lost a child.' ' So much the better for people with their income. Well, this is a business house, Grant, not a shnatorium, nor yet an asylum for mourners. Tell 'uir if he's obliged to stay home again he'd. better stay for good. There's no notice agreed upon on either side. There's plenty of smart, likely, young fellows to be had who haven't saddled themselves with wives. Teoll him so.' The shop-walker obeyed. Ronald Muir received the message with a thrill of genuine terror. He went to business when he was hardly fit to stand, goaded therotoby the sickening dread of being compelled to relinquish his last hope of the raetoration of health to the little woman he loved, for Lotty could not endure the most transient privation, nor the partial curtailment of her comforts. It is at this point of the tale that the lady comes in. Mrs. Samythe had married Pickles. Her father had coined a fortune through soap, but her mother had been the daughter of a cavalry officor. Mrs. Samythe was therefore highly sensitive, and she felt the fact that her husband was Smith, of Smith Brothers, as only a delicately or ganised and tender female can feel distressing circumstances which affect herself. It chanced that Mrs. Semythe dealt at Heoriot's. She was very par ticular about the spelling of her name, insisting upon the two 'Se"s,, the y' and the final 'e,' these leaving, as it wore, the holygaroma of "smart ness,' the trail of the cavalry offieor, ever the house of Smith-or Samytho. Two days after Ronald's return to business, Mrs, Semythe sallied forth on a shopping expedition. Ronald served her, and she tried his patience to the uttermost. It is well known that a lady who inoves in 'good society' (even though 'Pickles' for bids it from being quite so good as she could wish) and a 'counter jumper' are not made of the same clay. What would be utterly unen durable to the nerves of the lady in the way of insolence, sharp speech, and indecision, are mere trifles to a man who gets his living as a trades man's clerk. Ronald was always good-tempered, but George Heriot's message made him nervously anxious to give satie faction. He was ill and weak; be sides, you can make a high-spirited, proud soul dwelling in a robust frame oringe very quickly if it happens to be loving, and the life and comfort of what it loves is hanging in the balance -the scales a passionate man's tem per, the weight a woman's peevish caprice. Mrs. Samythe grumbled, priced everything, asked for things she had no intention of buying, tossed them about, and finally, having purchased somewhat sparely, rose to depart. ' What name, Madam ?' ' Ssmyt.e,' said the lady, sharply; 'I've an account here. Put these things down. Let me have them this evening. No. -, Grosvenor-square.' She sailed away. Ronald had neve served the dame before; she was a comparatively new customer. He inquired whether she had an account, and the things were despatched. A certain great lady, who regarded the pickle-maker's wife much as that aspiring matron viewed Ronald Muir, snubbed her delicately, but severely, by post. Mrs. Ssmythe was rampantly wrathful, sand gave her husband a very anui'ais ? ?art d'eo're. At the height of the storm the paroel from Heriot's arrived. ' 8--m-i-t--h !' spelt Mrs. Ssmythe. 'A single 8--i- and no "e !" James, look at this. Two weeks ago I explained to a young person in that shop that we were S-s-m-y-t- h-e! It's sheer in solence and inattention.' . 'Did you mention it to-day, dear ?' 'To-day? No! Am I to be bothered explaining to every shop person-in Heriot's how I spell my name ? I've an account there. I've said once how the name is spelt. This is the third parcel that's been wrong. I shall write and complain.' 'Look out, Sylvia. You'll get some poor devil into trouble. I know Heriot. He's a hard man, devilish smart in business, but hard on his people. He'll sack the girl or .the man, or whoever it was.' 'And serve him right too,' said the hyper-sensitive, highly-strung type of womanhood, whose feminine friends were in the habit of saying that ' She suffered a martyrdom with her nerves, poor dear,' 'Serve him right. If people are careless they ought to suffer for it. It is a Divinely appointed law of Nature, James. Mr. de la Peer said so in his last sermon.' Therefore, having crushed the hus band of her bosom with a clerical diotum, Mrs. Ssmythe, smarting from the great lady's snub, sat down and wrote to Mr. George Heriot a com plaint of the misdirection of her parcels.I The letter reached Heriot the next morning. He read it, frowned, and sent a ourt message to Ronald Muir. He could go; Heriod had received a complaint of him. Ronald was aghast. He stared silently at the messenger, his face growing whiter and whiter; then he turned and groped like one who saw nothing towards the ofiloe door of George Heriot. 'Where are you going?' oried the bearer of the dictum, catching hold of his arm. ' I want to see him,' muttered the other, hoarsely.. 'I want to ask why -why- I've .worked for near ten years here-and-' ' There's not a bit of use speaking to him, you ought to know that.' 'What do they say I've done ?' 'I don't know. There's been a complaint.' 'But I must know,' oried the wrotched young fellow, wildly. ' Great God I man-I must know. If I'm to be sent to the rightabout at a moment's notice, it means ruin-and death to my wife. She's ill ndw.' 'I'm thundering sorry for you, Muir, but you know'the governor. I daren't speak for you.' 'I don't want you to. I'll speak for myself.' He walked with an unsteady atep to the ofices door and knocked. His lips were white, hie eyes shining. ,' Ceme in.' Muir ontered and Heriot looked up. 'Hallo I What now ? What do you wanni, eh?' 'You've discharged me, sir,* said Muir, huskily. 'I came to ask- ask -you-my offence.' 'Customer complains of you by letter this morning- negligence-mise direction of a parcel,. You've been unpunctual lately. I warned you once.' 'I have been ill,' said Ronald faintly. 'My wife is veryill. Ihave not been intentionally negligent, It was not wilful carelessness. I thought I took down every address corrooetly; if I did not I will apologise to the lady. It is the first complaint in ten years, Mr. Heriot.' 'Naturally,' said Heriot, coolly, 'dr you would not be here now. Come, now--olear out. I've more important things in hand than your affairs.' ' ' Will you at least examine into the matter ? Will you not prove whether I am to blame ?' ' That is proved. You've offeonded a customer; whether justly, or not I don't know, and don't care. You've offended her, and you'll go,' 'I've worked for you ten years.? (To &, 'Cobntincd.) ','; ? ' 