THE UPPER FLINDERS. [From oun own Coukkspondicnt.] October 30. Judging by the reports of the Stock Inspectors nearly all the country west of the Range aud north to the Gulf is ap parently free from ticks. The dry warm climate of Western Queensland is evidently not favourable to the development of the tick, but I shall feci surprised if after the adveut of the rainy season the pest is not again as lively as a cricket in a thunder storm in the now apparently clean country. The tick is 6till in evidence in the moist coast districts. .Stock owners appear to be rapidly losing faith in the efficacy of dipping, and some of them consider that it is posi tively injurious to weak cattle. Already different suggestions arc being made for utilising the dips when no longer required for tick exterminating purposes, and one paper suggests that a dip near a certain northern town should be converted into a bath for the citizens, but as there is a plentiful scarcity of water at the aforesaid town X am afraid that the suggestion will not wash, and then, too, an almost un limited supply would bo needed. Not only has the Govcrnmcntnotreduced the rents in the tick-infested couutry, but the Land Board which is now holding its sittings in northern centres, has, iu many instances, increased them. This at first I ? u ? 1 ? T ? l ? j:. ? bifciii, wuuiu lippum tu wa Iiiuau IJlUUCUUlUg, but if we are to judge by tho light of recent events, the industry can well afford to pay a much heavier rental to the State without j being over-burthened. The publication of the prospectus of the Fairbain properties iu Central Queensland has thrown a brilliant light on the magnificent profits derived from this industry during tbe past six years. This increase of rent will in many instances affect banking and other corporations which own a largo amount of station property in North Queensland, and as they have for years been sucking the life-blood of the colony, it is only but fair that they should disgorgo a very small portion in return. The Western Champion comments on what it terms ' poor Ividston's motion' thus: — 14 Separation iB now dead, and we sincerely trust that Mr. Kidston and tbe Labour Party have decently buried the re mains and laid the ghost.' This from one of the leading papers in the Central district shows tho trend of feeling there on the Separation question. During the year 1895, Charters Towers gold yield beat all Western Australia, and this year there arc indications that it will not be far behind it. The totals for the first eight months are — Charters Towers, 1/51,42 8 ozs; Western Australia, 158,276 ozs. The capital value of the Western Australian gold mines is ten times that of Charters Towers, so it looks as if Western Australia had all the materials to hand for a ' burst' as gigantic as its u boom.' 