CATHOLIC, MR. ARTHUR GALTON AGAIN. AT THE SHRINE OF FROUDE, ' THE HIS TORIAN.' ANCIENT CALUMNIES AND MODERN MENDACITY. HISTORICAL HOG' WASH — GREAT POPES GROSSLY RU VILED — CATHOLICITY CARICATURED — CHRISTIANITY SCOFFED AT — SOME POINTS FOR ' A. G.' TO RECON SIDER. (By a Catholic Layman.) In much the same way as he 'reviewed' Purcell's ' Life of Cardinal Manning,' Mr. Arthur Galcon contributes to last Saturday's Daily Telegraph a 'notice' of the late James Anthony Froude's lec tures on ' The Council of Trent.' As in the case of Cardinal Manning's Life, the ' review' takes the form of a couple of columns of irrelevant, anti Popery scurrilitv, which in the conceit of the verv ill-informed and clumsy compiler is evidently in tended to be very damaging to the Catholic Church. This time Mr. Arthur Galton has completely thrown off the mask and discovered himself, if his declara tions have any sincerity in them, a ' confirmed' non-believer. Our anti- Catholic bigots are welcome to their newest fugleman. The 'review' of Froude's ' Council of Trent' is a hollow pretence — the Council is left out in the cold — and the evidences that the purveyor of the historical hog-wash hae even read the book are considerably hampered by limits. In all conscience Froude has written hot and strong enough about the Church to entitle him to be pre sented by a sympathetic reviewer on his merits, and in his own vigorous words — to be so judged by the public. But Mr. Arthur Galton in this instance and just as he treated poor Purcell, ignores the par ticular book which is. supposed to be under notice, and inflicts on the readers of the newspaper muddled recollections of obscure authorities on other subjects. These are served-up with miscellaneous clippings from his scrap-book, and we are asked to accept the dismal hash as quite in the style of Macaulay. No doubt Mr. Arthur Galton deceived himself into belief that in his two columns on Saturday he had ' framed a magnificent and crushing indictment against Romanism,' instead of which he has simply tricked out a grotesque johnny-all-sorts historical show of lay figures, all incorrectly dressed, and nearly all wrongly named and numbered. He has mixed up the saints and the sinners in most awful confusion. In other words, this Mr. Arthur Galton, ' historian, critic and reviewer,' has simply collected together from a rubbish-heap the odds and ends of false charges and exploded calumnies which have served as the stock-in-trade of every illiterate firebrand and every rancorous anti-Popery spouter for the past hundred years — aye, for the past three centuries. It is using only the very mildest language to de' scribe this ' historical review ' as a series of blun ders from beginning to end. All the same, there is venomous vapour in the business, as I shall now proceed, with your permission, to prove. Here I . would remark that within the scope of these ' few remarks' it is only possible to deal with the more glaring misrepresentations and the more outrageous falsifications of history. SIXTUS THE FOURTH — TWO PORTRAITS. Says Mr. Arthur Galton :—' The impurities of Sixtus IV. and Alexander VI. had startled and almost scandalized the whole of Europe. John XXIII. had only been accused of ♦ murder, piracy, bigamy,' and other crimes. In all but piracy Alexander and Sixtus had imitated, and even excelled their predecessor. Nothing like them had been seen since the days of Nero, and some of their domestic experiences were untried, unthought of, even by that infamous imperator.' As Mr. Galton brackets in infamy these two Popes on the arcades ambo principle, it will suffice for present purposes to bestow consideration on the one best known — and most conspicious in history— Sixtus the Fourth. Let me quote one of the most eminent historical writers and Protestant authori ties of our own time — a man who neglects no opportunity to say hard things about the Popes and about the Church. The work (not j'et com pleted, the fifth volume bearing date 1894) is ' A History of the Papacy during the Period of the Reformation.' The author is the Right Rev. M. Creighton, D D., Oxon. and Cam., present Lord Bishop of Peterborough, late Dixie professor of ecclesiastical history in the University of Cam bridge, hon. Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, and Emmanuel College, Cambridge, LL.D. of Glasgow and Harvard, D.C.L. of Durham, Litt. D. tf Dublin, Fellow of the Societa Romana di .storia patria. Thus Bishop Creighton of Sixtus IV. as Cardinal : — : ' The election of Francesco di Savona (Sixtus IV.) awakened great surprise. Francesco had won his way to the Cardinalate solely by his reputation for theological knowledge, and for a blameless life. He was of such lowly origin that he had not a name of his own. His father was a poor peasant in the little village near Savona, and at the age of nine he irai handed over to the Franciscans to be educated. His talents and his industry were great, and he lectured on philosophy and theology at Bologna, Padua, Pavia, Florence, and Perugia. At Pnvia, Bessarion attended Francesco's lectures, and was struck by hia learning. When he ro.5e to the post of General of the Franciscan Order, and distinguished himself by his reforming zeal, the recom mendations of Bessarion found an echo in the in clinations of Paul II., and Francesco was elevated to the Cardinalate. At Rome he was regarded as a profound scholur.' Here is this candid, and, where occasion presents itself, unsparing Protestant critic's estimate of the personal character of Pope Sixtus IV. — the Pope who, according to Mr. Arthur Galton, was remark able only for his unspeakable ' impurities ' : — ' It was not by neglect of his priestly duties, but by his frank acceptance of the world as it was, that Sixtus IV. is to be regarded as the beginner of the secularization of the Papacy ? A stern, imperious, passionate, resolute man, Sixtus IV. did not inspire much attachment, and we hear few traits of his personal life. Yet he inspired deep hatred ; and Infessura, who was an adherent of the Colonna family, and had the spirit of a repub lican, has blackened his memory with accusations of the foulest crimes. These charges, made ly a, partisan who writes with undisguised animos'1 \must be dismissed as unproved. Sixtus IV. impressea'his contemporaries as a great and vigorous personality, as a skilful organizer, a munificent patron, and a man of indomitable resolution.' It may be added that Infessura, as a hireling of the Colonna family, had cause enough to attack the Pope 'with the undisguised animosity ' of a par tisan. The Pope had fought and well-nigh crushed the once all-powerful jColonna, besides making many of the other princes bow their heads in a temporal as well as a spiritual sense, and in revenge these ' accusations of the foulest crimes ' were made. MORE PROTESTANT VINDICATION. Again Bishop Creighton : — ' Sixtus IV. had been in early days famous as a theologian. . . . Nor did he in the midst of his political projects forget his theological interests. At first sight it would seem that there was as little in common between Pope Sixtus IV. and Fra Francesco di Savona, as there, was between the magnificent restorer of Rome and the poor friar who, when he came to Rome as Cardinal, had to borrow money to make his dwelling habitable; yet the pontificate of Sixtus IV, stands in marked contrast to that of his suc cessors through the fact that it left a great impress on the doctrine and organization of the Church. . . . . Moreover, Sixtus IV. strongly adhered to the favourite belief of the Franciscans of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin, who was to him a special object of veneration. To her were dedicated his two great churches of R^me — S. Maria del Popolo and S. Maria della Pace, He issued in 1477 a special office for the festival of the Conception of the Virgin, and granted indulgence to those who userl it. He carefully observed all the festivals of the Virgin, and prayed so fervently before her image that it was observed he never ?moved his eyes for the space of an hour.' After giving the illustrious Pope qualified credit for establishing the Temporal Sovereignty on a firm basis in his plans ' to raise the Papacy to the level of a great power,' this Protestant historian continues : — ' Great as was the political energy of Sixtus IV., it did not hinder his activity in other directions. He was a mighty organizer and builder, as well as a patron of art and literature. If his policy left an abiding impress on the Papacy, no less did his care leave a permanent mark on the outward aspect of the city of Rome. The streets were crooked and narrow, destitute of pavement, and encumbered ?with porticoes which harboured dirt. He straightened their labyrinthine turns, swept away the projecting porticoes, and paved the streets with tiles. He secured a clear communication between the Vatican and the Bridge of S. Angelo, thence through the Campus Martius to the Capitol. More over, he built the bridge across the Tiber, which still bears his name, the Ponte Sisto. In another matter Sixtus IV. deserved well of the Romans ; he cared for the water supply, and brought down the Acqua Vergine from the Quirinal to the Trevi fountain. In everything that could improve and beautify Rome, Sixtus IV. took a keen and active interest. He did his best|to encourage others to follow his example by (giving right of ownership to all who built houses in the district of Rome. The Cardi nals, especially Estouteville, were incited to build, and many palaces owe their foundation to the energy of the Rovere family and their imitators. The monumental works of Sixtus IV. have borne the impress of his activity to the present day more distinctly than have the buildings of his prede cessors. In the Vatican he erected a block contain ing a library on the ground floor, and above it the famous Sixtine Chapel which still bears the Pope's name ? Still more characteristic (after setting forth the numerous churches built or restored by the Pontiff) is the building of tho great hospital of St. Spirito which Sixtus IV. began immediately on his accession. The octagonal cupola, with pointed windows, and the tower of the neighbouring church of St. Spirito are perhaps the happiest remains of the architecture of Sixtus IV.. . . . In painting, Sixtus IV. had a large choice of artists, and summoned to Rome all the great masters of his day. . . . The cloud which hunp: over men of letters in the days of Paul II. was rolled away, and they again bnsked in the sunshine of Papal patronage. The untuck}' Platina was again taken into favour, the lectures of Pompo nius Lietus were again thronged with students. The Vatican Library, which was committed to Platina's charge, contained 2500 volumes, of which the greater part were theological works and the remain der Greek and Latin classics. . . . Under Sixtus 'IV. there was no doubt of the triumph of Humanism at the Papal Court. . . . The Pope welcomed'the veteran Filclfo, who came to Rome in 1475, with the promise of an annual salary of 600 florins. Though seventy-seven years of age, he lectured with vigour for four hours a day. Rome pleased him in many ways, especially for the incre dible libert}r which there existed. In this judg ment Filelfo's experience renders him a great authority ; probably nowhere could a man who enjoyed the Pope's protection speak or behave more freely than in Rome ; if the Pope was tolerant, so was everyone else.' i ANOTHER VINDICATION OV POPE SIXTUS IV. Another up-to-date vindication of Pope Sixtus IV. I find in ' The History of the Popes from the close of the Middle Ages — drawn from secret archives of .the Vatican and other original sources.' The author is the truly eminent Dr. Ludwig Pastor, Professor of History in the University,of Insbruck— - admittedly the head of the German ' school ' at the present time. I quote from the English edition, vol. iv. (1894) :— . ' An impartial study of history must lead us to protest against the picture drawn by Infessura of Sixtus IV. Infessura was a violent partisan of the Pope's deadly enemies, the Colonna. He cannot say a good Avord anywhere of Sixtus IV. It is plain from this, and from the violence of his language, that we have here a collection of everything that ?was reported to the Pope's disadvantage in Rome, at a time when a strong opposition to his person and to his Court prevailed there. This is the opinion of Schrockh, Ivirchengesch, Hefele-Hergenrother, Schmarsow, Burckhardt, and other authorities. As regards Infessura's most serious accusation, that of gross immorality ,in that corrupt age such a charge ?was but too frequently flung at any enemy. Things had come to such a pass that, as Burck hardt says, 'No one could escape calumny, and the most exemplary virtue provoked the worst detrac tion.' Atrocious crimes of this kind are not proved by the malignant gossip collected by a-* writer so open to suspicion as Infessura. No trustworthy contemporary, not one of the numerous Ambassa dors, who reported everything that took place in Rome with scrupulous accuracy, has a word to say on the subject; one, indeed, one of these Envoys (Nicndemus, of Pontremoli to Galeazzo Maria Sforza, Duke of Milan, August 9, 1471— original letter in the State Archives, Milan), immediately after the election of Sixtus IV. extols his blameless and pious manner of life. Whatever faults Sixtus IV. may have committed as Pope, there was no change for the worse in regard to moials and reli gion. The fact that he chose as his Confessor the blessed Amadeus of Portugal, a man of extraordi nary sanctity and mortification, is in itself a proof of this. We have ample evidence to prove that Sixtus IV. discharged his religious duties zealously and seriously, and venerated his holy patrons, St. Francis and the Blessed Virgin, with the same devotion which he had manifested before his eleva tion. . . , Even in the lifetime of Pius II. an Invective appeared from the pen of an offended Humanist (probably Filelfo), making the most in famous accusations against him, many of which were quite absurd. Here a charge similar to that made by Infessura against Sixtus IV. is not want ing, yet the moral life of Pius II. as Pope was blameless.' YET ONE MORE TRIUUTE. ' Some authors,' says De Montor, ' speak in famously of Sixtus IV., among them Raphael de Volterra ; but it is certain that that Pope was dis tinguished for many virtues, purity of morals, ex traordinary learning, consummate talents, a careful application to business, a noble and generous soul, and a decided taste for letters, of which he was a constant patron.' LEO X. AND THE 'REFORMATION' PERIOD. Mr. Arthur Galton:—' These men (Sixtus IV* and Alexander VI.) had been followed by Leo X., who ascended his throne with the words, ' Since God hag given us the Papacy, let us enjoy it.' Tf the saying be not true, he certainly acted up to it until he was startled out of his enjoyment. ? . . But the difference between the preaching and the practice of the clergy had grown too flagrant. Their claims and their lives were seen to be incompatible. Their yoke was no longer to be borne. The ignor ance of many, the arrogance of others, the tyranny of the whole system, was intolerable to the laity. The satires of Erasmus had roused public opinion, and goaded the clergy into madness. Their intem perate answers had, as is usual, advertised their own discomfiture and the opinions of their assailant. Upon materials thus inflammable there came, like a falling spark, the sale of the indulgences ; Luther flung down his defiance to the Papacy, and the whole religious world was in a blaze;'' Read in connection with a preceding statement t hat many of the Popes ''rivalled and even surpassed the heroes of Suetonius and the Augustan history,' and the definite charges made against John XXIII, (who, by the way, was deposed and branded as anti Pope), Sixtus IV., and Alexander VI., the ignorant Protestant reader of the Telegraph was left to draw his own conclusions as to what ' enjoying the Papacy' meant. In reply to this first let me give Protestant Bishop Creighton (Vol. IV., History of the Papacy) on Leo X. : — ' All men rejoiced at the accession of Giovanni de Medici, and when he took the name of Leo X. they smiled, and said that he was more like a gentle lamb than a fierce lion. The Cardinals could not restrain their satisfaction at escaping from the stern rule of Julius II. ; they all behaved, says an observer, as if they had themselves become Popes. The story was widely believed that one of the first sayings of the new Pope to his brother Giuliano was: 'Let us enjoy the Papacy, since God has given it to \is,' It seemed in men's eyes a worthy motto, and the Cardinals presented so many re quests to the new Pope that he said with a smile, ? Take my crown, and grant what you wish as if you were Popes yourselves.' The festivities of Leo's coronation showed that a reign of magni ficence and peace was to begin. . ... Leo on his death-bed felt he handed on his office with powers unimpaired, and with fair prospects for the future. Posterity adopted his opinion, and looke-d back upon him as the last of the great Popes before the Schism rent their dominions in sunder. The golden age of Leo X. shone with a lustre which owed its glow to contrast with the time that fol lowed. . . . The change that came over the fortunes of Italy in politics, in literature, in art, in society, in everything that made up life, was so sud den and so complete that men had no time to analyse its causes. They only looked back with sorrowful regret to the good old times before the crash had come and treated Leo as the last repre sentative of an age of heroes. For, after all, Leo's qualities were those of the epoch to which Italy long looked back as the period of its greatest glory. . . . In one point Leo was pre-eminently suc ceBsf ul ; he converted Rome for a brief space into the real capital of Italy, and his reputation is chiefly founded on this achievement. Before his Pontificate art and letters had been exotics in Rome, under him they were acclamatized. Julius II. had been a grim employer of literary and artistic labour ; Leo X. was a sympathetic friend, who provided congenial surroundings. Leo was a man who wished to enjoy life, and as a statesman saw, like Charles II. of England, the advantage to be gained from masking political activity under an appearance of geniality, indolence, and easy, good nature. . . . He encouraged by his laughter portentous feats of gluttony, and though habitually temperate himself (it is elsewhere authentically re corded that it was his custom to fast three days in every week), he liked to see the eyes of his guests glisten with undisguised enjoyment at the dainty fare which his table set before them. He wished everyone to share his enjoyments, and was not ashamed to be considered frivolous. Every morning Jus purse was filled anew with gold pieces, to be used for any chance occasion of benevolence. . . Leo wished all men to be happy, and did his best to make them so. His own personal character was good ; he was chaste and temperate ; he had banished violence from the Papal Court ; he was careful in the discharge of his priestly duties. It was true there were some abuses in the proceedings of the Papal officials, and his very good nature led him to grant petitions on insufficient grounds. The intrica cies of Canon Law were beyond him, and he knew that the chief penitentiary, Cardinal Pucci, held all sources of revenue to be lawful ; but Leo refused to traffic- in presentations to benefices, and would implore Pucci to be careful about the justice of the dispen sations which he brought for him to sign. One day a secretary brought him a dispensation for uniting two benefices, which lay a considerable distance from one another ; Leo asked how much was paid for the dispensation ; when he was told 200 ducats, he paid the money out of his own purse, and tore up the paper. He was not strong enough to put down abuses, but he tried to discourage them ? Under the rule of such a Pope, Rome naturally became the centre of Italian life and society. All parts of Italy sent their con tingent of artists and men of letters, and the Pope's example made the office of patron fashionable. Under Leo X. a new social order came definitely into existence, an order founded upon wealth, luxury, and art. Society, in fact, was ruled by purely social considerations. They were the foremost men who could afford to live in spacious palaces, give splendid entertainments, and gather round them a court of literary dependents. Next to the Pope in profusion stood the Siennese banker, Agostino Chigi, who owned a fleet of a hundred merchantmen, and had 20.000 workmen in his employ. The combined examples of Leo and Chigi reached all classes of Roman society, ecclesi astical and secular alike, and set the fashion of a cultivation of literature and art. Rome became the home of almostall the distinguished men of the day, and the history of Leo's Court becomes a history of Italian literature in its most;brilliant period. Many scholars were the Pope's servants, and were rewarded for their literary merits by ecclesiastical preferments. . . . The volume of (Joryciana reveals to us the names of a hundred and twenty poets resident in Rome. But poetry was not the only form of literature known in Rome, nor was Leo X. regardless of the claims of sound learning. One of the first acts of Leo was to provide for edu cation in Rome by restoring the ' Gymnasium,' which had been founded by Eugenius IV. Nearly a hundred professors were provided for the educa tion of students ; and Leo could boest that he had brought together from all quarters men of renown in every branch of knowledge ' that so the city of Rome may be the capital of the world in literature, as in everything else.' . . . Leo could certainly boast that during his pontificate Rome was amply provided with all that was necessary for a scholar's equipment.' Bishop Creighton adds : — ' But it is not literary judgments, or his patron age of scholars, .vhich have made posterity lenient towards Leo, so much as the imperishable memo rials of art which are still living testimonies to his fame. The age of Leo was the age of Raphael, and the man who was so closely associated with the supreme products of a remarkable phase of human culture can never be forgotten. It is true that Leo inherited the designs of Julius II., who laid down the plan for employing the three great artists of his time, and assigned to Michel Angelo the decoration of the Sixtine Chapel and the Papal Mausoleum, to Bramante the building of St. Peter's, and to Raffaelle the decoration of the Vatican. Leo, who enjoys the reputation of being a lover of art for art's sake, certainly expressed the prevailing sentiment in Rome when he chose Raffaelle as his favourite artist, and allowed full scope to his genius. But Raffaelle's early death on April G, 1520, was the end of the reign of art in Rome, and the reign of litera ture soon ceased a9 well. Not the peace of art, but the sword of controversy was to usher in the new epoch. Italy was no longer to be the teacher of the world ; nor was Rome to be the undisputed centre of Christendom, from which religion and learning were alike to radiate forth to other nations.' PAUL THE THIltD. Says Mr. Arthur Galton :— ' Cardinal Contarini's report to Paul III. asserted that Church benefices and dignities were ill-bestowed, with no care of fit ness for office. Paul III. himself had made Cardi nals of his two grandsons, aged 14 and 15.' Statements of this kind have a fine flavour for those who, like Mr. Arthur Galton himself, are wholly ignorant of the times and the custom of the times. During the pontificate of Paul III., and before it, and chiefly owing to the Pope's position as a temporal sovereign, and his relations with the Powers of Europe, the position of Cardinal had come to be regarded, apart from the Sacred College of Cardinals, as a semi- military, semi-civil distinc tion. Many of the Cardinals appointed to foreign Courts were merely ambassadors, laymen who had never taken any priestly vows, and who were free to marry when they liked. It is quite true that in what may be called the civil order of the Cardinal' ate even children were appointed. In the case of Paul III. nothing extraordinary happened. He had been married before he became a priest, and after his election as Pope he raised his grandsons to the purple. It may be taken for granted that his reasons were of a purely diplomatic kind. One of those relatives married into the Court of France, and the other became attached to the Imperial House of Germany. It was simply conferring on them princely rank without either the dignity or the obligations of the priesthood. They were never ordained. But one would think that Paul III. made all his appointments in the same way. Ranke is a somewhat higher authority than Mr. Arthur Galton, and I will call the great but bitterly anti Catholic German Professor of History as my wit ness on Paul's behalf. After Ranke, no other testi mony is needed. This is what Ranke says : — ' The most honourable act of Paul III., and that by which he signalized his accession to the Papal throne, was the elevation of many dhtinguished men to the College of Cardinals without any consideration but that of their personal merits. The first of these was the Venetian Contarini, by whom the others were afterwards proposed. They were men of irreproach able character, in high repute for learning, and well acquainted with the requirements of different countries. ... It was these same Cardinals who now prepared a plan for the reform of the Church by command of the Pope himself. . . . The habits of Paul III. were easy, magnificent, and liberal ; rarely has a Pope been so much beloved in Rom* as he was, There was elevation of mind in his choice of the distinguished men. we have before alluded to for the Sacred College, and that even without their knowledge. . ... Nor was he content with merely appointing them, he granted to all such an unwonted degree of liberty ; he endured contradiction in the Consistory, and encouraged unrestricted discussion. . . . Certain remon strances being addressed to him by the Emperor on having advanced two of his grandsons, he replied that he would do as his predecessors had done, that examples might be cited of infants in the cradle becoming Cardinals. His resolution to raise his house to the princely dignity, as other Popes had done, was clearly made manifest.' ANOTHER POPE LIBELLED— WHO WAS 'THE KEEPER O? HIS MONKEYS' ? Says Mr. Arthur Galton : — ' Julius III., his successor, elevated a boy, the keeper of his monkeys, and the malicious world began to talk of Jupiter and Ganymede.' It is hard to believe that this 'revolting calumny has been invented by Mr. Arthur Galton in mere ignorance. However, I will give the facts, and leave Mr. Arthur Galton to his conscience. The bitter anti- Catholic Ranke, who, by the way, has nothing to say of the 'impurities' of Sixtus so trium phantly paraded by Mr. Arthur Galton, clears the character of Pope Julius III. Here are Ranke's words : — 'A certain favourite he had made Cardinal, in fulfilment of a promise. This was a young man who had caught the Pope's attention in Parma, when, being a child, he was seized by an ape, and dis played so much courage that Julius, pleased with his conduct, adopted, and brought him' up, always showing him great affection. . . . The Pontiff desired to forward the interests of his family and of his favourite ; but he was not inclined to involve himself in any dangerous perplexities on their account. The pleasant and blameless life of his villa was that which, as we have said, was best suited to him.' What has Mr. Arthur Galton to say to this ? The Pope had no monkeys, and consequently there was no keeper. The story on which the disgusting slander is built, briefly summarized by Ranke, is a very simple one. Long before he was called to the throne, the Pope, while in Parma, which I may in form Mr, Arthur Galton i3 not portion of the Vatican Gardens, saw a boy bravely fighting for his life with an ape. The boy was victorious, and the ' coming Pope ' finding out his poor circumstances, had him educated at Parma, and as a reward for his courage promised to look after his interests in after-life. In due course, the boy, grown to man's estate, pre sented himself at the Vatican, and the Pope remem bering his promise, gave him a position at the Court with civil rank as Cardinal. Merely this, and nothing more. HOW EASY TO PAINT A POPE ULACIC. Much might be written in defence even of the much-abused Alexander, especially after his eleva tion to the Papal throne, when all cause for malicious slanders ceased — but what's the use. These attacks on the Popes of past ages were made for the most part by literary assassins in the pay of the princes who happened to be opposed to the Popes. The feuds of the rival Houses in Italy were almost entirely responsible for the personal attacks on the Popes. The same sort of' thing was done against the good and blameless Pius IX. when the revolutionists took possession of Rome. That was only, so to speak, yesterday. The whole world, Pro testants as well as Catholics, knew the beauty of his life and his spotless virtue, yet the very streets of Rome were for a year or more flooded with the foulest and filthiest printed calumnies, in which, by means of indecent caricature and shameless gutter literature, he was represented as little better than a monster in crime and iniquity. No defence was published, because none was needed. But, suppos ing we throw Pius IX. and the assassins of his personal character back three or four hundred years, then the outrageous attacks become ' matters of history.' These nameless ruffians of our own time, whose sole object was to overthrow the Papacy, and with it Catholicity and Christianity, under the glamour of the distant past, would be freely and triumphantly quoted by certain people as faithful chroniclers of the events of the period in which they lived. How is it that one never hears of tlie Popes since the Council of Trent being assailed by men who aim at being regarded as truthful historians ? The fierce light of hostile criticism has beaten about the Chair of Peter for the past 350 years; yet the characters of the Popes are unstained, and unblemished in the written annals or the world. Where is the fairness or the sense of harking back always to Mediaeval times, defaming the Popes, and then calling for rebutting evidence in the shape of documents when no such documents exist ? Let Protestants judge the Popes as they have known them. Surel y the test of 350 years is sufficient. THE 'BLESSED' REFORMATION. Mr. Arthur Galton, not having space enough to do justice to the blessings which, from the Protest ant, or — evidently more to his liking — from the in fidel point of view, flowed from the ' Reformation,' contents himself with summing up in a bald and stupid paragraph how the Church fared. ' Its effect,' he says, ' on the Roman Church was to make it harder, narrower, and more centralized.' Then he quotes with approval his great model', Froude, thus : ' The original Reformation was a revolt of the laity against the clergy, a revolt against a complicated and all-embracing practical tyranny — the most intolerable that the world has ever seen.' One cannot take Froude seriously when he writes about the Church, and especially about the Refor mation. The assertion that the Reformation was a revolt of the laity against the tyranny of the Church is ridiculous. It was the supreme effort of the kings and princes to enforce their tyranny on the Church as well as the people. There were no powerful Parliaments in those days to restrain the monarchs or the princes. The Church stood between them and the carrying out of their schemes of lust, greed, and plunder. Their aim was to sweep away the Church. Henry VIIL, for instance, wanted to get a divorce, and also to sack the monasteries so as to replenish his treasur}'. It was the same in Germany. No intelligent Catholic denies that there was corruption, great corruption, at the time, especially in Germany and England. It was precisely in these two countries — the hot-beds of heresy and the training grounds of the levolt against religious authority — that the first ' blessed' fruits of the Reformation were gathered. Wherever heresy arose, all through the long history of the Church, there there was always corruption nnd looseness of morals. But the Church, so (far from suffering, was purified and strengthened by the letting out of the poisonous humours from its con stitution. It was the same as discharging disease from the human body. The foul issue found other channels, and the Church, thus cleansed and chastened, pursued its Divine mission in its original purity, and with a renewed energy and increased strength. The Church is often, and with happiness of illustration, compared to a tree. Some of its branches, losing the vital sap, become withered, and either drop off or are cut down. The casting off of corruption and the pruning of the decaying branches are necessary to the life of the tree. The withered branches disappear, but the tree gains new life, and becomes more fruitful. In this the sacred promises of Scripture are. not broken -they are fulfilled to the letter. THE GAINS TO CATHOLICITY. . Froude, with the rather delayed but cordial' ap proval of Mr. Arthur Galton, speaks of the Refor mation as 'the hinge on which all modern history turns.' It would be equally correct to describe it as the turning- point in the true greatness and glory of the Catholic Church. At the period of the Reformation the total Catholic population of the world was 150,000,000. To-day independent official statistics give the number as 280,000,000, while the Catholic estimate is 300,000,000. Take our own times, and particularly the reign of Leo XIII. At no period has the Church been more active in its mission, more distinguished in achievement, more exalted in the eyes of the world. It would seem, as the Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney recently pointed out, as if Providence had reserved for us to see the Church in all the fulness of its Divine fea tures. Its enemies have exhausted all old weapons of attack, and vainly seek new arguments to im peach its character and impede its advance. The Church is in the very van of progress. It was said of old that the only pillars of the Papacy were the Royal thrones of Europe. Many of these thrones have been overthrown ; the rest have ceased to support the Papacy in the temporal sense. Yet to day Rome teaches and leads the world as of old. The Sovereign Pontiff, despoiled of every foot of his territory, and no longer a temporal as well as a spiritual ruler, occupies a leadership and position of moral authority, and wields an influence over the world unparalleled in the ' golden ages' of the Church. It was the fashion to accuse the Church of neglecting the Sacred Scriptures. To-day the fiercest critic is compelled to admit that there never was a time of such devo tion to the Scriptures, never so many illustrious commentators. The Church had been condemned on the records of History. Nov, every fresh research lends to the eternal truth of divine revela tion and to the greatness of the Church, and no one is more enthusiastic in opening all the rich treasures of History to students than the Sovereign Pontiff himself. In Theology, in Literature, and in Science the Church is in front. None dare accuse her of lagging behind the times. But it is in the mission ary field that we must seek the chiefest glory of the Church in this century. There she stands unchal lenged in zeal, generosity, and heroism, unap proached and unapproachable in 'the toils of the day' and the abundance of the .harvest. On no page of the Church's history does the missionary spirit shine with such splendour. But as these things did not happen during 'the Council of I Tr»/1*'» 4' ? 17 vein J\ »-« wt n ?? It « .£.. ? * ? P . . ? - ? i i'-i'i xiuuuc may uc lorgiven ior ignoring, ana Mr. Arthur Galton . excused for forgetting them, when telling us how 'hard and narrow1' the conquered and crippled Church became since the Reformation. Rome's immortal renown. In the December issue of the Fortnightly Review Mr. Alfred Austin, the successor of Tenny son in the English poet laureateship, had a brilliant contribution entitled, ' A Roman Reverie.' Con trary to the custom of certain writers who would deny to the Papal City the credit of having exer cised a beneficial influence, as regards art, litera ture, and science, on the world at large, Mr. Austin declares ! that no European na tion, even the most civilized one, can boast of the glories which, in these lines, be long to the capital of Christendom, that, from time immemorial up to a quarter of a century ago was ruled by the Church, and which will yet be restored to her rightful rule. 'For nigh on three thousand years,' he writes, 'Italy has had its archi tects, its sculptors, its lawgivers, its navigators, its searchers of the stars, its rulers of men. To every educated person Italy is ' the old country' ; to every filial mind Rome is the alma genilri.v. Only in Rome can we trace the majestic pageant of the centuries following each other now with elate, now with faltering footsteps, but always contributing something to the onward, if at times deviou°, march of man. Hence, while modes of civilization else where come and pass, Rome remains j and when some other conception of society shall have created other Londons and another Paris, Rome will still be the foster- nurse of the poet, and the home of the archaeologist, the goal of the artist, the bourne of the pilgrim, and the sanctuary of the saint.' THE CLOVEN HOOP — A WORTHY DISCIPLE OP FROUDE. Froude, who once upon a time had ' serious thoughts' of entering the Catholic Church, turned back, and by degrees drifted into that genteel form of Infidelity which is called Agnosticism. What more natural than that Mr. Arthur Galton should, like a faithful if blundering disciple, follow in his footsteps ? Speaking of the Vatican Councils, Mr. Galton says : — ' It is often difficult to see where the Holy Ghost comes in at all. ... . But in the sixteenth century a large part of mankind came to see that an infallible Church, composed of fallible members, was impossible and absurd. Since th?n, astronomy and geology have added new difficulties to our be lief, not in God, but in the old conceptions of Him. In our own times Darwin has removed us still further from the conceptions of our ancestors, as well as from our old beliefs about their probable form and nature. Indeed, the requisite rancour ot theological disputes may lessen, the Churches may even be reconciled and re-united, when we h;ive nothing left to fight about. As the hero says in the Iliad : ' Not even I wish to oppose myself to the Im mortal Gods ;' and, after all, God is not a monopoly of the Roman Church, though in her unreformed days she went very near to setting Him up for traffic.' UNCONSIDEUED, TRIFLES. I have not set myself the task of following Mr. Arthur Galton through his maze of errors and mis statements, especially as he, in humble imitation of Froude ?' on his last legs,' gives no authorities, (this -was Froude' a last refuge after being bowled out and exposed so often. Air. Arthur Galton is very sparing in quotation marks of any kind. In verted commas might, perhaps, spoil the look of some of his best sentences. Speaking, for instance, of the ' text-book ' accounts of the Council of Trent, he says, all out of his own head, ' such accounts are drawn without shadows ; and there fore as we must agree without light.' Of course, Mr. Arthur Galton has never read Schmarsow. If he had, he woull have come across the following : ' History belies herself when she paints her sub ject in a glare of light, oblivious of the deep con trasting shadows.' A SPECIMEN OF DISHONESTY. In another place Mr. Arthur Galton, speaking of the Supremacy of the Pope, says : ' As it took Sir Thomas More seven years to find convincing reasons for the Papal claims, less acute reasoners may be excused for not finding them at all.' This is a characteristic specimen of Mr. Arthur Galton's Froude-like dishonesty in alleged quotation. Here are the great Catholic layman's own words, addressed to the jury and the judge when the ver dict of death for rebelling against the spiritual sovereignty of Pope Henry VIII. of England was brought in against him : 'I have, by the grace of God, been always a Catholic, never out of com munion with the Roman Pontiff; but I have heard it said at times that the authority of the Roman Pontiff was certainly lawful and to be respected, but still an authority derived from human law, and not standing upon a Divine prescription. Then when I observed that public affairs were so ordered* that the sources of the power of the Roman Pontiff would necessarily be examined, I gave myself up to a diligent examination of that question for the space of seven years, and found that the authority of the Roman Pontiff, which you rashly — I will not use stronger language — have set aside, is not only lawful, to be respected, and necessary, but also grounded on the Divine law andprescription. That is my opinion, that is the belief in which, by the grace of God, I shall die.' A rilOTESTANT CONDEMNATION OP FKOUDE, The Athenaeum, which is the leading critical magazine in England, and by no means kindly dis posed towards Catholicity, in April last, in a review of Proude's ' Lectures on the Council of Trent,' declares that while they illustrate anew his great literary gifts, they also ' illustrate anew his extra ordinary — indeed, almost incredible — carelessness in regard to historical accuracy.' The lectures, the critic opines, cannot for one moment be taken as a serious contribution to the historioal study of the peiiod of the Reformation, and he points out their absence of any proof of familiarity with recent re searches on the subject, such as those of Bishop Stubbs on its constitutional aspects, and Father Gasquet's history of the suppression of the monasteries. The treatment of the Council itself is characterized as being ' largely of the nature of caricature, anu, ivnue we nuwiur s account or its dogmatic spirit is described as misleading, he is charged with the refusal to admit that the reform ing spirit within the Roman Church itself carried out the very reforms which we are told were what the world wanted. The ci'itic then goes on to ask whether Mr. Froude had ever heard of the Counter Reformation, of the nature of the educational work of the Jesuits, or of the history of the Roman missions in China and Jajjan. The value of Froude's last contribution to ' his tory' may be measured by the fact that he does not give a single authority for his statements, and that the editor of the lectures has to apologize for the many inaccuracies and imperfections. POISONED F0UNTAIN8. Mr. Arthur Galton, speaking of Froude, says with blissful unconsciousness of a really humorous observation, but on what sane or sensible ground I am entirely at a loss to discover, that ' for the details of the corruption of the Church he goes not to Protestant but to Catholic authorities.' He lias not the audacity to put in this plea on his own account. He does not go to any respectable or recognized authority at all. Why give himself the trouble ? All the inventions, misrepresentations, and outrageous distortions of history which Mr. Arthur Galton has ' worked up ' for his Daily Telegraph article are to be found, with reeking heaps of the same sort of stuff, in Brewer's (not Dr. Brewer, the historian, of State Papers celebrity) ' Lives of the Popes.' I am not certain, but I think that's the title of the ' work.' It is in twelve or fourteen volumes, and was being kicked about a lew weeks back in one or two of onr second-hand book- shops. As this pre cious 'work' could be had for a few shillings less than the original cost of the binding — it has probably been since purchased by some Sydney 'historian,' I wouldn't like to hint that Mr. Arthur Galton has had even a loan of it. However, even armed with Brewer, scurvy and scurrilous attacks on the Papacy and on the Church are played out. STALE, FLAT, AND UNPROFITABLE. The ex-priest lecturers in America and Australia, ?when themselves shielded from public contempt, as expressed in gratuitous eggs of antique flavour, have flung off these rotten, foul-smelling calumnies and libels so often and with such poor success that one might as well hope to draw a crowd of cus tomers in the market-place nowadays by shouting and offering stinking fish, as to expect to raise a newspaper sensation by 'pitching into the Popes of Rome,' or undertaking to 'prove Truth to be a liar.' TWO EXAMPLES FOR IMITATION. Brewer, by the way, was an apostate English Benedictine priest. After making all his atrocious charges against the Church, he was stricken with remorse, and begging for pardon, received it. He died repentant and reconciled — the Church for getting his folly and forgiving his treachery. He saved his soul, poor man, and that was all the Church he had so violently absailed was concerned about. His calumnies were but as a passing wind. All men, unhappily, have not the grace vouchsafed to Brewer. When the wretched Richard Pigott— how 'A. G.' would love tolling at him his favourite ' splendide mendax' so bravely applied to Cardinal Manning — having dishonoured his country, dis graced his name, and proved traitor to his religion, failed in his vile attempt to blacken the character of Ireland's leaders, he, too, was stricken with remorse. He went to Madrid and ? everybody knows what happened there. [An interesting portion of our contributor's article, dealing with Henry VIII. and the English monas teries, and giving the truth, is unavoidably held over till next week,— Ed. F. J.] 