Tobacco Dust for Insects. A reader asks me, says T. Greinrr, xvhether tobacco dust should be apph, j to vines when they are wet xvith dexv <n- xvhen they are dry. This moves me to say that the tobacco dust, or the bone meal, or the mixture of both, is not in. tended as a coating for the leaves, xvhich xvould make them poisonous or un palatable, but as a covering for the that xvill make the atmosphere very un comfortable for all insects and worms. I like to have the material remain dry and dusty as long as possible. In that case it has a. more thorough effect en bugs and beetles that have hard shells. The wet tobacco, or tobacco tea, or even the fumes of xvet tobacco, are very unxvholesome to the soft-bodied insect--, worms, etc. I find that the cucuml. r beetles do not like to work in dust, and least of all in tobacco dust. When I put this latter inch deep round melon or cucumber plants, the yellow-striped beetle promptly takes its departure and will stay away as long as the tuba era remains dusty, or as long as it gives i ff a strong tobacco smell. Let me repeat, too, that this same waste material is one of our best and cheapest general insecticides. We can use it both under glass and in open air. By all means keep a good supply of it on hand. Possibly you can get sweep, ings from a near cigar factory, -or x mj may buy the material by the barrel at 52.51' to?3. It xvill last you for yeais and help you to keep the premises clear of the X's.rious pests that prey Upon crops and animals. If you scatter tobacco dust by hand or with belloxvs ox-er your rows of peas, just at nightfall, you can kill the slugs that are so often eating all the lower foliage off and greatly damage the crop. Or if you dust it in the same way over ycur currant and gooseberry bushes, when infested xvith worms, you v.ill quickly see the xvorms disappear. in the same way you can quickly kill all the leaf-eating xvorms and slugs on your trees and bushes ex-nry where. The tent caterpillar and the fall xveb-worm, and all other caterpillars on trees and plants gix-e up the ghost within a few minutes after coming into contact with tobacco dust. And besides all tliis, tobacco dust is worth about what it costs as a fertiliser. We can also control, in a mea sure at least, the most unmanageable pests of our gardens, namely, the ilea beetle and the cabbage maggot. But in order to make thorough xxmrk, in ridding the plants of these pests, we hax'e to be ' very liberal in the use of "the tobacc i dust. For instance, if we throw a good , big handful into the heart of the cabbage plant, or caullfioxx'er plant, or on a choice seedling potato, we may be quite sure that the flea beetles will leave, for a time at least, and if xve apply the same quantity to the stem of a caboage or cauliflower plant, xve may be sure the maggots xvill not flourish there for a while. 