The .dentist will make more maneypet acber than any fanner is the land. Tb© world would be 50 per cent. better if the people who mean lio barm Wouldn't do any. < . „ Boctor—'Mf yon bind salt pork on your face it Will euro toothache." Patient—"Bat, doctor, won't it give me pork bhops?" The man who is born to be hanged will never be drowned; bat it is best not to venture too far beyoftd your depth, young man, for all that.. " I See that you have taken down the baro* meter that used to hang on your wall." ''Yes; it Was too suggestive. There was always a storm brewing." Cabby—"Hev a cab, sir?" Passer-by— " I'v "Awfully good of you, old man; but I've really nowhere to put it." Cabby grewlB un printttbly, and the episide is closed. The country newspaper remarks that the man who takes a dog out shooting with him cannot help feeling glad sometimes, when be comes home, that the beast is dumb. A waiter says that people are unreasonable. They expect too much from him. If they had proper consideration they would net all rush in to dinner at the busiest hour of the day. A—"Spouter is a pretty able debater, isn't he?" B—" I should say so. Why, he can call an opponent a liar and a scoundrel in fifteen different ways without violating the rules of order." Neighbour's Boy (looking through the fence) —"My father's a heap bigger man than your®!" New Boy (with cold disdain)—"Sise ain't no thin*. When my father coughs you can hear him half a mile!" At the Masqubra.de,—" Prom this time on I shall believe in ghosts," said Lottie. "Why so?" You know that • widower' who has been devoting himself to me all the evening? WeB, his dead wife appeared just now and took him home." Poor Jones had been whipping the stream all day without a rise. Hieland Laddie— " They're best fryot in butter, sir." Hieland Lassie—"Ye micht gie's a' ye canna eat yerael', sir." Hielana Laddie—" Wull come owre an' cairry thorn hame for ye, sir." Pond Mother—"Willie, as yon come home from school, stop at the chandler's, and get mo two bars of soap and a pennyworth of barley sugar," Fond Father — "What on earth do you want the sweets for?" Fond Mother—"Oh, that's so he'll not forgot the soap." J Un April 1, in the lifetime of Sir Joseph I Need ham. Chief Justice of Vancouver, some j jokers nailed a quarter of a dollar to a side : walk, and then watched with delight people ! who were trying to pick it up. Along came the Chief Justice, and when he found the coin j nailed he calmly proceeded to kick away at it with his foot till he loosened it, and then with j grim satisfaction put it in his pocket. A negro about to purchase a fish visited a j Bhop where several were exposed for sale; but suspecting that one, which he intended to buy, was not altogether as fresh as ho could wish, ho presumed either to dissipate or eon firm his suspicions by applying it to his nose. The fishmonger, conscious that it would not bear examination, and fearing that otber cus I tomers might catch the scent, exclaimed in a surly tone, "How dare you smell my fish?" " Me no smell, me only talking to him, massa." " And what were you talking about?" " Me ask him, massa, what be the hest news at sea." " And what reply did he make you?" "Oh, massa, ho say he know no news, as he have not been there these three weeks." In a case before a Paris Court, in which ft popular actress has had to appear as a witness, the Judge seems to have shown considerable diffidence about asking the lady, as ho was in duty bound to do, what was her age. Evi dently he considered that such a question, put to such a witness, would be a direct incite ment to perjury. The way in which he got out of the difficulty was ingenious, although decidedly irregular. Heasked herher age before she had- been sworn. "How old are yon, madam?" he said. After a little hesitation the lady owned to being twenty-nine years of age. "And now that you have told the Court your age," continued the gallant Judge, "you swear to toll the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth." Some years ago there lived in Alabama ft Judge who was noted for his sarcasm which ho dispensed during his administration of justice. On one occasion a young man was tried for stealing a pocketbook. The next case was for murder. The evidence in the larceny case was slight, but in the other seemed to the Judge conclusive. To his amazement and wrath, however, the Jury convicted the young man and acquitted the murderer. In passing sentence upon the convicted thief, aft<jr tho discharge of the other prisoner, the Judge said:—"Young man, you have not been in th s country long." "No, your Honor," re plied- the prisoner. " I thought not," said the Judge; " you don't know these people. You may kill them, but don't touch their pocket books." On another occasion, when the evi dence seemed to point conclusively to the prisoner's guilt, but when the Judge, from long experience, distrusted the Jurymen's wisdom, the counsel for the defendant said:— "It is better that ninety-r.ine guilty persons should escape than that one innocent man should suffer." In his charge to the Jury tho Judge admitted the soundness of the propo sition, but added impressively and severely:— "(lentlemen, I want you to bear in mind that ninety-nine have already escaped." 