ETHE SPOTTER'S WARNINGS or nunsNA yr. subldoh. A queer, white fooor ghastly as death, glared in at the window of Osrl Manning's shanty. Carl looked up from his b'/olc instinctively. He had heard no sound, but he folt the -pres ence nnd just then the moon broke clear from behind a oloud »nd-he saw tho ghastly face dis tinctly. "My God! How horrible!" he cried -invol untarily, and then, as the face disappeared as mddonly as it camo, he caught his hat from the peg by the door and rushed out after it. Oarfbod been at Little Gulch only a short time, but oven a trifliug ssay was long enough to learu the story of that ghastly apparition. A minor's daughter bad been cruelly murdered bore in the Uolch years ago, and on every gusty, moonlight night her toco was seen at come shanty window, and here Carl paused in his hur ried race, for ho remembered lue end of the tra dition. " To sco that face means death or trouble,", he whispered in the darkness, and then ho grasped his stout stiek tighter. 'Theros al ways troublo in this world," he muttered philo sophically, u and if it wasn't for Kitty I should saythnt death was welcome." y Ho caught his hat just as an eddying gust raised it deftly from his head, and then seeing how foolish was his search in this shadowy dark ness, turned slowly from the task ho bad under taken and went book to his book in thn little shunty. It was a copy of Foe that be was reading, and asbepioked it up again be was amazed to And that tho pago where he had stoppod so sud denly bod ' been completely torn across the middlo. Ho Btared at it vacantly at first, but thero it was, the beautiful rhythm of " Annabel Lee," torn in a jagged line, as if by hasty fingers, and search where bo would in the humble cabin the other half of the p»go was nowhere to bo found, Carl sat down with bis back to tho window and began to ferret tho matter out. " It was bad enough for her to scare mo hnlf out of my senses," he soliloquized, 'but to como in while 1 was searching the place over for hor and tear my book is a littlo too raoan for anything." He looked at tha injured volume ruefully and ahook his liaad. "Not another to bo found within a thousand miles, I'll wager," ho muttered, bitterly, "and to think that 'Anoobol Leo,' the prettiest poem in tho whulc copy ahould he the ono sho chose to damage ! " And tben he began thinking ovor the story of thn murdered maiden. She had beon'fouUy kilted by a jo-ilous lover, -they said, and now' no man at tbe littlo Gulob but dreaded hor acts of ghostly vengeance. It was a romantic story in its way ana the more be thought of it tbo moro it camo to him that 1 Annabel Lee ' was not so inappropriate after all, nnd might bring somo comfort to this flitting spirit. F<<r Car) was sure it was none other than the ghostly visitor at bis window who had entered his cabin in bis absence, and now, yea, tharo was anothei presence at the casing, but for a moment he fouud it absolutely impossible for him to turn around and faoo it. But it was not necessary for him to look thii timo, for his visitors were e&ch; and all most tangible and, moreover tbev were eager to make known their presence. Carl sprang to bis feet in amazement when a half dozen rough-clad minors slouched through the door andetood in a threatening group before aim. He know instantly why thoy had come, uid thon, oariously eaougb, the warning of tbe dead girl's face flashed suddenly upon biin. "Too bad sho couldn't havejpecpod in at me sooner," be muttered boneath his breath, " for theu at least I could havo had my weapon and been ready for this gang of ruffians." " You be a littlo surprised few see we 'uns," the foremost of his visitors said coarsely, as he noticed Carl's evident agitation. " You thought you'd kivered your trades, you dog, an' that we wuz all so stoopid in the Gulch 'at we wouldn't find out you wuz a pottor." Carl recovered himsolf instantly, and loaning baok, now perfectly composed, placed his elbow on the rude pino mantel. " Yon aro six to one, Air. Johnson," he sold, coldly. "If you aro not afraid of me, 6end your mon outride and we will have a word in private." Tho moment his words escaped his lips he was surprised at the consternation that he saw before him. In an instant it occurred to bim that they, tuo, had seen tbe apparition, and were thoroughly frightened of tho darkness. " There's no ubo tivkin' to us to-night," tho man Johnson sird, with a preemptible shudder, " for we've seen the Spirit of the Gulch, en' one an' all wo'vo had uur warnin'." Then as if the conmge of his crowd rested alone on prompt activity ho drew a long black rope from his pocket and looped it over a con venient rafter. Carl Manning braced himsolf and looked the man squarely in tho eye as he fiuished bis ominous contrivance. "Call me what you will," he esid quietly. " I camo out here in tho interests of thn mine to loarn exactly what yon were doing. If you woro honest you would notfear n3e,butasyouarc only a pack of theivesand murdorors you tremble at my preseoco hero ami havohrought your gang of aix to ono to shoot me down or hang me." Then ho folded his arms and raised bis head and his voico rang out determinedly— "Do your worst, you naok of ravening wolves I Lay your plans to destroy my work- plot your brave schemes to tako my life— pre pare tbo noose, tho rope, tbo knifo, have every thing ready to add ono more murder to youi list, and thon— then lay your bands upon me— if you dnro ! " And bis eyes glared at them savagely with the fury of an angry tigor. Hardly had his voice ceased to echo through the fthnnty when ono of tbo ruffians sprang for ward with a shout, and snatched bis pistol fron? the table, " Ho is unarmed ! Tako him by forco ! " he shouted, riotously, and the rvholo gang surgod forward togcthor as if to tear his limbs asuniicr. " Stand back ! ' Carl's voico rang out boldly, then quick as ligbtuling his arm shot forth and a blow foiled the nnnrcst brute to tho floor. Then, just as ho recovoreri himself for a second attack, his eyes were drawn irresistibly toward tbo window, whero once morn tho ghustly face of tho gir) peered in upon the scene boforo hor. "Look there 1" Carl whispered tragically, as ho pointed toward tbe window. "Thero is the ghost of your murdtsred girl ! How dare you think to slay auother ?" As if expecting and dreading this very apparition, the men turned, almost with ono accord, aud glaucod in fear at tbo narrow window. There was a shriek from ooe, a curso from another, and, seeing his chanoe in that momeut of horror, Curl sprang forward and wrenched his pistol from tho loader's hand, and fpr a socoud luo wholo placo bellowed with tbe rapid emptying of its clumbers. Springing over that jumble of writhing forms, Carl hurriedly collected his papers, aud thon remembering, even, in his danger, the volume of poems, ho snatched tho book from tho table, and sbrust it into his pocket. Thon he picked his way carefully noross tho rooks, a fow stray bullets keeping him ominous company, and by running always in tho shadow whs boon far away from tho little ehnuty. " Tborc is a train ot eleven," he whispored to himself, "that will soou tako mo oast of the Mississippi," and thon ho stopped running, ilmost too suddenly, as another vision oamo iwiftly upon him. " Kitty," he called tondcrlv.; "Kitty, dar ling, is It you, or am I still in the land of ipirilsP" Without a sound tbo young girl hurried toward bim and threw herself into his out- itretobod arms. " Take mo with you," she laid frantically. " Take mo with you or they will kill me too," nnd Carl, almost without a thought of what he was doing, half ledL half iarriod her to the station, . . . . A year later -in their Easlorn honso Carl Manning ana his wife sat down for their after iiunqr chatting. "tto old Tom Johnson wob not your father liter all," Carl said over anil over, as though ho repetition of the words wen something nore tuan ordinarily pleasant. Thon ho took ior on his koeo and his face assumed a iboughtfol expression. " Well, i am glad I did nob kill him-any way," 16 said softly, "although the owner of the mine ays DmlgUt.just as well havo dono so for I arjpplod overy moo of tbom that evening," Thon 10 smilodmor tenderly into her eyes as he added u a lighter tone; "but what I am sorry fur, ittle ooe, is that I did not wait to solve tho aystery of that woman's faoo, for as -I Uvo, it was he that saved mo l'\ Without a word Kitty slid down from his knee «nd bt-mm ransacking in hor box of treasures, 4 Will this help you to lay hor ghost P" she said, nurrily, and then sho unfolded before his wtonishod oyos tho half of his poem, " Annabel ',ee,"ancl tried to amootbout the jagged edges. It wqqld tnko nivoaprcas train, rnnning continuously at tho rate of 3,000 fsot « minute, 233 years to roqoU tho sun /«un thfr plane 