1 OHAPTEE IV.— Contimied. ' , Di\ Iredale looked up, and met ?his eyes with a startled fear in h.is 'own. \- ' I amafraid it is more serious , than that,' ho faltered ; for a peculiar dark shade had fallen over Dick's handsome face— a creep ing ehadowy presence, that is only seen once on the face of anyone this side of eternity. ' Good heavens, ! lredale ! you don't mean that he is dead?' cried the squiro distractedly. ' It —it caunot be Run for brandy, sal. volatile ; anything to rouse him from this terrible stupor,' he cried, awe-stricken by the blanched gravity of John Iredalo's face. ' My clear Iredalo, for the love of heaven, rouse yourself ! Tho man will die while you are hesitating ! ' The news of Dick Cranbourne's sudden and alarming illness soon spread through thebuilding.and'the guests crowded into tho narrow limits of tho vestry in tho utmost ' surprise and consternation. 'What was the reason of this terrible noizuro ? Could it bo heart complaint ? tho existence of which no ono would havo suspected in a man of poor Cranbourno's magnificent physique.' - After a hurried examination of , his poor friend, Dr. lredale looked round upon tho anxious facos aild ?ghoolc his head. , .' ' Tho case is hopeless. 'He is quite dead ! ' ho faltered brokenly, ' I cannot toll you what is the cause of death yet, for I do not know myself.' Marco Sanchez pushed his way forward, to look with distended eyes at tho inanimate figure, so lately instinct with life and health. He was as palo as a ghost and trembled perceptibly. ' How terrible ! How awfully sudden ! Is it possible there is no hope ? Ho cannot bo dead ' ' ' He is dead,' repeated Dr. Ire dale, with stern regret. 'His sud den and tragic end is absolutely iu explicablo from a professional point of view. To my certain knowledge he was in perfect health yesterday.' Marco shrank back as John lre dale, with a sudden oxclamation, made his way through the crowd of onlookers into the body of the church. ' Miss Drummond and her father are on their road now 1' ho ex claimed hurriedly, 'At all liazards we must prevent her from looking upon this terribly painful scene. It would kill her.' He strode down the isle as ho spoke, and out into tho churchyard. 1 v'Are thoy coming,' he asked feverishly of the bystandprs. . 'No, sir ; they bo very late,' said an old man, who stood - supported xon his1 crutches, by tho lich gate. '.' It is providential that they are,' he said turning, out into tho , road at a rapid pace, '. I must ar rest their further progress, if pos Bible.' , .. They watched his rapidly retreat ' ing figure until ho was lost to view ? by a turn in tho road. ' How shall I break- it to her ?' to thought, nerving himself for tho ordeal that lav before him.' At length, descending a distant hill, ho saw tho approaching car riage, ' and standing prominently forward, ho awaited its coming witli a sinking heart. On tho road he had met his partner, and despatched him with a few hurried words to the church, bidding him try all possible means to recover ' poor Oranbourno to consciousness, al though in his own mind ho know perfootly woll that his friend had died in his arms before they' had borne him into tho vestry. Mr. Drummond had ovidontly caught sight of Iredalo as they des cended tho last hill ; for ho pulled the check string sharply, and let down tho window. ?Violet also leant forward to lookJ with concern at the doctor's pan agitated; face. ^ 'How is it you are hore, IrqdaleP' called Mr. Drummond anxiously. 'Is anything wrong? Heavens, man ! you look awfully bad 1' ho exclaimed, as John lredale ap proached tho carriage door, and stood before them bareheaded, 'I regret to say,' he faltered ' that poor Cranbourne is ill. Ho had arrivod at tho church with mo some time beforo tho appointed hour, and he was seized with euddon faintness.' . Violet bent forward breathlessly, her cheeks as white ast he dress she wore. . ' Dick ill ?' sho gasped. ' But he — he was belter when you left him ? Ho has recovered conscious ness, has ho not ? Oh why did you leave him, Dr. lredale ?' Mr. Drummond had been watch ing tho young doctor's face, and an inkling of the truth flashed across him. ' Is his illness serious ?' ho asked huskily, 'I regrot to say it is, very serious,' said Dr. Irodalo,'meetirig tho banker's questioning eyes with a glanco of intelligence, ' May I aslc that you will not go on to the church ?? The ceremony cauuot possibly take placo to-day.' '? You are keeping something back,' exclaimed Violet, starting 'up in wild excitement. ' If Dick is ill, I must go to him' ! Oome ?with us, Dr. Iredalo. Papa, , tell tho coachman to drive on.' (To he continued.} 