!BREVITIES AND COMMENTS.! i Budget. Bunny triumphant. Eeturn ball booming. That jetty to be built. ] : Petty thefts this week. j" A sanguine Treasurer. : "'* Slust be a huge success. Deficiency of £362,505. . i ' Incandescent lights a succraT~ T ~ " " Brer Kabbit not yet vanquished. Election matters pushing along. i St. Luke's Church concert a success. i . Church bicycle parade last Sunday. i Commissioner Baragwanath wanted more law. ' Bevision Court formally closed on Thurs day. I . Who dug'the hole? r Ask Detective Ban non. Where's the dog cart ? Mangy cure about again. . *?- .' - ! . When are those public conveniences to be erected ti . » Wifjs on the green at the Eye and Ear Hospital. ' ! Red tape. One man paid id. income tax' last year. '. Argus " libel action in Sydney not vet dead. ' r.~Two - more -aspiring" councilldi'S"now it the field. ' ! Sewerage works almost finished in Claren don-street. , : Two bicycling councillors'. Dp they liks our roads? -.???-. - . -1 Sleeting of local Benevolent Society on Monday night.. . . ;' Mifs Trcssic Maddens silvery voice;.will win lier fa'me:'' . .?stifi'-J.- I Good speech by Mr. T. Smith, M.L.A., in another.columrii i . !, " We've heard enough of you.". Mr. . Keogb. r.M., to a debtor. 1 Capital i>f a man starting business in Clarendon-street-£6. j 1 What would councillors give for a jump' through time over election day ? . ' Those rabbits journeyed long and.far. question was : " What's int'l'it'?" V w j South Melbourne well up in the inter-club bicycle road tournament, i / ' ?? "1 . Soutn Melbourne beats Melbourne to-day. Our goal-kickers been holding back. Admiral Fitz Gibbon routed the Premier. So think his disciples. " ' Shocking extravagance in small matters in the Telegraph t ffice. . Premier Turner's budget took two and a-half hours in delivery. .. . ,. ! *. * f! ' s ^ i V f Budget speech|;the quintes8cnce'bf.;si;ccint nek and clearness1.'- 'VU"'- '«>."! .-> j South Melbourne Natives show a fairly good balance-sheet this term. , "There's a live baby all dead "ran the message of a small b iy to the police. Novel method of metalling our roads. Tha basalt apparently dropped out of a balloon. Bloated plutocrats in Victoria number 327.' They have incomes over £2200 each. : Hurrah 1 Some meters rounded on the Gas Company last half. The consumers'' innings at last. The worm will turn. ' Birds in their little nests agree. Absurd.' They fight like anything. i South Melbourne does not loom large for special grants in the budget.- . ~ . The "Age" .booming jMr. Sterilised Milk Whitley. It will not catch on. Melbourne Benevolent Asylum committee admits no "opposition house" as its com peer in cliarity. A charitable boast, eh ? Whatever they do elsewhere we have no poisoned rabbits in our market. : A cynic remarks that the Sneazwell family must have swallowed a spook. True, they nearly threw up the ghost. Marble clocks presented to ex-brothers of the cloth Molloy and Hargravc. Hargravc'a song wasa tieat to listed to. Pretty marriage ceremony at the Dorcas street church on Tuesday. An Albert Park couple. A London paper says the bicycle craze is a mere passing fancy. We difier. Why, nearly all our doctors stride the wheel. Mr. W. H. Lumley retires from the elec tion contest. Mr. P. Skehan fills the breach, A witness at the local court said she had some " langwiage " in her pocket. Double event, but not twins. Two inno cents slaughtered this week. South Mel bourne aud Port Melbourne. Beaconstield-parade asphalt breaking in : parts. A stitch in time, you know, public works committee. . .Presentation; of'.-handsoine certificate lo ex-President Sturt at the Natives' meeting on Monday last. V ; The foreman of Buchanan's foundry (Wil liam Brock) committed for trial for alleged manslaughter. Middle Park club carries oil first and second prizes in the 25-mile amateur bi cycling racc. Where arc the police. Sergeant Moncktnn may tremble. Refused to send a special constable to watch a clothes line. ; Understood that the Casterton branch .N.A.A., swindled of £100 by Slattery, the scrip man, will not lose the money. A Sydney "clairvoyant" plays it low down on his emotional clients. His system culled out of a twopenny conjuring book. Two South Melbourne inventors gazetted this week-Messrs. A. Gunn (in the limelight line) and Mr. N. P. Boberta (hydraulic' lifts). ' Wilson's . Promontory - Prisoners'. Labor-. Utilisation scheme. One of the things to come, says Mr. G. R. Murphy. Theory good, but . Commissioner Turner snared high on Tues-' iday. " In the bright light of the meridian sun," and "the'index finger of fate." Ta ran-ta-va. , ._ ; One hundred typhoid patients turned away from Melbourne Hospital during last year. Wonder if they went there and back in public cabs. 11 What a perfect statesman that man is." Chorus of Labor members on hearing Pre mier Turner's budget proposals. Statesman or diplomat-which! Inter-municipal rivalry again. Port Mel bourne Council had a canine visitor on Wed nesday night. Forty-seven kicks and a push and doggy found the road. : Why do-they always present clocks'to' retiring policemen ? Sergeant Monckton explains that it is to show l.be recipients that the time for retirement has fully ar rived. But then he is a cynic, at times. ? No tote raids in South Melbourne. People too law abiding. They would not bet a penny-unless they thought they would win. ; Suppose we have another, drought this year, bow will it afiect the Treasurer's esti mates. Messrs. Jones.. Danks, Thistlethwaite, and White, M.L.A., J.'sP.i dealt with two shop thieves on Thursday. They were named Charles Sayers, aged 22, and John Seymour, 24, and were charged with stealing £ suit of clothes valued at 30s. Mr. Myere, a pawn broker, of Clarendon-street, saw one, of them take the clothes from the doorway" of his shop, and both ran off, The shopman was sent in pursuit and caught, up with the thieves, who for some reason not stated, handed him the stolen goods. Constable M'Intyre was called and arrested them. Sayers pleaded guilty and Seymour denied the charge, so, whereas his mate will breathe the air of liberty in six weeks, he will remain, in'ga'ol for two" months. An old woman named Margaret Traynor, who when arrested in the Albert Park a week previously, was bordering on delirium tremens and was possessed with strong suicidal tendencies, was brought up on re- mand, on Thursday, for insulting behaviour. Dr. Shields certified that although fit to be discharged from gaol the woman had once been confined in an asylum and was still silly. The bench sent her back for another week's treatment. 