* Ihq taifter It v5 OUAPTER VIIi.-Continued. " Why, `Lady Darrell,'. exclahn-d Oounbt Jura,- "you surely don'b mean to tell me you are afraid of spirits I' :. 'ot of spirits,' answered Alice with an imperceptible shivr, as. Lord Radine turned t.i tospeak to a lady close by; i but of men," .Count Jura, I am afraid.' : 'She has seen Paul,' was Count Jura's swift thought. ' * 'Then you think this was °a man I he continued easily. ' I am sure of it.' The count elevated his brows."? ' Shall we go for a stroll into the hall and_ coinservatory I' he said in his .iost0 graceful fashion. : i: : . Alice hesitated. She would much prefer to have remained alone. Somehow she disliked and feared this ? man, but she could not refuse. " Loy was speaking to his mother as they passed. Lady Darrell saw the glance lie gave to his wife, and the way his brows contracted as if with pain and' exation. 'Roy,' she said aloud, softly, ' she does -well to-night, and how beautiful she is.' Roy turned and grasped his mother's hand 'Thank you, dearest,' he said liurtiedly; ' she is indeed most beautiful. Mother, I begin to think we have judged her harshly; recollect she married me thinking to save my lif~' . I do remember it,' answered his mother gently, 'and for the future she shall be wel. come to me as my daughter; my pride has been against her all this time, but to-night revealed a lady in every sense of the word, and you have no noed to blush for. your wife.' 'I shall seek or send to the Browns to make every inquiry about her birth. I am certain she has proud blood in her veins, mother, antl does not belong to themi.' Valerio was just behind him as he ex claimed this. ' Discussing my Lady Alice,' she observed with an effort to keep her sneering temper dovn: .' She has astonishod me. What a born actress the. girl is I' ' Actress I' repeated the earl, vexed beyond measure at the words ; 'it is not acting, Valerie ; it is nature,' Vitlerie bit her lip, her worst fears were onflrmed. * I.congratulato you,' she said softly, just glancing at himiei with her lustrous eyes; 'it has been a severe test, and no one among your friends is more pleased at the success than I am, Roy.'. Roy's face softened. ' Thank you Valerie ; it is like you to be so kind. I ain anxious that you should be friends with my-my-the countess. You are so clever, you can help her.' ' My Lady Alice does not need my aid, J~oy buat sine you w|eb it I will alway, rLVTN be her friend, first for your sake, and then for hers.' Thewords were spoken bravely. None knew what an agony of pain' was living beneath that smiling exterior. Lady Diarrell overheard her son's requestb and her face was puzzled. ,. S'Roy:is like all men-clumsy,' she said to lerself. 'Valerie will never be' a friend toahis wife.' Alice, meanwhile walked away ,with-Oouent J ura.i Shessoarcely heard whati he was say ing..: All thei evening, her memory. had gone back w th a thrill to:-her husband and- his requesb. 'ri~-morrow they were to meet and walk together.? . It was lie ahbeautiful dream to her, and unconsciously brought her happiness. ':Cotint Jura led the way to a marble ante. room. .:Ftatues:gleiimeddwliite among the foliage of rare tropical plants, dim lamps were hung about, and a fountain played in the centze. :' .Let us esit here awhile,' he said as he led her towards a velvet couch, placed close to the fountain; ' we have had no time for a clhab, Lady Darrell.' 'Nor shall I have any now,' Alice said hurriedly, forcing herself to smile. ':You forget, Count, I have my guests to ,attend to., ' And am I not one I' he asked quietly. Alice opened her fan and moved it to and and fro, but did not answer. 'So-you werd frightened in the ruins to. day?' went on the count, drinking in the fair loveliness of her face with passionate avidity. 'Yes; but it was very stupid of me. Please do not think ine a coward, count.' \- And if you are afraid in broad daylight, how can you have the courage to sleep in a room with all these glorious jewels 7' He touched a glitteriing bracelet as bhe spoke. ' I am nob afraid in my own apartment,' Alice said, wondering just a little at the way in which he always discussed the diamonds. The countnoticed her surprise ; lie adroitly changed the conversation. SAh, youdshould see the wonderful caves and weird nooks I have beh .ld in my travels.' Ghosts and spirits dwell in them, indeed I' I should be glad to travel and see other lands.' Alice spoke dreamily. 'You Would I' broke in the count. ' Ah, how would you like to leave this cold desol ate place, and see .nothing but blue sky, sun shine, and flowers 7 Fancy a garden, with orange groves scenting the air, with t,-rraces leading down to a bay as blue-as blue as your starlike.eyes I One can be happy in a home like that I' 'Do you know of such a place I' the girl asked, eager to continue the conversation. 'Yep, I know of such a paradise. It is minoe-all mlinn. Now it stands empty and deserted ; it only waits for a mistress--a mistress f sir, lovely as the sun, with gentle grace and maddening eyes -such as yours. Yes, you aro-' ( Count I' Alice rose quickly, but Lie arm stole round. lier slender waist. 'Yes, yes-you are the only woman in this wide world that could bring happiness in such a bomo, Have not my oeyes spoken clearly ? Did you nob understand 1 Alice -my Lady Alice-listen I I will take you away from all-this gilded misery; you are wretched here. aI can give you more-love. Yes, girl; you cannot comprehend whaba .passion is. devouring -my.heartb; -For you I. live alone, forI Ilove you I' : : 'Lob me go ?' breathed 'Alice, wrenching herself from ;his grasp. .'How Idare you ? How' dare you insult me like this.' . S'Insult ?' The man laughed;. 'Whab;i· do yodu bpreterid that .you have nobt iseen my love ? :Your love I' repeated the girl with deep-. est scorn. ; Ihave seen nothing.- If I had ish'iold'lI have bome here to hear your insultbsl Go; "go .at once I You are a cowardl I 'iate you I: SHrate me I Beware, Lady Darrell I ~mI your friend, your :lover" nowb , 'hui you make' me your enemy, andI will fight you to the end. The girl drew up her figure to the full height,: and-= pointed her !right" hand to the, doorway ' Go I' she said quietly., I am not afraid ; a man to use threats to a woman must be a cow.ard. Go . ,The countb- turned, then swiftly moving back, he seized her 'rm and' pressed his lips to her hand witlla passionate force that hurt her. ' You shall sue to me yet,' he murmured. ' You shall yet be in my poweri-I' swear it !' Alice stood watching his retreating orm; her h'and .was elenched on her arm where his lips had touched it., Sho'felt sick and ill,, and was trembling in every limb-;, she put ouh her hands wildly, pride' had lent. her strength, but now when she was alone, her strength went quickly, and scarce knowing. where she was, she sank on to the couch, white and almost insensible. Her eyes were closed ; she did not see a man's figure enter the doorway and approach She dimly heard ia suddlen exclamation, and knew no more till she f§:t herself gently lifted and clasped in a pair of arms, Then she opened her eyes, and her glance fell on the fair handsome face of Roy Dar roll. *i Yoiu are ill,' he said hastily. ' What is it? . What has happened ?' She drew her hanJ nacm her eyes, then withl a shudder remembered all. 'I am tired,' she murmured ; ' the :ride was long, and the eyening has tried mn. - 'Yes, you are fatigued ; why not retire to your room, my mother will relieve you of the rest of your duties.' Roy was gazing at her unconscious of the glow of tenderness that shone in his' hand. some face. Alice felt it and it thrilled her strangely; she stood upright, and put sway his hands, 'No, no,' she saidl hurriedly; ' I must re main ; it will not last much longer. Thank you for your kindness. Had we not better go to to the salon again 7' 'Yes, if you wish it,' the. earl answered gently. ' But where is the count-he camno out with you.' 'Heo left ine a few minutes ago.' Roy noticed thr sudlden fIlsh on the fair face, and again that pang of jealousy came to him. 'You liko the count 1' he aske4 abruptly, Alice hesitated a moent th"en looked at him full as she riplied : ' No; .T dislike him.' Roy felt his heart rise : '. He will nobt remain much .,longer now. Letb:me lead you back ; 'w'e may be missed.'(, -'Alice pat hor .hand on his arm, and to, gether they moved toWards the doorway .:As they reached it.Rioy stopped.°:b ' Remember you have promised to come .with me to see the flowers,'. he said hur. riedly. 'Yes, I remember,' faltered Alice, her eyes sinking beneath his gaze. They went on to the salon, .both their hearts filled with a strange and beautiful dream, which they knew nobt was love. As they passed out, Valerie Riss stole from behind a statue :hey face was bloodless her lips compressed; she glared after the girlish figure. with a tempost. of rage and hatred in her face, unconscious that she her. self was being watched. '.Valerie hates her,' pondered Count Jura from a dark corner. ' I musb enlist her sympathies ; she will rejoice to be rid of her rival, and I shall get the girl into my hands. .I will speak now; there is no time to be lost.' He approached Valerie, softly whispering her name. She turned after i few words, the expression on her face changed to fear and"surprise, then, as he went on, to hatred, and lastly; as he finished, to a glow of un. restrained joy and triumph. 