Staded Mystery OR, Which Girl Did Ho Marry?. By Skipp Borlase, Author of 'Fob tbub Low's sake* 'Th*bb Lovbly Woitix,' 'DABKBB Than Death,' ' an Ocean Beo&et;,' ' Bboai/Lbdto Lire,' 'Bicmeb to Ruin,' 'Who Killed Jo&h; Cambbon ? ' 41 Tbe Polios Minibtkb,' Etc. CHAPTER LXXXI. T1IB COl'IDITY T1IAT BUCOE1SDUD UESPAIB— I ai&fl; badcli ffjs's nuvKfisa. I It was then that Mr Radcliffc cursed and swore, and wished that he was in tho dead man's place. Picking up Greenwood's dropt pistol he, is the agony of his remorse, attempted to blow out his own brains therewith, and un doubtedly would have done so had the weapon been loaded with anything more penetrating than powder. He next tore open the mattress and tossed the flock, and the glittering coins which he - had only just secreted therein, all about the 1 room, spitting at and cursing the latter I whenever their yellow sheen canght his eye. Thus was he discovered by Mrs Badclific directly sbe could summon sufficient courage to enter the room trom which, for nearly five minutes, Bhe had heard such fearful sounds proceeding ; and no sooner had she opened the door than Dewdrop flew out past her with a lugubrious howl, caused through terror at the conduct of bis master. The poor lady's horror and alarm at the sight of a dead man and, as she conceived, a raving mad one were intense. But a second glance at the prostrate form showed her who he had been, and then the feelings and the anxieties of the mother rose superior to everything else, and sbc gasped out : ' Oh, Ruth, where is she ?' ' Murdered, woman, and by me, her own father,' roared back hir husband. 'And for what ?' he added fiercely. 41 Whv, for this accursed dross that you see me scatter ing about in bate and loathing. 1 tell you that 1 murdered her. Tbat man didn't do it. He'd have given her back to us, but I slew him rather than he should possess this— | thiB which wasn't even my own, and might never have been my own either.' Great beads of perspiration bedewed his brow, his eyes seemed to be Btarting from their sockets, and bis face wbb perfectly cadaverous as he thus raved, but Mrs Rad cliff e seemed to be neither affected by the eight nor by the more ghastly figure that lay atretched along the floor. Her fears for her daughter overcame and I aoBoroea an otner terrors, cansiug her to 1 exclaim, almost impatiently : ' He was an armed burglar, and he has met a bnrglar's doom 1 hot before bd died did he give you no clue whatever to help in the discovery and the recovery of our child ?M ' No, yes, 1 don't know what you arc jabbering about, woman. If it's worth say ing again, say it, and if not hold ycur peace.' 44 Did he give yon no cine to help us to discover Uuth, before — he died ?' 44 Chapel— buried '—that was all he said. Absurd, how could she be buried in a chapel ? The vindiotive scoundrel used his last breath to put as on the wrong scent; and yet I'm the worst of the two— tbe worst of the two —thinking only of the gold— tbe gold— and not my own either, ana Howarth might not have given me half of it— no, not even hall of it,' 41 Do think of Bomethlng else than the gold for awhile. Greenwood's last words uiay not be so absurd as you suppose. Let us go downstairs and weigh them over. It may be ; brutal towards tho dead, but i cannot at present think of anyone or anything except Ruth. Come out of this room and shut tne door behind you, and then let us plot and plan together over the fire downstairs.' 14 Aye, and over tbe brandy — the brandy. Brandy or poison, nothing except those two things will ever ease me again, and, of the two, 1— I — 1 give choice to the brandy,' re plied old John, in tones as though he was settling a most knotty problem. In the midst of it Mrs Radcliffe manac^d to get Mm out of the chamber of death, for his mind was bo unhinged that he didn't rightly know what he was about. Seated once more in hia armchair in the comfortable dining-room, and with one gl&Bs; of stiff brandy and water swallowed and a second got a little more than half-wav through in dead silence, old John brightened np euuugh to be able to exclaim in pecvibh ' Well, what did you say about a chapel ?' As though be could have buried our dear girl in a chapel. Even a church would have sounded more reasonable, for a church i6 a gruesome enough place at off-times ; but a comfortably pewed, pulpited, galleried chapel, with never Buch a thing as a vault, a dead-house, or a graveyard connected with it, why the notion'6 too absurd for even an idiot or a lunatic to entertain. ' Then I must be an idiot or a lunatic, for I entertain it. People don't tell falsehoods with their last breath, and I'm enre tbe old house in Gbost Lane is a likely enoogh place.' ' What has the old house iu Ghost Lune got to do with a chapel,' snapped up old John, in a voice almost like the bark of a dog, ' Well, it was a nunnery once upon a time, wasn't it, and hadn't all Bunneriea chapels?' answered Mrs Radcliffe, '* Ob, ah, yes, chapels of a sort certainly, but what of that ?' 14 What of that ! Why, can you conceive a more likely building for Rutb to be iw pnBonea, mined alive in, than that horrible old mansion f Stop a bit, John, for 1 don't speak without other reasons also, so please to hear them before you interrupt me.' 4' Well, go on, go on.' ' 1 will. Rose told me that when she and her companions entered the old house for concealment themselves she fancied that she heard human footsteps in the rooms above them, but presently set it down to be mere imagination on her part.' ' As of course it was.' ?' I doubt it, because a little while after, in the cupboard of an upstair room, from which the footsteps bad been beard appa renily rcoeding, a mole caudle was Dis covered in a cupboard, and some particles of food on the floor. That waa the candle which she lighted to go downstairs with when she knew that the house was broken into, and believed that one or both of her prouctors had been killed. As there was little, if any, accumulation of dust upon one side of it, it could not have lain in that cup board long, and who would have ventured into tbe haunted house, and wanted candles and food there, unless ibey Were cither re fugees or some such evil doers as Halcamus Greenwood V Old John sat very still for a full minute, | as though to see whether bis wife's convic- 1 tions would strike root in his own brain or not, When they presently did so he sprang to bis feet and began hobbling np and down the ruom, exclaiming excitedly the while : 11 You're not nearly such a tool as you look, Mrs R, Egad, for a second time lu twenty -five years your wits have proved quite as keen, If not keener, than my own. Ycu've hit the right nail on the head, 'Mrs R, Yea, I feel auto that yon have. Aje, and we'll have liuth out of her prison in next to no time, and then who will bave a better claim to the thousand goineas than mvself and I'll— yes, I'll be hanged if I won't go to tne expense oe paying you a new cap ; or at all events a yard or two of new ribbon to trim one with, out of the money. What do yoQ think of that 1' 'Oh, John, how could you accept a re ward for rescuing from death your own child ?' e^claimea Mrs Radcliffe, both look ing and feeling terribly sbockej, 'Couldn't I f Well, on Becond thoughts perhaps 1 couldn't. It would, of course, be indelicate to ask for such a thing. But then, you know, it wouldn't be indelicate lor Sir Harry to offer it— especially after m- — my risking my life in its defence— as I just now did, you know.' 'John, John, for heaven's sake encourage natural affection instead of avarice Our dear child isn't recovered yet, and after all my ponvictiona may be mistaken oneB.' 'There, now you go throwing cold water on the things aocordiug to your usual most aggravating custom,' said old John soap piahiy* I To «« OotfiiKUBP Next Saturday, I 