WE8LEYAN QSVIICH, CLABEMONT. LAYING OF THE FOUNDA TION-STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the new Wesloyau Church at Olaremont took place on Saturday afternoon in the preseuce ot a largo number of the residents of Olaremont, and visitors from Perth, Fremantlo, and Subiaco. The members at tending the synod were ateo present. The Rev. John Thomas, who has the pastoral charge of the Subiaco and Olaremont Churches, opened the proceedings, and conducted the levotional exercises, after which he sailed upon the treasurer of the church (Mr. J. W. Langsford) to present the Rev. G. E. Rowe (the chairman of the district) with a silver trowel with which. to lay the foundation-stone. Mr. Langsford said that he had been deputed by the trustees to make the presentation in apprecia tion of the service which the Rev. G. E. Rowe, as superintendent of the cirouit, had rendered to the church, at Claremont. Iu asking Mr. Rowe to lay the foundation stone, he was sure that the trustees gave pleasure not only to the Claremont Church but also to the whole of the churches in the Perth circuit, and, ho might add, to all the churches in the district, because the request of the trustees was an acknowledgment of the work which Mr. Rowe was doing for the entire colony. After placing underneath the foundation-stone a bottle contain ing official records, Mr, Langsford presented the silver trowel, and requested the Rev. G. E. Rowe to lay the stone. The Rev. G. E. Rowe expressed his thanks to the trustees for the honor they had conferred on him. It was some time before ho had consented to their kind request, as he wished them to invite persons who could do more than he was able for the funds of the church. The compliment paid to him personally was, he considered, a compliment to the ministry of the church, and a graceful acknowledg raeut by tho laymen of the services the ministers were rendoring the church in this land, and on behalf of his brethren he thanked the trustees. The gathering that day marked another advance of the Wesleyan Methodist Church iu tho colony. They had come to Claremont not to displace any section of the Christian Church, but to co-operate in ' the unity of the spirit.' As the friends of all and the enemies of none, they would gladly act in concert with other Christian oreanis ations, There was, however, a call for them to carry out their mission to spread scriptural holi ness throughout the land, and the work that afternoon was in furtherance of that call. The design of the edifice to be erected had been prepared by Mr. J. Hine, and tho contract had been taken by Messrs, Overend and Burchett ; and he trusted that the trustees, the architect, and the contractors would be mutually satisfied with the results of the undertaking. Ho had great pleasure in laying the stone. The foundation ? stone, which was suitably inscribed, was then lowered into position, and the Rev. G. E, Rowe said;— 'In the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, I declare this stone well and truly laid, to the Glory of God.' Subscriptions were placed on the stone, ana the financial result ot the ceremony was about 06IOO. A public tea meeting was held at 6 o'clock in the large marquee, when there was a capital attend ance. The meeting was presided over by Mr, Theo. R, Lowe, and m ? dresses were given by Roys. G. &: Rowe, R. Duustan, H. Wilkinson, and A. C. Plane, and Messrs. J, W. Langsford and J. H. Williams. The Claremout Church choir, under the conductorship of Mr. E. T. Owen, rendered several choice selections, and solos were sung by Mrs. E. T. Owen and Messrs. Todd and Overend. The Revs. T. Tres trail andW. A. Potts also took part in the afternoon's proceedings, 