CHAPTER XII. After Dora's wedding, my life was dull and monotonous in the extreme. I made a pretence of re-settling myself in our old sea- side home, determined to make the best of things. I worked among the poor, I busied myself with household matters, I took up my long-neglected music, and practised regularly. But the isolation of that dreary time proved too much for me. As weeks passed, an in- tense fatigue took possession of me ; depres- sion followed suit. Next came weakness of nerves, want of tone, as the doctor said. Even my mind seemed strange and ailing. I knew not which was worse, day or night short ice-cold days, when the only change from my room was a weary turn in a bath- chair, or long silent evenings, when the cur- tains were drawn and the lamp lit, and the tea table was placed ready for use, and my own thoughts and memories came rushing out of every corner, down the chimney and in at the cracks of the doors, like goblins of legendary lore, to sit upon the empty chairs about me, and climb up, and touch my hands my shoulders, my head, till I could have screamed aloud for help. Then long hours of sleepless darkness, culminating in the terrible early dawn, with its strange power of magnifying every care or anxiety—who knows not the agony of such hours ? Dora was abroad all this time, but, even had she been at home, I would not have gone to her. Newly-married folks are sensitive plants. ' Il ne faut pas mettre le doight entre l'arbre et l'ecorce,' says a French pro- verb. I had tried my hand as family ad- visers sufficiently, me-thought, before Dora's marriage. Meanwhile she wrote to me, and some- times Edward wrote also. His letters brimmed over with delight and happiness, the very paper—a flimsy blue page—rustled out of its envelope in a perfect flutter of content. Egypt was charming ; ancient temples, grandeur, sunsets, bronze-like natives, all charming ; yet what was Egypt compared with Dora ? Thebes was wonderful ; so were other places with outlandish names. But they were rather tame. (I am quoting Edward.) Now, Dora was never two min- utes the same. That perhaps was her greatest charm. Everybody, on land or water, fell in love with her. She herself meditated the writing of a paper concerning antique cats, to be called ' The Tabbies of the Ptolemies.' It was wonderful weather ; he, Edward, often thought how delightful the hunting must be at home, now that the frost had broken up. ' And Dora sends love, and we both hope you are quite well.' No, I was not quite well, but I was not going to tell my travellers so. All the same, I felt that I could not endure my lonely life much longer. Sometimes, when I got up in the morning, and stood out on the veranda for a taste of fresh air, I rubbed my eyes impatiently because I could not see the graceful masts of a yacht in the harbour. There is nothing like feeble health to make the present seem dim and the past clear and sharp. So does the spirit—the mind, the soul, the psyche of the Greeks, the shadowy parts of us—grow in force and intensity as the body weakens and seems of less import- ance, tall perhaps one day we shall find the parting which we all dread more or less may not be so dreadful as we think, for the husk will have grown wan and small, and the soul will stand alone and self-reliant, even before actual death. Who can say ? I began to get frightened for myself, how- ever, as things of the earth occupied me less and less. I lay back in my chair for hours, watching the sea- line, and the growth of a few pale hyacinths in the veranda, and al- most like the saints in legends, seeing visions. Nothing mattered ; nothing could rouse me. Even Mrs. Claxton's visits—she had come down from London for a fortnight —even Mrs. Claxton's conscientious little visits ceased to ignite my wrath. ' Good news from your young people ?' This was her usual first remark. ' Very good news,' I answered, with languid content. It was Dr. Brooke who stirred me up one day. ' My dear Miss Carpenter,' he began, ' I have attended you for years—you will par- don my impertinence, won't you ? Suicide was highly thought of among the ancients, but it is out of date now. We don't plunge daggers into our breasts, nor open our veins in warm baths, nor——' ' What do you mean, doctor ?' I asked, a little crossly. I am afraid he quite rejoiced over this feeble outbreak of temper of mine. He rubbed his hands gleefully, took out his watch, opened it, looked at it, snapped it again, put back in his waistcoat-pocket, rubbed his hands again, and said'— ' Nor do we sit down peacefully to be ill just for nothing at all except to fill the shame- less doctors' pockets, and arrange everything comfortably for giving up the ghost when nobody is going to admire us for it or be the better for it—not even, the very doctor.' ' My dear Dr. Brooke !' ' My dear Miss Carpenter ! What relations have you in the world, barring, of course, Mrs. Wilmington ?' ' Nobody to speak of. One old aunt who lives in Sussex.' ' Admirable ! She could do better.' ' You don't suppose I would trouble her ?' ' No, I will take the trouble.' ' She wrote to me only last week,' said I, laughing in spite of myself. ' She wants me to go and stay with her.' ' And you shall not disappoint her !' ex- claimed the doctor,' rising to his feet, and violently shaking my poor weak hand in his huge grip. ' Didn't I tell you she was an excellent woman ? Give me her ad- dress.' ' Not now.' ' Just you give me her address. Here's my prescription : An ounce of aunt, a quart of the good air and water of Sussex—not but what our climate here's first-rate, and the water above reproach ; only one may have too much of any good thing. What did you say was the address ?' ' Dr. Brooke, I cannot.' ' No, but I can.' I was too feeble to resist. After all, it was very pleasant to be arranged for, packed up, and sent off, like the bundle of clothes, with a poor little tired woman inside, which I had become. The kind doctor registered me, labelled me, saw me into the train, and gave directions to the maid who was my attend- ant. Tears came into my eyes from very weakness, and coursed down my cheeks, as I shook hands with him at parting and tried to thank him. ' You know I didn't really care,' I mur- mured. ' I should have passed away very quietly if you had let me alone.' ' That's just it,' he answered. ' We men of medicine like a little more fuss made over these matters. When next you want to die, give me due warning, and we'll do the thing in grand style. Now she's off ; good-by, and God bless you ! Write to me in a month's time.' I did write. Ah, how my life had changed ! My hobgoblins had shrunk away by then. I spent long dreamy hours among the hills, gaining new health and strength each day, watching the blackthorn burst into flower among the hedges, and listening to the young lambs bleating after their mothers. It was a new dawn of life, a resurrection. My kind aunt fed me up and cared for me. The delight of being loved and cared for by some one much older than myself, some one who had known me as a child and still looked upon me as young, brought back much of the youth which I had thought fled forever. I was quite ashamed to write to Dr. Brooke. I felt as though I had fallen from a high mental estate. (To be Continued.) The proportion of under-age marriages in England is steadily on the decline. In the year 1874 they stood at 84 in 1,000 for men, and 226 in 1,000 for women. Last year the figures stood at 59 for the males and 190 for the females. There are no less than twenty-eight bones in one hand and wrist, and about as many in a foot and an ankle. The bones of the hand and feet are equal in number to one half of all the bones in the human body. The latest atrocity in the interest of ' beauty ' is a corset for the foot, and the idea comes from America. The new instrument of torture is made so as to enable a size smaller shoe to be worn than would be other- wise possible. I have read in Plato and Cicero sayings that are very wise and beautiful ; but I never read in either of them : ' Come unto mo, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.'—Augustine. English as She Is Spoke—Gus De Smith— I hear that your wife's mother is very sick. Is she dangerous ? Pete Amsterdam—She is a very sick woman, but she is not as danger- ous as when she is well.— Texas Siftings. 