BENFREY MYSTERY; OR r A BROTHER'S VENGEANCE. A Detective Story. Br HenY HEnushe, Pablished by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward. Lock it Bowden, Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVcED]. CHAPTER IV. " IUNGE AND LOOP." Before I left Eaton Square I took Morton into my c3nfidenca. "I suppose you were very fond of your master, Morton F'" I asked. " I shall never get another like him, sir," replied the man. "I would have gone through fire and water for him. I tried all I knew to s.ve him; but I assure you, sir, it was Impos sible." "'And I suppose," I went on, "you would ba very glad if the man, or the woman, for all I know, who murdered him were brought to Justice t" "I would that, sir," Morton replied. "rId give all I have-and I've saved up a pund or two-if it could be done." "I think it will ba done, Morton. Don't doubt that, though you will not be called upon to help towards it, except by your good.will. I'm a private detective." " I know that, sir," said the man with a smile. "I've heard all about you, sir." "Well, siarce you know it," I retorted, "it' all the better. I'm going to try and discover who is guilty of this awful busi ness, and you'll help me, if you can, won't you, Mcrton F' " You may rely upon that," said Morton, determinedly and bitterly. " You can call on me early and late, winter and summer. i'd walk from here to Sootland barefooted if I could do anything to further it." "That being the case," I said, " you can tell me thetrath about one thing, beams, it will be of the utmost importance. Had Lori Senfrey anything to do with that Italian girl P' "Nothing whatever," was the prompt re ply, "I assure you, except introducing her to a theatrical manager, and lending her money." "Of that you're sore?" I asked. "Quite sure." he replied. "I knew all about his little affairs. He'd no secrets from me you see, sir, and he'd no more to do with that girl Orano than I had." "You're telling me the enct unvar nished truth ?" I asked ; " hiding nothing ? You're not thinking of shielding your dead master's character t" "I'm telling the absolute truth, sir. If I were put upon my oath I couldn't say a different word." "I believe you," I remarked. "Have you any idea how that girl came to poison herself, then P" "' None," was the man's quick reply. " Do you know whether or not she had a lover P" "That I don't know. I never saw a man talk to her except once, and that was one day when I took a letter to Miss Anderson at the Sheridan. You see, my lord got Maria Orano taken on at the Sheridan, and while I was waiting for the ball-keeper to bring an answer from Mies Anderson, I saw thelittle Italian girl come out, and a mcmeat afterwards Count Brodie come out, too, and they walked down the street together, talking to one another as if they knew each other ;uite well." Count Brodie again. He evidently had the entree of the Sheridan stage-a not very diffiult matter, and not an occurrence upon which to found a suspiaion of the crime. "That was the only occasion." I asked, "on which you saw Maria Orano and Count Brodie together F" "The only one," was the man's reply. "Did you ever see Count Brodie speak to Mi?e Anderson F' "He might have done so for all I re member," Morton replied. "He used to be regularly at the Sheridan at nights during the short time my lord went there." "Thank you," I rejoined. "Lit me give you one bit of advice, however. Don't say a word about what you have said to me to anybody. It might get to the C,-uut's ears, and it might prevent me from fol lowing out a clue I have in my m:id." " You can rely upon me," said the man. "I'll be as silent as a mouse." "It's a case of d)crche la femme," I said to myself, as I was walking along from Eaton Square to the Sloane Sq are Rail way Staion. "A woman is at the bottom of it, that's certain." Who was the woman P That was the question. I ran over in my mind the names of the ladies who were in any way connected with Lord Senfrey. There was Lady Georgina Roowdon to start with, but naturally she was out of the question, one of the most lovable and loving girls on earth, pure-minded and simple, and always moving with a languor which by itself made crime and its attendant violence im possible. Then there was Mrs Alfred Neymer, now Lady Senfrey. She had been as poor as a church mouse two or three days ago. Now a fortune had dropped upon her as from the clouds. She was heartless among the heartless. Money washer god-not money for the love cf itself, but for what it brought. She loved to fling the gold into the streets," Could she have been the instigator of the crime or even the actual criminal? Her husband, weak, boneless, purposeless, was like an india- rubber ball in her hands. Dacc a woman, if driven into a corner, might play a deperate card, and risk a crime, Then there came three names, with all of whom, as I now fonnd, Count Brodie \---was in some way connected. There was Maria Orano, whom Morton had seen in converse with the Count. There was Dorothy Anderson, engaged at the theatre which he regularly frequented; and there was, last of all, Lady Bent, whose particular favorite he seemed to be, and over whom I had little doubt, he had some kind of ' hold. I was turning these things over in my mind while I was seated in the railway carriage going towards Casring Cross. I was alone in my first-class compartment. It was one of those in which the partition rnns nearly to the top and barely leaves an aperture curved above, and straight below, and barely a foot at its highest. A sudden jar cf the carrisage, as the brakes were being applied when we reached Victoria, startled me from my thoughts, and I heard two gentlemen enter the next compartment. The train steamed away towards Bt. James' Park, and before I could fall into self-communion again my atten tion was attracted toward the men in the next division. One of them was a cotchman by his dialet. "Ah tell ye," he was csying, "et was just a piece o' luck sent to earrtbh from the sky for him. Ah'd a bill of his for twa thousand poon and" --here the voice dropped a trije, but as I listened at tentively I could still follow it-" et was supposed to be endorsed by Lrrd Senfrey, sad Lorrd SEnfrey's segnatuare was a forrgery." " You don't mean to say so P" said the other man "E'sas true as the GospeL Ah'd gi'en him tell the next day at noon to pay et, and the next day at noon he brought me the money and got the bill." "You surprisea me," said tshe other man. "I always thought Alfred N'eymer to be one of the most honourable of men." l"So hse 'ea, ah've nse dobt," the Sotch man wast on. "El's that wife o' his. Ah tell ye, et just wm a bet of luck for him, for ah'd told him that ah would prosecute him. Of course, ah would une ha done so on the end, but he didna know that." Here was a discovery. Alfred Neymer had not only been over his shoulders in debt, as I knew, but he was actually threatened with a proseeutlon for forgery on the very day when Lord Senfrey was murdered. In sanch an emergenoy that wife of his might not have hesitated, and, plassed between Soylla and Charybdis, might have fought for her husband's liberty by mur dering his brother. I sat still until we reached Charing Cross. There, as I got out. I looked into the osm partment where the two gentlemen were altting, and I recognisod the Soot as Mr Muir Mlaoroe, the well-known money-lendor of Dake-street. The mystery was darkening. It would require a great deal of skilful ferreting out When I got home, I took the little scrap of paper which I had found at Eaton Square from my pocket and examined it carefully by the aid of a magnifying glass. Toe letters had been formed by some one who used a " J " pen, for most of the side strokes were thicker than the up and down strokes. The paper was smooth, stout, white writing-paper, probably torn from a sheet of letter or note paper. The quality was good. It was ribbed crossways, and water lined straight up and down. One water line was visible on my piece. I could find no other water-mark, except in one corner, where a little, nearly triangular mark was 4 barely visible. I looked carefully at the letters. They 1 were formed by an expert writer endeavonx Ing to disguise his or her identity. Some of the letters were exceedingly well- shaped, others were straggling. and certainly in. I tentionally distorted. The first letter on my scrap-the letter " S "'-was such a one. 1 It was a letter which a child in its first attempt to write might have formed. But I the criminal had apparently lost sight of his or her purpose when making the last letter on my scrap-the letter " R." There the first up and down stroke was very thin, and the rounded portion at the top and the portion at the end were both made with vigour and self-assurance, far the loop was beautifully rounded, and the bottom of the " B" out off sharp, showing that the letter had been made with swift. ness and decision. The writing seemed to give no indication either of a female or a male hand. I in. olined towards considering it the writing of a man. But, then, I argued that very few men use a "J " pen in the manner that this person had used it, by holding it with the broad part of the point sideways. "It is mostly women," I said to myself, " who use a ' J' pen in this fashion." Bat, of course, a woman might have written the words, and a man might have schemed out the I horrible business with her. I was thinking over the affair when my glance fell upon Lady Brat's letter, which I had received that morning, and which was lying on my table, and my gaze fas toned itself upon it as upon a snake; for that letter, to be sure, had been written with a "J" pen held sideways. I compared the paper of toe latter with my scrap. There was no similarity. I tried letter after letter on my scrap with letters in her note. There was no resem blance, and of ca'orse there could be none except the similarity resulting from the writers of the two holding their pens in the same manner. Bat the fact remained -that diabolic scrap had been written with a "J " pn held sideways; of that I had no doubt, and Lady Bent wrote with a "J " pen which sue held sideways. That was also patent to anybody who saw the letter. My first business would be to obtain a specimens of the handwritings of all the t people whom I suspected. For that pur pose I wrote a short note to Lady Senfrey, asking if it would be convenient for her to a see me on the following morning. I de- a spatched this by express messenger. Teen g I sent, by my clerk Weatherby, a short p missive to Miss Dorothy Anderson, simply ti asking a question relating to a friend, then IE in Africa, whom she knew. a In the first instanc3 I was quite blfit ,d; a for the time, at any rate. Lady Senfrey p sent her reply by telegram. a My note to Miss Anderson came back, c simply with the words scribbled in the a corner: " Busy rehearsing. Lon't know. e Excuse scrawl.-D. A." That, of coaree, could give me no indication of what Ia wanted, as it was written with pencil, and r most likely while the writer was standing I up. I should have to try there again as well. B That same afternoon Morton brought I Sprat to my chambers. He had combed the little doggie's long hair and had tidied him; and, in addition to his little silver c collar, had tied a blue silk ribbon round I his neck. He had tears in his eyes and could barely speak when he put Sprat down on my sofa. "My lady has been at me again," he c said, " about poor Sprat, and I thought I'd I better bring him to you at once." There was a gasp and a break In his voice. "If 1 my lord knew it," he said, " he'd turn in t his "- He was evidently about to say c "in his grave," but he arrested himself. I I went up to Sprat and sat myself down by his side and stroked him. Toe little r doggie looked into my eyes coldly, bt allowed me to go on without remonstrance. 1 I took him up and put him a little closer to me, and he heaved a big sigh, such as a little dog is sometimes known to utter, 1 and curled himself down by my side, look- e ing up at me all the while; and after a I little space of time he put his cold muzzle to my hand and gave one gentle lick. I This was, I suppose, as a token that he recognised me as a friend. To me it seemed that, if a dog could speak, poor I Sprat said, "It doesn't matter what be. comes of me now. My poor master is dead, and you can do with me what you like," Morton hal brought a little basket with biscuits and some chicken bones, and he spread them all out in a corner for Sprat to see. But the dog was not to be temp:ed, and remained on the sofa where he lay. " You'll take care of him, Mr Grey ?" he said, half tearfully. ' You will, for my poor lord's sake, won't you ' " I will take care of the dogas if he ' belonged to me all my life. You can rely upon me for that," I replied. "Thank you, sir, kindly," the man said, and without a further word went out. "There's a true servant for you," I said to myself. "If that man can assist me in my task he will-that I know." Sprat and myself came to be great friends before the afternoon had far ad vanced, but, try what I might, I could not get him to eat anything. I had made up my mind to start my research that very day. Therefore I gave to my clerk, valet, secretary, messenger,and general factotum, Weatherby, all necessary instroctions about the dog's keep and treatment while I might be away. "I shall have to begin at the beginning." I said to myself; " and the beginning of all this trouble lay with that girl, Maria Orano." I set out, therefore, towards James-street, Bedford Row. I was not long in finding the house in which the girl had poisoned herself. The number was 132, and it had the dark, dingy, half-squalid appearance of the regular Holborn lodging- house. It was an ugly, four-storey, brown brick building. totally guileleass of ornamentation, the kind of house that abounds in the districts about Gray's Inn R?oad. The windows shone like the surface of a stagnant pool with the dust and grime of months. The knocker on the door was rusty, the iron railings of the area suffered from a similar decay, and up in the regions near the sky at least two windows were mended with paper. In the sheet of glass over the doorway a time-saoiled card announced to all and every of Her Majesty's lieges, and aliens to boot, that furnished apartments and bedrooms were to be let. I looked round the street. It was of that semi-genteel respectability which covers a multitude of sins. In such a neighbourhood people of all kinds, olasses, and nationalities would congregate. No lue whatever could be afforded from the exteriors of the oharaoterm of the Inhabitants withbln. Nobody, it was true, might suspect that a nobleman or a millionaire lived there; but, at the same time, the occupations of the residents could be surmised only here and there from little brass plates underneath the bells. No 13? was neither much better nor much worse than its neighbours, and might have harboured a fledgeling Milton or a dying Chatterton, or, taking a more pessimistio view, might have concealed a murderer, or given shelter to a profoeaional housebreaker. I knew that the police would by this time have therougly examined the room in which Marla Orano had ended her young life ; but I knew equally well that the late gleaner in the field of enquiry often gathers a rich straw. I knocked, and the door was answered withouti much delay by a eallow.faced, elderly woman, dressed in the slovenly remnants of what had once been a decent cashmere gown, with a small blaok worsted shawl tied crossways over her chest and shoulders, and with her hands cased in ragged black mittens. A black cap, adorned with dingy blue ribbons, eat upon her head; and she kept one band upon the latch of her door, as if ready to slam it in my face at the slightest provocation. "And what may't be you want, sir!" she asked gruoy. "I see you've apartments and rooms to let," I answered very quietly and the lady. thus peacefully addressed, relented, and opened the door a little wider. "Come in, sir," she said, "and I'll talk to you." I entered, and for a moment or two the passage, lit only by the glass aperture over the door, looked to me like a dark cell. The lady threw open a door at the side, and ushered me into a sitting-room furnished in the regulation lodging-hoase fashion: green and yellow striped rep curtains, chair and sola covers of the same kind, long faded out of recognition of the original colours, half. broken, cheap china ornaments, and mahogany furniture that had lost its lustrd and, here and there, its regularity of con struotion. " You must excuse me, sir." she said ; "but I've been so bothered lately that I don't know whether I m a standing on my head or my 'eels. Is it a bed and sitting-room yoa want, or a bedroom alone; and is it for yourself, sir, or for anybody else P-not a lady, I 'ope, sir, because I won't !take another lady in again, not if I know it; not if she was to pay me three pound a week. No, never no more-not while I'm keeping lodgings." I admitted that I wanted rooms for my self, but I expressed myself to be content with a bedroom only. I knew very well that Maria Orano had lived on the third floor, aid to get into that room, or near that room, was of course my object. "I'va got a bedroom to let, sir," the woman went on; "in faot I've got two. One is nine shillings a week, and one is seven shillings and if you don't mind coming upstairs, I 1 show 'em to you." I followed her, and was shown to a back room on the third floor, the one for which the lady demanded a weekly rental of nine shillings. From the description which 1 had read in the papers, I knew that Maria Orano had killed herself in the chamber opposite. "Is this the only bedroom to let P" I asked. The woman hesitated for a moment and then rap!ied " You so e, sir, it's a hard living one has to get by letting lodgings, and you look a respectable young man, and If you was to come and lodge here, I'd like to keep you. I don't like to 'ave lodgers coming here, staying for a week or two, and then go away, so I'd better tell you the truth, and the whole truth." "I've got another room, the one in front 'ere, and I've been offerlng to let it for all sorts of prices, but I'm afraid I shan't be able to let it, because there's been a wretched girl living In there and killed herself-took poison; and the policeo have been 'ere, and I the Coroner's officer has been 'ere, and Heaven knows only who's coming here next ; and they've been worrying my life out, and asking questions, and put it all 'down on paper, so as I don't know what to say next and what I shall be asked next ; and if you're not afraid of living in a room where a girl and a3 nice a girl as ever you might have seen for the look of her-'as been and killed herself, you can 'ave the room for seven shillings a week, and it's a cheap room, I can tell you. It's a frontroom, and nicely furnished." " Very well," I said; "I'm not afraid of ghosts, and I'm not afraid of people who kill themselves. Dead people son do no harm. I think I'll have a leok at the room." It proved to be as pleatant a chamber as one might have expected to see in that house. Two fliwer-pots, which the dead girl had evidently bought, still stood on the window shelf, and the furniture- covers and hangings being of bright, if half washed out chintz, made the room look a little lighter and more cheerful. "I think this will do,' I said. "I'll take your room ; and to make sure that you shall be all right and come to no grief," I added, opening my purse, here's a fortnight's rent in advance." The promptly proffered coin was probably sufficient evidence of my character as a desirable lodger, for the sallow - facod lady immediately volunteered the state ment that her name was Matilda Roonoy, and that her husband, dead and gone these ten years, had left her with seven children to support, and one of them a cripple. that never could walk from its birth, and that she'd a hard struggle in the world to make both ends meet and get a hot joint on a Sunday ; and that she'd be glad to know when I d bring my luggage, for she'd have the room tidied up a bit. How long the peroration might have lasted nobody might have told ; but I stopped Mrs Rooney's filw of speech by telling her that I had walked a good deal that day, and that if she did not mind, I would lie down and have a short rest, and later in the afternoon I would sally forth and return in the evening with my belongings. "Qaite as you wish, air," Mrs rooney replied with an old.fashioned curtsey. SYoun've paid your rent for a fortnight, and for a fortnight the room's yours, though I do 'ope, sir, as you'll stay much longer,for all my lodgers, when they once come here, don't seem to be in no hurry to go away, though some of them do owe me a mint of money, sir, more than you'd ever beheve any man with a 'eart in his ~ody would owe t' a poor widow with seven children to eupport, and one of 'em a cripple from his birth." I took off my coat and hung it upon the peg behind the door, and this movement seemed sufficient indication to the lady to take her dcp srtnre. "All right, sir," she said; "a wink with a coal hammer'll do for me. I'm off. Tou go and have your nap, and then go out and fetch your trunk in the evening. Good day, sir, and pleasant dreams to youn. I weas installed in the very room where Mara Orano had killed herself. I looked about the place, but of course it bore no signs of the tragedy that had taken place within it. I was about to go to the chest of drawers to open that, when the tramp of a man was heard on the steaircase, and I stepped to the door and gently and noise lessly lcoked it. The steps approached, and for a second stopped on the landing outside my room. Then they passed on, seemingly, to the door next to mine. I could hear the man try the handle. ",,eel eon," he said, in a quiet voice, the sound of which I seemed to know, and somebody within the next room rose, went to the door, unlocked it, and the man out side entered. I could not hear the conversation, but the ring of that voice remained mn my ear like the echo of one I had heard before. .I crept to the wall and listened, but could hear nothing. After a while a slight noise reached me as of a man in the next room dressing. Then footsteps, this time of two men, could be heard on the landing out side. The men, whoever they were, went downstairs. I could hear the hall door slam, and then I stole back to the window and raised it, keeping my hand before my faoe. Alter a few seooeed I looked out guardedly. The two men were strolling leisurely almg the pavement away from the house. The figure of one of them was quite familiar to me h but it was only at the next crossing, where they turnoe at right anglos, that I recognised him, He was Count Gyffa Brooie. (To be Continued). 