*THE PRICE OF A SLAVE. Bud and I sat on the hi(b banks of the ravint Watching the gophara on the otlii r aide. W« was mad tbat morning, for Alvira had told on us again—she was alwrya doing it! We lived on a farm. Alvira's our aister, and at that time sbe went to tbe (own tchool; I s'posethat'i why she put on so many airs, i After we'd scared the gophers into their bolef we sat still and thought awhile At last J aaid— "Bud, wbat'll you do pay hrr up ?" Now Bud's kind of cbii.-ben- bearted; he nevei nan think of anything very bad, much less do it; so, to give bim time, I made a cheese of ay skirt, and kept whirling all t^e way along the tank to the cellar, where pa Meacbps tbe celery, and back again without ever falling down once. When I «ot back BadJasVcd— I " Whatll you do, Juatina, to pay her np ?'* I like to scare Bod, and make bim look up to tae; so I rroased my eyes and showed my tetth, like we do when we Ml the Indian story to the aew scholars that eome to onr school, and says, way down in my throat— . " Ill sell her for a slave ! n " Oh, .Tusty," cried Bud, " how awful! Wonld yo«i ?' • " I would," I answered ; and to show bim how unconcerned I was I took a turn down the bank of tbe ravine on our toboggonslide. '. We don't have a chance to^slide mueh 'causc pa makes a terrible fuss about tbat cellar door, and we have-to get Hans Franeis to pull it op ovary time before he gets home from town. We keep on tbe good side of Hans Francis by telling bim dinner's ready before we call th« other men, so's he can go in first He likes Christie, oar hired girl, and I s'pose they'll get married some day, and then we won't bave any moreaKding, and 111 have to wash the diahas, too. It does seem as if everything goes wroag in this world ! After I'd . slid down the ravine and walked np again. Bad said, kind of reproachfully— " .Tasty, there ain't no such thing as a slavs. They're all free." Of course I knew there wasn't any more black slaves, but I dida't think Bud did, so I was kind of at a low what' to answer, when all at once I thought of what ma said one time aboat Brown's, oversonth of us: " Mrs. Brown is a perfect slave to tbat man !" So I says to Bud— " Tbrre'g slave's BOW, just the same's ever. Mr. Brown's wife .is one." Bad thought awhile, and then asked if I supposed Mr. Brown wonld take Alvira. I have to langh at. Bad .sometimes, he's so. innocent. " Of course he wouldn't," I answered. "But we coald sell her to a man who hadn't a.slave already—aa awfal mow-looking man." . JNfflKgan to weaken at this,~so.I-went on— "Of course we eonlda't get anything for ber; We'd probably have to give tbe man something to boot, to get him to marry ber; but I guess if you'd bad to wear her old clothes, as.I have, yau'd be willing to do most anything to get rid of ber. Look here," I went on, standing up and holding oat my apron; " its made oat of her old skirt. How'd you like to wear her old skirt, Mr. Bud •"Well, I'd want it made into pants first," answered Bud, kind of hesitating. " Yes," I said, *' and every boy that saw you would say, ' There goes Bad Sybester with bis sister's skirt on!'" " They wouldn't!"' cried Bud, gettirg red in the face. " It'd be sewed into breeches!" "They'd know it just the same, and they'd ask you if you bad a hairloom on." \- .Tbis.brought Bud over .'.to my way of thinkinp. IJmow WAiilJ. if thrfi-'g in this 'world tbat- makes him mad, it's to be made fan of. ' We couldn't think who. we. could get to marry Alvira, and we went over and sat on the cutside greenhouse door, that slants, and talked it over. . There was no one mean enough to suit us but Ed Rickets, (he man tbat tends to pa's celery, Tbey plant it out in. the field all summer, over , rows of tiling; and wo don't like Ed, 'cause one time when he put the hose m one end of A row torun the water across the field we changed tbe nozz]e, when be wasn't ooking. into tbe moat around the castle we'd built; then we forgot about it,'and the moat overflowed and'flooded tbe field. ,Now if it had been Hans Francis he never would have told; but Ed did It was nice and sanny on the greenhouse door, and we'd taken our time to it, and said all the mean things about Ed Rickets we could think of, when all at onct the door began to raise np. After we'd rolled off El Rickets stack bis head out and said— ••Aw, now, you're just joking, ain't you ?' Just wait till we pay him up! Then we went along the creek to hunt for niggi i beads, and while we was there we come across a man walking along with his bands behind him. I thought as soon as I saw him tbat he would make :a good slave owner, and 1 just asked him if be was married. He laughed, and wanted to know where we sprang from. Bud told him we didn't spring at all; we was just hunting around; and he asked him what be was doing. He sobered up then and walked along with tis, and said he was a professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Indian relics. I asked him what Indian relics wss, and he aaid they was beads and batchets and things tbat live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a long time ago; and did we know of any mounds around here P Tbat set me thinking: I did know of one, and I winked to Bud to keep still; then .1 said to the professor— " Wbat'll you give for an Indian mound ?" He laogbed, kind of surprised, and said if it was genuine he'd give a good deal. Bud seen then what I was after, and ha asked— " Mr. Proft ssor, are you married ?" "Why do you want to know tbat?" he replied, lsughing. Then I whiapered to Bud, and he whispered to me; and we decided we'd better tell the professor iho whole thing, and make him an offer. So we told him if he wasn't married, and would marry onr sister Alvira and make ber a slave, we'd give him the Indian mound and call it square. He laughed the most I ever seen anybody laugh, and asked us if we meant it. Then he inquired all about our family, and Alvira, and if 6he was pretty and everything. I told bim yes, she was ; and the Indian mound.was a good one, 'cause I'd got some beads out of it 1 could show him. He then asked us right out where it was—as if we were such fools as to tell! Bud says, "Oh, no, you don't!" and winked. This made the professor kiud of mad, and he walked arouqd a bit with his hands in bis pockets , then he asked— " Where can I see your sister V" Bud told him we'd fix that, and he must swear he'd never tell a word of wbat we said to bim, for we wouldn't show him the Indian mound. After be'd done it we asked him to go to the big greenhouse while we was eating supper that night, and we'd come down and bido him where he could see Alvira when we brought her there. I forgot that that was the night when Hana Francis smokes the greenhouses, and we did hare an awful time of it. We put the professor in a kind of crib in tho forcing-house. After anyone got in it was pretty bard to get out again ; then, too, it was very dusty. The smoke of burning tobacco stems is all *ery well when you're used to it, but when yon ain't—well, you just cen't stand it, that's all. And, besides, tbe professor didn't know what was burning ; be thought the whole house was on fire. However he> got out of that crib I can't imigiae, battiJjt as we'd all got arranged' around the outer edge of one o! tho furnace pits, and Alvira was going to tell tbe first ghost story, like we always do nights when they smoke the greenhouse, and the smoke was so thick you could scarcely see the crib, all to onct some one dropped oat of it, hollered " Fire!" and ran. If there was an inch in all them 10 greenhouses that the professor didn't ran or fall over I'd like to know it. I think he npset every single tiling that wasn't nailed down before he got out Hans Francis was carrying the little sheet inn stove they barn tbe stems in from one house to another, and tbe professor bad to knock it endways, of coarse, just as pa fell into tbe furnace pit. Well, the " burglar" got away, so I heard 'em telling the neighbours. I'm sure I couldn't say, 'cause Bad and I aaeaked off to bed about tbat time. We didn't see the professor again for some days, and then we found him one, morning walking along the creek looking for that mound. He didn't act at first as if he was glad to see ns, and even when Bud told him we hadn't a tbing against bim be just looked at as in surprise and said— "Well, if you are not the mast impudent children!" . I don't think tbat was very polite! After a while be came around, and asked aa how oar lovely sister was, and then we fixed it up to •have him call upon pa some evening to consult him about books.. He coald come home on Friday evening, so's Alvira would be at heme; and I'd fix it so that she'd come into' the' room. I heard ma calling me then, and I had te go into the house. After I'd gone Bud got things mixed, and told the prefeasor to come Saturday evening instead. When Friday night came I got Alvira to fix tip by telling ber I was most snre I heard pa invite one of the Briston boys over. I knew she conldn't prove anything by pa, 'cause be forgets awful bad. The professor didn't come that night, and I couldn't imagine why, 'canse Bud had gone home with Coacin Willie, and never told me. . Saturday night we was all exeept pa tired oat, and went to bed early. I nerer seen such a person as pa is—bell sit np till two in the morning and read Byron's poems. Our house is pretty big, but what with having so many hired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvira stayed all the week in town, and when she came home Friday night she had to sleep on a sofa in a little recess in onr parlour. Now onr house ain't built like the hoases in town ; it don't have a front hall, so when you open the front door yon step right into the parlour. After everybody, was asleep in the house but pa, there was a knock at the front door. Pa's a dear,'good man, and we just wouldn't take anything in the jirorld for him, but he's the awfalest prison to forget! On this occasion he forgot all about Alvira. He brought a lamp apd set it on the parlour table, and then opened the door. ' Of course it was the professor—what other luck eodd you expect ? Pa iusisted «B bis coming right is, and when he fouud out who he was they began to talk about books. Alvira soon #oke up, and just had to lay 'there with the bright light shining in her face, and those two men sitting quite near her. They couldn't see anything except her face and head, as the recess was partly curtained off, and tbe sofa almost entirely bidden. But her head was enough; it looked.awful. It's tbe style now to wear your hair crimped; Alvira curls her short hair with a furling iron, but the crimping sbe does on big hairpins, which' stick out every way and made hrr head look real funny. By this time ma and I was up and trying to save ber; we could see ber through the crack of the rinnr. her cheeks like fire. Sho. was so angry with pa tbat I just expected to see aer .fly at him; and there pa s&t;, gently stroking bis whihkers and smiling, the very personification of goodwill to man. Us stood back in the Bitting-room, where the professor couldn't see her, and made frantic motions to catch his eye; and when at last she succeeded what did the dear old pa do? In' stead of taking the hint and excusing himself he just stopped abruptly wbat he was saying, and turning upon ma a beaming smile asKed her what she wanted. Of course ma had to go into tbe parlour then and tell pa to bring bis company out into the sitting-room. There was a .smile around the professor's moustache all the rest of the evening, and he looked at me once and winked. Pa liked him very much, and he sat and talked till 11 o'clock. He told pa he ought to send me to the town school, 'cause i was a bright one. He came to our house lots of times after tbat, and as soon as Alvira was through school he married ber; - but my ! you never could make Alvira believe Bud and I mode tbat match; sbe thinks the professor fell in love with her. Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot of crimping pins on her bead ! Alvira is the most deluded creature! We showed the professor where the Indian mound was; he never could have guessed. They dug through one side of it when they made the celery cellar, so all be had to do was to go inside of the cellar and dig straight out in a certain place, and there was the heart of the mound. We found our beads right on the cellar wall, and we didn't know it was a mound till £ thought of it. The professor dug right in with a shovel and his bands. The idea of pitting your bands in such a mess ! You'd nerer catch me doing it! 