llteriiisfeifu j w r, «? u » DUTCH W DIVBH [By G. Manville Fenn.]. CHAPTER XV. the 'SILENT PEA: ' ' I TJut all of tho birds wore more or loss tamo, being ready to peck at ? tire -yonng man's fingers ; , and a robin;- setting up his featbors and making a playful attack as it flattered its wings, and pecked and fought, ended by hopping on its perch, .and bursting into a tiiamphant song, as ? if it had tonquered some fierce rival. : , ? : 'J. wonder how many of them 'II .live in a foreign country, sir, when you gets 'em there,' said Oakum. Well, not all,' said Mr. Wilson, 'Mind the paiut on _ that cage, Mr. Oakum.' ?'I'm so much obliged. Er — you won't take any notico about the cage and the ' '.'.-.birds Y JNottnatit matters, only ivir. Meldon or Mr. Parkloy might laugh, ? perhaps.' «- jf 8{r- You may trust tnc,' ^/ growled Sam. ' Some people have a habit of laugh :? ing at natural history, you know, er — or ; —because they don't understand.?' 'You may trust me, sir,' exclaimed : , the old fellow, as he went up the steps ; and then to hcmself, ' Yes, some folks .. has a kind o' nat'ral history when they see it. For only to think of a thin, wobbling ohap fancying as our: Miss Bessy would take, up with the likes o' he. Hah! its a curus thing this love; and ' them as has got spliced don't alius seem to fit.'.' . . He went on deck to find Bessy Stud ? wick stiir reading to her brother ; and . her voice sounded so hoarse that the old . fellow trotted to the steward's pantry for . a glass of water and a couple of lumps of sugar, squeezing in afterwards the two halves ' of a lemon, bearing the drink . ' himself to where John Studwick lay . . back gazing: at the setting sun, his face lit gup with a calm, placid smile ; and, though his sister read on, he evidently hardly heard a word that was read. He started slightly as Oakum came up with the tumbler. , . , , What is it ?' he said, . harshly. ' Has that Mr. Meldon sent me mora ? medicine? I will not take it.' - Bessy Studwick must have turned her face more to the setting . sun, for her checks grew crimson at her brother's words; and, seeing this, he looked at her angrily. 'Lor' bless your heart, no, sir,' said ? Oakum. 'I thought you and our ' young lady here might be n bit thirsty after so: much book. so I brought you some lemonade.' They gave him a grateful look, each ^ thanking him for the attention to the other, and as he walked back with the empty glass Mr. Meldon, who was standing talking to Hester Pngh and Mr. Parkley, turned, sighed to himself, . and looked after the old man with a feel ing of envy. ?'If I had paid that little attention,' ho thought,' ''it would have been rev fused with some harsh remark. Poor fellow ! even though he's hor brother, I do not wonder at his feeling jealous of every look.' ' Days of sailing over bright, sun flecked seas, evenings of gorgeous sun sets, and nights of black violet skies, with the great stars sparkling overhead, and refleotel: in myriads on the smooth surface of the wondrous phosphorescent water, all aglow with pale fire wherever fish darted, while the schooner's bows ' seemed , plunging ; through.; foaming, liquid moonbeams. Mornings with such wondrous! tints of orange and scarlet, crimson and gold, that those who gazed upon them did so in aw of the mighty works of the grand world. Then came heat so intense that the brass rails burned the hand, the pitch oozed from the seams, and the passengers lay pant? ing beneath the awning spread aft, and . longing for the evening breeze. Now and then the , cocoa-nut-fringed islands were seen, bat no stoppage was made ; for, on consideration^ it was de cided that such a step might afford the Cuban a clue to .their whereabouts,1 while now both Captain Studwick and Datch felt satisfied that their suspicions : had been without foundation — that they had indeed eluded him, and all they had r to do now was .to 'make the best of their, wa/ W' the treasure, andN secure . their, prizes. So southward and westward went ,the: schooner, past reef, key, and island to-; wards the El Dorado of their hopes ; the: two invalids, muoh better ; in fact, Hes-I tor's colour had, been pretty well restored! and all she waited for was the day when her golden hopes would be realised — not; those of finding ingot or bar long' buried! in theseo, but the. restoration, complete^ 'and fall, of her husband's love and trust.; The' Caribbean Sea had long been! '? entered, and its sheltering chain of is- i lands left behind ; and now, with Oakum in consultation with the , captain, the . the vessel's course was altered to due soute, with the result that one evening after gradually crcepiag along the forest clad'coaatof Venezuela, and land that seemed almost weird in its silence and wild grandeur, anchor was cast for the night; for the voyage was almost at ah end. A long debate took place that night, ' . in which Oakum and the black took part, the result being eminently satis factory to Mr, jPqrkley aud: Dutch, foi both the above spoke positively as to their being now within certainly a mile east or west of the spot where one of the wrecks could be found. ?' I dou't say, you know, as I've put the, schooner right on the spot; but she's herecloso. and wemust out with boats and cruise about, looking down through the water, which is as clear as glass, till we got right, and then ; we can sail or tow her, up.' As tho stars came out, and iho ad venturers stood- by the bulwarks, gazing at the thick black walls of forest beyond the rocks and, snowy sand,, where - tho waves broke iu lines of phosphorescent ijold, they could easily understand how it waa these treasures had lain untouched so long. For here the beasts of the forest had sole dominiou ; anil cvon tho Indians of tho country showed no sign, of ever visiting tho grand solitudes. All seamed as nature had left it when her handiwork was at an end ; and driven by some furious hurricane on one or other of the rocks that abounded, a ship would fill and sink and be forgotten. CHAPTER XVI. OAKUM AT FAULT. There was a silence almost .awful, aficcting those on board 'so that thoy spoke in wbispors ; but everv now and tnen some strange howl or wild cry, made sailors and, passengers start, and listen again for the weird whispers and noises, that arose. The solomnity of the scene had its effect on tho men, who gathered together talking of supernatural visitations, haun ted' ships, and the ghosts of the. old buccaneers who watched over their buried treasure, till they were all more or less infected with fear ; and - the squinting i sailor expressed his opinion that, no good would come of meddling with what was evidently meant to lie buritd, he was sore — a declaration that excited the laughter of Tonio, who ended by calling him a cowardly fool. Meanwhile, on deck the excitement of being at last' so near the . goal of their, hopes kept the leaders of the expedition from seeking their cots, and Dutch was gazing thoughtfully at the breaking sea falling back in a murmur in golden foam, when he started, for a little cold hand was laid upon his side. ?' What do you want?' he said, coldly ; but his voice had lost its former i harshness. ? ? - ? ? - ' My husband to tell me that he bo lieves and trusts me once again,' she said, piteously. And she sank on the deck to embrace his knees. Dutch Pugh was altera. man, but he could not long resist this appeal. He had fought against tho piteous glances now for many days. He had turned a deaf ear to Bessy Studwick's rebukes and insistence upon Hester's innocence ; but in the soft darkness of that tropic night, in the silent grandeur of tnat mysterious sea, he felt his heart beat wildly with its old love. But there was that damning scene that he had wit nessed from the garden seeming to rise up like a grim shadow between them, and, with a sigh, he raised her and led her weeping to the cabin stairs. 'Good night, Dutch, dear Dutch,' she faltered, clinging to his arm. ' Good night, Hester,' he said coldly. (To be Continued .) , You can's beat Colemane and Sons Spocial Oil or Rheumatism.' If you cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea ' at your district, write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storekeeper,* 