NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. ' fAu Riohts Reserved. ' ' — — ( fey tits author of J'Dt'na Beaton ;" " JessIr Mri.vii.le;" " luoir, tbr Faotouy Qibl," j " Eostaos, the outcast." ;; Chapter yy. — Continued. , " I heard more of ray master's secrets stiU," Answered Nelly — " something that merely oonoerned myself." if1 "What!" oxolaimcd Albert. "He has been plotting against you, too P" I f t'Yon Bhall judgo," replied tha girl. « From what I ovorheard, I learned/that my father made a will, by whioh I shall got all the property my -unolo has taken possession of. The will was in master's hands, and he made a bargain witb .my unele to keap it back — master to &et; fifteen hundred podnds for doing so." p'"Tho rasoalsl" said Albort through his set teeth. £.'<< But," continued Nolly, "Mr. Ohipps : means to overreach my unole in tho matter ; jfor he gave my unolo a copy of tho will, which tho latter thought was the real one, and whiAh he burned. The real ono, how- 'ever, is in a seoret drawer in master's cabinet. He doesn't dream that I know that." I: '"If it could only bo got hold of," said Albert. U. Nelly continued — " Tho oopy which ha gave my linele was in the oloset, and when ho came in for it ho discovered me." r- " Confound it, that was unfortunate ; and' what was the result P" ' ' I was kept a close prisoner in an attic (dam for a week ; then they put me into a Targe box and brought me here, where for some weeks I have been confined in' an empty room — Walsh boing my gaoler." j' '" Confined in the same hquse !" exclaimed Margaret. I "And my husband, where is hep" asked Mrs. Walsh, trembling with agitation.' J " Ho took ill of a fever yesterday," an- »worod Nolly, " and to-night became deliri ous. In hiB madness he wanted to kill me, Whon I made taj escape from the room, and led from chambor to chamber, he pursuing pie witb a knife. At lost I saw a ray of light from yonr room, and pushing against a brick it foU, and I cried for help, and you rereifully Baved mo." "And- Walsh, whore is ho now.P" inquired everyone, in groat oxcitomtnt. i "I kuow not," answered Nolly. ''He Was knocking wildly on the door of the room , Jghen I sprang through tho aperture." i "Wicked as ho is, he must not be Ipft >lono in tlie madness of fever," obBgrvod Albert. , " Oh ! lot ns go and find him," pleaded his wife. " Ho ie my husband, and I loved him once.". They all hastily roso, nnd tho young men gotting lights, they proceoded to the paint ing-room, with tho intention of passing through tho hole in the partition in search of Walsh. Thoy found him lying, however, on-tho floor, where he had fallen before the picture, and the'knife beside him. Ho was still insensible ; but theyraised him, and conveying him to another room, stripped him and laid him upon a bod, his much-injured wife and Margaret Clayton re maining to watoh by tho cauch. , f (tbapterjsi. (REMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND FOR GIVENESS. / It is necessary that we should briofly ox- jfiain how it happened that Nelly, on making good lier escape from Walsh, fell into tho protection of Deborah Diokson andcthe rest. And this-ieads us back to tho night, or rather early morning, whan Margaret and Mrs. iWaiah woro rescued from the house in Leeds. That New Year's Day was spent in con sidering what their future course should be. or most of their sakos it was found highly tieeessary to leave Leede. Neither Deborah nor Harry was safe there ; and Mrs, ,Wu1sh pnd'Margaret were both anxious to got out jof the roach of Wulsh and Bob Preston, filbert Clayton oared little where he .lived, ks.far as personal safety was conoernod, for, Jss his onemics thought him dead, there was' no fear of him being hunted after. But, as Bio still wished to leave Lady Clayton nnd jOhippB, the lawyer, undor 'tho impreesion that ho was removed oat of their way, it was important that he should neither be soon nor (ocogniecd in the city. Ho, therefore, was nolinod also to leave Leeds. Tho only other members of the party were William Sime and Jiis .mother, neither of whom apprehended any danger either from Walsh or Boh Pres ton ; but William wbh a fond and devoted lover, and if Margaret wns to depart, ho pould not think of remaining behind. f In the consideration of this question one Important eiomcnt required to bo taken .into account, nnd that was tho finauoinl. fWilliam Sime w«b a journeyman watohmakor land could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton bad nevor yet earned a subsistence, and the diflioulty with jhim was how to do it. It was highly neces sary that it should be done. He happened to have a fow pounds in his purse, and a splendid gold watch in his fob, when im mersed in Waterloo Lake, and on further ex amination ho found a valuable diamond pin En his oravat. Those, if sold, would supply the demands on him for a short whilo, but ns lie knew not how long ho might require to trust to his own resources, ho thought it would be wise to liso tbe produce only for bis necessities. Ho felt that it would be more desirablo to cam something, not only ' for his own wants, bnt for those of tlio ladies who wore bo- far thrown on his oarer" Ho was a long time puzzled to think how this mijjlit be done. VnriouB plans ooourrod to Mm, most'of which woro abandonod ns im practicable almost ns soon as formed. At length one bright idea straok him, and it ap peared so feasible that he stuok to it. For years past ho had been a most enthusiastic amateur photographer and be thought that by buying tho u'pparatus and all things neue'a- jary be might realise something by the art. With this view ho sold his gold watch and diamond pin, and bought the requisite in struments and ehemicalB, The only question now was where to go to put the experiment to the tost. A very short ooiiHultatiou be tween William and himself made them fix on Manchester, and thoy at once removed thithor and were fortunate in finding an empty bonse. William Sime at ouoe got employ ment in a watchmaking establishment ;. and Albert, undor the designation of Monsionr La Fevre, commenced business as a photo grapher. Ho succeeded admirably, and was largely patronised— Harry boing a moat effi- oient assistant to liiin. In his loiaure hours hs ; wrought nt an oil painting, whioh he- thought of sending to the next Exhibition— , taking for his snbjeot tho incident on the Lake when he nearly booamo tho viotim of Walsh. At this painting ho was labouring, Witb Harry as his dolighted helper, when Nelly demanded his aid. i For tlio fow weeks in whloli thoy had lived In this sooludod manner m Manchester tkev (had boen very comfortable and happy, oflen < wondering among themselves how Nelly would be getting on with her master, and What would be her conjeoturos as to tho non- appsarnnco of Doborah in Woodhouea-laue : ) (With n?ws of Harry. Frequently they thought of oommunicating with hor, but the risk they thereby ran of betraying to their tohomies tho placo of their retreat kopt tliom . Little did tliov droam that the snb- jeot of their solioltude was oonfined at, a few rooms' distance from them under the,gsoler- ship of Walsh. Her eingular and unexpected appearanco among them was hailed with extrcmo satis faction. She had not only escaped .from the camp of the enemy, but she flame laden with all their secrets. Nelly's osoapo would bring matters to an issue ; and Albert Clayton, who felt that with him lay the dnty of taking aotion, was puzzled how to proceed. The situation was a very oritical ono. Lady Clayton and Ohipps would fight the battle unscrupulously, and with the fioroest deter mination. He was likewise aware that they had a certain advantage on their side, inas much as they would oompel him to provo, first of all, Harry's identity, and thou his 'legitimacy — two things diffioult at all times, and doubly so here on account of the private manner in which his parents had been mar ried. The chief witness to both matters was Doborah Dickson. Pondering ovor these things, Albert Clay ton at length came to a resolution which gave him great relief. He resolved to consult his father's former solicitor — Mr. Ball — whom Lady Clayton had dismissed when she came into power, and 'put the management into the hands of Chipps. He would call upon him and lay bofore him all the information of which he was himself possesBod. For the present, however, he deoided to do and ssiy nothing till an iraus was reached in the illneee of Waleh. The latter still lay delirious under hissviolent fever, hie wife and Margaret watohing closely beside him. Not withstanding hie cruelty, his negleot, and injustioe, that patient, loving wifo tended hie sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his bnraing brow as ho lay uncon scious of everything but his suffering, and striving to do her utmost to alleviate hie pain. In this meroiful and loving ministration she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgot her loathing and hatred of the man who would have blasted hor life and consigned her to misery. In his helplessness and affliction sho was ready to return good for evil, and day and night, remained by his coueh, rendering him attentions which could not have beon excelled by a daughter's affeo- tion. Oooasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Sime and, William, and even Albert Clayton, visited the room, though the latter cared net to ap- poar m the eufferer'a sight lest he might re cognise him, and he filled with increased horrer at beholding what he could only con sider as the spirit of the murdered victim. For twenty days Walsh lay nnconsoious under the power of the fever, his natural rugged strength and the vigour of his con stitution sustaining him under its severity, though the watchers could see that every day he grew weaker. The doctor who was callgd in did his utmost to check tho diseaso, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on. a mild March afternoon, as his wife and Margaret sat silent in the room listening to his breathing, whioh had for some time been soft, low and regular, ho stirred slightly, and \- when thoy looked they saw him open his eyoB and gaze at them with intelligonoe. The wild blazing light of insanity was gone, the burning flush had left his face, and a calmness rested on his features. Ho looked Bteadiiy at both of them for a few seconds, then his eyes wandered round 'the apartment, and his countenanoe mani fested surprise. , "Wife," ho said, in a low voice, "what place is this we are inP This is not our house." " No, James," sho gently answered. " Do you feol yourself better now?" "BotterP" he ropoated, "what's the matter with me ?" " You have boon veky ill." " Have I ? Nonsense. I have had but a long sleep, that is all. I must rise now." Ho tried to sit up, but to his surprise found he could not even lift his hand to his head. His utter weakness told hiin what she said was truo. "I have been ill, have' I?" be muttered. "I thought it was just a long.bad dream. What lias been the matter: with me, and where are we P At Keighloy's ?" " No, James," she replied. ."We are in Mnnoliester." "Manchester?" he repeated, gazing at her in astonishment. " What are we doing in ManohestorP All, wait a bit," he sud denly added, my head is strangely confused, bnt it is getting clearer." He lay for some timo in deep reflection, whioh they did not care to interrupt. Evi dently the recent past was ooming to his re- mcmbranoe. "I rocolleot all now," he said; "but whore is tho girl — sho was with me when I was takon ill." . Mrs. Walsh replied by narrating the par- tioulars of Nelly's flight, and haw both she and himself had changed quarters. " And.that.was last night,'.' he said. "Oh, 'dear, no, James. It was three weeks ago. -You have beon delirious all the time, . .and Margaret and I have watched over you." Hefixed upon her a look of intense aa- tonishmBnt. .. . 1 " Buthow do you happen to ho hero P" he Bsked nfter considerable pause, ' " Wo did not think it right to remain in Leeds after — after yon night," she replied, striving to infiiee no reproach into her tone, " and -we came here, and havo been here ever einee but, Jomoe, I think you should not speak any more now— you ate' very weak, and require repose." He gave her another peouliar glance, and a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his face. " I believe you are right, wife," ho said ; " but I suppose it is all up now with Ohipps and Lady -Clayton. The girl would go right off nnd tell the whole batch of seorets. The lawyer, I expeot is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I oan be moved. It is very kind of: you, Mary," he added, bitterly, " very kind, of . you to preserve me fropi the gallows." " Hush, James, do not speak so," she an swered. "Nelly is in this house — aho has never left it, and has told nothing except to ue." " Ha, you are — you must be deoeiving me. The girl would tako the first opportunity to be off to Leeds." " Indeed, Jamee, I am not deoeiving you," said his wife, earnestly. f'Wliat I say is true — every word; and you know I never .told a lie." -„ ' "No," returned Walsh, slowly ; "hut it the girl bo here, I must see - her; I shall then be satisfied. -- - " I will bring her," said Margaret, rising .and leaving the room. In a few minutes she returned, accom panied by Nelly, who went forward to hie bedside, and aaid sho was glad to know he was somewhat better. " You havo not boon to Leeds P" he said. "I have not," she replied. "No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise pot to do or Bay anything in the matter at present." This assurance soomod to satisfy Walsh, for ho turned his bond to the other sido of the bed, and immediately sank into a deep sleep. For many days nftor this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak — helpless almost as, a ohlld. Patiently and unwenriedly his wife tended him all the while, doing her utmost to pro mote, hie copafort - and restore his strength; Ho received" her 'attentions in sileneo, but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if en during montal suffcring; and this he was silontly experiencing to a great extent. Laid upon that bed of sickness, and unable to chaBe away reflection from hie mind, his wasted life presented itself before. him in all its hideoUB deformity. First of all, bo thought how littlo'he deserved suoh kindnesB at the hands of his wife. Justly might she have left him to himsolf in his agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly -he had crushed out of her bosom tbe love she had once borne him, and how completely he had placed himself beyond the pale of her sympathy. Yel hero she was a olose atten dant by his sick bed, watching him with the most tender solioitude, smoothing his pillow so gently, anticipating his wants, and sup plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him to the heart. It was heaping ooals of fire on his head, and no more effeotual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa bility. What is there on oarth more terrible to on- duro than the pangs of remorse ! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deep- stained with sin and crime, beeomos conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of moral truth. Then there is nothing but a fearful looking for of judgment and fiery in dignation. But this is not ail — this is not tho worst ; tho judgmont of indignation could be borne, bcoause in enduring it there is something like the aatisfyingaonae of making atonement; but joined to this there is an aching void of regret and se)f-reproaoh, which fills the sonl with sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, for he thought of the time when first he folded his youthful, blooming Mary to Mb heart, and whispered to her words of love. What suffering had he brought upon hor, and how different it might have been ! -But now — now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For days these awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained,- and in very desperation he gave expression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought he was sleoping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up sho saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her husband was not sleeping, as she had sup posed — he.lay gazing intently upon her, and an unshod teardrop stood in either eye. 8o , struok was she that she could only sit and look at liim. " Mary," aaid he, " how is it that you and Meg have been so kind to me' in my illness, though I have usod you both so ill, and you know that I committed the worst of crimes?" \- " Because we bear no malice, James," an swered his wifo. " This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we have done, and our blessed Saviour set us the glorious ox- ample. Your eonduot has grieved us — deeply grieved us— but our feelings are more thoBe of Borrow than of anger. We Bitterly lamen ted your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake." j "And yet, Mary," groaned Walsh, in a tono of gentleness he had not uBed to her for many years, " you have cause to hate me ns . badly as woman ever hated man. Don't you remember when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish ypu through life ? It was then that, believing my fair premises, you confidently laid your hoad upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Mary P" " Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed the wifo, through faBt rising tears. "Many years have passed since thon ; but1 what have they brought to you P. Misery, wretchedness, and woe. Here f lie this evening, all that is vile, and with the damn ing weight of human blood upon my soul ; and there you sit, a wronged and betrayed wife, robbod of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have' thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till Ilay in my helplessness, and saw you watch ing devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to hoaven it were a dream — would that I oould live my life over again. But the wish is in vain. I am lost, accursed,' and self-damned." " Hush, James ; do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. " This blessed book tolls ub there is hope for us.all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been par doned, and " " Th at is not, cannot be true;" interrupted Walsb, hastily. "A more wicked man than me never lived. No repentance can save mo. One deed I havo done which shuts tho door of hope against nic. I ant a murderer." Mrs.' Wulsh was silent. She wns sure he waH alluding to tho supposed death of Albort Clayton; and did hot dare to undooeive him — at least before she had taken ooUusel of others. \ " I oan make no atonement for my deeds," continued the remorseful man ; but nt least for the murder I oan die, If I recover from the illness, it will only bo to give myaolf up to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for it." His wife rose in greet agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door. \- "Don't leave me, Mary," pleaded Walsh. " I will return immediately," she an swered, and vnnishod as sho spoke. ' She was gone for some little time, when eho'again entered tho room, and taking a seat by the bed, laid her hand on the siok man's arm. , . ' " Jamos," she said in n'solomn, impressive tono, " you were indeed guilty of an awful orime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake, So far as your intention and belief Wont, you there foully murdered Albort Clayton." ; "I did — I did," groanod Waleh, hidisg his faoe witb one hand. . " But," continued his wife, " I have .Btrango.news to tell you. A meroiful Pro vidence interposod to prevent tho deed being actually committed." He suildonly took away his hand and re-' garded her with a look of amazing inquiry. "Yes, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near tho spot heard the youth's ories. They had takon shelter bo- hind a tree, and you passed close by tbem, though you did not see thorn. They, how- ever, saw and recoguieed you. When you had disappeared on the road, thoy ran with all speed to the odge of the lake and saw the young man rise to tho surface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating und rosoned him." - " Mary, you are mooking me," criod Walsb, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. "No, James; whnt I state is a solomr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. Ho if at this moment alive and well, and hi; rescuers wore Margaret and William Birne, ber lover."1 "Alive — Albert .Clayton alive I" he re peated, With quivering lips, whilst hie bosom heaved to bursting. " It is false— it is a de lusion! I will not believe it." "Will you believe tho evidonee of youi .own eyes, then?" oried a oheerful voioe, and at the same moment Albort Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as he had been; .when, aeoompanied by Walsh, he wehttothe Park. I Walsh stored at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. ' " Come, feel me," said Albert, ns, with a smile on hie frank, handsome faoe, he ap proached tho bed ; " feol me, and oonvince yourself that I am not a ghost, bat real flesh and blood. I didn't moan to let any of you know — at least at present — that I am still in the land of the living; but as Mrs. Walsl telle mo you are full of repentance and re morse on nooount of my supposed death, I thought I would onse your mind a bit bv let- ting you know tbo truth. I don't think you will make a bad use of tlio knowledge." " Th'ank God your blood dooe not lip. on my soul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh/of re lief. " I feel some hope now. I may aban don my wiokod life and reform." " That's right'," returned Albert. "It's not-tho thing for a follow libo you, who was once 'an lionoet, rightheartod man, to give yourself up to villainous courses. You have botter stuff in you, and I am sure of it. You have tho making of a noblofollow, if you will only shake off tho commotion with Chipps, Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are bad to tho core, everyone of .them. Now, what say youP Will you henceforth stick to truth, and do tho right thing, and we'U stand by you, and ere long you will recover your self- respect, and be happy yetwithyour angel of a wife ?" „ "God bless you, sir!" exclaimed Walsh', after a violent strugglo with his emotion. "Heaven help mo, I will do aB you say. Mary, will you— onn you forgive me ?" Gladly, James — joyfully." ' j Chapter yjtt. THE DEATH OF WALSH. Wonderful and blessed is the power of kind ness, in its very gentleness siid'unobtrusive- ness lios its strength — a strsnglhar mightier than any violence or apparent force ean cxer- oiee. Before it the stubborn will, the hardest heart, tho most abandoned nature has been .subdued, melted, and overcome. By it, when all else has failed, the consoienoe has been .reaehed and smitten into contrition, the sin- orueted soul haB been' pierced into bitter re- pentanoe, the withered and scorched affeetions have been made to gush out in their old chan nel, and an entire change has passed upon the wholo thing. Let this mighty potent power of kindness liro and flourish in the world. Whilo it is the mightiest of forces it can be wielded by the weakeet hand. Tho meek and delicate woman can oaueo it to put forth ite strongest influence ; it arms her with an irresistible might; Rnd invests her with a holy sovereignty. Not in the earthquake of passionate roproaah, not ill tho fire of fierce invcotivo, but in the still small voice of love, and in love's quiet acts of devotion are to be found the strongest forces of human agency capable of turning tbe most wiokod hearts and renewing the basest nature. And never was its amazing power more signally manifested than in tjio ease of Jim Walsh. For many long years be had lived in'bardened depravity. Having severed all ties between himself and virtue, bis nature was brutalieod, hiB conscience utterly doad, his moral sense defaced, and his' religious im pressions obliterated. He was restrained by nothingbut the consequences of buman de tection, no consideration of affoction or grati tude could move him ; be lived and acted in utter disregard of those around bim, or con nected with him, wronging and injuring them without compunction, for the sake of what he conceived to be his own selfish in terests. This was a state of hardened wickedness and moral, abandonment whioh no remon strance or expostulation or threatening could prevail against; yet kindnesB suddenly broke tlio flinty rock, nnd softened and subdued its stubbornness. His thoughts, feelings and desires wore now totally ohanged towards bis late victims. Not for worlds would he now act against tliom in tho interest of Ohipps and Lady Clayton. On the contrary, he felt an ardent desire to baffle theae plotters, and render justice to those whom they had Bought so foully to defraud. As yet bo it remarked, no higher motive animated him. The ohango of feeling was so marked nnd thorough that none around him doubted it. So well convinced were they of it that they freely trusted him, and conversed freely with him on all the matters. On two points thoy ' gave him information which was new, aud whioh greatly inte'reetcd him. He had been kopt entirely in the dark as regarded Harry. He knew quite well that Ohipps had a peou-1 liar interest in getting baok the boy who had run away from him, and whom he had been commissioned to trace and recover, but ho did not suspect he was tbe only child of Sir Humphrey's eldest son, and therefore the true heir ef the estate! The other point in which he was enlightened regarded Nolly, and the triok which Chipps had played Bab in giving him a copy of tho will only, and retaining the original in the cabinet. Onco, when Nelly was aione with him, he ques tioned hor particularly as to tho place in the room where this cabinet stood, and the man ner in which the lawyer touohed the secret spring whioh gave aoeese to the private drawer in which she had soon him deposit the dooument. Nelly answered as well as Bhe was ablo, and ho lay and pondered deeply on her replies. " Walsh was not ablo in return to give them any new intelligence, so woll did thoy already know the seorets of hor ladyship and her lawyer ; but ho was able to confirm the idon that Margaret was Sir Humphrey's daughter, and this he did frankly and positively. IIo had removed her when an infant from Clay ton, nt the instigation of Chipps, and was able to do it without suspicion, inasmuoh at the very time he had an infant daughfor who , died, and by dressing tho little body in tho' clothes worn by Sir Humphrey'Slbfant child, it was supposed to bo tlie latter. ; Amelia Saughton, the present Lady Clayton, who was then the artful companion of Sir Hum phrey's second wife, and already aspired to be her suooolsor, manngod to drug tho drink, of the nurse who bad oharge of the baby, and while ehe lay insensible the change was ef- feoted and the dead ohiiil placed under her to cause the supposition that aho had overlaid it. It was found, nnd tbo death so accounted for, nnd the poor deluded mother, then her-/' self hustening to tho tomb, kissed the cold pale lips otehe infant, believing that it was the corpso of her own little Margaret. In a Lew, days she died, and the infant of Walsh . and the second Lady Clayton were laid in ono grave, the grieved but deluded baronet be lieving that the dark receptacle received both his wifo and child. Matters being thus adjusted and explained botweon Walsh and bis lato viotims, tho former began gradually to recover his strength. Tho process of convalescence was a slow one, for tlie fever hud been fierce and wasting, but under tho tender nursing of his now happy wife, aud the loss cutting feelings : of his oonsoionce, ho perceptibly improved, and the timo earns when he could rise fur a fow hours every day. One morning when Mrs. Walah went into his room, she was amazed to find it empty. Jim was not in bed as usual, and Mb olothea were gone. In dismay and consternation, she ran and acquainted tho others with tho discovery. They oould not beliove it, thought sho must havo overlooked him, and ran in a body to the ohambor. Truo enough, it was empty, and the bed had not muoh appearance of having been used on tho previous night. They ran to tho door which opened into the oiose, andgfound it on tho latoh. William Sime declared that he had locked it the night before, nnd loft tho koy on the inside ; clearly therefore Walsh had departed, and by tho door ho had made his oxit. They looked at eucli other In blank and silent astonishment. Doborah was the first to speak, and in indignant agitation sho ox- ' olaimed that Walsh had gono away to betray them — that his sorrow and contrition was alt a pretenoe, and that nqw thoir enemies would resume their machinations against thorn. William Sime echoed tlio sumo opinion. So 'did Nolly, and ovon Mrs, Walsh, with tears ' and sobs, shook hor head and feared it must be so. (lo be continued.) advice to a l'ouno man. If you are in search of a situation oheor.up inspito of all rebuffs, and oohsidor the oyster, . to whom an opening oomes when he doesn't I expeot it : 