THIS WICKED WOKLD. ? — ; AT- THE POLICE COURT. . !'? SATURDAYS LEVEE. '. (Before Mr, Cowan P.M.) - A MI^ED THAU, Like our famed Australian cricketers the team was muohly mixedas theyfaoed the morning's music. Alltheir oyoa were firmly fixod on tho justice who presided and tho drunks, with bitter Bob,, anted up (as was decided) tho requisite five bob. Yes, justice they were Giffen and five shillings' worth, they got' and they parted did eaoh Dar ling, ere for ' Homo, sweet Home ' they Trott, for like Harry they felt harried, and they'd little cash to spare, but of 'night-caps' they'd been Donneu, well, they had. tho Lyons share, and (H)ill they felt this morning, though some wero out on bail, some had their oyes;. in mourning through their love of gingor ale. And Borne looked vory seedy, whilo all wore a Bolonm face, while of wealth some had an Eady (very needy) look of Grace, but enough of Wickot .players, who wore all this morning here, Ah ! plainly all those fellows 'Musgrov'- oudor of thoir boerl . Punctually at ten o'olock the[trund« ling took place, but it waa a case of 'after the Bawl.' Justice was dead on the wicket, and the liquor made no stand against the bowling, whioh shot both from off and on, Those that are out scored 5 (in silver colonial Roberts), Those that are not out. are are— well wore still in, when this edition went to press. A FELL DISEASE, I do not like Pleecoman Pell, The reason why I cannot tell, But thia I know and know full well, I do not like you Mister Fell. It was George Betsworth, a gentle . man, who if over, his bigography comes to be written down in ' Men of the Time,' will.if constable Fell has a hand in compiling tho work, be described as a disorderly individual. George Bets worth wanted to make a wager that ho was ' not guilty ' — but there, what's his bets-worth P Con stablo Fell stated that last night in' Murray-streot tho accused told him to go to the Mophtistopheloan regions. Tho constablo didn't go. He wont to the watch-house, and took Betsworth along with him. Mr. Cowan leotured Betsworth and let him go with a caution. SCENE— ANO'THEE PART' 01'' THE PLAT* FORM. . Number 719 (a la Hamlet) ; Whither would'Bt thou lead me? Speak! I'll go no further. Justice (a la The Ghost) i But that I am forbid To tell tho seorets of the prison house, I could a tale unfold, Who's lightest word would (broad) arrow Up thy soul, freeze thy young berlnd ! And make eaoh particular hair to stan' an' end Like quill-pens upon the fretful por oupine. But this eternal 'Blazing' must not be. List !— List ! ! Oh List ! ! ! Boing thus on the list, Number '719 on the oharge.sheet was fined 5s. PAIR MOON, TO TUEE I SING, Fair moon, to thoo I sing, Bright regions of the heavinks, Oh ! say— Why is everything At fives, at sixes, and at sevinks '? So warbled John Brown last night, though this morning ho ran the fingers of his loft hand upwards hrough his hair, and as he laid his left hand graoefully though gently on his wildly, throbbing heart, a sad, sweet smilo in his eyes, mutely appoaling to the Benoh for pardon and forgiveness, he faced tho music. ' True, sir, I had a glass, but 'twas, I assure you, taken in the heat of the moment. This defence from a man who after trying uusuccoss fully to light his cigar with themoon.and then endeavored to make an old pipe stem do duty for a latch-koy was deemed lame— lame in the extreme. The heat haB much to answor for now-a-diys, but not quite as much as all that. (Another chance,) THE WOMAN WE READ ABOUT. Sarah Eead swept into court with tho air of a Duohess, both hands lightly olaaping the folds of her elegant oostume, \yhieh for the information of our Society read-era wo may state was not a lovely gown of rich Ivory Satin, made with a court train aud fully gored skirts nor was there an exquisite Honiton lace draping of the pretty flounce. No coronet spray, no beautiful bouquet of flowers in her hand attend ing this levee. It was simply plain Sarah Rrad, who in place of cream silk and cheoked orepon, godet skirts with drawn bodice of silver soquin and coilar and waist of folded satin, she w.as apparelled in her best Suuday go to-meeting Pompadour-de-priutim. .. Sarnh last night behavod in an idle and disorderly manner in Murray, street. Sho elocuted on tho Bonch without effect, for tho woniau we read about (sbo wore no duohease shawl) not having the monoy to buy a jacket, got a free«mantlo (Fremantlo) for twenty ono dayo. WAKEM UP. ' William H. Wakeoij charged yeater 'daywith threatening language, ap peared this morning with a couple of bondsmen, Will H, and his eeenritea wore bound over, himself in the sum of JJ50 and tha others £io each. ?? So that William H. has now six months to go' Thebenoh gave the bondaraen awaking up in regard to the terrible consequonce that would follow if William H. ran amok ere the half*year had disappoarocL 