A WOMAN'S BATTLE. CHAPTER XV. Br ESME STUART, ^iithor of "Kcstell of Greystone," "A Woman of Forty,"' The Power of the Past," &c.;, &c.; Clara Osborne had verv few personal friends. \- - h-.r^er heavilyon herhands ^ h e ^ funous wit[1 him for fee]; his ^ so Uttle angry too ^ ^ was preoccupied, and because he did not resent his father's cheerful spirits. A woman must have some outside resource; and if there is no outlet for her affections she usually throws herself into society or into active good works. For Clara society was out of the question, but good works remained, and one day Miss Osborne drove to St. Cecilia's Vicarage to offer her services to the Vicar. His name was the Rev. James Colborne, and he received his visitor with the easy courtesy, occasionally found combined, of a gentleman aud a clergyman. "I have heard that you wanted workers," she said. " I am in deep mourning for my mother, so I have a good deal of time on my hands." "Thank you," he said kindly. "You like the poor, I conclude, and you can sympathise with their trials; else you would not"be here?" '* Oh, I have been used to poor people. At Stacey I visited in the parish. My mother was very particular about the people. If any did not behave well, they were turned out of the village." Mr. Colborne smiled. " We can't do that here. We can only win their hoarts." Clara's sad. discontented face did not strike him as specially attracts e. On her side ehe looked at the simply furnished, uncomfortable room, and decided that Mr. Colborne was a bachelor. " There are some things which only a woman can help them with," she said. Her eyes wandered to the chimnev-pieqe, and she was suddenly attracted by the sight of a woman's photograph. The face was beautiful, and there was a sweet womanliness about the figure. Mr. Colborne saw the direction of Miss Osborne's eyes. " Yes, indeed; a woman's influence is of untold benefit to them. I see you are looking at that photograph. It is the picture of one whose very presence seemed to bring comfort to the poor and to the sick." " Indeed," said Clara, rising to examine the portrait. " It is certainly a charming face. I can't pretend to any attractive power, but I nan deliver tracts and call for clubmoney. In fact, I want something to do." " I am glad you say that at once. I will find you something to do, but you must not mind if the work is rather uninteresting." " Yon mean I should not be the right person to bring consolation to cottagers—I should not influence people as this lady did," she said, with a touch of pride in her voice. "She was a saint. Miss Osborne, and they are rare." " Very rare, I should think. Well, anyhow, for the next fortnight I can help in any way you like. After that I shall hope to persuade my father to go abroad." " Ah, indeed." Than James Colborne fetched & list and appointed Clara's work. She took up precious time, and Uelp for a fortnight was almost useless to him, but he was too great a saint himself to tell hor 60, or to let her discover her uselessness. " A soul in sorrow," he thought to himself, as he looked at the girl's habitual frown. That evening Clara told Percival and her father what she had done. "Wa can go abroad soon, can't we?" she asked, turning to her father. " Abroad—well, no, I don't think so; it is a great bother. I shall go home. There's no place like home." Clara's face clouded over. " Home! It won't be home to me any more. No, no—let us go abroad." Lord Stretton looked raidiant this evening. It was impossible not to notice his changed looks. Percival, who was feeling more than miserable, wondered wliv his father could be so litle affected by his son's unhappiness. " If you wish it, Clara, I think it would be a good thing for yon to have a change. By all means find a companion and go abroad." • "Clara musn't go without us," said Percival, with a sudden wish to show his father that all Clara's wishes should be considered. The subject dropped for the time being, and only in the evening was it mentioned again between father and son. Why sho&ld; not Clara get a little change, Percival? She mopes too much." "Half her life has gone," said Percival Eiowly. " Poor child ! but some new joy will take away the old sorrow. Will you take her abroad, Percival? It will do you good, too. By the way, I want to tell you definitely that r„ll that business about Miss Beddoes must be at an end." " Must be? Surely, sir, that is impossible. " I am afraid, my poor boy, that you must make up your mind as others before you have had to do. I had another talk with Mrs. Beddoes to-day, and it seems she is quite immovable." " I thought it was your objections, sir, that stood in the way." "Well, we both object. She has her reasons and I have mine. The girl is under age, and must obey her mother ; and in the meanwhile it is more honourable to throw it all up. I don't say that when you are both your own masters, and if Miss Beddoes is still of the same mind then, that might be another question ; but at this moment I'm very sorry, Percival; but, once for all, you mast give her up." Percival stood quite still. He was silent from intense surprise. He could never have believed his father conld have stood in his way without apparent reason, or withont sufficient cause. Had he been free, unfettered by that dreadful promise, he would at once have decided to leave his father and to seek work of some kind or other. As it was he could not do so. There was nothing for it but patience. But would Sara understand this strange conduct? He was placed in a very difficult position, and one that seemed to him almost unbearable. " Miss Beddoes will be extremely surprised at all this, 1 ' he said at last. "She will think she has been treated in a preposterous manner." " Her mother will expl∈ the position, I suppose. The girl is snre to get engaged very soon. In fact, her mother has already chosen the man she wishes her to marry." " As if in these days girls were bought and sold in this way!" said Percival. "I may as well say once for all, father, that I shall marry no one else, aud I fee! sure that she will not." " Let us hear no more about it. It is impossible. You have seen the girl barely half a dozen times. It is not as if this was a longstanding affection. In that case" Lord Stretton paused. He hated himself for giving pain to Percival, the son who had always been a comfort to him, but the choice lay between siding with him—which would not advance his suit one step—or siding with Luev—Lucy! At this moment the word was a powerful talisman. His was no half love, no new fancy. It was the old love flowing back .with increased force, and why should he destroy his hopes for the sake of Percival? How much he wished that Percival had never set eyes on Lucy's child; but this wish was so futde that it was hardly worth while giving it a moment's thought. The complications were so strange, so intensely inconvenient, and unfortunately Lucy had foolishly made it a test question. But even Lucy did not know alL His own marriage would leave him a poor man, and Lucy had no money. He must tell hor 6ome day, not yet. The whole subject was intensely irritating, but he had no choice—so he said. It was Lucy against Percival, and Lucy's victory, in spite of many misgivings, seemed certain. Only Lord Stretton felt that after all Percival could afford to wait and he could not. Thintrs would come right for the younger man, whilst for a him—for him—Lucy must forgive him; she must be his cs soon as public opinion allowed it. Then all bis past mistakes could be blotted out, all the old sores healed, and the old wrongs righted. He woula once more resnect himself, and the absence of this feeling had hsen no small part of his punishment. f "I must write to her once more," Baid Percival after a long silence. "Her mother w%ll not hear of any sort of binding or of keeping up a correspondence." " She need not bs afraid of underhand ways. Sara is incapable of it. The mother, on the contrary, I distrust very much. There is some mystery under all this, and I shall not quietly submit to it." " My dear fellow, you must not take this to heart eo much. You" are not the only man who has failed to win a first love." "But there havo been reasons—sufficient reasons. In my case there are none." " Be sure that there are reasons in this case —sufficient leasons." " Then why am I not told them?" Lord Stretton turned away. He would not discuss the subject further. Percival did not know about his mother's will; on the other hand. Lord Stretton had a cousin who would, ho believed, leave him a modest fortune, but she was not even in frail health, and he was not accustomed to wait for dead men's shoes. "'Ta!:e my advice, start off with Clara to Switzerland or Italy, and let thi3 blow over. 1 shall go home. I don't mind the solitude for a ti:ne. :: " Clara would like it, I know; but I oa.n'<; leave you, sir." "For a month; a month will do Clara all the good in the world, and she will come home with new ideas. Indeed, you must take her; I have plenty to do at Stacey." Percival retired to his room, but bsforo he went to bed he wrote a long letter to Sara, telling her that nothing would move his father, and "that her mother also forbade all intercourse. " For the present, darling, I am bound to cive in. I could not do anything dis- a l e i s c honourable, and I could not put you in a false position; but be sure of one thing—that I will wait for you—wait always till you give me leave to come." On her side Lucy had undertaken the same kind offices for Sara. She, too, chose that evening to tell Sara definitely that all was at an end, that nothing would move Lord Stretton, and that they must give up all intercourse." " But why?" said Sara, her face no longer bright and hopefuL " Why, mother? I can't believe it. It seems senseless. We only ask to be allowed to write to each other." " No, certainly not. It is better that all should end. You must trust me, dear Sara* to do what I think best." " But Percival will never give in." " He has given in; he certainly cannot go against his father." " It is unjust and cruel, and directly I am my own mistress I shall offer all my money to Percivd. There will be enough to live on, I suppose." Sara began to be scornful. "Such wilfulness never ends in good. You can't wish him to quarrel with his father. It •would bo very selfish of you." " He will never give me up, I know it," said Sara; and she went to bed still believing that she and Percival were stronger than any one else in the world. But the next morning came Percival'e note. Though she knew that he acted on the highest principles, and though she felt there was no use in furhtmg any more at present, she was deeply disappointed. Shs wrote only two lines in answer:— . " We will wait, Percival; bat I think your father is cruel and unjust." Then Sara's life made a new beginning. Something good had gone out of her existenca, and some new feeling of hatred crept in. The life of pleasure suddenly fell flat; and she followed her mother, generally accompanied by Mr. Greenwood, as u she were a ghost of lin former self." "Would you like to go to Chapel Stacey 7" said her mother one day. "We could hire die Rectory, I hear, for the Rector bas gone abroad for his health. It is a lovely house, and that beautiful wood which belongs tb it will be perfect now." " Yes—oh, yes! please let? us go," said Sara. *• I want to get away from here." "'Especially as your Guardian tells me he is soon going to take a trip back to the mine." " Then there is nothing left to care for in London," said Sara. "But I shall ask Mr. Greenwood to^pay us a visit." Sara answered nothing; but the romance of her life seemed ended. (To be Continued to-morrow.J 