Xif'c in XiOii-loii-..nnd. Tliore .abOflt. ( Chronicled by Henry IV, Lucy, in the SM. Herald). ...... Westminster, April.34. ' - It is Mr. Chamberlain's curious but inevitable fate that in whatever direc tion the Tory Cabinet may move, taking him in their company, he is faced by the ghosts of early speeches demonstrating the iniquity of the new departure. The introduction in the House of Commons of a new bill dealing with education, agricultural rating, or any other subject, is the signal for fresh refererice to the well-thumbed and now scarce volume containing the 'authorised edition' of his speeches, published in 1885. That epoch was the high-water mark of his Radicalism. He had just delivered the remarkable series of speeches throughout the country embodying what was known as the unauthorised programme. His platform addresses were models of suc cessful speech, burning with passion, aflame with scorn and hatred of Toryism, whether in State or Church. But the phrases were keenly, coidly cut, un blurred by haste or anger. Scathing in their denunciation, epigrammatic in. their form, tliey became part of political conversation, and to this day linger in the memory. In the House of Com mons, on the platform, and in the press, good Liberals attempt to confute on various points the Secretary for the Colonies in Lord Salisbury's third Ad ministration. But no one can hit the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain of 1896 with such directness, force, and effect as can the 'Joe Chamberlain' of 1885. The Government bill brought in this week, whereby it is proposed to relieve the agricultural ratepayer of one half his burden, to be made up out of Im perial taxation, to which the borough ratepayer largely contributes, is fulfil ment of a desire long cherished by the Conservatives. In 1883 Lord Salisbury betrayed a hankering after thisv little arrangeriient, and was straightway swooped down, npon by- Mr.-. Chamber lain. 'I never recollect,' he told his constituents at Birmingham, ' any public man propose in a franker — I might even say in a more audacious — manner to rob Peter in order to pay Paul.' To Mr. Chamberlain of those days the case was made worse by the fact that 'Peter is . represented by the landless millions who have.no. other wealth than their labour and their' toil, 'while Paul is the great landlord who is. seeking to . relieve him self- of ' liis sliare of taxation' by shifting it on to the shoulders of his less famous fellow-countrymen.' The relative posi tions of Peter and Paul to-day are pre cisely what they were in 1883. What has changed beyond the scope of maddest nightmare phantasy is the position of Joseph, who to-day finds himself seated at the right hand of Lord Salisbury in Cabinet Council, assisting to.- enact one by one the very measures which when talked of a dozen years ago filled him with righteous indignation. What is amazing is the courage with which Mr. Chamberlain faces, this un paralleled position. He never flinches when he hears the crack of the inevit able quotation.; 7 It resounded /nightly through debate on the Home Rule Bill of 1S92. -It will,. be, heard again and again in committee on the Education Bill and the Agricultural Rating Bill. Mr. Chamberlain will sit unperturbed, occasionally smiling as if the lash were falling on somebody else's shoulders, and he from a comfortable ' seat in .the arena were able to enjoy the force and direct ness of the blows. The Kaiser's New Yacht. — Mr. Robert Gomez, Emperor Williarri's sail ing master, , has arrived at Partickonthe Clyde with the object of superintending the fitting, out of his; Majesty's new yacht which' was to be launched about, the middle of May. Lord Lonsdale will be the Emperor's representative on board during the season. For that reason (says the London -correspondent /of .th'e Van couver Daily News Advertiser) he has gone to Berlin in order to consult with his Majesty. In connection with Lord Lonsdale's , visit tp/ the 'Germatgcapital rumor says' that. EriiperoriWilliam desires to hear just how English society really feels towards him( The yacht, which it is understood will be . named Meteor, after his old yacht, formerly the Scotch cutter Thistle, will make her debut at the Southend Regatta. Her design is /still* a secret; ;but it js hinted/that an ex traordinary departure'has 'b'ee'ri made in carrying the lead. keel, 3ft- deeperiorward instead of aft/ff.;Her/gttjngs^ are„ of the lightest possible character, but 'she has a handsome/ladies'/jcabin and several staterorims/YThe'Vew. yacht will have a steel main;bqqrn, similar to the Valky neJsj(excej)£tKat it will be round instead 'of h'exagdnai.'/'*' A Famous FinHTiNc/ Ship.— )Vej are likely to see u wonderful ship Boon. . Says the Time* 'Nelson's old vessel, the Foudroy ant, which was. some . three- years., ago repur chased from a German shipbreaker, will shortly' he placed' on exhibition as 'near to London us the river, authorities will, permit. She is being restored in every respect to the condition in xvhieh she was when Nelson's flag flew from her masthead. She will carry the greutor part of the original, armament of eighty-eight guns, and the guns nro aclually those in use when the ships are in commission. It is proposed to dress the crow in the enstumo of the period. When tho Foudrnyn'nt once more. sails, .instead of being ignominiously towed from port to port, she wiq be the ouly ? existing fully rigged, urmcd, and manned speci men of the ' wooden walls', of Fnglund, and P? .-Gje most ptl.arioria epoch in the history of .the/navy., 1' The Fomiroyutit Itua. had muny vicissitudes, even since her recovery, -from the Germans. In^tho Thames she hus been first -blowu ashoro in a. gulu, and then „run into by a .Pily^iog steamer, which, however, got the pyor'st of/it, and. left a Inrge piece .of her plat ring sticking in tho old hulk. Afteh-bcing on yiow for a short time in tho Thames tho Foudroyant will visit the Naval Exhibition at Kiel. It is intended during the summer tu sail her hack to England, and exhibit her at all riio principal ports in the United Kingdom. It is contemplated also that tho vessel should evontually visit the colonies and. -the United States. 