(TO THE EDITOIl 03? THE ' IKISH WEEKLY AND ULSTER EXAMINES.') Deaii Sm, — In your issue of 18th instant the charge of embezzlement preferred against George Reid, lato statiomnaster at Stewartstown, and which was heard at Omagh Assizes on Saturday last, is reported. In that report it is stated that Mr. Alex. M'Gugan, manager of the Ulster Bank here, said, in answer to a question by Mr. D. S. Henry, Q.C. : — ' The prisoner, who kept his accounts in the Ulster 'Rav-lr mot! 11/1/ of. nil timoB a ?nprfpnt'.l'e Knivenf. man.' This answer is incorrectly reported, and should read — ' The prisoner, who kept his accounts in the Ulster Bank, was at all times a perfectly solvent man.' Please have this mistake corrected, and oblige. — Yours faithfully, J. Porter Haiuiis. Stewartstown, 14th July, 3 396. Our Mr. George Reid cannot find an obliging bank manager to do the whitewashing business for him. When he did appeal to three big guns of the banking industry a fortnight ago, they declined to certify to his being ' a perfectly solvent man.' I notice that the editor of a new military publi cation and the miliUry correspondent of one of the London dailies have between them succeeded in stirring up a hot controversy as to whether a soldier can wear' his father's niedals on the right breast. The new editor of the new paper having started the question by his statement that the son might wear the father's medals, subsequently stated that there was nothing in the Queen's regulations authorizing Buch a custom, but that instances were known to him where commanding-officers allowed their men to wear their father's decorations in the way men tioned. The military correspondent retorts after this fashion — ' I am prepared to abide by what I said as to the right of commanding-officers to permit men to wear their fathers' medals on their right breast ; and I repeat that a man has just.aa much right to appear on parade in his father' s night-shirt ! I cannot conceive how any officer can have the ques tionable taste to wear a decoration which was earned, not by his own bravery, but by that of a dead man. The question was referred within the last few weeks to the War Office, and I have been permitted to see the reply, which is to this effect — ' No authority exists for an officer or soldier to wear, ab the discretion of his commanding- officer, the medals of his father on the right breast. When applications of this kind are received they are in variably refused.' ' This is conclusive. While their hands are in, I should like the London disputants to take up this question, ' Is Mr. J. C. Neild entitled to travel through England as a Major ?' As everybody knows, Mr. Neild was the prime maver in the recent formation of the St.' George's Rifles in Sydney. The new corps is al ready on its last legs, nearly all the officers and a good many of the men having resigned. Yet Mr. Neild, without attending a single drill or appearing on a single parade, has gone off to England with his general luggage, hi3 walking-sticks, his umbrellas, his hats, his pooket handkerchiefs, and his visiting cards branded ' Major Neild, M.P.' If the ' mili tary correspondent' of the London paper catches Mr. Neild swaggering about London as a Major, will he make any unkind remark about paternal night shirts ? The following, which is as amusing as it is in structive, appears in the Catholic Times (England), July 24 :— ' Mr. Kyrle Bellew, the distinguished and popular actor, who has just arrived in Aus tralia for his third colonial tour, is no stranger at thp Antipodes. He was for many years associated with the Melbourne Evening Herald, and was cele brated for his brilliant aud humorous articles in that journal. Remembered by many in the early days of the Kensington Pro-Cathedral, where he was a frequent and devout attendant, after the reception of his father and his family into the Catholie Church, Mr. Bellew has given evidence of hig Catholicity at the opposite end of the world, where his signature, in a fine Roman hand, may be seen attaehed to the illuminated address presented to his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, which hangs on the walls of the palace there.' Sydney Catholics have no reason to think harshly of the Anglican Primate, Dr. Smith. His Lordship has never lent his hand to stirrup strife, nor has he on any occasion brought himself into conflict with the Cardinal. His watchword is 'Peace.' Not, perhaps, 'Peace with Honour.' At any rate, Peace' with Respectability. But the kindliest critic of Bishop Smith must acknowledge that his Lordship sadly lacks the sense of humour which is requisite in a man of his position Surely no satirist could have so burlesqued a Protestant Bishop's address to his Synod as Dr. Smith himself did in solemn earnest last week. Listen to this (S. M. IIbralb report) : — ' In addressing you to-day I have had my mind move than usually solemnized by the thought that, in all ~' ' ' ' ?? ?? ?'? '-??—. p probability, I shall not be giving you ray periodical ' address next year. I have accepted the invitation of the Archbishop of Canterbury to be present at the great Lambeth Conference of 1897. The busi ness connected with that remarkable assembly of bishops of the Anglican communion, together with my own domestic affairs and preparation for bring ing back some of my children with me on my return, if God will, requires an absence of some duration. I do not purpose leaving Sydney until March, and I desire, if possible, to spend eight or nine months in England. My hurried visit in 1894 was one ot less than 12 weeks, and it did not, I think, cause any considerable break in my diocesan official engage ments. But this time I desire a longer interval, not only because of the matters above referred to, but because I feel that I do, in some measure, need a restful change from the incessant strain which the duties of my position here have imposed. (Ap plause.) If spared to the end of October, I shall have presided over 12 synods within the space of five years and eleven months. I have visited the principal ecclesiastical centres in every colony and every diocese, and I have held frequent intercourse with the parishes in our own diocese, besides keep ing up the constant office and committee work re quired in diocesan administration here. May the Holy Ghost, whose inspiration we invoke at the opening of every meeting of our synod, enable each and all of us strenuously to maintain our position as Christians, knit together in unity of spirit and purpose (even where precise unity of form and method are unattainable), and always finding needed correction and constant comfort in our one Lord and Saviour, who is ' the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever.' (Loud applause.)' The Daily Teleghaph makes his Lordship thus conclude : — ' His closing exhortation was simply a 1 reiteration of the earnest utterance which St. Paul j sent to the Church at Philippi — ' One thing I urge : * Let your conversation, your whole manner of life, be worthy of the Gospel of Christ, that whether I come to see you or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs that ye stand fast in one spirit with one soul, striving in concert for (or in concert with) the faith of the Gospel.' ^Loud applause.)' If our City Organist had delayed his leave of ab sence departure to Europe a fortnight longer, we ; should have had a grand ' Dubois Night' at the Town Hall. M. Wiegand has missed a big oppor tunity of celebrating the elevation of a personal \ friend and brother- organist to the highest musical ! position in France. By the last mail I have Avord ^ of the appointment of M. Theodore Dubois, com poser and organist of the Madeleine, to the direc torship of the Paris Conservatoire. He succeeds the late Ambroise Thomas, of 'Mignon' world-wide fame. The new director is a composer of excep tional merit. In 1861 he gained the Grand Prix de Rome by his cantata 'Atala.'' His 'Sept Paroles du Christ' (The Last Seven Words of Christ) has been sung in the churches of France in Holy Week since 1867\. Selections from this work, I may remark, have been given in St. Patrick's, Sydney, under M. Wiegand's direction. Dubois has been a professor of harmony and composition at the Conservatoire since 1871. Last year he produced a very fine opera called ' Xaviere.' He belongs to that school of de votional musicians of which Catholic France is the home. Since M. Wiegand took charge of our Town Hall organ many of the fine organ pieces bearing the name of Dubois have been heard, and always with pleasure and admiration. D.B. 