3?HE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. A The deteotiveiad-ilropped the paper telling Jiow ? Salv&toro; Cavaliere, the Long Branch Italian, marie his ' dwelling a storehouse of' plunder. ' jV ' Every house holds its mystery,' he began Itritdy. , \- L-- Then be told the story of a house he would not specify particularly. - !? ' I was detailed to watch it,' be went on,'' because there was something odd about its tenant. ' ^ A ? most respectable house in a most resDOctabie neighbourhood, it bad been sub Jet to cue William Smith, a small dark man with a - foreign accent. ? ? . r* ' He had paid six months rent in advance, in lieu oE reference, and as the dull summer season was coming on tbe agent bad not quibbled over this flight violation of his rule requiring references. Whence be came, what his trade, no one could say. The rent was paid in gold. ' ' After Mr. Smith had moved in — he ranted furnished — the . strange proceedings ^ began [which attracted the neigh boars' attention. Just after sundown - muffled - men began to appear at the door, which would open, reveal ing the dimly lit hall. ?, The* visitor entered. fNow tbe peculiar feature of the case was that AO one ever came out, while Mr. Smith existed iapparently» independent of the buteher and jbaker. If you rang, the manservant simply told you that his master was not in.-? But other persons evidently found him in. Three or four persons passed that threshold daily, never to reappear over it. Of course the neighbouring servants whispered marvellous tales of ghosts. ITyoa went and scanned the faces of those who entered, you found them to be apparently gentle men, with thin intellectual faces. : ?' Going up the steps the visitor would peer .about as if fearing observation. One of the double hall diors stood closed. While be waited he in^iriably stepped behind this screen nil til the ot.Lr door was opened. Then it shut ion liiui. You might wait all night and the next dav. as I have doue but the visitor never re appeared. The bouse, heavily shuttered, [presented an impassive front fco the 6treefc that ;told nothing of its mystery. ;? ' Naturally, I had theories of murder or other crime being committed there. But there were no reports of missing men and news paper personals gave no clue. Nor did we have any complaints or other evidence justifying a ?raid. Finally I decided to take the matter into cjy o-.vu hands. I did this by boldly going ;up the steps a third time — I had been told 'twice by the strange servant that Mr. Smith was tout. On this occasion I followed closely on the heels ot one of the visitors, who probably was .?destine--! never to appear a^ain. 1 rang, and after a few minutes the door was opened. The .same servant stood there. He was black, with the regular features belonging to East ^Indians or North Africans.' If yon ever venture as far esst as Constantinople, you may s«e men ,of his type iu the cosmopolitan street throng. The peculiarity of this man was his shining :bLack eyes that looked me through and through. He was iu the regulation black coat and white cravat ot the house lackey.' ** Mr. ^nnth ?' ' ' Sees no one,' he began in a slightly foreign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on the stairway. ' ' But some one entered a half minute i 'before me,' 1 began. On the other occasions I j -had asked who Ibis mysterious Smith who con- ; ceale.l an interesting personality very cunningly I glider that most commonplace name might t-e, ?what b s occupation, whence he came. On both Soccasions the door had slammed in my face. I ' This time I took the precaution to put my ifoct over the fill in such a way that the door -»uld not close. - The man attempted it. I stepped inside. Tbe door swung into its piace with a little metallic click. ' 1 fimriei th« -black eyes snapped angrily, but the ruan motioned me civilly into an adjoin ing room, This was an ordinary apartment furuisbed in the way of roomsin houses that are :snblet, where the bric-a-brac and essentials giving expression have been removed. * A lamp pwitb a reel shade lit tbe place. , ^ ; ?' ? Wait. I will see,' said the black. I - ' Presently he returned, this lime bearing a silver iruy, on which were a curiously-carved silver liecautcr and some glasses, with a plate of bi«cuite. The man made a sort of obeisance 'that bad in it something oriental, as if he had stepped out of one of the stories dealing with 'the-Cal-ph Hsroun al Kaschid. \- ' ' While you wait, won't you have some refreshment ? ' *? His accents were so suave that, forgetting any suspicion. I did not stay his band when he poured same liquid like claret into one of the long decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it -was a curious-tasting btvemge. For a moment i I thought it was molten fire. Then the black \ retainer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, and 1 lost consciousness. i i ?' When I awoke, 1 was on the couch in the \ same room Tbe lamp was still burning. I raised myself up. My head ached terribly. On a chair near me sat a little monkey grinning and chattering. 14. startled me at first, but ia my ?trade oue i-eases to be afraid, because back of everything, however mysterious, we are accus tom^'! f;rvi human cunning. ' 1 iu=-_. iLrew back tile shutters, and day light poured into the room. I bad been there all night. No one stirred except the poor little beast of a gibbering ape. I made my way to the ;outside door, seeing no one, and ran down the -steps into the street, tbe monkey following. ?? 1 returned with the policeman on tbe beat. .-We searched the house high and low. There ; was no evicieuce of occupsncy beyond that of the little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or' : even the silver decanter from which I, had drunk. About the ape's neck was a curiously carved iutie silver chain with some odd cabal ! istic device. At the Zoo in the park they told irie tbat be was of an Indian species. During ail my night stupor, what had be come cf the mysterious Mr. Smith and his -visitors r TLey were never seen lior heard of »£*in. The house was just an ordinary dwelt :ing on an ordinary street. ' But for nie it still' has an enigmatical expression of inexplicable ; ; mystery. ? : ? 