Latter-Day Olympics. The fact that a Victorian athlete has made his appearance in the Olympic Games and, apparently, romped over all competitors, is a circumstance calculated to soothe the pride of Australia and yet to stir its sense of humour. If shades, wandering on the Stygian shore, are capable of human emotions, what must the ghosts of those famous athletes feel, who once contented under the shadow of Mount Olympus for the parsley wreath, and to whom cities built statues, as they behold, with wondering eyes, a runner of strange race, and from unknown lands, beating all their records! A. line of games which begins somewhere in the Stone Age, with the figure of Zeus or of the Idiuan Hera^es, and ends with the popular Victorian amateur, Edward Flack of the Melbourne Grammar School Hare and Hounds, and the year of grace 1896, is surely a very wonderful phenomenon. The re-appearance of the Olympic Games in the age of steamships and railways, of bicycles and the sewingmachine, is a fact which has about it, for the average palate, a distinct flavour of humour. It confounds all cronology. It mingles things classic and things modem in a fashion very startling to the educated imagination. It is difficult, indeed, to picture a cluster of modern " professionals," fed on gate-money, and familiar with " odds," long and short, contending on Grecian soil for a parsley wreath. A leading " event " of the Olympic Games now in progress is a longdistance foot race from Marathon to Athens, a distance of 22 miles, and for which the King of Greece has offered a substantial prize. Along this hilly path, on the evening of d September day in B.C. 490, ran the sandalled feet of the messenger who carried to Athens the news that Miltiades with his tiny phalanx had overthrown the Persian Datis, with his many-coloured and many-tongued host, and so saved the Western world with its free intellect and free institutions from the slavery of the East. And now along the same road sound the feet—a little more heavily shod, but quite as swift—of " longdistance " professionals I Still " The mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea." But neither the sea, nor the mountains, nor Marathon has witnessed a sight more strange than this translation of the course of the runner who bore the news of the victory of Miltiades to Athens into a modern longdistance " event," with gate-money and a big stake. To melt down classic tradition into the terms of modern athletics many people will be tempted to think is a feat of very dubious quality. The revival of the Olympic Ganies in the nineteenth century has, of course, both a respectable authorship and respectable motives. An Inter national Committee has hatched the scheme; all sorts of distinguished authorities have given it their benediction. The actual reinstitution of the Olympic Games is being held at the present moment at Athens itself, and on the very spots where the athletes of classic days were accustomed to contend. There are to be I oat races in the harbour of the Pineus, fOot races in the actual stadium of Olympia, and, as we have noted, a long-distance foot race from Marathon to Athens. But. thereafter the Olympic Gatiles are to be an institution "on ^wheels." The Olympic Games of 1900 will be at Paris, those of 1904 in New York, of 1906 in London, and they may even in due course offer themselves to the delighted gaze of Melbourne. It is amusing to learn that in Greece, at all events, and during the present Olympic Games, all the conditions of the ancient contests are as far as possible to be reproduced. There must, of course, be very generous modifications, Bicycle contests, for example, will take the place ot the ancient chariot races. The rival athletes will no longer contend in a state of nature, or with oil-smeared bodies. Women were forbidden, under penalty of death, to look on the ancient games, or even to cross the River Alphseus while they were in progress. But we may bo sure that, during the present Olympic Games, feminine spectators, in the latest and most fashionable costumes, will put a glittering a> ; d rainbow-coloured girdle round what corresponds to the stadium. The statue s of winners in the ancient Olympic Gamee long stood in Athens, or in the sacred grove at Olympia, and lists of their names 5 , stretching through centuries, are ftill preserved. But, curiously enough, we have none of their "records "in the modern and technical sens so we cannot compare modern athletes with ancient. We do not in the least doubt, however, that the comparison would be wholly in favour of the modern athlete. If photographs of Sandow, the modern strong man, and the Farnese Hercules in the Naples Museum are put side by side, the living athlete, as a model of strength, excels the classic statue; and Flack's pertormance at the Olympic Games, as published in our columns the previous week, would, we suspect, have astonished an ancient Greek runner ; yet Flack's record of 1,640 yards in 4min. 83sec. is a very second-rate effort. The truth is that the average modern man is taller, stronger, swilter, and healthier than his ancient prototype. The investigations of the Anthropometric Committee, appointed by the British Association in 1875, destroyed a whole catalogue of foolish superstitions about the physical trend of the race. They showed, for example, that civilised man excels in all physical qualifications savage man. A regiment of British soldiers, if stripped naked, could outrun, and outjump, and outswim an equal number of savages of any race. The city dweller, in spile of general impressions to the contrary, has commonly a better physique than the rustic. The Anglo-Saxon race, in average height and weight, lakes the chief place amongst civilised racis; and the tallest body of men in the world, if we accept a few imperfectly observed South Sea islanders, is the British professional class. Their average height is greater than that of Patagonians, or of ihe negroes of the Congo. Between the ngos of 25 and 30 the average 'Briiish professional man exceed the average labourer or artisan by nearly three inches in height and more than nine pounds "in weight. Civilised conditions of life, that is, make for an increase of all physical qualities ; and this makes, it probable that the picked athlete of a.j>. 1896 could give "points" in every known sport to the corresponding atht te ot, say, b.c. 800. For ourselves, we vehemently suspect that an average football team, in good condition, would outrun, outjump, outkick, and outlast an < qual number of athletes from the age of Phidias or of Pericles, The football season is coming fast, aud when Brisbane and Toowoomba contend tng< ther, the «reen turf of the Exhibition will witness feats of skill and speed and endurance equal to anything ever seen under the shadow of Mount Olympus or on the banks of the sacred Alpbauus. 