PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE A8SEMBLY. Thursday, 30th January. The Speaker took the ohair at 2 p.m. THE RAILWAY BILL. The report on this measure was agreed to, end the bill wak rend a third time. The PREMIER moved that in olause A the worde "to bo imitated from gentle men residing in tho colony at the prcsont time" be omitted. As tho bill was introduced it gave the Governor in Council power to select n commissioner from any portion of the world. The committee, by a narrow majority, decided to limit the choice to Victoria. That being a very important alteration, and one which the Government thought unduly restricted its field of selection, it felt bound to a»k the House to recousider the quostion. Tbo Govern ment considered that tho provision previously inserted, that the selection should ba open, was the one that ought to he adopted It bo- Uevod that in a matter of such great import ance the Governmout should havo a full oppor tunity of selecting tho bsst man it oould find, no matter whether he was a resident of Vlo- toria, of an adjoining oolony, or of any portion of the world. It could see no justifi cation whatever for restricting the choico to Viotoria alone. The man who should bo ap pointed ought to bo fully competent and able to retrieve the oolony's prospeots in the mAtter of railway management. To say that tho Govern ment should not go over an arbitrary boundary for a man was absurd, especially when the Government had to take tho roHponsibility of the appointment. The Government ought, in faot, to have a free hand in tho matter. No doubt the amendment would u« bet fui ila uonvciiiaiioK. Ib wouid be e&Bier; for it if it were restricted by Par liament in its choice, but from a national point of view its action would bo stunted. In the true interests of the oolony it felt that a mistake had been made, and it felt justified in asking members to retroce their stops. Sir JOIIN M'INTYRE said it was unfair to esk the House to reverse tho decision of tho committee. lie thought they . oould find ns £ood a man in the oolony as in Any part of the world. As for the adjoining colonies, they Imd had to draw on Victorian talent, New South Wales haying secured one of our ..best men in Mr. Fehou. He himself would scaroh the world for tho lieBt man, but the committee hav ing arrived at a decision, he thought it would bo improper to attempt to make any altera tion. Mr. LONGMORB held that' the Premier was JlMjilaying JingoLm. "We had got ns good men, and a great deal better, in our own servioe ns wore to ho found anywhere also. Mr. SHIELS said the division in committoe last week was a very significant one, but lie did nottpprorc of tho leader of the Opposition cen suring the Governmout for asking the Houso to reverie tho decision when tho matter was con- liilored esHentinl, Ho was glad the Government war making the stnnd it had now takon up, for no one could blamo it for adher ing to a dietinot line of policy. Although ho had given hie vote for tho rtinetiduiont of the hon. momber for Ballarat Wojt, lie would be no party to national swaggor. Neither iu voice nor thought had ho given coun tenance to the delusion that Victorians wero wirtor or better than' people elsewhere. Rather would he say that in many spheres of activity And achievement wo wero laggard in the race for pre-eminence. That was hardly to bo won dered at, seeing that we were still in tho green vroo and lacked many of tho expedient of the nge. "Wo wero not yet in tho foremost flight, although in some pertinent we had had a gratifying success, juoh ns in athletics. Still, lie was convinced thnt wo had a bright futuro iu other direotions, end he recognised that stupid Conservatism ami i hide bound prejudice ornrnped our efforts and checked uh in our etrugglos to obtain a groater itnto of freedom. Nothing was more abhor rent to him than swagger or blow. That was a bad habit to encourage nroongit young Australians ; but there was one thing mill moro ohjcotion&ble;, namely, that truckling snobbery which pooh-poohed and attempted to depreciate overy thing colonial. (Hear, hear.) lis was utterly out of sympathy with that. There was a little of that snobbish spirit nctunting the Government in its oppo sition to the amendment of the momber far ffallar&t; West. lie hoard in it a tingling of tho jnumls whioh said that Victorian manufactures were shoddy, of our wine and spirits that they were not drinkable, and of our artisan and pro fessional men that thoy wero patellars And bunglcri. It wan in the samo spirit that some hon. member said that out of the 10,000 men in our railway service there was not one fit to givo tho Government loyal »nd efficient service In the position of Chief Commissioner. He would rather see the selec tion confined to Australians. Tho man would have to know local requirement and tho . poli tical condition, and thnt knowledge was not confined to Victoria, but to Australia. Tiiore- fiue, in the spirit of the nationality we hoped to achieve, ho suggested that the field of ohoico nhouM bo Australia. Supposing the Government won, ho 2.30 wa certain 'that in not a single case, unless secret influence wero at work, and ho licard they were, would, an Aus tralian candidate havo a chance of boiug selected. If tho Government hrought a heaven bom manager from England, then God help tho unhappy man. He would come to' lio on a bed of thorus, and not to re pose on a couch of roses. He might he a demi-god for a few years, hut would bo a devil afterwnrdfi. For a few year ho would be like u duck out of water, havo to unlearn what ltehad learned in England inordertodincoverhow to manage the Victorian railway ou the totally different conditions and principle from those that prevailed here. A man from England would como from a railway system free from Government control, where competition and pure commercialism reigned iu the effort to uey dividends, to take charge of national railways, worked on national lines. Ho would ho a man who had enjoyed such abnolute power that if he did not get sufficient revenue to pay dividends ho would cut dovrn salaries or dinmian men to enable him to do so. Would thoy allow Hitch n man to cut down wage or dimii men without recognising their right to compensation? (Hear, hear.) In England population was expanding, and manufacture and traffic increasing, whilst horo tho English railway manager would find tho colony in a worse position than that of marking time. Was it posiblo for suoh a man to increase tho traffio with the skies and sun ngainnt bim, or make the railways pny whilst shipwrecks lay around him as the result of the bursting of tho boom, whilst at the name time they Bhufc against him all chance of decreasing the expenditure? Cer tainly not, and if the selection of the railway manager were not confined to Australia, past history would repeat itsolf. Under tho Government proposal no Australian candidate would Imvu & ghost of a show. When they sob nsido the late Mr. John Anderson for two other commiiBionem who were Associated with Mr. Speight, and who wore entirely ignorant of railway management, thoy sowed the sqed . of crying injustice, from which they had reaped a harvest of annoyance, disappointment and loss; and tho Government proposed to sow another crop. It was no tribute to Aus tralian brains to say thero was not a man in tho Victorian railway servioo oompctent to inanago tho railways. He maintained there wa nt least one mail who was competent, but ho would not have a ghost of a bIiow if tho Government proposal wero osrriod. He had heard there were secret and powerful influences At work to secure the appointment for a certain mnn. The PREMIER : There is not a word of truth in tho statement. r- SIIIKLS wa« prepar«<l to Bay that in all probability tho influences bad not yet beon exer cised on tho Government. Mr. M'COLL; Thero are secret influences at work, and everyono knows who is the go betwveu. Tho PREMIER ; Then you had better tell u. Mr. M'ICENZIE : Tho Houao will got at the reoret between Ministers and ex-Ministers directly. (Laughter.) Mr, 8I1IELS remarked that tbo soldiers of fluonupnrte folt that oach one bad a field morsliul'rt baton in bis knapsack, and were thus rmunftfed to Achieve thoir most brilliant vicutrie. They should aot in tho mms manner in regard to the railway service, so that each (Nicer would bo animated with thedesiro to rle friun tho lowest to tho highest rung of tho ladder. Mr. HANCOCK regretted that the Govern ment nought to reverse tho decision arrived Jt by the House last week, when there was a full attendance of members. It was uot a snap vote that defeated the Government, and it was one that met with tbo general approval of the country. If the Government were allowod a free hand iu the selection of a railway tntnager, and ono wero obtained from England, thoy would not attract a first olai men, heoaune the fruits of a leading position on en English railway were greater than tboso to be obtained here. He was surprised that a businoss- hko man ah the Premier was oould not see that t wa impossible to secure a man from Eng- i <' whero railway maungement was so different from what It was In Victoria, who would bo able to make a success whero a great man made a failure. It was an insult also to the men at present in the railway servioe for the Government to go outhide and bring a man from England or the United States. Ho did not think that the best man m the colony oould be found in the Railway department, but there was no need for the Go- veintnant to go beyond Victoria. After the ex- presston of opinion given by the Houso in com mittee the other night it was not fair of the Government to bring the mattor up again. He r 'efNn6 tirod of opposing the Government, when it came to a question of tin sort the Go vernment, as a popular Government, should be moving in ftn opposite direction in- tead of feeding tho popular cry that nothing good evor camo out of Viotoria. The Houso should tako a dooided attitude in the matter. Victoria had now arrived at a state when, if the peoplo could not sny that they were better than anyono elso in the world, they had a right to feel that they were aa good. It wee a position that America had to adopt, thAt every new country bad to tako up — that wc should at least make the best of the material wo had in our own midst. He trusted the Premier would not attempt to take a snap divi sion on a matter of n much importance. Mr. R. M. SMITH said the proposition to eonfiuo tho selection to Victoria simply Amounted to this — that if a suitable man could riot be found in tho colony the railway ahould bo left ab they wero At prcsont. The principal thing wa to got a good mau, And therefore it stood to reason that the Area of choice should not be limited. If a good man could he found in Victoria be bad no doubt that the fellow feeling which existed among colonists would lead to the Appointment of that man. Mr. GRAVES pointed out thnt if the reso lution passed the other night were Again carried it would exclude from Reicotion Mr, Fohon, of New South Wales, who had been trained in the Victorian service, and also Mr. Stephen, a gentleman of Victorian railway experience, whose services were dispensed with many years ago. Ho thought tho resolution should bo altered so that it would include anyono resi dent in Viotoria, a native of Victoria, or one trained in the Victorian railway crvice. Mr. KIRTON remarked that nothing had occurred to cause a duturbenco of tho decision arrived at the other night, 'The men best qualified to Administer the Railway department were those who wero fAtniliar with the system. Why this desire to go outside the colony? The eArncstnciB with which ths Government put for ward this propoaal nhowcd a desiro on thoir part to go outside theoolony under any circumstance. It was well known that there were men in tho other colonies who were failures in their present I positions who would be Applienets for the pot of commissioner here, and thore wero powerful cliques in the colony who would support the appointment of these men. ' Mr. COOK : Do you charge the Government with desiring to appoint a failure ? Mr. KIRTON : I want to save tho Govern ment from committing a blunder. (Laughter.) Mr. MTCENZIE : You arc a public bene factor. Mr. KIRTON ; His only desire in limiting tbo choice to Viotoria was to see tho best man Boicoted, and tho boot man, ho thought, could be found in the colony. Mr. LEVIEN said it was not fair to 3.30 tho House thnt a question which bad been settled after it very long dehato in a full House should be again debated in a thin House, with tho object of snatohing a vote to roverso tbo provioun dtcision. He believed it would bo to tha best interests of the manage- meut of our railways that a guntloman should bo appointed Iiaving colonial experience. In his opinion, no officer of standing would now come to the colonies, much Iokh Victoria, after the treatment which was meted out to the best man who hnd already como horo from abroad. It was too muoh to say, however, that we had not a man here who wa capable of managing the railways. Tbo gentlemen who desired to go abroad and mako a fresh oholoo were the small section who imd already kioked out thu best man they could get from Enginnd. In a way' that was not very creditable to all con cerned. Appointments of this kind should not bo loft to tho control of snatch majorities, and the few prize whioh were to ha found within the service should not be deliberately bestowed aliioad. Mr. M'KENZIE held that hon, members hnd no right to say that a snatch vote was sought to bo taken. The Government had exprossly stated last week that it intended to try to roverse the decision then como to, and it was also sAid in the press ou Tuesday that suoh an attempt would he made. Ho had noticed that although tho hon. member for Ballatat West had advocated the federation of tiie Australian colonies and Imperial federation, he in the most narrow and provincial spirit wanted to limit tho seleatinn for the position to Viotoria. Mr. KIRTON : It has nothing to do with federation. Mr. M'KENZIE : The lion, member's atti tude on thi matter seemed to him to be a por tion which no federationist oould coimUtently take up. Tho hon. member had asked tho Government why it was not anxious to restrict its choico to Victoria? The answer watbecaiiao the Government wanted to gut the host man it could got in tlie world. Tho logical doduction from the argument of tho hon. member nnd his friends war that they were afraid to test the merits of Victorian against outsiders. Mr. LONGMORE : No. They want to put an nnd to the Jingoes. Mr. M'KENZIE : The hon, member for Dnn- deuong had two fad, namely, Jingoes and squatters. He did not sec how they could bo introduced into this question, however. Mr. KIRTON asked tho hon. tnombor for Anglesey why he wanted to go outside to make a choice ? Mr. M'KENZIE: Because it was pou3iblo to get a better man outide. Ho sincerely hoped tbo Government would be successful iu revers ing tho previous decision. Mr. WEBB. said the reason why the House wanted to rentiict the Governmout iti its choico was that a number of members had learned a lesson from experience. That experience was that every innn imported to deal with local questions hnd been a foiluro. The railways oould not have boon moro economically managed than they wero under Mr. John Ander son. Wo had local men of tho same kind who oould manage them with equal economy, if the vote wero carried, a tho Government wished, wo should repent an experiment of im porting a man whioh would rowult iu equal dis aster. The hon. member for Hawthorn wa perfeotly aware, as tho bon. member for Normanby had informed the House, that when Mr. Speight wa appointed ho was not tho man of tlie best experience offering. Mr. Speight was appointed- bcoause it was thought most politie to ohoose him. Mr. SHI ELS : Yes. Colonel Wallnoo was not appointed because hi. military rnuk' and train ing, it wa thought, would not be agreeable to tho ViotoriAU democracy. Mr. WEBB hoped tbo hon. members who voted to keep the appointment within Victoria on tho last occasion would not now go bohind their a of. The House divided on the question that the word proposed to be omitted stand part of tbo proposal. Ayes 37 Noes 38 Majority for omission of the words 1 ayes. Mr, Anderson, A.Mr. Kerr Mr. Salmon Anderson, J. Kirtou Sanaster Austin Langdon thiols Bnrrott- Lovien Btcrry Uoa?ley J.ougmoro Styles Bennett M'Coll Thomson Brmnluy M'Grcgor TrumvliU Cameron RirJ.MTntyro Webb Craven Mr. M'Lellau White, J. S. Graham Murphy Wilkin (irattau Outtrlm Winter Hancock PrcndergAst Zoz. Harris NOES. Mr. Aiulorson.W.Mr. Grnvos Mr. O'Neill , linker Gray Peacock Best OroMo Kogor Brako (Jnrr Smith, R. M. Hut ton Hiagins Smith, T. Chirusido Isaacs, I. A. Tavorner Cook ls:iac, J. A. Tucker Dcukin Ktmuctly Turner, n. Dulius Madden Turner, G. J. Duffy M'Cuy Valo Dyer M'lCunzio Wheeler Fink M'Lean Williams, II. Foster Motile Mr. KIRTON movod tho insertion of the words, "who shall be a resident of any of the Auetraiasinu colonies at the date of the passing of the net." That would viudicate his attitude .in relation to federation nt least. (Laughter.) The PREMIER again asked tlie Houso not to placo any limit on tho field of choioe. Mr. SHIELS supported tho amendment, whioh he laid he had intimnted, with the approval of those around him, of moving himself. Mr. GRAY said that while he disapproved of limiting.tho selection to Victorians, ho approved of Australasia being tho field of ohoice. Mr, TRENWITH wa glad they wsro to have auother vote, ns Australasia a a field of choice would be next bast to Victoria. Mr. ROGERS differed entirely from the last speaker, holding a he did that Australian rail way men were 20 years behind the rest of the woild. Mr. LONGMORE said he would not trust the Premier, entirely with the selection of a man, and would therefore vote for tho amend ment of the member for Ballarat West. The House divided on the question that the words proposed to be inserted be bo in serted. Ayes 41 Noes ... ... 36 Majority for limiting tho selection to Australasia 5 AYES. Mr. Anderson, A.Mr. Harris Mr. Rawson Andorson, J. Kennedy Salmon Austin Kerr Snngster Barrett Klrton Shicls Benzluy Lancdon Sterry Bennett Luviuti Style Brouiiey Lougmoro Thomson Cameron M'Coll Trciiwith Chirnside M'Uregor Webb .Craven Sir J. MTntyro Whito, J. S. Graham Mr. M'Lellau Wiikiua G rattan Murphy Winter Gray Outtrim Zox. Hancock Prcndurgait NOES. Mr. Anderson, W.Mr. Grose Mr. Rogers linker Gttrr Smith, R. M. Bust , Hipping Smith, T. Brake Isaac, I, A. Stauphton Burton Isaacs, J. A. Tavurner Cook Madden Tucker Deakin M'C.iy . Turner, G. Duffus M'KcnzIo Turner, U. J. Duffy M'Lean Valo Dyer Moulc Wheeler Fink . O'Neill White, A. W. Foster Peacock Williams, 11. Tha PREMIER moved that in clause K the word " two thousand" be omitted with a view to inserting tho words "tlirco thousand five hundred." The Utter waB the amount of salary originally proposed by the Government. Under tho principal act the chairman of the commts-1 sioners received £3000 nnd tho other two £1500 eaoli, or £6000 in all. Tho committee iiad In it wisdom out down tho Government proposal to £2000forthtfpiopoMcdflicglocomtnissioner,buthe thought hoD. members who voted for tbat sum had jn view tho confining of tho choice of a mau to Viotoria. Now it had been doeided to ex tend the fioid to Auutralnnia. If there were a competent man in that, limit for tho position they ought to givo him just na large a alary ns they would havo been prepared to give to any mau they might have brought from Ihe old world. Tho argument in favor of the smeller 4.30 salary being paid to a Victorian can didate was that ho would not have to break up his home, or be nut to the expense that would have to be borne by a man sclvotcd from another colony. If a man were selected from another colony he would have to broalc up his homo, and would not aceopt the position unless he received a good sAlnry, hence the reason why he pro- poed that it should be increased from £2000 to £3500. Mr. WEBB remarked that the Premier was unfair in his Assumption that whilst a Victorian candidate was only worth £2000 n year, a man selected outside the colony was worth £3500. The PREMIER: I did not asaumo any such thine. Mr. WEBB observed that £3000 was the Urgent sum ever paid to n Victorian Railway CoinmifMonsr, and considering this oirouin- stanco, together with tho faot that salaries all round had deoroascd 50 per cent,, a salary of £2090 wa quite sufficient to secure the services of a good man. Indeed, he maintained tl cy would get a better man nt a moderate salary than thoy wnnhj ?. larger ens because a 'ar»a salary led to a man forming social connections which tended to draw his mind off hi work. There wah a feeling, however, that the higher salary wa proposed because the Government had virtually selsotcd tbo men who was to fill the position The CHIEF SECRETARY (warmly) : That is not true. Mr. WEBB : It Is true. 'The CHIEF SECRETARY : It is not true. I repeat it. You old blatherskite. (Laughter.) . The MINISTER of MINES : That !b .true, anyhow. (Loud laughter.) Mr. LONGMORE : I it in order to call a member of tho Iiouso an "old blatliorskito"? (Roars of laughter, in which Mr. Webb joined.) Mr. GRAVES moved as an amendment to insotf tho words, "Such salary may be increased by an annual vote of Parliament to any sum not exceeding £3590." The PREMIER: That would be a direct interference with tbo rights of future Parlia ments Mr. GRAVES : If bo, I withdraw the amend ment, and wilt vote for £2000 a year. Mr. LONGMORE maintained that £2000 a yonr wa au ample sulary to comrncnca with, and if the manager wa a success Puiliament could be trustod to increase his salary accord- ingly. Mr. THOMSON said that if he thought the manager wa to receive £3500 from the start ho wouid not support tin Premier's amendment. He uhouid start at £2000, nnd bin salary in- crenNed, if ho was worthy, up to £3500. Mr. HANCOCK observed that men who re ceived £2000 a year during the bootn would bo only too glad to reoeivo £500 now, and though lie did not wish to trade ou thin fact, yet it wa patent to anyone that salaries had been reduced to suoli an extent all round, from the Governor down to the humblest groncr on tho railways, tbat £2000 a year was an ample e&lary; for a railway 'manager to receive. The salary given to tho late chairman of Railway Commis sioners — £3000 — was a boom salary, yet it was proponed by tho Premier to give the new Rail way Comminaioner £3500 a year. If ho liked lie could live on £250 to £300 a year, but if ho considered it nscoi(ary to join two or three oluhs and mix in tlie higheBt social oiroies then £3500 was not too much. But it had been shown in tho debato that they did not want a man of that sort. They wanted a mas of simple habit, wbo would avoid tlie follies of his predecessor, and that could only be doao by a man sitting down to hard work to reotify blunders. Mr. WHEELER suggested that a salary of £3500 should be put In the bill, with an understanding that the Government should make tho best arrangements possible with th« now Railway Commissioner. If they offered only £2000 a year they would not induce a good man who wa receiving £1500 a year to relinquish his poition for tho sake of another £500 aud double tho amount of responsibility. Such a man might bo induced, however, to take the position if ha were offorod £2500 a year. Mr. TRENWITH remarked that it was extremely improbablo the Government would undertake such a form of bnrgaioing as sug gested by tbs lent speaker. When the Govern- mint ndvortiRcd for nppliontions it would state the salary to be given, and tho man appointed would receive that italary. A the salary had to be fixed by somo uuc, Parliament, and not tho Government, a a section of Parliament, should do so. The ex perience of rcecut years allowed that they oould get ns good a man a could bo obtained for £2000 a year. When they were repudiating their agreement with the railway and femalo postal omployu by withholding their increments, and had reduced salaries all round, it was unfair to talk of increasing the salary that was received by the late chairman of Railway Commissioners from £3000 to £3500. Ho hoped tho House would remember that they wore calling upon tho poorest people in tho publio service to contribute 6d. per day out of what they ought to be receiving, in order that wo might pay a man £10 per day. Tho question wn whether the whole of tho people's repre sentatives were to decide this question as to what was to b» tho maximum salary that was to ho paid, or whether a sectiou of the Houso was to decide that point, Mr. HARRIS protested against Any higher salary than £2000 beiug paid for a railway manager. Tho amendment wa negatived. On clause I, Providing that actions against the commisMonor can only be taken in tho County Court, Mr. LANGDON moved an amendment to insert tho words "except for losses oaused by sparks from railway engine," winch he pro- poed nlioulil ho submitted to arbitration. Mr. GRAHAM seconded tlie amendment. The MINISTER of RAILWAYS looked on the amendment as nn nttcmpt to force on tho depnrtment a certain kind of spark arreiter, nuinburs of which wero constantly being sub mitted to the department. Mr. LANGDON : Nothing of tho sort. Tho MINISTER of RAILWAYS stated that sinco the department had reduced the amount of wood usedon the ongines in consequence of tho cheapness of coal, firs had hoen very few. Coal was infinitely safer thnn wood, and thore had been very few fire during the last three or four years. If the arnendmoiit was carried they should hnve to go into the whole question of .spark arresters, which might land the country in An expenditure of several thousand pounds. Mr WEBB could not sec what a spark ariestor had to do with the question. If fire look place in consequence of sparks from An engine the ufforor should be compensated. Mr. TRENWITH sympathised with the spirit of the amendment, and thonght.it was a pity thnt anybody should nulfor from any act of carelessness on tho part of the Government, but he saw a great deal of danger in this proposal. If persons were nblo to obtain compensation against the Railway department for iou in con sequence of fires caused by sparks from engines, the department would be absolutely helplos agaiut fraud. Tho incentive to get at tho Railway department would bo so great that tbo State would be continually mulcted in damages whioh it had no right to pay. While there might be a number of liros whioh originated from spnrks from ongines, ho had no doubt thore was a larger number which arose from other eauses, but were attributed to sparks. In tho future, if tho amendment was carried, ail fire would be put dowu to engines, and ho hoped the House would not subject the State to tho dangor whioh the amendment would involve. Mr. WHEELER did not know a more dan- gorous Amendment than the one proposed. If it were carried it would probably force the rait- way department to pay damages to the extont of £50,003 per year. Numerous as the fires were now, they wouid be 10 timos more nume rous if the clause was carried. It was a menaca to tho taxpayer, who would have to find the money. Mr. THOMSON thought all steps 5.30 possible Hhould bo taken to reduce tho ohance of fire. Mr. M'KENZIE could not help feeling sur prised at tho determined attitude assumed by the hon. member for Daylesford on the quos tion. He attributed it to the fact that it wa very difficult for any man who had once been in charge of tho department not to bo drawn into tho maelstrom of departmental prejudice. .Personally be was firmly of tho opinion that tho dop&rtmeut; often repudiated responsibility as to fires where it was in reality responsible. Tboro was very great disa&tisfaction; throughout tho country en the snbjeot. From what the hoo. membor for Richmond had said, it appeared tho department had got an inferior spark arrester, but it would not admit it, becauso if it did it would render itself legally liablo if a fire occurred. In order te protect itself the depart ment steadfastly refused .to make toy trials of spark arresters whatever. The MINISTER of RAILWAYS: On tho contrary, there is a trial going on now. Mr. M'KENZIE : If there is it ie the first for a good many year. Tho MINISTER of RAILWAYS : No. ' Mr. M'KENZIE said the amondment was a reaionnhlo one, and he would support it. Mr. LEVIEN thought the department had a good deal to contend with in combating the persistency of inventors. The hon. membor for South Yarra had something te do with patents, and lie understood the department had refuved to have anything to do with a proposal of bis to supply a cheap motive power by which uassonger could move trains along themselves by a sort of bioyoic arrangement inside the compartments. But the department would have nothina to do with tbat proposition. Mr. ROGERS said he had not proposed it to the department, but , it bad been tried in America and Franco. Mr. LEVIEN said it was impossible for the department to test the proposals of all in ventors. The MINISTER of RAILWAYS : We should have nothing else to do. Mr. RAWSON thought the amendment should he carried. He hold that no argument at all effeotive had been hoard against it. Sir JOIIN M'INTYRE thought tho Minis ter's contentions were not good. The carrying of the amendment would not involve any ex pense of an exceptional character. Ho hoped the Minister would eocept the amendment. Mr. GRAHAM stated be knew of two osees In his own district where there were fires last year, and the origin of them was proved to be the Railway department up to tlie hilt. It was only reasonable tbat somo method of sending such matter to arbitration should bo adopted. He would mippnrt the proposition. Mr. ROGERS supported the amendment, lie hold it wa only justice that Hometliing should be done. There was no neaessity for tho department to bn victimised if tho officers of the department did their duty. The fAct was that the old red tano and circumlocution which was abolished in Enginnd year ago nourished iu the Railway department, where the autho rities were fighting nlwayB against improve ment. He askod that the motion be earned, and justico be provided to some extent for the farmer. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. HARRIS remarked that all thsy sought to do wee to provide that when it was proved that damage had been caused by sparks from an engine an arbitration should decide the matter in Hsu of going to !awv because many persons preferred to suffer an. injustice rather than undergo heavy legal expenses. Mr. GRAVES observed that the matter was a most serious one. The Railway department did not deny that fires were caused by sparks from englner, but pleaded that all reaoonnble precautions were taken to prevent sparks leav ing the engines. It was unworthy of tho Minister of Railways to soy that tho object of the amendment was to induce the depnrtment to adopt a certain spnrk arrontcr. (Hear, hear.) There was not the least truth in suoh a state ment. (Hear, hear.) This was tho statement of a Minister who wa described by tlie hon. member for Dunolly as tbo figure 9 with the tail cut off— a mere cypher — (laughter) — whilst the hon. member for Kiohmond (Mr. Bsnnott), speaking of ihe same Miniter during the pre sent debate last week, said— — Tbo SPEAKER : The hon. membor is not in order. Mr. GRAVES: How so, sir? The SPEAKER: In referring to what was said in a previous debate. Mr. GRAVES: In our own House ? The SPEAKER : Yew. Mr. GRAVES said ho would obey the ruling, and would say that & department that lost £400,000 was administered by the weakest member of the Government — (Oh) — and one wbo was a failuro when Minister of Mines In n former Administration. (Oh.) His whole ad- miniKtration as Minister of Railways was the laughing stock of tho country — (Oh) — And thin wa the man who charged members supporting a bona fide proposal witli boiug actuated with a desiro to foist a certain invention on tho department, when, ae a matter of faot, the ohjeot was to give- relief to the Treasury, and to proteot people from en ormous legal expense when seeking to rcoovor damages from the Railway department, lie trusted the Promier would see his way olear to accept tlie Amendment, or some modification of it, and not be guided by a gentleman who wae not fit to administer the department. (Oh I and hear, hear.) Mr. SHIELS wished to know if the Speaker really meant that a membsr oould not refer to anything said in a previous debate on the same subjeat in the same session ; if so, it would soriously hamper discussion. He was afraid, when tho Speaker gave his ruling, that the remarks made by Mr. Bennott, which the hon member for Dslatito was nbout to rend, oould not bo quoted. He was not aware tbat Mr. Boanett's observations wera made during tlie previous week on the very same bill. The SPEAKER said that if tho full inten tion of standing order 8 was considered it would be seen that the hon. member for Delatite was out of order, because it provided that no member "shall read any re port of any subject mado in Parliament during the same session, unless that roport refers to the debate then proceeding." It was clear that the report the hon. member was about to road did not refer to the debate under disouaBion, benoe ho was out of order. The present question was different from the one that took place last week. Mr. M'KENZIE : How could last week's debato refer to tho present, seeing that it bad not taken place? (Hear, hear.) Sir JOHN M'INTYRE : Is this debate not a oontiuuance of last week's debate on the sama bill? The SPEAKER, : No, it, is not tho same debate. The amendment was agreed to without a division. At 6.30 p.m. the House adjourned for refresh ments. The MINISTER of RAILWAYS 7.30. moved the omission of olause S, which had been propped by the momber for Maryborough with regard to property let or leased by the department to tenants, and not used for railway purposes, being liable for munioipal rates. He remarked that since the . clauso was passed lie had consulted tlie officers of the department, and they badinformod him tbat tho adoption of the cIauho would eauso a loss to the department of £2128 per annum. It would also entail a great ex penditure in giving an acoount of the proper ties whioh wero liable for rates. Many of the tenants would throw up the properties if thoy had to pay the rates in addition to the rent. Mr. OUTTRIM said he would bo tho last person to impose a burden on tho Railway department, but he wanted the Minister to do justice to tho municipali ties throughout the country. Those properties which woro let to private perBo&a; for business or domcstio uses shouid bo liable to be rated in the sarao manner as ordinary property. There were shop, for instance, iu the rail way viaduct whioh were let to busi ness people, and rates ought to bo paid on their account. The clause simply pro vided that tenants of properties which were not used for railway purposes should bo liable to pay rates. He oould not see on what possible ground tho Minister asked him to withdraw his amendment. Mr. WHITE stated that if the olause pro vided for any future hnd lensed by the depart ment bsiug liablo to rates that would probably inset the object. Mr. T. SMITH said tbo Government would lose no revenue by the alamo, and it was only fair that it should be allowed to stand. Mr. WEBB moved au amendment to exempt from rating cottages used by tho railway employe. Mr. GRAVES supported the olause. Mr. GRAY said if the Government would accept tha suggestion of the hon. member for Albert Park it would accomplish all he -desired. The PREMIER stated that if the hon. mem ber would agree to the insertion of the word "hereafter " before " leases " the Governmsut would accept the amondment. Mr. R.- M. SMITH said whatever rates bad to be paid by railway tenants must eventually como out of the pocket of the Railway depart ment, because, if rates had to be paid, the rents would come down proportionately. Mr. ZOX agreed with the proposal of tho Premier. He did not see that Government pro perty should be exempt from rates in certain lusts nee. Mr. OUTTRIM Raid he would accept the amendment proposed by tbo hon. member for Rodusyand the Premier. The word proposed to be inserted were agreed to, and the clause as amended was adopted. Mr. J. S. WHITE movod a new olause— That all property vested in tho Railway Commis sioner, ami leased or rented, shall be subject to the municipal hy-laws and regulation to the same extent and in like manner as all othor properties owned by private persons. The PREMIER said the whole object to be gained by the hon. member would bo served, if the Minister iu charge of tho Railway depart ment intimatod to the commissioners that in all cases whero thsy leased land tbo lesseo should bo required, if he desired to erect buildings, to submit plans to tbo municipality aud allew it full time to ohjeot. Mr. T. SMITH thought tho suggestion hardly went far enough. In oases whero the Govern ment had l&uil; not under control of tho Rail way departmont when nuisances had been noted contiguous to it, private people owning the property opposite bad besn made to pay the whole cost of removing such nuisance. That was not fair. Tho PREMIER said Government land in general oould not bs dealt with under this bill. Mr. J. S. WHITE accepted the Premier's offer, and withdrew his proposed new olause. Mr. GRAVES said he had ascertained that tho Railway department had lost by the com peting operations of tho Harbor Trust £319,288. AU the goods whioh wero brought up the river of ooursc did uot havo to pay railway freight, and tbo greater part of tho goods ooming to the port were brought up tho river. Notwithstanding tho loss tbus oaused tho trust was allowed to collect dues for tho use of the railway piers. No wonder the railways did not pay. The Houso had passed a bill empowering the trust to compete with the railways in that way, and it bad also legislated to allow of tramway com petition with tho railway. The Premier had informed him tbat he could not cntsrtalu a proposal be had made, and in thefaoeof that 7 ho begged to withdraw it. Mr. R. M. SMITH wished to know 8.30 why the clauso adopted at the sug gestion of the hon. member for Joli- mont, and providing that day laborer who were five years continuously employed on the passing of the bill into law should become permanent employes, was restricted to day laborers only?' There were other employes whe should be con- ccdod the same privilege. Tho PREMIER, explained that when the. Amending Railway Aot was passed in 1893, Parliament passed a olause providing that day laborers who had.beon, at tlie time of the passing of tbo measure, employed con tinuously for two ycArs Hhould become permanent employes. There wore only 64 men affacted, 'and tho privilege wa not extended to other employes, as they were required to pans medieal and competitive examinations beforo thoy could enter the scrvicr. If it had been proponed in 1893 to apply the principle to all employes the concession would not have been granted. The proposal of the hon. member for Jotimont simply extended the privilege from day laborers who had bson two . years in the service to those who had been five year. Tiie motion for the third reading was agreed to, the bill passed, and transmitted to the Leg islative Council. THE ESTIMATES. Tho Houso went into committee of supply to further consider the estimates. On the vote "Salaries, Minister of Mines and Water Supply department, £29,866," Mr. M'COLL directed attention to the fact that Mr. Travis, an excellent officer— (Hear, hear) — but only ratod In the third class, was per forming the diitits of Aotiug Secretary for Mines in a highly oreditable manner — (Hear, hear) — yet he wm only £459 s y;ir, less the percentage reduction, whilst the previous Secretary for Mines reoeived £792. It must also be borne in mind that Mr. , /Travis was also per forming tlie duties of Secretary for Water Supply without any increase of salary. It was a sorious cause of complaint that the heads of departments were not treated alike. For in stance, Mr. Me&kin;, the late Seoretary for Water Supply — a muoh inferior pssition to that of Seoretary for Mines — was promoted to tha Under-Treasurership, then rained to the position of a first class officer, and given tho maximum Hslary of tUoUnder-Treasurer. Now Mr. Travi, though raised to thepostof Acting Secretary for Mines and given the extra duties of Seoretary for Water Supply, not only reeeivsd no increase of salary, but was not raised from the third class. That was a most unjust proceeding. (Hear, hear.) Sir JOIIN M'INTYRE remarked tliafc Mr. Travi only received £450, yet the sum set down for tbe Ssorotary for Mine wn £792. The estimates were, therefore, misleading. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CRAVEN bore testimony to the valuable work done by Mr. Travis, and the inadequate tmlary paid to him, especially considering that he was also Secretary 'for Water Supply. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WEBB Bald that whilst he objeoted to an increase in the salaries of tho higher paid officers, whilst the 5. a day men were cut down, ho considered Mr. Travis should receive £500 a a year. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KIRTON had no hesitation in saying that Mr. Travis was one'of tho mot capable officers in tho ssrvico. He was worth £1000 a year, and ho would support «uoh an increase. Mr, M'LELLAN said it was degrading to pay a Secretary for Mines only £400 a year. (Hear, hear.) The MINISTER of MINES agreed with the oulogium passed on Mr. Travi, because he fully deserved them. (Hear, hear.) Ho admitted that when the positions of Secretary for Mines and Seoretary for Water Supply were amalgamated they made a saving of £1720 a year, and he would have been glad to raise Mr. Travis's salary, but the state of the finanoea then was such that it could not be done. He certainly was deserving of a bettor salary, and he would tako an early opportunity of trying to put him in the position he should ocoupy. (Hear, hear.) s j. Mr. BURTON also spoke in tbo highest terms of the excellont work done by Mr TraviB, and it would be only doing him justice to in- orease his salary. Mr. STERRY, referring to tho matter of in spectors of mines, said tho bsst men obtainable should bo appointed to these positions, and in any future appointments Parliament should in sist on men being selected with the highest attainments. He took exception to tho appoint ment lot Mr. Ronaldson in the room of Mr. Graingor a inspector. Tho MINISTER of MINES stated that Mr. Ronnaldson'h&d; tho highest qualifications for tho position of inspector, and he was perfeotly satisfied with the way in which Mr. Ronaldson had discharged the duties. Mr. LEVIEN complained that the Govern ment Geologist had. declined to visit a reef in Gippsland discovered by some of bis con stituents. He was forced reluctantly to the conclusion that favoritism was shown in allot ting Mr. Muriay'e services to different parts of the country. The MINISTER of MINES replied that this was similar to dozons of cases whioh constantly came before the department, and if tiie depart ment wa to deal with all suoh applications it would require, not one, but a dozen Government Geologists. If the department was to take up every caso it would mean that the officers would not be engaged upon national work, but looking after the interests of private indi vidual. (near, hear.) Mr. LEVIEN still held that an officer should bo doputcd to visit tbia country and present a general report ns to the prospects. Mr. MOAY drew attention to anomalies whioh existed in regard to miners procuring timbor for mining and domcstio purposes. The MINISTER of MINES stated that he was in consultation with the Minister of Lands to see whether timber areas in mining districts should not bo placed under the Minos depart- mant. If that was done, probably many of the difficulties which now existed would be re moved. The vote was agraad to, Ou division No. 73," Frospsoting for gold and coal, £21,500," Mr. HANCOCK regretted that thia amount had not beon increased instead of being reduced from £34,000. He thought it a great pity that the diamond drill was not ssnt to many places in different parts of the coun try where it was urgently required. He hoped iihe House would insist on 9.30 more money being spent on prospect ing, and would say that thereduotion of the vote by £12,5C0 was a step In the wrong dircotion. Mr. OUTTRIM oonourrtd to a very great ex tent with what had been said by the hon. mem ber for Foot&oray.; Governments had been cur tailing tbe mining vote too muob lately. It seemed extraordinary thnt a reduction should havo been made on ths very small vote of last year. Recently an important mine, the Grand Duke, had stopped working iu his district. Tbe pump had besu drawn and the water was now rising at the rate of 1800 gallons a minute The Minister, he thought, should secure from the directors of the Grand Duke a plan of the workings. It was desirable another CreBwiok flooding disaster should bs avoided. An adjoin- iog company, the North Duke, had driven within 16 feet of the Grand Duke boundary. The water would soon bo up to the North Duke workings. He had represented to the Minister at a recent deputation that if tbe Grand Duke conneotions wore kept open there would be no danger to tho North Duke miners. It was a raoBt important , matter for the safety of the lives of a large number o'f meu that the Miniatcr should take action, and ho would like to know what the Minister proposed tfb do. Mr. KIRTON regretted that the mining vote should have been curtailed this year. Hon. members had held that tbe Minister of Mine had shown a partiality for spending money in his own district, but he did not share in that opinion. Mr. K. M SMITH : What an extraordinary thing? (Laughter.) Mr. KIRTON said he did not know whether the hon. member for Hawthorn meant tbe sup posed partiality wae an extraordinary thing, or the faut that he (Mr. Kirton) did not think tho Minister of Mine had besn partial. Mr. It. M. SMITH : Tha alleged partiality. Mr. KIRTON advocated a further expendi ture in prospecting than what was . proposed to keep men from going to Coolgardie or leaving the colony for want of work. It was becoming the practice for individuals interested in mines to ask the Mining depart ment to allow its expert officers to report on their mines, and to use the reports to attract British capital, and it would be doing the coun try a great deal of good If the praatice were more largely followed, for in that way it would lead to a large inoreaae in the gold yield of the colony. Mr. SALMON urgsd upon the Minister tho desirability of increasing tbe prospceting vote, assisting co-operative parties to go out and search for new reefs, and making flying surveys between different parts of the colouy whore reefs existed. The Minister should also do something to secure the safety of the minere in tho North Duke Company, at Timor, where the water had become a serious difficulty. Mr. M'GREGOR protested against the re duction of the prospecting vote, and held that if the mining members were to obtain justice they would have to bo .more united than they had been in the past. (Hear, hear.) Something should be done in regard to tho tributing system, which should properly be oalled tbe sweating system. (Hear, hear.) He had obtained the balance sheet of a Ballarat company — and it was a fair sample — which bowed that the miners working on tribute obtained £2803 worth of gold, out of which tbo company deducted £1086. Un less the tributing system was altered >ery few minere would be left in Ballarat in a few years. (Hear, bear.) The money ex pended in diamond drill boring had nob been a profitable investment, hence the £5000 set aside for thAt purpofo uhouid be devoted to other forma of piospeoting He trusted that one of the first measures introduced next ses sion by tho Minister of Mines would be a measure dealing with the tributiog system, which, as at present conduct od, was a disgrace to civilisation and a blot on tho colony of Vio toria. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. GROSE joined with other members in regrettiug that the mining vote had been re duced, and thought that if it had been kept up to tho original amount it would have reoeived the support of hon. members. (Hear, iio&r.;) The reduotien of the vote wa suicidal at a time when so many enter-, prising miners wero leaving for other fields. (Hear, bear.) In these circumstance it behoved the Mines department to do all it could to arre«t this outflow of population. (Hoar, hear.) With regard to tho sum of £15,000 for testing plant, tho department would act wisely if it ereotod small crushing batteries which could be used by prospeotiug parties in new country. He knew several exporionced miners ready, if the department would erect batteries, to go into the ranges and prospect for quartz reef. The difficulty now was that after finding a reef there was no place within a reasonable distance whore tlie stono could be tested. For instance, the hills between Black Hill, Ballarat and Ores- wick were full of quartz reefs, many of which contained gold. If a battery wero. ereoted in the centre of that country for tho use of prospectors, they would see in a little while a number of good reef oponed up and employment found for a large number cf men. Another matter that should engage the attention of the Minister was that rolatinfe ; to tho drainage of deep alluvial leads. In his (the speaker's) distriot there wero a number of leads which, in trending north, were becoming sodsepthatitwas difficult to cope with the water, and if the State were to erect a large pumping plant ahead of tho mines it would drain the lead, and do an immense amount of good Mr. STERRY suggested that the Minister should subsidise parties of throo or four men ou tho same lines as was doao in connection with village settlement. If men wero guaranteed subsistence they would readily go prospecting, and excdlent results would no doubt be achieved. Gippsland was tho district which above all others should receivo the attention of tho Mines department. Ho fully agreed with all that had been said as to the necessity for the vote being increased. Mr. HAMILTON was disappointed that no Amending Mining Bill had boon brought in te reliove the difficulties under whioh tributers labored. He msotioned a case in which eight tributers had obtained £70 worth of gold, but after paying all exponsss and royalty to the owners of tho mine tbey had only £18 to divide amongst them for their month' work. A great deal was said about sweating, but ho ventured to say there wa nothing mentioned in connection with the Faotories' Bill which wa worse than the case he had quoted. Monoy was availablo for sugar beet works and wire nettiog, but no money was availablo for mining. He complimented the Minister on the admirable manner in which he had conduotsd the department, but the Govern ment was making a mistake in so seriously cutting down tlie prospecting vote. Mr. BURTON intended to put the sincerity of bon. members on this matter to the test by moving to reduce the vote by 1., bo as to indi cate to the Government that £5000 should be added to tho vote with the view of small parties of prospectors being sent to pArts of tbo colouy that were known to be auriferous. The MINISTER uf MINES asked the hon. member not to press for the reduction of tho vote. The Treasuror, he had no doubt, would iuorease it if he could. (Hear, hear.) He drew attention to the faot that all tbe other estimates had been reduced. The results of boring by diamond drills had not beon so satisfactory as to justify tho expenditure inourrcd on that work hitherto, although 40 miles of leads bad through tbem been traced Perhaps it was mainly owing to want of money to follow up the indications discovered by bores that the results had not been what was hoped for. In reply to the hon. membor for Maryborough, ho had to annouueo that he had delayed the withdrawing of the pumps from the Grand Duke mine until he bad satisfied himself that their withdrawal would not endanger the lives of miners in the North Duke mine. Ho would not Beize the wood on the Grand Duke mine for any departmental claim if it were proved the company had not paid the men who provided it. (Hear, hear.) The amend ment of the law as to tributing would receivo his earnest attention. He had received one application to aid mining of a national character, namely, from the Langl Logan Company at Ararat. That application would bo entertained. (Hear, hear.) If the Government efforts to aid the oompauy were successful, it would open up a very largo gold field. The Government had made itself co-partners with the company in consideration of rendering assistance, and would tako precautions to see the compauy paid up its share of tho expense. It had also introduced the new principle of re serving contiguous lands in the Government control, so that tbe State might get somo advantago if thore were any good discovery made. In reply to the hon. member for Cres- wick, he had to say that if he could see his way to establish small batteries in tho localities indicated by him on a business basis be would be very clad to do so. If tho hon. member for Btawell would withdraw his ameudment, tbe hou. member could rely on him doing all he oould to influence the Treasurer to iuorease the mining e»Umates. Mr. CRAVEN thought more attention should be given co tbe north-eastorn portion of tho colouy in tho expenditure of the mining vote. Mr. AY. ANDERSON considered that whilst now oountry wsb being developed by Govern ment aid in tho mining industry, the better knowu portions of tho colony should not bo neglected. Muoh was yet to be done on the old gold fields. He hoped the first measure brought down next session would be a bill to remove tbe anomalies of mining law. Mr. WHEELER hoped the Minister of Mines would be successful in iuduciag the Treasurer to increase tho mining vote, and in that way tend to put an end to the exodus of population to West Australia. (Hear, hear.) Tbe mining resources of Victoria were superior to those of tbe western colony, but tbe people of Victoria were not true to thomselves in allow ing so much capital to be diverted to a field that could not bo compared with Viotoria. (Hear, hear. ) Mr. HARRIS was astounded at a statement of the hon. momber for Windermere that Gippsland was only just coming to the front. (Hear, bear.) He certainly could uot he aware that Walhalia alone had turned out over 30 tons of gold; that its miues were more flourishing than when they were opened nearly 30 years ago ; and that a number of rioh mines had been opened up between Walhalia and Woods' Point. (Hear, hear.) He sincerely regretted that the vote had buen reduced, and as the mining industry was calculated to lift the oountry out of its diffionlty he trusted the vote would be increased. (Hear, hear.) He wanted to know if tho Minister could sec his way clear to have an underground survey made of Cohen's reef at Walhalia. Mr. PRENDERGAST asked the Premier to allow progress to be reported. Mr. BAKER hoped tbe House would sit all night in order to get the summer session finished as soon aspossible. Something should be done during the recess to curtail the talking that wae indulged in by about a dozen members. The PREMIER thought (he minlog estimates should be finished that nigbi. The vote was agreed to, as were also tho other divisions, and the entire vote, amounting to £76,191, was adopted. ADJOURNMENT. The House, At 11.35 p.m., adjourned until the following (this) day, at 10.30 a.m. 