CONSECRATING A BISHOP. DR. MAHER, OF PORT AUGUSTA. AN IMPOSING SPECTACLE. The translation of I)r. O'Reily to the arcliiepiscopate of Adelaide left vacant the throne of the See of Port Augusta, Early this year His Holiness the Pops appointed the Rev. James Mailer, of Pekina, to the vacancy, and on Sunday. April 2<j, the new Bishop xx-as consecrated at St. Francis Xax-ier's Cathedral. An interesting coincidence is that the new Bishop was consecrated exactly eight years aftor his predecessor was, on the Feast of St. Philip and James, invested with the robes of his high office at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. The consecration of a Bishop must take place either on a Sunday or the feast of an Apostle, because it lvas the duty of a Bishop to folloxx' in the footsteps of the Apostles. It is necessary that at least three Bishops should be present to offer up their prayers for the Bishop-elect. Consequently three prelates came from the other colonies to assist in the ceremony—the Bishop of Ballarat, the Rev. D.r. Moore; the Bishop of Sale, the Rev. Dr. Corbett; and the Bishop of Sandhurst, the Rev. Dr. Reville. The Cardinal himself, and other high dignitaries, would probably have come over too had not the consecration of Monseignor Verdon as Bishop of Dunedin kept them in the eastern colonies. An immense congregation gathered in the Cathedral to witness the ceremony. An imposing ceremony it was, as might be expected of such an important event as the investitures of a Bishop of a Church so rich in ceremonials. At 11 o'clock the visiting prelates and the attendant clergy and acolytes marched in procession into the sanctuary, the gorgeous colours of the robes of the high dignitaries blending with the black robes of the priests and the purple gowns of the altar boys to make a brilliant picture with the altar in the background. The High Altar had been lxiautifully decorated with flowers and rich draperies by the Sisters of Mercy. There were present in the sanctuary Archbishop O'Reily in the throne; the Bishop-elect, Dr. Maher; tho Bishop of Ballarat, Rev. Dr. Moore; the Bishop of Sale, Rev. Dr. Corbett; the Bishop of Sandhurst, Rev. Dr. Rex-ille; Archpriest Nevin, Archdeacon Russell, the Rev. Father Vincent, O.P., Superior e of the Passionist Order ; the Rev. A. Reschauer, S.J., Superior of the .Jesuit Mission : tho Rev. Fathers J. H. Norton, W. O'DoxvIing, S.J.. T. J. Carroll, S..)., P. Cleary, and R. Doyle, from the Port Augusta Diocese; and the Rev. Fathers Williams, Healv, Enright, F. O'Neill, Martin, Delahunty, Landy, Cosgrove, McriVov, Hurley, and Comes, and others. Archpriest Nexm and Father Enright attended on the Archbishop, Archdeacon Russell and Fathers Hurley and Murphy on the Bishoo of Sale, Father Williams on the Bishop of Ballarat, Father F. O'Neill on the Bishop of Sandhurst, and Father Cosgrox'e on the intended new prelate. The Rev. W. J. McEvoy was the Director of Ceremonies. The Bishop-elect celebrated mass on the Altar of the Sacred Heart, with Bishops Moore and Reville as deacon and sub- deacon respectively. On the High Altar Dr. Corbett was tlio celebrant, Father Hurley being deacon and Father Murphy sub-deacon. The ceremony began immediately with the vesting of the consecrating Bishop, the Bishopeleot. and the assistant Bishops at tho Altar of the Sacred Heart, aud for three hours and a half the sanctuary presented an imposing spectacle whether the gorgeously robed prelates were in repose or mo\\-ing about as the ceremoniesdemanded. Archbishop O'Reily having entered and taken Ills seat on the throne, the consecrating prelate, Dr. Corbett, sat down before the centre altar. Then the Senior Assistant Bishop, Dr. Moore, of Ballarat, rose and addressed the consecrating Prelate thus (in Latin, of course);—"Holy Church demands that this priest present be raised to the episcopate." The consecrating prelate demanded tho lengthy Apostolic briefs, which were produced and read by- Father Norton, of Petersburg, one of the senior priests of the Pore Augusta Diocese. The Bishop-ele.'t noxv genuflected before Bishop Corbett, aud road the oath prescribed in the ritual. The examination concerning the faith of the Holy Trinity, which is commanded by the head" of the Catholic Church for such occasions, followed. The Bishopelect was interrogated by Bishop Corbett, who has a rich, powerful voice, upon the titles and morals befitting the government of the high office he has been called to fulfil. The examination pointed out to him how lie must demean himself when established in his new rule; while, lastly, the examination renders irrc-prehensible those who afterwards gave the consecrating imposition of hand:-. c)ue of the questions whicli the lht hop-elect had to ausxx'er breathes forth the spirit of the Christian Church. "Wilt though, for the sake of the Lord, be easy of access and pitiful to the poor, to the | stranger, aud to all that are iu need: to which was given the answi " I will.' Altogether the new Bishop had t less than seventeen question^, The exam: nation concluded, ilass was begun on the High Altai- and tlie Altar of the Sacred Heart. Dr. Corbett xva.s the celebrant on tho High Altar, and he xvas attended by Fathers Hurley and Murphy us deacon aud subdeacon respectively. Bishop Maher xvas the other celebrant, with xvhom xxere Bishop Moore (deacon) and Bishop Reville (suudeacon). The Masses xxere continued as far as the epistle, the choir taking purt in the service for the first time by singing t&e; "Kyrie'' and the beautiful "Gloria in exeelsis Deo." After the epistle Dr. Maher was once more conducted by Bishops Moore and Reville to the presence of the consecrating prelate, who said to linn in Latin--" It is the Bishop's oiiice to judge, to interpret Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to oiler sacrifice, to baptise, aud to confirm." Immediately, xvhile ex-ery one else in the \a.st building, froin the Archbishop to the smallest child, knelt the Bishop-elect prostrated himself at the left of the consecrating prelate aud remained prostrate whilst the Litany of the Saints xvas chanted by Fathers Norton and O'DoxvIing and the thoii. This prostration xxa-s typical of tlie fulness of self-sacriticiug life and humility xvhich should inspire the new prelate. Tho Litany and prayers concluded, all faced the altar, and the " Vcuii Creator ' xvas intoned. At the end of the Litany the Book of the Gospel xvas placed on bis neck and shoulders, to shoxv rhat lie xvas to be the keeper of the faith entrusted to him. After tho iirst verse of the Veni Creator Bishop Corbett anointed the head of the new Bishop with the Holy Chrism, forming the .si;,'ii of tlie cross on the crown, and then anointuig the remainder of the crown of the bead said—"Be thv head anointed and consecrated in the Order of High Priest bv heavenly benediction in the name of the Father, Son. and the Holy Ghost." Next the hands of the new prelate xvere anointed and bound up xx-ith whits linen by the consecrating Bishop, xcho finally blt^sed the crozier and handed it to Dr. Mailer, who subsequently presented to the Bishop of Sale txvo lighted torches, txvo loaves, and txvo barrels of xx-ine. Each of these portions of the ceremony had its special significance. The chrism xx-itii whicli he xvas anointed xvas a mixture of oil and balsam, the oil signifying purity of conscience and the balsam the sweet odour of a good name. The crozier which was handed to him is the emblem of his pastoral office, while the ring xvas the emblem of his priestly oflice and of the union betxveeu the Bishop and his Church, just as the book of the Gosjxd is the emblem of his teaching office, and the bread and the xvine xvere typical of the essentials of life, xvhile the wax caudles xx-ere the mystic representation of the sacrifice xvhich the Bishop made of himself to the Church. Tlie new Bishop and Bishop Corbett at the same altar continued the Mass. aud directlv afterwards at communion they partook of the same host and of the same chalice. Towards the conclusion of the Mass Dr. Corbett blessed the mitre, whose shape is emblematic of the two Testaments, xvhich xx ill henceforth be xvorn by the new Bishop. Dr. Maher xvith the crozier in his hand xxas then conducted doxx-n the main aisle of the Cathedral by Bishops Moor? and Rex-ille, and he imparted his blessing to the congregation. The list gospel having been said, the uexxly con- secrated Bishop Ravo tho solemn Pontifical blessing, and the ceremonial was concluded with the singing of the "To Dcum.'' The sermon wn? preached by the Kev. A. Dietel. S.J., of Noixvood. who, basing his remarks on Acts aiu., gave an eloquent and powerful address, in xvhHi be referred to the spiritual significance of the erremony. The musical portion of the function was entrusted to the male choir of the Royal Comic Opera Company, under (he baton of the well-known baritone, Mr. Sydney De.me. Mr. Charles Beethain was entrusted with the onerous duties of organist, and notwithstanding the somewhat vague cauacity of the instrument he succeeded in producing such a volume of melody as the ancient reeds have seldom given forth. The study- eiios-en was Mercadante's Mass, which hitherto, owing to the intricacies and difllcultics of the music, has only- been rendered in Australia by the operatic company's chorus. Thechoirconsistedof Messrs. S. Deane, W. Neilsun, P. Behan, W. Balfour J. Briggt, R. Keilly. W. Rosevear, W. Beaumont, Stannous Leslie, and F. Young. The solos were rendered 11- every instance with the precision and taste for which the members of the Opera Choir baxe become famous. The "Gloria" xvaa sung by Messrs. Neilsou. Behin, and Leslie (tenors) aud Brigrrs (bass). The " Et Incarnatus" was beautifully sung by Messrs. Neilsou and Balfour (tenors) and Leslie (bass). The "Sanctus"' was a choral number, the solo part being sung by iMr. Briggs (bass). In the "Beuedictus" the fine deep notes of the primo-basso of the compauv, Mr. Leslie, rang out with a charm that wi'js entrancing to the xvorslnppcrs. The solo of the "Agnus Dei" was rendered by Mr. Neilson, and in the mez^o-voce parts the excellent quality 7 and timbre of the tenor were thoroughly appreciated, the credo in particular being a magnificent instance of fugue work. The members of the Opera Choir propose to gix-e the public an opportunity of hearing them in sacred music at a concert to be held at the Toxvn Hall on Sunday week, xx-hen the full strength of the chorus will in all probability be assisted by one or txvo of the principals of the company. 