Local and General News \- — : V - ' The attention of the Northam Municipal Council should be at once given to that por tion of- the Irishtown main road which is under their jurisdiction as it is in a very had i condition indeed. The same road is now being repaired by the Northam Roads Board, but the manner, in which - the work is being carried out cannot be too strongly condemned ; ruts are being tilled up with large baulks of ironstone, and heap-s of the same metal have, been placed in the crown of the road -to min horses' feefcand to render driving thereon a . species of undeserved punishment. The road-making is of the most primitive description, and enough to shock the ghost of -Macadam. Messrs.- Throssell, Sob and Stewart's land sale, advertised for to-night in the Grand Hotel, is- postponed until the auc tioneers announce the receipt of litho plans! of the property to be submitted. j His; Lordship Dr.- Riley. Angliean Bishop I of Perth, will lay the foundation stone of S. John's Parish Hall, on Wednesday, 6th of j January, 1897, at 4.30 p.m. Preparations arc being made to accord his Lordship a i cordial reception, and to render the cere- uioiiy interesting as well as memorable. In reply to 11 Inquirer " we have to state that the letter received from the Premier re the Institute grant, was adverse to the com mittee disposing of it. W e shall obtain a copy of the Premier's letter and publish it in our next. .. f We shall have much pleasure in supply ing the information required by, our cor respondent "Australasia." The weather, oh Thursday last was exces sively-warm, and. the, dust which was blowu about rendered the heat moat " uncomfort able ;. towards the evening lourV thunder and vivid lightning heralded the approach of rain which fell to the extent of 30 points. The rain was only welcome because it tilled, tanks as we are sorry to say it did a consi-- derable amount of damage to the hay' in East Northam. ' On Tuesday, 15th inst., a sad .and fatal accident happened to a. young man named W. Meyers who was groom at the Shamrock Hotel, Northam.- On the day named Myers was engaged grooming a horse when the animal became restive, and rearing out, kicked the unfortunate man in the stomach. The injured man was immediately removed to the hospital, but despite medical skill and attention, - he died on the following night after admission. The funeral took place on Thursday afternoon. We have in our midst Mr. A. H. Thompson, manager, of the Faithful Photo Enlarging Company, 73 Hay Street, Perth, who has shovvn us some splendid creden tials from Lord Jersey, late overnor of New South- Wales, also from the Legis lative Council of New South Wales for work executed by their instructions, under .Mr, Thompson's supervision! the pictures are enlarged from small photographs, and worked up forming a beautiful lifelike appearance, Mr. Thompsou has recently executed and exhibited a most brilliant picture of our popular and esteemed Premier, Sir John Forrest, also our niosc respected Chief-of-Police, Colonel Phillips,' , M r. Mosley, Registrar Supreme Court, and some of our best and most influential citizen's in Western Australia. We note he has among his customers our own worthy Mayor, Bank Manager, Mr. Mitchell, and . some of our best people in town. His firm which executes such splendid work, at such low prices, deserves not only a trial, but the best of patronage. ... Itepayers who are disposed to view the pUselir and' future prospects of Northam hopefully, cannot, but feel regrpt that an attempt should be made to thwart the proposed Municipal Loan of £3,000. . The money is absolutely required if we would take advantage of the opportunities nqw before usa to succeed in frustratingLthe.lifaB,- at this juncture,- would be a disastrous' .contingency, and therefore it is to be hoped that every well- wisher of the Town will abstain from voting, and by so doing, assist .Lhe.Couhcil in their efforts to promote the Besfc interest of Northam, A correspon'dent writes : — Allow me to. bHiig under the notice of your readers the impressive .Appeal which the Rev. Father O'Reilly made on Sunday last in the Nor tham Church on behalf of the school of the Sisters of St. Joseph. As. these schools must now be solely maintained by volun tary heip, it is to be hoped that a generous response -will be made, aud'that the collec tion, which will be taken1 up on Sunday, 3rd January, 1897, will show that the people value as they should value the ad: vantages of a religious as well as a secular education. Religion must be the founda tion of education and Catholics who are true to their principles' 'should make a sacrifice as. evidence , of their -faith and sincerity. v" . An unpleasant accident, and one which ' might have been attended with worse results, : befell Mr. Charles Barndbn, of. Templar town, on 'Tuesday afternoon last, while out riding; at Clackline., In going over a flat rock Mr. Barndon's horse slipped/and fell, .bringing its rider heavily to the ground. He was immediately placed on iboafd the train at Clackline by., some witnesses j of the accident, and conveyed to NortHam. On arriving at the hospital it was, fouri' he had sustained a fracture over his eye, With other bruises of a less severe character. . Under , the skilful treatment of our local practitioners Mr. Barndon is recovering rapidly. \ The number of patients in the Nqrtham Government Hospital on the ioth instivsyas g; admitted 3; discharged 2; died .i ; re-- maining under treatment on 17 inst., 9. The patient who died was W. Myers> aged Ai, a native of the East End of London ; Myers was kicked by a horse on the 15th inst. and died from the effects of ' injuries received on : the 16th inst at 11.45 p.m. Cr. LocKYER'has given notice of motion in the ; Municipal Council to request the: Government to establish a branch post and telegraph dffice at West Northam; . 'Ccn- sidering the large increase in population in and around the Northam Station, a com pliance/with the request to be niade would meet a very urgent public convenience. , A fulL report qf the interesting; meeting of ratepayers Held in' the Mechanic' Institute ; dn Monday last will be found in another column. The I. O.G.T. 'Northam branch will hold a Christmas Social in the Temperance flail,, on Monday, next at $ p.m. . . During the .past weelc-- the weather .has been exceedingly warm, and the hot _ weather, together with dust storms, has cpntributed to render the® season particularly trying. i An open air ..promenade 'concert j is an nounced .to talce place in the Agricultural Society's Show Grqutlds:on Wednesday' even ing next, commencing at 8 p. m . A iirst-class musical programme has been arranged and a mok pleasant evening may be anticipated. Ws are pleased to say that' the Premier, Sir John Forrest, has intimate to the Mayor that the GoVerfltnnt have granted the-- slim of £250 towards Bl'ianing ojut the bed of the Avon river contigtybus to the Ndrthaim:Town site.' : The Annual Xmas Tree will be held in the Temperance Hall on N ew Year's Eve. Besides a nice collection of articles for the Tree, the evening will be enlivened by songs, recitations,, rpusic, and also by a. Punch and \--Judy show. r?3?foceeds devoted to" the < -Parish HaH. ' I A heavy thunderstorm, accompanied by severq;lightning flashes, passed over Northam on: Frfday evening®1 : a. considerable amount of rain also fell during the continuance of the .storm, 4 / . . 1,1 it Uf t. 