NO ADMITTANCE. On a day that wouid an iguana roast, A Westralian boomer gave up the ghost, Which flew Heav'nward, bold and hardy. St. Peter gazed at the ghost, irate, And sternly said, as he slammed the gate- " You can't come here—you should know that well! We've lost our prejudice against Hell— But we draw the line at Coolgardie." —Bulletin. MR. MORAN is coming very badly out of the banquet bungle. Mayor Macdonald has proved that he was invited, and Moran's attempt to discredit the Mayor by publishing an alleged communication requesting Mr Venn not to speak at the Ministerial banpuet has signally failed. Mr Venn denies that any such request was made either orally or by letter. If Mr Moran has not been guilty of something very nearly approaching a criminal offence he will, if he desires to establish any reputation in this district, require to prove Messrs. Venn and Macdonald guilty of conspiracy against him. THE proposal by Cr Levinson that the City Councilshouldinsist upon asystem of weights and measures, is one which will be cheerfully endorsed by the ratepayers. At the price of supplies in Coolgardie sixteen ounces to the pound of weighed goods and somewhere in the vicinity of twice of weight of bread in the two-pound loaf is a fair thing. The office of Inspector is a responsible one and a man must be chosen who will come down flat-footed on the big dealer and the " companies" i trade in the town, preferably to harrassing the small dealer whose swindling does not affect a large ally benefit himself. nor maten- THERE seems to have been established an altogether wrong -impression as to the manner in which Noah James met his death at the 25-Mile. • It was alleged that during a scuffle one Solomon struck him on the head Svith a claw end of a hammer and dragged him about the place by the scalp. Noah died and Solomon was by some strange error of the police arrested and charged with his murder. $ Yet it was well known that Noah had suffered from heart disease for years. Of course an intelligent metropolitan juryacquitted Solomons, and he left the court without a stain on his character. But this is not sufficient. He has suffered largely in mind, body and estate, and is entitled to compensation, for which no doubt he will put in a claim for a substantial sum. THE telegraph wires do get tangled. On Wednesday the local papers published the news that a horse had been burned at St Albans, and his remains were found next day—presumably in the waste and blackened ruins of himself. Whether the fire was accidental or the horse had been burned down for the insurance money was. not set out. Next day the Perth paper came to hand with the announcement that it was not a horse but a house which had been destroyed by fire, and the remains found next day were those of Mr C. Perkins, the owner, who was a New Zealand resident, and not widely known. The public mind has been set at rest by the latest wire.. But serious,anxiety was occasioned by the first, for it was naturally thought one of the St Albans (Vic) horses had Jbeea burned. . ' . • MR MEDWAY DAY,formerly of Adelaide llegister and now editing Tlve Worker in Sydney, in the course of an interesting lecture, which he gave in the Temperance Hall, Sydney, recently, before a large and appreciative audience, pointed out the way in which the interest on borrowed capital, amounting to £2,200,000, could be earned by the State, and the unemployed problem solved at the same time Instead of placing people on fe the land, without giving them an opportunity of making the venture successful, the Government, he thought, might '.tself place the unemployed on *he waste lands of the colony, and provide the accessories and improved appliances for properly working Jind cultivating the land. A profitable charge, he declared, could be made by the Government, and a large revenue obtained from this source. Mr Day also expressed the opinion that the great mineral wealth of thf colony could be put to better use at the present time. The j could provide plant, an&'j-i miners who were working tl the locality, at a profitable r this means, miners ^ho^iad^ reefs would be able to wbjrksft thus earn the fruits of their instead of being compelled,/ sheer indigence; to part with ; syndicates. 