Tho loisi of SiIOIcI . [BY DR. J. H. ROBINSON.] OHAPTER X.-- Cot inued. 'It is not with fear or cold,' she re plied quietly. Howden lighted a lamp and held it up to her face; it was pale, firm, im passive. 'To-night,'hesaid, ' I cannot fathom you. You women are so incomprehen sible, so capricious.' 'The treasure--the treasure!' re turned Eugenia. ' Certainly, madam, you shall see the treasure. I hear a footstep; it is Stein's. He comes--here he is.' The person alluded to came in, but did not seem well pleased at seeing Madame Vancourt. He frowned, and looked reproachfully at Howden, who, without heeding him, walked the length of the hall, and opened another door. Eugenia looked in, and saw nothing but a heap of rubbish; she evinced disappointment, and enter tained, no doubt, a transcient feeling of suspicion. In obedience to ages ture from Howden, Stein began to remove the rubbish, and presently Eugenia saw the top of an iron coffer. Howden glanced at her triumphantly, while her disciplined face gave no sign of emotion. The coffer was laid bare. Stein gazed at it with eager, impatient eyes. Howden nodded, and Stein took up a large hammer which he had brought, and waited for the order to smite the unconscious metal. He had uplifted the hammer, and was about to strike, when a strange, unearthly sound breathed through the room. Both Howden and Stein started, and looked around hur riedly. 'What was that ?' asked H"owden. 'It was the Jew !' stammered Stein, whose knees began to knock together. 'I heard the words distinctly; he said, " God of my fathers! My box my box !" ' ? A slight shiver shook the proud figure of Eugenia. 'Fool!' cried ?Howden. 'It' was imagination only. The Jew dog is in the valley of dry bones., Strike !' Howden's sneering voice was echoed from the lofty ceiling. Stein raised the sledge and struck; but the strong lock not yielding, he dealt blow after blow upon it until the bolt was broken. With an agitated hand he opened the box, wiped drops of perspiration from his brow, cast fear ful glances from corner to corner, and breathed like a man labouring under congestion of the lungs. His attention did not long wander from the coffer; he looked into it with inquisitive, greedy eyes, and beheld a number of canvas bags full to reple. tion. He took them out one by one, counted them, weighed them in his , hands--found them heavy--set them upon the floor, then sat down beside them, for he was faint. There were .-.--ourteen bags, identically the same in size and weight. At the bottom of the coffer was a small wooden box, with 'To my faithful servant, Otto Stein,' upon the lid. 'With these,' laughed Howden, pointing to the bags, ' I will build a synagogue.' The word ' synagogue' appeared to be repeated somewhere in the room with sepulchral hollowness. Even Eugenia for a moment was awed, for the idea of the supernatural involun tarily obtruded, and wrought its effects upon her mind. 'There are fourteen of the bags,' added Howden, recovering himself, and smiling at the illusions of faney, , which we will divide equally between us, Otto Stein. Take seven of them the others shall be mine.' ' Yes,' said Otto, eagerly, ' seven of them are mine-seven bags of gold! I will buy a house-I will buy every thing! I can scarcely believe it! Seven bags of gold, and for Otto Stein!' Otto drew the seven bags of gold toward him, threw his arms around them, and pillowed his head upon his treasure. His heart never beat so wildly; in the deep silence, Eugenia could hear it thumping against his ribs finding muffled resonance upon the Sfloor. His avarice predominated over his superstitious fears; he chuckled, he muttered, kissed the bags, clutched them closer and was nearly mad with j'oy. Eougenia remained calm and un moved, while Howden, with folded arms, contemplated the movements of his subordinate with a smile of dis dain. 'Open one of those bags!' said tadamo Vancourt, with a quietness, that to the excited mind of Stein, sounded unnatural and out of place. 'Open them? It is sacrilege! I am content in handling, feeling, em bracing them. Seven bags. It is a dream. Woman, how ean you behold my transports with such indifference ? You are not human--you are made of marble, the same as the figures in the cathedral.' 'Open one of the bags !' reiterated Eugenia. 'Do not go mad over a treasure you have not seen. Do not be a fool !' 'You raise a doubt that torments me,' returned Otto. 'What if this should be silver instead of gold ? I should be cheated, defrauded, cut to the heart. But it cannot be; they are too heavy--far too heavy. Ah! madam, you envy me; but I will con yine you of my good luck.' Stein got hold of the cord that secured the mouth of one of the bags. and worked nervously at untying it, he conquered the knot presently, re versed the bag, emptied the contents upon the floor, cried out as if some one had struck him, grew pale as a sheet, and gazed at it with an intensified expression of consternation. A worth less heap of lead was before him! The silence that ensued was broken by a mocking peal of laughter, that came neither of the parties could tell from whence; but it sounded to each thrilling, unearthly, and terrible. 'Satan himself is here!' exclaimed Stein. ' It is the work of the devil, and none else.' ' This is most wonderful!' said Howden, abashed and confounded. ' Open the rest, man-open the rest !' 'I have not the strength; I am be. wildered, confused, stunned. Bring a Bible-take me away from this ac cursed place!' 'You have no strength! You are not a man, but a drivelling idiot!' cried Eugenia. With her own white fingers, she dexterously untied the bags, one after the others, and poured their contents upon the floor-they contained lead and lead only. ' Outwitted!' exclaimed Howden, with an oath. ' Do not believe it! stammered Otto. ' As I told you this is the work of Satan. A priest can make this seeming dross assume its proper shape and colour.' Eugenia took the small wooden box from the coffer, curious to see what was in it. Lifting the lid, she beheld a strong cord, with a slip of paper attached, on which was written: ' A halter, which I bequeath to my faithful servant, Otto Stein!' Stein looked at it, plucked out a handful of hair, yelled with rage, dis appointment, and terror, and rushed from the House of Silence as if pur sued by the ghost of Levi, the Jew. Howden was agitated. He stood with his fingers clenched upon his palms, with his head bent slightly forward, his white upper teeth set upon his under lip. Anger, wonder, morti fication, inspired him. A shadowy hand of fear waved before his eyes. All the goblin tales of his childhood floated dimly through his brain. He glared at the leaden heap; he thought of the doctor, the Rabbi, the dying Israelite, the trust so solemnly im posed, the synagogue spoken of, but never destined to be. He would have cursed and stamped upon the floor in the bitterness of his dis appointment, but felt the penetrating eyes of Eugenia Vancourt upon him, and tried to smother his pent-up emotions. ' Jules Howden, allow me to con gratulate you upon the possession of so much wealth.' She laughed, and the musical sound was in strange con trast to the making peal that hadia few seconds before undulated through the room like a wave of horrible mirth from. Hades. 'Moderate your joy, my friend! Bear with philosophy this unexpected gift of fortune. A paper still remains at the bottom of the coffer; be quiet while I examine it. It may prove a title-deed to -' 'Desist!' exclaimed Fowden. Eugenia opened the paper, and read as follows: 'To the devout, the learned execu tor of my last-will and testament: 'You are now in possession of all wealth. Be true to the sacred trust. Build a synagogue according to the plan you will find below. Let it be large, airy, and imposing. I would advise you to erect a whipping-post, pillory, and a gallows.' 'Curse the old'fox !' cried Howden, snatching the paper, crumpling it in his hand, casting it upon the floor, and treading upon it,' Eugenia laughed ironically, and really seemed to exult in the discom fiture of her friend. 'You now have done something worthy of yourself,' she added, in her clear, silvery, concentrated voice. 'This is your grandest stroke; the very climax of financiering. Here are fourteen bags-seven of them for you, and the remaining seven-' 'The Israelitish cur! The wily old wretch ! Think of the trouble of that box--the scheming, the mas querading, the tugging, the toil ing that it has cost me ! A crushed fin ger, too. May the devil give the Jew, Levi, a bath of molten metal like this!' 'Thesyneagogue-.-' 'May the synagogue be ---! No more, Eugenia; no more. Cunning has been met with cunning. I have been overreached-conquered with my own weapons. Let us go.' 'First,' replied Eugenia, 'return your treasure to the coffer, and cover it again with rubbish. Do not fail to be prudent even when van quished. Leave out the halter for Otto, for he will hang himself.' 'I will not touch it if my touch 'could transmuteit to gold! Bah! it has been in the hawk-like fingers of the Jew! The open air, for Heaven's sake! Thie place chills me. I am not superstitious, Eugenia, but my nerves are a little shaken. The shrivelled soul of Levi exults here to-' night.' 'What was that ?' asked Eugenia, suddenly. 'It was nothing,' returned Howden, nttempting to smile. 'It sounded like the faint echo of infernal glee. What an atmosphere i It penetrates into one's bones. I for give you for being afraid.' 'Afraid? I have never feared mortal or immortal, and I will not. Miau or devil, I defy you! Spirit, of earth, air, or water, come forth, and let me behold your shape ! Howden pauted, and glanced from corner to corner, from floor to ceiling. 'You perceive,' he added, with a sneer, 'that neither celestial, terres. trial, or infernal appears. The super natural is a myth, spiritual existence a dream, and the unseen, unreal. There is an eternity of change, but no eternity of individual consciousness. There is an endless succession of out ward forms, which constitute the first, the last, and the all. They are fools who search for manifestations of in visible life. I am a materialist. A worshipper of the felt and seen. The bodiless and the unparticled exist not. To ghost and goblin I throw down my glove !' 'There is a Fathomless, Jules Howden, an Unapproachable and eternal Potency, animating, pervading all, of the presence of which I am sometimes faintly conscious. I heed not its monitions, but I do not defy it; yet doubt not that I fear it as little as you. It is horribly cold here--I'll stay no longer.' Howden took the lamp, which was growing every moment dimmer, and, with contracted brow and compressed lips, led the way from the House of Silence. CHAPTER XLI. IN WHIOH THr? HILDREEN OF SILENOE ARE SEEN. Terence was sufficiently interested in Bertoli to wish to know more of him, and, as on other occasions, directed his steps to the House of Silence at the appointed hour. He expected to find Bernhard or Bertoli at the gate, but saw neither. He had scarcely reached the spot when the gate was opened. Instead of the persons mentioned, he beheld a hand some quadroon girl, who said to him: 'Follow me quickly;' which mandate he obeyed without hesitation. She glided before him like a shadow, and he was soon in the vaults of the mysterious dwelling. If Terence anticipated being con ducted to the magnificent apartment which he had before visited, he was disappointed; his light-footed guide led him to one much smaller, less in viting in appearance. The floor was of stone, the walls of wood, rough, dark, unrelieved by an attempt at softening their grimness by ornament, with the exception of three paintings, one of the Madonna, another of the crucifixion, a third of the Apostle Peter. Upon a marble slab, at one side, burned three wax candles. The apartment contained several chairs with straight backs and wooden seats, to one of which the quadroon girl pointed. The young man was not disposed to obey this intimation immediately; he turned to examine the features of his conductress. The blood of two races-the Anglo-Saxon and the Afri can--lent their blended hues to her cheeks, imparting a beautifully rich and mellow tinge. Her eyelashes, long and black, trembled over eyes, large, dreamy, thoughtful, sagacious. Her brow was smooth, delicate, and expressive, her hair lying upon it in wavy bands; her mouth was small; the lips round and tempting, like the maidens of Circussia. There was a soft dimple upon her chin. The neck was arched, the bust exquisitely de veloped. Her person was symmetry itself-a perfect specimen of that witching beauty which nature often capriciously bestows upon the quadroon. Terencs marvelled as he looked, and the mystery of the House of Silence cast a deeper shadow upon his imagination. 'Be seated,' said the quadroon, in a voice of liquid harmony. 'Speak not-the Hand of Silence is upon your lips. The master is engaged; wait till you are wanted.' (To &e; Conti~rned ) 