THE BALLAN Robert (turns- (Written for tbe Ballan Times.) BY T.P. "Yetread the names that kuow uot death, Few nobler ones than Burns' are there ; And few have won a greener wreath Thaa that which binds his hair."— F. HALLET. On the 21st of July, 1796, there died at Dumfries, in the thirty- eighth year of his age, Robert Burns, the b it d of Ayr—Scotland's national | oet, one of the noblest and most sublime sjiiiits that ever lived. Who can, without regret, dwell upon his chequered career, and the more than wonderful advantages he took of the verv meagre opportunities that were afforded him of following a literary career? The child of genius, although desceuded from a highly respected family, wis nevertheless reared and matured umidst tbe humblest surroundings Having been compelled by severe stress of circumstances at au early age, to engage in the moils und toils of manual labour, he was almost entirely indebted to selftnilion and unceasing study for the knowledge of which he has made such formidable use. It was not only in book knowledge that Burns derived instruction, but he also studied menau wion •^surveying with sucbjauccess as to qualify as a' surveyor/ > In this capacity however be was never afforded the opportunity of utilising his know- ledge as a means of livelihood. There are some among shallow thinkers who are disinclined to admit the book learning aud literary accomplishments of Burn- - , Perhaps the best means of disabusing their minds, is to quote a few passages from one of the poet's letters to his friend, Dr Moore. It will also help to throw some light on his bio graphy and reveal traits in his character. This letter was written in August 1787, when the poet was in his twenty-eighth year, and commences :—" I have not tje most distant pretensions to assume that character which the pyecoated guardians of exsutcheons call a gentltman . . . My father was of the north of Scotland, the son of a farmer, and was thrown by early misfortunes on the world at large, where after many years' wanderings and sojournings, he picked up a pretty large quantity of observation and experience, to which I am indebted for most of inv little pretensions to wiidom. I have met with few who understood men, tbeir manners and their ways, equal to him ; but stubborn, ungainly integrity, aud headlong, ungovernable irascibility, are disqualifying circumstances ; consequently I was born a very poor man's son. For the first six or seven years of mv life, my father WHH gardener to a worthy gentleman of small estate iu the neighborhood of A.yr. Hid he ontinued iu that station I must have marched off t) be fine of the little undei lings about a farm house, but it was his dearest wish and prayer to have t in his power to keep his chi'dren under his Own eye till they could -disern b°tween go:id aud evil ; so, with he assistance of his generous inibt j j: is e<it'ite."" At"tbow^r«rt'-i" i w«s V no means a favorite with anybody. _ I was a good deal noted for a retentive memory, a sturdy something in my disposition, and an enthusiastic idiot (idiotic) piety. I say idiot piety, because I was then but a child. Though it cost my schoolmaster some thrashings, I made an excellent English scholar. ... In my infant and boyish days too, I owed much t> an old woman who resided in the family, remarkable for her ianorance, credulity, and superstition. She had, I suppose, tbe largest stock in the country of tales nd soti^s concerning devils, ghosts, fairies, brownies, witches, warlocks, spunkiee, kelpies, elfcandles, apparitions, giants, enchanted towers, dragons and other trumpery. This cultivated the latent seeds of poetry, but had so strong an effect on my imagination that to this hour in my nocturnal rambles, I sometimes keep a sharp look out in suspicious places; and though nobody cau be more sceptical than I am in such matters, yet it often takes an effort of philosophy to shake off these idle tenors. ... The first two books I ever read in private, and which gave t me more pleasure than any two books waptbTwcc ever read since, were tbe Life of Hannibal and the History of Sir William Wallace. Hauuibal gave my young ideas such a turn that ... I used to wish myself tall enough to be a soldier, while the story of Wallace poured a Scottish prejudice into my veins, which will boil along there till the flood gatss of life shut iu eternal rest. My social disposition, when not checked by some modifications of spirited pride, was, like our Catechism definition of infinitude, without bounds or limits. I formed several connections with other youngsters, -vho possessed superior advantages; the youngling actors who were busy in the ' rehearsal of parts, in which they were shortly to appear on the stage of life, where, alas ! I was destined to drudge behind the scenes. It is not commonly at this green age that our young gentry have a just sense of the immense' distance between them arid their ragged playfellows. It takes a few (lashes into the world to give the young great man that proper, de cent, unnoticing disregard for the poor, i insignificant, stupid devils — tbe mechanics and peasantry around them . . . This kind of a life—the cheerless gloom of a hermit, with the unceasing moil of a galley slave—brought me to my sixteenth year ; a little before which period I first committed the sin of rhyme. You know our country custom of coupling a man and woman together as partners in the labors of the harvest. In my fifteenth autumn my partner was a bewitching creature, a year younger than myself. In short she altogether unwittingly to herself initiated me in that delicious passion which in spite of disappointment, ginhorse prudence and bookworm philosophy. I hold to be the first of human joys, our dearest blessing here below. . . In my seventeenth year, to give my manners a brush, I went to a country dancing school. My father had au unaccountable antipathy TIMES, THURSDA against these meetings, and my going was, what to this moment I repent, in opposition to his wishes ; from that instance of disobedience in me he took a sort of dislike to me, which, I believe, was one cause of the dissipation which marked my succeeding yeare. I say dissipation comparatively with strictness sobriety, ancl regulnriy of' Presbyterian country life, for though the Will-o'-thewisp meteors of thoughtless whim were almost the sole lights of my path, yet early engrained piety and virtue kept me for years afterwards within the line of innocence. The great niisfoitune of my life was to wait an aim." It has often been said that Burns led a very dissipated life—both as regards insobriety and lack of virtue, in fact lie has admitted both charges. But as regards the first, when we consider the warm exuberance of his enthusiasm and the scant appreciation which his truly meritorious poetie efforts received, it is indeed little to be wondered at that he sought solace in the social glass of convivaiity. Yet we have the most undeniable testimony from some of bis reputable acquaintances tliat he never neglected his private or office duties through those dissipations. As to the other charge, all we can do is to admit that unbending virtue is rarely found together with superior genius, but I will not endeavour to fliether si < ,.. 7 r Drawbia Irjall EiasTrpin'thtifTffe'kd abode; 1 '' and I turn with pleasure to the bright side of his character. The characteristics which evidence themselves in the works of Burns are :—his rare wit, his gift of ready and fascinating language, his bedrock belief iu the spiritual part of life, his independent spirit, his penetration into shams and dislike of all forms of cant, his veneration for his coantry, and, above all, his love for his fellow men, and for all the works of Nature. Rarely has the subject treated by him been drawn from or glided by historic interest. But rarely are those around whom tradition has raised a halo, the heroes of his poems. He simply chose the subjects and heroes of his poems from tlie objects, occurrences, and persons he met in every day life. Therefore his poems have nought to commend them but the genius of their composer, who framed in such flowery language as to place them amongst the masterpiece compositions of our language. Many of Burns' poems lose much through having been written iu the dialect of his country. It is unfortunate both for the fame of the author and for posterity that this is so, but on the other hand this fact has doubtlessly added to his popularity in the land of his birth. Much odium has cast on his contemporaneous countrymen for callous treatment of Burns. True they are not blameless. But yet on every sidin all times, we find men are but poor judges of contemporary merit. It was the same fate that befel Galileo, Butler, Otway, and Chatterton, tbe posthumous child of genius and misfortune, who has left a name at which " the world grows pale," although he was driven to escipe the pangs of hunger, in a suicide's grave, while yet in his twentieth year. And even how slow were Australians tojer-^ tbeir don ! Scots of to-day are doiii; part to atone for the error of their prosecutor. And well, indeed, may Scotland be proud of her worthy son, Bobby Barns, whose name is honored aud known where ever the English tongue is spoken^ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 