THE SHADOW IX THE MOONLIGHT. By MRS. MOLE3WORTH. [Author of "Hathcrcourt Rectory,' Winds Farm." Q:C., *fcc.] PART 11. Phil is onr soldier brother. And there is nothing fanciful about htm. Ho is a rock of sturdy comnionsens ? and unfailing good nature. He was the very best person to cons to, and my respect for fide our strange secre Dormv increased. Wc did tell him—the very next morning. He listened attentively, only putting in a question here aud there, and though, oi" course, he was iiicreduiotis— had I not been so myself? he was not mocking. " 1 am glad you have told no one else, ' he said, when -.vc had related the whole -as circumstantially us possible. " You see mother is not v,-ry SLror.g yet., and it would be a pityto bother fauiar just when he's ta is place r.nd settled it all. And for goodness sake, don't let a breath of it get about .anion',' the servants: tiiere'd ba the—something to pay, if you did. "I won't toll anybody," said Danny. "Nor shall I," I added. Sophy is far too excitable, and if she lenew she w-ould certainly tell Nannie. Nannie is our old nurse. "If we tell any one," Philip went on, " that means," with a rather irri.ating smile of seltcomidencc, "if by any possibility 1 do not succeed in making an end of your ghost and we want another opinion about it, the person to tel! would be Miss Larpent. ' "Yes," I said. " I think so, too. ' I would not risk irritating him by saying how* convinccd I was that conviction awaited h:r.: as sure! > as it come io myself, arid I knew that Miss Larpent, though far from credulous, was eoually far from stupid scepticism concerning the "mysteries"' "not dreamt of" in ordinary "philosophy. ' " What do you m m to d 1?" I went 011. "You have a "theory, I see. Won't you tel! me what it is? ' "I have two," said Phil, rolling up a cigarette as he spoke. "It is eithe some queer optical illusion, par the effect of some odd eiiectiou outside—or it i a clever " A trick."' I exclaimed ; " what possible, motive couid there be for a trick'.'" Phil shook his head. "All," he said, "that I cannot at present say." And what are you going to do?"' 1 shall sit uo to-night in the gallery and see for m'- self." "Alone?" I exclaimed, with some misgiving. For bi-T. sturdy fellow as he v, as. I scarcely Jilted to think of bra—of c:i;i one " I don't suppose you or Dor.-ny would care to keep ni'.: company," he replied, " and 0:1 the whole 1 would rather not have yea."' •• 1 wouldn't do it," said the child honestly, " 1: o t f o 1 — i o r n o th i n g," "I shall keep Tim with ma," said Philip, '-dog. and So it Dor. that u 1- he;— s to fall bed unusually.early wore 011 we both :il"ad--J a headache, 'a, helem. thoueh 1 eicd at aii when I 1 aimr- dlately bee.au thai " alter all' I, ui the morning," I Is of Phil's arran-e- -L ai,mee. 1 a :r k. t that I "had slept a lit and heard Philip's voice speaking softly. "Areyou awaae, LcI:' " he said, as people always say when they aw :• kv. you in any- nilw I v. as awake, vary timely way. Of course, no much ?.wike indeed, j "What is it?" I exel: heart bcpnuiiig to beat v< "Oh, nothing, no'.hi.v brother, advan:ang a Htiii I just thought I'd leek m c i ^i^LiiTn agcrlv, my ." '-eel my : room. "I ay to bed to •, absolutely appointed. J " Was it moonlight asked, abruptly. : > o. "Yl hd noon did 1 no: come • ut at all, t.iGugh J I can-led But 1 should errea tin j moon." T giunced up el him. Was it th?. l ef j of the candle he held, or did he look pal, • than I usual | "And." I added, suddenly, vou feci > nothing?" "It—it was chilly, certain! he said. "I fancy- I must have dosed a lilt for I did feci pretty cold once or twice." "Ah. iuThjr.d!" thought I to myself. And ho\v about Tim':' Phil smiled, but not very successfully. "Welt," he said, "1 must confess Tim did not altogether like it. He started tuarhuy, then he prowled, and finished un with winning in a decidedly unhappy way. He's r.itl-.er e And then .-pie sa' •v'th: dog w.as beside him t-e to Plulin'sle-s-a verv delul Tim—all the starch taken •• SI : i i :;:-!.:, Flul I said, turning ruimc 011 njy pillow. " I n •~hd vera are s.-.tisaed. To-ni'irrow morning y a must tell me which oi your theories held:, most e y-.iier. v.i; Goad night and many thanks. ' He was goin;- 10 sav mer for the moment stopped hna, Poor old Phii. We had it outthe next morning. He and 1 alone.. Ho was not satisfied. Far from it. In thebotrom of his heart I believe it was a strange yearning for .. breath of human com- auionship. for the sosnd of a liurajn voice, hat had niado luiu look in on mo the night efore i'or he had felt the cold passing him. BUL lie was very plucky. " I'll sit up again to-night. Leila," he said. " Not.to-night," I objected. ''This sort of adventure requires one to be at one's best. If you take my. ad vice you will go to bed <>arlv, and have a gcod stretch of a slee'J. so that vou will be quite 1,-esh by lo-motrow." There will be a moon for some nights still." ' Why do you keep harping 011 the moon?" said Phil rather crossly for him. " Because i have sonic idea that it is only in the moonlight that—that anything is to be seen." "Bosh!" said mv brother, politely-he wa.s certainly rather discomposed —" we are talking at-cross purposes. You are satis5ed ' "Far from satisfied," 1 interpolated. " Weil, convinced, whatever you like to call it, that tho whole thing is supernatural, whereas I am eqr.allv sure it is a trick—a clever trick I allow—though I haven't yet got at the motive of it."' " You need your nerves to be at their best to discover a trie!: of this kind, if a trick it be,"' I said nuifitlv. Philip had "left his seat, and vaas_ walking up and down the room ; his wav of doing so gavo me a feeling that he wanted" to walk off some unusual consciousness oi irritability. I felt half provoked and half sorry for him. At that moment—we were alone in the draw-iii'-;-room-- the door opened, and Miss Lar[xint canio m. "I cannot find Sophy," she said, paering about through her rather short-sighted eyes, which, nevertheless, sec a great deal sometimes, "do you know where she is?" " 1 saw her setting olt somewhere with Nugent," oaid Philip, stopping his quarterdeck irxercise for a moment. "Ah, then it is hopeless. 1 suppose I must resign myself to very irregular ways for a little longer," Miss Larpint repliea -with a smile. She is not young, ar.d not good- looking, but she is gifted with a delightful way of snaiiir.?, and she is—well, the dearest nnd almost the wisest oi women. She looked at Philip as he spoke. Sho had known us nearly since our babyuood. " Is there anything the matter?" she laid, suddenly. "Ycu look fagged, Leila, and Philip seems worried." I glanced at Philip. Ho understood me. "Yes," lie replied, "I am irritated, and Leila is"'—he hesitated. "What?" asked Mios Larpent. "Oh, I don't know—obstinate, I suppose. Sit down, Miss Larp nt, and hear our story. L<5ilo, you can tell it." 1 did so—first obtaining a promise of secrecy, and making Phi! relate his own experience. Our new confidante listened attentively, her face, very grave. When she had heard all, she said quietly, after a moment's silence: — "It's very strange, very. Philip, if you will wait till to-morrow night, and 1 quito agree with Leila that you had better do so, I will sit up with you. I have pretty good nerves, and 1 have always wanted an experience of that kind." " Then vou don't think it is a trick?" I said eagerly. I was like Dormer, divided between my real underlying longing to explain the thing, and get rid of the horror of it, and a half childish wish to prove that I had not exaggerated its ghastlir-css. 1 will tell ycu that the duv after tomorrow," she said. I could not repress a little shiver as she spoke. / She had good nerves, amd she was extremely seitsible. But I almost blamed myself afterwards for hawing acquiesced in the plan. For the effect on her was very great. They never told me exactly what happened, "you know," said Miss Larpent. I imagine their experience was almost urecisaly similar*to Dormy's and mine, miensiked, perhaps, by the feeling of loneliness: for it was not till all the rest of tho family was in bed that this second vigil began. It was a bright moonlight night—they had tho whole thing complete. It was impossible to throw off tho effect. Even in the daytime, the four of us_ who had seen and heard, shrank from the gallery, and made any conceivable excuse for avoiding it. But Phil, however, convinced, behaved consistently. He examined the closcd door thoroughly-, to detect any- possiblo trickery. He explored the attics, ho went up aud down tho Staircase leading to the oiHccs till tile servants must have thought he was going crazy. He found nothinc, —1:0 vaguest hint even, as t j why the gallery was chosen by the ghastlyshadow for its iiif-'htly round. Strange to say, ho-.-, ever, as the moon waned our horror faded, so that we almost began to hope the thing was at an end, and to trust that in time we should forget about it. Arid we congratulated ourselves that we had kept our ov.-n counsel and not disturbed any of the others—even father, who would, no doubt, have hooted at the idea—by the baleful whisper that our charming castle by the sea was haunted ! And the days passed by, growing into weeks. The second deta -hmtiit of our guests had left, and a third had just arrived, when one morning as I -was waiting at what we called " the seadoor"'for some of the others to join mo in a w-lk along the sands, some ono touched me ou the shoulder. It was Philip. -'Le.lia," he said, "Iain 1101 happy about Dormer. He is looking ill again, and "_ " I thought he seemed so much stronger, ' I said, surprised and distressd, "quite rosy, and so much memer. ' "So he was till a few days ago," said Pinlio. "But if you notice him well you'll seo that he's petting that white look again. And—I've got it in to my head—he is an extraordinarily sensitive child, that it has something to do with the moon. It s getting on to the full." For the moment I stupidly forgot the insinuation. "Really, Phil." I said, "vou are too absurd! Do you actually—oh," i-s he was beginning to interrupt me, and my face fell, I fee! sure— " yau don't mean a'oout the gallery." " Yes, I do, ' he said. " How, Has Dormy told you anything? ' and a sort of .sick feeling catne over me. "I had begun to hope," i went on, " that somehow it had gone ; that, perhaps, it only comes onoe a year at a certain season, or possibly that new-comers see it at the first and not again. Oh, Phil, we can't stay here, however nice it is, if it is really haunted." " Dormy hasn't said much," Philip replied. " He only'told me he had felt the cold once or twice 'since tiie mcon came again,'" he aaid; " but I ca.u see the tear of more is upon him. and this determined me to speak to you. I have to go to London for ten days or so to see the doctors about my leave and a few other things. I don't like it for you and Miss Larpent" if—i: this thing is to return—with no one else in your confidence, especially on Ucrmv's account. Do you think we must tell father before I go?" I hesitated. For many reasons I was reluctant to do so. Father would he exaggeratedly sceptical at first ; and then, if he were convinced, as I knew he would be, he would , -- go U> the clhc.r treme ana msvst upon leaving | Tinster, aed ouid DC a regular upse., , tryiiig for mother and ,:verybcdy concerned. And mother liked the place and was looking so much better! "After all," 1 said, "it has not hurt any of us. Me Larpent cot. a shake, so did I. "But it wasn't as r.-rsat a shock to us as to you Phil, to have to believe in a ghoit. And we can avoid the gallery while you are away. No, exccpt for Dormy. I would rather keep it to ourselves—after all. we are not going to livo here always. Yet it is so nice, it seems such a P "'"'' ' -•*. f - 'r faintly breathing oi the sea, w as like elixir ; the heejht.s and shadows on the elites, thrown out by the darker woods behind, were indeed, as Janet Mil?s had said, "wonderful." "Ye..," Pi-ii .agreed, "it is an awful nuisance. But as for Dormy." he wtnt on, supposing I get mother to let metakehim with "ni'.' Hod be as jolly as a sand-boy in Loudon, and my old landlady would look after him like anything if ever 1 had to be ojt late. Ar.d I d let my doctor see him—quietly, you knovr—he r.iiei.t 'rive i.u.i a tonic or something" 1 "heartily approved of the idea. So did mamma when Phil broached it—she, too, had thought her " baby" looking quite pale lately. i;ci v.-i uld be such 11. So it was settled. and the very ott. Dormer, in his veil V, ir the greatest ugh only by on; remarl: did tne fellow hint .1 iat vas r.o aoubt a! cci-ase of his sat sfar i Oil. will be ion ' r- he full when rue • Ai '.1 aftar that ilv y be Ciie c-ne Gill 01I1 r 1 ti lie lefcre -.ve go, weak there! Lei!:'.? We've only go: tins house f-?r three months'' 1 said, "father only took it for three," thoir.n in my "near: I knew it was with the option of three aure—six lr. all. Aud Miss Larpent and I were left alone, net with thetfho.it certainly, but with our fateful kn-iw-le lf' of its unwelcome proximity. ^.>. d.d not speak of it to each other, hut we tacitly avoided the gallery, even, as much as possible, in the daytime. I felt, and so she since erju'es-.ed, did she, that it would be irnnossible <0 endure that cold without betraying .Vmi I began to breathe more freely, trusting that the dread of the shadow's possible return was really only due to the child's over- I Till—one morning—my fool's paradisB was I abr'iptly destroyed. | Father came ill late to breakfast—lie had j been for an early walk, he suid, to get rid of ! a headache. But he did not look altogether j as it lie had succeeded in doing so. | "Ix.i'a," he said, as I was leaving the room 1 after pouring out his coner—mamma was not I yet allowed to get up early —" Leila, don't go. I I want to speak to y ou." ( I stopped short, and turned towards the I table. There was something very odd aboi" his manner. He is usually hearty and eager, I almost impetuous in his way- of speaking, j "Leila, ' he began again," "you are a senj sible girl, and your nerves are strong 1 fancy. Besidcs, you have net been ill like the others. Lon't speak of what I'm going to tell you.' I nodded in assent; I could scarcely have spoken. My heart was beginning to thump, l-atlier would not have commended my nerves had lie known it. "Something odd a::d inexplicable happened last night,"he went ee. " Nugeut and 1 were sitting in the gallery. It was a mild night,and the moon magnificent. We thought the gallery would 1m plensauter than the smokingroom, now that Phil and his pipes are away. Well—we were sitting quietly. I had lighted my reading-lamp 011 the little table at oue end of "the room, and Nugent wai half lying in his chair, doin^j nothing in particular exccpt admiring the luigbt, when all at once lie started violently with an exclamation, and, jumping up, came towards me. Leila, his teeth were chattering, and lie was blue with cold. I was very much alarmed—you know how ill he was at College. But in a moment or two he recovered. " What on earth is the matter?" I said to htm. He tried to laugh. " I really don't know." he said. " I felt as_ if I had had an electric shock of rold—but I'm all ri^ht again now." I went into the dining-room, and made him take a little brandy- anti-water, and sent him oil to lied. Than I came back, still feeliq* ratheruneasy- about him, and sat down with my book, when, Leila—you will scarcely credit it —I myself felt the same shock exactly. A perfectly hideous thrill of cold. That wai now it began. I started up, and then, Leila by decrees, 111 some distinctive way-, I : eLined to realize what had caused it. My dear child, you will think I have gone crazy when I tell vou that there was a shadow—a sliadcnv in the moonlight—chasityl me, BO to say, round the room, and once again it caught me up, and again came that appalling sensation. 1 would not give in. 1 dodged it after that, and set myself to watch it, and then" I need not quote my father further; suffice it to s.ty his* experience matched that of the rest of us entirely—no, I think it surpassed it. It was the worst of all. Poor father ! I shuddered for him. I think a shodi of that kind is harder upon a man than upon a woman. Our sex is less sceptical, less entrenched 111 sturdy matters-ot-fact, more imaginative, or whatever you like to call tlie readiness to believe what we cannot explain. And it was astounding to me to sea how my father ateuce capitulated—never even nU-j.di- ily to a possibility of trickery. Astounding, yet at the same time not without a certain satisfaction in it. It was almost a relief to find others in the same boat with ourselves. I tcld him at once all ire had to tell and how painfully exercised v. e had been as to the a/ivisabihty of keeping our secret to ourselves. I never saw father so impressed; ha was navfully kind, too, and so sorry for us. He made me fetch Miss Larpent, and we held a council of—I don't know what to call it! Not "war" assuredly', for none of us thought of fighting the ghost. How could one fight a shadow? We decided to do ncthmg beyond endeavouring to keep the affair from going further. During the next few daj s father arrangwi to have some work done 111 the gallery which would prevent our sitting there without raising any suspicions on mamma's or Sophy s part. "And then," said father, "we must see. Possibly^ this extraordinary influence only makes itself felt periodically." "I am almost certain it is so," said Miss Larpent. "And in this case," he continued, "we may manage to evade it. But I do not feel disposed to continue my tenancy here after three months are over. If once tho servants got hold of tha etory, and they are sure to do so sooner or later, it would be unendurable—the worry aud annoyance would do your mother far more harm than any good effect the air and change have had upon ner." I was glad to "hear this decision. Honestly, I did not feel as if I could stand the strain for long, and it might kill poor little Dormy. But where shall we go? Our own home would be quite uninhabitable till the autumn, for extensive alterations and repairs wera going on there. I said this to father. "Yes," he agreed, "it is not convenient"— and he hesitated. " I cannot make it out," he went on; "Miles would have been sure to know if the house had a bad name in any way. I think 1 will go over and see him to-day, and tell him all a-'oout it—at least, I shall enquire about some other house in the neighbourhood —and pcrhiys I will tell him our reason for leaving this." He "did so—he went over to Raxtrew that very afternoon, and, as I quite anticipated would be the case, lie told me on his return that he had taken both our friends into his confidence. " They are extremely concerned about it," he said, "and very sympathizing, though, naturally, inclined to think ns a parcel of very weakminded folk indeed. But I am glad of one thing—tho Rectory there is to be lot from the first of July for three months. Miles took me to sec it. I think it will <io very welt-—it is quite out of the village—for you really can't call it a town—and a nice little place in its way-. Quite modern, and as ungnostlike as you could wish, bright and cheery." " And what will mamma think of our leaving so soon?" 1 asked- But as to this father reassured me. He had alrsady spoken of it to her, and somehow she did not seem disappointed. Sho had got it into her head that Finster did not suit Dormy, and was quite disposed to think that three months of such strong air were enough at a time. "Then you have decided upon Raxtrew Rectory?" I asked. " I have the refusal of it," said my father. " But yon will be almost amused to hear that Miles begged me not to fix absolutely for a few days. lie is coming to us to-morrow to spend the night." " You mean to see for himself?" Father nodded. " Poor air. Miles!" I ejaculated. "You won't sit up with him I hope, father?'' "I olfertd to do so, but lie won't hear of it," was the reply. "He is bringing one of his keepers with him—a sturdy, trustworthy young fellow, and they two with their revolvers are going to nab the ghost. So he says. Wo shall see. We must manage to prevent our servants suspecting anything." This was managed. I need not go into particulars. Suffice to say that the sturdy keeper reached his own home before dawn on the night of the vigil, no endeavours of his master having succceded in persuading him to stay aaothcr moment at Finster, and that IMr. Miles himself looked so ill the- next morning when he joined us at the breakfast-table that we, the initiated, could scarcely repress our exclamations, when Sophy, with the curious instinct of touching a eore place which some people have, told him that he looked exactly " as if he had seen a ghost." His expe: ier.ee had been precisely similar to ours. After that wo heard no more from him —about the pity it was to leave a place that suited us so well, &c.; On the contrary before he left he told my father and myself that ho thought us uncommonly plucky for ^ ^ out ^ t h m e monthBi though at the ^ ^ h(j to £eeling completely nonplussed. "I have lived near Fiustcr St. Mabyn's all my life," he said, "and my people before me, and iui:cr, do I honestly assure you, have I heard one breath of the old place being haunted. And in a shut-up neighbourhood like this such a thing would have leaked out." W c shook our heads, but what could we say? 