Catholic Notes. THE HOLY SEE AND ANGLICAN ORDERS. Authorised Text op the Bull. (Concluded.) The following is the conclusion of the authorised translation of the Papal Bull on Anglican Orders (Apostolical Cures.) It is entitled, " Letter Apostolic of his Holiness Leo XIII., by Divine Providence Pope, con cerning Anglican Orders," and is published in London by Burns and Oates (Limited) •. LEO, BISHOP. Servant of the Servants of God. In Perpetual Remembrance. 6.—the question already definitely SETTLED. Hence it must be clear to every one that the controversy lately revived had been already definitely settled by the Apostolic See, and that it is to the insufficient know ledge of these documents that We must perhaps attribute the fact that any Catho lic writer should have considered it still an open question. But, as We stated at the beginning, there is nothing We so deeply and ardently desire as to be of help to men of good will by showing them the greatest consideration and charity. Where fore, We ordered tliat the Anglican Ordinal, which is the essential point of the whole matter, should be once more most carefully examined. 7.—THE ANGLICAN ORDINAL. In the examination of any rite for the effecting and administering of Sacrament, distinction is rightly made between the part which is ceremonial and that which is essential, usually called the matter and form. All know that the Sacraments of the New Law, as sensible and efficient signs of invisible grace, ought both to signify the grace which they effect, and effect the grace which they signify. Although the signification ought to be found in the whole essential rite—that is to say, in the matter and form—it still pertains chiefly to the form, since the matter is the part not determined by itself, but which is determined by the form. And this appears still more clearly in the Sacrament of Orders, the matter of which, in so far as We have to consider it in this case, is the imposition of hands, which indeed by itself signifies nothing definite, and is equally used for several Orders and for Confirmation. But the words which until recently were commonly held by Anglicans to constitute the proper form of priestly Ordination—namely, "Receive the Holy Ghost," certainly do not in the least defi nitely express the Sacred Order of Priest hood, or its grace and power, which is chiefly the power of " consecrating and of offering the true Body and Blood of the Lord " (Council of Trent, Sess. XXIII., de Sacr. Ord., Can. 1) in that sacrifice, which is no "nude commemoration of the sacrifice offered on the Cross " (Ibid. Sess. XXII., de Sacrif. Miesoe, Can. 3.) This form had in deed afterwards added to it the words " for the office and work of a priest," etc.; but thiB rather shows that the Anglicans them selves perceived that the first form was de fective and inadequate. But even if this addition could give to the form its due signification, it was introduced too late, as a century had already elapsed since the adoption of the Edwardine Ordinal, for, as the hierarchy had become extinct, there remained no power of ordaining. In vain has help been recently sought for the plea of the validity of Orders from the other prayers of the same Ordinal. For, to put aside other reasons which show this to be insufficient for the purpose in the Anglican rite, let this argument suffice for all; from them has been deliberately removed what ever sets forth the dignity and office of the priesthood in the Catholic rite. That form consequently cannot be considered apt or sufficient for the Sacrament which omits what it ought essentially to signify. The same holds good of episcopal conse cration. For to the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost," not only were the words " for the office and wort of a Bishop," &c.;, added at a later period, but even these, as we shall presently state, must be understood in a sense diffierent to that which they bear in the Catholic rite. Nor is anything gained by quoting the prayer of the pre face, "Almighty God" since it in like manner has been stripped of the words which denote the summum sacerdoiium. It is not here revelant to examine whether the Episcopate be a completion of the priesthood or an order distinct from it, or whether when bestowed, as they say per saltum, on one who is not a priest, it has or has not its effect. But the Episcopate un doubtedly, by the institution of Christ, most truly belongs to the Sacrament of Orders and constitutes the sacredotium in the highestdegree, namely, that which by the teaching of the Holy Fathers and our liturgal customs is called the "summum sacerdotium, sacri ministerii sumnw." So it comes to pass that, as the Sacrament of Orders and the true sacerdotium of Christ were utterly eliminated from the Anglican rite,.and hence the sacerdotium is in no wise conferred truly and validly in the Episcopal consecration of the same rite, for the like reason, therefore, the Episcopate can in no wise be truly and validly conferred by it; and this the more so because among the first duties of the Episcopate is that of ordaining ministers for the Holy Eucharist and Sacrifice. 8.—THE MIND AND AIM OP THOSE WHO COMPOSED THE ANGLICAN ORDINAL. For the full and accurate understanding of the Anglican Ordinal, besides what we have noted as to some of its parts, there is nothing more pertinent than to consider carefully the circumstances under which it was composed and publicly authorised. It would be tedious to enter into details, nor is it necessary to do so, as the history of that time is sufficiently eloquent as to the animus of the authors of the Ordinal against the Catholic Church, as to the abettors whom they associated with them selves from the heterodox sects, and as to the end they had in view. Being fully cog nizant of the necessary connection between faith and worship, between " the law of be lieving and the law of praying," under a pretext of returning to the primitive form, they corrupted the liturgical order in many ways to suit the errors of the re formers. For this reason in the whole Ordinal not only is there no clear mention of the sacrifice, of consecration, of the sacerdotium, and of the power of conse crating and offering sacrifice, but, as we liave just stated, every trace of these things, which had been in such prayers of the Catholic rite as they had not entirely rejected, was deliberately removed and struck out. In this way the native charac ter—or spirit, as it is called—of the Ordinal clearly manifests itself. Hence, if vitiated in its origin, it was wholly insufficient to confer Orders, it was impossible that in the course of time it could become sufficient, since no change had taken place. In vain those who, from the time of Charles I., have attempted to hold some kind of sacrifice or of priesthood, have made some additions to the Ordinal. In vain, also, has been the contention of that small sec tion of the Anglican body formed in recent times, that the said Ordinal can be under stood and interpreted in a sound and orthodox sense. Such efforts, "We affirm, have been and are made in vain, and for this reason, that any words in the Anglican Ordinal, as it now is, which lend them selves to ambiguity, cannot be taken in the same sense as they possess in the Catholic rite. For once a new rite lias been ini tiated in which, as we have seen, the Sacra ment of Orders is adulterated or denied, and from which all idea of consecration and sacrifice has been rejected ; the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost" no longer holds good; because the Spirit is infused into the soul with the grace of the Sacrament, and the words, for the office and work of a priest or Bishop," and the like, no longer hold good, but remain as words without the reality which Christ instituted. Several of the more shrewd Anglican interpreters of the Ordinal have perceived the force of this argument, and they openly urge it against those who take the Ordinal in a new sense, and vainly attach to the Orders conferred thereby a value and efficacy which they do not possess. By thissameargumentis refuted the contention of those who think that. the prayer, " Almighty God, giver of all good things," which is found at the beginning of the ritual action, might suffice as a legitimate form of Orders, even in the hypothesis that it might be held to be sufficient in a Catholic rite approved by the Church. 9.—CATHOLIC DOCTBINE OF INTENTION. With this inherent defect of form is joined the defect of intention, which. is equally essential to the Sacrament. The Church does not judge about the mind and inten tion in so far as it is something by its na ture internal; but, in so far as it is mani fested externally she is bound to judge con cerning it. When any one has rightly and serioudy made use of the due form and the matter requisite for effecting or conferring the Sacrament he is considered by the very fact to do what the Church does. On this principle rests the doctrine that a Sacra ment is truly conferred by the ministry of one who is a heretic or unbaptised, provided the Catholic rite be employed. On the other hand, if the rite be changed, with the manifest intention of introducing another rite not approved by the Church, and of rejecting what the Church does, and what by the institution of Christ belongs to the nature of the Sacrament, then it is clear that not only is the necessary intention wanting to the Sacrament, but that the intention is adverse to and destructive of the Sacrament. 10.—DECISION OF THE HOLT OFFICE AND POPE'S FINAL DECREE. All these matters have been long and carefully considered by Ourselves, and by Our Venerable Brethren, the Judges of the Supreme Council, of whom it lias pleased Us to call a special meeting upon the Feria Y., the 16th day of July last, upon the solemnity of Our Lady of Mount Carmel. They with one accord agreed that the question laid before them had been already adjudicated upon with full knowledge of the Apostolic See, and that this renewed discus sion and examination of the issues had only served to bring out more clearly the wisdom and accuracy with which tliat de cision had been made. Nevertheless, We deemed it well to postpone a decision, in order to afford time, both to consider whether it would be fitting or expedient that We should make a fresh authoritative declaration upon the matter, and to humbly pray for a fuller measure of Divine guidance. Then, considering that this matter of practice, although already de cided, had been by certain persons, for whatever^ reason, recalled into discussion, and that thence it might follow that a pernicious error would be fostered in the minds of many who might suppose that they possessed the Sacrament and effects of Orders, where these are nowise to be found, it has seemed good to Us in the Lord to pronouncelOur judgment. «herefore, strictly adhering in tins matter to the decrees of the Pontiffs, Our predecessors, and confirming them most fully, and, as it were, renewing them by Our authority, of Our own motion and cer tain knowledge We pronounce and declare that Ordinations carried out according to the Anglican rite have been, ancl are, abso lutely null and utterly void. It remains for Us to say that even as We have entered upon the elucidation of this grave question in the name and in the love of the " Great Shepherd," in the Same We appeal to those who desire and seek with a sincere heart the possession of a hierarchy and of Orders. Perhaps, until now, aiming at the greater perfection of Christian virtue, and searching more devoutly the Divine Scriptures, and redoubling the fer vor of their prayers, they have, neverthe less, hesitated in doubt and anxiety to follow the voice of Christ, which so long has interiorly ddmonished them. Now they see clearly whether He in his goodness invites them and wills them to come. In returning to His one only fold, they will obtain the blessings which they seek, and the consequent helps to salvation of which He lias made the Church, the dispenser, and, as it were, the consequent guardian and promoter of His Redemption amongst the nations. Then, indeed, "they shall draw waters in joy from the fountains of the Saviour." His wondrous Sacraments, whereby His faithful souls have their sins truly remitted, and are restored to the friendship of God, are nourished and strengthened by the Heavenly Bread, and abound with the most powerful aids for their eternal salvation. May the God of Peace, the God of all consolation, in His infinite tenderness, enrich and fill with all these blessings those who truly yearn for them. We wish to direct Our exhortation and Our desires in a special way to those who are ministers of religion in their respective communities. They are men who from their very office take precedence in learning and authority, and who have at heart the glory of God and the salvation of souls. Let them he the first in joyfully submitting to the Divine call, and obey it and furnish a glorious example to others. Assuredly with an exceeding great joy their Mother, the Church, will welcome them and will cherish with all her love and care those whom the strength of their generouB souls has amidst many trials and difficulties led back to her bosom. Nor could words express the recognition which this devoted courage will win for them from the assemblies of the brethren throughout the Catholic world, or what hope or confidence it will merit for them before Christ as their Judge, or what re ward it will obtain from Him in the Heavenly Kingdom! And We Ourselves in every lawful way shall continue to pro mote their reconciliation with the Church in which individuals and masses, as We ardently desire, may find so much for their imitation. Jn the meantime, by the tender mercy of the Lord Our God, We ask and beseech all to strive faithfully to follow in the open path of Divine grace and Truth. We decree that these Letters and all things contained,therein shall not be liable at any time to be impugned or objected to by reason of fault or any other defect whatsoever of subreption or obreption or of Our intention, but are and shall be always valid and in force, and shall be in violably observed . both juridically and otherwise, by all of whatsoever degree and pro-eminence ; declaring null and void anything which in these matters may happen to . be contrariwise attempted, whether wittingly or unwittingly, by any <hefson whatsoeverhy whateoeverutdhority, jretext/all things to the contrary not We will that there Bhall be given to copies of these Letters, even printed, pro vided that they be signed by a notary and sealed by a person constituted in ecclesias tical dignity, the same credence that would be given to the expression of Our will by the showing of these presents. Given at Rome, at St. Peter's in the year of the Incarnation of Our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and ninety- six, on the Ides of September in the nineteenth year of Our Ponti ficate. C. Cabd. DE RUGGIERO. A. Card. BIANCHI, Pro-Datarius. VISA. Official of Despatch de Curia : J. dell* Aquila Visconti. "In place of + the Seal. Registered in the Secretariate of Briefs, I. Cuohoni. 