WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON", Author of "Islimael," "Bead Men's Shoe3, "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom Fortune,11 "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All righte reserved.] • Chapter XXVI.—(Continued.1 Sir John Kirkland was the next witness, and the aspect of the man, the noble grey head, fine features, and soldierly carriage, the old fashioned habit, the fashion of an age not long past but almost forgotten, enlisted the regard and compassion of jury and audience. _ "'Let me perish if it is not a ghost from the civil wars 1" whispered Sir Ralph to Lady Sarah. "Mrs. Angela might well be roman esque and unlike the rest of us with such a father." A spasm of pain convulsed Farehain's face for a moment as the old Cavalier stood up in the witness-box, towering above the court in that elevated position, and after being sworn took one swift survey of the bench and jury, and then fixed his angry gaze upon the defen dant and scarcely shifted it in the whole course' of his examination. "Now, gentlemen of the jury," said the Attorney-General, "we.shall tell you what happened at Chiltern Abbey, to which place the defendant, under such fraudulent and lying pretences as you have heard of from the last witness, conveying the young lady. Sir John, I will ask you to acquaint the jury as fully and Straightforwardly as you can with the circum-. stances of your pursuit and the defendant's re ception of you and your intended son-in-law, Sir Denzil Warner, whose deposition we have failed to obtain, but who could relate no facts which are not equally within your bwn know ledge." " My words shall be straight and plain, sir, to denounce that unchristian wretch, whom, until this miserable business, X trusted as if he had been my son. I came to my house, accompanied by my daughter's plighted husband, within an hour after that villain con veyed her a^vay, and on hearing my old ser vant's story was quick to suspect treachery. Nor was Sir Denzil backward in his fears, which were more instantaneous than mine; and we waited only for the saddling of fresh horses and rousing a couple of sturdy grooms from their beds—fellows that I could trust for prudence and courage—before we mounted again, following in that wretch's track. We heard of him and his victim at the inn where they changed horses, she going consentingly, believing she was being taken in this haste to attend a dying sister." " And on arriving at the defendant's house what was your reception ?' " He opposed our entrance until he saw that we should batter down his door ih he shut us out longer. We were not admitted until after I had sent one of my servants for the nearest constable, and before' we had gained an entrance into his house he had contrived to put away my daughter in a wretched hiding place, planned for the concealment of Romish priests or other recusants and malefactors, and would have kept here there, I believe, till she had perished in that foul cavern rather than restore her to her father and natural guardian." " ^ "That is false and you know it," cried Fareham. "My life is of less account to me than a hair of her head. I hid her from you to save her from your tyranny and the hateful marriage to which you would have compelled her." "Liar! Impudent, barbarous liar," roared the old knight, with his right arm raised and his body half out of the box, as if he would have assaulted the defendant. "Sir John," said the judge, "I would be very loath to deal otherwise than becomes me with a person of your quality, but, indeed, this is not so handsome and we must desire you to be calm." " When I remember his infamy and that vile assumption of my daughter's passion for him, which he showed in every word and act of that miserable scene." He went on to relate the searching of the house and Warner's happy inspiration by which Angela's hiding-place was discovered and she rescued in a fainting condition. He described the defendant's audacious attempt to convey her to the coach which stood ready for her abduction, and his violence in opposing her rescue and the fight which had well nigh re sulted in Warner's death. When Sir John's story was. finished the de fendant's advocate, who had declined to ques tion the old butler, rose to cross-examine this moro important witness. ! "In your tracing of the defendant's journey between your house and Chilton you heard.of no outcries of- resistance upon your daughter's side?' _ ^ ... - n .:-- ■ "No. sir. She went willingly, under a de-, '■fusion." ■ " And do you think now, sir, as a .-nan of the world and ivith some knowledge of women, that your daughter was so easily hood winked she having seen her sister, Lady Faveham, so shortly before in good health and spin is?' "Lady Fareham did not appear in good health when she was last at the manor and her sister was already uneasy about her." "But not so uneasy as to believe her dying, and that it'was needful to ride to her helter skelter in the night time. Do you not think, sir, tliat the young lady who was so quick to comply with lordship's summons and bustled up and was in the saddle ten minutes after he entered the house, and was willing to go with out her own woman or any preparation for travel had a strong inclination for the journey and a great kindness for the gentleman who solicited her company ?' " Has that barbarous wretch set yon on to slander the lady whose ruin he sought, sir?" asked the knight, pallid with the white heat of indignation. "Nay, Sir John, I am no slandererbut I want, the jury to understand the sentiments and passions which are the springs of action here and to bear in mind that the case they are hearing is a love story, and they can only come at the truth by remembering their own expe rience as lovers " The deep and angry tones of his client inter rupted the silvery-tongued counsellor. " If you think_ to help me, sir, by traducing the lady I repudiate your advocacy." "My lord, you are not allowed to give evi dence or to interrupt the court. You have pleaded not guilty and it is my duty to demon strate your innocence. Come, Sir John, do you not know that his lordship's unhappy passion for his sister-in-law was shared by the subject of it ? and that she for a long time opposed all your efforts to bring about a proper alliance for her, solely guided and influenced by this secret passion ?' " I know no such thing." " Do I understand then that from the time of your first proposalsshe was willing to marry Sir Denzil "Warner ?" " She was not willing." " I would have wagered as much. Did you fathom her reason for declining so proper an alliance ?" "I did not trouble myself about her reasons. I knew that time would wear them away." "And I doubt you trusted to a father's authority?" ■" No, sir. I promised my daughter that I would not force her inclinations." "But you used all methods of persuasion. How long was it before July the fourth that Mrs. Augela consented to marry Sir Denzil?" " I cannot be over precise upon that point. I have no record of the date." "But you have the faculty of memory, sir; and this is a point which a father would not easily forget." " It may have been a fortnight before." "And until that time the lady was un willing." "Yes." "She refused positively to accept the match you urged upon her?' "She refused." " And finally consented, I will wager, with marked reluctance ?" "No, sir, there was no reluctance. She cams to me of her own accord ^md surprised me by her submission." "That will do, Sir John. You can stand down. I shall now proceed to call a witness who will convince the jury of my client's in- • nocenee upon the first and chief count in the indictment—abduction with fraud and violence. I shall tell you by the lips of my witness that if he took the lady away from her home, she being of full age, she went freely consenting and with knowledge of his purpose." "Lies—foul lies!" cried the olf Cavalier, almost strangled with passion. He plucked at the knot of his cravat, trying to loosen it, feeling himself threatened with an apoplexy. "Call Mistress Angela Ivirkland," said the sergeant in strong steady tones that contrasted with the indignant father's hoarse and gasp ing utterance. "S'life, the business becomes every momenb more interesting," whispered Lady Sarah. "Will be make that sly slut own her miscon duct in open court ?" "If she blushes at her slip from virtue it will be a new sensation in a London law court to see the color of shame," replied Sir Ralph, be hind his perfumed glove, " but I warrant she'll carry matters with a high hand and feel herself every inch a heroine." Angela came into the court, attended by her waiting-woman, who remained near the en trance, amid the close-packed crowd of lawyera and onlookers, while her mistress quietly fol lowed the official who couducted her to the witness-box. She was dressed in black and her counte nance, under lier neat black hood, looked scarcely less white than her lawn necker chief ; but she stood erect and unfaltering in the conspicuous station and met the eyes of her interrogator with an untroubled gaze. When her lips had touched the — book, greasy with the kisses of innumerable perjuries, the serjeant proceeded to question her in a tone of odious familiarity. "Now, my dear young lady, here is a gentle man's liberty, and perhaps his life, hanging on the breath of those pretty lips, so I want you to answer a few plain questions with as plain speech as you can command, remembering that you are to tell us truth, and the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Come, now, dear miss, when you left your father's house on the night of July 4, in this present year, in Lord Fareham's company, did you go with him of your own free will and with a knowledge of his purpose ?' "I knew that he loved me." A heart-breaking groan from Sir John Kirk land was hushed down by an usher of the court. "You knew that he loved you and that he designed to carry you beyond seas ?" "Yes." "And you were willing to leave your father's custody and to go with the defendant as his paramour ?' There was a pause, and the white cheek crimsoned and the heavy eyelids fell over agonised eyes. "Yes; I went willingly—because I loved him," and then, with a sudden burst of passion, ".I would have died for him or lived for him. It mattered not which." "And she has lied for him—has sworn to a lie—and that to her own dishonor," cried Sir John beside himself; whereupon he was sternly bidden to keep silence. There was no intention that this little Buckinghamshire gentleman should be in dulged to the injury of a person of Lord Fareham's wealth and consequence. The favor of the bench obviously leant towards the defendant. Fareham's deep tones startled the audience. "In truth, your honor, the young lady has belied herself in order to help me," he said ; " I cannot accept acquittal at the cost of her good name." " Your lordship has pleaded not guilty." "And his lordship's chivalry would revoke that plea," cried the counsel; " this is most irregular. I must beg that the bench do order the defendant to keep silence. The witness can stand down." Angela descended from the witness-box faltenngly and would perhaps have fallen but for her father's strong grasp, which clutched her arm as she reached the last step. He dragged her out of the close-packed court and into the open hall. ■ "Wanton!" he hissed in her ear; "shame less jwanton 1" She answered nothing, but stood where he held her, with wild eyes looking out of a white rigid countenance. She had done what she had come there to do. Persuaded by Fare ham's lawyer, who had waited upon her at her lodgings when Sir John was out of the way, she had made her ill-considered attempt to save the man she loved, ignorant of the extent 'of his danger, exaggerating the potential severity of his punishment, in the illimitable fear of a woman for the safety of the being she loves. And now she cared nothing what be came of her, cared little even for her father's anger or distress. There was always the con vent, last refuge of sin or sorrow, which meant the annihilation of the individual and where the world's praise or blame had no influence. (To be continued.) 