WINDERMERE. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) The ordinary meeting of the local branch of the Australian Natives’ Association was held in the Natives’ Hall, Two Bridges, last Thurs day evening, the chair being occupied by the president, Mr B. Walton. Mr F. Powell was duly elected as an honorary member, and one bsu'ofit member was proposed. The pro gramme for tho annual competition, which is to be held on the 115th October, was drawn up and adopted. The programme d? a most at tractive one, and Bhonld command the atten tion of amateurs. The treasurer’s receipts amounted to £3 2s Gd. A concert and ball, under the auspices of the branch, was held in the hall, Two Bridges, last Friday evening, Mr W. Anderson, M.L.A., presiding. There was a large attendance of visitors, including a good number from Bal larat and the surrounding districts. A feature of tho programme was the skirt dance given by Miss R. O’Niol and Miss Queonie Burroughs, it being greatly appreciated by the tcudieuoe, and a dialogue, entitled “ The ghost,” rendered by Messrs W. and J. Mitchell, also elicited hearty applnuse. The full programme was as follows:—Ovortnre (piano), Mts3 B. M’Raej song, Miss Ada Charles: song. Mr G-. Cox: duet (violin and piano), Misses J. and M. Barrp song. Miss M. Beaton: recitation, Mr A. Patterson: song. Miss B. O’Niel; dialogue. Miss M. and Mr J.-Beaton; overture (piano and violin). Misses J. and M. Barr; song, Miss M. M'Rie; dialogue, “The ghost,” Messrs W. and J. Mitchell and T. Wol lnrd; skirt dance, Miss R. O’Niol and Miss Queonie Burroughs; song (oomic), Mr W. Mitchell. At the conclusion of the concert a vote of thanks was accorded the visitors on the motion of Mr E. Walton, seoonded by Mr D. Dickie. Mr Jas. Feery also moved a hearty vote of thanks to the chairman, which was seconded by Mr P. Stewart. After the singing of tho National Anthem tho hall was cleared for dancing, and a most enjoyable timo was spent until about 4 o’clock, tho music being suppliod by Messrs Cox and Son. Mr W. Mitchell as M.C. fulfilled his duties in an effi cient mannor. 