SUMMER HOLIDAY GHOST. " They u; that each of those birds has been » pretty iprl at »ome time, don't tbej T' ob served Charlie Williamson, the mercurial mem ber of our party. " By jove, I believe it,'" said the stranger in grey, dashing his cigarette at a handsome sea gull which bad ventured to within arm's length of him. " That thing's been glaring at me for the last hour," he continued, nervously. " If I had a gun, I'd shoot it." "Glad TOO haven't,"said Charlie,solemnly : ** Instead or the cross the albatross Around my neck mi buns. yon know." " Well, dash it, it's haunting me," said the stranger, raising himself ou the seat and waving his cap towards the bird with an augry " Sh-sh-shoo !" " I hope yon don't mean ns to infer that you have prematurely dismissed some pretty girl and that ber gentle spirit is calling out for vengeance," said Charlie with a rougbish twinkle in his ere. "No," said the stranger, "that's not it. But it recalls the rummieat holiday experience 1 ever had, a regular straightforward piece of ghost business. I never think of it without a shudder." " Oh - now - come - that's good," said Charlie. " Tell us all about it-do !"' We wete lounging at the stern of he High land Belle, sheltered by a snowy awnirg from the powerful beams of the August sun. Kor an hour the steamir bad been crawling along the east roast of the Hebrides, we enjoy ing the beauties of bluff and lea. The bubbles ro6e and burst by myriads in our broal and white wake, giving out a gentle, sibi lant harmony to which we listened with langourous pleasure. Just above the steamer's steru there hovered a Dock of sea-gulls which bad afforded us ceaseless a m tisement. Members of the company bad drawn them ou by throw ing thi-m pieces of biscuit until all fear setmed to bate departed fiom tbe birds. Their wild and weird " shree-week " was incessant, and though circling around und rising and falling in a thuusund aerial flights, (hey never scorned to weary or to increase tbe distance between themselves nnd the steamer. Wc had talked about them until the subject flagged. The members of our party were lounging on tbe seats, keeping alert for fresh objects of iuterest and enjoying tbe slight breeze which played under the canvas. Tbere had been silence fo some minutes when seeing that the grey-suited stranger was in tently eyeing the birds, Charlie Williamson had amused us by hia remark. " I'll tell you about it with all my heart if \ou care to listen," said the stranger, raising himself upon the seat into a matter-of-fact sitt ing posture. " We'll listen, you bet. Go ahead," said Charlie, his eyes sparling in anticipation of the coiniug fun. " Well, I never did believe in spooks or any of that ilk, and I don't now," began the stranger, with forced emphasis. " But 1 had one holiday spoiled in this way." " It's nine years this very summer. A friend of mine had come in for a lot of money and had taken a house on the Thames, about halfway between Reading and Oxford. " It was a beautiful place. From the frjnt you could look away over the river and half over Oxfordshire. The back looked out on to a pretty meadow, by the far side of which ran a lovely wood. .' My friend Glazebrook was a really good fellow und made me very comfortable. The first night we sat talking to past midnight, wheu we went to bed. They put me in a beautiful room overlooking the meadow. " As luck would have it the moon was nearly at the full. It was so brilliant that after I bad put out mv light I could not resist the tempta tion to sit down by the window and look out upon the moonlit meadow. Everything was so still and the sky so blue and transparent that I felt bewitched. I had no inclination to go to bed but seemed riveted to tbe chair by tbe window, just looking out, first at the twink ling stars, then at the still, moonlit expanse before me. " I must tiave sat for half an liour when, casting my eyes down to the meadow again, they fell upon a moving object-. It was some thing white, in shape like a human form, but at first it was too far awsy from mo to t ill whether man or woman. I had a clear view of the meadow, and had noticed at first that thi-ro was no live stock or any living creature in it. So this apparition made me Teel qu':er, " I kept my eyes fixed upon it. Slowly it assumed more definite shape, and I concluded that it was coming towards me. It was a woman's form, clad in a lone flowing robe of white. Something by her side flushed in the moonlight aB if the light woiepluying upon a swoid or long dagger. As she came nearer a cold sweat broke over me, and 1 sat anxiously watching. ".About 60 yards from the house she stopped. Raising both arms, from which the long white sleeves hung loosely down, she seemed to begin appealing to me. I reached my field glass and brought it to bear upon her. I made out a facc, white as marlile in the moonlight, bat. beautiful beyond description. I could discern its work ings as she began to gesticulate and make passes with the weapon she held. Her thrusts and menaces were directed towards me, the blade she wielded flashing brightly in the moon light. " Her face was unknown to me, and I could not imagine why she addressed me in that violent but silent fashion, for not a sound reached me. After the show had gone on for about a quarter of an hour, 1 begun to con sider whether it was not my duty to slip quiutly downstairs and make an excursion upon my ghostly visitant. Whilst thinking the matter over a cloud passed before the moon and the figure was lost in the darkness.When the moon light shone again she was gone. Not an object was visible in the meadow from end to end. "I sat until the first blush of dawn illumined the sky, then cold, creepy and tired, 1 undressed and got into bed. But beyond a few broken snatches there was no deep for me that morning. The form and face of the white maiden were too vividly imprinted upon my mind for me to enjoy the repose I wanted. " Thinking that I might have been the vic tim of some illusion I said nothing to Ulaze brook about my midnight experience. We bad a grand day together in the woods and by the river, and at night I retired early. I quickly fell asleep, and bad slept for about an hour when I awakeued with a strange sensation. Glancing towards the window, 1 saw that the moon was shininE brightly and I felt an un conquerable longiog to look out of the window as 1 had done the previous night. I got up and raised the blind and looked out. To my dis may, there stood the same white form tbrosting and parrying with the glistening sword as I had seen it do the night before. " I pinched myself to feel if I were really alive and awake. I concluded I was. The figure continued to gesticulate wildly, so I thought I was warranted in arousing my friend ttlazebrook and telling him of the apparition. I went Boftly. to his room and awakened him. " . Glazebrook,' said I. "Either I'm haunted or this meadow at the back of the house is ; do come and tell me which, that's a good fellow.' .. He came back with me immediately, and went to the window. .'1 Do you see anything P 1 I asked, pointing to the white figure, which now stood motionless j about fifty yards from the bouse. ** 1 Whit-ia-the-name-of-goodness-is it ? * he asked, clutching my arm nervously, ! 1 That's what I want to kno**,' I fluid. * It ^ haunted me l*st night and, as you see, it's here again.' " He watched for a while, and then we agreed to go down and approaob the spectre. Hurriedly dreeing, we armed ourselves with a stout stick each, ant) then stole quietly out of tho frout dour to avoid noiso. Creeping round the house, we crossed the garden aud reached the meadow fence. The figurB hud disappeared. We crossed the fence arxd explored the meadow and the field adjoining, but not a trace of it could we find. " Glaxebrook was dreadfully upset when I told him of all I had seen the previous night. He scouted the idea of it being anything super* natural and expressed the belief that the appar ition bad some burglarious import. The next house to his was two hundred yards away and was inhabited by an old and highly-respected family. There was no other house within a con siderable distance, sod 1 could see that the lone someuess of the position of his own house had been unpleasantly forced home to him. From that day to this the mystery of the white sped re I saw on those two midsummer nights has gone unsolved. Neither Glazebrook nor I obtained tho slightest clue to its identity* But for an hour before our young friend here made that remark about the gulls, I had been struck by the que( r resemblance in minature the face of that gull bears to the face 1 saw through my field glass on the first night 1 spent in Glaze brook's bouse on the Thames/' " Do you remember the date of that visit to your friend's P" usked a thiu, academic-looking passenger, who had listened iutently to the story. 44 It was in 1886," replied the stranger in grey, after a moment's thought. »\Ah ; then it is not a co-incidence," remarked the inquirer. 11 I think I can explain your mid night phenomena. Tho family who lived in the house next to your friend^ Glazebrook's were named Mullery. In the summer of 1886 they had staying with them a bc-autiufl girl of 19, a cousin. She had acute monomania. It took the form of dramatic hallucination, Slie nad a weakness for tragedy and fancied herself a great tragedienne, and was continually reciting tragic parts. On moonlight nights she some time slipped away into a field by the eud of the house aud there declaimed before imaginary audiences. You happened to be there at the time and saw her. I knew the case well, as my ! frieud Dr. Lingontiurst had it in b?nd. I ! believe that she died auout thre* years ago." 14 Then assuming the old tegeud to bo true, it is quite possible that she is in that gall which bas bceu hypnotising our friend here," ventured Charlie Williamson facetioualy, poiuting to the persistent bird a yard beyond the stern rail of the steamer. "Dish it-I believe it is ! But why should it haunt me in that way P " asked the stranger with a convulsive grasp at the rail. At four o'clock in the afternoon of the day bul one after, the Highland Belle touched at Aber deen. Hovering about her stern was a flock of sea-gulls, and boldest among them was the bird which had disconcerted our fellow-voyager. 14 Good-bye," said a hollow voice behind me, an the steamer ran alongside the pier. 1 turned. It was our friend in grey. I knew he hud a tioket for London as wo had. .*. What are you going to do ? " I asked. 14 Go homo by rail," he replied cxcitcdly* 14 Nonsense ! " I said, " Why P " " Look 1 It's there yet," he replied, pointing to tho gull. 14 1 wouldn't go a mile further with that for thousand pounds " He jumped ashore. A moment later we saw him running from the sti amer asif for dear life. A piercing 4i shrce week 1 " drew our attention to the birds boveriug over the stem. Our friend's bird had broken away from the others and was heading a course due south. An hour later we left for London, but that bird-wraith of the stage-struck maiden appeared to us no more. 