FIELDS OF FAIR RENOWN. BY JOSEPH HOCKING. CHAPTER III.—{Concluded.) " Go straight on and you will find your way cut," he said. faintly. "Then go to the engine-shaft and tell—tell" He said no more, for he became unconscious. His overstrained nature at last gave way, and he was no longer able to do what he had ventured so much to accomplish. For a time the young girl seemed too stunned to know what to do. Then she remembered that her only ..means of helping him and saving her father was to find her way to the valley as he had- suggested. It was terrible to leave him alone in the darkness, and yet it was the only thing she could do. She elapsed his hands, but they lay perfectly. limp. She took the oandle from his hard "bat-cap," and tried to examine the wound on hie'forehead, but she soon realized that she could no good in this way. It seemed an ungracious thing to leave him there, but it might be long before, he recovered, and there was no other . means of helping him; she shuddered at. the thought of finding her way along the level alone, but it was the way, not only to her own safety, but to that of others. From his waistcoat hung another candle, the last he had. It was twisted and broken, but she took itfrom him, and in spite of her past terrible experiences lit it with a fairly steady hand. Then holding the -light in her hand, and with a strange yearning look towards Merlin, she groped along the level. At last her heart gave a great leap, for away in front ;of her was light—the light of day. It was onlva, faint streak, but it was different from the yellow light of the candle. With a cry of joy she hastened forward, and yet the cry "she gave wps half a sob, for her heart was sore' at the thought of leaving her rescuer alone in the silence of the dark tunnel. Still it was h«r only means of saving him. She could not help him by staying at his side. At least, so she thought. With many a'fear, and with fast-beating heart, she straggled'towards the light, and a few minntes .later she crept out <of the dark level into the light. . It'was now evening, and. the brightness of day was fast departing, but to her, after more than -five hours-of dense darkness, it was t glaring. At first she looked around her, not g realizing where- she was. . The thought of her past experiences and her safety seemed to daze ner. : SKe 'felt' faint and dizzy, too, but by a supreme effort of the will she mastered herself. Then she' ba.thed .her forehead in the stream which' ran close to .where she'stood, and after drinking of the cold water she felt better. No'sooner; however, did her own strength begin to return to her than she realized the peril of those she had left, and, remembering Merlin's words, she hurried towards the engine Ghaft. - As I said,-tbe Bhades of evening were now athering,' and she Had a difficulty in f finding er way to tbe spot, where a group of people still remained; waiting for news from those who had -gpne underground. It was a sorrowful gathering which stood by the engine-house, and not one of the sad-eyed watchers spoke aloud. They seemed afraid. In subdued tones they talked one to another, shaking their heads when they spoke of the mission upon which a dozen miners had gone. "There ca'ant be no chance," said one. " No; Siah Truscott. do zay itU taake days to git to'em. Poor Betty Martin! an 1 it'll be a wisht Sunday for she when it do come. Two of her booys and her ould man tooked away in a minnit. Aw, tes terrible 'ard." " Its. 3 ' replied 'another; "we must all pray for her. . The Loard is the Father of the fatherless, and the 'usband of the widda." "And ed'nt et terrible-too that Squire Granville and the young laady shud 'a' gome down at sich a time?. They codden 'a' bin down moreii a nour or so, afore they was both killed." •• •"•las, and ahe did seem so peart and pleasant, too. Jjook, who's that comin* runnin'?" 'Tes a maid <i£ some sort. Who can it be?" ' "Dunnaw, Pm sure; but she's comin' this way."... ' • ' ' ' " . ' " Aw, dear! but 'twill be awful wisht to be •'bout here at nights now. Their spirits may take to hauntin the plaace." " Look, thiokey maid es coming 'ere. Why, "tes like that.Miss Granville." "So'taa—-why '.tesshe!" "Butit caan t be she—why she's—law! it c&an;'t be her spirit.-can it?" For a minute they were all held by one belief that the-visitor was not human, and a great fear crept into their hearts. "Tes-she, tes she. Look, sheVe got the same clothes,' only she ain't & got no 'at, and her hair es streamin' down her back. She's oomeback for some' purpose, prap's to tell us somethin', like Betsy Knight's booy ooomed to hes mawther when -he was drowned. Aw, 'era's Siah Truscott.' Siah, you're a praver lsider—spaik to 'er, my dear, spaik to her proper, my dear. -She wa'ant hurt a prayer wider, and a man ov the Loard." The young girl came up slowly, for her strength was DOW nearly gone. _ She was pale to tbe lips, and her eyes were shining with_ an unnatural light. - She came close to the excited group, and then stopped. "Help!" she said. "In the naameof the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, who-be you?" 'said Siah Truscott solemnly. \- - " Help!" she: repeated. "But who be-you?", repeated the miner with tumbling voice.- •' "I am Helen Granville," she replied. "Comeand'belp." "Don'tbe:lured away with a sperrit," said an old woiaian-who'stood by. " Be yew in the flesh or in the sperrit?" asked Siah. To-him it was impossible that she should have ^escaped. There was. he thought, so other way that any one could come than by the engine-ehaft,~ while she came from the valley; and to *±he Cornishman, reared in an atmosphere of superstition, this must be the spirit of the young girl, who was either the sport of Satan, or .else come with a message from "the dead. 1 - "I've escaped," (she said, excitedly. "A young man, called Merlin Bosevear, came to us ana has helped me out. But he lies in the level -unconscious. ' Come and help. Bring stretchers and' all may be saved. My father is there—bh! do come quickly." " But how did "ee git out?" said Siah Trus cot, excitedly. " There's no other way than by the ingin- shaft." > "Yes, that young man knew of an old level A. man called Abraham Richards told him." "Lev me feel yer hand, to be sure you be tellin' the truth," said the old woman, Betsy Flew by name. The youngjsfirl held out her hand, and cried piteously, "Won'twait; eomeatonce!" "Her 'and es warm and plum" (soft), cried Betsey. " The mud do tell the truth." ' 1 Hurrah!" cried some. • "Praise the Lord!" said others more religiously inclined. "I was.wonderin'where Merlin wsb," said Siah, "andnow ' ''Come!" cried Helen Granville; "don : wait." "'Tell us what you do knaw," cried Siah '"and well come," but we do want to knaw what things jto take." Rapidly* she told her story, and a few minutes later a shout of joy echoed through the evening'air* while the men hurried to the valley, and" Betsey, with tottering footsteps, went to the oottages to tell the story. When they came to the level, Siah Truscott, whp became the leader of the band, asked one of the meii to take Helen Granville home, but she; refused. "No!" she.said, "I will go with you. See, I am strong, and I;want to get to my father." • No-further resistance was made, and they entered the level. . ; "How-fur up did 'ee laive Merlin then, miss?" said one of the men. "He said we were about a hundred fathoms from the mouth of .the level," she said, and again they toiled-forward. "It was just'here." she said'presently, look tng aroundI know it was about here. I remembefthis rock." Each -mas carried a candle, and thus the level was lit Up brightly. "But heedn' 'erenow, miss." "Here's his'hat-cap,"said another, "and candle. Where can he be?" "Aw, and this 'es blood upon this stone too." The vountr girl looked eagerly around, but newhere could Merlin Bosevear be seen. (To be continued to-morrow.) 