Religious "Say So." A New Sermon by Rev. Dr. TALMAGE. "Let the redeemed of the Lord say so." —Psalm cvil. 2. There is a sinful reticence which has been almost canonised. The people are qyite as outspoken as they ought to be on all subjects of politics, and are fluent and voluble on the Venezuelan question, and bimetallism, and tariffs, high and low and remodelled, and female suffrage; and you have to skilfully watch your chance if you want to put into the active conversation a modest suggestion of your own ; but on the subjects of Divine goodness, religious experience, and eter nal blessedness they are not only silent, but boastful of their reticence. Now, if you have been redeemed of the Lord, why do you not say so ? There are so many different ways of being converted that we want to hear all kinds, so that our own case may. be helped. It always puts me back to hear only one kind of experience, such as a man teljlng of his Pauline conversion. How he was knocked senseless, and then bad a vision and heard voices, and after a certain number of days of horror got up and shouted for joy. All that discourages me, for 1 was never knocked senseless, and I never had such a sudden burst of religious rapture that I lost my equilibrium. But after awhile a Christian man got up in some meet ing and told us how he was brought up by a devout parentage, and had always been thoughtful about religious things, and gradually the peace of the Gospel came into his soul like the dawn of the morning—no perceptible difference be tween moment and moment, but after awhile all. perturbation settled down into a hope that had consoled and strengthened him during all the vicissi tudes of a lifetime. 1 said, "-That is exhilarating ; that was my experience," and so I was strengthened. Or some Christian woman rises and says, " I have nothing extraordinary to tell; yet I think the cares of life, the anxieties about my children, and two graves opened In our family plot made me fed the need of Ood, and, weak and helpless and heart-broken, I flung myself upon His mercy, and I feel what the BIMs call* tlit ' psa.cs of Ood which passtth all understanding'; aad I ask your prayers that I. may live nearer to the Christ who hat done so much for me." I deciar* that before that woman got through we were all crying—not bitter tears, but tears of joyful emotion ; and in three days, In that place, all the ice had gone out of the river In a springtime freshet of salvation. " Let the redeemed of the Lord say so." 1\. I have but little Interest in what people say about religion as an abstrac tion, but I have illimitable Interest in what people say about what they have personally felt of religion. It was an expression of his own gratitude for per sonal salvation which led Charles Wes ley, after great despondency about his soul, and Christ had spoken pardon, to write that immortal hymn : " Oh for a thousand tongues to sing My great Redeemer's praise t" It was after Abraham Lincoln had been comforted In the loss of "Tad/* the 'bright boy of the White House, that he said, "I now tee as never before the preciousness of God's love in Jesus Christ, and how we are brought near to God as our Father by Him." What a record for all time and eternity was made by Gellaclus, the play-actor, in the theatre at Heliopolis. A burlesque of Christianity was put upon the stage. In derision of the ordinance of baptism, a bath-tub, filled with water, was put upon the stage, and another actor, in awful blasphemy, dipped Geliacius, pro nouncing over him the worts, " I bap tise thee In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." But, coming forth from the burlesque bap tism, he looked changed, and was changed; and he cried out to the audience, " I am a Christian t I win die as a Christian !" Though he was drag ged out and stoned to death, they could not drown the testimony made under such awful circumstances, "I am a Christian ! I will die as a Christian !" 2\. What a confirmation would come if all who had answers to prayers would speak outl Melaricthon, utterly discouraged, was passing along a place where chil dren were beard praying, and he came back saying, '.' Brethren, take courage ; the children are praying for us." Nothing can stand before prayer. An Infidel came into a Bible class to ask puzzling questions. Many of the neigh bours came In to hear the discussion. The Inftdel arose and said to the leader of the Bible class, " I hear* you allow questions asked." "Oh, yet,'* said the leader, "but at the start let us kneel down and ask God to guide us." The leader knelt in prayer, and' then arose and said to the infldel, " Now you pray." The infldel replied, " I cannot pray ; I have no God to pray to. Let me go ! Let me go!" The specta tors, -who expected fun, found nothing but overwhelming solemnity; aad a re vival started, aad among the first who were brought hi was the Infidel. 3\. Let the same outspokenness be em ployed toward those by whom we have been personally advantaged. We wait until they are dead before we say so. Tout parents have planned for your best interests all these years. They may sometimes—their nervous system used up by the cares, the losses, the disap pointments^ the worriments of life—be more irritable than they ought to be, and they probably have fauns which ha>e become op pressive as the years go by. But those eyes, tosg before they took eav spectacles, were watching for your wel fare ; and their hands, not aa smooth and much more deeply lined than yours, haVe done tor you many a good day's work. Life has been to them more of a struggle than you wHI ever know about, and much of the struggle has been for you ; and how much toey are wrapped up in * your welfare you will never appreciate. Have you by word or gift or behaviour expressed your thank* ? Or. If you can not quite get up to say it face to face, have you written it in some holiday salutation ? The time will soon pass, and they will be gone out of your sight, and their ears will not hear, and their eyeu will not see. If you owe them any kindness of deed, or any words of appreciation, why do you not cay so ? Uow much we might all of us save our selves in the matter of regrets If we did not delay until too late an expression of obligation that would have made the last years.of earthly life more attractive. The grave is deaf, and epitaphs on cold marble cannot make reparation. 4\. This chapter, from which I take my test, mentions several classes of persons who ought to be outspoken : among them all those who go on a journey. What an opportunity you have, you who spend so much of your time on rail-trains or on shipboard, whether on lake, or river, or sea! Casual conversations have harvested » great host for God. There are many Christian workers in pulpits, in mission stations, in Sabbath schools, in unheard-of places, who are doing their best for God, and without any recognition. They go and come, and ; no one cheers them. Perhaps all the reward they get is Jiarsh criticism, or repulse, or their own fatigue. If you have ever heard of any good they have done, let them know about it. If you find some one benefited by their alms, or their prayers, or their cheering word, go and tell them. They may be almost ready to give up their mission. They may be almost in despair, because of* the seeming husk of results. One word from you may be an ordination that will start them on the chief work of their lifetime. f. But to make up for this lack of out spoken religion, there needs to be, and wilt be, a Great Day, when, amid the solemnities and grandeurs of a listen ing universe, God will "say so." That will be the day of enthronement' for those whom the world called "no bodies." Some of the wives who In all ages have encourage* their > husband* in the battles of ttf» —women whose name* were tartly known beyond the next street or the next farmhou*e-~wiU Jiave God say to than, "Ton did went You did gloriously! i nw you down In that dairy. I watched you in the old farmhouse, mending thos* children's clothes. I heard what you said in the way of cheer when the breadwinner of the household was In despair. I remember all the sick cradles you have sung to. I remember the backaches, the headaches, the heart aches. I know the story of your knit ting- needle as well as I know the story of a queen's sceptre. Tour mansion on the heavenly hill Is all ready for you. Go up and take It!" And, turning to the surprised multitudes of heaven, He win say, " She did what she could." God will say so. 