Royal Society. BISHOP OF TASMANIA'S PAPER. At the meeting of the Royal Society in Hobart on Monday night, the Bishop of Tasmania (Right Rev. H. H. Mont gomery. D.D.) read an interesting pa per: A NIGHT IN A PETREL ROOKERY. Dr. Montgomery said:-On February 29 last an opportunity presented its-1t of enabling him to observe the hauins of the sooty petrel in its breading places, and he availed himself fully of it. Happening to be at Big Dog Island he walked down to the rookery at 2.30 a.m., under a full moon, to watch the birds till they left their young for the day. A day or two later he sailed out at 9.30 p.m., and stayed till 2.30 a.m., completing, in this way, a night's ob servation. His experience was the same as that of residents in the locality. He was convinced that the petrels came back to their young silently. So si lently that it has a ghost-like effect, in order to give as little notice as possible to their enemies, the big gulls, and to the crows. Hundreds of thousands of birds flash up from the sea and disap pear into their holes just as it is becom ing dark, without uttering a note. The only disagreeable characteristic of this graceful bird is its hideous cackle. For at least an hour, up to 10 p.m., the gurg ling and hoarse noises continue. Then silence falls on the rookery. The young birds are digesting, and the old birds are resting. But the parents are not all in their holes. A great many come out almost immediately,acd walk about amongst the warm, long grass. Fi nally, a great many sleep in the open air. He had spent a long time in step ping about among these sleeping birds as they crouched on the ground. They do not put their heads under their wings. At times a bird would walk up to him and stop at his foot, unconscious of danger, but the slightest movement made them scuttle away like rabbits, for they were quite unable to fly off the level ground. It is wonderful how fast they can run down a track. He had seen a young fellow find it difficult to keep up with them. He saw them dance their ghostly quadrille previous to their departure seaward in the early morning. The young birds (number ing many hundred thousand) were hushed in complete silence under ground. At 5.19 a.m. all the. birds had disappeared to seaward. At 5.23 a.m., just four minutes after the last petrel had disappeared, he heard the wailing of a Pacific gull. In twenty minutes more a squadron of those great crea tures, accompanied by as many crows, came reeling over his head, quaking, wailing, and quartering the ground carefully to see if any belated petrel could be discovered. If any old bird is late he makes for a hole, and does not stir out of it all day. Dr. Montgomery followed with an accurate account of the habits of the sooty petrel from the day it returns to breed in the Bass Straits to the time when it flies away, in all probability to Arctic regions. The sooty petrel. returns to breed about Sep tember 17, having paired already. They commence at once to scratch out their holes, the process lasting off and on for about six weeks. One bird is always seen to be at work, but whether the work is divided. is not known, though in all probability the labour is shared. They do hot stay on the island in the daytime, but come and go when it is dark, because they live in constant dread of the gulls and other enemies whilst it is light. If one is caught by the daylight it retires to its hole and does not stir till nightfall. The petrels depart about November 1, and are only seen occasionally till November 20, when they come back in countless thou sands to lay their eggs-one for each pair. The earliest period for the egg that he has heard of is November 18. Big Dog and Little Green islands are early islands for them.The egg is white, and rather larger than a duck's egg. If the egg is taken the bird does not lay again. If some young birds are taken the old birds still return at night till the first flight for the southern latitudes commences. The eggs, if left in the hole more than three days, are not good for eating, but if secured at once they may be kept for some weeks. If the old birds, oh coming back, discover that their young have been taken, they dis gorge the oil meant for their offspring. During the period of incubation the parents take it in turns, sitting for a week and then exchanging. The young bird appears about June 15-that is,two months after the egg has been laid. These petrels do not live on fish as a rule, but on small sea creatures, such as shrlmps or the berries of kelp, also, doubtless, on very young fish. The baby petrel is in danger for a fortnight or so from snakes, and a certain number are destroyed. The holes are about 2ft. or 3ft. deep. It was asserted to him by both white and half- castes that when the feathers of the young birds are well grown (about the last days of April), and they are able to fly, their parents wholly desert them, leaving them to find the water and food themselves. When the youlng birds have been left for a week starvation forces them out of their holes. It is also attested by all that as soon as the young bird emerges from its hole, dgven forth by hunger, it commences to swallow gra vel, and it is unanimously asserted that until the young petrel has ballasted itself with gravel it can neither swim upright nor fly. A great many young birds fall victims to their enemies, yet the sea is black with them in May, and it is computed that out of 300,000 young petrels in a rookery, fully 100,000 es cape in safety to join their parents somewhere near time South Pole. The birds only visit our shoi'es to rear their offspring. 