The Disappearance of George Dri[?]ell. (Copyright.) PART III. By JAMES PAYN. Mr. Sandeman looked in the next morning after breakfasf; Mr. Chorley had asked him to dine with us the pre-<*> vious night but he thought that his night, iDeing invited, apart-from his wife, might arouse that astute lady's suspicions. His countenance presented a very different appearance from that of the rector's; its cheerfulness was by no -means depressed by the moral delin '■ quency of his former client ; he was now ; acting for 'his son, and had brought ! about—or was on the verge of doing so —?an arrangement of great advantage to ■him, which had seemed utterly beyond hope and could only "have been effected ■by an exceptional intelligence. "Well, you see, my young friend," he said, shaking hands with me very cordi ally, "we were obliged to send for you back to Luxton after all ; we couldn't get on without you." At this I smiled, though It was not a comfortable smile, for I saw that his •speech was not one of mere compliment. " The rector has 'told you> no doubt, of the suocess of our negotiations—he 'has shown you my advertisement, and the success it has me.fc, wslth. We have re plied _-,to .JVTr.T—well,, we can't be 100 cautious, even among friends, iet us say our missing friend—by the same channel, and he has appointed an address for the desired meeting. lam going up for the purpose 'on Monday morning, and you are going with me." I said.l should bo very glad to have the pleasure of his company, but I did riot feel so very pleased. It was evident [that I was not wanted as a mere travel ling companion, The Vector ■ perceived 'ray discomfort, arid hei*e put in his word.1 The dear old*man doubtless thought that the , proposed appeal. would - have more force with me from 'his lips than from • those of another. " The fact is, my dear Frank, we have to ask you a favour that we are very sure, for *all our sakes, that you will not refuse. • We want you to be the witness of wlilch-Mr. priffell writes, and whose presence is necessary for »t!he signature of the deed." "The witness f" oried I, aghast. "Do you mean to say I am to see Mr. Drif fell ?" ' " Well, of course," exclaimed the law yer, cheerfully. " Who so fitting ? In deed you are the only person, at least on our side, since bhe knowledge of the affair,is;to.'be limited, to if our of us,'and ;you -.are already, one of. them... Our miss ing friend wo n't: bite- you." ;; :.-.■■;. . -Never was "jesting, I. ;though:t, more- ill -timed? of, *as. :tho. Apostle "termfl it, :"4h •converi'lenW' • -Tf:. I had 'Qiad 'the courage .to ;be a coward .enough ,1 would have're -fused. •'.• I .did not -..-say: ."no" to va- pro posal W/hich r :felt .to.be. so necessary -the- interests of <iriy friend*; but- thei:idea of meeting-Mr; priffell was hateful'to me. "Even that of doing so in the street by chance had haunted me ever since Mr. Ohorley had had that painful expe rience ; but to do so designedly, • to see the man who had once been so kind to me, but for whom I now felt nothing ■but contempt, was abhorrent to me to the last degree. "It: will;not be a long business," said the lawyer, comfortingly; "the inter view will be at least as disagreeable to him as to you. I doubt whether he will even open his lips. You will not be doing anything inimical to his interests, remember ; on the contrary, you will be ihelping him to make some atonement, which" he will idoubtless be glad to make, for: ,the wrong: that he has done to his own flesh and'blood. . : . T!his [argument was a> sensible one, and had its-weight with me, thqughj as .1 ; hay.c said, in any case I should not have resisted .the appeal. " It will*be very unpleasant," I said— ■ not* it moist be confessed, very gra ciously— "/but of. course- I am in your hands. I will do as you wish." "I knew you would, Frank, unless you were greatly changed," exclaimed the rector a little .triumphantly. " Who ever doubted It ?" observed the lawyer, clapping me on' the back. ■My impression is that he had doubted it,*, and that Mr. Cliorltey had bean cori flident to ■•the contrary^; but;, at all events, 'the matter was settled. I had to look forward as cheerfully. ,as I cquld . to my "black Monday;'/ .. It was In the " bleak NoveriVber," the saddest arid gloomiest month of the year, that I took my way that after noon over the dead leaves and the rot ting soil along the path to the Hall. How often had I trodden it with the ■gaiety and elasticity of youth, and with the certainty .of a jovial welcome from my old playfellow, and how far away that time seemed now. Yet, as t drew near Iflle once hospitable door, it seemed strange that Mr; Driffell was-riot there, as lie was -wont to be at that hour, having returned home tp.lunch, and starting again for the mill, "with his cigar stuck'in' the extre'mef borrier. of his mouth, and eager to be at work again.' No-one was how visible," arid I noticed that the drive in front -rbf the 'house had no impress of wheel or hoof. "I< had heard that no company, save a few intimate friends, were. now received, arid, as it seemed, there were even no callers. It was a comfort to me to see Merton's familiar face, as he opened the door to me, for (though I "don't know wihy, except that everything had the air of change) I had almost expected a stranger's. Whether he was really pleased to see me, or that the gloom of the house had put him into chronic higih spirits, he greeted me with a welcbiriirig. smile. - " This is a sight, Mi*. Prank, good for sore eyes," he was so good as to say ; then, as if repenting of so much cor diality, he added: "But ; you ain't so ■bright- looking as you were, and ever,so much older. Dearie me, what a change a few yearsdo make.",. " I ani afraid it has been . made in other'people,.too, Merton," said I, smiling, 'for indeed the butler, whom I had al ways known mature, llloe his master's wines, had got to. look quite the old man. " Well," yes,, sir; neither the missis nor Master Laurence are what they used to be," he replied, ignoring the personal allusion ;" things are very quiet here —not a bottle of champagne beeti drawn for a twelvemonth. Hbwever, please the p"lgs, there will be some ' pop' to night." A'B he evidently suggested that the wine would make its appearance. in my honour, I forgave him the extreme familiarity of the remark. " Is Mr. Laurence at home ?" I asked. 11 Oh, no, sir; he is at the mill, as usual ; never comes back in tine arter noon to take his snack, as his father did. It's grind, grind, grind, with hirii all day." However wholesome this devotion to business might be for him, as prevent ing his mind from dwelling on less agree able themes, it struck me that it must make his mother's life a very lonely one. " Mrs. Driffell is within, I conclude?" -for the butler had ,■ already -.taken 'charge of-my ha-t and umbrella. . ' " Yes, sir, in the old master's room ; there she sits mostly all her time : .w. The. drawing-room is seldom used, and for that matter the. dining-room might be shut up,, too, as far as dinners are concerned." The contempt with which Mr. Merton hinted at the very moderate character of the meals which were now provided in the stablishment was equal to a folio of condemnation. I was ushered into the room on the left ; hand of the entrance hall, where Mr. Driffell had been accustomed to'transact such business ,as could not well be seen to in the billiai'd-room. It was very sparsely furnished with such things as had sufficed for the master's scanty needs, including even some boxes, of cigars in a cupboard with a glass door ; nothing was added or had been improved upon ; even the volumes in the book cases were mostly old ledgers. An apartment unlike one's notion of a lady's boudoir indeed. Yet here, as the butler had said, his mistress sat every day, and almost all day, in preference to any other room, because, of course, it had been her husband's ; it was the nearest approach to him she could get. If he was dead in the flesh, but still at home in the spirit, it was probable that he would be there, where he had engaged himself in the work that had so inte rested him, but which, he had left so sud denly and mysteriously unfinished. ' The behaviour of those whohave loved and lost is in -this respect::singularly op posite. .Some- avoid every. spot .where .they haye been .together •;■-- the remem brance of every object is embittered by association.;' they-.endeavour to niakp a rhome^ for 7 themselves -somewhere - where :the ■ feet of the loved one have nevertrc d» •den.- Others, • again, • haunt the places • with which he has-been familiar* and every object seems sanctified on which his eye has been wont to dwell. Mrs. Driffell belonged to the latter class, but with a, difference. I fancy that there was some sense of atonement in what she did ; she had hever been able, though she had done her beat, to sym pathise with her husband's pursuits, or even understand their nature. He had not •expected it, perhaps not even desired it; but she had, nevertheless, lamented the fact, and was remorseful about it, though, Heaven knows, she had not been to blame. It was in some sort by way of penance; I: think, that she'sat in his old business- room surrounded by those account-books. " Ah, Frank, how nice it is to see you here again," she.exclaimed, holding out both.her thin, white hands.: ; " But it is a selfish .pleasure.; you' will find .us. very Idull, I .fleai\ ', The Hall' is hot what it used to be." Her lip trembled, the tears rose to her eyes. '* 1 wish for your sake, dear Mrs. Driffell," I replied, '-'that it was in my power to 'enliven it, but for me "the Hall will always be like home. I have never received in it anything but kindness ; it is associated in. my memory with my happiest days." "It is.good of .you to say so," she said, smiling,-"-and good of you to.come back to it, knowing how it has .changed. We hear of all your successes, and sympa thise with them most heartily." She touched,; a-.,eppy: of >the{.?>"t3res!6ent?' ,-tWaf£- lay on the table. "Dr. Garden always prophesied that you would make a name for yourself. . To know that you have done so is one' of our. few.pleasures." What a selfish brute I felt; How very little Iha'd of late concerned my self a*bout this faithful friend. Still, ihaijk. Heaven, I was now about to do what little ...I could for her, or rather for. her son, which, indeed, was ; the same thing. I expressed the gratitude I. felt .for her. kind, thoughts as. well as I could, .which was but poorly, for I was deeply moved.- , Then -I asked after Laurence. "He is,well," she replied, "and takes a great interest in his affairs ; that- is Ms safety-, valve, ;popr fellow. He has .got over -his miserable disappointment.:1 "It was a sad business," I replied ; "but neither die nor Lucy was' to blame." "That is .what he tells me," she said, I thought a little drily. "Pie 'has not a word to say .against her. I hope the consequences which have been so disas trous to him have not so cruelly affected her." This was -not put as a direct question, "but I felt that it demanded a reply. It embarrassed- me excessively, for my mind. had.,been so monopolised by the rector's ..news. and the thought of the ordeal that lay before me on Monday, that,,.l .had for the moment forgotten what- it was my duty to break to Lau rence concerning a matter that had even now/perhaps,' an interest greater, or at all events nearer his heart, than that on account of which I had been sum moned to Luxton. My hesitation, and probably some look of trouble and dis tress in my face, did not escape n^y companion. . '; :■. "Has this girl already found another lover?" she inquired in a tone so curt, nay contemptuous, that, coming fronvso gentle .a creature, I could hardly believe my ears. ' " I believe that there is a likelihood of her being engaged to be married," I answered, " though I have not been posi tively informed of it." "I am not surprised," said Mrs. Driffell coldly ; then added, with an intense ten derness, " Poor Laurence." " Let us. hope, in course of time," I said, " that he will get over his trouble ; some good girl will doubtless be found to make him happy yet." " That has been my hope until lately," she rejoined, " hut I fear that his dis appointment has sunk too deep." It was very inconsistent, I thought, that Mrs. Driffell should have shown such indignation against Lucy for form ing another attachment when it was the very thing she was hoping that Lau rence would do ; but to argue about such a matter, though I should like to have put in a word for Lucy, would have been :i ruit-less. With Laurence I knew it would be different ; -the news might be- bitter to him, but he would attribute no blame to his old Jove. "Do you think it best thait I should tell your sqn ?" I inquired,, ; gently. I most devoutly ihoped she,, would have said "No," feeling very little confidence in my own diplomacy. She hesitated a moment, then answer ed : "If, you will be so good ; it is a painful task to impose upon you, but if I broke it to him I might say things which would distress him and yet would do no good. Being • a man you will have sympathy for Che girl, whereas I, you see, am his mother." I understood her, of course, at once; she could not trust herself to speak of " the girl" to the son who, she was well aware, was her lover still. Presently Laurence came home, and welcomed me with all his old friendship. His manner, which had never been gay, was graver than It used to be ; we say of some men. til at they look "well and hearty ;" he looked well enough, but not hearty—the heart, it seemed to me, had gone out of him. In tone, a/s in form, for the becoming leanness of youth had left him and he had " put on flesh"— he was ten years older. I dined alone with him and his mother, the rector hav ing an engagement (or, as I suspect, having Invented one) for that evening ; and afterwards Laurence and' I ad journed, as usual, to the billiard-room. However, we did not play, but sat over the-.fire yirlth pur cigars. We had talked of the .past,, though it had .hot been easy .•to dp so, so.-far as old life at the Hall was concerned, since 'the 'central figure of it had' to be left iput; and also of our life at .college, with no reference, however; to that fateful May term and our lady, visitors. And we Had talked still more about Laurence's business affairs-; it was the topic that he took most in terest in, and the more eloquent he was upon it the better I was pleased, for it was a safe, subject, in all others I felt there was danger. Still, this reticence about matters which, I was well con vinced, were uppermost in his mind was very uncomfortable ; it was not, it must be confessed, a pleasant evening, and I was congratulating myself that it was ' drawing to a conclusion without the oc currence of 'any unhappy allusion, when suddenly Laurence put this amazing question to me : " When is Lucy going to toe married, G-resham ?" "To be married ! Who told you she was going to be married ?" " You did," he answered with a sad smile, " or at least your silence did so.;; -your avoiding all-mention of. her ..could only be explained one way. You knew, of course, 1 jsrtio.uld be glad to have any news of her. but that>" . "And,why not that?" I answered, not without some resentment. It seemed to me that Laurence was acting the dog in the manger ; since he could not marry the poor girl why should he be angry that some one else was about to take his place. I had not been angry with Braidwo.p.d „ because he had married Grace ; to be sine, there was some dif ference in the circumstances, but I was never of a jealous .temper. . The fact was that I scarcely understood Lav-, renc^.'STiyChara^^er./^hj?,^ even warped ii liad •been' by that.great disappointment of his. life. Even now it seems to me that when a young fellow has failed to secure,'his first love, his best and most natural course is to look out for a second ; at ail events not to fret and.fume at Fate, and to become isolated and morose because things have not turned out at first exactly as he would have had them. There are as good fish in the sea—but these are the views of a philosopher who has long been content to. see • wooing and winning, or losing, without the least inclination to join in so exciting a game. I have avoided speculative investment of all kinds on.principle, and am really no judge of.the conduct of one so utterly different in character £rom myself as -Laurence Drlffeli. . "You are right," he said gently, after a little pause, "I have no cause to be angry. It will be my happiness, and I shall have no other"—he said this with a pathos of which I had not thought him capable, and which filled me with re morse and pity—" to know that all is well with her." I took his hand, and pressed it. "That is right," I said, " and like yourself." "No," he said gravely, " I shall never be like myself again." Laurence was incapable of a joke at the best of times, and the present occa sion.could hardly come urider that cate gory, but his reply certainly sounded very 'strange. A ghost",of a smile per haps hovered on iriy lips, for he went on : "You/may well'think, Frank, that the less I am like my old self the better. There was great room for improvement, no doubt, but some also,for deteriora tion ; and that is the way I-have gone." I murmured something- of incredulity and remonstrance, and laid my hand upon his shoulder. We were, for. the moment boys again, when there.were rid rivals—whether male or female—in oiir regard for tone another. There had-been silence between us for some time,"'when suddenly Laurence exclaimed, with an effiort,»l thought, but quite cheerfully :' "And who' is to be the happy man, Frank ?••••• When I said " Miniver," he drove his heels into the burning logs in front of which we sat, and uttered the only exe cration I ever heard pass his lips. " And why not Miniver," I said gently, " as well as another ?" " Quite true, I was wrong," he replied, like a child who owns his fault ; " just for the moment it was hard to bear, Frank, but, as you say, ' Why not Miniver ?' He is a good fellow ; he will make her a good husband ; but he will never love her ss I loved her—never, never, never." It was very touching to see this pag slon of tenderness in one naturally so unemotional. It seemed to wring his very heartstrings. However, there was no more of it, and before we said good night, which was also good-bye,- he had completely regained his composure. In reply to Mr. Sandeman's second ad vertisement he had received a notifica tion, in the same handwriting as before, that Monday would be a convenient day for the proposed meeting. The hour was four in the afternoon, and the place cer tain chambers' in the Temple, where he was to ask for a Mr. Robson, the name (a,s \we supposed) under which Mr. • Driffell now passed. . ■ The lawyer arid I took the morning ex press to. lioridon, and- after an early • dinner at the Club, drove together to the Temple. It was certainjy the most un pleasant business I had ever been en gaged in. • The relations which had for merly existed between Mr.' Driffell arid myself made it yery hard for me. I felt that, considering my youth, he might deem my interference in his affairs an impertinence. But it was not my fault ; I had had this responsibility thrust upon me, and there was no alternative (except a refusal too discreditable to be thought of) but to go through with it. Mr. Sande man did not like his mission much better than I did, though I have no doubt he' was to be well paid for it. We stepped out of the cab at the Teiriple gates as though it had been a mourning coach, and we had come to bury a Bencher. I 'had never seen the perky little lawyer look so lugubrious. The address we had been directed to was in Essex Court;.a . long list, of names was painted- on the doorpost, and .over one of them was • pasted " Mr. Robson," written on a piece of. paper; in a handwriting which Mr. Sandernan at once recognised. as the same with that of the communications he had>eceived. If we could have read the name beneath it, it might have helped us to track our missing man, but this was not to- be thought of; he had consented to see us only upon the under •standirig that no attempt of any kind should be riiade to discover his secret. Mr. Robson's chambers were on the first floor. In answer to our summons at a miniature knocker, a clerk, Or a person who looked like one, ushered us into a large room, with a' table covered with briefs, all of which, I noticed, were laid upon their backs, so that the names to "Which they were addressed could not be read. "In one minute, gentlemen, Mr, Rob son will see you," he said, nor did he ask us even to sit down. At this I was far from being displeased, since it seemed to augur that our interview was to be made as short as possible. Indeed, In less than the time he had.mentioned he had. en-, tered an adjoining room and returned, bidding us, follow, him. Snow lay thick on the ground, the Court was silent,' and through the muffled roar of Fleet-street I could hear riiy heart beat k In a small; well-furnished room, with •his back to the window, but full in view, sat Mr. Driffell.' He looked older, than his years of absence could account for, and there was a streak or two of gray in his brown hair; but his face, though grave, was far from sad, and it was with a^smile^of welcome that he pointed to a couple of "chairs, placed-opposite-the fire, • arid within easy reach Of hirri;' ", You have brought the papers, Mr. Sandemrn," he observed, "and Mr. Gresham, I conclude, is to be our wit ness ?" The two "Misters," which he had never used before in addressing either of . us, seemed to signify that what lay before us was a matter of business only, and to preclude any possible reference •to our previous relations. "I have them here," said the lawyer, producing them. " Your son has already signed them, I need not say with what' " "-You need say nothing," interrupted Mr. Driffell- austerely; There was some thing in the-dryness and resolution of the tone that roused within me the remembrance of his '■ interview with his " workmen concerning the strike ; " the point is that, they are signed." (To be continued;) 