[! A WOMAN’S REASON. < I - ... ! Scene : A small lei-roora a la .lopsntiw. Storks clamber over the walls anti the frieee seem to be a continuous crane with old-rose Irg* nml a purple bill, The air is tilled with the sharp scent or incense rising from a tiny braiser burning before the huge brass JoSs on the mant< 1\. The hostess awaiU her gucsls in a kimono of many shades,her level eicbrows bare a distinct slant nml her. small feet slip half out of a pair of sandals at every motion. A Japanese servant holds back the rattling curtain and a lady enters. The Lady: “ Oh, Amy, is that you?" The Hostess (smiling): “ No, dear ; it the ghost of my great-grandmother.” The Lady : “ Oh, I see. I've done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't 1 Y' The Hostess (laughing): “Yes, but I don’t know that you need be proud of it !” The Lady (looking about) : “ What time is it, anyway? J suppose they don’t have clocks in Japan. I'm very early?” TheH'stesa: “ A little. No one is Jikc’v to r come for ten minutes. * I got rny«elf into these ' j things in time to have a 'dre*s rehearsal with j the tea things. (Holding up her square sleeve.) Do say something funny, so that I can laugh in this ; it’s big enough to hold a perfect ro*r.” The L&(iy (suddenly) : “ Tom was driving with her again yesterday. Everybody saw them, j Isn’t it perfectly infuriating ?” The Hostess (gently) : “ It is very hard for j you. Do you mind it very much, dear ? ” I The Lady (petulantly): “Mind it? Well, I j should tliink I did! Married only six months and to have one's husband going about with a girl like that! An impossible creature who isn't even in one a own set,. and who wears gowns that are simply ghastly.” | The Hostess: “But perhips—if you were I more considerate—I mean if you didn’t- go out 1 so much with Will Jarvis, who was once well known to be rather epris—” The Lady . (hastily) : “Oh! that's nothing. Tom isn't a.bit jealous. Neither am -I, but be might haru picked out somebody I knew.’’ The Hostess (seriously): “ Do you and Tom really care for one another ? ” Tbo Lady (staring).: “Of course not. Bui we don’t quarrtl—at least, not in public. Why (flippantly), he likes that girl better than ha The Hostess : “ And Will Jarvis thinks it is very poor taste, eh ? ” . The Lady (looking down): “ Perhaps." y The Hostess : M How can you endure a fife ; like this, so full of biiterm-M and danger to yourself and others ? Why don't you and Tom part, and at Last livo honestly ? ” The Lody : “ You mean divorce, of course, I’ve thought of that, of course, but you see I can't—at least, just yet.” The Hostess: “ Ah, then you do care forTom a little, al ter all ! Be patient and Pm sure it will come out—” ? The Lady (laughing) : “ What a senti* mcntalist you are! Do you want to know- the reason ? You know Kittie Hunter—one of mj bridesmaids? On the way down the aisle in the church I overkeaid her wager a dozen pain of gloves that I wouldn’t live with Tom a year I Spitcfui thing! So you sec, I've got to.” ■ The Hostess (looking at her guest curiously j “ Yea, I aoe. You're got to.” 