LADY TURPIN. BY HENRY HERMAN. Author of "His Angel," "Eagle .Joe," "Scarlet Fortune," &e.;, &c.;, and part author of " The Silver King." CHAPTER XV. A HA1D ON THE CAFE PEON. Endalie Verpoint, the adventuress, had lost her habitnal coolness since she had learned that she had a heart. She was no longer the cold and calculating woman who lived only to commit crime and then to skilfully obliterate its traces. She had tricked and entrapped Gerald Theveney, and then, like the fowler who is caught in his own snare, she had fallen in love with him. It was not merely his good looks that now attracted her; of his position in the world alio had ceased to think. She no longer considered him as a prey, as a stake to be played for and won if possible, but as the lord of her heart, the man whom she loved better than life itself. Very weak of her, per haps, but as we know " Women are not In their best fortunes strong." But when a woman loves, as Endalie Ver point did, we all know they are weak indeed. And the girl lived in a constant terror, the terror of being found out. Gerald had Been only too glad to take her at her own valuation—a beautiful girl, a lady, well educated, of good position, of his own social rank. But the time might come when Gerald would make enquiries which it would be awkward to answer, enquiries which would have to be met by lies. It Js very easy to tell a lie, but to build up a whole structure of lies needs genius, particularly if they are not to be found out. And Endalie had grown weary of lying to the man she loved, simply because she loved him so, and when the trim parlourmaid came into the drawing-room after lunch with a telegram upon her little salver Endalie's fingers trembled as she took it up, and the girls face flushed slightly with fear. But a happy smile overspread her handsome faee as she read its contents. "There's no answer, Ellen," she said. And then, as the girl left the room, she turned to the clock. "He'll be here in half an hour,"she thought. And then she looked once more at the little bit of pinkish paper. 418 . '' Please wait at home for me. I am coming 2—^"®' 3rou £reatl f?°od news at half-past "Goodnews!" thought Endalie. "Hecan nave no other good news to tell me than that itis possible to hasten our marriage. Oh, that were once oyer, Mid that I dorm to tell him! But that can never be, for Gerald is an honest man, and would spurn from him the woman who is nothing but a oommoh thief. But then he loves me,, and in that great love of hiBhe may -find pity-—when I am his wife, "but not before. But will ho ever forgive me for cheat ing and deceiving him? Can I ever dam to toll him? No; That must be my very last resource. Fortune has never failed me yet, and surely the cup of happiness will not be dashed from my lips just as it touches thetn. What can his good news he, I wonder? Per haps, perhaps/' she thought—and she became §ale as a ghost at the idea—"perhaps they ave dome upon the traces of Winnie's jewels, and thus, he being placed above suspicion (for he may have fancied he was suspected), he looks upon that as great good news. No, it can't be that." And then the ^ell-known knock was heard at the Outer door of the flat, and Endalie, with a woman's instinct, took one look into the mirror, and pressing her blanched lips between her teeth, and seating herself in a graceful attitude, awaited the arrival of her lover. The door was flung open by Ellen, and. Gerald, who, though dressed in solemn black, looked the picture of happiness, his face wreathed in smiles, entered. "Dearest Endalie," he cried, "you can make me the happiest man in all the world, or the most miserable, for I caunot bear to part with you, dear, even for a single day. I can't, indeed, and I've got to leave London at once —that is to say, within a week or two. And aye or no, Endalie, I want you to make a sacri fice for mc." " There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, Gerald, nothing!" cried the girl. And tnere was a touch of pathetic solemnity in her voice, for she meant what she Baid, and the words came from her heart. And then they kissed each other as lovers do. " And what's your great good news, Gerald?" she said. " I'm burning to hear it." " Well, I'm made a post-captain, dear. I'm to have a quarter-deck of my own. We are going to start a house in Paris, and I'm to take charge of it. It's promotion, I can tell you ; and they were very nico about it, and said all sorts of charming things; and I should never have got it if it hadn't been for the poor old governor's death. You see, they think 'Sir Gerald Thevenoy & Co.' will read well, and of course I can now put in a considerable amount of capital. And what's better still, it will lie all under my own thumb, and I shan't be at the beck and call of old Malder Whatting ham. And now I want you to do mo a great favour. Endalie, I want you to consent to our immediate marriage. You see, the mere fact of my having to go away is the strongest of all possible reasons. Under ordinary circum stances, it couldn't have taken place for six months at least. But now we can bo quietly married, and we can take a fortnight's honey moon, and then settle down in a little nest of our own in Paris. And all you have got to do, Endalie dear, is to say yes, and then you'll make ine the happiest fellow in all the world. You won't hesitate, Endalie? You won't refuse me? I've got my chance, and I shall never have such a big ohancc again. Why, with luck in ten years' time, one needn't worry about business. I shall have made my pile, and we can come bock and live at the Rook's Nest, if wo like. What do you say, darling? Dearest Endalie!" "Gerald," said the girl, "you know I can't refuse you anything. I ought to blush when I say the words, 'IJove vou so that I can refuse you nothing.' But, Gerald, what will the world say? What will Lady Mcxey say? and your sister, too! And oh, Gerald, my aunt's dreadfully par ticular! She'll certainly malic all kinds of difficulties." "Oh, for the matter of that, bother our sisters and our cousins and our aunts!" cried the young fellow enthusiastically. "We're Ixrth of age, Endalie, I suppose, though you don't look it. I can buy a special licence, and we can be married any morning, and nobody need be any the wiser." "Gerald, don't be ridiculous!" cried the girl. " You might as well suggest a postchaise and four, and a marriage at Gretna Green. I'll talk to aunt, I can'tsay more, and you must be very nice with her and very firm, and say it's got to be, you know, and between us wo' shall talk her over." " I'm not sure that the. special licence and the marriage in the morning wouldn't be the best way, Endalie," cried the young fellow. "Your aunt's bound to make all kinds of diffi culties—aunts always do—and she'll want to have the settlements seen to, and that will take no end of time. Those lawyer fellows never will hurry." " I don't think that need take long, Gerald," said the girl softly, placing her hand in his. " When I marry you, I trust you with myself, and if I can trust you with myself, surely I can trust you with my property." " Of course you can, little woman. Every thing would be made fair and square, and I daresay even lawyers might be got to hurry up j underpressure." And then there was a little pause, aud pressing of hands, and the young people looked I into each other's eyes as young people do under such circumstances, and then Endalie, in a strangely serious tone, asked her affianced lover a very strange question. "Gerald," she said, would you mairy mo if I were a penniless girl? Tell me really. Would King Cophetua take the beggar maid?" " You know I would, dearest!" cried her lover. "You mean it. Gerald, don't you?" said the girl. . " You really mean it?" "Indeed, indeed, my darling, I do," cried the infatuated youth. And he did mean it, because for him there was but one woman in all the world, and that one woman was Endalie Vcrpoint. "Gerald," said the girl, and she looked at him with solemn eyes, " Gerald " She seemed about to speak again, but she was silent. The impulse to confess everything to the man she loved better than life was strong. Had she really been a penniless girl she would, loving and trusting him as she did, have confessed it then and there, believing in the strength and truth of Ins affection. But she dared not. Her courage failed her at the last moment. She could not tell the man she ' loved the story, the shameful story, of her life of crime. "I was only trying your affection, Gerald," she said with a little 'laugh. " I don't think even the beggar maid could have been a hap pier girl than I am now; and if I said all I think, Gerald, dear, and told you how happy I j ani, perhaps you might wish me more coy and reticent. Ah, Gerald, I do so pray that no thing may come between us." " -urn me ^tween us?" cried young Theveney. j vm °r could ever come between us? When I was a ruined man you came to my assistance nobly. Do you think that I can ever forget that? Do you think that I can ever for get that it was you who saved me from the ' consequences of my own monstrous folly? And lolly's a mild word. 1 was more than a fool; ] 1 was a criminaLwell nigh a thief, for I wasi guilty of a breach of trust, and knowing that, I dear, you love me and trust me. still.. Endalie, : if ever there was an angel in this world it is ' you, love." . " Ah, you say that because you haven't found me out," said the girl with a laugh in which there was the slightest tinge of bitter- i ness. "H you only knew I—ah, if you only knew!" " But I do know!" cried the young fellow, and as he spoke the words the girl started. " 1 can quite fancy that I'm not the first man who lias admired you, Endalie; Others have done so and doubtless told you of their affec tion. Why should they have hidden their love from a girl whom any man might be proud of? I am full with hideous retrospec tive jealousy," he added with a laugh. " Gerald I" cried the girl a little proudly, starting to her feet, "I swear to you that you are the first man that ever whispered words of love to me. I never thought or cared for any man in that way—never, so help mo heaven ! Say you believe me, dear; for I can honestly look you in the face and tell you that." " Believe you, Endalie ? Of course I believe you." At that moment the door opened and Mrs. Hill came in. Why, Gerald! — the very last person I should have expected to see. There's nothing wrong in the City, I hope?" "Nothing whatever, dear Mrs. Hill," said the young man, as he took her outstretched hand and shook it warmly. " I've got a half holiday. They have let me out of school for the afternoon." And then ho told her of what he termed liis " slice of luck." "And now, Mrs. Hill," he continued, "I have come as a beggar. A most pertinacious beggar. No amount of headshaking will drive him away. I have talked over Endalie, and practically she refers me to you. Dear Mrs. Hill, you will help me, won't you? Of course, my father's death naturally has post poned our marriage, but I am an excitable fellow, and I don t think I could stand the suspense of being away from Endalie. Why, every day, here in London, I count the j minutes till five o'clock, and this sudden move is an honest reason for hastening on our mar riage. There's nothing to bo got by delay, and you don't know what an extra six months of happiness means to a fellow like me. We can bo married at on eg. Even old Malder Whattingharn, who is a cantan kerous old fellow, agrees with me that that's the possible thing for the business. 'Simplest thing in life,' he said. 'Why, when I married Mrs. Whattingham, I went away at eleven, and we had our wedding breakfast at Bircli's and I was back again in this chair at two.' And he was. I have often heard it in the office. But I don't go so far as breakfast at Birch's, and going back to the office at two. But can't we say this day week?" "It is absolutely impossible, Sir Gerald, absolutely impossible," replied Mrs. Hill, drawing herself up." It isn't to be thought of for an instant. It's a kind of hole-and-corner proceeding that I couldn't think of countenan cing, and I am quite sure, if Endalie looked at it in a proper spirit, that she would agree with me. Why, it would be a scandal' What would your poor, dear mother have thought of sucli indecent haste? Besides, what would everybody say, and what would every body think of me? They'd say I didn't want to give a proper breakfast. Besides, every body's married by banns now, and that takes tliree weeks at least, and then there's Endalie's trosscau. A lady doesn't start on her honey moon, Sir Gerald, with a Gladstone bag and a hand box. It couldn't be thought of for a moment. And then there's a maid to lie engaged if you're to live in Paris. En dalie would want a maid who spoke the lan guage; and a highly respectable lady's maid who speaks French takes finding, let me tell you. They don't grow on trees. And then there arc the settlements. I'm quite sure, dear Sir Gerald, when I've talked it over with Endalie, that she will lie of my mind. There are a thousand and one things to be taken into consideration that you men know nothing about. Do you know, Sir Gerald," said Mrs. Hill, dropping into a chair and fanning her self violently, " that you have quite taken my breath away?" But Gerald was full of persuasive eloquence in his desire to win her over—he almost made love to the old lady before Endalie's very eyes, and he only desisted when Mrs. Hill very reluctantly promised him that he should have a definite answer within twenty-four hours. And then he stayed to dinner, and after dinner Endalie played and sang to him, and he found himself m the seventh heaven, and once or twice Mrs. Hill left the two young people alone. But she came back all too soon for this ardent lover, and at length Sir Gerald took his leave, feeling in his heart of hearts that even a week was a terribly long time to wait. From this it will be concluded that Sir Gerald Theveney was very much in love in deed. "Give me a cigarette, my dear," said Mrs. Hill, "and let's talk it over. Nothing could have happened more opportunely. He must have his way, of course, for in this world one never knows what's going to turn up, and the rcspectable-loooking plain-clothes officer, with the badly fitting boots and a couple of pairs of neat steel handcuffs, may turn np at any moment in our ease. But once in Paris, Endalie, and married to him, it's a, very different pair of shoes. They might bag mo, and if they did, I'd do my time,_ and you could trust me not to split. And neither Mike Roan nor Ellen would peach, because, you see, it's worth their while to be silent, and J'd stand to you, Endalie, just as though I was really you're aunt, for you're all I've got in the world, dear, and I feel like a mother to you, and always have, for you're an ornament to the profession, and a girl that any woman might be proud of." "Don't, aunt," said Endalie. "Don't take me back to it, even in thought. J've done with it for good and all, thank God! Oh !" sne cried, as she burst into a flood of passionate weeping, "Oh, that I could only tell him 1" 'Tell him, you fool?" cried the elder woman, clutching her wrist. "And what good would that ao, pray? Never trust a man. He looks upon you as a little better than the angels. But once a man finds a woman out, its all up with her, as you'll learn sooner or later. Why, my girl, if you were to peach, though you were my very daughter, I'd think no more of choking the life out of you than I do of throwing this end into the fire." And flinging the cigarette from her, she suited theaetion to the word. "For women like you and me, Endalie, there's no such thing as sentiment or romance. We've got to think of business. We've made our pile. We've got to stick to it, and there's no crying back and showing the white feather now. Do you know what it would mean? It would mean ten year.?, ten years _ of the steel. You don't know, what the steel is, my girl. I do. I've had the nails worn off my fingers with picking oakum. I've been fed on skilly and done my turn in the darks, till it wasn't a pri soner they'd got, but a dangerous mad woman. How would you like to bow and grovel to the | female warders, and be dressed like army, and j have all your pretty hair clipped off till you ! looked like one, and to have to clean your cell, and stitch and sew all day long if you were a good conduct woman, and to be preached at and prayed at bythe chaplain and the lady visitors, and to have to turn hypocrite for the chance, of getting. agood conduct badge and sugar in your tea? No. Endalie. for the like of you and me there's no turning back." But we must return to Mr. Brown. Mr. Brown ordered a carriage from the hotel and passed his afternoon at the Sweet Waters of Europe, where he admired the Turkish, Greek, and Anueniau ladies, not a few of whom favoured him with a smile; then ho dined. He ordered a magnum of Deutz Geldermann '84. and lie asked some of his American and English acquaintances to join him. Now, there is something very seductive about a magnum of Deutz Geldermann; it is a difficult sort of thing to refuse, particularly in a place like Constantinople, where the wines are usually more miscellaneous than good. Mr. Brown and his friends discussed a second magnum; and then, fortified by coffee and liqueurs, they sallied out together to the Cafe l'lon, just to have a look round, you know. And Mr. Brown and his friends greatly admired the Greek and Armenian ladies with the big eyes and the yellow com plexions, the full, ripe lips, and the magnifi cent heads of hair whom they met there saun tering about on the arms of their husbands, brothers, or fathers; and they agreed that Pera was a very dressy place indeed, and that these _ semi- Oriental types of female beauty, clad in the latest Parisian fashions, which they saw in the garden of the Cafe Plon, were truly delightful. - And perhaps the big, black, bold, bright eyes seemed bigger and brighter and bolder because Mr. Brown and his friends had had that second magnum of Deutz Geldermann; and they sat and smoked, and drank thoir mastica, as is the custom in Pera, at the little tables, and then somebody suggested that they should go upstairs and have another "little flutter." Mr. Brown was nothing loth; in fact, he was particularly anxious to have a "littlo flutter, because, you see, Mr. Brown was an observant man. lie had looked on the previous evening as Mr. Detective- Inspector Bender, and as we know, nothing could escape the eagle eye of Mr. Detective-Inspector Bender. And ho had fancied, nay, he was almost certain, that the roulette, as played at the Cafe Plon, was not altogether fair and square. He had noted that when the pre ponderance of the money staked by the players was on the red, that black invariably won, and vice versa. "And," thought Mr. Brown, "if I were not on duty, I tnink I could make it rather hot for that bank, because all a fellow would have to do would be to keep on betting small sums upon the colour on which least money was staked to win every time." But Mr. Detective Inspector Bender, being on duty, did not play, IIo had occasionally won or lost a perfunctory mejidieh, but that was all. But now, Mr. Bender's official duties in Constantinople being finished, lie felt that Mr. Brown, the tourist, had the right to enjoy himself, and being a good-natured fellow, Mr. Brown, the tourist, communicated his brilliant idea to the two friends who had accompanied him from the hotel, and all three watched the game for a while, and came to the conclusion tnat the ingenious Mr. Brown's theory was a correct one; and, perhaps be cause human nature is human nature, all three men had a " little flutter." They could not "go for" very large sums, because if they had even equalized the two colours then the theory of course wouldn't work. But the throe wont steadily on with five-franc pieces, occasionally popping on a Turkish lira, and they almost always won. And Mr. Brown and his friends, in some twenty minutes, had made quite a nice little thing out of it; and while they were rejoicing and pulling off coup after coup, and just as Mr. Brown, the tourist, had whispered under his breath to his friends—"This is the sort of game a fellow doesn't get tired of," an ele,ctric bell was suddenly sounded three times in succession, and then there was a noise of a struggle, and the electric light liecame suddenly turned out, and the whole place was in total darkness for an instant, and everybody seemed to bo scrambling for the money upon the tables, and men began to hit out right and left. And Mr. Brown, the tourist, felt that somebody had grasped him round the waist. But he shook himself free in an instant, seized a chair, and managed by using it as a club to keep the crowd off nim. And then the big door of the room was opened suddenly, and three Turkish officers entered the place followed by a crowd of zaptiehs bearing lights. The scene was rather a startling one. The greater portion of the money which had lain upon the various,tablos had disappeared or been scattered upon the floor. The head croupier at the roulette table was struggling wildly for J the possession of a big steel cashbox which contained the bank of which he was in charge, J with a bearded Greek of ferocious aspect who was kneeling upon his chest. The dealer at the faro table, an oily-looking Armenian, was comfortably seated beneath it, nursing his j cashbox as though it had been a baby, while : in another corner of the room was a little struggling knot of some half a dozen persons, all of whom had laid violent hands upon the small steel box which contained the bank of the trcnte-et-quarante table, and were all pull ing different ways, while the croupier, whose face had been severely cut and was bleeding ! profusely, was lying upon the ground shrieking j for help, and, hanging on valiantly to the iron box by one handle, was acting as a sort of j sheet anchor to it. One of the Turkish officers addressed the crowd in Turkish, aud another made a little speech in French. "Gentlemen 1" cried the latter. " Any one found to have been using a weapon will be dealt with very severely. You must all consider yourselves our prisoners. Besistance is utterly useless, and I declare this illicit gambling establishment closed by order of His Ex cellency I'ezzivink Pasha, Minister of Police." Three of the zaptiehs now advanced, and each man carried a sack. Into it they thrust the rollette wheel, the painted cover of the faro table, and tho dealing Ijox and the cards and the scoring hoard used at the game of trentc- et-quarante, and the three iron boxes that contained the money of the adminis tration ; and then they proceeded to pick up the coins and banknotes with winch the floor was strewn. And then the crou piers, hankers, and servants of the admini stration, having ljeen previously searched, were ordered to leave the place.- They were, of course, all well known to the police, and there was no likelihood of their running away. The French-speaking officer of police now seated himself at one of the tables, and pro duced a portfolio, and one by one he took tho names and addresses of all present. To those inhabitants of Pera with whom he was acquainted he gave a friendly nod. One or two of the players were ignominious!y m^clied off by the zaptiehs. When it came to the turn of Mr. Brown, the tourist, and his friends, they gave theu^Mhkess at the Hotel do " You*will llear nothing jpwe of°this," said the polite Turkish police officer, "Gambling is, as you are possibly unaware, illegal, ana we have to make these little raids occasionally. Good evening J" Mr. Brown and his two friends congratu lated each other as they walked back to. the Hotel de Byzancc. " I think we air uncommonly well out of it, don't you, sir?" said one, a tag Yankee, ad dressing air. Brown. " I guess if one of them critturs had laid hands on me, I'd have had to have shown him what we mean by ' gouging' in the States.. Remarkable country, Turkey, sir! That's what they do. They forbid play by their laws, and then they quietly proceed to wink at it, and three or four times a year the police people just raid the Cafe Plon as you have seen to-night, and some poor devil or other gets six months imprisonment as a warning, while the rest of us air allowed to march out with the honours of war, and as for the 'spondoolies,' they air a perquisite of the police people. That's the system. It's just a rotten country, Wal, here wo are at tlio ho- tel.' I guess we had better liquor and retire, for we ain't presentable. My coat's been ripped up the back, and your collar, Mr. Brown, seems to have been torn out by the roots. But that was a noble system, Sir, you invented, and we owe you a deep debt of grati tood. I am iu this city on business for several months moro, and 1 shall exploit that system of yours. They'll play just as usual to-morrow night, you know. But to-morrow morning our names will bo in the Levant Herald, and we'll all get an advertisement for nothing." "Did you get robbed?" asked Mr. Brown, the tourist. "Wal, no," said the American, " I did not, sir. They tried all my pockets except the sly one of the pants. That was where my dollars were." " I was lucky enough to keep my winnings." "So was I," exclaimed the third man. And then the party called for whiskies and sodas, and went quietly to lied. When Mr. Brown was undressing, ho found that though his money and his watch were perfectly safe, the little packet containing the two coloured diamonds had disappeared. Mr. Detective-Inspector Bender swore a great oath. "That's a stroke of black bad luck!" lie cried. "Perhaps it was chance. Perhaps," he added, "Mr. Eli as, the Jew, was a smarter man than I gave him credit for being. Ho may have smelt a rat. If he took the stones, he won't send Koja Arntoon to ask for the money. In any case I'll he off by the Orient Express, and I'll just leave the value of the two gems with the Consul-General. But I'll bring it home to Moreoni Raccoldi and their friends yet, or I'm a Dutchman. Why, I've actually had the stones in my possession, and I can prove the fact by just bringing over that old Armenian broker to Bow-strcot." Mr. Inspector Bender left, as ho had deter mined, by the Orient Express, after a short visit to the Consulate. And Koja Aratoon was considerably astonished .that Elias, the Jew, made no application to him for payment. " He and the Englishman must have squared it in some way." he thought. " Anyhow, I've been done out of my commission." 