CHAPIBB VI. TEE ELEMENT OP MYSTERY. Away from bja mother'0 embraces, with a novel sense of#hame burning his oheeks, slid witb deep bewilderment in his mind, walked Captain Dick, without pausing to turn to look round, bs bis mother, leaning i'eaviljmpDn her dainty|gold-headed parasol stick, slowly retraoed her step3 to the house, with her eyes bent upon the ground, looking lop once her full age. j How was he to understand this obfcnre I revelation which had been made to him? I She was evidently involved in some secret trouble which he w&8 not able to gnageP And how was it possible for him to release her in the manner she had sug gested P Cculd he, Jaok's loyal friend, ever dare to cffer himself for the vacant place in Margaret's heart, even supposing I that it had became possible for her to so far forget the logfc J over as to listen to the new ? The instinct of the son was strong with in him, and had any voice whispered to him the possibility of his rescuing her from the consequpnosB of some indiscretion or error by an act of Belf-&aorifice;, he would grate {folly have obeyed the voice, however great the coit imposed upon him. As it was, the voices were silent, as umal, and he was left with a new sense of responsibility tjpon him, and with a vague dread of Bome indefinite element of mystery which seemed to have been introdaced into the ordinarily placid and uneventful life at the Cottage, and which coHld only be expelled by a plunge into some uncertain course of conduct suoh as a eailor, accustomed to steer by his chart, must naturally regard with mis givings and diBlike. A long walk along the sliff failed to bring him any clearer views cf what it behoved hira to do, bnt only oonfiraseJ his conviction that if his marriage with Margirefc was tbe on'y solu tion of this problem, it was oat of the qurs t'on. He was always etriotly honest with himself, and n°.var nur?edth« delusion that he wa3 invincible. Margaret, he knew, looked upon him with sisterly rather than cousinly kindness; but he knew that she could never love him as Bhe had loved Jack, even if he himself, as the summer days went on, were to fall in love with her. "No," he said emphatically, to himself, " that is absolutely beyond the range." Mrs Gardmgtoa did not revert to the subject of her conversation with her son, and for some days they had hardly met, «ave at dinner and in the drawing-room afterwards, when Margaret was generally present. Their manner was certainly noticed by her to be rather constrained and formal; bat they were never demonstra tive, and their effort* to maintain a decent show of mutual interest and sympathy did not ocoar to her to be anasaal, Mrs Card ington seemed to have relapsed into the complacent and self-concentrated enjoy msnt of her novels and her little selfish* ness; and probably har eon would have come to regard the scene in the garden as a mere hysterical display of feeling on the p»rt ot one whose thoughts were deeply j steeped in the unreality of the world of fiction in which she habitually lived, had not a slight ocourrenca once more revived hiB bewilderment. He had risen at a very early hour one splendid morning, and hastily dressed in his flannels, with the intention of going out for a dip in the a?a. The servants were not npj and the front door was Btrongly bBrred and bolted. Not wishing to disturb the house, he quietly opaned one of the French windows of the drawing-room and stepped ont into the garden. Hig bathe might have been obtained from shore in front of the house, for the old sailor had not only oat a zig-zag path down the faoa of the cli2, but had also, at a considerable o^afc, ole«ed away the rooks to make a narrow causaway of sand and shingle for h»a own convenience wh«n de sirous of bathing, and &1bo for the passage .of a small boat, which he kept in a great fissure or cave in the oliff just underneath th3 flag-poa'. Bnfc two mUea away beyond the villaga was an attractive bay with a beach of soft sand and Captain Diok took his way thither, enjoyed his bathe, and s&t; for half an hoar on the shore in the sun shine reading a book which he had taken with him in his pooket. His way home led through the village, and aa he passed along the straggling street he saw a fignre come quiokly out of the poatrcffi '.e and turn up the atreet in the direction of Flag-poat Cottage. Now, unless his eyes deceived him, that wan the figure of his mother, and this was a surprising fact. His mother never got up until eleven or twelve o'clock, except under very exceptional oiroumstancss, as when she had sought the interview with him in the srarden. Ha wont into the post-cffiae. It was the general shop of the village, and- he often purchased tobacoo here. The tradesman was jast engaged in delivering the morning letters to the poafcman; bu$ w*s not ao busy that he could not spare a moment for a word or two with the " Oaptain," as Diok WAS genorally called in Northoombe.' " Morning, sir," he saii, a? Captain Dick entered. " Good mofiiing, Gtrey. Have yoa any 'Gold Flake'!" " Tea, sir. I had some in yesterday, so it is quite fresh. How much, sir t" " Oh, half a dozen ounce paokets will do. It's a fine morning. I've been down for- a bathe. You've had an early customer." "Yes, sir, Mrs Oardington sometimes steps down on fine mornings for the let. ters. Mostly, the old servant comes j bat she's been away just a fortnight, they tntl mo and fha mlntrana haq haon down every morning. A. wonderful old lady, your mother, air, Ah, early rising is a grest thing for the health 1" Here waa a second surprise. Hannah, to his certain knowledge, waa at the C Jttage. " Doesn't your man deliver letters at" the Cottage 1" he asked. " Not since Mrs Oariington stopped him Yon see* sir, he goes round by the top xoad to the Oaatle first; ani Mra Car .diogton Baid she weald like to hare the letters earlier, and by sending down yon have them an hour and a half earlier." '. Oh, I aee. Well, good morning, Carey, ril'juafc overtake my mother." " Good morning, Bir, and thank yon." He harried after his mother; bat either Mrs Oardmgton had walked with preter natural rapidity, or she had stopped at some house on the way; for when he reached the bead of the road, where he could command its whole length up to the gates which opened into the drive, there was not a human being to ba seen. It was impossible for her to have already reaohed the gates, unless she had gone at a running psce-and that was out of the question. He decided that she had stopped somewhere on the way, and sat down on a gate to wait for her. But when upwards of half an honr had passed, and no Mrs Oardington appeared, he went on to the house, and found the front door open and Hannah in the hall. " Has my mother come in P" he aslced. Hannah stared at him in amazement; "My mistress is ia bad, sir. She has I had a very bad night, and will not get up until luncheon." He gazed at her in blank, speechless astonishment. An exolamition of < impa tience at the bare-faced falsehood by which Bhe was trying to impose npon him almost escaped from his Hps,; but he ohecked himself and turned angrily away. " What, in the name of all that is reason able, am 1 to understand by all this ?" he aaked himself. It is only fair to explain that the main road to the gates and the carriage- drive did not conatituta the sole approaoh. to the Gittage. There was another way; bat Gaptain Dick was net likely to re member it, or, if he remembered it, to entertain the possibility of ita being need by his mother. If, instead of pursuing the main road, Bhe tamed sharp to the laft fifty yards from the post-cSne, she could take a lane, a narroV Devonshire lane, which led straight down a gorge, or gaily, to the shore, and was seldom used except bj farmora who were carting Beaweed or shingle. Tflen by climbing a steep bank she could enter the woods which filled up the space along the coast between the village eaat and the Cottage west, and between the highroad north and the sea south, These woofs swept along to the very edge of the cliff, and reached to a paint within a hundred yards of the Cottage gaidens, from whioh they were divided by a paddook and a high wall. But in the wall was a tfoor, which opened into & shrubbery. Mrs Cardington took a path through the woods whioh was prob ably hardly ever trodden upon save by the coastguardsmen, orosB9d the paddock, and passed through this door, the key of which she carried. Then instead of taking a path through the /shrubbery whiob would have brought her to the carriage-drive close to the frontdoor, she unshed aei^e some bashes and came to the front of the turret, in which was a em ill Joot completely hidden by the luxuriant growth of evergreens. This door Bhe also unlocked, and olimbing a stone spiral stair case to the top of the tower, opened another door, and found herself in what *33 known | ns the " Admiral's Room*" Prebably C ftp tain Dipk had forgotten this entrance long ago. It was supposed to have been inventel tg a means of escape in case cf fire. Once, many years ago,'he had found hig way from the " Admiral's Bonn," and had noticed the door, and then bad gone down the staircase stlUlower and discovered a second door, which led no one knew whither. Bat his mother had never ainoe the time when she first took tip her residence at the Cottage, when he was eighteen and Margaret three, allowed the keys of the tower to pasa out oi her own possession, doubtless thinking that an op portunity for secret expeditions or asslgna tioaa might be opened either for her Bon or the servants if she did so. That his mother Bhoald make nse of a secret entrance never entered his unsuspicious mind. By an effort of will, befote he had finished dressing, he dismissed the whole matter from hia thoughts, and determined that he would emancipate himself from the oppres sive influence of the presence of some element of mystery at the osttage which had began to spoil his enjoyment of hia Btay on shore. At breakfast Margaret's face was a little brighter than he had seen it of late. She had had a letter from Molly, who Bald she wonld oeme to spend August with them at the Cottage. Margaret waa full of delight fall anticipation of this visit, and re- j marked " Isn't it good of aunt to let me have her here ? I know she does not think she will like her ; bat I am sure .that Molly will Boon get into her good books. We mast get ap some expeditions for her." "By all means," said Dk)k. "Bat what do yoa s&y; to oar having one of oar old walks to ' R«gged Uaatle' to-day ? It's toe fine & day to hang about here all the time." " I coald go after luncheon," said Mar garet. This was sorely a step in the right direc tion. If he coald only get Margaret to obeer np a little, life woald be less heavy for him as well as for her, and Dlok was beginning to find things rather slow. Mra Cardington beamed approvingly on the proposition, and Margaret took oat her sketoh-book for the first time that sammer. "Ragged Castle" was an old ivy-olad tower, whioh stood on the edge of Hill boroagh Park, aboat two miles north of Flag-post Cottaga. The park belonged to a young nobleman, who had three other homes and a yaoht, and seldom disturbed the quietude of his Devonshire oastle. His house in Lmden, his shouting-bor in Soot land, and his hanting-box ia Leicestershire, carried him pretty well through the year, and a month or two at Htllborough was as muoh as he oould ordinarily manage. When they reached the rain they sat down, and while Margaret sketched Diok tried to amuse her by describing some of the more amusing incidents of his voyage. He was jaat congratulating him* self upon at last Buooesding in making her laugh by his most humorous story, when an interruption ocourred by the arrival upon the scene of a lady and gentleman, the former of whom held up an eyeglais and studied the picturesque, unaonaoloui of the presenoe of strangers. "Charming!" they heard her saying. " A most respeotable old ruin. It only wants the ghosts of your ancestors to make it com plete. " I am Afraid I can't make them walk oat for yonr benefit by daylight, Mrs Foyle. Bat here, if I am not mistaken, ia a rather pretty girl, who will possibly be as accept able." This sentence wai spoken in an undertone, and the gentleman advanoed and took off his hat. I "I thought I could not be mistaken," he said. " How do you do, Miss Grantham ? How are yon, Cardington!" Captain Dick sprang up. " It's Lord Gharlbcry 1 And oan I be lieve my eyeB," he oontinued, " Mrs Foyle 1" " It ia Mrs Foyle," said the lady laughing. "Oh. you know one another!" said young Lord Ciiarlbury. "How the-but, of oourae, you ve met abroad Bomewhere ?" "Jast BO; at Gibraltar, Halifax, the Cape, and Colombo. Mrs Foyle is cos mopolitan, and I have come aoroaa her ot heard of her pretty well all round the globe." " Do introduce me to your sister," said I Mrs Foyle. " My oousin, Miss Grantham, Mrs Foyle," and Dick added Eomething whioh Margaret I did not hear. .'This is delightful," said Mra Foyle, drawing her aside. "I know Jack Ingram well, and ha told ma all abant yon. We met at the 0»pe on the last voyage. Where Is he now 1" " He is dead," said Margaret, quietly. " Dead 1" " Yea; he waa lost at sea." "Mj dear Miss Grantham, yea are wrong. Mj husband a»w him three weeks ago on board a steamer, and saw him land at Southampton. Charlbary 1 Dlok, oome here- quiok! Miss Grantham's going to faint. I am afraid I have taken her by surprise. There is something quite wrong abont this." Diok was jaat in time to give Margaret the support of his Btreag arm. Bat al though she seemed on the point of losing oonsoionsness she did not actually faint, but in a minute or two was full of anima tion, and even gaiety. Jaok was alive i Bat where was he ? Why had he not oome down or written? (To be Continued). 