Original Poetry. ROBIN'S LAST FURROW OR THE SELECTOR'S TROUBLE. He was'nt a bad horse was poor Robin, Aye staunch and true to the last, He ne'er stuck us up in a bog Sir, But his memory's a thing of the past. Rising nine when my story opens And feed was scarce in the land, It was a poor look out for the farmer With his stock trying to live on the sand. And Robin was poor, could we help it, Chaff was so awfully dear, Five shillings a bag in Balranald, Crops were a failure that year. I said to my boy on the Monday, There's an acre or two over there I'd like to get ploughed and the seed in, We'll take the old horse and the mare. And little did I dream as I led him With the mare away to the plough, That his entrails were full of the sand Sir, It baffles the vets, even now. He worked all right when we started And pulled his load as they say, When I noticed his stride a bit awkward 'Ere the close of that short winter's day. Poor brute he was willing, not able, The furrow full six inches deep, When quite unexpected he faltered, And fell down all of a heap. I rushed to his side, but I knew Sir, The pulse was at a very low ebb, When Robin gave in 'twas a case Sir, And my heart felt heavy as lead. He died, and we held a post mortem, I was the doctor of course, His heart was the size of a bucket, You'll guess the pluck of that horse. The lining inside of his stomach Was white as the fallen snow, And rotten as freetrade shoddy He had'nt the ghost of a show. Dwarf melons I'll bet, no the verdict Was died from the shifting sand, It blocked up the natural passage Technicalities I don't understand. And we gathered in solemn conclave, And swore by tho hope of our soul If a cure did'nt arrive very shortly, Bankruptcy was our ultimate gaol. 'Twas sorrowful to see us departing And hear the doleful good night, While the magpies contented with plunder Were winging their homeward flight. Ah friend the heart aches and troubles Of farming what pen can describe, Your crop withered up ere it ripens, And sand in your horses inside. Im only a poor struggling farmer, And what with the rabbits and sand, And the birds they're as bad as the locusts It's more than a mortal can stand. Six horses in the course of two years, It seems like a blight from above, I've noticed when a farmer goes down hill Bad luck seems to give him a shove. I thought when I took a selection, And built a home for the wife, I'd rear up the family in comfort And live happy the rest of my life. When the children grew up and got married Like others for better or worse, It would never be said by the neighbors They left with an empty purse. My dream has been only a bubble, Blown when the winds were calm, My offspring toiling for strangers, A mortgage hanging over the farm. The mallee selectors' an ass Sir, He wears out his life on the land, This year a smiling prairie, Next year only mallee and sand. I rose when the farmer had finished, And prayed with uncovered head God save me from a mallee selection, And send me to the poor house instead. SKIPPER. Mebost Farm, August 9th, 1896. 