* STALKING A SPIRIT. At Spiritualistic Seances. MA.RVKLS AT MACDOXAM). TOWN. tfanlfeslatioiiB and Malcriali ISHtiOIIM. -Under Mies Wood'* Mcdiuuwlifp. Pochn the Indian Girl. Materialises and Mimchefc Chocolates. Sings, Waltzes, and Writes. I. (By 'Didymcs Thomas,') It ii now esveral yean ago since I- first joined tk« Sydney press as leader of the reporting etaff of one of the dailies. Being young and ?nthnaiottic, a new comer, and on my mettle, 1 was naturally anxious to distingoish myself by some unmally emart piece of ?work, the more sensational the better. Parlia ment being oat of eeesion. the Law Courts in long 'vacation, and no particular brutal murder or bold burglarly occurring to afford ' ?cope foe the blood-curdling descriptions of '' \ gore and agony so eagerly devoured by the tsverage reader of tbe daily dreadful I was beginning to deipair of distinguishing myself, when 'fortune seemed to 'favor me by throw ? ing in my way what looked like a lucky ; opportunity, In the courte of my peregri _? ' rations through the Government offices for Dews, one of the officials in the Work's ' Department, with whom I had become mtiuate, related to me some of the mys terious manifestations he had witnessed at a SPIHITUALISTIC SEANCE AT MACDONALDTOWN produced in the housi of Mr. Backnell, a Queensland squatter, through the medium ship of Hies Wood. My informant, though, aot avowing his absolute belief in the genuine , ' ness of til he saw, declared that he was almoit convinced. What he told me piqued my curiosity, and seemed to point to the opportunity for which I had been seeking, that of providing a I sensation' for my paper. I determined, if possible, to attend the seances for the deliberate ' purpose of capturing the spirit. Concealing my inten tion from my friend, 1 asked him to get me an introduction to MISS WOOD'S CIRCLE which was at tbat time being conducted by Mr Gale, the late postmaster at Paddington, recently deid, and who was identical with the Mr. Gale, whole name was so prominently mentioned in the press in connection witb the alleged exposure of the medium Mrs. Mellon. He promised to do his best for me, but warned me tbat Miss Wood's circle was a very exclu \ dive one, and her conduotor, who haa to ap J prove all introductions, was very chary' about admitting newcomers. It was found that \- there were very strong objections to my pre 'aence at any of tbe seances, as I was known to \- le a journalist Ultimately these objections : were waived on my giving a promise not to ?captiously criticise what I saw there. This jOTomite I ill the more readily gave, as it was aot my intention to deal with the matter at «11 unless I could succeed in securing a real ?sensation,' in the flbape of a captured spirit, 5n which case I should feel absolved from a promise given to those who had attempted to ?defriitd and dupe me. gf^ , MY FIRST SEAKCB. I will remember my first Visit to Mies .-. ' AVood's 'circle,* as it was called. 'The house, '?Tieibie from the Macdonalatowu fitilway ... ' Station, wai built on an elevated slope, the front portion resting on piles, the rear letting ' . on the solid earth, so there was a considerable . _ space between the bottom of the flooring of the. front rooms on the ground floor and the Igioand beneath them. These particulars'! jobserrsd as I approaohed and entered the louse, which .had the form of a donble cot ' tage. On entering I was ushered into' a well lighted front parlor, one of the two facing the street, and divided by the usual hall or pas sage, Z found a numerous company assem ' bled, including several persons' whom I knew fcy sight. After being introduced to Mr. and vHri Bucknell, the host and hostess, to Mr. 'Gale, the oonduotor (to whom I paid the : stipulated seance fee of ten sbillingi), Kiss ^--^Wobd entered the room, and shook hands with all present, She'ii long since, dead, poor . thing, so that I wish to, speak as well of ber as I can, because, though cynically inclined, I tare a »upetstitiom regard lor tbe dead-Hie ? - morjuig nil nisi bonum. But to tell' the . simple truth, ehe was far from being a striking or fMoioatiug personage ; on th» -eo'ntraiy, she . was'the Yiiible embodiment of ; .MELANCHOLY MEDIOCRITY. ? listless, pale, -and emaciated, 'as 'though about \- ' to take- ner final and irrevocable departure for the. land of those spirits with, .whom she pto ' fesied to deal. I had fortified myself for my ' contemplated spirit capturing adventure, by reading up spiritualistic literature, including 111* tapping confessions of the Fox sisters, the air-walking and cabinet exposures .of Home and the Davenport Brothers, the proiecution of tbe slate-writing Dr. Slade, in ? London, .and 'finally, the fantastic adventures of ' the notorious Cora v. Taplis— ail'of them smart Yankee -folk, eveiypne of whom had been denounced and exposed : as spiritualistic swindlers. Whether the impression; made on . ' my mind by this coarse of reading expressed itself in my countenance, or whether the fact ? ? tbat I was a journalist being known; to them, ? : caused them, to be suspioiotn of 'tae. I caunot say, but certain it is that both Miss Woods ? «Bd her oonduotor received -me- with » dir- ' . fident, conetiaiued air, ^o,tf -i^pA^ftSijtWip ? demMnor towards others* I oouJd'^Me^thatr : they euepeoted that my iatmtipas war* not 'honorable,' and were on their jufrd against ; ?--,.beMM.ih4^,,t»lieTi5a ^J^MttMBT' gatxi against them. ' r. ?-.: - .-?' ,; ' ' '': ' BEFORE THE CURTAIN. ? 'All being assembled and everything ready we were ushered iito the corresponding front, ' parlor, where the seances' were held.- :Here : .we found that one doroer of.the room kad been partitioned off by a curtain, the triangu lar. _ep»oe behind which allowed little more ? than the room necessary for the chair on which the medium was to sit After a few ' preliminary instructions and admbnitioneas , to how ws were to oomport ourselves during the sitting in order to encourage the manifes tations, Mr. Gale, the conductor, invited me, a« a newcomer, together with a gentleman whom I recognised as Mr. Dalgarno, the able and courteous secretary of tbe General Post office, to examine tbe walls and flooring of that part of the room where Miss Wood was to sit, and then to securely fasten her to the chair by. means of stoat twine, the edds of which were secured to the floor by means of sealing-wax, impressed with Mr. Dalgarnos1 own private seal All this we were invited to observe and do, in order to assure our selves that all wss fair and square, and free from any risk of trickery or deception. CHARMING THE SPIRITS. Miss Woods being secured to her seat is the manner described, Mr. Gale, the conduc tor, ranged the sitters, to the number of twenty or more, on two rows of chairs acroas the room, facing the medium. I was placed in the back row between two gentlemen whom. I did not know. All being ready, we were told to join hands and finally admonished as to the conduct and frame of mind necessary to encourage the spirits to come. Taen tbe curtain was dropped before the medium, who was then quite hidden from view, and the gas was turned down so lbw as to prevent us distinguishing each other's features. In this 'dim religious light,' Mr. Gale — who was an elderly gentleman, with an abundance of long, silvery, Parkesian locks, and vulture shaped features— muttered in deep, mysteri ous tones, ' Now, friends, let us assist the medium by singing 'Shall ws gather at tho Biver,1 setting tlie example by starting, in quavering notes, that well-known selection from Moody and Sankey's revivalistic reper toire. Away we all started : . Sltnll tee gathtr at the rir'.r, M'htri bright angtl fell him trod. With in ciyt'al tide former Plotting by the throne of God? imitating the slow and low melancholy method of the leader, who, before we got to the middle (or even the margin of the river) called out in a ghostly tone sf voice, 'Hush!' Already the room had become oppressively ciose, and seemed, even to me, to be pervaded with a peculiar magnetic or electric atmosphere, which I attributed to so many persons sitting closely packed, with hands clasped, for so long in a confined room, under such peculiar circumstances. The reaion for stopping the singing was to give the spirits a chanca to manifest. But they didn't just' then. Miss Wood not having gone off into the necessary trance. So we tipped the spirits another stave, which brought us to the margin of the river, where we again paused at the command of our choral con ductor. Then from behind the curtain cam* a sound like THE SPLUTTERING OP SALTPETRE which, were given to understand, was caused by the shivering, shuddering sensations ex perienced by the medium as she was entering into the trance, or in other words, temporarily shuffling off her mortal coil to enter on the confines of the spirit-land. Thus encouraged, we once more uplifted our subdued voices in sacred song, and would actually have crossed tbe river this time had we not been oppor tunely stopped mid-stream by our vigilant con ductor, who told us that tbe spirits bad arrived at last Some of as, half stifled by the dose atmosphere, had almost droned to sleep ourselves on our journey towards the river, hereupon aroused ourselves, and waited for the spirits in fear and trembling. Bat the spirits did not appear, although we per ceived behind the curtain, and at tbe bottom, which reached down to within a couple of inches of tbe floor, A PALE PHOSPHORESCENT LIGHT, which seems to be a favorite illumiaant with spirits. We were told that this light, which seemed to gradually spread and grow brighter was evidence thas some spirit or spirits were attempting tonutanaUiu, that is to say, trying to pat on their corporeal bodies of visible flesh and blood. Then the light disappeared, add a voice from' behind toe' Car tain (which I could have sworn was &Ut; Wood's, but which the voice iUelf alleged to be tbat of a little North American Indian girl, named Pocba, aged eight years at the date of bar physical demise) asked for a little more singing. At the instigation of our con ductor we recommenced our. melodious efforts, this time singing a well- known dirge-like hymn, with the following melancholy chorus; On the street Eden there, Eden shore, Eden shore. Tin Home of the Happy, Whcrefrtends have gone before, We'll tarry and rat, tarry and rat. Tarry anireit on the shore. or words to that effect Then Pooha, through the medium, began to talk to us again in Miss Wood's vpioe, and prof ferred to sing us a hymn, which sbe did. It was something about invoking the blessing of God on a ' little Ohurch round the corner,' tbe words of the chorus being rendered in tbe following infantile. fashion :— ? Dated Nni de Hit church around it torner' the impression oopveyed to my mind being that it was tbe Voice of Miss' Wood trying to imitate the accents- of a four year old child. The words ^rnight .have been the words of Pooha; ? but the voice was the voice of Mis* Wood. After thij, Pooha told us a lot ot incomprehensible things about herself ; but whep asked about her- parents, sbe knew nothing of 'them except .that she had left them on earth 'in the forest' Asked the locality of tbe forest she could not tell, nor could she sty whether it was in British North. America or in the United States, in fact, she seemed quite oblivious of her birthplace. ThiB ignorance concerning her nativity might have been due either to the mythic*' character of Pocha's existenoe, or to the medium's lack of even the rudimtnts of tbe geography of North America. ' Pooha was then asked to show h'sNelf, that is to materialise and come 'from behind the curtain. She seemed at once bashful and fearful. Questioned, ike answered that she was afraid that Mr —— (mentioning my name) might injure her. asked-toi explain, sbe said the spirits who were with her had told her to beware of me -bjcjj^w, . '?' ' '??-, -*-/ 1 %$flE6 Sho'Ot he* 7 if she showed kersrif. Being coaxed and eiv .flgftragea by th* eonauotor, jfko WB-»4 to Jtf P» T»ry f flindVatd oonfiisntia! tyrms -*jFth her, ehe' contented to come eut on Thy gfcfing a solemn promise lot to leave my seatfor te attempt to molest her inaayway. This, of course, I was compelled to do. Strange to eay, ,1 had a small derringer pistol, Ibaded, in my waistcoat pooket, for what purpose I meed not state, .Nobp.dy could have kaowo. posi tively that I had this weapon ; /and whether Miss Woods, the medium, or jUr. Gale,'- the conductor, suspected it, or whether Pooha, with her spiritual eyes/had seen it I could not say : but I sceptically concluded tpat the first con jecture was tbe more cermet. My promise having been given, the pale;, blue-grey, phos phorescent light or vapour/ again began to ap .pear, and presently a fdr^U about four feet. high began to emerge by {'degrees from behind the curtain, notat the aentre where the oiir -tain divided, but at the end next the wall farthest away from me. EVERYBODY HEtD THEIR BREATH, or seemed to do so, as the -figure slowly .emerged into view. / At first it advanced, and then receded, and then encouraged by the ' voice of the oondubtorlt timidly ventured a few f »»t from the (curtain towards tbat end of the front row of/ the oircle, where Mrs Gale, the wife of the c -nductor, was eeaUd. It ?was Pooha tight e lough — quite a» certainly as Hamlet's ghost on the stage is the disem bodied spirit of tb e murdered King of Den mark! Mrs Gale \ »nd Pochi stemed to be ?Id friends, en thl most affectionate terms, {b»J«dr «4dieHiBKlthe spirit form of Focal / -in the moit caressing term* of endearment. If I renjemher rightly Mrs Gale gave Pooha some lollies— chocolate creams— which seem to be a favorite confection1 among spirits. Quite a long conversation ensued between Pochaand ber earthly friend; but though invited by several of the sitters, including myself, to advance farther in the 6smi- circle, sbe for a long time deob'aed to do so, but remained close to Jfra, Galo, and that part of the curtain where Bhe had first shown herself. After a lot of coaxing, however, Pocha consented to advance to the small table which stood between the sitters and the curtain, and to write a note addressed to me, first exacting another solemo^ promise all round that she should not be disturbed in any way. A SPIRIT 'WRITING AiLETTER is no common sight, when jou can see if. Unfortnnately in this instance ibe dim light in the room only permitted us to see the out lines of Portia's form, neither her hands nor feet nor her features being visible, as she approached and stood at the table. The whole operation only lasted about twenty seconds. When it was finished, Pocha promptly disappeared behind the curtain, not by the way she had emerged, but through the central division of the curtain, which was a much shorter cut. it being right behind lier, and close to the table. When she- had gone the gas was turned up, and Miss Wood came out of her trance, with the same saltpetre spluttermg-like sonnd with which she had entered it On examining the note which, the spirit of the little eight-year-old Indian girl had left on the table, it was found to be written in lead-pencil on a scrap of note paper. Spirits always use pencil, they having, apparently, a 6trong aversion to ink, probably through fear of staining their flesh Ie£9 fingers, or their ethereal drapery. As a SPECIMEN OF PHAKTOM CALI GRAPHY Pocha'e note was not bad, while it proved that this Indian spirit couJd spoil English much more correctly tfhan she could speak it. We mundane mortals usually pronounce it better than we spell it. and if we can't pro nounce it better than Pocha could sing it, we can't write it at all — as a rule. But then in the spirit world everything is reverned. Tbe handwriting wai such as one would expect from a young woman of, say, Miss Wood's ago and station, rather than from a little heathen Indian girl of eight years old. Tho purport of Pocha's note was incomprehen sible to me, though I was told Jhat it was intended to encourage me to investigate the phenomena of spiritualism with an open mind, which, if I did, I would reap great benefit, bith in this worli and the next I am bound to confess that I remained sceptical even after these marvellous manifestation!, and in my heart PRONOUNCED POCHA A FRAUD, which I resolved to expow. That the ma jority of the other sitters believed ber to be a genuine spirit, I am firmly convinced. No one could see or speak to Mrs. Gale witboat being persuaded of the truthfulness and benevolence of her nature. Her character was stamped upon her placid and benign features, and sincerity shone out of her eyes. She had frequently spoken with and touched Pocha, and even caressed and kisied her, and was a* firmly convinced of the genuineness of Pocba as is Annie Besant, or any other theoBophist, of the inspiration of Madame Blavateky or any other 'Mahatma. For my part, I was puzzled — not by what I regarded as the vulgar imposture of Pooha, but at the credulity — the glaring gullability— of intel ligent educated men, who certainly seemed to btlieve more firmly and sincerely in this clumsy caricature of the unseen world than many Christians do in the Divinity of Christ What I had seen and heard so far, convinced me that the whole .thing was a fraud, which I was determined to expose and^denounce. How I proceeded, and succeeded, ia this task must be reserved for narration , is another chapter. 