TOLD BY A LIOHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. " My man, do you want a berth f Muid he 44Ayr, aye, c;ip|>en/' said I. "I want one bndly. I'm half-starved and half- frnxeii." He made no answer, but justasigu («» follow him, and bcstulked away and I |*'gg«'il nfier him. Ho kept close along the short; as we walkrd, and for ft while lie sst'l nothing. At last, however, he turned and pointed seaward. 44 You Bee that Y'' said he. lie indicate a lighthouse on a lonely rock. 4* I'm the ktrper/'said hr. 441 want you to conk my meals and keep my bachelnr's hall for me. Now and then i shall want you to »ow in Ind buy piovisions. The work won't be bard, a think the pay will suit you. Do you know why 1 chose you ? " 44 No, cappen," said I. " Beceuse I saw (hat hope was at an end with you," In: aaid. ** It's only a matt wlio had come to that who could live with me in a lighi house/' "I was ou a d<sert inland oncc," said I. "After that I shan t b<; afraid of a lighthouse." I'd been in a lighthouse before; it was tioncw thing to me but after I'd lxi«n there a few hour* 1 wondered what mv master hired me for. It wrb likf bring petitioned off; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, wlu-n it c*me eight, and I he wind began to ruoso about the lighthouse, and th« lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and a)) the #oui)d we beard was the swash, awash, swash of the waves, my master I mixed some grog and callc<l me to sit along with j him. That looked sociable, but I can:t aav he did. He sat glowering over bis glass for a while, and opening bis mouth as if to speak, and trtiutfiiig it again. Ttien said he : 44 What's your name P" " Ben Dare," said I, 44 Would you mind calling yourself Brace P" he awked. 44 I've no reason to be ashamed of my name," ssid 1. " Look here," said he, 44 I am a gentleman born and bred. I never came to earning ray bread before. Tin ashamed of it. This is what I mean. If »ny strangers come out here to ask for William Brer, why, you can say you are the man. Vou claim to be ligbtbousc-kee|K>r. It's ! easy. I don't supiwsc much company frill call, [ but 1 choose not to see them, if they ao. That's I what 1 hired you for." j " Oh," said I. i 14 You see/'said he, '*1 got this place through | a rich man who had influence. Those who gave | it to me never saw me If I die tome day,why, ' here you are in the place. If 1 go off, and I I may, here you are still until then. I'll pay you | well, and you know your duties." I "Well, ifc'a shamming/'said 1,41 but, after i all, what does one care what mv name is, and I what shall I call you P" 41 Call me nothing," said he. ** (/all me Cap tain, as you did when 1 met you, but never speak of me to any one." Gentleman or no, he wasn't lacy. He didn't | care how he worked. The lamps were as bright ' as jewels. There wasn't a speck of dirt in the whole tower But let anj boat come nigh us, away he went and hid himself, aud came out with a white, scared face and a shaking hand. At sight be was afraid to go up to the tamps alone, and he'd look over his shoulder and turn white as we stood together. At last he took a new turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low voioe: '* Brace, do yon believe in ghosts P" "I havn't considered the question," I answered. 44 Well," said he, eoftlier than before, "look into that corner," and he pointed. I looked# " Don't you see anything P" be asked. "No,"said I;41 no, Cappen." "Ah," he muttered, 44 very well, very well. I'm glad yon don't." But that wasn't nothing to what happened the very next night. Wc slept in two bonks nigh each other, and naturally when he woke up with a yell I woke, too. He was shrieking and shaking and wringing his hands. '* The woman! the womao! " be said. " She stood bet just now, all red with blood, it drip* pod down the white ruffles. It dripped on her bands. Stop her! stop her! She cas gone to call them. 6topherI stop hurl" " Where did she go P" I asked. He stared at me with his wide open eyes, all the white showing, below and above. 44 Sbe couldn'tnave been here," said he. " It; was a dream." 44 Lord love you-a nightmare," said I. So we went asleep again. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew used to her. The Cappen, as t called htm, got to be worse and worse every day. I wanted to go ashore and fclch the doctor, but he would not hear of it He raved if I tried to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night in June. It was burning hot all day, aod a dead calm mt night. About dark the Cappen went to sleep, end I went and sat where I could see the water end the lights ashore. It was so clear that I; could hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in their foreign lingo. And I was sort of quiet and dreamy like, when something happened that waked me mighty wide and audden. Something was standing on the steps below me, something came toward me. It was a little slender figure, with long hair all about its shoulders. I couldn't see its faoe. I don't think I really aaw it plainly at all. But it went past me softly while t looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white raffled gown, and that she had gone to the room where my I master lay. I shook too bard for a moment to ! move; but as «oon as 1 could I started up to go j to him. Just then a voice cried : I I 44 Lighthouse, ahoy!" I I nnxvcrrd. "Aye, *y®»' and stopped a bit. Duty first of all things with a sailor. A boat lay at the foot of tbe steps, and four men jumped out of it. *4We want William Brace, keeper of this lighthouse/' said one, a big man in a linen over* coat. 44 I'm one that answi rs to the name," says I, He swung a lantern over my head. 44 Searclf tbe place, my men," said he. There was no use aaying anything, but I did try to stop them. " I've got a sick friend aloft," says I. "Don't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will skeer liirn anyhow, he's so low." 44 What womsnP" B<idbe. ** Tbe one that came aboird with you, air/j said I. ** No woman came with us/' be snarled. 44 Stand aside. Men, do yourduty." They went upstiirs. 1 followed. I saw them walk into the Cappen'* room. I heard them ciy out and stand still. When I got to the dour thty stood in a row looking down on the bed. 1 looked, too. Man nor woman conldn't frighten the Cappen more. He was dead. 44 What had lie done P" I asked the oQicer 44 Killed his wife," said he, "that's all. No sfce -fl< served it; but it's sot allowed by law when they do." 44 God help him," said I. 