THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Tie was discovered, nursing a 2-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men In Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an.invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well,' I ! am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." . "How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEAVE OFF WORK, and I have done nothing since then. ' About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident;' I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were some- thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a SAW WERE CUTTING MY BONES in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to my- self and everyone else. I was incessantly shiver- ing and shaking, and could rieithèr eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told nie that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable ' Institutions," "Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and .went to bed, and have been pretty well In bed ever since. ~ Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that, it waa ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost,' My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal cord; char- acterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and dif- ficulty in coordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected In the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read -in ,the, 'Aus- tralian Workman,'' by Dr. Wllllams's Pink Pilla for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case .which seemed to fit my own. I. determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and. SENT FOR-A BOX, ' / ' The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I ¡ immediately left', tire bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am "now taking tho fifth box. - I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, "hui surely, recovering ruy former vigor and vitality,: You! soe those crutches there? They aro perfectly, now, and I have never used them. They were made for mo before I got the Pink Pills,-but I was ! too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.: Ail I want is this stick, and I hopo soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my, strength." "Ho is'100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had- come in, and taken- the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have . SAVED HIS LIFE, and made another man of him." , A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than hé did a fortnight previously. ' "'£ can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back In my, leg's. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to work in a short time. I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume work as a boiler-maker, and, you know, I have to be in tho very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am " ' BETTER TO-DAY than I have been at any time, during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a newi man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of OPIUM AND MORPHIA - pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex- cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are/ for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed.at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued speed to- wards recovery, our representative withdrew.' 