A' fc ROMANCE OF THE CYCLE. BY NORA. B. STOCK. Continued. III. 1 Once for all, Helen, I will jot allow this to go on.' And John Moran epske as if he meant to be obeyed. * ludeed ? How are you going to put a stop to it ? I think that you will find it a rather more difficult matter than you imagine!' Helen threw herself back in the low chair, looking the picture of , pretty defiance while she delivered this »uiinou8 retort. ' My mind is quite made lip/ west on the youag man, who stood, leaning against the mantelpiece with the strong -determination te be master written on every line of his good- looking face. ' It really is rather rough on a fellow, even -you mast acknowledge, Helen, when I -managed to snatch a day to run down here for a eight of you, to find you laughing and talking over your bicycle in Love Lane with that young cub of a 'Marks, as if you had forgotten my very .existence. It's enough to exasperate a saint. But it shall not go on. Com**, Helen dear, listen to reason. Try and be patient. I will try and obtain a good holiday in the summer, ard then if yon ate still determined to ride your bicycle, I will teach you, and ire will go for long excursiocs together. But T cannot, will not, permit my chosen irife to ride on these lonely country roads ei'her alone *r with an escort of whore I don't approve.* * If the idea were not absurd, I 'phonic say that you were jealous— jealous of a hoy of eighteen whom I have known all my life. John Moran flushed through his dark skin a' bis fiancdeTt taunt, and for .a moment made no reply. His mobile mouth wag set firmly, and Helen glancing up at him through her halflawered eyelids, surprised a look in bin deep grey eyes that she had never seen theia befor*. . It might have warned ker that his slow, easy-going temprttras roused at last, an.d that the m*D the had promised to marry meant to assert hie authority on the question at Issue: Whether Helen should or 'fthould not yi«*14 her will to his? ' My dear Helen/ ha continued, tiying hard to keep his temper, * do not let us quttrral about the wtetefced thing. I dare say you think that I am sadJv behind the timrs ; but, my dear, I am old-fashioned in my notions about #omnn—' 1 ' You ara an autocrat ; that is Wlwv you ara 1' she fl uhed out passionately — an autocrat 1 And £ will not sub mft to your tyranny any longer, I am not joar wife yetl I -wilt db at> I like till I amj then ' 4 Then that means, Helen -V ( That means that I intend to rid* the bicycle 1 won fram the 4 Family "Firebrand;' and no power on «arth shall stop me ! So there I* 1 Helen 1 Helen f he pltaded, striving, with a fair amount ot success, to . keep hw voice calm and even, 1 think what you are aaying 1 Doa'c, my dtrli&g;, try me too far. I may bo very pflitient; but there is a limit to iyon my forbearance. Helen 1 Come, let ns kiss and be friends*' He moved to the girlY side as he * spokf, and laid his hand genthr her •boulder; hut she flung It pettishly off, tod turned her head deliberately away. For perhaps the apace of ninety seconds neither spoke. This was the first quarrel the lovers had had duriag their six months* engagement; and, to judge from the oppression eo both their " pasaloh- sttrred faces, it appeared as if it would be a serious one. The man *t He»gHi r pnt an end to the strained pause * Nellie,'he began,'making 1 a final effort at peace, ( I have only twenty minutes to cktch my train. I must be off directly. Give me your promise before I leave, dear.' ' What promise 7—in arctio accent. 'Your promise not to ride thai bicycle. I know, darling, it is a great deal to ask of } ou f but if you love me, UeUie 4 If I love you I* she echoed, springing to her feet and confronting him with sparkling eyes. ' Why, of course, 1 love you.* « Then ' « Then ' * New, Helen, don't play with me any longer,* he said, taking possession of her hand. * Give me your promise like a good child without more ado.' ' And what if I won't f The grasp on her hand tightened to pain, which was the only sign John gAve that he had heard her question. There they stood in the qaiet room playing the final act in the drams, the ouriain on which bad risen that raernirg, when John on his way from the station had uuexpectedly found Helen j Lankester learning to ride the bicycle, under the tuition of the Vicar's son. And this was to bn its pitiful ending. ' If you won't,' repeated John Moran, white to the very lips, ' I—I — Nellie, for ray sake.' 4 I will not give you the promise John.' Helen's voice rang out shrill and clear *e a silver clairon. John dropped her hand suddenly and stepped back a pace, aB if stung to the heart. ' Nellie,' he urged, * think what you are saying—pause, coasider ! Ah ! why do yea force me to put the truth is such brutal language % You must— you must choose between me and your bicycle.' ' Tnen I choose tbe bicycle and freedom 1 she answered, without a second's hesitation. « Helen !' 4 John !' For a long, fateful minute they looked one another full in the face. Then, very slowly, John commenced to move towards the door: He was too hurt for speech ; she wail angry and mutinous. Each thought the otii«r wrong, and, though they loved one xnether ever *o dearly, thus they quarrelled to the bitter end, as young men and maidens will lore and quarrel as Ion;? as the world snail last. Oh, the eity of it I Helen showed not the least s<ga of yielding, as he lingered with his hand on the door. Perhaps, even at that eleventh hour, he would have turned round, and all the clouds of misunder standing would have been dispelled in a kiss of reconciliation It might have been ; who knows? But Helen, as it actuated by some sprit* ef mischief, drew off the pretty turquoise ring which the clever, struggling journalist had given her on that happy, golden September day when s'<e promised to be his wife, and, moving swiftly towards him, held it out at arm's length. 1 You have forgotten this, Mr Moran,* she aaiit, in a voice about whose inflexibility there could be no doubt. ' You had bettor take it. Io. will come io useful for the next girl you get engaged to. I hop* th tt she will not want to ride th*- bicycle.' This was tbe Ia~t straw oo the pro verbial camel's back. John Moran took the ring, and put it in his pocket; but he spoke never a word. The door opened and closed.. He vaas gone. Then H+leu threw herself on the Sofa, all her pride and temper gone from her, and sobbed wildly : ' Jack—Jack, coma back to me ! 1 did not mean it 1 Jack—Jack /' He was too far off to bear. And Helen Lankester was called upon to learn the lesson, as so many of her sex have learned' before, that the deeper, truer a man's love is* so much more difficult it is to recall him to an allegiance which had been, perhaps capriciously, perhapa carlessly, cast aside. It was oue of those perfect spring day* ftbrtt which our 4 imitative Northern poets ' write so prettily, and which, ip>nfrally speaking, in this hyperborean Britain, are to bo found only in their vanes..' But, for' onco in a while,' M«y had laid i'side her cold winds and sleet j showers, and had arrayed herself fittingly, bride-like, to meet the coming ardency of summer. The heat of the noon sun, that rose high in the cloudless azure sky, was tempered by a gentle breeze tbat blew softly over the freshly springing green fields, and down the eouhtrj road, wbtise hedges were a mass of starry whits may blossoms, that scented the air with their delicate yet senoe-compulling perfume. The only sign of life which broke the peaceful placidity of the rural scene was an Alderney cow, which stood serenely regarding the outer world over the bars of a low white gate. Presently down the road a girl came riding on a bicycle, which she managed with an ease and skill many a rider with far more experience would have envied. Her coat and skirt of soft gray homespun was exactly suitable to the occasion, and her charming face was looking its best under the prettv hat, encircled with a scarlet ribbon, that rested lightly yet securely on her neatly-coiled bair. Y»s, Helen L*nkester looked fair ocongh that radiant May morning—a typical specimen of one of England's lovely daughters— her perfect rose-leaf complexion softly glowing with the exertion of her health-giving exercise, while her blue eyes were sparkling with the exhilaration of the rapid motion. Bnt though supremely happj for the moment—she seemed to be flying away and away from all earthly cares and troubles and anxieties—-the pretty crelist was in reality as unhappy a girl as perhaps it was possible to find within a hundred miles nf Dymbury. She had, in a fitof wilful perverseness, thrown over her lover for her bicycle, never doubting that he rould Soon return to her side, suppliant^ ttnd only too ready te accept the forgiveupss she, for her part, was only too willing to accord him. Helen had proceeded a considerable distance along her way when, all of » sudden, she heard a merry ' Mikado ' air whittled in familiar style. Her heart baat quickly beneath her dainty cotton blouse, «nd her color came and went in vivid waves She had thought herself readv to sue for peace, but now tbat the opportunity seemed near, pride urged her to flight, and she increased ber pace accordingly. ' I won't meet him,' she said to herself ;' he had treated me abominably— outrageously 1 Well, I can soon fe e eut of his way. He must be crossing the long meadow now. He will be out in the open in a minute, but he shall not catch me.' So faster than ever the whirling wheels flashed on. By the time John Moran sprang over the humpbacked , wooden stile into the highway, all that was. visible of Helen Lankester was a vision of a flapping grey skirt, and sharp gleams of nickel plating, almost enveloped in a cloud of dust. But Love's eyes are keen, and he knew her well. ' Helen !' be called at the top of his voice. c Helen ! Helen !' She heard him, right enough, but showed not the least intention of obeying his call ; instead, she set her little mouth in a defiant curve, and wbeeled away faster. On, oa she flew at a breakneck speed. John smothered a supsifluous word in his dark moustache. She was by then almost, if not quite, out of earshot, flying swiftly past the the narrow lane that led to The Lings. When John Moran perceived this mabcsuvre, he deliberated and instant a* re whether he should go to Helen's home, and wait there till tier return, or follow. He chose the latter course, and stalked along in her wake at the rate .»f five miles an hour. It was a humorous situation, which soon, however, had a tragic termination Just as Helen, thinking sho wat> safe from pursuit, was pondering the advisability of reducing her speed, a rfiuail chi'd, in a blu« pimofore and battered, flapping straw hat bent down over its eyes, ran out from a cottage across the road right in front of the advancing machine. Thorn it stood in foolish indecision, d«af to Helen's frantic cries to move on to one side or the other. Then the girl lo&t; her presence of mind, aud steered wildly this way and then that, till the wobbling bicycle, swayiag quickly from side to side, fell over with a crash, and deposited the unhappy rider on a h«8p of flints by the roadside. The while the cause 6f all the mischief, wttli iufaatifc stolidity, toddled babori ously up the road, muncaiag, as he went, his mid-day meal «f bread-mddripping, of which he had not been too frigbteued to retxia hts hold. Later, when John Moran fell on his knees beside the motionless girl, bis first dread thought was that he had come too late with the oli/ebraucb of peace to Helen Lankester. f V. Tell me the whole truth, if yon please, Dr Sparkes. I am strong enough to bear it quietly. Shall I ever entirely recover from my accidenc last May ?' Helen Lankester half rose from her n-st of caahtons, and louked the country doctor full iu the face a* she asked the question. * Recover ? Of ourao you w»ll recover,' he blurted out at length * Naturally, after such a general Smash up as yours—those bicycles do u doctors as much good as an epidemic offever —it will take time to—to— to—' Dr Sparkus found a difficulty in rouadiog off his sentence to his complete satisfaction. 1 Am I better than I was a month ago ? You said then that io a few week's time f should be all right again, and—and I am not—-am I ?' ' Pooh, pooh, pooh I my dear young lady, von want net be so terribly i inpatient. Rome was not built in a day, you know. You must givo yourself time—time to—. Why, bless «ny soul! look at the olock I Tea minutes to thr e. I must be off to Stubb«'s farm at once. Bad case there. Goodbye, good-bye. Den't fret, whatever you do.' A moment later he w*t driving off in his gig, muttering to himself as he turned out of The Lings gate, ' Poor girl! poor girl ! a terrible want of tone. It's more aaeatal than bodily now. a long; sea voyage would be the thing tor her * Meanwhile Helen, when left alooe ; closed her eyes, and gave herself up to memories of things past. She la there in the cool, shadowy room, a pallid ghost of her former bright, blooming self. Yet there was something infinit ly more attractive than mere Beauty about her now ; her wan face bore the traces not only of an illness which had spiritualised and etherealised her features, but also of an illness which couflicl, in which one instinctively felt nhe had been victorious The minutes slipped away, and Helen still remained there, motionless and oblivous to what was passing around. She neither heard a decided, manly step on the gravel outside, nor noticed a tall form darken (he window. Joan Moran stood for a moment watching the girl, aa if ut certain if she wer* awake or sleeping. Then ha stepped quickly into the room, and, advancing noiselessly over the thick Turkey carpet, knelt down beside Helen's sofa, and took possession ot the fragile hand which lay inertly ou the crimson coverlid. ' N'ellie* was all he said. ' Joha, why are you here f she a&ked; brokenly. ' You should not waste your time in coming to see me. But—but I suppose that you have come to say—good-bye • Nellie, you know well enough why I am here. There is to be no question oi gcod-bve between wo two, mv darling. Th^y would not let me catne before. I have brought you geod news, little one. Thanks te the kind recommendation of old Wakefield, I have received a splendid offer of the post of assistant-editor to tbe ( Melbourne Milli;a.' They will pay my passage out, and that of my wife/ ' Wife ? Ycu have no wife I' she murmured incoherently. ' JNo, not yet ; but I soon shall have,' said John Moran masterfully. Her head sank lower and lower among the cushions, till her face was entirely hidden from his loving eyes. 1 Do you think +-bat you can be ready in six weeks' time ?' be asked at lengt h, in the most matter-of-fact way. ' Really — I — don't understand,' cam<? a stifl 'd voice from the cushions. ' Oh, yes, you do, Nellie. You are going to Australia with me * No, John ; no!' she cried, suddenly raising he.r hnad and gazing at him with frightened, tear-brimmed eyes. ' No. no ! After all my bad behaviour, to say nothing of——' ' flush, darling, bush ! Don't sav any more stout that I am as much to blame as you. We were both in the wrong' * It's high time that you bad a husband to take care of you/ John went on presently. ' I met Sparkes on my wav here, and be told me that a se voyage would be the very thing* in the world far you. That quite decided me. I shall write by this mail, accepting the appointment. There's no time like the present. I will do it now ' He rose as he spoke, and sitting down at the davenport in the west window, sfter a muttered exclamation at the very feminine erray of pans be found there, commenced to write. ' John, you must not write that s letter. John, do you hear ?' The scratching of the big 'J* pen was tbe only answer to Helen's halfhearted interruption. On, on John wrote, with concentrated attention, till at last tbe letter was finished, put in an envelope, and stamped ready for the post. Then he got on to his feet, and. dragging forward a low chair; he sat down beside tbe invalid'a sofa, as if he had bean doing nothing at ail out of the common. ' What., crying, you foolish child Well, of course, you will be sorry tp leave them.' 'John—this—I — l' cried Helen brok«hly. * I cannot allow you t make this iiacrific* I' * Sacrifice 1 What sacrifice V * Saddling yourself with a helpless wife, who will never be able to ——* * Nonsense* my dear '' he interrupted lightly, * you will be playing shios' quoits all day long by the time we raise the Southern Cross. Mr and Mr John Moran sail by the ' Austral Queen,' which sails for Melbourne on October 2nd.* y ' But father—Bertha—the beys — and Aunt Judy,' hazarded Helen ; « what will — But'— with a halfgob—' I have been such a trouble ; perhaps they will be only too pleased to be rid of me.' * I was uot cut out tor paying com- pliments,' was John's teply, ' so I would not advise you to make any more speeches like that. Tbere will be a hundred and ono things fer you t«» settle, so I will hunt up Bertha and Aunt Judith, and send them io ro you for a grand consultation the whilst T go to the post. I should be only in the way.' When, half an hoar later, be reentered The Lings drawing-room, the matter was settled to his entire satis faction, and, to jud<e by the tremulous happiness on her face, to that of Helen also. • *, • • The ( Austral Queen' had peacefully ploughed her way through the many leagues of sea that heaved and tossed be'ween her aud old England. Aad now she was nearing the Port Phillip EI*ads — th«se low necks ot sandy hillocks that mark tbe entrancto the extensive bay of Fort Phillip. In cabin No 56 a fair, yonog matron was kneeling over her steamer-trunk, trying to make a pink dressing-gown fit into tbe small space she left for its accomodation. In the midst of her struggles with the refractory garment the door opened, and her husband stood on tbe threshold. 1 What, not done yet ? You must come on deck and see the Heads. We shall be through them directly.' ' But, John, I have not ' Never mind. Come. How jolly you look !' he went on, noting, with approving marital eye, her blue-and- white striped cotton dress and dainty straw hat. Oa, on the ship glided ; on, on till at length the voyage was over, and b p r mighty engines ceased their giant throbbing. Then, all due formalities complied with, Mr and Mrs Moran soon found themselves safely landed in the great city of tbe Antipodes. Blame her not if Helen's eyes were dim with tears as she Jrove through the busy streets Not that she for a moment regretted her expatriation, but sh could not help her thoughts flying to thotse left behind in far-away Dymbury; Her hand was gently taken prisoner. ' Tbe roads don't seem adapted to cycling,' whiBpereJ John in h*»r ear. Helen's tear disappeared, and were succeeded by a smile as she whispered back : 4 Your wife does not cycle, so they won't affect her.' THE END 