CANON KINGSMILL AND'"SIGNS OF THE TIMES."'.. TO TRE roaug OcTe T WezLrri.INM0 Sim, '-- Your , orreepondent, " Truth Seeker," saks me to explalniwy persons who useed to be called spirituallsts. are no more frequeltly: called spiritists. iA spiritual man sea person Whote 'life sl under the influence and guidance of the Holy.Spirit of God. Having accepted the Lerd Jesus Christ as his Saviour, it followe thas ',rput place. himselL?nderthee eah. ing of that Divine Spirit which is the great gift of'Christ to i li(hurch. ;That Spirit is the pronised comforter, adviocte, l helper, and teacher of every true Clristlan. His name, Paraclete,-in the Greek. expresses more thin' isaiasy.to explain In English; but. tiuie Chritianis, all the world over, clearly understand thb wonderful thiings done in them, and for the'm, by thbt spirit whose special office it is to reveal to 'them tile un acnrchablio riches of Clifust. Hence, St. Paul, in a wonderful passage written to the Galation Church - Galatians, v 22 --after describingthe fruits of the Spirit, addresses his convert as "aeplritual, i.e.,- as persons whose lives-ought to be influenced by the Divine Spirit. t-On the other hand, we -find milions of people throughout the world who profess ithit thes lives are under'the'influence of spirits of a very different nature. They hold conmmunilction which is unlawfnt, and specially forbidden in 'Holy Saripture~.witlt apirit' In ther auter world. (a They would rather trust 4 toPJ oh iti tha to prayer; they :have mri? faith inl a e?nce than in the Holy Catloliu Church; "In'blne word. they have denied the Faith once delivered to the Sainta, S;ehl'persons are now frequently called"' apiritiato."' It is a conimon thing to hear that the whole thing can be aoeounted for hy trickery, jugglery, lhi glitoffhaned 'Illusion, deitnsion, or even hypnotisal; but :will any Christian believe that ?odi would specially legislate against more jugglery? 'i In the Books of loe awe reed oft!'fatilhar pirlts," " necromanceirs," "wizards,"&o.k.; That there was ntiell 'impostureo ;it their rites and incantations is probably true, but from thoevery severity of the Dit'ine laws we toineot aolute that offll was iot anposture. It Is certain that St. Paul did not regard Elymae tilhe arcere as ame mre eoejur orr working: by " unconscious cerebration." Would St. Paul have struck him blind for that?. Some of our greatest men' are satified that there is eoil 'upernatural igfl ence be hitil ""spiritilm.i." MrA Gladstone h-?ing presemt at. acanere Irn (lrosvenor Square, LundotI..thete wore tet given of psycho-. grapily, or spirit-writing. , Mr Gladstone wrote upon a folding slate.some questions in French??and English "relating?>o t c'irrent events '.The elate was locked before sil, and placed on? a table under a powerful light. A scratching noise wts soon heard, and upon the slate being unlocked tlheqtesifions were found to have- been answered. v After the seance was over, MrLOlaldtone was satisfiedl that he hId sej=i things; .hich no conjuring in tlhe'world' could account fbr. t-Besides this,, mere, conjuring would ?uever. snd people into lunati asaylurras, as it has done hundreds in America. Nor would it' lead them to commit monstron rcrimes,- pro. fessedly" under the guidance of these "spirits." But, it may 1 amid, if this Ilas been found from the earliest times, how can it be a mark of the latter days? Because wenare warned b the Holy !Ghost-speaking expreesly--pr hps througl proplhets then in the ehurch- that a special apostacy shabould arise in the latter days thrtugh seducing spirits anuo doctrines of deonsa (i Timothy, ..v, 1.)' To, lshow the manifest fulfilment of this woulnhl reeiirvr mne to go into the wide- spreadiing. branches.of this latter-day sign, including ensoteric Buddllhism ld certtin plhasesaof theosophy, but this would exceed nay limoits' \--ucrs, &.,- - -- K' irt.? .... C.++ - icoa.. K~nxeLL,?.+ 