Literary Societies. ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S, WAKE FIELD STREET. That *4 Visitors' Evenings" have become extremely popular amcng the members of the Catholic literary societies aud their frieDds was clearly proved on Thursday, April 9, when St. Francis Xavier's was crowded, the occasion being " Visitors' Evening" with the above society. The Vice-President (Mr. H. Cronin) presided, and among the audience were the Revs. W. J. McEvoy and Murphy. The programme was opened with a musical selection by Miss M. Critchley (St. Patrick's Lady Associates) ; Mr. G. C. Bridgwood (St. Ignatius) recited " How we beat the favorite"; Miss N. Morrissey (St. Ignatius) sang " Asthore," and in re sponse to an encore repeated the last verse ; Miss J. Green (St. Patrick's Lady Associates) recited "The Polish Boy"; Miss G. Conrad was encored for her song, " Come to Me," and in acknowledgment sang "Angus MacDonald." Mr. C. W. James then asked the chairman to present Mr. P. F. Kiley, on behalf of the members of St. Francis Xavier's Literary Society, with three handsome volumes (complete works of Lord Byron, Shakespeare and Longfellow), as a slight reward for the services he had rendered the society as secretary since its iuception, and as a token of the esteem in which he was held by all the members. The Vice-President, when making the present, referred to the valuable work Mr Kiley had at all times done for the society. Mr. P. F. Kiley, who was well received, thanked the members for their generous gift, and for the pleasant surprise they had sprung upon him that evening He stated that it was a pleasure for him to be a member, and to do anything to forward the interests of the society. The next item on the programme was a recitation, "Interview between Hamlet and the Ghost," by Mr. M. Cullen (St. Ignatius); Miss Madigan (St. Ignatius) sang " Isle of Beauty" ; Miss A. Hart (St. Patrick's Lady Associates) contributed a paper entitled " Health" ; Miss P. Ryan (St. Ignatius) recited "The Legend Beautiful" ; MisB G. Conrad was so suc cessful with her rendering of "I was Dreaming," that she had to repeat the last verse in response to an imperative encore; Miss M. O'Dea (St. Patrick's Lady Associates) recited the Road to Heaven"; Mr. M. J. McDonough (St. Ignatius) delivered a prepared speech on " Ireland's Poets and Poetry." Mr. J. O'Loughlin proposed a vote of thanks to the visitors and to the contribu tors of the evening's programme. Mr. C. W. James seconded the motion, which was carried with acclamation. Messrs. J. J. Clarke (St. Ignatius) and D. F. Brazel (Queen of Angels) respon ded, and were pleased with the success of the eveniog. They also referred with pleasure to the recent appointment of Mr. W. J. Denny, a member of St. Patrick's Literary Society, as Editor of The Southern Cross, The chairman thanked the audience for their kind attention, which concluded a very pleasant evening. 