THE REV C. H. YATMANi THE FAREWELU MEETING. The Rev. C. H. Yatman, who, during tho post throe weeks, has been conducting a series of mission services in Sydney, gave his final address last night in tho Y.M.C.A.- hall. Admission was by ticket, but this restriction was not successful in keeping the meeting within due proportions, and large numbers had to be turned away. Tho chair was taken by Mr. W. Winn, and upon tho platform was a large company of ministers of various churches in the metropolis. Tho earlier part of the proceedings comprised an evangelical address by tho visitor, and, as at all his other meetings, his exhortations resulted in many converts declaring them selves. Later In tho evening, he delivered a farewell address, in the courso of which he expressed his thanks to the many people who had in different ways rendered him as sistance In his mission. He commended to his friends the perusal of six verses of Scrip ture, which he described us six nuggets of gold. These verses wore: Mlcah vi., 9, "Ho hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the Lord require of thee hut to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God"; Isaiah xlvlii., 17, "Thus saith the Lord, thy Redeemor, the Holy Ono of Israel; I am the Lord thy God which teachoth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldst go"; Zekarlah tv., 6, "Then He answered, and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of tho Lord unto Zerubabbel, saying, not by might, nor by power, but by My spirit, sayeth tho Lord of Hosts"; Acts i., 8, "But ye shall receive power, after that tho Holy Ghost is come upon you;, and .ye shall be witnesses unto Mo both<£n Jerusalem and in all Judea, and in Snmana, and unto tho uttermost parts of the earth": and Hebrews vli., 25, "Where fore, He is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by Him, see ing He Ilvcth evor to make intercession for them." Ho urged that all those whom his mission had reached should Join somo church, for preference the one to which their fami lies belonged;' and' gave particular advice as to liow they should conduct themselves in order to maintain Christian lives. These admonitions were accentuated and emphasised with a short address on "Tho Forty Wres tlers." descriptive of an episode In the tlmo of the Roman Empire. Subsequently, a social gathcriug was held, to enablo Mr. Yatman to moko a personal leavetaklng of his friends. He will leave for Melbourne by train to morrow afternoon, and will sail thenco to South Africi 