NEWS of the WEEK. COOLGARDIE RESERVES.—The last issue of the Government Gazette proclaims the following land as reserves :—No 4,413 (la), for municipal purposes; Nos. 3,414 and 3,415 (each Ja), for public utility. KALGOORLIE MUNICIPALITY.—By a proclamation in the current issue of the Government Gazette, the municipality of Kalgoorlie is declared to contaiu a population of over 1,000 people, and not exceeding 5000\. and is therefore entitled to have a mayor and nine councillors. Hitherto the destinies of Kalgoorlie town have been guided by a mayor and six councillors. RECENT RAINS ON THE GOLDFIELDS.— Intelligence has reached the Railway Department that all the tanl;s on llie Coolgardie line are full, with the exception of Koorarawalgee tank, in which there is 6ft 6in of water, or 221,000 gallons. The other tanks are affected thus:—Parsonage, full. 13ft deep, 640,200 gallons ; Ycllndine, full, 18£t deep 1.112,075 gallons ; Boorabbin, full, 19ft deep, <>68,700 gallons ; Woolgangie, full, 20ft deep, 1.302,700 gallons : and Bullabiillin, full, 20ft deep, 1,198,000 gallons. SUPREME COURT," JULY SITTINGS.—The July civil sitting of the Supreme Court commenced in Perth on 13 th. The list, which is a lengthy one. includes the following cases :— Before a judge : In re Masters and Servants Act, 1882, and I. J. K. Colin and Sliamee, appeal from the justices of Coolgardie; Charles J. Harris v. Barnett Harris, (1) delivery of transfer of Kalgoorlie Town Lot 38 ; (2) specific performance; (3) an injunction ; (4) £500 damages. DISCOVERY OF A BODY. — Michael Curtain reported to the police on the 12th instant, at 6 p.m., that he found the body of what appeared to him to be that of a black gin burned, about 18in under, the surface, near the black's camp, situate about two miles from Coolgardie, west of the cemetery. He is of the opinion the gin was killed by the natives, as he saw spear marks on the riMit side of her face. His reason for disinterring the body was that he had heard the blacks buried someone, and he went to find out if it was n white person. The police arc making further inquiries. BUILDERS' LABORERS' WAGES.—The laborers in Perth have, it is understood, become dissatisfied with their present rate of pay, which varies from 7s to 9s a day, and have written to the Builders' and Contractors' Association stating that on and after August 1 a lower rate than 9s a day all round will not be accepted. A meeting of the Contractors' Association was held to discuss the situation, and it was decided' to inform the representative of the laborers that the association refused to have anything whatever to do with the question of wages. THE BUILDING TRADE.—Mr. J. Jude, the well-known Adelaide building contractor, having returned from Western Australia, after visiting the principal mining centres, speaks most encouragingly of their prospects. The wealth of the West, he tells the Beg inter, is not yet known, as most of the mines are only partially developed. Building operations are being conducted on a large scale. Hotel accommodation being somewhat scarce in Coolgardie, it has been decided to erect three or four publichouses of brick and stone at a cost of from £5,000 to £8,000. Licenses have already been granted for these houses. The building trade is placed at a disadvantage through the scarcity of bricks. All commercial businesses are thriving, and trade in the West, is, on the whole, wonderfully brisk. MR. S. STOCKFELD AND PARTY.— The report which was circulated sometime ago to the effect that Mr. G. S. Stockfeld, one of the best known and most popular men on the Coolgardie goldfields, had lost his life in South Africa is now contradicted. A cable from London states that Mr. Stockfeld and his party are at Fort Salisbury. Mr. Stockfeld left Coolgardie towards the close of last year to conduct a party of Australian prospectors on an expedition to Mashnnaland, where a London syndicate formed by Mr. Tom Conran had secured large concessions. Some months later it was rumored that the leader of the party had entered the service of the Chertered Company nnd was warring against the Matabele, and*then followed the newsof his death. The contradiction, which we now publish, will be good news to the wide circle of Mr. Stockfeld's friends. THE OVIDE-MUSIN CONCERT COMPANY. —The advent of three musical stars to Coolgardie was a sufficient guaran- tee in itself that the programme presented by the Ovide Musiu Concert Company in the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, would surpass iti excellence anything of the kind yet given to the public of these goldfields. The wonder is that the building did not prove too small to accommodate the lovers of music among us, for three such structures as the theatre could not seat those people in Coolgardie who delight to hear superb music. As it was. the Theatre Royal was fairly filled in every part, but we are satisfied that it was the smallest house which the talented trio wii.1 delight during their short season of three nights. The musical contributions of M. Musin, his wife, and M. E. Scharf were chosen with every desire to please the most varied tastes, and rendered in a style which must have charmed the most unresponsive ear. Encores were as gracefully responded to as they were many ; and the members of the company so fully justified the reputation which preceded them, that the remaining concerts of their short season s&ust; surely attract overflowing audiences. LAND SALE.—Messrs. McKenzie, Grant, and Co. have just completed the sale of one of their Bayley-street frontages to an English company. The purchase price was £4,000, and that amount was paid over at the close of last week. BURSTING OF A RESERVOIR.—Last week a reservoir, situated a few miles on the Coolgardie side of Southern Cross, burst owing to pressure of water due to the heavy rain. Mr. Thompson, the engineer for construction in the Railway Department, is now at the scene of the accident. The reservoir in question was handed over to the Railway Dopartmentsome little time ago. THE ORCHESTRAL AND CHORAL SOCIETY. —Mr. A. H. Padley, the energetic secretary of the Choral Societ-y, states that the institution is rapidly becoming thoroughly organised. It is the intention of the society to divide the work into different sections, under different conductors, and so embrace all the musical talent available, and blend the whole into one large musical organisation, which will produce orchestral and choral music. JIINTERTALNMKNT.—On Saturday night, at the Criterion Dining Rooms, the members of the local Lodge of the I.O.G.T., entertained the Misses Vincent and Cuinmings, missionaries of theW.C.T.U., at a social. Over 70 guests Assembled, including Re vs. Burns and Dingle, and Capt. Quick. After Bros. Bevan. H. Thomas. Hoffman, Smith, Foggctt, and Morgan had entertained the gathering with their musica[ and elocutionary talents, refreshments, etc., were handed round, and an enjoyable evening was spent. A vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs. Johns and Bevan for the kind use of the rooms, also to Misses Vincent and Cummings for visiting the fields, the former lady responding by saying that she and her companion would return about the latter part of August. FURTHER BUNGLING.—Although the telegraph line to and beyond Black Flag haB been completed some time, no effort has been made to give the people there the benefit of the wires erected. Stations have been opened at Bardoc and Broad Arrow, beyond Black Flag, but for some unaccountable reason the Telegraph Department will not make the slightest effort to establish an office at the last-named place. The department was approached by the residents upon the matter, and the reply was to the effect that if the latter would secure a suitable building for a telegraph office, an operator would be appointed. The people of the Flag fell in with the suggestion, secured the necessary accomodation, and notified the Minister accordingly. Now, to their surprise and just indignation, the department fails to carry out its part of the bargain, and, what is more, advances no excuse for its extraordinary action. Now that Parliament is in session, those aggrieved should bring the contemptible action of the department before the House. RAILWAY DUPLICATION. — Considerable progress is being made by the Railway department in the work of duplicating the railway line between Bast Perth and Fremantle. The department, however, has experienced great difficulty in securing suitable men for the work, and has put on all it can obtain. Altogether, some 250 men are at work. The light rails on the south-western portion between Perth and East Perth have been replaced by heavier rails, and a second line has ben laid down between Perth an West Perth, thus providing a duplication of the line between East and West Perth. Great progress has also been made with the heavy earthworks and the big cutting through the sand to the west of the West Perth Station, and the work has also been begun at several other points between that locality and the port. That portion of the undertaking between East Perth and Helena Vale Junction has not yet been put in hand, but its commencement will not be long delayed. It is the intention of the department to invite public competition in connection with the buildings required at the yarious stations along the route from the Junction to the port THE COOLGARDIE FIRE BRIGADE. — Councillor Levinson's pet hobby is the local fire brigade. He has collected some £35, and as the organisation wants money he intends to arouse some interest in what is a most necessary and useEul institution. At present the brigade labor under great disadvantages. They have a fine station, it is true, but very little plant. This, however, will be remedied in about five weelcs, when the R.M.S. Oceana lands a shipment of the necessary appliances at Albany. The insurance companies should certaiulv subsidise the brigade, and we hope they will do so, in place of threatening to increase the premiums or ceasing operations. What is required, aud indeed demanded, is a constant watch kept from the tower, and funds sufficient to undertake this w-irk should certainly be forthcoming. NORTH OF ENGLAND I.M. AND M.E. —At the meeting of the members of the North of England Institute of Mining and Mechanical Engineers, held on the 13th inst, it was decided to adopt the suggestion of the Council in England and torm a "Western Australian branch" of the institute on the goldfields. The following officers were chosen:—Chairman, Mr. Harry Page Woodward, F.G.S.; vice-chairmen, Messrs. F. H. Backhouse, G. Graves Gifford, and Uriah Dudley; honorary secretary and treasurer, Mr. Edward Halse. The above will antra officio on the committee, whic also includes Messrs. J. W. Archibald, U. J. Bailey, Charles Chewings, P.H.D., E. D. Cleland, F.G. de V, Gipps, W. Griffith, and F. Bowes Scott. The date and place for the first general meeting for the reading of papers and discussions will be arranged by the committee. A suggestion, telegraphed from .Cue by Mr. Frank Reed, Government Inspector of Mines, and a member of the institute, that a general meeting be held in Perth daring the next exemption is likely to be carried out TENDERS ACCEPTED.—The tender of James Cahill, £333 per annum, for conveyance of mails from Kurnalpi to Edjudina. via the Pinnacles, has been accepted, also Corry Bros., £300 per annum, from Kalgoorlie to Bulong, vi Balagundi, twice a week. PERTH PALACE HOTEL.—One of our Perth contemporaries stated the other day that Mr. John DeBaun's Palace Hotel, when complete with fittings, would cost £50,000. Tliat, however, is incorrect; the building will cost £20.000, and the fittings £10,000. THE RECREATION RESERVE.—A petition has been torwaided to Mr. Percy Armstrong, who was sent to Perth as delegate from the Coolgardie Sporting Association, to be presented to the i'remier, praying that Messrs. R. B. Pell, H. B. McCormick and John Boileau, together with the acting Mayor for the time being, and Councillor John Howard Taylor, be gazetted as trustees for the Recreation Reserve. The petition has been signed by the Mayor and all the Councillors, and by some 800 residents. ACCIDENT TO THE BLACK FLAG COACH. —The coach from Black Flag to Broad Arrow on the 9th met with an accident about four miles from Broad Arrow. While the driver was trying to get through a bog, the lea-ling horses broke away. The pole horses being willing, then snapped the kingbolt, and cleared out with the forecarriage of the coach, at the same time dragging the driver from the box, whereby he was internally injured. He had two ribs broken, and was taken t« Broad Arrow and attended by Dr. Martin. MESSRS. COSGROVE AND MITCHELL.— When Messrs. Cosgrove and Mitchell arrived in Coolgardie from Perth on t e. 8th, they were met on the station by quite a crowd of friends eager to congratulate them on their acquittal on the charge of alleged conspiracy. After the welcome, the late defendants in the most sensational trial in the history of the place, were escorted to the Coolgardie Hotel, where they were treated to a complimentary banquet. The toast of the evening was " Health and Prosperity to Messrs. Cosgrove and Mitchell," which was honored with much enthusiasm Several ladies were present, and during the evening songs and musical items were given by many of those present. " PROFESSIONAL " FOOTBAL LERS.—The great inter-club match between the Civil Service and Union teams resulted in a draw on the 12th, but as the former have an unbeaten record, they still rank as the premiers. It is estimated by those in the ''know" that over £1000 was wagered on the match on Sunday, and so high did the feeling mil that all sorts of dodges were resorted to by the supporters of both sides. On the previous Saturday one of the two teams bad imported two well-known Victorian players to play for them. One of these " gentry" got " run in" for fighting and was fined in the Police Court. He, nevertheless, was a feood footballer, and it is said that his name, with that of two others, does not appear in the match, for the simple reason that they were induced to visit Boorabbin on Saturday, and have not since returned. It is alleged that the three men are now en route to Albany, with heavier purses and lighter hearts than they had during the previous week. The whole matter will be discussed at a meeting of the Association this evening. RESERVES IN COOLGARDIE.—The manner in which the Government have been dealing with the reserves in the • own for some time has caused a feeling of great dissatisfaction, bnth on the part of the Town Council and of the public generally. Some are being squatted on either without any authority whatever or on the permission of som<) local official whose right to give such permission is more than questionable. Others have been let in a hole-and-corner fashion at rents that represent only a fractional part of their annual value, about 10s per week, whereas, if they were let by public auction or tender, they would fetch from £2 to £3 per week. We may instance Block 16 at the corner of For.1 and Sylvester - streets, and Block 182 in Lindsay - street, between Moran and Lefroy-streets, not far from the former, just opposite the blocks which the Coolgardie Waterworks Company have secured as the most eligible in town for their purpose, owing to a central position. The Council have already entered a strong protest against this matter of dealing with the reservoir. They sent a communication to the Government on the subject about six weeks ago, but have received no reply beyond an acknowledgment of the receipt of their letter. They are now forwarding a request that all the vacant land should be at once fenced. COOLGARDIE BREWING AND ICE COM- PANY, LTD.—The adjourned half - yoaily meeting of this company was held on the 7th at Kennedy's Hotel. H i'. J. V. Moore was in the chair. The general business of the company was thoroughly discussed. The balance-sheet shows the concern to to be in a very good financial position. Another dividend of Is will be payable on the 28th July. Mr. Elliot, spoke in eulogistic terms of the manner in which the chairman, Mr. Moure and Mr. Cos, the manager, had carried out their duties. Mr. J. Thornett proposed, and Mr. Henderson seconded, " That a bauus of £20 be awarded the manager, Mr. Cox." This was carried unanimously. A vote of thanks proposed by the chairman was accordcd Mr. Aitken, the secretary of the company, for his many services. A vote of thanks to the chairman for presiding moved by Mr J. Thornett, concluded the nroceedings. ALARM OF FIRE. — About 10 a.m. on the 12th the firebell sounded a note of alarm, ami immediately several hundred people scampered in the direction of the outbreak. The fire occurred on premises belonging to Messrs. Marks an<l Co.. Hunt-street^ opposite Kennedy's hotel, and used as an office and sleeping apartment. The brigade turned out expeditiously, but u| on their arrival the occupants had the fire well under control, and with assistance soon had it out. A large tank of water at the rear of Messrs. Laurie and Co.'s oftiee was called into requisition. and Mr. Laurie himself rendered valuable and timely assistance, but for which there is no knowing how far the fire would have Bpreail. Thft origin of the outbreak is attributed to the capsize- of a kerosene lamp, which was on the table alongside a hessian wall. The hessian immediately ignited, and the walls and ceilings were destroyed at once, as well as a portion of the partition and ceiling of Messrs. Laurie and Co.'s offices. ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES. — The returns of arrivals and departures by sea from all ports in the colony show the former exceeded the latter for the months of April May, and June by a total of 5153 persons There has been a gradual fallimr off in the net gain to the population from ports beyond the seas during the quarter. The figures representing the excess of arrivals over departures arc:—For April, 1979; May, 1873; and June, 1301. During the quarter the increase in the arrivals of females was very marked, as was also the advaneinthe number of childreu brought to the colony. The arrivals for the quarter were: Males, 6407 ; females, 2630\. Included in these figures are 1195 children and infants; total arrivals, 9037. The corresponding numbers under the i.ead of departures for the same period were:— Males, 3344 ; females, 540. Included in these numbers are 184 children and infants. The detailed returns of arrivals and departures for June are given as follows:—Arrivals: Males, adul'.s, 1364, children 195, infants 38 ; total, males, 1597 ; females, adults 620, children 189, infants 19 ; total, females, 828 ; total arrivals, 2425. Departures: Males adults, 1019, children 12, infants 3; total, males, 1034 ; females, adults. 79, children 9 infants 2 ; total, females, 90; total departures, 1124; net increase for the month, 1301. THE WEST AUSTRALIAN STOCK TRADE. —Messrs. Kidman Brothers, of Adelaide, placed another shipment of stock on board the s.s. Colac at Port Adelaide on Friday (says the Register of the 27th ult.). They are destined' for the Western Australian market. The consignment comprises 150 bullocks, 1,600 sheep, 132 pigs, five cows, and eight horses, and the animals are a very fine lot. The sheep, which are crossbreds, came from the South-east, having been selected by Mr. Kidman as being the best sheep to stand the voyage. The remainder were obtained in the Adelaide market, and are in good condition. The shippers wanted 300 pigs, but owing to their scarcity were unable to obtain half of that number. Messrs. Kidman have a connection with the West. During last week they loaded the steamer Kirklands at Newcastle with 2,000 sheep, 100 bullocks and 30 pigs. A good business is oeing done in this line at Newcastle. Last week no less than 1,100 head of cattle were shipped to ports in Western Australia. Mr. S. Kidman, who supervises the shipments, is of the opinion that Port Adelaide is the proper port from which to ship stock to the West. Not only is the distance less, and the risks are consequently smaller, but much better facilities for shipping stock are afforded at Port Adelaide than at Newcastle. Mr. Kidman says lie would rather buy cattlc at an advance of from 10s. to £1 per head in order to ship them at Port Adelaide, as the advantages are so much greater. A great quantity of stock is required for the market in the West, and during the next two months ve=sels which are capable of carrying 1,200 to 1,500 head of cattle weekly will be running down the north-west coast to Fremantle. BOORABBIN RAILWAY SIDING. — Complaints are rife in regard to the inadequacy of the accommodation for the goods traffic on the siding at Boorabbin. Great inconvenience has already been occassioned to local receivers, and serious consequences would attend a complete block, which is feared. TELEGRAPH EXTENSION TO BAEDOC.— Our Bardoc correspondent wires that the telegraph line to that growing centre was opened on the 10th inst.for the transmission and receipt of messages. The operators' quarters are in a temporary buildinir on the new town site ; but a permanent post and telegraph office is to be erected without delay. A RECOIHJ LOAD.—Messrs. Wilkie Bros, brought from Boorabbin on the 10th, a record load, which consisted of 9.9 trucks, the gross weight being 300 tons. When shunting here, six cattle trucks were added to the train, making in all 348 tons. This was shunted without a hitch, which serves to prove that our colonial makers are not altogether out of the market. This eugine was made by Messrs. Martin and Co., of Gawler, S.A. TRANSFER OF LAND ACT.—The report of the Department of Land Titles for the year 1895 shows a large increase in the work of the department. Although this Land Titles Office is only expected to 6erve the public without returning a profit to the Treasury, there was a net gain last year of £1962. The transfers and mortgages registered have increased by about one-third, and the plans deposited reached nearly four times the average number. FBEMANTLE ASYLUM.—The report of the superintending medical officer of the Fremantle Lunatic Asylum of 1895, which was laid before Parliament on Tuesday, showed the total number of admissions to be 36—12 females and 24 males. The daily average number of patients was—males 101 and females 49. The deaths numbered 10, and the patients discharged 16, of whom 10 were cured. TOORAK LAND.—The valuation of the land at Toorak has been all completed about five weeks ago and sent in to the department. The land wilt shortly be gazetted. Those who are registered will have the privilege of buying the land on which they reside at t he upset price. The other blocks will be put up to auction, and those who had ilieir improvements on them before the -valuation was completed, will almost certainly be allowed the value of those improvements. The position of those who .have put improvements on since is more open to question. FUNERAL OF THE LATE MB. J. H. PENBERTHY. — The mortal remains of the late Mr. J. H. Penberthy were carried to their last resting place on the 10th. The funeral corteqr left the deceased's late residence at 11 o'clock, the pall-beavers being Messrs. Stodart, Duffy, Munro, and Glowry. Among the mourners were Dr. McNeil, Capt. Tierney, Messrs. Cawthray, Meyer, Boileau, Pearson, Clarke, Bonniu" (of Mann and Sinclair), Hamilton, Kernan, Bellingbam, Moore, Heideoreim, and Zabel. The Rev. Mr. Trestrail, o£ the Wesley Church, officiated at the grave, and spoke in eulogistic terms of the deceased. COOLGARDIE WATER SUPPLY.—In the course of the debate in the Legislative Council on the Address-in-Reply, Mr Haynes was very definite on the subject of ;the goldfields' water scheme. He denied that it the s -heme were abandoned capital would "levaut." Private enterprise—and at the mention of private enterprise there was a chorus of "hear, hears'"—would find the means of supplying water for the fields. The public works programme of the Government seemed to Mr. Haynes of appalling magnitude, and he expressed the conviction that in the present circumstances of the colony an expenditure of fiveiand a half millions should ' not be undertaken. It meant, he pointed out as an illustration, doubling the national debt, and adding £43 per head to the indebtedness of the colony. A NOVEL ADVERTISEMENT.—A Perth brewery company recently received a letter from the fields, offering a suggestion for a novel advertisement. The writer signed himself Geo. G. Lewis, T.D.W.T.E., Club House, Coolgardie, and to quote the effusion, offered his services as an advertisement to walk from Perth to Adelaide on behalt of the brewing trade generally, being a beer-drinker in moderation from infancy. Born in Dorsetshire, England, where either three pints of beer or cider are a regular part of a man's wages. Route to bei via Northam. Southern Cross, Coolgardie, Norseman, Eucla, Fowler's Bay, and Port Augusta. I have recently concluded thej trip to Coolgardie from Port Augusta in 38 days, the quickest on record (see papers). I will undertake to walk from Perth to Adelaide- in six weeks, 1800 odd miles, and distribute pamphlets, &c.;, en, route advertising sales of your beer. Trip to be concluded on foot within six weeks, or no recompense. 1 will pay my own expenses, bar ' shouts.' distribute as many pamphlets as you like, for 60 guineas, money to be paid when I conclude trip." The offer, however, was refused, but evidently not satisfied the volunteer adduced further arguments in favor of his proposal. In a second letter he said :— <• I regret that you have declined my offer, as I feel convinced that I could put up a record from Perth to Adelaide on foot, that but very few white men could beat. Yonr champion for Western Australia having refused to walk me for £100 a-side for the trip proves in itself that the undertaking is no light one. I trust you will use your great business influence by joining with some other firm in giving me sufficient support to yet undertake the trip. The cost would be trifling, compared with the shaking up it would give the prohibition party, and they certainly want it in this country." It is not stated if anv further notice has been tak"sn ot the enthusiastic appeal. REPRESENTATION OF FBEMANTLE.—It is reported that Mr. Arthur J. Diamond is likely to come forward as a candidate for the seat in the Legislative Assembly, rendered vacant by the death of Mr. W. E. Marmion, the late member for Fremantle THE POLICE.—Constable Dugean is to be transferred to Bardoc, where he will be in charge of the station. While here he has been well thought of by all classes, the excellent services that he has rendered being highly appreciated. He leaves, probably, in a day or two. CYCLONE AT PARKERVILLE.—An extraordinary cyclone passed over Parkerville on the 11th. Huge trees were torn up by the roots. A man was severely injured by a falling tree, and he was taken to the Perth hospital suffering from severe injuries to his back. There it was ascertained that his •same was George Kendell. He is 27 years of age. THE WYNDHAM TRAGEDY.—The papers bearing on the shooting case at Wyndham have been forwarded to the Premier. It will be remembered that, on May 25, Dr. Bannerman, resident medical officer, while flourishing a revolver, shot Edwin George Worth, an employee at the telegraph office, dead. A jury subsequently returned a verdict of accidental death, but the coroner expressed his dissent. It is probable that Dr. Bannerman will be invited to resign. ANOTHER FIRE. — At an early hour on the 10th inst., it was noticed that the premises occupied by Mrs Allie, in Hunt-street, were on fire. The building is of galvanised iron lined and ceiled with hessiaq, and consists of two rooms. The lining of the walls and the hessian ceiling were completely destroyed, but with the assistance rendered by wayfarers and neighbors the contents of he building were saved. No alarm was conveyed to the fire station, neither did the brigade appear. The origin of the fire is not known. KALGOORLIE LINE.—No date having been fixed for tha opening of the Kalgoorlie railway, it is not known whether the Governor will be able to be present at the ceremony ; but it is understood that if the day fits in with the arrangement, he will attend. The work of the contractors is very much interfered with by the continuous and heavy rains. The laying of the rails is not proceeding as expeditiously as Messrs. Wilkie Bros, would like for, though there has been no damage to the formation, the ground is too soft and puggy, and progress difficult. The rails are laid for two miles from Coolgardie ; and the contractors are still confident that the extension will be completed by the first week in August. COOLGARDIE RACING CLUB.—A meeting of the committee of the Coolgardie Race Club was held at Sommers' Hotel on the 7th, Mr. W. J. L. Sinclair in the chair. There were present—Dr. Hill, and Messrs Boileau, Stodart, Mann, and the hon. sec., Mr. A. G, Hales. Some £500 worth of work it appeared had been let by contract in connection with the course, comprising a grand stand, totalisator stand, dressing-room for ladies, and so on. In addition to this the rolling and levelling of the sourse is now being done by day labor. The race days are fixed for the 6th and 8th August, and on the 7th, the Friday intervening, there is to be a race ball, which the committee anticipate will be the biggest thing of the sort yet held in the colony. The clul) is giving away nearly £1000 in stakes and are spending about another £1000 on the course and stand. The business transacted was of a formal character. REVISION COURT.—A Revision Court to deal with claims to be put on the electoral roll for the district of Yilgarn and the East Province was held on the 7th, before Messrs. George Bellingham and C. S. Stafford, J's.P. 803 claims altogether were sent in ; 627 were admitted as valid, and 176 rejected as informal. The principal cause of informality lay in failure to comply with the provisions of clause 5, which maces it obligatory to give particulars as to residence. The statement as to residential qualifications was frequently filled up with the words " residence" or " 12 months' residence," whereas • the clause enacts that the house or land occupied must be described, so as to make it clear where it is situated. The blame lies with the attestators, whose business it was to explain to those sending in claims how they should fill them up. The attestator himself signs a certificate at the foot that the claimant has the qualifications mentioned. At Broad Arrow a very large proportion of the votes were informal, as also at Bardoc and Black Flag. LORD ONSLOW AND THE GHOST. —It seems that Clandon, one of the English residences of Lord Onslow, late Governor of New Zealand, has for some time been haunted. At least the former inmates believed so, and investigations hare been carried on with the .view of "laying" the apparition. The ex-Governor of New Zealand has onlyrecently entered into possession of the house himself, and in answer to a letter from the Marquis of Bute, on behalf of a society of which he is vice-president, asking whether the investigations might be continued, writes : " While acknowledging the courtesy of the offer, I would point out that with the departure of the tenants and their servants all opportunity of unmasking impostures by cross-examination of the occupants of the house has ceased; and, moreover, I am determined not to allow any repetition of such nonsense. I may add that the adult members of my family sleep with loaded revolvers by their bedsides, with which they will not hesitate to shoot at any ' ghost' who seeks to play tricks on the members of my household." We (Westminster) venture to predict that the" last of the Clandon ghost has been seen. These " perturbed spirits" have a horror of revolvers. 