NOTES OP THE HAY. (Jtsy -x/UTIS.") If sewer air is all that tho London County Council's learned men say, It is quite possible that, as was suggested In this paper yesterday, a public demand for it will arise, on the ground that It Is preferable to the brand of air generally kept on tap by nature. There are fewer germs in It, and what there are seem to principally be long to the frlend-of-man tribe, which go about bludgeoning tho typhoid and cholera parties and policelng the atmosphere generally. Therefore It Is conceivable that a time wilt come when the Water and Sewerage Board will gain a handsome revenue by the sale of air from the sewers, and the plutocracy will vainly build residences along side ventilators and manholes, because tho In vigorating smells therefrom will bo carefully caught and bottled for disposal on a commercial basis. As tills theory of harmlessness penetrates further Into tho largo and flabby car of tho public, and wholesome sewer air becomes more popular, we shall perhaps see ImpecuniouB Inva lids going down manholes for a tonic, climbing ventilators when the board Is looking the other way, and taking it in turns to breathe the brac ing atmosphere that is emitted from the main outlet at Bondl and wasted on the ungrateful Paclflc. In tho meantime, however, public scep ticism wants a sign to allay its suspicions. At Adelaide, when the ventilating shafts wero put up In tho vicinity of trees, the result is said to have been that the birds accustomed to roosting In those trees of a night immediately boycotted them, and took fresh lodgings. Sewer air didn't agree with them. But a bird Is different to a man, of course. What would give a feathered biped catarrhal trouble might make a human uiiu tui'i luaiy aiju it can. >viicLtici ut nui, it, would do so Is the point on which hard prac tical testimony Is needed. The Water and Sew erage Board might easily lay this ghost of sus picion by sending someone up a shaft to Inhale the aLr that comes from it a couple of hours a day for a month, and providing for periodic medi cal examination of tho experimenter. According to expert opinion, there would bo no more danger In swallowing tills air than is incurred by the average man who walks about town with his mouth open. But if there is, there are any amount of people about whom society would cheerfully take all the risks. Mr. Henniker Ileaton, in returning to these shores, must feel some such pride as warms tlie cockles of the prophet's heart when. by chance or otherwise, one of his guesses turns out to be right. Within the last few months schemes like that of an Empire penny post have come into fashion. We must have au all-British cable; we must flght the French for the New Hebrides trade; and. if not Impossible, we must have a British Zollverein. In fact, there is a powerful boom in Empire stock. In a way Mr. Heaton can oitlier claim to be a pioneer of this boom, or to have gone up and down advocating a reform In which the Empire idea bristled. He can say that it annually becomes more and more evident that Britannia can't rule the waves with the single assistance of the biggest and best fleet of lighting ships in existence. Tlie French and Germans have begun to take a hand in tlie great water game, and a peculiar and significant as pect of their method of playing it is that they don't seem to mind much what it costs thom. Fifteen and twenty thousand pounds a year hero and there are cheerfully wagered when the stake is a monopoly of trade. If the Imperial penny postage scheme hadn't been proposed already, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain would probably have paid hard money for the idea, with a view to calling it his own. and trying to get the Empire to adopt It. As It is, the thing is In perfect ac cord with the modern trend of English political thought. For the orosent It is impracticable, no doubt, but not a whit more so than the Empire trade scheme which Mr. Chamberlain professed to seriously believe in. It Is recorded by the Melbourne papers that when Lord Brassey and some members of his stall arrived at the great (Ire last week they were refused admission to tbe select parts of the exhi bition by a policeman who didn't helievo that tbls really was Lord Brassey and suite. His Ex cellency, however, "soon asserted ills personality, and manifested a keen interest in tbe disaster." He was allowed to come in and join the firemen and reporters — was given, so to speak, a seat in the front row. The story ought to have another oonclusion. Tho facts should have been that the policeman who "unceremoniously blocked" these august sightseers said, on being assured that they were the Governor and frier.ds, "Welt, I don't see what business you have in here, anyhow." Pro bably no policeman could be found bold enough to say that or politer words to that effect; which, If it is the case. Indicates that policemen are ofllcered by men with a dangerously-exaggerated estimation of the Importance of holders of high places. But in fact Governors hnve no business In reserved spaces of this sort, 'especially when tho people who find the money wherewith to run the show are excluded from them. In the case of a fire, too, there is not the commercial incitement which commonly operates to make tho vice-regal presence desirable. Governors are tangible as sets to promoters of cricket matches, balls, and theatrical performances, because the fact that' they have "signified their intention" of attending such functions, being carefully and ostentatiously announced by tlie management, invariably at tracts a crowd of actual aud would-be fashionable people who would go to a cattle-slaughtering if they knew that his Excellency was going to be there, and have rings put In their noses if they heard that the Prince of Wales thought of going in for that kind of ornament. Fires need no such advertisement. They are great free shows, which draw without gubernatorial patronage. For that and the other reason that tho Governor wasn't wanted there to hold a hose or take short hand notes, it is a pity that the Melbourne police man in question missed a great and noticeable opportunity or doing his duty and telling tbe vice regal party to stay with tbe rest of tbe specta tors. On the subject of policemen generally, it is to be noticed that within the last day or two a pair of them have been fined In this city for assaulting a prisoner and his friends. That is the sort of thing that gives pleasure to a good many people as indicating that a cruel "force" has been partly found out and punished; the fundamental supposition with such being that policemen are constitutionally brutal, that they have bottles of strong drlnlc "left out" for them by law- breaking publicans, and amass out of tbe black mail they levy fortunes which they invest In terrace properties. The truth is. however, that pollcc-men are very seldom charged with cruelty or proved to have extorted bribes — so seldom, In deed, that we can say reasonably that the police men, who are ulways with us, are an unusually good lot. Truly tho policeman's lot Is not a happy one. People In distress seek him out as an unerringly safe prelude to the flrst aid sys tem. and subsequently enjoy the jokes that are made about him In theatres and other places where lie is a popular butt. Persons who want to know tbe time or where a street is unfail ingly bother him; at night sons of Belial flown with insolence and wine deride him in tho pre sumption that the positions they hold when sober will debar him from treating them like otber rowdies; and In secluded, shady streets the push Diitneiy smue nun wnn lumps oi oiue metal thrown from dark shelters. When he ar rests a popular wrongdoer, tlie friends of the prleoner assault him, sometimes to the point of death, and if the subdued Adam in him Incites him to hit back after beating ten times us much as anyone else would euduro unresistingly, fines, public reproach, and perhaps disrating are his portion. It Is almost wonderful that more polloemen-baiters are not maimed on their way to tho station, or more of tbe nicest people landed in gaol for misbehaving themselves after hours. The delight of Germany over a recent speech of tbe Froneh Foreign Minister about tho Rus- sluu alliance is comprehensible enough. Follow ing a practice which has lately become the fashion In Franco, tho Minister omitted a few congratulations on tho relations of his country with Russia. What pleases Germany, however. Is that he was careful not to open his mouth too wide. He did not mention any contract as existing In black and white, but ussured the crowd In general terms that thoro was au "en tente cordlale" between the two countries — which Is about as binding as a verbal promise to pay made out of the presence of witnesses. Tho fair presumption at which tho Kaiser's consti tuents have Jumped Is that there really Isn't any contract, and that theso two old enemies have drunk each other's health, and expressed a hope that business will continue good without going any further. On the French side, as many and as binding documents as were wanted could have been signed, hut the Russians are not so enthu siastic. Russia has several partnerships with Turks and Chinamen on hand already, and is also deterred from closing with Franco by a shrewd desire to find out whether France or Germany will suit best, or whether both can't be kept on a string. Thero never was a time when Russia was so thoroughly boss a3 she Is now, and it Is pretty plain that the value of that boss-ship might fall If an avowed ailianco was made with France or any other European country. 