Ths Kynhrnu Frz? 3rn 77 Vox i'opri.i Vox Dki. Official Organ ok the Shirk of Deakin FRIDAY DECK MB 15 R IS, 1S!I0. Ourselves—Friday next being Christ mas Day. the “Free Press” will be issued on Thursday, :24th inst., at mid-day. Adver tisers will kindly note. Rodney Shire Council.—The adjourned meeting of this council will be held on Mon day next, 21st inst. Several works are ad vertised for which are of interest to local contractors. il Everybody’s Medical Guide.”—We have received from the publishers a very handy little book bearing this title, and can recommend it as a really good sixpenn’orth. The subjects are alphabetically arranged, and are briefly and intelligently treated. Hospital Sports.—Those who are on the look out for some nice place where they can spend Boxing Day (Decern her 26), should remember that the usual Mooroopna Hos sports will be held at the Goulburn Weir on that day, ami that some capital amusement is .anticipated. The sports have been very successful in the past, large crowds attending same from the surrounding districts. Alteration in Pig Sales—By adver tisement it will be teen that Messrs Shnckell, White and Co. and H. M:Kenzie and Co. have decided to hold during the summer one pig sale on the third Tuesday of each' alternately. It is thought that this will meet present requirements, and the old sys tem of holding fortnightly sales will be reverted to when the supply warrants it. A Fishy Snake Story’.—We are assured that the following snake story is a true one, in spite of its queer surroundings. Whilst on a fishing tour a few days ago the engineer of the Deakin Shire. Mr A. E. Castles, shot a large black snake near the river and then threw it across a fence, when lo! it disgorged a large black fish, which, apparently not lik ing the “ silting-on-a-rail ” position so often favored by our politicians, came ■* back from the jaws of death.” There seems to be an ‘■aTniicy" between this story and that, of Jonah in the whale’s belly. The sun was very hot that day, but we hope that no one was guilty of building “ castles ” in the air when our informant was about. Kyabram Court oe Petty Sessions.— On Friday last Francis Henry Bentley and •Joseph Claike were brought before Messrs H. Unitt and J. Tehan, J’s.P., charged with stealing a £1 note from J. Sutherland. Clarke pleaded guilty to the charge and Bentley not. gudty. Constable Keegan de posednhat the three men were working for!’. Dunn, of Kyabram West, and were drinking at the hotel together when the £1 was stolen from Sutherland. The accused then came into. Kyabram and changed the note at R. Oselan 1 s Albion Hotel. Sutherland fol lowed them in, and Clarke admitted having taken the money in the presence of Messrs Oseland and Edgren. An information was then laid against them and they were arres ted. P. Dunn and R. Oseland gave corrobo rative evidence. Clarke made a statement to the effect that Sutherland had agreed with Bentley and himself to work at Glass’s threshing machine, and they were to leave. I,he next day. They were drinking together »nd Sutherland was drunk and holding tho note very carelessly and he took it to keep it for him, hut afterwards Bpent it in drink. The Bench sentenced Olarke to fourteen days’ imprisonment and Bentley was discharged. The note was handed to R. Oseland, who had changed same in good faith. TENNIS.—On Saturday last an interesting game of tennis was played between repre sentatives of Kyabram and Rushworth, on the court of the latter, and resnlted in a win for the visitors by one game.: Play com menced shortly after 3 o’clock, when Hotham and King (Kyabram) opened against W. Geyle and Christie. These were the strongest pairs on either side, but none of the players were up to form, and consequently the dis play was much weaker than might have been expected. The first set was quickly run through, but the second was more closely contested. Botli were won by Geyle and Christie, who also defeated Hobday (who played a good game throughout) and Wilson rather easily. Gunn and Coy (Rushworth), however, were vanquished nn each occasion by the Kyabram renresentatives. Following are the scores:—Geyle and Christie won against Hotham and King 6—1, 7—5. and also against Hobday and Wilson 6—1, 6—4. Gunn and Coy Inst to Hotham find I\ing3—0. 2—6. and 3—(!, 1—6 to Hobday and Wilson The total scores were :—Kyabram, 35 games ; Rushworth, 34 games. An unfortunate difference of opinion occurred over the de cisions of the umpires on two or three oc casions, but beyond this a very pleasant after noon was spent, the ladies kindly providing afternoon tea on tiie court. An Exciting Incident.—Few ncnpte would care to pass through the unpleasant experience which bcfcl Mrs. Patterson Ham rock on Friday last (says the “Beiialla Stan dard).” MrsLamrock. accompanied by aniece and a little girl she has staying witli her. was driving across one of the paddocks when the wheel of the buggy passed over the tail of a large iguana. The reptile immedi ately turned, ard catching the spoke of the hind wheel was whirled forward on to the front wheel, and thence on to the back of the horse. It then sprang on to the arm of the little girl, across Mrs Lamrock’s shoulder and landed tin the hat of the other girl, running round and round like lightning, and finally catching her by the arm it was thrown out of the buggy. In the excitment the little girl let the baby she was carrying fall to the floor of the buggy, and Mrs Lam rock dropped the reins.- The horse frightened by the screams, galloped for some distance un cheeked through the timber, but fortunately biyond a severe fright noinjnry was done. Founder.—We extract the following from an exchange as a remedy for horses eating too much wheat, which appears to have common-sense to commend it:—“Give one tablespoonfu-1 of carbonate of soda in a pint and a half of water as soon as you know a horse or beast of any kind has been at the wheat. The remedy never fails. Sometimes there is a stiffness in the legs ; rub the affec ted parts with turpentine until tho animals begin to get restless ; then let them go, and you may allow them to have food and water especially the latter. They will not. die if this is done, as the wheat can do them no harm when the acidity is destroyed in their stomachs.” The Bot Fly.—This destructive insect has we learn, made its appearance in Ulupna. The following remedy, therefore, by Dr Wil mot, hon veterinary surgeon to N.S.W. Coun cil to Agriculture, may prove of interest :— In eases of bot fly I recommend a trial of the bisulphide of carbon treatment. In the even ing prepare the animal with a bran mash, early next morning give I .V drams of bisul phidelof carbon, three hours after repeat the dose, and t-lio same evening give 2J pints of linseed oil. The hots should be expelled next morning. Always supposing the grubs to be those of the bot fly, id appears that the mis chief is done after the gruu is detected from the stomach of the animal, in whi :h case the purgative dose of linseed oil, guarded with a dose (2dr) of chlorieether, should be sufficient to expel them. A.N.A. Fete.—The A.N.A. Fete committee have announced that they will run the usual cheap excursions trains to Melbourne on or about the 2(ith January in connection with their eighth great national fete. Full par ticulars will appear in the course of a few days. An advertisement re the art union, first prize C1000 and the great wheel race, 5000 sovs. appears in another colum Police News—On Tuesday last, Wm. Cooling was fined 20s or 7 days for using iusultiug words to Constable Keegan the previous evening. On Wednesday morning before Mr H. Onitt, J.P.. John Fone was charged by Constable Duggan with bring drunk and disorderly and fined 2s fid or eight hours—the line was paid. Thos. Cree don was locked up last evening for drunken ness and will appear before the justices this morning. An Appeal—A box is in course of prepara tion by Miss 1). Menzies, of Hyde Park, as an Xmas offering for Miss Sutherland’s Un seotarian Home, Melbourne. Contributions of all kinds will be gratefully received and may be left with Mrs JI’Lean, of Allan St. Eohuca Hospital—The treasurer of the lDchuca Hospital begs to acknowledge the receipt of £28 7s 3d, being the proceeds of the late hospital concert at Tnngala, The committee, hon secretary, and the ladies ami gentlemen who worked so energetically for the concert deserve great praise for the manner in which all the arrangements were carried out. ami they will no doubt feel amply repaid in knowing that their efforts were so far crowoed with success as to enable them to hand over the above amount to a deserving institution. A Ciiall: NGE.—Tongala is already noted for the success which usually attends the efforts of residents in anything they may take in hand. 1 hey had a splendid deltaic on f reef ratio and protection recently, and still later scored brilliantly in netting a large sum for the benefit of tbe ISchuoa Hospital. Several other notable features might- be men tioned in th:s connection if space permitted, but we must pass on to notice a remarkable outburst of that chivalric spirit manifested so often in the times of the Crusaders, when leaders of opposing armies challenged each other to single combat for tin; honor of the cause they respectively represented. It was during a heated debate on the merits of free trade and protection that that doughty cham pion of the latter policy, the “ Mayor,” threw down the gauntlet to the big councillor of the North-east riding, anti challenged him— not to mortal combat, but to run him. What a trrand solution' of the difficulty ! ' Neither would yield one iota to the forcible argu ments adduced on either side, although great wisdom was shown (if Mr Weller's conten tion is correct that. “ vidth and visdom alvavs go together, Sammy, my boy ”), so “ Let us run for it to see who is best man.” The challenge was promptly accepted, and the “ Argus” eye and clarion voice of (1. H. soon descried suitable referees, &e.;, and drew a crowd of onlookers. The distance agreed upon was 50 yards, and the eontesionts were quickly ready for the struggle. W.H. was appointed starter, C. IS. A. ami G. H. holding the tape, whilst C. S. M. acted as referee. B. K. J. caught the eye of the public, as he looked in good condition. After a falsestart, the pair got well away together, the favorite making the pace and quickly established a sensible lead, but (alas for tbe vanity of human hopes) by the time half the distance had been accomplished L. W. had got pro perly under way and coming on with a full head of steam smothered his opponent 10 yards from home and won by two yards. “ Ctesar’s ghost, how did you .tome to let him Beat vou?” queried one. “ Too long in the legs,-’ was the gasping reply. Alter a brief interval a “refresher” was imbibed by way of consolation. W.C.T.U.—The usnal monthly moetihg of tbe Kyabram branch was buhl at. Mrs Whit bourn's residence during the week, when the report of the delegate (Mr.s Bishop) to the recent convention heltl in Melbourne was receive 1 and listened to with great interest. It was stated that quite a gloom was cast over the gathering by the receipt of news of j the death of friends or relations of several de.egates whilst the conference was in pro P.W.M.U.—The annual meeting of the Presbyterian Women’aMission Union was held yesterday, when there was a good attendance of members, and the Bev. Mr M'Quaen presided in the absence of the president (Mrs Bald). The annual report and an interesting address of the late C. H. Spur geon’s (by wav of retrospect) were read by the secretary Miss D. Menzies. In speaking of the work of the pa-t year, the chairman was very complimentary to the officers of the union, and especially the secretary, for the manner ir which they had worked on its behalf. The election of officers was proceeded wih, and all were re-elected as follows:—Mrs Bald, president, Mrs A. Men zios, vice-president. Miss A. Allan, treasurer, Miss D. Menzics secretary. It was arranged that'the next meeting should be held in March. Correspondence will be taken up next y-ar between the union and the mis sionaries of Santo, Pusan, and Marpnon. A suggestion that a box of clothing, Ac., tic sent from the union every six months was agreed to. 