PERSONAL, ? ? ^ ? One of the most recent of Coolgardie victims is Mr. P. P. J. Rowe, a journalist at one time well known in Victoria. The son of the late Donald Larnach. was some years ago married to the Hon. Mies Boyle, daughter of the Earl of Cork. It is ' on the cards' that the next Mayor of Mel bourne will be Samuel Gillott, the Sir George Lewis of Melbourne attorneys. J. Tomlik rode the winners of the three flat races and the second horse in the Hurdle Race at Flem ington last Saturday week. The hearing of the case against Messrs. Rappiport and Baxter, the recently- disgraced Melbourne mar gistrates, will open on Tuesday next. An international cycling race between Mdlle. Dutrieux, of Prance, and Miss Harwood, of Eng land, resulted in a decisive victory for the French lady. Jem: Stanbury, the Australian seuller, who is matched to row C. R. Harding on the Thames on July 18, put on 2 stone in weight during his voyage to England, Sib John Millais, who is described as ' a modest man,' waited in. person upon the Queen to have his appointment confirmed as the new President of the Royal Academy. Police-constable Lionel Bradley Pilkington, who recently died from fever at Menzies, Western Aus tralia, has been discovered to have been the heir to an English baronetcy. Harris, the English cyclist, has returned to the land of his birth. Before starting, Harris said — ?? Australians are keen, fair sportsmen, and treat a stranger as if he were thoir own.' Cecil Rhodes, for the time being having proved diplomacy in his person disastrous, is now engaged in military affairs in Rhodesia. The cable says he has acquitted himself bravely as a soldier, though as to the circumstances we are left in the dark. ?. Miss Marie Corelli plays well on the mandoline. She is petite, demure, the embodiment of gentle ness, and. cultured to a fault. She knows Shake speare by rote, but her mystical tendencies incline her to make a greater favourite of Dante. She was educated in a convent. Mr. Russell, Government Astronomer, states that he has been for many years occupied in making an elaborate study of all the droughts recorded in his tory, and he has nearly completed the results for publication. He finds that all recorded droughts are connected with modern droughts by a law so definite that the prediction of future droughts is rendered possible. The details will be published shortly. It is too much to suppose that xVstronomer Russell has forgotten a former subordinate of his named Egeson, who promulgated a similar empyrical doctrine regarding the weather department, to the no small annoyance of those who acted upon his pre dictions. And, by the way, where is Mr. Egeson now ? We wish to inform our friends and subscribed that Mr. J. I. Marshall, Dentist, has removed to more conveniently-situated premises, viz., 28 Wyn yard-squaro. The result of the ballot for the vacancies on the A.M.P.' Society's board of directors was: — Messrs. A. W, Meeks, 43,342 votes ; B. Short, 29,628 ; R. M. Pitt, 27,935 ; L. C. Russell-Jones, 17,679. Messrs. Meeks and Short duly elected. At a meet ing of the directors subsequently held, Sir Joseph Abbott was re-elected chairman, and Mr. R. Hill deputy- chairman. Mr. L. Julian, a draftsman in the Department of Lands, who is taking a trip to the old country for the benefit of his health, has been presented by his fellow-officers with a handsome travelling-bag. Mr. Julian, who is an old cricketer, and has many friends among the Auslralian Eleven, will accom pany the team on their American tour, and thence on their return to Australia. The release of ' Dick' Meagher as a result of the decision of the Full Court last Friday was marked by a public ovation in his favour which proved the personal hold he has established on the community. ' Dick' is young, and it is to be hoped will be but spurred on to a useful and prosperous career instead of retarded by the painful experiences of the past few months. The Duke of Norfolk has declared his intention of reducing his landed estate during the forthcoming auction seaBon. The property — about 4000 acres — which the Postmaster-General intends to dispose of is situate close to Sheffield. It is best known for its sporting facilities, and includes the celebrated Water loo drive. But this is only a slice of the property in Yorkshire which belongs to the Premier Duke. Mario Majeroni, who has impressed theatre-goers very favourably of late by the vitality of his acting in subsidiary characters, rejoins the BroughBouei cault company in Sydney. His brother, George, has returned from Western Australia, where he was touring with the Taylor-Carringtons, to take Cyril Keightley's place in 'Trilby' in Sydney. The parents of these actors first appeared in Sydney with Signora Ristori in 'Marie Antoinette.' Dan Sappoo, a Cingalese, a witness in a case re cently beard in the Supreme Court of Queensland, should be at once handed over to the Rev. Mr. Langham, the Fiji Wesleyan missionary. Dan faced the Bench with the abject impassiveness of the Oriental, and he did not exhibit the slightest gleam of humour when, to the question of his Honor Mr. Justice Cooper, ' Are you a Christian?' he replied, ' No, I am a Weslevan.' The strained relations between the Rev. Dill Macky (Presbyterian minister) and his Presbyters over the question of arrears of stipend reached an acute stage last week, when the attendance of the police had to be threatened. Mr. Dill- Macky claimed £300 arrears, the payment of which was guaranteed, with the further stipulation that on payment of three-fourths of the amount the claim ant should table his resignation. M. Farcot, who died the other day, was a watch maker who belonged, during the siege of Paris, to the corps of aeronauts who volunteered to take despatches and carrier pigeons over the German lines of investment. He left Paris in the Louis Blanc, the third baloon that was sent on such an errand, and three hours later descended in Belgium at Belair. M. Farcot brought his despatches and pigeons safely to Tours, where he arrived simul taneously with Gambetta. We should like to obtain the opinion regarding criminal appeal in France of a man named Maire# This gentleman was recently sentenced to two years' imprisonment for cutting off the lobes of the ears of three or four boys, and applied to the Chamber of Criminal Appeal, Paris, for a reduction of the sen tence on the ground of its excessive severity. The j court, however, not only refused to reduce the sen tence, but increased it from two years to five years, the maximum penalty allowed for an offence of this character. Cecil Rhodes, who is said to bear a physical and intellectual resemblance to Julius Caesar, resembles him now in his popular downfall. 'But yesterday, the word of Cuesar might have stood against the world ; now lies he there, and none so poor to do him reverence.' Even 'Joe' Chamberlain has just assured Oom Paul that ' he had no intention of defending Mr. Cecil Rhodes' when he did defend him recently in the House of Commons. And yet Mr. Rhodes is but guilty of being detected in a blunder. Donald Larnach, whose death in London at SO has been reported by cable, had for over sixty years been identified with business circles inN.S.W. He at first engaged in squatting pursuits, but his solid Scotch head was more adapted to the commerce of the day, and an early recognition of this fact led to substantial results. Soon after his mairiage in 1845 he became a director in the Bank of N.S.W., and his death found him chairman of the London Board of that bank, a position he had occupied for 43 years. Mr. Charles Wilson, of ' Glendouran,' Chelten ham, England, who died on Easter Sunday, was one of the earliest and most successful of the pioneers of the great Australian industry of sheep-farming. Born in County Down, in 1817, of an old Presby terian family, he came as a young man to Australia, and was the first, among a band of well-known brothers, to develop the occupation and watering of wide areas of land for the purpose of stock-raising. He left one son, Mr. Harold Wilson, of Elmham, Norfolk, and one daughter, the wife of Sir George Baden-Powell, M.P. Another 200 Armenians to be treated to Turkish rough-and-ready ' justice.' That is the number reported by cable as having boon arrested in Con stantinople ' i:i cuiiaequunce of iears entertained by the Sultan that an attempt would be made on his life.' Poor Sultan, to bejthus haunted by the ghost of persecuted Christian Armenia ! and poor Armenians, to be held for such cause to the arbitrament of Turkish justice, which generally drops the lead weighted body of the accused into the Bosphorus, and subsequently holds its investigations into the charges — under international pressure. Lord Salisbury (says a contemporary) is a humane man, who has been deeply interested through his political life in the social welfare of the people, and whose horror of war is as profound' as Mr. Glad stone's. [The test of humanity is difficult for a cynic like Lord Salisbury to pass. At any rate a man who spares nobody's feelings at the expense of a cruel joke can scarcely be in the front rank of hu manitarians. As to his alleged horror of war, he certainly scores a point in the matter of Armenia ; though he was a jingo of the jingoes when Mr. Glad stone declined to push England's advantage over such, a small nation as the Boers. — Er-. F. J.] Mr. George Chaffey (of Chaffey Brothers) last week filed a petition in liquidation. The total lia bilities are stated at £402,242, assets £5800. The liabilities include: — Debts due on mortgage, £228,721 ; jointly on mortgage with Mr. Levien, £70,454 ; unsecured creditors, £70,008, including jointly with Starr and Co., £13,598. The total due to secured creditors other than by mortgage is £30,050. Deficiency, £396,442. The failure is attributed to the liquidation of Chaffey Brothers, Limited, and inability to realize on property held by Fink, Best, and Hall, of Melbourne, solicitors. — L. B. M'Kay, official assignee. The principal secured creditors are : — Chaffey Bros., Limited, £175,949 ; the Victorian Government, £5198 ; Law, Somner, and Co., £5413; G. P. Mills, £6323 ; the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Company, £32,450 ; Glyn, Mills and Currie, £22,000 ; Liquidators of the' Federal Bank, £3587 ; Union Bank, £31,254; National Bank, £39,200 ; Land Mortgage Bank, £3000. The chief unsecured creditors are the Werribse Irrigation Company Liquidators, £4000 ; River Murray Steam Navigation Company, £500 ; Tangye Limited, £2200; Mercantile Bank, £3661; Annie Chaffey, £23G4; Mr. Degaris, £513. The in solvent includes among his unsecured creditors ' the Queen, £40,000,' this being the amount stated by Mr. Stuart Murray to be necessary to place the machinery and channels at Mildura in proper re pair. ? 