HOPS. They say that the name of the station is changed, and that the dog is dead, hut 1 remember, and I think 1 shall re member always, lu a shan) V of a valley, between two tall, unheeding mountains, stood a little In-own station, all alone. It looked like a knot In the end of the brown rag of road that hung over the low ridge beyond it. "Hope" was the name in the middle of the weathered sign-board, Willi "Winnipeg, — miles," at the nearer cud. and "Vancouver, — miles," at the further. There was small token of life about the building so far as even we in the observation car could see, so, when the conductor came back from tlic office wlf.li his orders, we wondered why the train did not go oil Bnt pretty soon a tall old man, with a rod flag under his arm, came up the track ahead to the station platform. Some of us had alighted, and to us he volunteered, while he rolled his flag closer: — "Rock ou the track!" "Is it very iargeY" asked someone. "Nope: they'll get it off purty soon; like 'nougli, in 'bout ten minutes." That accent was unmistakably from t lie "States." and I came nearer where I could hear all he said. He sat down on a pile of boxes, and, in reply to some remark, said meditatively: "Nop: trains don' her much "casion to stop hero long nowadays. Used to be a puty decent mine up yonder," jerk ing his head toward the little road; "then they war some (loin's here." "Aline abandoned "Eaup," he was going on: when an other idea struck him. He looked ! round uneasily. "They hain't none of you seen Roily, Lev you?' "Who's Roily!'" "W'y, Roily, he's the dorg:" his eyes grew anxious. "He's a great institution 'round those parts. Roily is." He rose and went quickly to the door of the station, opened it. and put his head inside. We heard the click of the telegraph instrument. "Sav, Bennie, Where's Roll ?" he called. ITis voice was different from that in which he spoke to the man 011 1- Eide. The answer was inaudible. "Humph! Curious, ain't it? When did he go?" Again the Inaudible reply. "Well, lie must a' heard the whistle." He came back to the travellers, but with his eyes on the brown road over the ridge. "Didn't it pan out?" asked one. "Huh? Oh. the mine! . I dunno. I guess 'twould ef " but the old idea was too strong— his eyes sought the slope again. "Now, where In time is that dorg? He ain't use' tp miss in' trains." "What was the matter at the mine?" "Oh," there was ghosts came there, 'n' they scart everybody, 'n' now thoy won't no one go niglr but Roily, and he's interested. Wish 't he'd come, any how." "Weil, what is It about Roily, my friend, is he your dog?' asked a. big, quiet man, standing near with his wife. "Nope. That is, lie is and he ain't— one way he's mine, and two he ain't— one way he's mine, 'cause I feed im and hanker after 'im ef he ain't round. III II II II IWMIUM I II Ifl I riTTT" II I I "fTTTtiF"--""'— One way he ain't mine, he's Benuie's, 'cause everything I've got that Bonnie hankers after is liis'n. an' he thinks a heap o' Roily. Bennie's the telegraph here. " 'Notlier way, he aiu't mine nor Bennie's neither. lie hisself thinks he b'iongs to a man 't hain't, been "round here quite a spell— tlie last contractor at the 'Hope.' He left in a lectle hurry one night, be in' found with some mine pay money mixed into his own inside pocket by mistake, 'n' he forgot the dorg." One traveller, acquainted with west ern euphemisms asked: "Did they liaug or shoot liim?" The old fellow grinned. "Shot 'ini; sent the remnants east in a box. We hain't lookin' for 'ijn back, but Roily is. Yes, sir, he's on hand every train, an' between times he goes up to the mine to see ef his man has slipped by uubekuowest an" gone up there." Just then the conductor, passing, said: "Nearly ready: all aboard." Wo started reluctantly for the car. nil of us with our eyes on the brown road now. The old man walked with us. "Can't think what on 'arth keeps 'im. He'll cry all day e£ he missus this train." We were all ou board now. The con ductor stood, watch in hand, his eyes, too, on the rood. "There he is!" someone shouted. "He knorred he was late, a 11' took the shoi ; cut," exclaimed the old man. Our eyes left the rond. and at the other end of the phi R vvjj luet a small, smooth- coated If; h ; . , : J white mongrel, all dusty ami panting, crouched with quivering flanks by the steps of the last car, a Pullman. The dog's eyes were 011 the porter. The porter looked to ibe conductor for a Eign; the conductor looked at his watch and his orders, and nodded. Then the porter lifted the eager little brute into the car vestibule. We in the observation car all waited, with eyes on the door of the nearest Pullman; all but the quiet man. who had retired into the front corner of the car behind his newspaper. "Blest if I want to see the benst dis appointed," he said to his wife. lines he go through the whole train?" I asked the old man. "Yes, miss, all but the eol-nis( car and the emigrant; he knows that aiu't the kind." Just then the Pullman door opened and the porter came through, followed by the dog, slopping high and nervously. There were a great many in the car, and the dog was bewildered. The porter picked him up and put him on One of tiic seals, a double row of which ran back to hack down the centre of the car. The dog put his paws on the back of the seat and looked ail around, ears up. nos trils moving, flanks quivering, tail straight out and slowly waving. Suddenly he gave a sharp yell, and bounded over the centre seats down | the aisle like a young tornado, and stopped with both paws ou the quiet man's knees, yelping, dancing, tearing the newspapers down upon himself. The man took the paper away, and the dog leaped toward his fgee with n squeal. But the squeal broke half way, and the dog fell back on all fours, still as a stone. The quiet: man looked at . him kindly and put out a hand to pat him. The" dog came closer, his eyes al ways on the man's face, and softly put his paws on the kuees again. The man said:— "Weil. Roily!" The dog's head went on one side a moment, the name was all right, but the voice— the voice- He got down and backed off. his tail between bis legs, his ears wavering; he gave one low, questioning whine, then slowly answered the porter's call. At the top of the car steps lie paused and came bock. With bead oti n side and paw raised he looked again, and then with a sharp sort cf bark turned back and went down. A moment afterward the conductor's watch snapped; be waved his hand and the train drew out, up the broad can yon of the Oban ting Bow. But our eyes were turned back to the platform, where the dog stood, poised, head on a side, and foot lifted, looking after us. The quiet man didn't draw back till we had rounded a curve; then he found a cinder in his eye. "Ni'-c scenery" he said.— (M.C.P., ::: the "New York rosi.") 