TRIUMPHANT SOCIALISM. II. TO THE! EDITOR. Sir,-The people of France, alas ; were not worthy of " freedom of each to do only as directed by the whole." In a new world, untainted by tradi- tions of Imperialism, the great gospel of equality might take root, and accordingly early in the present century we find Robert Owen, " the founder of Socialism in England," as he has been styled by A. J. Booth, directing his great experience and lavishing his immense fortune upon the establishment of a Socialistic State in America, "The New Harmony Community of Equality." It failed, because, as Owen pathetically writes, " families trained in the individual system, have not acquired those moral qualities of forbearance and charity for each other, which are necessary to promote full confidence and harmony among all the members." One of poor Owen's fads, which has been many years subsequently appropriated by Karl Marx, was " to make labour the standard of value, and labour notes, representing so many hours of work, the medium of exchange." One more experiment in State Socialism may he noted, the founding of the colony of Paris, in America, by Cabet. It failed ignominiously, and its founder fled to Missouri in 1850, and died there, and yet Cabinet's scheme is almost identical with that of Marx and Engels, which has been slavishly adopted and preached in Queensland by a self-appointed clique which misrepresents the aspirations of the honest workers. To quote Cabet's description of Icaria, " The civil government is committed to persons elected by universal suffrage, and removable from office at the people s will referendum'). There is neither property nor money, neither buying nor selling. All are equal, all work for the community, which in return provides for all the necessaries of life. All manufactures and industries are national property, and the executive government regulates the process of production and consumption of commodities ; it ap- points to every man his share of labour, and assigns to every man a due share of personal enjoyment." This is the gospel of the " Worker." It is as able a condensation of the principal articles of the modern State Socialistic faith as it is possible to write, and yet it is as impracticable to-day as it was fifty years ago in Paris, In the Socialistic State the officials will (until removed by a general election, or, as has been twice the case in France, by secondary revolutions) regu- late everything ; they will decide for every child his trade or profession, the influence or will of the parent, unless he be an official, will count for naught to each worker they will assign a place ; they will measure his work day by day, or week by week, and pay him in " labour notes," which he again can exchange for the necessaries of life at the nearest Government store. These " notes" will be of no value outside the borders of the mad State. Money saving or investment will be impossible, so that in old age each man will he housed by the gruff officials of a labour Dunwich. The civil service, or "officials," instead of being the servants of free men in a free State, will he the- masters of slaves, removable only by steam elections manipulated to produce such results as will continue to them (the masters) their place and power. Officials everywhere ! to see that each man works, to spy and measure and pay to cheat, terrorise, and kill, if need be. To ride round "New Australia" with revolvers and black police to see that no man gets too large a share of the monkeys and 'beans for which they collected £60,000 and threw open Paraguay to prove to thrifty bush workers (called " white slaves") how much better the men who never worked could "save society." in the Socialistic State the officials will exceed the workers, and who will dare to measure their work or audit their accounts or question their pay. Russian or Chinese corruption of officialdom has not yet learned the alphabet of their dishonour. Self-interest will die in the breasts of the workers of such a community, the monotony of equality will 'damp it, the favouritism of officials will dishearten it, the hopelessness of the future will kill it. 'Inventive genius will not labour for the general good when no patents law protects the legitimate profits of its la hours. Artistic excellence will never he attempted when it is debarred of its reward in the field of competitive con- noisseurs, and consigned to measure- ment by " the labour hour at the hands of a perfunctory civil servant. Pictures, if ever painted, will probably be paid for by the superficial foot, and statuary by the cubic yard. Will Adelina Patti ever sing or Henry Irving over play to a State which measures such efforts by the rule of " the average la Tour hour" 2 All genius and ability will fly from the Socialistic State just as men fly from other "levellers," such as cholera and " Black Death." It is admitted by Karl Marx and all his leading followers that the State which they aim to found must control the publishing of all books and other literature, " The Press has been degraded by private enterprise," they say. Well, assuming for argument sake that it has, will not the cure be worse than the disease 1 Will the complaints of individuals against acts of favouritism and oppression by officials ever be published In that Tress which is the machine of officials ? Will wholesale criticism or condemnation of the Government ever be voiced in any journal when the Government itself owns all journals ? If a majority of the people be secularists or freethinkers, will the re- ligions books and devotional papers of the minority ever be issued from the State printing offices and vice versa, if the majority Hbe Protestant or Catholic V " in the Collectivist State the individual may freely consume such proportion of the product of his labour, or the worth thereof, as he may be found to be entitled to by the judgment of the State (that is, by the voice of the people), but he cannot be allowed to produce anything excepting as directed by the captains of industry ; all tools and material for production, all land and raw material having been " resumed by the State for the benefit of all." Was ever such rubbish written before and yet that is the gospel of the " Worker," the battle cry of the Labour party. We voice the faith and aspiration of a majority of the people of Queensland, " give us one-man-one-vote and we will show you that we do. We can choose a Government capable of " appropriating the expropriations," of resuming and directing all the means of production, and of assigning to each man and, woman his and her place and task, and of measuring and fairly rewarding the work of each. 'If you doubt our capacity for the task, look: for yourselves at the seventeen intellectual and physical and spiritual prodigies whom we have already elected ; or, if you like, judge us all by our king the coming head of Socialistic Queensland, the paragon of power, probity, and purity, "President" Glassey ! "We are not afraid of force, they say, we know it must be used if we are to get " Socialism in our time." All practical men know that the dreams of the ultra Collectivist can never be realised ! Wherein then lies their danger ? They are preached in Australia in order to produce dissatisfaction and discords, and to rivet attention upon the new chum saviours of society. Put us in power they say, and for a paltry £300 per annum and free railway pass we will teach you "ignorant natives how to abolish all poverty and pain, all social inequalities and sins. 'Shut your eyes and open your mouth and you will find a new world after the pill has been swallowed and we have got the money. The old song of the quack all the world over, " same old lie," " same old theft." Compromise with such men is impossible, and the time is coming when the gentleman who sits on the rail, and is all things to all men, will find it expedient to leave a field of battle where the combatants regard him as a cockshy. Triumphant Socialism is not coming in March, 1890. Instead, thereof, Labour candidates are trimming and disowning the " "Worker," and playing the Judas in relation to Socialism, in order that they may catch the votes of the "in- dependent" jellyfish, and retain by any means their loaves and fishes, and more cowardly still, they are raising the ghost of a long buried racial feud. On their heads be it, with all the retribu- tion which must follow as surely as night follows day I I am, sir. &c.; NATIVE. 24th February. Among the presents (says the Vienna correspondent of the "Daily News") which the Sultan sent the Czar is a diamond necklace, worth 35,000 Turkish pounds, for the Empress, and a cigarette case, with diamonds, the middle one being a historical stone, which Abdul Aziz gave Fuad Pacha, but made him return. The third present is for both -a Christian relic-a piece of the cross of Christ, which the Sultan has no right to give away, as it is the nation's property. The papers which commented on this were confiscated. 