"FLO," A BUSH MAIDEN. By C. BOGUE LUFFMAN. WHILE boundary-riding on Mount Wallace station I managed to earn the reputation of being the meanest sportsman on the country side. It was dreadful. I had always taken infinite pains to act justly in my dealings with the bush people, and to come in suddenly to such a title was truly a misfortune. What had I done? I had shot the last deer; killed an innocent, little creature-the one thing on earth which had kept a mother's heart whole. It was in this way. Coming strange to the place, I looked round for the best gaps in the hills, and for grassy gullies where I was likely to make a bag, for I had been told thére were deers in the district. It turned out that there was only one, and seeing it browsing in a gully one day 1 got up a tree, waited for it to como within range, fired, and killed it. There was a small hut at the bot- tom of the gully where, on one or two occasions, I had seen the old man pottering about, so, shouldering my game, I struggled off to the hut, thinking how delighted its occupier . would be with a haunch of venison ; but on beholding my spoil the old man nearly fainted. "Take it and yourself away," he shouted ¡ "you'll never do any good in this world or the next. Wait till tho Widdy Mack see's ye ; she'll brain , yo if she nas strength enough." , "What do you meany" I asked. " What is this to do with the Widdy Mack? Surely she doesn't own the country and everything in it?" ! ; " Never you mind ! War'n't it Flo's pet, and ain't the old woman living on the sight of it since the girl died ?" " I don't know anything about the pet and the girl ; this is a wild deer " ', and you're mistaking it for unother." "Noil ain't! There warn' but, one deer in the districk, and I knows it. Now the best thing you can do is to bury that straight away, for if the . busbies finds out as how you've killed Flo's deer, by ghost you won't come . off best in tho scrimmage, I tell you." The .old man was sd - genuinely . aroused that I began to think that he ' must bo on the right side, so I ques- tioned him about the deer and about Flo, and other things he had spoken of.' After tv while I was satisfied to take his advice, and without remov- ing its pretty skin, I buried Flo's pet in the gully near to where I had killed it. The old man's - story of Flo had impressed me, and I sauntered slowly homo to my camp, thinking of her all the way, and that night I believe'my dreams were of the girl, even though I never seen her. The next day I rode round by tho Widow Mack's, intending to sound her on the story pf Flo and tho deer. Tho widow lived in a small slab house of two rooms, with a bark skillion at tho back, under the brow of a heavily timbered range, and got -'-her living honestly, though it would be difficult to_ say how. After hitch- ing up my reins to a post and taking stock: of the little home, I rapped at the door, and the widow opened it and stared at me without saying a word. I saw that she was embar- rassed on beholding a stranger, so I stepped back and said, " Good morn- ing. I'm tho new boundary rider, and I called to know what your cattle brands are ; for I'll be round the Sapling Creek in a day or two, and if I seo anything of your's there I'll cut it out of the mob and run it home for you." " Ttmnk'oe. Oh, you're the now boundary-ridor, are ye ? Weel, come awa bon. I was just a go in' to put the billy on to make a pannikin o' tea, so you can hae a drap wi' me." " Thank you," I said, and stepped in. " What have you got in tho cultiva- tion this year ? ' I asked her, address- ing her as if I knew all about her affairs. " Oh I Nothing but a bit of fowl wheat. I dinna fash mysel' aboot auythin' noo-noo puir Flo's gone." " No, I suppose not." " No. It was a decent patch before Murda (Murdoch) left me, but noo I ' canna bother aboot it, and I let things gang their ain gait." She was a woman nearly sixty years of age, with a l-ather pleasant face, oxecpting that she had torribly blood-shot eyes, and she kept her Apron on her bauds and now and then soaked up tho, tears which streamed almost incessantly down lier cheeks. I had passed many years in the wild bush country, ancf had known hundreds of homes ? simplor and rougherthan this, but alone with this sorrowing croature, who seemed to live on the ono word " Flo," I left ' strangely stirred and impressed. When tho billy boiled she made . tlie tea. Then I put several questions to her, which sho answered »briefly, . and at last inquired- . . " You didna ken Flo, did ye ? " " No ; 1 never knew her." " Oh, she was a guid gurl-a gao, bonny gurl sho was-puir Flo ! " " How did sho die ? ' I asked. " Oh she died easy, but she lived li ard. O' course I didna ken sho wns like that, or I shouldna let hor do it. When her father died wo shifted out hero fra the Marsh'. That was saxton years syne, and Murda was a lino big lump o' a laddie I took up a selection hore, and some of the cockies in tho Marsh used to come oot wi' their tools and teams and put a crop in for me f the spring, and with a few hoad o'stock we did right (lue for a time. Murda used to tak' the bit butter a' few eggs to tho township wanst a moon, and wanst n year I sold mo bit crop and got enough to keep tho selection paid up. O' course 'twas hard times wi us, but I didna mind so long as tho bairns Jeep' well ami hearty. " Auld Wongie as lives doon the gully used to he uncommon great wi' us, nnd I thocht that I'd liv to seo tim time when I would pay un fur 't all." Hero sho sobbod aloud, .mid then talked dolefully on. i . " O' course in' time Murda wanted i to gang to the Marsh to school, and I kenned ho ocht to go, but I said, j ' Ye maun bide anent anither year, and then you'r mither a' sister 'Il be able to do wi'out ye, while ye gang awa' to learn to be a mon.' But ho were a stubborn laddie, 'and wadna bide after for making up his mind, and Flo wore a gae little lassie about ten a' the time, and she begged rae to let Murda go to school, for though she liked him fine she was a' heart that he should ken his buik and come home to instruct her. " So Murda went to school." " I hadria to pay anything for his keep, for the cockies in tho Marsh were verra guid, and keepèd him turn aboot a' the years he bid there. " He was a gran' scholard, and kenned his buik _ fine, and I didna begrudge him his power, but his Í'oin' awa' just killed Flo. Puir, puir rio ! . " Of course, I couldna help foelin' i lonely when he went awa, and auld Wongie used to come every day to I help me wi' the stock, and little Flo was aye busy tryin' all she knew to make me bright, and I were after a time quite satisfied ; but I' didna think aboot rae puir wee bairn. She was never tired !" " Mony'8 the time she would be. oot o' bed and up at a gap in the Turoe' tine range-throe miles awa'-before daylight, and in a' weathers, to stop the cattle fra travellin' over tho spur into the long gully -for ye ken if they wanst got doon there we mightna see 'em again for a moon. Then she used to work in the cultiva- tion all day, and she rung that 20 acre block below the dam aliher little sel'. And what was there to eat or drink or see for it alli' She kenned but nine or ten folk in the world. " I mind we always ' had a damper at tea, and sometimes she'd set a trap to catch a rabbit or a hare, but them was aboot a' she had to lev and work for. " "When Murda come hame she was a ta' lassie o' thirteen, she was aye bright, but she never had a bit o' colour, and I didna think her . verra, hearty, but I nevor thouht she was so near name. "I were quite grey mesel when quite young, for my guid mon and me had a rough start when wo came oot, and the life were sa different fra hame in Scotland that I fretted, ye ken/'and were for a time verra sair. " " But when Murda came hame and I sighted bairns together again,»my heart leaped wi' joy and I folt quite young. " 'Twas aboot this time twa years syne :- nice spring weather, and a gran' lot o' grass in tho gullies-and they twa used to go afr evera day playin' and gamin' more like bairns than when' they was wee things." Hero the tears streamed down'her red, swollen- cheeks, and her feet trembled on the clay floor of the hut. After a long pause she went on : " Murda had been hame just three weeks. I ken the time weol. It were aboot nine o'clock i' the evenin', and Flo said sho wore tired and would ga ta bod. "She nad a wee cough, and for twa or three nichts I had made her a drnp o' porritch, and Murda had taken it into her room and stayed there till she went to sleep. The nicht she said, ' ril kess ye noo, mither, for I'm verra tired, and I'll gae to sleep quick after takin' the broso.' So I said, Verra weel, Flo,' and I kissed her and she went into that little bed ns ye seo there,. . " By and bj'o Murcia took in the broso, but, she said, 'Nao ! dear brother, I canna eat-I'm no weel, I'm gaun to dee.' " " ' Go long,' says Murda, and storts playin' wi' her, but sho says, ' Call mither; I'm gaun to doe.' So Murda called me, and when I went' in she said, 'Puir, puir, dear mither, I'm gaun to leave yo !' " " ' No I no ! Flora,' I cried, ' you're no gaun to leave me. I'm wi' ye, and Murda's wi ye, and we won't let ye gae.'" "But she put her arms around me neck, and said, ' Good-bye, Murda good-bye - puir-puir-mother-' and sho was dead." The *old woman bit her nervous, twitching lips, and repeated to her- self, " Puir-puir-mother !" " We had to have a doctor, and he said her little heart was clone ! " I didna like to tell him a' the work she'd done, but he kenned. He said'she'd wrought her little life awn,' and she was ainly thirteen ! " Wo buried her down in the gully, near to where there is a spring, and the grass is always green, and alittlo wild deer that Flo loved better than everything in tho world, except me and Murda, is always feeding and resting there, and seems to know quito woel a* about puir Flo." With tearful eyes I stood up and pressed tho old womau's hand. There was no room for cant here. I could only bid her take heart, and wishiug her good-day, rodo oil' to tho gully. " I found tho green patch and a heap of stones marking the spot where Flo sloops-close beside her littlo wild companion, which I had shot and buried there only tho day boforo. - -Australasian. The A.J.C. lins issued a list of the jockeys registered, anil the names of Etteridge, Ellis, Parker. J. Delaney. F. Fielder, lt. Gough and S. Cal I ¡nan arc missing. The committee of Hie A.J.C. are taking steps to procure the legislation of the totnll satur in N.S.W., and hilve written to Ade- laide for full particulars of the working uf the machine in Sont 11 Australia. Wo pre- sume that suburban clubs will lint lie allowed to uso tho machine if it becomes law. In that case an opposition is created. Should N.S. W. get the totalisalor, Victoria must follow, or good-bye to thu supremacy of the Melbourne Cup, a race which stands out from all others now: but. if N.S.W. gets tho machine it. will not be long before the Sydney Cup has at. least £5000 lidded tn it, and then (asks the AiiHlralitaian) where will tho Mclbuurue Cup he? Alarmer, wliolma hart some experience with ensilage, says Cape outs, lucerne, and maize j make tho best nnsiluge. To slack ensilage, 1 1 poles should bo put tip at thc corners ami i sides to prevent lt from falling over. 1 