A WORD IN YOUR BAR. The oratjr quilt of the year ie all bat oomplote, Vet then remains tlio craziest ofthecraiy patohes to stitch on. It will bo orusy with the wWmnoalities of life, grid ironed with the traj odieu of fate. Crass. craty, embroidered, lemmei round by the relaxed mueoles of a lying year— finished ! What think ye of Christmas, dear Oui-rER readers? An ancient feBtltal, an unique outrival of the tuer-y old heathen days when the national doky was given to making things merry, painting things vennilliou on his hilarious ratBle-dmeles, taxing the in genuity of his subje its to keep pace with him. In the days when the world was young the gods lpvid woinou and wine. Their tasteB have now developed into dollars, and they, ere served a- religiously ns of old time) out alaok-n-day, with dolorous BUBpivationB redolent of hypocritical cant, white-chokered and begowned. The Dollar gods have forgotten to be merry; whilst their lechery is of a jaundioed yellow. Which bad taste can only be accounted as cnusiness. Yet wo live in hope — for every dog has but it. day. We are cheek by jowl with Christmas, and the staff of The Gutpeu will have but one more chat with their good friends— the Sovereign People, ere putting their legs un der the family deal board, which (with a alioe of lnok) may groan beneath the weight of a very heavy plum duff, warranted to settle moat things, including good digestion. Fercbance we may even got cheek By jowl with the fattened goose, or hotter still— outsido o! one. Dear country readers lovingly assimilate a thoughtful suggestion. From the small printer's devil up to the editor, not to mention the Ghost, that has of late shown ambulatory indecision, at this oraiy season we are all possessed of an ach ing void, which only the farm-yard fat tened goose can fill. The Ghost speaks : be that bath ears, let him hear:— 'My tables, meet it is I set it down, that one may want, and want, and be a wanuish ; at least it may be unless ? [The cock crows, und the Ghost has vanished.J Next week The Cupi'int expects every man to do bu- duty. Do whilo there is a chance of using and buy the Christmas Cui'FKR. It will mi ke you talk ; it will make you laugh j it will make you cry; it will tonic appetite, bit it won t tonic the legs and land you in ti e bands of our geuial Super of Folioe, who dues not want too much to do at the crazy festival. V Christmas comes but once a year, and when it oomes it brings good cheer. Wish you the luck of the day readers, when it comes ; meantime the year goes cackling by, hissing, shrieking, trumpeting, and gene rally (shattering the gamut of terror and rage, and woe. Verily tbe year is itself a goose, fattened to be cooked by Old Time, who was never a gosling. But let's drink and be merry ! Odds my life, the year is, but will be no more after the thirty-first. Thie is the nineteenth. The thirty-first of a month, the arbitrary division of man. Man has leashed op Time into days, weeks, and years, but is not able to stick the knife into Time and live for ever. Man and the length of his day*, these be thy humors, old Time. It has happened that the Ci.iri'Kit ie friendly with old Time, for he is an inde pendent ancient. Bind him, and he laughs at hie withes as osier twigs. Old Time has been kind to the Clipper, perchance recognising the kinship ot independence. Thus it ^happens that though Ike myrmi dons of sassiety waged war upon the Clipper, and the assassin's knife was stuck in up to the hilt by an envenomed High Chief Priest of Lawanhorder, Old Time has decreed that the Clipper shall continue to pour forth light into dark places, and chronicle from the lemt to tbe greatest the many pbasoB of contemporary life. The friends of a fearless press are asked this CbristmaB to toast th-- Curl-Ell, and long life to it. No heel taps. Rejoioe, the people i paper is in clear water. Crashed dowi by that iniquitous verdict of £600, we blithely and lilhely crept from under that which we could uot carry. By a miracle ? he Olhtkii is again strong and free to .erve The Cause of Democracy. Though i ue days of miracles are past, and no lon/er is tho rod of a Moses effective, a mini' lc has been wrought, none the less that the nagioian's wand was tho skill, integrity, am careful attention of our solicitors. The Curi'BR has not ooeti lacking etauuoh friends, and so it is enabled to enter the new year more capablo to do its duty as the people's paper ttfat it bos been chastened by trials. It will be the constant endeavor to give the Clipper readers the pleasure of contact, with the fresh and vigorous miuds of an able democratic staff. Certain shallow people, having nothing of value to express, are given tu snearing at tho Cupper's literary methods, unable to per ceive ttiat thare burus within its rough realism tbe artistic bouI. The People htvo not been equally blind. Hence the success of our unique literary venture. The liuiTOit. 