LOCAL AND DISTRICT. Moss Vale FIRE BRIGADE The attention of our readers is invited to Superintendent Bear's report to the Under- Secretary, re the Moss Vale Fire Brigade, which appears in another column. It is satisfactory to Iearn that the local board are making most strenuous efforts to put the Moss Vale Fire Brigade on a satisfactory footing, and we hope they will not relax in their efforts until they have accomplished the object in view. We are requested to state that F. R. WiLSHIRE the illtiminuteil address to he TeiTIUONIAL, presented at the Centennial Hall on Saturday next to the inuch- csteemed police I magistrate of tho Berrima diotrlot, on his projected early removal to Glen Iunej, is now on view at the ' Commercial Bank. Tho mlilress, which is very tastefully and artistically illuminated, has been prepared and framed by Messrs. John Sands and Co., Sydney, and is altogether a most creditablo production. Last Saturday's sale at the Moss Moss Vale Vale produce market was Produce Maiikkt. 1i rjcly attended, and resnlted :: - : in In i»k eompetition and every line beint? cleared. The mipply of butter was Bmall, wl^ich rc#li»ed up to 12Ji per lb ; eggs 8d to lOJd ilnvan A InpoA mtanflfv nf nranrrpH t mrn nnlrl ftf. from 3d to 7 dozen ; inaudarins realised up to 4d duzeii. These Saturday sales are rapidly increasing in favor with l-oth prudueers and consumers, ana | their management reflect great credit on the I auctioneer, Mr. John Dymock. The popular Gift Sales Taylor Brothers, annually held for several ? years past by the enterpris* ing firm of Taylor Brothers have, always been appreciated and largely patronised by residents of the district. Tho sale now on, and whiah closes on Saturday next, has been no exception to the rule. The gifta distributed to every cash pur chaser of Ss or more have been both acceptable and useful, and every customer who has patronised this sale since its commencement on Saturday, Angust 1st, have expressed their satisfaction at the arrangements. Messrs. Taylor Brothers, with the view of keeping.faith with thoir patrons, havo just opened up a new lot of ' Gifts ' to enablo them to carry on-the sale to a successful termina tion on Saturday next. ? We are gratified to find that ' ? Local . efforts to bnd work for some of . UxcKFLoxso. the local unemployed havo been *v; successful. Since Alderman Goodridge ass timed the Mayoral chair ho has left no ?tone unturned with this object in view, and last week he received eight railway passes from the tabor Bureau with which he dispatched eight men to Jenlderie, where his worship bad arranged with tho railway contractor to give their employment. It is .proposed tp open the Parish Road, undermentioned road any ob jection thereto must be lodged with tho clerk of the executive council within a month from 8th.instanfc:-T.Part« of road between the east houudary of A, -A- Carter's^ 200 acres c.1. 1 portion No. 193. parish of Nuudialla, and the south boundary nf E. Carter's 330 aores, portion No 33, parish of Baugndilly, country of Camden. Plans and books of reference lodged at Berrima police office. .- : . t The followingtendera woroecnt Road TenSkbs. -in for contract No 86-7, 1 and Si for forming, clearing, drains, &o; , road, Fitzrey Falls via Belmore Falls to Robertson : — Contract No. 1. — G, Frazer, £57 : A. Gilroy, £74 16s ; G. Farthing, £79 19s 6d : Maroney and Lewis. £83 5a ; W. Maokay. £86 5s ; W. J, Hnmphries, £91 2s 6d j P- C. Ginger, £171 'No 2.— J. Murpliy, £473 10s; A.;Gilroy, £533 Ss ; P. Malnney and Johu Lewie, £598 12s 8d ; G. Fraser, £649 18s lOd. We regret to aunounco tho Lat& Mr. W. H, death of Mr. William Ralph ' Beabfabe. . Bearpark, which took place on ! . Wednesday afternoon ' last. ?ilr. Bearp»rk was a native of YorUshiro, and after many years' residence in London, came to New South Wales upwards of twenty years a^o. being engaged iu one of the principal whoUaale firms in 8vclney for some yeara, whioh he was compelled to ' 'relinquish 'on account of failing health, which ; unfortanately overtook him some tcii years ago. ' For' the1' list nix years Mr. Bearpark has been a resident of Moss Vale, residing first at ?' Valetta,' 1 thpn in VarrAWA and latterly at the 'Manse. ' ; .lFpr?fivo mbhth'e'^ ^'post ho has b'ecnbon&nedto;'his lied,' and despite all that good medical skill and .careful nursing could do, succumbed at half past ttvolon . Wednesday afternoon last, in tho 67th j^arof Jib age, leaving * wife add - large circle of friends 'to ewutB their; loss.' %he° funeral . took blade l it the Pissbffcrian.CemelfJr, Bong Bong. 'ou Friday'Iiwt, the R«v. JJowdU Barry officiating |st th^gmve,*'' ' The Railway Commissioners The Mbrrhdur- announce the issue of holiday it A u Sliow. excursion tickcts at Albury, Blayney, Sydney, and iutcj medlato stations, including branch lines, to Murrumborrah, commencing on Tuesday, the 25th inst., and thereafter by trains timed to arrive at Murrumburrah up to 1.53 p.m. on the 27th, the tickets being availablo for return by ordinary train until the following Saturday. There's a cat and dog contra-' Mittagoxg, vt,rsy going on in Mittagong just now aud pussy seems to be getting rather the best of it, Tho Recreation Club is going in for a new depar ture this season, The management propose to have periodical re-nnions of a social character in which players, non-players, and frionds alike will bo welcome. The idea is a goo lone and will, no doubt, be the means of popularising the club. The ironworks are still ' closed, pending recon struction,' and thero are no signs yot of ** recon struction.' The ordinary fortnightly meet Bowral. ing of the Berrima District Cottage Hospital was held on Friday afternoon, there being present, Mr. J. W, Grovenor (in the chair), and Messrs. F. P. Dowdell, | (lion, treasurer), H. W. Edwards, J. Piggott, and tl n T.lnlltnrti M'r T.Snthnrn intnil unnrofurv in the absence of the hon. secretary. Among the correspondence' dealt with was a letter from Mr. Gavin George apolo^iaing for liia unavoidable absence and suggesting that Mr. W. McCourt be written to with u view to having the_ Government subsidy forwarded without loss of time. It waa decided to leave the matter of the subsidy in tho hands of the hbn.' treasurer for the present.' Mr. Henry Green of Goulburn wrote quoting prices for disinfectants and it rvas decided that the letter should be acknowledged. Mr. T. C. .Brown wrote resigning his position as Kdn. secretary owing to pressure of business. It waB decided that a letter should be written in reply regretting the resigna tion the consideration of which was held over until next meeting. Tho visiting committee suggested in their report that a record should be kept of persons not.admitted to the hospital and that this should be supplied to the committee by the matron. TV-- iMMflnn «eaa flrlttntml. Thrt rrraintja fnr tho month, according to the hon. treasurer's report, xrern as follows Patients payments £4 10s ; dosatiocs £7 Is 3d, making a total of £11 lis 3d. The expenditure amounted to £20 Ss lOd. The carrent account stsnds at £60 ISs 4d and the com mittee have also a fixed deposit of £300. Accounts amounting to £24 17s frl were passed tor paymeut and Messre. Piggott and J. W. Grovenor were appointed to be tb: visiting committee for the month. The Bowral Volunteer Fire Brigade and the Bowral School of Arts Committee hare bad a brush and they're not going to play with each other any more. It seems that the brigade has been taking stock of the tire extinguishing appliances at the School of Arts, and after mature deliberation has come to the conclusion that to make adequate pro vision for the safety of the School of Arts building as well as for the safety of those who may patro nise that licensed place for public entertainments, it will be necessary for the School of Arts Commit tee to provide additional firo extinguishing appliances in the shape of fire buckets. Having unanimously arrived at that conclusion the next step the brigade took was to acquaint the School of Arts Committee of this decision. The commit tee 'got on its hind leg,' because the brigade had the audacity to communicate direct with it instead ot tnrougn ine r ire nngaae soaru, anu tuc result has been disastrous. The committee woii't pro vide the additional fire buckets becanse they can't afford the expense and have most effectively ' sat ' upon the brigade fnr its impertinence by ' with drawing the concession of allowing two members of the brigado to be picsent in the building during entertainments ! if up to the present danger wae to be apprehended by reason of the inadequuteness of firo extinguishing appliances when two experi enced firemen were present (and the Board ought to kuow), then it stands to reason that without these two experienced men the danger , will be still greater. But, never mind, tho brigade has 'been taught a lesson. It may be quite right in its con tention about the necessity for additional precau tions against a possible outbreak of fire, but it had no right to communicate direct with the committee and therefore if there is any real danger tho School of Arts committee will increase it rather thou diminish it. That's logic isn't it. It's policy, too. Etiquette must be observed. Of course, if the communication bad have come through the Fire Brigade Board a different, complexion would havo been placed on tho question altogether. On tho arrival of tho Hst mail froin Johannes burg, it was reported, both in Mittagong and in Bowral, that Arthur Duprez who is well-known here, had been wounded in the Transvaal. Arthur's many friends will have a certain amount of conso lation in the fact that tho wound was not Berious. The special war corresdondent of thrf Johannesburg Weehbj Timet, writiug from Thaba Mamba camp. Bulwaayo, uutior uate, ounuay, only o, gives the following particulars of the engagement in which the incident above referred to occurred. ' Lieu teuant Taylor's scouts forccd their way slowly through the Kopjes in a westerly direction towards Bowden and Drury. On proceeding half a mile they came across the enemy. A herce skirmish took placo lasting about three quarters of an hour, Forming a junction with Bowaea the scouts came across the natives running in some Kopjes. The rebels fired on the scouts killing trooper Langton and on Captain Do Moleyns and troopers Duprez and Rose endeavoring to carry a comrade out of the action, Duprez was wounded in the calf of the leg. Four horses were shot and one '.vouuded, six of the enemy were killed,' In summering the aasualities the name Arthur Duprex appears in the list of ' slightly wounded.' John Rowlands who met with a painful accident on the post office verandah during tho early part of last week is still confined to his room. It is rumored that he contemplates entering an action for damages against tho Government. «*. iu nt tho Po»„ n-i.t« n — ^ .... Friday, before Mr. F. R. Wilshire, P.M., and Mr. J, J. Campbell, J.P., the following cases were dealt with : — Butler v Finlaysou, claim £4 17s 6d for. the agistment of a horse and cow. Mr, Oxley appeared for the plaiiltiff. The defendant who had filed no defence did notappear, but telegraphed to the Bench from Nurrabri asking for a postponement for a fortnight, as he wished to defend the action. The plaintiff said Finlayson had no defencc to make and gave particulars as to how tho money became due. The Bench gave a verdict for plaintiff for tho amount claimed with costs of court and £ I is for Mr. Butler'e expenses^ Mr. Butler then shook hands with'the P.M., and Mr. Campbell, and adjudicated with them ou the other cases. Davis v. Larkin, claim £3 16s 6d. Mr. Elliott for defendant. . In this case plaintiff had made a saddle to tho order of defendant, but delivered it to Howarth to whom he also sent the bill, Davis said ho had delivered tho saddle to Howarth to oblice Larkin for whom the order wan executed. The defence was that Howarth owed dofendant money and agreed to become responsible far the payment of the saddle instead of handing bim over tho' cash'. This was explained to plaintiff who agreed to the arrangement, but tiuding lie could not get the money from Howarth sought to recover it from Larkin. The majority of tho Bench non-suited tho plaintiff without costs. Oxley v. Thornbury, claim £4 for one month's rent of paddock. Mr. Gale for defendant. Verdict foi plsintiff for tho amount claimed with costs. Bowral Municipality v T. Reidy, claim 18s for gas. Mr. Payne appeared for tho defendant. The amount had been paid in by somebody else and a record was made to tho effect that the case had been settled out of court. Both parties wanted costs, but the Bench made no order. Tho Bulletin says—' Bowral is a comfortiug place to bo burie-1 in. Tho cemetery is a morass, uud when a grave is dug in wet weather the water rises in it almost as if it was an artesian bore, and tho ghoul digs and bales turn about. At a reccnl funeral they dropped the deceased brother into four feet of water, and ho kept bobbing up all through the service and being shoved under again, till at the last some thoughtful person got into tho cravo and stood ou him fa hold him dnivn. Thin i« why the ghosts at Bowral all have bad colds and sniifflo painfully under the trees on wet, windy nights, and baric hollow barks among tho shrub bery. Considering that no one really knows for certain that a dead person hasn't a consciousness of his own— all we do know is that he lias lost tho power of showing it,- though even -this-is denied— ? it might ba more sympathetic to put-him io a dry place on the off-chance. A very painful accident hap- SUTTON FOREST, pened the youngest son of Mr. J. W. Turl on Wednesday last. It appears that the unfortunate little fellow was out in a paddock adjoining Mr. Turl's house playing with his little sister and brother. A neighbour, who was with them picking up some dry sticks, had a very sharp axe, and, seeing a friend passing at the time, left the axe lying on the ground. While they were talking the little fellow's sister picked up the dangerous weapon, and was in the act of chopping a stick when the little one reached out its hand to get the stick as the axe was falling. His sister, seeing the danger, could not stop the blow, therefore chopping off his finger at the second joint of the left hand. The little fellow was soon taken by his father to Dr. Stevenson, who with his well known tenderness, and skill dressed the finger and relieved the little sufferer of his pain, who is we are glad to learn is progressing favorably. A drill of C. Troop lancers ROBERTSON took place on Saturday last, a good muster was present with Staff-Sergeant Major Stanley and Major Lee in attendance. The non-commissioned officers, Ser- geant-Major Hanrahan, Sergeant White, Coporals charker and Soley, were put through the practical test of drill pending promotion. The bachelors ball was to have taken place last Friday evening was postponed. We are informed Mr.' Alex, Campbell, M.P., has forwarded a donation of £3 . 3s to the Robertson Agricultural Society. A meeting of the Progress Association was held on Saturday ereuiug .in the School of Arte, there being present, Messrs. \V. White, (President), W. R. Hindmarsh, junr., W. Graham, R. G. Ferguson, | M. K. Hindmarsh, J. T. Stone, and J. D. Wood (secretary) The secretary road a price list of shrubs, &c.;, i from Messrs. Cope and Sous, suitable for plauting I in the park. It was resolved that some be par chased and planted immediately. The secretary was requested to ascertain the cost of digging hoTes and fixing guard mils and lay the same before the sub-committee appointed to accept the same. . xne mecuog tuen cioseu. A tennis match was played at Robertson on Sataiday between Robertson and Burrawang, the latter winning by 13 games. The following are the scores : — . Ferguson and Medlicott v. J. J. Grey and D. T. Smith, jun., ? 6-3 Nash and Humphries v. J. J. Grey and A. D. Yongo ? ... 3-6 Mrs. Ferguson and Miss Brook v. Misses Vance .. ... ... ? 2-6 Fergusoif and Medlicott v. J. J. Groy and Yonge ? 6-4 Mibses Graham aud Hindmarsh v. Misses Vance ? 1-0 Nash und Humphries v. J. J. Grey and D. T. Smith, jun., ? 5-5 Mrs. Ferguson and Miss Brook v. Misses Vance and Greenhalgh .., ? 5-6 Misses Hindmarsh and Graham v. Misses Vance and Greenhalgh ? 2-6 Burrawang six sets, 43 games, Robertson two sets, 30 games. 