Street Manners. Once more the ever-vexed Sydney ques tion of -what is the highest attainable de gree of street cleanliness, and the test, reasonably-to-be-expected standard of street manners, has come up for active discussion. Correspondents of the various papers- — 'Constant Keader,' 'Pro Bono Publioo,' and all the other -well-known persons who think that -wrongs can be righted by a sympathetic editor — write to complain that they are run into by people who will walk on the wrong side of the footpath, that they have their eyes prodded by persons who have never learned how to carry sticks and umbrellas properly, that they slip on banana skins, are blinded by bad tobacco smoke, and are either spat upon or disgusted by the swinish habits* of the multitude. This is not all; when 'Pro Bono Publico' and, ' Constant Reader ' take to the roadway their lives are in danger from erratic cabs and 'scorching' cyclists; they have to wallow in mud or wade in dust j and their last state is worse than their first, This is all very lamentable, but the question is what to do about ifc ? As for irregularities in walking— 4ibe eccentricities of people who appear to court collision by ambling along whichever side of the pavement may' suit them— one can only trust to time, and hope that the Twa-Tinn ?* keep to the light ** may some day bear itself in on ihe public mind. The carrying of sticks and umbrellas so as not to blind any short person who may ap- , proach the bearer hurriealy from Behind must be left to the gradual advance of civi lisation. Ap & temporary measure, it is not a bad thing to strike smartly anv danger ously protruding stick or umbrella, and then, if ihe bearer be large and athletic, to assume an. air of Innocent abstraction, or to disappear in the madding crowd before lie can inxn. Dirty streets can be com plained of , to the municipal fathers, reckless driving and. riding to Oxb Transit Commissioners. Both these ambharibtiefl axe, like a certain Scriptural judge, to4be moved by importunity ; and for importunity there is still ample occasion, although there lias been some street improvement of late years. . The authorities, in regard to keeping the streets ^'w, eeem to *h«»Tr that everything is xlone if water carts go around at stated intervals, and are very'ramies in £he matter of sweeping. Under the hot eon of 'summer the dust and. filth 'tem- porarily damped down by the water $arts soon dry, and axe left to blow about again. There axa also in and around ?Sydney eome^fiagrant nuisances in the ahape ' of rubbish tips — there is one polluting She air of the Outer Domain — and,, to zefcurn to the ^subject of -etreet jregulatiojvj&ois; par ticularly, #iere is a laxity abont the b-ating of jdoormats and the display of To.b|-ish bx»xeswhichwouldnot^1»%ra^3elsewiere. In ihe ma.je?g$y of large catie^thlusmpflienng oE^taapexs by Tvilii^Sltiiy- dust as ^ui offence Doormats haveto be beaten atj a very early hour in the morning or late atinig- ht. Street regulation is a matter which should engage the attention of the suburban municipalities as well as the central one. In too many there is a rough and ready system of re pairs which consists in filling in holes with uneven blue metal, which' is left to be ground down by the passing traffic. There remains ^the question of smok ing . and spitting-. l It is 'a disgusting nuisance, but it is very hard to deal with. The authorities can hardly imitate a former Russian regulation and forbid smoking in 'the.streets altogether. If they made a rule against smoking, they would require about 10,000 extra policemen to carry it out. As for inveterate smoking spitters, it is no good to remonstrate with them on the dirti ness of their habits j even placards request ing them to abstain would be as ineffectual as ? that legendary French one which began ' «* Citizens do not put your fingers in your noses.' Here 'too, one must, in a measure, trust to the growth of a feel ing of self- respect which is sure though it may be slow. In America once, as see Mrs. Trollope and Dickens, much noted for the vile habit of chewing and its attendant con sequences, there has been a great improve ment, due to the attention of citizens being directed to barbarous customs, which were becoming a national reproach. The time W^hen eminent New York politicians, before receiving their supporters, used to put up notices ' Gentlemen are requested not to ex pectorate on the carpet,' has now passed from the memory of all but the oldest in habitants, thanks partly to the strictures of the satirists above mentioned, and to other apostles of cleanliness who have kept peg ging away. Let us hope for a similar reform in Sydney street customs. Until this most desirable consummation 1b reached, the police might exercise greater vigilance in moving on the crowds of expectorating loafers who hang about outside public houses and along kerbstones. These persons, of whom a large proportion are youths, are in a peculiarly dangerous stage of- develop ment. Though constant in practice, they have not in expectoration reached anything like 'the hTHII of Mr. Hannibal Chollop, the American gentleman who assured Mark Tapley that he need not be afraid, as he could judge his distance to an inch, and who also, it may be remembered, boasted of his power to perform remarkable feats 'in a circular direction.' Our local talent is capable of remarkable feats in a circular direction but accuracy is not its forte. The occasionally disastrous conse quences need not be further described. Seriously, while the police could do some thing to abate this nuisance as far as loiterers and loafers axe concerned, in rebuke ?and reasoning much might be done early by parents and schoolmasters. Surely there axe few lads who would not, when it was I pointed out to them, appreciate the selfish ness and disgrace of a habit which prevents any lady walking in the street without the risk of having her dress covered with indescribable filth. As usual, when the estimates of public expenditure are presented for consideration, the Assembly keeps bad' hours— (that is to say. aita all houis of the Bight, and veil on into the next day. Thursday's sitting extended to close upon midday on -Friday, while Wednesday'8 was pretty near an aH-night bout. Ministers are evidently anxious to get the business of the seeson over well before the Christ mas holidays, and doubtless the great majority of members are anxious to assist in that very laudable desire. This may be inferred from the satisfactory progress mario, so far, -with the voting of supplies. Up to the present, scarcely any reductiona have been made 5n the votes, the few items that were reduced having been -with the consent of the Government. But it ifi not going to be all such plain sailing to the end of the piece. The ground has been cleared for a good oratorical struggle over the rail-way and Labor Bureau votes. Mr. Schey may be depended upon to 6j-read himself aver the former, and the labor members over both. Accordingly, long speeches and long sittings may be expected next week. A paragraph in yesterday's 'Evening News' gave some curious details as to a will case de cided in Melbourne by Mr. Justice Hood. A -will had been destroyed by some of the children of the man who made it Afterwards, being filled with conscientious qualms on the subject, and con firmed by the opinion of a lawyer in the view that they had acted wrong in TnaVing away with the document, they drew up as nearly as they could a copy of it, which was submitted for the considera tion of the court, and duly recognised as repre senting the wishes of the testator. The decision, therefore, would apeax to have rested not only on the theory of perfect honesty of intention, but of perfect accuracy also in respect of memory. How ever, this conclusion with regard to a dead man's wishes, as represented at second-hand, is, at all events, not by any means as remarkable as a rul ing in an old Scottisih criminal case referred to somewhere by Sir Walter Scott, by -which, in addition to the other evidence against the prisoner, the alieged t«^1-mnny of a ghost was admitted as valid. ? The virtue of extreme caution in respect of fi nancial matters would seem to characterise the folk of Tamworth. It has received its latest illus tration in connection with the proposed scheme for the oonstruction of ?water works. In view of this long-talked-of and much desired provision for local wants, certain! pipes,, it will be remembered, found their way to that region which were manufactured under the auspices of the protectionist Govern ment, and which have now acquired a sort of his 'toric celebrity. They were supposed to represent one of the triumphs of native industry. What they actually did represent was a gain to a mere handful of the community at the expense of the rest They had cost a price which might fairly be described as a fancy one. But, at all events, the consignment of them forwarded to Tamworth had. never been taken delivery of by the council, a .piece of. hesitation on the part of that body which was quite natural to be sure, and quite con sistent with a proper sense of their municipal du ties. Possibly through tbeir apprehensions hav ing been quickened through this affair of the pipes, they exhibited an exceeding reluctance some time ago to fall in with a proposal from the minister ?for .Works touching the contemplated- improved -water supply.' They wished to have it Plainly un derstood that their contribution to the cost was not to go beyond a certain figure. ' That view was embodied in a resolution passed by the council in May last. However, it lias now been amended, but under conditions which, as it was intimated, ?tfould still leave Afae council in a position to refuse to be bound by any contract -which did sot meet Tjffthj.'iineir approval. The Weeks Department, ea jthe Mayor of Tamworth said iad been explained by its Chief, would accept of no contract which taA not been thus endorsed. However, the con fidence vbich the Mayor and those who voted with 'Mm must have in the departmental promise that under 410 circumstances was Tamwortfi to be com mitted to an unknown sea as regards expenditure, Is,«Tidently jmt shared 3ty the ratepayers gene rally. Several of them have been protesting «trongly,«nd the burthen -of their protest 1b that 4h» y-MtoPapKrtm»at fchould *fti»aad fiwm to a particular sum. No doubt the cost of most un dertakings in which that item has not been care fully considered before hand has often an extra ordinary tendency to grow and multiply. But at any rate between hard and fast limitations in that direction, and no practical bounds at all, it should be easy, enough to find a mid-way which might lead Tamworth satisfactorily up to its water works. Derby Day. Turf patrons generally, and the Aus- # tialian Jockey Club in particular, are to be /con gratulated upon the promise of bright spring wea ther for the opening of the great spring meeting of this year. Bandwick should look at its best to day, and will doubtless be thronged with spectators, for whom the chief interest to-day lies in the con test for the bine riband of New South Wales, the A.J.C. Derby. The distinction of winning this classic event has always been a coveted one. Be sides the iTranwHatfl- raihgtaTiifiai advantages which victory brings,- tfae owner of the winning colt may invariably reckon upon a liberal amount of lionising. His horse is a prince among quadrupeds, and he, for the time being, is a little prince in sporting circles. And, then, there is the company which, he, £0 to speak, finds himspif in. The Premier of Eng land last year, and the Heir to the Throne thfe, are his 'stable companions,' if the expression be per mSesible with such exalted pensonaees. Thjs Prince of WaJei, by the way, has won his 'double ftnst'' in tart classics, bath Derby and' Leger having fallen, to his credit. To be sure, it's a far cry from Epsom to Rand-wick or Flemington, but a Derby's a Derby ? for all that, and it as one of the chief features in an institution -which, whatever may be its faults, is still, and will probably for all time be, one of the most popular of all rnpn-na of outdoor recreation. Prom New Zealand there comes a strange story of robbery and outrage. A man named CGcrman, at Pahialu, was robbed of a valuable gold watch, and his ears were cut off at the same time. A publican is said to have been arrested in connec tion with the matter. There, of course, must have been motives of a peculiarly vindictive char acter in operation, as well as mercenary ones, to cause this extraordinary disappearance of the vic tim'fc ears along with his watch. It was a bit of savagery which, even as a survival, ait least in a civilised community, smacked altogether of ano ther age. There was a time, indeed, when the docking of people's ears was not only common in respect of the gratification of private revenge, but was also, one of the forms of punishment re gularly prescribed by British law, and occasionally for offences which would be considered very tri fling ones at the present 'day. It was a contin gency which often threatened political partisans of the humbler sort who happened to find them-. selves on the losing side. The risk of such a tiling, and for persons of that class, must have been imminenjt enough as late, at any rate, as the days of Gteorge II. In fact, it was near about the time when England went to war with Spain on the celebrated question of 'Jen- kins's ear' that the illustrious author of 'EobinsoE Crusoe' was ttumfral by Pope with, having lost his aais at the han«^« of the iiangmtn^ for disrespectful references to aaflwrity. 'Earless on high stood unabashed Defoe.' Pope was mififlB.fre.n, but siiil the fact that he could fall into such a mistake, a-n*^ concsxnmg such a Tna-n as Defo&, shows how frequently the punishment to which he alluded must have been tnflictei, asd how iBdiscnuntoatiely. Thai it -was a horrible practise, even when earned out on genuine crimanailfi, it Is superfluous to remark at this time of day. But the light in which it was regarded by eonrtsemporary opinion in cases where it was ythought to have been meted out to a real offender, is torciWy illustrated by a ballad quoted' by Maean'ay, with respect to the infamous TStns Oates. For libels which he had uttered on the Duke of York when he was making his lying revela tiius of a '-Popish Plot,' Dr. Titus, it will be remem bered, was brought sharply to book, once the poU tical tide had turned. The sentence passed upon him included a merciless flogging and the lopping of ibis eaiK. In the couplet cited by the historian a disconsolate eympaihifier with the now discredited (i-scoverer of plots, is supposed to exclaim: Come list brother Wbiga to my pitiful moan. All you that iiave earns, for the doctor has none. The latest reports ,from Madagascar are further suggestive of the idea that the French occupation of that island will be productive of more trouble than' profit to the Republic. The disorders re ported a short while ago are said to continue, and twenty thousand representatives of a single .tribe are mentioned as ravaging the northern part of the island. The authority of France having been formally proclaimed in Madagascar, and the supre macy of the Hovas over the rest of the popula tion done away with, it is apoint of honor with the new masters to T''*'t«i™. order. If they fail in that there will be no reasonable excuse for their presence in Madagascar, and their recent over throw of the Hova -jovernment will be shown to have been at once a blunder and a crime. No doubt they win assert themselves in a proper manner, bat the work is very likely to be one involving considerable difficulty and a much great er drain in a financial way than was. imagined when it was first proposed to make French rule paramount in the 'third largest Island in the world.' Many thoughtful Frenchmen are per Buaded now that, at least for several years to come, a French, protectorate in .Madagascar would have answered far better than the present ar rangement. ?? It would certainly have been at tended witiL far less weighty responsibilities than hare rested on the shoulders of the French, since they have committed themselves to the task of bringing Madagascar regularly 'within the pale of civilisation.' Li Hung Chang, who is: credited with his own share of Oriental astuteness, seems to illustrate its politeness in an exemplary way, too. He has had pleasant things to say of all the countries which he has visited in the course of his journey ing towards the setting son, and nicely-turned compliments for the various men of light and lead ing with whom he has: foregathered. His latest expression of opinion has been with regard to the Canadian Pacific Railway, whi-ih he declares to be one of the greatest engineering works in the world, and which he believes would be invaluable to Great Britain in the event lot a war. Li Hung Chang's ideas as to the probable military position which Great Britain would occupy, when next an important attitude of that sort becomes necessary for her, may not amount to much. But, at all events, what he has seen, both in Canada and else where, as to the important part which railway communication plays in the system of Western nations must have given 'him valuable bints with respect to his own country. If China is to as sume, on a really imposing scale, the character of the sleeper awakened, the whistle of the railway must, as not a tew accredited authorities declare, have-much to do with the process of arousing her. from ber trance. Chinese officialdom has never been favorable to the introduction ot railways, but,, of course, Id Hung Chang represents an ex ceptional type of intelligence among that class. To be sure, the waking up process alluded to- Is - not onewhich Australians have any particular in- ' tercet -In seeing accelerated. Indeed, they could . very well afford jo see it deferred. StUU it Is among those possibly coming events of which they: aro- bound to take note, ' ~ . 