Q.T.C. Handicaps. ,B Waxy. Of the IB candidates, for the Cup, Pivinior is probably of suoh good class that at 0 , sti 10 lbs. ho must have a . ohnnco, thouch.lio has nover yet negotiated 2 miles. Music is said to bo dead to tlio world, and thouorh . so much is not uotuallv said of Clythe, as maeh perhaps is thought. Avenue lias been tried over tho distance, but riot at the weight, nnd at 9 at.' he may bo said to liavo got quite as muoh as ho . lias 1 earned, if not more. Young Buokthnrpe is well in nt 8 st. 0 lbs., or 6 lbs. under his weight for ugo. Tornado, 8 st. 7 lbs., ran second to Splendide, 8 st. 12 lbs., hi tbo Two-milo Queensland Cup last Dcoomber, beating Irish Stew (third), undor 7 st. 13 lbs,, Premier 0 st. 7 lbs., und New- hold 8 St. 12 lbs. On that running Irish Stew, at 8 st. 0 lbs., cannot havo the ghost of u show hero, penalised, us ho is, 7 lbs. for being beaten some longths. Promier'a run ning, of . course, is no guide to hiB real form, .nnd unless tho Ipswioh horse, Musio, Avonue, and Clytho are very muoh better oluss than Splendido, Tornado s chance must be socond to nono abovo him in tho handioap. Cheolnnato ban paoo, and has won in fair company down bolow, and in good time, hat he has done nothing to mako him out a Cup homo evon iu Queensland, aud at 8 st. 8 lbs. liai probably a littlo moro than Mr. Moonoy expeotod. Had Mr. Riohurdson started his hundieap with 0 st. 2 lbs. on Premier, nnd . reduced the others all round 8 lbs., Chcok- mato's ohanco would havo beon bettor, though .nono too good, nt 8 st. Nowbold, at 8 st. 0 lbs., has a show, and of tlio rest tbo best may bo Cap-a-plo and Barrister, though I am not vory fond of either. If Kelso, Nar cissus, Grand Clogs, or Silver can win, our best horsos must bo a bad lot. \- In tho Moreton Handioap tho Cup horses are raisod 3 lbs. all round, but Israofito is an absnntos, whilo tho nowcoincrs, i.e., thoso not in the Cup, are Aroliio's Daughter, Froodom, Minster Belle, Curadoo, John S., and Soldan. . . Of these Freedom is hnndicappod quite np to ! / bis best, and perhaps a little ubove it, but ho A is a thorough racehorse and not tobatukon any liberty with Aroliio's Daughter is vory . . badly treated at 8 st. 0 lbs. Minster Bollo .cannot complain of 7 st. 3 lbs. Garadooat7 st. 2 lbs. is said to bo a rod in piokiefor the ' oriliiks. John 8. is a "haB boon," and never : was a ohampion, and Soldah is hardly good , .< enough for' tho company 011 form. Tho best in the Cap aro probably Premier, ; , Afonuo, Young Buokthorpo, Tornado and ' Nowbold. In tho Morotou Handicap, Premier, '/Clytho, Avonue, Young Buokthorpe, Oheok- mute, Tornado, and Nowbold. 