The Duke of Athol. The Blood of Blair Athol. Story of a Stolen Racing Stallion. .-(By " Delawabe" in Svdncv Truth.) "You fellows ride pretty good stock- . horses ont here ; I eupposa you have a good sire in at the head station f" "No, sonny, they're 'brumbies/ every mothei's son of 'cm." " Brumby a I" I echoed. ' Brambles 1 well, that's a good one." " Well, I tell yer they are. Every horse we ride out beie we runs in ont of the brumtiia." The speaker was. a tall, wiry Macqaarie River native, who had put in years of back oountry stoqk-ridiugi Ho could ride any thing that ever stood on four legs, coull run fairly well, fight some, and when on ' the spree hold sb mnoh back-block rum aa anyone hiB weight and inches for miles aronnd. "I suppose," he said, "you wouldn't believe that thore is an imported English stallion, and a son of the great Blair Athol, too, running among tbe brumbies out here; yes, sonny, the Doke of Athol was stolen from Mr TindaL's-m Mudgee way,; was lost near here by the chaps wot 'shook' him. - " You see, it was like this," he went on, "one of the Dangers bought the Duke of Athol, a yearling, in Eng land. I think he gave £2000 for him. He bought Hawthorn- den and Captivator, besides some thorough bred fillies, at the same time. Well, he seuds the whole biling of 'em out to this country in a sailing vessel, and shortly after he shipped them he goes and shootb himself and cut hia throat or something,- au >tuou uua uuioi-o miivcu m oyaney cney was -put np- to auction and sold, aad Mr Tindall bays Dake of Athol, the pick of the tiasket, and takes him np to his place near By long. Some of the 'boys' spotted him.. .So they gets a youug horse the same color and marked like the Duke,: Chestnut, four white leg, white face, silverish mane and tail, and a couple of the gang goes to Tiudtll's place and shakes the Duke. When Tindall's people miss the colt they picks up. the" track- aDd foilers them into the Warrumbungle Ranges, when they came across the body of what they think is their own horse killed, and partly burnt. They put it down to revenge on the part of some of Mr Tindall's enemies, and offers a big reward for tbe chaps wot killed him and all that. But in the meantime the .Duke was on his way down the Martbaguy, travelling at night, and oaly stopping at friends' places. ««ov vuv7j guv xj.ilu .auiuatl bug uarwod and stayed a week or two at a secure spot on the Bokbira, where the colt covered three well-bred mares belonging to a friend— they weren't in the Stud Book, but they were-pure bred for all that. I knew their sires and dams well. After a time the colt -vae got safely across the Warrego. Tnere wasn't any of them blasted wire fences in those days!; you could go across the country wherever you liked, "The 'boys' were making for Cooper's Creek, where they had a bit of country and some nice mares. Bnt the day after they left Kerrigan's/on the Warrego, they lost the colt among the brumbies, and never laid hand on him since. Bub he's here; I've seen him dozens of times, and had many a fly after him. but not a stockhorse in the country, or a racehorse either, can get within cooee of him — but I'll have him yet if I die for it." I was muoh impressed with this story, and it struck me my long friend knew more about the stealing of the Duke of a.thol flian bo fall ' The sequel of this story came a few weeks afte-. Warrego Jack, as my wiry friend was. nicknamed, and I were sent out to wards Yantabulla after some quiet horses that had strayed iu that direction. After riding all day without ooming across the horses, we camped at a clay pan, near the edge of a plain, in a bit of mulga. After supper we were having a good smoke aad a yarn, when we were startled by a brumby's whistle. It was a beautiful moonlight night. We saw a magnificent horse with a white face and four white legs move majestically across the bit of plain towards our horses, that were feeding near by. My mate grasped me by the arm, his face as white as a ghost." r- ; - "My <iod," be exclaimed, "the Duke of Athol ?" I said, "Are you sure ?" " Sure," he replied, "sure ! I would know his skin on a bash even if he had been dead a year." The Duke -came towards onr horses, carrying himself like a king. He passed within 60 yards of me. I never saw a grander animal. As he was passing near na my companion cried out as if in pain. The Duke doubled back and disappeared into the timber like a flash. I turned to my mate who was lying on the ground groaning. I lifted him up and said to him " Why were you so exoited when yon saw that horse P" "Exoited," he answered, " my boy; if you ub u guue imrougn as mucn as i have over that horse you would be exoited. Of course yon don't know that I was one of the ohaps that collared the Duke." After a while he continued: '! Me and Midnight, Long Bob, and George R were in it. Me and Midnight took the Dnke and smoked him right through to the Warrego, where we lost him. Midnight was shot a few years afterwards, near where we are now, by two coppers named Carlin and King; Long 8ob is outlawed, perhaps dead. . George R ran away with old M— — 's daughter, Mary, and basjturned square ; he's living inside (coast distriot) somewhere; and here I am working year in and year out for old' hungry R— . When I catches sight of the Puke, sometimes ifs over this way, some times it's 40 mile away towards Eulo, I gammons to go to Cunnamulla now and then for a spree, but I don't until I have a try to get the Duke. I've chased him scores of times on good horses, horses good enough to win the Bourke Handicap, but the Duke leaves them behind as if they were draught horses; but I'll get him yet, or leave my bones on those cursed plains, and if ever I gefolose on to him I'll lasso him." -Then my Btrange oompanion pulled his Baddle pouch off, and showed me a lovely platted lariet inside. ."I might stalk him yet." he said. " And if you get him," I asked, " What will yon do with him ? " " I know a place left to take him to," he replied. Then he became silent, and I rolled my self in my blanket and tried to sleep. Warrego Jaok sat up over the fire until daylight. He brought the horses up, anaarcer a snack we started back to the station. Next day Jack cleared out to Cunnamulla to " get a few things," Six weeks after a man and horse were found dead in a bit of scrub about 30 miles west of the Warrego. The horse had its neck broken, and the man's skull was smashed in. The horse had evidently fallen, killing his rider and himBeif. The rider was poor Warrego Jack. 