THE MAN SHE FOUND. Whon Violet Lingard announced that sho was going in for literature there v. ere those j among us who scoffed. Violet was so alarm ingly pretty, one would., never, susppct her of possessing brains. She' wa« 'one of Van girls ' with alluring faces— the sort bcnutc-du-dinble of which Oiuda is always wrjtimr. eyes of most I uuholy bluu and lips which could smile a man's I soul away. A fascinatit g minx with the most ! graceful and winning manners ; a being of moods, tender, ropellaut, kindly and icy by turns, she had created havoc and strewn devas tation wherever her dainty feet had trod. Suddenly she woaried of the - ndless round of . g-'iety and fashion to which from her teons ! she had been accustomed and cmazed her ; coterie by. declaring her intention of writing 1 realistic novels. Of course evoryone Baid it was merely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it. Her first novel attracted more than passing notice.' She was commended for her original and audacious style, her clever plot aud*a cer tain dainty feminine touch. £ho was written about, interviewed ; her beauty and her talent were pr-iscd by tbe pnrugraphers aud all the details of her luxurious life were brandished - about the country. From being merely a typical society girl, a young woman of elegance and fvsbion, she., suddenly became a somebody to be pointed out and btared at and raved about. This spasmodic adulation pleased Violet. She had nlwuytt feasted upon flattery but now she revelled in it. She threw herself into a life of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but her miserable ambition. Local colouring came to be an absolute mania with ber. She was always prating of 44 atmosphere ' and 44 realism.*' Ono can stand a lot of iuf- rnal nonsense from a pretty woman, but really poor Violet often grew actually tiresome with her endless rhapsodies about ** the divinity of realism.' j It was just after publishing her second novel, a combination of ingenuity and wickedness, a ' smartish, brackish story you wouldn't have 1 liked your sister to write, that tho girl decided 5 to go to the far Wt at in search of 41 local ! colour ' for her next attempt. 44 Yes,' she drawled with the fine ladv air of disdain she had assumed unce her success, ' yes, I am going in search of local colour and a hero. I may take a cowboy for the latter — ? who knows ? They tell me those fellows are delightfully original and as breezy as tho winds from the Rockies.' She made up her mind she had not been misinformed when a month later, she met Jack Weatherby. | i Weatherby was a child of the plains. He j I had nover beeu east of the Mississippi and had an infinite contempt for the Und of the rising j sun. He had bunted for a living ; he had been a cowboy and raised as mucii of a rumpus in J mining camps as the next fellow. Now he i owned bis own tancb and herds ; had settled j down somewhat aud had begun to think he 1 would like a wife and home. ! Ho was a haudsomc fellow, ns fiery as the musUng he rode und as teiider hearted os a woman— somu women. His ranch lay in the shadow of the Sangre de Christo range, next to thnt of the Atherton's, where the New York girl was stopping. Its acres stretched to the shadowy foot bills and over them roimed tbe sleek, well-fed creatures of which be whs so proud. It was two days after her arrival that he saw her first. He had ridden over to see Tom Ather tou, the big muscular Englishman, who was his particular crony, and had come down the trail with his customary 'Hark' and 44 Whoop.' As though riding the sightless couriers of the air,be dashed up to tbe little flower-garden, spurs and chains jingling, sombrero flapping, and letting out a yell which could have been beard in Den ver. Aud there by the side of pretty Mrs. Al her ton, sat a stranger, a vision, an angel. The astonished ranchman blushed and stam mered like a school boy as he bowed awkwardly and apologised for his Apache-like descent. Who was this divinity in palest pink, this radi ant creature with hair like gold and eyes like heaven's owu blue ? 41 My friend, Miss Lingard from New York,' Mrs Atherton said. Pshaw ! She was a celestial being straight from Para disc. I have always pitied Weatherby. Never for one moment could I blamo him. He was a primitive man with savage instincts larking in his breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward -him* self, how could be dream of the treacherous cruel blows one little soft white hand was capable of dealing. Violet found this sturdy, brawny ranchero a delightful study, and decided thnt he should be the. hero of ber next novel. His quaiiit wit and poetic fancies boru of tho mesas of the moun tain, bis forcible and often ungrammatical speech was faitbtully noted ; his emotions were played upon, his heart was probed. And he never dreamed he was being experimented oa. He loved tbis exquisite creature, tbis dainty, soft, purring beauty, as he loved bis lite. He coveted her and longed to shut her close to his big, faithful, honest heart. At last rame the night when Violet carried her passion for ' atmosphere ' and 44 local colouring ' to its climax. They bad gone for their customary evening stroll, and had climbed up a lofby buttc to a broad ledge of rocks. At their feet yawned the canon, tremendous, awful, black, save where the mooidight touched the opposite wall with ghostly fingers. Back of them loomed tbe range liko the battlements of a pbautom city. Through thu pine* in tho canou tbe wind came sighing in mournful cadence. While far, far below souuded the faint rushing of water— the river tumbliugand forming along over its rocky bed. 44 What a weird place,' cried Violet with a pieity little shudder, 44 and what a ghost-like night. Why did we never come up bore before, Jack P What a scene !' Weatherby was lyiug at ber feet where ho had thrown hignself to rest after their climb | He turned bis* face, white in the moonlight, j toward her, and fixing his dusky, unfatbom- i able eyes upon her, said : 14 1 kept Ihia place for tbis hour. I meant to bring you here when :I j got my courage to the point where J could say all that is in my heart. Many n. time down there,'1 pointing, to tl.e raneh lying bolow, 44 1 j have looked up here and thought of tbe time I would bring you up to tell you how I love J you.' .... ! ? For one iostant Violet' felt a queer littlo thrill. Tho simple dignity of bis declaration ' almost moved the worldly, cold-blooded girl. ' Then she thought of her -loca» . colouring. 44 What a situation for my novel,' she said to j herself ; .then aloud gently : 44 So you really ' love me, Jack ?' : 44 Love you ?'' be eobood passionately, as he j rose and sat down beside her, 44 Violet, look,' f taking her hand, 44 my heart lies here in this dear little'band.' Then throwing all reserve j to the winds, he seized ber and kissed her madly, tempestuously. - ; She struggled to free herself and at length succeeded. 44 How dare you ?' she demanded, 14 how dare ''— ' How dare I ?' he cried. 4# Why dearest, I love you — I love you, do you henr ? And ytju, yon lo*e me a little, do you not ?' He was approaching ber again, when she said con temptuously : 'No, uot a bit. I have simply been studying you,' \- Ho stood ns if. turned to stone. 44 Studying inn,' he fluid, iu a queer voice, 44 studying— why— why ?' he . savagt ly .demanded, as he rnught htr wrist and held it in an iron grip, 44 Vou were so different,' she faltered, a bit frightened nt his sudden ferocity. .' I wanted a now typo for my hook, you know. I suppose Tom told you I writo books— '* An absolutely murderous look swept over Weatherby'* face. /'.No,' ho said, '-no ono , toU me that. So you writo'books? And you wanted to put mo in it— was that it ? Answer me, an-wer mo.' 44 Yes,' sho murmurod. faintly ? 11 And that was all ! You nevor loved mo— never meant to marry mo ?*' 44 Why, no, how could I? I am to bo married in tbo fall to a man in New York — A snarl like that of an iufurinted beast inter rupted her. Livid'with r.ngc lie sprang toward ber. Once ngiin he crushed her, shrinking and trembling, to his breast, theu drugged her to tho very edge of tbe t anon, gapiug liko the bottom* less pit to receive tbom. Aud as h- r agonised cr'.-ams pierced tho soft summer night, Weatherby, still holding ber against his out* ra&ed; heart, stepped off. . T . , They found them next day in tho bottom of .' the canon. Violet's lovoly faco was past recog nition, but on Wcatherby's lingered » smile of suoh awful triumph as would bave pleased the . arch-fiend himself. 