THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskclyiib, tho conjurer, relates aomu .of > bis experiences to a writer in tlio "English Illustrated. Magazine " ' 44 Apart from mere objective illusion," he says, 44 appar itions exist only 'in4 luiauiiifttlnn. 'Ibo great proof of this in the quistion ut cloluus. it spirits itppcnrcri like some of tho 4 living pic tures,' apparently in the mule, miu might bu in clined tn lielievo in their reality. 1 believe I was the first to supge-t this objection, about 30 years ago. I wns I living a (itsuussion with Mr. Bcnjrimin Colemnn, s u named, 4 Tuu Father < f English Spiritualist,' a vary uico, unliable, anil credulous old gentleman. He was describing a seance ho had attended and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. Sho had never scon bim in usrtli-lile, but recognired him from a painting. Thu s frit appeared in periwig, knec-brucebcs, nnu a green cout with gilt but tons. 4 Then,' said J, 4 this lady uot only saw the spirit of her grandfather, but also tlio spirit of his green coat and gilt buttons ! ' Mr, Coluinan looked nt mo with rather a puzzled ex pression. 1 continued : 4 Do you really believe that there is such a thing as ibo spirit of a coat?', 4 No.4 snid he, 4 I ran't think that, and I can'tl account fur the nppenrnnce of the clothes, but- !| will ask t))o 1 spirits.' The old gentleman told me afterwards that ho 'hnd consulted 4 Kutey King ' upon tho subject. Katey King, as you. may remember, was a verypopulnripiritnt that time, so much so that abe wsa frequently known to havo appeared at several seances at the siinie moment. 8be was also the spirit who was snid; to have carried Mrs. Guppy from Ball's Fond to Lamb's. Coudait-streut, and it was tho ex posure of this 4 spirit ' which sent |»oiir Robert; Lulu Owen to a luontic asylum. Well, Katey King shirked Mr. Coleman's question for soma, time, but ho persisted in having an answer, and nt last sbo replied, 4 Why, of course, we materialise thu clothes out of particlus in the atmosphere.' This was a perfectly satisfactory explanation to the Spiritualists, but oveu the most credulous members of the Society for Fsychical Research cannot at present Micvo in tho ghost of a pair of breeches. If they could, they would at once accept every night mare story as a spiritual visiUtion. That cun ning old impostor, Mduie. Blavatsky, tried to bridge over this dilliuulty by inventing tho theory thnt thero is an 4 astial bedy' or counter part to everything in existence and everything that bis existed. 8o thero must be an astral sea-serpent, nil astral big gooseberry— in fact, so astral world and a astral universe." 