A TRUE GHOST STORY. * In the year 1704, a gentleman, apparently of large forturie, took furnished lodgings in a. .house in Soho Square. After he had resided there some weeks with his establishment, he lost his brother, who had lived at Hampstead, and who on his. death-bed particularly desired to be interred in the family vault at Westminster Abbey. "The gentleman requested his landlord to. permit to bring the corpse of his brother to. his lodgings, and to make-arrangements there for the funeral. The landlord without hesitation signified his compliance. The body, dressed in a white shroud, was accordingly brought in ai-very handsome coffin, and placed in. a greait dining-room.. The funeral was to take place the next day,. and thelodger and his. servants went. out to. make the necessary, arrangments. fori the sclemnity. He stayed out late; but this was no. uncommon thing. The landlord and his famity, conceiving that they had no' occasion to wait for. him, retired to bed as usual about twelve o'clock- - One maid servant was left up, to let him ins and to boil some water, which he had desiredt might be .ready for. making tea on his return. The girl was accordingly .sitting all: alonle in the 'kitchen' when a tall, spectre-looking figure entered and clapped itself down in the chair opposite to her. Th -maid was by no means oneof the most timid. of her sex; but she 'was terrified: [beyond expression, lonely as she was, at this -unexpected apparition. U: ttering a loud scream, she flew out like .an arrow at a side door, and hurried -to the chamber of her master and mistress. Scarcely had se . awakened them, and communicated to' the whole' family some portion of the fright with which she was. herself -,;:overwhelmed, when the spectre, enveloped in' a:shroud, and with a face of death-like paleness made its appearance, ant sat down in a chair in the bedroom without. their having observed how it entered. The:worst of all was that. this chair stood by the door of the bed chamber, so that not a. creature could get away. without passing close=, to the apparition, which rolled its. glaring.eyes so frightfully, and so hideously distorted 'its features, that they -could not bear to look at. it. SThe master and mistress crept .under the bed-clothes, covered with profuse perspiration while the maid-servant sank nearly insensible by the side of the bed. At the samie time the whole.house seemed to in an uproar -for though they had covered themselves' over.. head and ears, they could! still hear' the :iicessant noise and clatteri. which served to'incirease their terror :.At length all became perfectly still'im the house. SThe landlord' ventured to raise his-head, and to steal a glance at the chair by the door ? but behold the ghost was gone t Sober - reason beganto resume- its- power. The girl was brought to herself after a good dalaof shaking.. S:In aa short time they plucked up. suflcient courage to quit the: bedroom;- anid :to com menece'atn examination; of the house,. which. they :expected topfine in.great disorder. Nor were their .anticipations unfounded the whole house had beenistripped by artful thieves, and the':gentlemanti had decampedt without paying for his lodging... - * It-trnerl. out: that he was no other thawn an aIccomplice of the notorious- Arthur Ohambeis, who was' executed at':Tyburn, .1706 ; and the supposed'corpse was this arch rogue himself,:who had whitened his hands. arid 'face with chalk, and merely sounter 1feited:death. \- A?-bout midnight he quitted the' cofn, and alPpeared to the maid in the kitchen.- When she'flew upstairs he softly followed 'her, and seatd a- t the dior of the chamber, :he acted as a seritinel, so that his industrious accom plices were .enabled to fplunder the house without the least molestation, . 