THE MYSTERY . OF GLENELLIS; « Ghosts, indeed': The idea of people m tbii age believing in such utter nonsense ! It is too ridiculous !” * There was scorn in Miss Ro th shy’s yoica and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her companion, t.Charley ping,. a young civil engineer,'was amused, judgiugiby, the smile that came, aud. went before he made, ’answer, in. a half-soothing^ half apologetic * Ab, now, don’t you think you .are a little severe upon my:i townsfolk and their pel. idiosyocrncy.?;You know, a belief in, which, one is born andjbrqught upj.s a part of .his very, nature, accepted in, most cases without,question.f or reasoning. . A.few of our. old men,,I tbiuk, claim to‘ have seen and heard something, .veiy., extraordinary in, the Glen years ago—before my time': as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a dozen have ever been there; we simply ignore the,place.’'4, . • « “ That is exactly whit I supposed,” returned ; Miss Rotbsby, triumphantly, f*t Those anted!* ! , luvians who sit, r^in or shine, ,in front of hotels and saloons, tell £b£ir stupid vagaries py^r and over again until’ they cqrqe to .believe th^m j true,'so make others believe,”.... - i Perhaps you are right; but that doe^not alter the fact that the Glen bes.nj an evil repute- | tioii, and we are all familiar"with the bloods curdling .stories of, deeds said, to have happened : “ It seems to me they can .easily be explained. Doubtless when this couptrv. was new the Glen' was the - rendezvous for mffinns and outlaws ; ; secluded,, almost inacesaibleTor those whu met .there to, Ijt surprised, .^To-. doubly.secure them:s selves tbey^ circulated hofrible-tales, j (raised, a • ‘ few g*hqSb«, land made1 ocwsiesi? to impose them , 'upon the credulous early^settlers. * Tjhere is t^io ’case in aSautwhalll”^ Vt':.-v?;.--• >/y .* ;>* ‘ * Charley shapkj hifcheadrin doubtful -way that irritated the pretty philosopher. * *.*•,.. ; * * • * a,Yevy well-put, Miss Rotbsby; - but, there are. = 'certain things—*” ‘ ;v •• Nonsense ! ** she broke in half Jabghingly, half angrily, “,5;;kn°w you. are;'going to' say something stupid and/jld-fashipned, and, I.wjH not permit it.1 'The robtefs are dost long ago, andlthe ghosts and temhle deeds.vanished >vith them, you may be sure ; yet have your all, for such a palpable .imposture,' buried in oblivion the most romantic and bpautiful spot on earth. Pie Upon you, young men,, to let such-a.state of things continue l ” " . . - *,;But what can we do about it ? . We were taught-to respect-the opinion of oiir-elders, and have done so.” . . .“ That's all-very v well W but respect can be carried too far.”,. “.Well, what do you, suggest.? ”% asked Charley, a trifle impatiently; , “;That the Gleu:be thoroughly investigated. Just' let the place be invaded by merrymakers, and | the,. /spell ..willjbe broken. ■. Once known it, Will; become famous,. ,k>.that people .will comer from far and near.to^see it.”.... “ It’ may be all just as you say,5* responded the young man. ; .’,'V But you forget the flowers. * < You told mo that on: the first day, of your yisit-.tp the, Glon * you broke, a ;blgpd-redf ..blossom .from ,its stem,. when a ^stream of .red ’.fluid.; trickled from, the. :sfcalk, and thfO flowed became * white. How do * you account for that;? **■ 4 : " I don’t .try-c?to account focit.- - Who can1 explain .the ^vagaries,of^aturef .OnQ flower, stem exudes a.milky substance,.pnd,then .a. re.d;. fluid, a. third pnre ^wa’tef. •’ ■, ' arb.’equally wonderful and inMmp«heMibIe^ ^It is absurd to be affected by a ^phenbmenrn fjast because one doesn't understiuidifc.”-'..'-,- '; - ., “ Nevertheless,'. ! think the flowers are the greatest objection- to;r- onr projects ^ 'Their •peculiarity; seems unwholesome^'to say" the l. •* I suppose to-^and it is fach'a pity- ? You cannot thick*hoW.;I' hkWW* my.heart on this J picnic in the Glen, - Imagine tho^effeot of one; Jjr.two hundered lantemB. There is'nol & thing I could wish changed.” .*• Except the flowers.” . 1‘ Except the flo wers* * I wish, they would dis appear for that one evening. Do you think we ^cau persuade the.others ?” • : • ‘MVe’ll try ; the idea will.be quite startling, however * ,\Ve shall meet with much more opposition from the parents than from the, young folks and if we hasten matters it will leave less time for talk. Friday will be the • harvest moon,5 why not.have it then ?”h ■ . Just the thing ! Do you suppose Blarney and his harpers will go ?”" . . ; . h No, indeed, nor any other musicians in Elfendale. We’ll have to forego.dancing.7’ ... '• •* A moonlight picnic without dancing ? Preposterous ! If the harpers will not yield to ’ my powers of, persuasion papa must furnish the music ; he knows all about the GleD, and will be'glad to help us.55 41 I will iell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for the papa? and mammas, aunts and uncles, who de clare they have heard unaccountable sounds issue from the Glen. You will need them all, and wish for moro before we successfully lay the- ghost. Ah ! hero come Betty and Tom Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and Miss Annie behind them. Good I Now we can be gin the attack.5’ Charley King bad returned but a few weeks before this conversation from a five years’ absence in distant lands. Araoug his fellows there none had a higher repotation than ho for ;those qualities .which mea ns well as women .most admire. It was not strange then that .pretty. Miss Rothsby, whom ho found visiting his sister, an old schoolmate,should find him particularly attractive, and he, for his port, had declared, to himself, after tb«. manner of men hard hit at first sight, that it should be Miss Rothsby or no one. About a mile from Ellendale was the haunted glen of which they had been speaking; marvel lously beaut ifol and picturesque. - Miss Roths by had spent many an hour there,for her friend and hostess was an important person»g;o in household and parish matters, and.thcre were . times when the visitor must eptertain herself. As she was a good walker she soon knew the country for miles around better than most of the young women born and bred in the town., and so discovered the beautiful and secluded spot which bore so bad a reputation, . 44 Better not go there again, Miss Rothsby,” her hast said to her when she spoke of her ex pedition at the dinner table, and wondered that so charming a place was so little known. “ It is humiliating to admit that we are the victims of superstition, but everyone in the community believes that the Glen is haunted.55 '“Then, as I should immensely enjoy a friendly chat with a bona-fide ghost, I shall make it a point to go soon again,’5 laughed the young lady. - _ *•* riiope not.” said Mr. King, gravely, “ for .1 feel deeply upon this subject, You, of course,, noticed the oak tree that bides the pathway ? It was planted when I was a boy.. A dreadful thiDghnd happened there, just before, though I cannot say positively there was anything super natural about it.” “ What was it ?” asked Miss Kothsby, curi ously. 44 Tell meo all tho story, pleaso.55 “ I can only tell you wlmt I know. An odd looking foreigner passed through the town one clay, and disappeared,in the Glen. That night a shock as ut earthquake was felt, ami people wlio passed near the forest hear strange, un earthly cries. From time to time these strange shocks were repeated. The man was never seen again, and it was supposed that he was murder ed.” • ‘ “ Oh ! and is that all ?” asked Miss Kothsby, in a disappointed tone. • “ The authorities considered it enough, and resolved to render tho Glen as inocessible as possible. For aught -1 know, yours is the firnt foot that has stepped within it for forty years.” 441 must say, then, that you have lest more than yon can imagine, and I shall try to atone for your neglect of the loveliest spot on earth.” So answered the wilful beauty ; and to the Glen she went thereafter as of ten. as oppor tunity allowed, declaring.to herself," as she sat upou the greensward driukiug in the beauty of her surroundings, that it was enchated ground, and that she was under the magic spell. "When Charley King came he was a willing escort, and so long as she was by his side, what did it matter where they went ? . ^ The picnic by ihoonlight bad been a long talked of plan among the young people of the village. The selection of tho place was left to these two visitors nnd they had chosen the haunted glen. Friday avhs the night appointed. Some acquiesced,willingly, otbprs reluctantly, -but no. one had the courage to refuse save the musicians/;who, were -proof against the little . heiresB’p most generous ccffers, and could not be giving the men hosent from the citvinstructiona to render any •assistance they could, bidding them, if possible, to arrange and light the immense number of Chinese lanterns he con signed to them without the knowledge, of the party. His plan worked well, for that their last night might not be assailed by tales not con ducive to steady hands, they were met at the train and directed to the Glen, with strict in junctions not to pluck so much as a blade of 6 The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors here and there throughout pretty Ellendale opened for the gay picuickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets with jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at themfrom behind blinds or open doorways. But when they entered that distant pathway and the sweet perfume of the forest pervaded: the air a» their light feet pressed tha carpet of. pine needles, the jest died away, the laughter ceased, and their voices Had a hollow sound. Feng ■ seized upon them ; each had a strong desire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, and in low Voices they talked of little matters in the village. , When the exquisite beauty of the Glen burst upon their view all other thoughts were dispel led, and the nervous reaction of their grounds less.terror made them doubly merry. Hundreds of lanterns, gleamed faintly in the fading twi light from the trees and .vines on either side,, and the grand old oak which barred the en trance was fairly covered with the.ro. The first glimpse of the fair “ queen of the night,” as her silvery disc rose above the tree tops, was the signal for a song, half chant, half rounde lay, that bad be.en composed for the occasion,] taud as the young people stood in the pride and strength of their youth, their faces upturned, their rich, sweet voices filling the dying,day with melody, one would have said, 44 Wise Miss Kothsby ! Surely no, restless, unholy spirit $ can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery and your pure voices must ex orcise them forevermore.” Scarcely,speaking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from Spot to spot in an ecstacy of delight. Especially did the flowers that gleamed so red upon the ground attract them ; but Miss' Rothsby - bad exaggerated the stain they made that they , might be left untouched. She felt now that some natural explanation ocmid be given of their unpleasant .peculiarity,, .but dreadeiF its effect upon weak neryes, so wisely advised her companions to beware of • She'*.;1 eafped 4from;.«the :musicians, that hbr: . f ather >; badvintGDded<IcomipK<m'.tu*.Bn.mejt*i*»*i::; with them, but being detained at tha last mjn^ pte, he would tol^e, the pext one,, and be with them before the evening ^was over ; so, as her light feet.kept time to a favourite wallz, and a face she much approved was very near to hers, she thought her cup of earthly bliss,was nearly full."' / Th§re was to be dancing until nine o’clock when supper would be served, and afterwards more dancing if they chose; but the parents had insisted that the young folks should be at home by eleven, and Mrs. Gray had. promised1.for, them by virtue of her ch^perooage. The camp fire was lighted on n great fiat stone near the oak tree, and to show its good fellowship crackled, in tho most cheerful way/ Vfhile its ruddy glow threw=.into brighter relief the sombre branches oi the pin^ s way up the. sides of tho Glen. The! baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting feast was spread, tho frag-' rant aroipa of, the coffee proclaimed the last thing’ ready, and Mr.. King, as master af.the .ceremonies,was about giving the signal focrthem all to Assemble, when distinctly throughout the place there came a soft, silvery sound like the tone of a:clock striking the’hour of nine. ■ The oncers, pausing in their gicldyi-whirl,.looked at eaqh other and said, " What a pretty device of Miss Rbtfasby’s !” but even as they sDoko the earth seemed to tremble beneath their fccti while a lurid, unearthly glo w lit up with appal ling distinctness every object in,the Glen,to the ;very top of the beetling ledge above them. : i., With a discordant, jumDg sound the music stopped, Hearts beat fast/cheeks grew white;, j then the sounds died away./' \ \Vhat is iti? » What does it1 mean ?” every- j body was asking. ;, ;i£, . • | CbarleyKing.ipade answcr.although he could j not quite control the, tremor in his voice. : ..... . | • “ It1 must have been a slight shock of earth- ! quake or some electrical disturbance. I have < seen most wonderful phenomena in my time.” ; j Partly reassurred the .musicians went back to j their stand and. the" company .sat downAo. table,, but'it. was in vaan they strove to^eaknaUir:.. ally.' in Tafn^Eeysfcrova*€o eat. * Their voices were tliick, their tpndsVtreiflljledj thoir hearts beat painfully quick and loud.. After a few moments 'Mrs. Gray, smiling1 faintly, said— * ; “ My friends, I fear I have taken,;cold in this Beautiful bat hjoist place. I.pjjbjftse tbijrwe: adjourn to .warmer quartets. Idfhat gay you. to a good- uight waltz at myhouse?” • _ * Before an answer could be given again there sounded, throughout thqGIon.. the faint, low! chime, so awfully distinct? in Its' sweetness/ With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell oF human ngony, stifled ami seeming,to come from, beneath ,£hemt reached their ears, and a" rocky door in the cliff swung, back, revealing a cavern filled with light; but brighter than the light aboqt it was a human Form wrapped in iia me that sprang out of it and fell upon the greensward. ‘ Here was something tangible, and Charley; King swiftly led the way towards this new. horror. Too late ! the form lay still, the voice was silent, and the flames were masters .at last; of him who had so long been their master. Exorcised were the-ghosts for: ever, harmless was the subterranean • chamber tilled with un meaning apparatus and curious, chemicals to those who found them, far the evil genius was. dead. For years the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, aud had found, at last, her very great* est death._.. _ 