Queensland Letter. Brisbane, January 31. Perhaps one of the most hopeful signs of returning good times, so far as Brisbane is concerned, is the projected introduction of electric trams. For years the Brisbane Tramway Company have been working the horse system at present in vogue at a dead loss; and though the city has been spreading out in every direction, additional population has brought no relief to the Tramway Company. Some of the most popu- lous suburbs have scarcely been touched by their lines. Still it must be admitted that they stuck to an un- profitable business with commendable pluck, and al- ways preserved a stiff upper lip. Some little while ago, however, they disposed of their enterprise to a .wealthy syndicate, and a company has now been registered with a capital of £200,000, with power to in- crease that amount indefinitely. The project of the new company is to convert the present system into one worked by electricity, and to extend the lines into ^districts well calculated to pay liberally for the ac- commodation. Three gentlemen-Mr. M. D. M'Bach arn, of Messrs. M'llwraith, M'Eaeharn, and Company; Mr. W. Jones, of Messrs. Thomson, Houston, and Com- pany, the well-known American firm of electrical en- gineers; and Mr. Gain, a gentleman who Is acting in conjunction with MIT. M'Eacharn-arrived In Brisbane eac.iy in the week to make preliminary arrangements in connection with the company. They are appar- ently well pleased with the prospect before them, and it has been stated that no expendiure will be spared to make the new system as complete as possible. It is expected that the electrical machinery will arrive in Brisbane in about six months' time, and then the ,work of conversion, &c;, will be pushed on rapidly. How long this will take I do not know, but no doubt before Christmas comes again electric trams will be running in Brisbane. How welcome the change will be only those who have experience of horse cars can really tell. The horse-car is better than a 'bus, but it is many leagues behind the electrically-driven ar- ticle. It speaks well for Brisbane that moneyed men have been found to invest so much money in an enterprise which so far has been unproductive, but if they effect the saving which they expect, they will get handsome interest for their money. The conven- ience to the public, of course, will be inestimable. The new system will probably do much toward the advancement of Brisbane; it certainly should have the effect of quickening enterprise and encouraging in- vestment. A rather doleful story has found its way from distant ?Longreach. A young man named Arthur Whiting, son of the Inspector of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Brisbane, while travelling In the bush some miles from Longreach received a sun- stroke. Alone he wandered aimlessly and apparently bereft of reason from point to point, until completely overcome. Rumor reached Longreach that a man who was Insane was about fourteen miles out of town. A policeman, accompanied by a black tracker, set out to the scene in a dray. When they arrived at the place where it had been indicated that the man had been seen, they found a dead body. This was seen to be that of the unfortunate Whiting. The constable, after tho rough and ready fashion which prevails In tho bush, dug a grave where the body lay, and in- terred the deceased. There the matter and the bodv an pear to have been allowed to rest. No information ,was forwarded to the father of the unfortunate man until the formal report of the constable was handed to him by the police authorities. Mr. "Whiting was horrified at the manner in which his son had been buried, and he wrote to the papers, complaining of the heartlessness of burying men like dogs. His in- dignation was also aroused by the statement that the policeman who buried the body knew who the deceased was, and was also acquainted with the name of his father, but, despite that, failed to wire a few words to the latter. Some outcry has been the result, but the department have justified their conduct by alleg- ing that it is customary in the far west, when a dead body is found, unless there are suspicions cir- cumstances connected with the death, to bury it on the spot, sans coffin, burial service, or any other sign of respect to the poor brother or sister departed. Of course, in the distant bush neither, a coffin nor a clergyman may be available sometimes, but it is hard, to say the least of it, that death within fifteen miles of a town should be treated so unceremoniously. Humanity revolts at the idea of mon being shovelled dnto a shallow hole with no more respect than would be shown to so much carrion. Anyhow, attention having been drawn to the custom, which appears to have grown up, it ls not likely that we shall hear of a similar case for a good while. If a romantic story which has appeared In a pro- vincial paper is anywhere near the truth, real life ls again demonstrated to be stranger than fiction- and by the same token, more cruel than the most gruesome I invention of the novelist. A Melbourne young man loved a girl for years, but she married some one else. Separated from her by this turn of ill-fortune, he, nevertheless, cherished in secret his devotion to her. For three years he waited, patient and constant, and then the husband died. Three months later his love .?was requited by the widow marrying him. Happy at last, the couple went to Queensland to spend their honeymoon. One day after lunch they strolled along the beach. The husband went out on the rocks to procure some oysters for his wife. While so engaged he fell Into the sea and was drowned before his young ^bride's eyes. Surely, constant affection was never ! more shabbily rewarded by fate! Brisbane, February 1. rA surprise was sprung upon the people of Queens- land by Mr. Powers, though there were a few who expected something of the kind. Instead of going to his constituents to let lose, as it were, the dogs of electoral war, he went to Maryborough to surrender his constituents to let loose, as it were, the dogs of the field. As member for Maryborough, and as leader of the Opposition, he deliArered an address to his constituents on Friday night. He announced the policy which the Opposition were favorablle to, and then stated that all attempts to effect a reasonable alliance with the Labor party had failed dismally. The Opposition, on their part, had been willing to concede almost everything except the doctrine of "Socialism in ou. time," and all they had asked in return was that Labor candidates should not be put up against them In their electorates, they of course un- dertaking not to oppose Labor candidates. The leader of the Labor party, Mr. Thomas Glassey, M.L.A., declined to make any such compact, and apparently gave it plainly .to be understood that labor was determined to control every seat where they had a ghost of a show of getting a man in. Mr. Powers, unwilling ' to continue of an Opposition Which would be subservient to the Labor party, and having private reasons for wishing to leave politics alone for awhile, told his constituents that he had decided to retire from political life. The Op- position has thus been left as a flock without a shep herd. The announcement made a great sensation in town to-day, and has been talked about almost as much as the disasters at Townsville. It has operated as a "Sigma" in politics. Suo Marte. 