Brisbane Notes. (From Our Own CoRivEStOKDBNi. ; f '? 'Tho triumph of liberty,' over wbicli an unscrupulous newspaper shoutu hy- - sterically, might result in something very - - different, us tint 'capitalistic' organ' may yet find t) its soro affliction. It succeeded in raising iho sectarian Devil for no loss ignoblo a purpose thaei foirpncTA on thn mrm who hphip.d to CUfc oil? .. tbe Ejurcc of its lll-qul'cn »iim Tint v.iia i\ ^.c .t triumph JBat, .t is cis''er to ?- r-ilso ill- ]'.\i! tli-'i to hy I.im .h^'ui. Thu lo ii . r^ii, lmiP ' 'o-ou T^ucid fwi il * -ci purp.. i- -iot lik ly :o 1 tl jMib I -.'n -- tV p iroco h.is b^ n a' ' I ,-..-, -i't ;o: di no. 'Hk-oi i ^or j. .i-i1 i to L«. ^ -hvlnhcil Brisbane Notes. [Continued from our First Page.] rumors, but that they will ever be reduced to practice I do not believe for a minute. It would be practically abandoning everything to anarchy in order to be revenged on an insignificant proportion of the pepple of Brisbane. Biting your nose to spite your face is sense and virtue in comparison. xnac tne number ol votes aue 10 sectariaaisru in North Brisbano is trifling Is made evident by comparing the figures of the late and previous, elections, on the hypothesis that parties still stand in the same proponion. In 1893 Sir Charles Lilley obtained 953 votes. Let us regard this as the full muster of electors hostile to the Government. Last Saturday 1342 votes were recorded for Mr Macdonald-Paterson, or 389 more than the tale of the combined Labor and opposition franchise. INOW, it muse uu remembered that Mr. Paterson did not stand aa an enemy but as a friend of the Government, and as Buch was bound to secure some bona fide Government votes. Then came his personal friends, a very considerable number, men who voted for him because they found 'him a jolly good fellow ; and after them those who per sonally disliked Mr. Byrnes, again a con sideratolo number, I fear ; and not many of the 339 need be accounted for on the sectarian hypothesis. That religious rancour was excited cannot be denied, but when is it hot excited at a general election ? All that c*n bo said is that on this occasion the excitation was conducted more shamelessly and venomously than on any previous occasion in this country. Bitter things are naturally thought in the bitterness of the moment, but our brother Catholics know they havo the magnificent sympathy of glnrious A us tralia at large, and why should they mind the doings of a handful of in significant, narrow-minded men ? Yesterday it waa rumoured Mr. Byrnes was going to stand for Woolloongabba, but I gave it r.o credence, being assured ho would not offer himself for any con stituency, for a time at any rate. Three years ago ho was not easily dissuaded from an ;inclir.ation to retire from politics in order to better mind his own affairs. He is net at all likely to bo dissuaded this time. And in fact, so far as Woolloongabba is concerned, the absence of his name from the nominations shows there was no foundation for that rumour. Mr. Nelson leels tlie misfortune Keenly, more Keenly as he was was in a manner responsible for it, it being he who induced Mr. Byrnes to bid farewell to Cairns in order to stand for North Brisbane. No doubt the Premier regrets now, as we all do, that ho did not himself accept the requisition even at the expense of breaking his promiso to stick to Murilli while Murilla stuck to him. Tn all probability there would have been no opposition to him here, and he could have taken in with him anyone he liked. And this would have been dune, I A,\ UaMnra Knf f.ir tlio Miar.M»a nf RP.p.taririil favoritism brought agains1 the Attorney General in his absence by the Telegraph. After that, if he hid receded from North Brisbane, the cry would have been raised that the charges were true— although already proved falso to demonstration — and that he was not same to stay and face the Brisbane electors on the question. Tht- situation was a very difficult and anxious one, and what appeared to be the only manly cause was taken. The theory that the outrages committed during the strike troubles in the North west were all the work of spielers, sun downers, loafers, and other hansreis-on of ihe skirts of unionism, and not by union ists at all, has been gaining acceptance since those outrages ceased, unhappily as the theory was illustrated by the Parlia mentary Labor Parly in denying there were any outrages at all, aud fiercely obstructing the Peace Preservation Bill. Now something h.s occurred calculated still further to unsettle the theory. A number of undeniable unionists have been arrested for the burning of the Ayrshire Downs woolshed in 1894. It is said they were ' peached' by an accomplice. Among them is no less cslebrated a personage than 'Shear-blade' Martin, so named from his stirring appeal to the striker camp at Barcaldine to arm itself with ten thousand shear-b'.ades and take the cuuutry. It was then he gracefully al luded to the Queen as ' Old Mother Brown.' lor these eminent services ho was accommodated for IS months at her Majesty's expense, and made general organiser by the A.L.K. afterwards. It was the same Mr. Martin Mr. Glassty showed round the country as a St. Helena martyr on a slang-whanging tour prior to the general election of 1S93. Shortly after the Ayrshire Downs bonfire Martin was arrested on suspicion, when there wero found upon him a number of cart ridges and a letter addressed to his ' dear Alfred ' and highly suggestive of son^e of the methods of the New Union ism, If the Bundaberg surprise startled any one section of the community more than another, it was the Laborists them selves. Thev had calculated — shall we say, flattered themselves 1 — that the whilom misleader had not the ghost of a show ; and certainly the enthusiasm evoked by his sensational friumph was of the sickliest. Oh, how different to the wide-mouthed volley which greeted the success of that ' cordial supporter of the Government,' who engineered the ' Co ercion Act ' through the Upper House And perhaps, if the truth were told, the Government are not going to have their ' best friend' back with them. Ihe question is, what the Bundabergers meant by it. Rationally, it should be kindness and gratitude to the Govern ment which did so much for them. Irrationally — very much so — it would be approval of the man who has always striven with might and main to ruin the industry on which Bundaberg depends for existence. It is for tho3e better ac quainted with them than I am to decide. The thing looks mad enough, anyhow. Mr. Nelson, who posted down to town to record his votes and at tend to other important business, was, it is said, the last man to enter the City polling booth for Toowong. He went home by Sunday night's mail train, and will be back this evening. I understand he polled considerably heavier for Murilla than those well acquainted with the conditions of that electoate expected, the number of rengthsmen and LaboristB being so large in comparison with the general population. March 24th, 1896. 