MINING OPINION. Throughout the suburbs the miners are (writes a correspondent) taking the situation quietly, and have no evident desire to force matters.to a conolusion, but are contented to allow things to drift on as they are atpr se ot till the coal proprietors surrender or they, through force of cirounmstance, take a similar step. Excitement there is none, and unlikely to be any till the imp'rtalion of nou-union labour, but it is sincerely hoped a settlhment will be effected before such is resorted to. The men are firm anad confident of ensuccess, but do not expect that the 1888 agreement will be won altogether. Bince then the miners have made so many im portant concessions that it is almost beyond reason to attempt to win them back in one effort. T'he yardage rate for six-yard borde, as provided for in that all important document, greatly affects some of the largest coal companies, and also has a msrked effeot on the earnings of the work. men. The ncutting downof the yardagoe ratee has not been lost sight of by the miners, especially the consideration forsix- yard bords. The howing rate dirt scale, and the considera tion for narrow bords are the principal items for which the men are fighting. The mini mum height does not affect the majority of the oolliories, but it hac an important bearing on the hoewing rato at some pits. The an. nouncement that the miners in the other dis triots are bidding for an advance is hailed with expressions of satisfaction, and the go nral desire is to prevent the howing of one ton of coal in the colony till the miners and proprietors of Noewo?stlo have agro d If a general strike should be declared in the southern and western distrcts, it is oetated there would be no difficulty in stop ping the collieries at present working in thitl distriot. A rumour has boeen circulated that oroparations are in progrcss for resumilng operat one at one of the conveniently ci noted collierics. If such should tratispiro, it is certain a couple of othtrs will follow stit. Mr Thomas, of the Now Lambti ,olli. ry, was somewhat disappointed at the miners re fusing to ocedeo to his terms The standard height was the only obs'tacle in the way. It is unlikely that any further attempt will be m ido to starrt the pit till a general settlement is effeoted. A Stockton miner, in conversation on the mining situation, said he was somewhat dis appoiuted at the attitude of the loeaders of the Minero' Association. We gave in our niotice, he said, for 3s 6d per ton, aud now we fiud we are out for the 1888 agreement. I wish we could got the agreement. It would do away with a lot of the di ty business that it carried on by some of the comJoanies. But I don't think we have a ghost of a show to get it I cousider we should go first for the in creased tonnage rate. We can get it without injuring the union. But if we iro stubborn and try to got the old agreement pure and simple we will put our foot in it It will proveo a failure nmd bringr about the dis. organisation of our ra'k.-, and we fled our selves in a woro po.ition than we have experienced HE said the Stockton mirnrers could be relied in th., present struggle. I hey know at Stioktou w'hat the fruits of *black loegging" is We were not allowed to eavil, and if you were ,ot on good terms with thoce in authority and cou got into a wet pl.o .oi had to stop in the pla~o till it wmns driven up. A sweeping reform i. badly noeeded, but I fear weo are trying to reach too far." 