A WOMAN'S BATTLE. CHAPTER XLIIL—(Concluded). By ESME STDART. Author of "Kestell of Greyston®,* 5 "A Woman of Forty, ;> "The Jfower of tho Past," 6zc., &c.; " Of course. We can be quite quiet there for a little while at all events. People frill be a few weeks getting over their surprise, wont they, dearest? How tired you look." Lucy wen upstairs. Harriet was in her room, a fire was blazing cheerfully; but suddenly she paused on the threshold. A slight shiver ran over her, and she turned towards Harriet. "Ishall not dress to-night. TellElle^ito prepare the large spare-room and the dressingroom, and let Mrs. G willian know that we are here." " Mrs. Gwillian told Sir. Lumb, my Lady, that she hoped you would excuse her, for she was very tired and had gone to bed in the sitting-room." "Certainly. I—have much to do sorting some old letters downstairs. L>et no one come in this evening. To-morrow we are going home. I should not have returned, but E thought " Lucy broke off and did not finish her sentence. Dinner was not a cheerful meal, though Lord istretton talked ceaselessly. _ Lucy made a great effort to answer him with interest, but Lumb's presence annoyed her. She wished now that she had never returned. She had only done so because of what the world would say, and yet to ihiB small world •he seemed already dead, just as if die had never existed. The air of the place felt heavy and damp. Her bead ached, and she could hardly keep calm enough to answer her husband's remarks rationally. Happily Lord Stretton was himself making an enort to appear lively; in fact, he was rather overdoing it. When Lucy left her husband to bis wine and walked back into the drawingroom. she etrill felt as if she were in a strange dream. Was the tension on her nerves becoming too great ? Would she be able to hold out tall the morning? Th& drawingroom was full of ghosts—ghosts of past thoughts—all rising up to torment her. iShe had reckoned too much on her strength of character and on her strength of will; now she would give worlds to be safe at Staoey Hill, at last its rightful mistress—at lost. Douglas had sent word that the carriage and pair were to come the next morning to fetch them away. She must set through the intervening time without breaking down. At Stacey it would be different; there she oould . Xo, Stacey was too near; she must go abroad a little while; ehe must have a proper honeymoon; all this^hurry had been preposterous, but of course it had been necessary. She rose and went towards the door. The room felt close; die seemed to be oonscious of Sara's presence in it, it was superstitious, unnatural, but she could not resist or fight against the feeling. She opened the door, and then she suddenlv heard her husband's voice. To whom could he be talking? To Lumb! How tiresome! She took a few steps into the hall and listened. All at once Lord Stretton opened the door and called her. "Lucy! Oh; there you are. "Will you mind, love, coming in one moment to confront and confound this wretched man." "What is it?" she said, feeling as if she oould not move a step forward, ".. Why, I sent for him to insist on his potting a stop to that inf»mouB gossip, and he— he sticks to it! I shall put it into the bands of my lawyer, if any more of this goes on. n . Lucy followed him. She farced herself to walk calmly. "Now, Lumb, you deserve no mercy, fie peat what you told me, and Lady Stretton will deny it." Lumb stood immovable. He looked quite calm. "I have told your Lordship everything." Lord Stretton was trembling from anger. " It is an infamous lie! Laidy Stretton will refute it at once!" " She cannot, my Lord. I saw her with I own eyes pour two packets into Miss sherry. I oounted the packets after she had given tbem and before; but the last night 1 changed the poison for something else, and I also verified them that night. They were the last that she administered, and the doctor said that one more dose would have been fatal. That dose was given, but it was harmless, and they told me that that saved Miss Sara's life. I am no longer in her Ladyship's service, so I am free to speak. He doctor has given out that Miss Sara poisoned herself. It is no such thing. I can testffy to that, but I am told that I have not sufficient evidence to prove it; still, for all that, I know Miss Beddoes is innocent Lady Stretton knows it too." "It is a—a—lie! a—a conspiracy!'' said Lady Stretton slowly, her hands clenched nervously together. Then she turned her head towards her husband and she saw that he bad turned deadly pale; she saw that his faith was wavering. "No, my Lady, it is the tmth. I was in London when you entered two chemists' shoiis. I followed you and saw yWt. Yoa c&tne; back and refilled the empty box with powders." ' " It is a—a " began Lady Stretton; then over-wrought Nature asserted itself, and she fell fainting to the ground. . That night L«dy Stretton was ill, sad very feverish. The doctor was sent for; her husband would not leave her. He alone could soothe her wandering fancies; he clone oould hear her low, excited murmurings. When dawn broke, however, she became calm, and much less feverish, and when the can rose she opened her eyes, and called " Douglas." He came to her. He, too, looked very worn and spent. " Douglas, take me away. I can go—I am better—take me away." " Yes,' Lucy, you shall go. But listen ; tell me—tell me—it isn't true? You have been-' very excited all night; hut, of oonrse, your nerves were unstrung." She fancied by Douglas's face that he knew all. She fancied that m her fever dreams she had betrayed herself, for she had been through terrible fever-engendered scenes, and now she felt weak-and powerless. She wanted rest and to throw herself on his love. She knew that it was great, and she believed that " Douglas, put your arm round me. I am sure I can go home. I shall be strong enough to go. If I had a moment of madness, it was because 1 loved you so much, I wanted you so much, and you—you had been so long, so long in coming to me. You said that we should have to wait; and I could not wait any longer. Douglas, there is no proof—none—none." " But you did it? : ' His voice was very low, very soft. '' I wanted you. I was mad. I didn't know what I was doing. I—I—Douglas, Douglas— I am your wife." Yes," he said slowly, "yes—Lucy. As soon as you can travel we will go abroad. We —we——Oh! God help us. And I—loved you —I have cut myself off from my children for you! I—I " Strong man that he was, he broke down, and kneeling beside the bed he covered his face with his hands and sobbed. Lucy turned her face to the wall. Her sin had found her out. But the county never heard the rights of the story. They knew that Lord Stretton had privately and very hastily married the charming widow, Mra. Beddoes, and that—So they said—in consequence of his children's indignation he had taken his wife abroad, and meant never to return to Stacey Hall. The place was Ehut tip, and gossip talked endlessly about it till suddenly the marriage of Percival Osborne with Mies Beddoes was announced. The young people took a large country house near Chapel Stacey, and made there a home for Miss Ofiborne and for Cobbin when he was in England. Very soon Percival became a power in the county. He went into Parliament and was a busy man, for he and his wife and sister spent their time and their money in the service of humanity. Clara, to every one's surprise, ma'ried a London clergyman—a certain Mr. James Colbourne—and was a happy and useful wife. Virginia made quite a grand match, but her brother never married. People who brought back travellers' tales spoke of Lord and Lady Stretton as havin? plenty of money, for directly Mrs. Osborne camo of age she had insisted on sharing her . fortune with her mother, but, as people added. "Money doesn't bring happiness, for Lord Stretton is f»n very bad terms with his wife. It must be his fault, for ho could not get on with his first wife, and this second Lady Stretton is a lovely wom an, only, perhaps, too fond of society and admiration." Indeed, iroasip whispered many things, amongst others that Gaythorne Greenwood was always dangling round Lady Stretton, and people did say—well, anyhow, one thing was certain, and that was that both husband and wife looked anything but happy in spite of their wealth. When a man will live abroad and shirk his home duties, said the trite morality of gossip, it is to be expected that he will not be happy. . As usual, gossip sees but half the action of a life story, and cannot understand > even tho half that it does see. Sara herself never knew the real fruth about that period of misery when she lived with her mother at Chapel Stacey. At times slie longed intensely—especialiv whenshe had become a happy mother—to see her own mother and to clnixn from her some tenderness and affection, but Lady Stretton never answered two letters Sar wrote to her, and so thev r.t-vpr met .i^ain. This was the only shadow in Sara's life of happiness and usefulness. One result of it was that out of the abundance of her own blessings she bad .ihvays much to spare for motherless children, *nd for those young people, who from such cause or other, craved in vain for a mother's love. It was a joke among her own family that she was the mother of many families, and hat she spoilt the children of other people uch more than she did her own. To thi ccusation she would answer:—"It is Percial's fault; he spoils his sons and his daughter n a most shocking manner, but especially his aughter !THE EXD.] 