THE TURF. [By Veko.] The Executive of the Central Queensland Racing Association held their monthly meet ing last week, and got through the usaal large amount of boainesa. Dates were allotted for * number of summer meetings, and other matters of & routine character attended to. The disqualification of George ' Eowe, an amateur rider, who was suspended for three yean by the North Gregory Turf Clab for palling foundling in the Flying Handicap, was endorsed, and the Longreach Club advised that Koore would not be allowed to take part in their meeting. The Secretary, Mr. A, S. Tompson, reported that the sum of £175 now Btood at the credit of the Association. It b satisfactory to see that the principal Western meetings this sonuner are to be (or cornfed horses. How ***** this chance is doe to the continued drought it- ia bard to ssy, bat should these gatherings prove anyway knecassfol it may be hoped there will be no cetera to goaded meetings, at least where large prizes are offered. The Longreach Jockey Club have a meeting on Boxing Day, when prizes amounting to £150 will be given away, the programme being thas laid out : — Trial Stakes of £20, 6 furlongs ; Short* Han dicap of £30, 5 furlongs ; Christmas Handi cap of £50, 9 furlongs; Ladies1 Mile for trophies valued at £25 ; Open Hack Race of £5, 5 furlongs ; and Farewell Handicap of £20, 6 furlongs. Nominations for Shorts Handicap, f jrfim' MUe. and Christmas Handicap to be sent to Mr. F. Cory on the 11th instant at 8 p.m.; general entry 22nd instant at 8 p. njr The Barealdine Central Racing Club are billed for a two-days* meeting on the 3Ut of December and the 1st of January. The added money amounts to the respectable sum of £275, the cash being thus distributed :— First day : Trial Stakes of £15, 6 furlongs ; First Corinthian Handicap of £20, 6 furlongs ; Midsummer Handicap of £50, 1£ mile ; Selling Race of £5, 4 furlongs? Ladies' MUe of £25, 1 mile ; Flying Handicap of £25, 5 furlongs. Second day - Shorts' Handicap of £23, 5 fur longs; Second Corinthian Handicap of £20, 7 furlongi ; New Year'* Handicap of £40, 2 mile; Selling Race of £15, 5 furlong*; lightning Handicap ot £20, 4 furlongs ; and Consolation Handicap of £ 15, 6 furlongs. These ri£es ate open to ail riders. Nomina tions for all races except Sell rig Races and Consolation Handicap must be in the hands of the Secretary, Mr. Charles Downee, by 8 p-m. vQ Saturday, the IQth inata.nL At the Townsville Turf Glob Summer Meet ing, oo New Tear's Day, a programme of seven events will be offered to the public, as follows :— Flying Handicap of £50, 6furloage; Handicap Hack Race of £10, 6 furloogs; New Year'* Gift (kiindtcap) of £90. 9 furlongs ; Fljiog Welter Handicap of £35, 7 furlongs ; Time Handicap Trot' of £25, 2 miles; Mid manner Handicap of £60, 1 mile ; Selling Bace of £30, winner to be sold for £30, with allowances, I mile. Nominations for all events are to be to i he hands of the Secretary, Mr. J. S. Love, not later than 4 p.m. on the 15th instant ; weights oa the 29 h of Decem ber, wbich is much too Ute. A day's racing will be held at Cape I la oo the 26th instant. Though the prizes are ^mftll. no doubt the gathering will produce Lbe .capital sport those tittle meetings generally do. There are six events, and Dominations tor the Capella Handicap of £12, roast be iu «fee hands of Mr G. \V. Rente, the Hon. Secretary, by 8 p.m. on the 19tb instant. The *\her races are post entry. Toe programme of the North Gregory Turf Clab for Boxing Day has six events enu merated as follow: —Hurdles of £15, Flying of £20, Maiden of £10, Christmas Handicap of £30, Hick of £10. nod Corinthian of £15. Mr. Gcahaw Haygarth is h&ntlicapper.; The annul meeting of the members of the aockhajsipCoo TatteraaH's Clnb will be held ia the elab-ioom. Union Hotel, at 8 p.m., on Monday, the 14* December. A match for £5 aside took place on Wed nesday, on the Nortfa Rockhsmpton course, between Mr. D. Sajith'a bay n are Flora (8 st. 3lb.) and Mr. Campion's bay pony gelding Fairy Boy {Bet. 10 IK, including 71b. over). The distance was six farlonga. '? he owner rode Flora, and B. Delandelles bestrode Fairy Boy. Mr. H. McCarthy officiated as jadge, .and Mr. A. Kroning aa starter. Flora was .quickest on her legs, and led the whole dis tance, finally winning by a length. ** Rattler ' writes :— Mr. J. M*Cabe'S old ' favourite, Clythe, is said to have been unable to leave his box since the late spring meeting, ; and it is pot likely chat he will be able to ; race again for some time. Clytbe has been , scratched out of the Queensland Cup &ndj; Sandgate Handicap. Mr. W. T. Jones says that Maluma looked I as if she had just come out of a p&ddock; when she ran in the Heath Stakes at the Newmarket Meeting, and from what he could bear the mare ha A only done a couple of two furlong gallops before the race. Probably the very unfair imposts placed on Australian horses may have something to do with this starting the mare out of condition, for the purpose of running the weight off, ?* Delaware,' under the cro&s-heading; 'All Steal,' writes : — ' That sorry duffer, A. XV. Steel, alias Beaufort, who has lately left for England, has been shown to the public in hiB true colours. Campbell, alia$ Steel, was an advertising turf tipster, and ia supposed to have received much money from distant parts to invest on Newh&vvn;, and, of course, stuck to the lot. Already, claims to the amount of £10,000 have been sent in by bis gulla. A decent Brisbane man loses £600 through thia useless harpy. The Brisbane man took COO to 6 the two New havens from a friend who had £1000 to £10 from SteeL The £600 was laid off, and had to be paid, as he neglected to give anybody for the money. A New Zealand paper says ihat Pollard's Opera Company is performing to good bui ness in Christen nrcb — ** Kip,' ' Black Cloaks,' &c; Everyone is pleased to bear of Mr. Pollard's luck over Lady Zetland's New Zealand Cop, and nobody who knows trim will be surprised at his generosity to Percy White, the winning jockey. fays the Sydney Bulletin :— The Melbourne tipster who has to fulfil his promise of eating Newhaven, with sage and oqiods, took his cue from the English Bdl'e Life, or one of its rivals : ' If George Frederick wins this Grand National event. Til eat the ugly brute, hoofs and alL' George Frederick won. They go in for long-distance racing in France, and last tnootfa* at Paris. Omnium 3T added to his long list of victories by winning the l*rix Gladiateur, a weigbt-for-age race, run over a distance of 3 miles 7 fnrlonga. There were only three runners, and be cantertd borne the easiest of winners by twenty lengths from La Licorne. The race was worth 1200 sovs, and the winner covered the coarse, as timed by Benson's chronograph, in 7aJn. 54 sec. The New Zealand Press Association has been advised by M r. Browning, superin tendent of the Cable Company at Wakapuaka (the Moarfland tefarinus of the cable) that the result of the Melbourne Cap reached New Zealand in one minute after the message giving the placed horses was handed in by the Association's agent at the Flemington Telegraph Office, It has. now been ascertained that the exact profit over the V.R.C. Spring Meeting was £8588. The bookmakers are to be dispensed with on raceconrBes in Tasmania at the end of the fear, and the leading racing dubs are now coking round for improved totalisator The CbampioD Stakes, run at Newmarket Second October Meeting, brought only four to the post, with Sir Visto, the Derby winner, 1895, a firm favourite at 5 to 4 against; 2tol could be got about Marco, 9 to 2 v. Labrador, and 100 to 8 r. Whittier. Labrador made all the running, and won cleverly by three partB of a length, taking 2 rain. 16 sec. to cover the mile and a-quarteir. Marco fioished second, and the favourite was a bad third. Labrador, who is by Sheen from Ornament, was bred by bis owner, the Duke of Westminster. ' So-So ' states that the western horses X Ray and Surprise arrived at Townsville safely from Rockhampton on Friday last. A cablegram states that the racehorse Gr&fton; has been shipped to Australia. Ibis is the two-year-old brown colt Graf ton formerly owned by the Ute Baron de Hirsch. Grafton is by Galopin out of Maid Marian. The Melbourne Cup winner Auraria will probably, says the Age. be sent to England. Mr. D. James, her owner, who is now in Melbourne, B^ya the mare is at present in splendid health, the unaoundness which neces sitated her retirement from the Cup having disappeared, and he is hopeful of securing a good price fur her in England, especially as tbe blood she boasts is generally admired. Her brother Aucum, wbo ran at flemington, promises to be a prominent Derby candidate next year, and his victory ia that event will considerably enhance Aoraria's value in England. It is likely AurarU will be shipped with New haven in the autumn of next year. The following nominations have been re ceived for tiie two principal events to be run on the 26th and 28th of December, at the Tawera Jockey Club Summer Meeting:'— Summer Cup of £150 (H mile) : Black Harry, Dumbell, X Ray, Surprise, Harvester, Ormley, Lochaber, Calm, Merloolaa, Orange skin, Kalamia, S&ladin;, Viceroy, Coufuaion, Lord Marian, Sigma, Cabin Boy, Waterloo, Black Prince, Autocrat. Christmas Handi cap of £130 \9 forlongs): Black Harry, Dumbbell, X Ray, Surprise, Harvester, Locbab*r, Ormley, Cobbler, Calm, Mer looLia, Orangeekin, La Vendula, RaLunia, Saladin, Viceroy, Oonfusion, Lord Marian, Sigma, Cabin Boy, Black Prince, Waterloo, Autocrat. The nominations for tbe smaller event* irere a 'so very good. *' Waxy/' in the Brisbane Tdeyrapli, makes the following remarks on the weights pub lished for the QT.C Summer handicaps:— ' Weights for the Queensland Cup and Sand gate Handicap, to be ran at tbe Q.T.C December meeting, were declared on Tues day. The handicappers are flattering again, and there seems no *' weighty ' reason why all the horse* nominated should not face the barrier. Everything appears to have a Orhnnw, but the public seems to have spotted Black Harry as the winner of tbe double. If his running at the late Spring meeting was his true form, he has not the ghost of a show at the weights ; bat be was probably far from well daring the three days, and ran un backed, though there was a great run on him for the Queensland Cnp and S^ndgdte Handicap doable even before tbe nomination* closed, and at/the price of a straight-out shot for one event. He iseaid to be 'as goo4a& Trance,' but rhis of course ia a question we cannot answer in the present state of our kno*-ledQe ; but if he is within 7 lb. as good as that notorious mare, he has a pretty soft thing on. With the exception of Battalion, Black Harry, Avenue, and Tridentate, none of tbe dozen in tbe Cop have negotiated two miles successfully, though for some reason or other Clythe and Premier are counted stayers by the public Czarioa, Freedom, Checkmate, Narcissus, Zingara, and Cap-a-pie are supposed to have a eoft-spot somewhere. Bat the notion of Freedom winning a mile and a-half race was scouted until his number went up as the winner of the Prince of Wales's Cup ; and it is likely enough we may all be mistaken in the opinion that the rest of the half dozen named cannot get half-a-mile farther.' The weights for the two chief races to be run at the Towers meeting on the 10th in stant are as follow : — ffiiNCE of wales' stakes (9 forlongB) : etibl 6t lb Cahid Boy .. „ 10 5 1 Viceroy .. .. 7 10 Loid Harian .. fl 6 1 Kalamia .. ..7 4 PbfBfesaa .. .. 8 13 Confusion .. ..7 4 Black Prince .. & 6 , fi&l;&din; .. ..6 7 Harvester .. .. 8 oJ£3acklock .. .-0 7 Waterloo .. .. 8 3 1 FIOSBER HANDICAP (1 mile} : Cabin Boy .. . 10 61 Dover .. ..So Lord Marian _ 9 7 Opeen Crass ..8 0 Surprise . .. 8 flj Viceroy .. . 7U On&eeshin..; ..0 3 KaUnua .. ..7 5 RUnfr prince 8 7 Cuumptdiu.. . 7 1 Harvester .. ..8 6 LaVeodute.. .. 6 10 Waterloo .. ' .. 8 4 BliHrtnrfr .. ..6 8 