AN INTERESTING STO RY "GLADYS." I A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME. BY M, f. B, 1 PART I. A lovely morning in spring, when you seem to see the trees growing and the flowers opening to the sun-all nature is so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and a song of thanksgiving rises to your lips, for the fact of hfe, and tile blessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies befire us, sloping grad- r ually to the river, and tilled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom- r an old-fashioned garden-where the Lent lilies bout their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with j Smonthlly roses. A pretty housc, of the cottage type, t thoughl built with plenty of space at cooin mand, and showing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufticiently blessed with this world's goods I to live in comfort, at any rate, if not in 1 absolute luxury. \---Sea tiunder a ispreading sycamore, with sonme dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of surpassing grace and beauty ; f 1 one glance at tihe pure oval of her face, at the deep gray of her eyes, and the , golden brown of her hair, " sunning over with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands and feet, and you s would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had i been "the beauty," par excellence, of the last three seasons. There was, however, a tinge of melan choly in the wistful droop of her rosy lips, e which suggested the fact, that though ain heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not i entirely happy or free from care. Flitting about from shrub to bush, and from blossrom to berry, as fanrcy rilonee dictated, and gralually filling the basket she carried irn her hand with all the spoils of the garden, was another girl. The two were much al:ko, but this one was younger, brighter, fairer, and crvi Aently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship between u the two. Beatrice, the elder cousin, was the I owner of the pretty cottage. whenre also dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. An f alhost sisterly affection existed between the two girls. Up to the present momer:t, G!adys had i been the chief spokes wota?nir , but tlhe con versation had been somoewhat desultory c and interrupted, owing r to the fact that she always found it dillicult to remain c long in one place, and guthe ing flowers a afforded a eplendid exercise for perpetual c motion. 2'iow, however she came aud settled herself alt the grass at hier cousin's feet, and with a little sigh of content began to arrange her spoils. I Beatrice continued the conversation as t if no interruption had taken place. "It is all very fine for you to talk, a Gladys, just because you happen to be t engaged to the best fellow in tile world- the best 'catch' of the season-a hand some man, and one who, beside all those 1 advantages, is as madly in love with you, 1 little cousin, as if these were the days of I chivalry, and yo , e . e,,nt,, l pr no . all r 'lilt.'~tiIi aeI lie rhas onlyy one serious fault that I know of, and I there's no denying that lie is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." "It'sthe only thing that prevents our love story being as cormmron- place as a ) cook's or a housemaids," pouted Gladys, I "but I am always lhoping that something r may turn up to arouso his jealausy, but f you know," confidentially, and with a quaint little sigh, " I'm so dreadfulrly in love with hintm, that I don't think it over can, for, Beatrice, I'mr sure I could never give hint even tihe slightest cause--" "Oh, jealous people don't wait for 1 cause," interrupted her cousin ; "but I 1 trust you will never find this out, Gladys." " I don t mean, to deny that l'mi a very lucky girl," continued (;lady's, as if she had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded the interruption, and holing up a bunch of creamy roses to see how they ihar:uonised I with her cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of plaren thesis, "or that Claude is not the beIt and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, 1 I know, quite too good for me ; but I am sure, Trixy," coaxingly looking up into the elder girl's face to try to get her to agree, "it would have been much wiser and much more romiantic if lie had hap petned to t arn artist, and worn a velveteen coat, and-" " Yes," laughi gly, ""yes, my dear con, much more romanltic. but not one-hlrlf so convenient. It was because my lover, Denzil do Liisle, was poor, that Aunt Ostherine forced me to reject him. Don't "ror think, Gladys my dear." speaking vory tenderly, "that the mout romantic surroundings can ever reconcile you to Ssaying ' good-byeo' to one whom y,,u truly It love. I shall never foirget Denzil, atd if t only I could soee hint once again, I could t then die haplpily." t " Nonsense, love," said Gladysa. putting her arms round her cousin, anl kissing f her affectionately, " don't talk about dying ini this glorious weather; let's think of esormethinrg lappy and bigillt, like the sunt shine," gathoring all thie lirwers into a big bunch. "Cla:udo said he'd be down about \- twelvo, and take is both up thie river fish ing. Yes, Trix, as you say, l'm a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, 1 ldon't thinik I shall ever wart trnt of Imy own ;but, still, y'iu must allow that Spoverty--mind, poverty without rage, I distinctly object to rags-poverty is so much more ronrmantic than having all the luxuries of life anid a few over. "My dear Gladys, I trust you will alvays have them ; you were made for the sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great sorrow, or eveni a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite re spectably without either." This was said in a joking manner, but when Beatrice saw thie rosebud nronth be ginning to pout and the brorwn eyes till with ters, sire drew her cousin tenderly to her side, ard finished in quite a serious manner. "Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face anrd think of your happi rness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry thie tirst man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you you musn'trintml oe, dear. You willunder stand now why I am sometimnes sad and mnelancholy. 1 am going into the house; shall I bring your hat, dear I " "Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a " That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's ?" 'No," withl a Imerry laugh, " not at all ; and 1 don't think Clsitide would like a blackaimoorr for' wife, ditar Trixy," watch rig tile graceful figure till sho disappeared into the cottee. "Well, r dar't vwonder at men. fallinr in love with Beatrice; I shuld iiysself; it's quite a delight to ime to iratht her face, and I'm not a man, or : auppmoe it would be more so. I'm quite proud to be I her cousin, and for people to pretend that G they see a family likeness between us is h certainly very amusing. I would do any- al thing in the world for her-only I'm eI awfully glad Claude didn't like her beet, because I don't think Icould give him up, cl even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled as look, " if hs had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have had anything to do - with it. Well," with a shake of the head, " I don't know anything about that all I know is. that it would break my heart to d part with him. Now, if lihe had been poor, I could have proved mny devotion by-" ni But the re;: of her rmeditations were cut sl short bv a haind being laid over her eyes. i With a little sltriek of pretended dismay, t (ladys j]tumped up, scatterinig her fllwers, Lt to right and left. iier face loo,ked very w roev as she hav, dy released herself and f;l stoopled to picl :p the blossoms, exclaim- ih in-g in tragic irnca,- at " il. Clau. te, how you frightened rme i " " Fright.ned you, sweetheart ? Why, tl what ahcitsy tbrute I must be. But there, ci never mind tl.eoe flowers, Ladybird, I'll h take good care nobody else frightens you ol while I anm here." It 11, took liher in his arms and bestowed a -o dozen kisses or. her lips. His is a state art figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the i lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde i beard and flaxen hair shone like threo-da oft v gold in the sunshine. hi is blue eyes rest el 1I withdeeploveand admiration on the daintye figure lie hell in his arms." ' After a few miniutes given to lover-like C demonstratio,n, he seatoed htirts If on the , grass beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladlys down by his side, possessing himn- n self of one siimall hand. ri " Anti now tell mie what you were talk ing about when I came." G;ladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she ti recollected the wish that was on her lips. I a " Talking ! Was I talking ? What did I 'c, say ? " h " Well. I only heard part of a sentence, g it was this: ' I could have proven my de- o votion by-'" ft " Oh," with a nervous little laugh, '" I :i suppose I was reiearsing a speechl for our e private theatricals. Claude." " Private theatricals, indeed ! Now look here, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, a "I won't have you talking about your de- ' notion to any other fellow but me. hlow do I know if you talk about it but what v you may feel it, and then," lugrubriously, y '" what is to become of me ? No, no. sweeet heart, talk as much about devotion to mre as you please, I anl open to as maniy conl fidences c?l that subject as you like to q msake, so fire away, I'n ready." "Nonsense. Clanude,"said Glady.s,latgh- a ing in spite of herself, ' as if one could make love to order, like a dress, ora coat, or boots." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cals are the very mischief, and put non- i sense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibiticns! " " " But, Claude, you know its for a h charity, and you know-" " Charity be hanged I Charity, should t, begin ak homne, and I believe its vanity o that makes all you women so ready to ex- a hibit yourselves to be stared at at so mnuchl a head, under the guise of charity. You'd d think it precious hard lines if you'd got to k do it for a living." V "Now don't be disagreeable, You know Beatrice has promnised, and you r know all the places are booked at double t prices to see tile lovely Mi-s Calnsren. i, thea beauty of the Inrt t lruel mllln. ill t. all the latest confections that Wtorth has 1: prormised to send for the occasion-" I " All well and good, if Beatrice likes s to do it, and her aunt, your totlher I t mean, sees no objection ; but recollect you are my property now," looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly c face. "AAnd I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you- f discussing you as if you were a piece of a statuary, or, the last new picture. Now t don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't bear to see that dew on miy rose," I kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladys, we'll go for i long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,msy darling," in a low, tender voice. drawing I her to hibm, " you can't think what pain it i would be to me to hear my own little love t discussed at the clubs as I hear so many 1 other fellows' sisters and sweethearts ] talked about. I think it would kill me. 1 Ulady's, to find tlat you had erTr had a secret from inme. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived i rIle. '( Hie was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on so slighit a cause, but Glady'a remembered for the first stire since their I engagement how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before Ie inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a cer tairn lady, and how he had only then re turnead from his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when she all swvered himl. " Deceive you, Claude--why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with i you ; you never let me have mily owvt way -not a little bit." " Because I know you like having illmy way best- now confess you de ?" "I shan't confess anything of tle kind," said Gladys, perversely. "Ah, but I know you do," with a wise shake of the head. " Werll, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said." "Where's Beatrice ?" he lazily inquired, after a slight loverlike pause. " O,, Claude," she continued, ill a sor rowful little voice, "she's just been tell ing lme the very saddest love story I ever heard; and, vwhat is sadder still, it is evcry bit true." " Ier own ?" queried Claude, more in terested in picking thie bits of moss from Gladys pink dress, thlanin ever so patlhetic a story concerning her cousin. " Yes ; that's the reason shle has never married.and "-in an awe-struck whisper -" she niever intends to be, because she can't forget D-" At this moment a loud ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up front his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. " What a nuisance ! I forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come dowir to day and go fishing with us--youi knIow dear, it imust be awfully dull for Beatrice ti watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, 'u,0 y3c aslu ilust feel ule trop, at any r;ato I know saile is just one too many, so I thlought I would get a follow to join us, and imake a quartetto instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duets- don't you think it is a good idea, pet ?" "Oh, capital! Only it's no good; Beatrice will never love again." " \Vell, at any rate, Denzil will enter Stain hier ; lie's the best fellc i:s the world \--only camlle back from India last week. I ran up against him irn Bond-street Inst night ; we were delighted to meet again we used' to be thie greatest churns in the wovrldi. Denzil and I." " Denzl ! What a pretty name; it ;sournds otringely famriliar," murmured Glady, " W\Yhat's his other name I" I "Do Lisie-Denzil do Lisle. Why, hr Gladys, what is the matter T' for Gladys d( had sprang to her feet as if by an electric d shock, and now stood looking, flushed and si, eager, at her tall lover. G "' What name ! Say it again, Claude," !c clutching at his armn as he was turning aside. Cl " Denzil de Li- le. Do you know him 7" I r \--this latter in quickl. suspicious tones. to c' Why. how odd yo, rlook .'' th "Do I ?" laughing nervousl. "No, I don't know him--I hare hearrd the name to -nothing ioor,r." to " I don't understand ; what do you mi mean ?" laying a detaining hand ron her - at shoulder. "Nothin." disenrgaging herself "let i I me go ; I will be hI? k directly. I must dh tell Beatrice ;'' wrth which series of words. jerked out one aft-r thoe other, she se fairly took to her holels and ran to the hIrouse, leaving Claude looking after her in angry alllazrernct. c lie lun ado step to follow her, buht A thought better of it, and took out his mn cisar case, lit a fusee, and tried to, quiet ci Ihis imrpatience with theas,, thing influence ot of a picked IHavan. T'ire foll'rwing soa- st itenesa broke frorm him between the purlffs n; of his cigar:- fa " i never saw Gladys so lddl before. I: Now, if I were a j,'alos kind of follow-- t, i repeat, if I were jealousi," this last was h very ciinphatic, accompanied bj kicking a O crma;ll ,pebble into the river, " I should I awear this was somen old lover of hers; bhut it can't be. I'll never believe mily w Gladys, my little white dove, could so do aeive nme." fr Here he took a quick walk along the milniature terrace which overhung the a, river. i " No, I don't believe it, and yet, how u: else account for her suddlen agitation at tl the mentiorn of Denzil's name ? it was that n awhich so affected her, I'll swear-alah, here li comes the fellow himself : I'll tackle " him ;" going to meet him. " le's dlucced a good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an sr lfficer and a gentleman. Ah, smry dear ci fellow," as the two men met and cordially o: shook hands, "you've found ui out. The v cirls will he very glad to see you. What a tr joliy day for a roiv, isn't it ." " Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish w won't bite ; the sun's too bright." h "Oh, the fish are only an excuse. h There'sa one of the prettiest girls in the d world to spoon. Oh, you ineo In't shako your head and try to look solemn ; wait I till you've seen her. I'm sure Mrs. Con- tI way- t " Conwav I" interrrupted the other ann w quickly. " Did you say Conway ?" p Claude's face grew somewhat shadowed, rr as he answered,- h " Yes. Do you know her ?" "I know 'Mrs. Conway once-a very <s pretty girl. Ias she a dauglhter ?" te " Oh, yes ;" eagerly. " Cladys it "That name-it must be the same." a He turned to, Claude and holding out his T hand, said, "Do' you know I have searched ce everywhere for that girl for the last t< two years, but have been unable to hear i of her? Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt." h " She was-didn't you know that she is a dead ? But, tell me, olI fellow, whatdo you a know of Glady's ? Where did you see her? h When ?" r " She is the only woman I ever loved." d rejoined the other. "I love her still, t. thougih leaven knows she treated me i tl alrcr.l..ualy. WV. wore oevywh,5"r' trr,.Cr,,a weitms iher like her own shadow ; she smiled but 1 on me, though then I was poor and she I snrubbed others, men who were rich and t titled--" " Gladys, are you sure it wai Gladys Conway ?" "Sure. Do I know my own face in the glase Not bolter thtan I knew here. Why, man, though I have not seen lir'r for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, c arnd I will dlraw her face, feature for fea- t ture, and line for line, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the to, of my t Dent, and I was mad enough to thmk one I loved rne, when in thespring sunshinee slo pressed her lips to mine and told ume that nothing hut death should part us ; and . then that very evening to write the cruel words she did. sa. ing she was already pledged to liugo Bankside, that I must 1 forget her; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marri;ge, I cursed her in my heart, anrd left London that night, England the next week, and only returned t from India the day before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that B;mnkside is still unmarried, and I made up iny mindi that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from lher lips alone ; and now you tell rme that she is here, and still umnarried. Oh, I shall go nmad with joy, at ?e thought of seeing lher so soon, with the hope that yet shie imy lbe mine. Abh, I felt she could never have been so cruel, so false. I always knew there nlust have been some strange mistake, some-" " Yes, as you say, there had been sonms m: stake, but you nmust excusetre-so sorry -just recllect a n.ost important engage mienit-yon will wait here and see her. Gladys, Miss Conway-give that to her, I ilnst, be off at once." During these disjointed sentences, Claude nhad scribbled a few lines in his pocket-book and then torn out the leaff; Ihe hurriedly folded and handed it to Majolr do Lisle, who observed, for ithie first time, the exceeding pallor of hIris face. "Are you ill, old Iman ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." " No, all right, tlhanks, it's only the shadow frim thie trees;" walh a faint laugh ;" see you again soon. Good Sby." And with quick, decided steps, Ihe was ~elie. " Really, that is too goad of him, to make himrself scarce like this, good old fellow, but I fancied from a word or two that he droppedl the other day, that I was to be introducel this morning to tihe luture Mrs. Meredith, but [suppolse I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to him. anyhow, to give me a chance of see inrll er like this. I wish she would come, iand yet, I dread to think of it, if I should be miistaken again. Ah, my darling, I nldid not knuw how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again t as so runrerved le e; but I musr not mreet \- lher with a gloomy face. Ah, hero she And the strong man actuallyll tremblled witi sullppressedl excitncnrt, but tIle light Sifootsteps hIe had heard was only Gladys, b who felt slightly disconcerted to findl a stranger there, and no sign of Claude what o ever. She advanced, however, 'in her pretty lluttering way, asid held out a tiny hand, wrhiclh Major do Lislo took and cordiallypressedj'foralthough this was ; not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. "?Iajor do Lisile, I presume ?" said Gladys, in her bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinkirngs t swhat a goodlymanithisloverof horcousin's lie was tall 'at slighFh withl a well priopostined ailnd wellbuilt framen, which Slooked renmarkably esduring. Tih face was 1 thatof amnan wholhadthoughtandsuffered; clear olive skin, and wsvisg dark brosu hair,andE'avy,droopingmustache, kindlyi deep brown eyes, that women, little chil dren and animals always trusted at lirst sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. " Yes, that is my name. I came hero by Claude Meredith's invitation, and nowl :l he has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce tmyself. le left. this note for Miss Conwa.'" Gladys looked as he felt, truly as tonished, buthelll out her for haItl t leet ter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. Sle put it into her pocket at once. SClaude gone-without sayi ng..en' d-y. low straingeo ! You don't know ia-re, M.tijor de Lisle, although you are very fa,iili:ir with lmy name. I a:n Gladys Conway, the second." i[e started perceptibly. "The (ladis Conway you know is my colsin, but you will never see her molre'. Alt. foirgive iI,," seriuisly, " I did not Inean to :darln you. You will set my cousin ailmost immlnediatelyt, but titder atn other namte. IOhl, how stupid I ati ! No, she is noti married, bIt hat chang,-d het nano to Iteatrice C tlllerun. It was a fancy of her godfathler's, who left iher a large fortune nit that ecoditito. Str.tuioe to nay, she told Itte, only this miortning, of her friendship with vyou th.r- ..gys a "ro Of coerse, 1 do not know your i3i story, but I am quite sure," with a charming smile, "that one whom G(ladys loved Iiust be worth loving." 'Tell tme only one thing; is Gl1adys still free ?"' he pleaded. " As free as air--.r rather, I shouhtl say, as free as a wonman catn ble who is hoiind up in a love story three years ,ol,. She is inmore lovely, more loviung and tmore loved than ever; but I sin persuadedl she will never imarry--that is, I meanu," with a little questioning look at tier comuaiinion, "she will never mtarry unless you ask her again. I aln certain there itutt il-rve been some mistake. Do you think I ask inl idle curiosity, but for lly cousin--for Gladys' sake-1 ask you straigiihtforwardly, why you sent lier that cruel letter, aid beg you to tell me the truth." She waited in breathles silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into lier ten der ones. W" \hy. I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mtistakeo. that I must forget her, as lie was betrothed to Arthur Iankside, on accnntt o-f his wealth .:d tosition. \Vhat could I, the penniless subaltern inl anl expensive regi meit, reply to, such an app'eal 1 Could I hold her to her word so lightl: given, or even did I do so, would ashe cunsenlt to het so held ? It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered by helief in woman's dia interestedness. I left London that night, and England as soon as i could make the exchIange. Canl you fancy what feelings of Tantalus I had, when the first letters I re ceived from homoe tld tie of my accession to wealth and estates of wlich till that moment I had never dreamed." "But she-- Gladys--never wrote that le'ter you speak of ; it must have been Aunt Kate-- Mrs. Lennox. You know sh was very proud, of Gladys ill a way, and ihad determitned she should make the best nlatch of the season ; but Dr. Banksiito didn't propose till the day after vou left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept on refusaintg hin ever tl,,?,,. ~ it tro Allt Itn;t,, av tturious, 1and packed her oil, then stld there, back to us. to the old house inl Cornwail, where we had lived all oulr lives, and continueed to do no till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his giod daughter, Gla lye Conway-your Gladys, you know-ten thousand a year, andl his estate in Ayrshire, the only plrovisno being that Gladys should taki tie the inre of his mother-lieatr co-and add thereto his own patronymic of Cameron; so that is the whlole luong story told in a fewte words. I will leave Trix to fill in the de tails; cut inow-aire you nttt dying it toee her? Cotnfcssnovw,"added tlitehgiit-hearted girl. "Yes, indeed I amn ; and can I soee her -now--at once 1 " Yes you shan't be kept waiting long, I will go at once anid lind Bieatrice anid send iher to you, Will you conie into thie house, cr see Beatrice here ?" " tere, if shie will come." " I am sure she will; so, once more, nil d,'.perailuhn,," and with a happy laugh, tie girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across the somewhat sombre face of Major do Lisle, and thin a look of hope cause into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too ma:lny to remainil there unuttered, and came forth in dreamy musings. lhis musings were broken by a voice speaking just behind hliml--the one voice ill all the world to hilm. " Gladys told mie- Oh, Denzill at last." The latter portion of tAe sntence was spoken in his armus, witli hlier head, as lihe had so often dreatmed of it, oi his breast. ()ne passionate kiss, wherein all the love and longing of years seemedl to " find expression, and she lay ,quite still, with the tears cctnring lown l tier f face. In vain lie tried to kiss theil away; but she said to let lir sweep, it didrther 3 The paroxysm of .teeping sooti-sest it 3 self, antd Beatrice smiled up into her 1 lover's face. 7 "Now tell me," she said, raising her lihead a little fromi its re.tilng-plce, and clasping onet of his brown hanItds in her two little whiteUL "?-Nw-mit-n-r?-- --;- Denzil, how did ySolfind mio? Ihien dld Styoui come ? \VWhy dtidn't yelt COti before, a 11 ace wanteld vtu o anuiiht1i. " My darling ! andil 1 you-all the a tinte. \lietf I 'receiLed th.lt note froul yoU-" .. " Nosno! h at nteo? ti tc er wrote to you I before you wentawrayDeizil. \tly sliould SI? we saw each uther every day." i "See, darling, this letter, with your Snlonogram oil it." " I never wrote it, Denzil --ntcever," she S interrupted. " Biut how was I to knowt tthat ? I had Snever seen your lhand writing: tven." 1" Oh, Denzil! And aifter I told you lho SI loved you !" S" Ah, dearest lIve, I ,vas mad to doubt : 1 you ; biut'there canll be no true love with t out jealousy, anid did I lnot know everyoiln a woutld envy Ime my pearl, IUv tlower'. When I regeived that cruel note fronti vlo I --as I then.-tlloui-glt--I was stllil!led, t nrtken-hlearted, antd weutti ildi.i at ,tcu, Sanid have been there till six weceks ago Swhlen I was ii'alided lhotne." r TO BE CONSTINUED. At a scientific conference in France, some interesting experiments were madle on hysterical patients with tdrugs whhich wette not actually administered, hbuit were placef Sat the back of the patient's head anil were used without their knowledge. Unser these a circumstances opitm prodluctd sleep, alchel caused drunkenness, and abtsinthe broughtt ton paralysis of the leen. In women, camphor a gave rise to religiotls ecstay, anl, in mten, a cnvunlsions. Many drugt were emnhploycfl and all gave their characteristic effects, thrnee they were all contained in phiala or wrappuie 