Chapter XI.—Lighter than Vanity. " I think father must he a witch," Henrietta said at dinner next day, " or why did he tell me of the Italian lady who was shut in the dower-chest just before Angela and I were lost m—she checked herself at a look from hia , lordship—"in the chimney ?' "It -wants no witch to tell that little girls are foolish and mischievous," answered Fareham. " You ladies must have been vastly black when you came out of your hiding- plgEe," said De Malfort. " I should have been sorry to see so much beauty disguised in soot. Per haps Mrs. Kirkland means to appear in the character of achimney at out* next court masquerade. She would cause as great a stii as Lady Muskerry in all her Babylonia* splendor,_ but for other reasons. Nothing could mitigate the Muskerry's ugliness, anc no disguise could hide Mrs. Angela's beauty,* "What would the costume be?" asked Papillon. - . "Oh, something simple. A long black satin gown and a brick-dust velvet hat, tall and curiously twisted like your Tudor chimney pot ?" " M. le Gomte makes a joke of everything. But what would father have said if we had never been found ?" "I should have said that they are right who swear there is a curse upon all property taken from the Church, and. that the bah fell black upon Chilton Abbey," answered his lordship's grave deep voice from the end of the table, where he sat somewhat apart from the rest, gloomy and silent, save when directly ad dressed. Her ladyship and the- count had always plenty to talk about. They had the past as well as the present for their discourse, and were always sighing for the vanished glories of their youth—in Paris, at Fontainebleau, in Saint Germain. Nor were they restricted to the realities of the present and the memories of the past; they had that' wider world of unreality in which to circulate; they had the Scudery language at the tips of their tongues, the fantastic sentimentalism of that marvellous old maid who invented the seventeenth- century hero and heroine, or who crystallised the vanishing figures of that brilliant age and made them immortal. All that little language of toyshop paltonics had become a natural form of speech with these two. bred and educated in the Marais, while it .was still the select and aristocratic quarter of Paris. To-day Hyacinth and her old playfellow had been chattering like children or birds in a volary, and with little more sense in their conversation ; but at this talk of the Church's ban Hyacinth stopped in her prattle and was almost serious. "I sometimes think we shall have bad luck in this house," she said, " or that we shall see the ghosts of the wioked monks who were turned out to make room for Fareham's great grandfather." " They were very wicked, I believe, for il was one of those quiet little monasteries where the monks could do all manner of evil things, and raise the devil, if they liked, without any body knowing. _ And when Henry the Eighth sent his commissioners they were taken by surprise, and the altar at which they wor shipped Beelzebub was found in a side chapel and a wax figure of the king stuck with arrows, like Saint_ Sebastian. The abbot pretended it was Saint Sebastian, but nobody believed him." "Nobody wanted to believe • him," said Fareham. "The king made an example of Chilton Abbey and gave it to my worthy ancestor, who was a fourth cousin of Jane Seymour's and had turned Protestant to plea$e his royal master- He went back to the Church of Rome on his deathbed, and we 'Revels have been Papists ever since. I wish the Church joy of us." The Church has neither profit nor honor from you." said his wife, shaking her fan at him. "You seldom go to mass; you never go to confession." " I would, rather keep my sins to myself and atone for them by the pangs of a wounded con science. That is too easy a religion which shifts the burden of guilt on to the shoulders of a stipendiary priest and walks away from the confessional absolved by the payment of a few extra prayers." "I believe you are either an infidel or a Puritan." "A cross between the two, perhaps—a mongrel in religion, as I am a mongrel in politics." Angela looked up at him -with sad eyes, re proachful, yet full of pity. She remembered his wild talk, semi-delirious some of it all feverish and excited, during his illness,'and how she'had listened with aching heart to the ravings of one so near death and so unfit to die. And now that the pestilence had passed him by, now that he was a strong man a<*ain with half a lifetime before him herheart was still heavy for him. She who sat at the play of life as a spectator had discovered that her sister's husband was not happy. The trifles that delighted Hyacinth left Fareham un amused and discontented, and his wife knew not that there was anything wanting to his fehcity. She could go on prattling like a child could be m a fever about a fan or a bunoh o'f ribbons, could talk for an hour of a new plav or the contents of the French gazette, while ho sat gloomy and apart. The sympathy, the companionship that should he in marriage were wanting here. | Angela saw and deplored this distanee, scarce | daring to touch so delicate a theme, fearful i lest she, the younger, should seem to sermonise j the elder ; and yet she could not be silent for ever while duty and religion urged her to speak. At Chilton Abbey the sisters were rarely alone. Papillon was almost always^ with them, and De Malfort spent more of his life in at tendance upon Lady Fareham than at Oxford, where he was supposed to be living. Mrs. Lettsome and her brother were frequent guests, and coachloads of fine people came over from ths court almost every day. Indeed t was only Fareham's character—austere as Clarendon's or Southampton's—which kept the finest of all company at a distance. Lady Castlemaine had called at Chilton in her coach and four early in July, and her visit had not been returned—a slight which the proud beauty bitterly resented ; and from that time she had lost no opportunity of depreciating Lady Fareham. Happily her jests, not over refined in quality, had not been repeated to Hyacinth's husband. One January afternoon the longed-for opportunity came. The sisters were sitting alone in front of the vast mediaeval chimney, where the abbots of old had burnt their sur plus timber. Angela, busy with her em broidery frame, working a satin coverlet for her niece's bed ; Hyacinth yawning over a volume of Cyrus, in whose stately pages she loved to recognise the portraits of her dearest friends and for which she was a living key. Angela was now familiar with the famous romance, which she had read with deepest in terest enlightened by her sister. As au Eastern story—a record of battles and sieges evolved from a clever spinster's brain, an account of men and women who had never lived—the book might have seemed passing dull; but the j story of actual lives of living breathing beauty and valor that still burnt in warrior breasts, I the keen and clever analysis of men and women who were making history, could not fail to interest an intelligent girl to whom all things in life were new. Angela read of the siege of Dunkirk, where Fareham had fought; of the tempestuous weather, the camp in the midst of salt marshes and quicksands, and all the sufferings and perils of life in the trenches. He had been in more than one of those battles which mademoi selle's conscientious pen depicted with such graphic power, the Gazette at her elbow as she wrote. The names of battles, sieges, generals had been on his lips in his delirious ravings. He had talked of the taking of Charentou, the key to Paris, a stronghold dominating Seine and Marne ; of Clanlen, the. brave defender of the fortress; Chatillon, who led the charge— both killed there—Chatillon the friend of Conde, who wept bitterest tears for a loss that poisoned victory. Read by these lights, the " Grand Cyrus" was a book to be pored over, a book to dread over in the grey winter dusk, reading by the broad blaze of the logs that flamed and crackled on wrought-iron standards surmounted with an abbot's mitre. Just as merrily the blaze had spread its ruddy light over the room when it was a monkish refectory and when the droning of a youthful brother reading aloud to the fraternity as they ate their supper was the only sound, except the clattering of knives and grinding of jaws. (To be continued.) 