Juan's Slayer- An awful crime has been committed at Ortiz. The wealthy Juan Perea, he whom everybody liked, had been found dead at his own door. Where was the murderer, and who could it be that would kill such a good old man, and rob him too? That was the worst of it. There was no clue by which they could work, aud the officers who came up from Guaymas went home again at the end of a week, weary of their nseless task. The good padre, who buried the murdered man out in the desolate graveyard of sand and cactus, where the sun was so hot it cracked all the wooden crosses, said a prayer that the villian might be brought to justice. But he had little hope that he would be. " He has disappeared so completely the devil must be protecting him." said the old women, as they filed out through a broken space in the crumbling wall that did duty as a gate. " Poor old Juan is dead, and he who murdered him is enjoying the blood- stained gold he took from his pockets," is what they thought as they slowly walked home after the last sad words had been said. They parsed the home where the dead man had lived for so many years, and shuddered when they saw the dark spot on the ground— stained with the blood of Juan that flowed from the ghastly knife-wound in his back. Far away from Ortiz, in a beautiful village of tbe Sierra Madre, a young man had been trying for weeks to forget something— trying to convince himself that he had not committed a great crime. He had plenty of gold and the love of a beautiful maiden if he could only forget yes, forget that he had killed his fathar. He could forget it if it was not for (hat strange whirring sound like the flapping of wines that constantly haunted him. He fiist heard it just as he struck the fatal blow, and since then it has never ceased day or night. What was that? Surely not the wind. And, if it was not, why should Leonard Perea be afraid of a sound—he who had faced wild beasts and fought Indians 1 But he turned over in bed and pulled the clothes over his head to keep away the sound that. awful sound that first whirred like a flock of pigeons and then died away like an infant's wail. " I'm sure it has nothing to do with the killing .of the old man," said Leonard to himself, but somehow the whole scene would come up before him Again he was riding along the road to see the father he had deserted years ago. He was not going because he wanted to see the good old man, but because he wanted money. Money ha must have at any cost. It was long past m d- night when he knocked at the door and his father came out to greet him, Leonard remembers distinctly, and when he asked for money took out a bag and gave him a good quantity of gold. But it was not enoughhe must have it all. It was such an easy thing to do. Only a thrust with the knife as the old man turned to go into the house after bidding him farewell, and the gold was his. But what was that whirring sound ? The village was in darkness, but it followed him as he sped down the street to his horse, and kept near him as he flew over the country, farther and farther away from his crimc. No, he never got away from it. The sound was always with him. Ugh! There it was again, and Leonard pulled the blankets over his head. Morning came but the whirring sound came with it. At night it was nearer than in the daytime, but it nevar cease?). " I won't pay any attention to it to-day," said Leonard to himself as he went for his breakfast. " I am sure it is nothing and has nothing to do with me." It was a beautiful day, and the sun had nearly reached its zenith. Leonard threw himself down on the ground in tbe shale of a tree to get a little sleep that he had been deprived of in the night, but had scarcely closed his eyes— " Whir—flap, flap—whir.'.' " Ugh," " Whir. Flap." Leonard felt a cold breeze fan his cheek as he jumped to his feet,"but there was nothing near him. He was alone. By night Leonard's brain was in a whirl. The sound was everywhere. Surely it was his father's ghost. Angels had wings, and the old man's spirit must be passing^through the ro}m. " Let me out of this. I don't want the gold," and Leonard flung the yellow bag of coin out of the window. Over" the hills and mountains he sped, he knew not where. But the sound was with him. Again he was in the street before his father's house. Oh, if the old man were only alive, he could surely prevent the terrible sound! Somebody was coming, but Leonard hid in a shadow until they passed. " Anyhow, they don't know I did it," he thought. '• Whir, whir—flap, flap." This time it was closer than it had been before. Surely that was a dark -form flying through the air. " I'm not a bit frightened," the murderer thought, trembling in every limb. The dark foim in the air drew nearer and nearer, and the flapping, whirring souDd was fast and furious. " Keep away, fiends!" yelled Leonard, and he thought he saw a dark, wicked form, with cloven foot and spiked tail. He covered his face with his hands and screamed with agony. The dark form came nearer. " Mercy, mercy! " he howled. " Awful forms of darkness, keep away ! It was not I who killed him ! " The flapping and whirring were close to him, and Leonard could see a pair of dark wings spread as If to enfold him. He struck out with his hand and struggled wildly, but the wings came closer and closer. He felt clawe-- scratching his face and heard wings beating the air. Surely the devil had him. A pain shot through his eyes, everything grew black, and it seemed as if the flames of hell were seething round him. He ceased struggling, and lay still in death. The next morning the people of Ortiz found him lying in the same spot where his father's dead body had been discovered. The people were almost crazy with fear. The old padre' shook his head and crossed himself. It was while they were carrying the body into the house that old Manual noticed poor Julian's pet black eagle, that had been missiDg since he was killed, sitting on a wall near by. His feathers were torn and ragged, and he seemed interested in what was going on. But of course the eagle hid nothing to do with the death of Leonard—at least that is what the padre said. Mr.W. S. Gilbert, the dramatic author, was the defendnnt in a recent action for libel. The plaintiff was Anna, Comtesse de Bihmont. widow of a New York physician, and now engaged as an authoress and journalist. Wishing to obtain an interview with Mr. Gilbert, she wrote to him. He replied that his terms were 20 guineas, whereupon the lady wrote that she anticipated the pleasure of writing his obituary notice for nothing. The defendant then wrote to the newspapers in terms which the plaintiff contended were libellous ; but Mr. Gilbert repudiated any inieniion to reflect upon her reputation. The jury found a verdict for the defendant, and in regard to a letter written to the editor of a weekly paper upon which the plaintiff was emp'oyed, Lord Russell held that it was privileged. " For the life of me I can't see why people think it so comical a thing for a man to get married," complained the young man who was on his bridal tour. " Nor me, neither," remarked the passenger with the white whiskers: "An I may state furder that I been marrit twelve years." —San Francisco Call. 