A LIFE SENTENCE. CHAPTER XXIII. (B Y ADELINE SERGEANT.) I don’t know how it is, grumbled the General, but Enid looks scarcely any better than she did before this precious engags ment of hers. You made me think that she troaJd be perfectly happy If she had her own way; bat I must say, Connie, that I see no improvement.* Connie, lying on a sofa, and holding a (an over her eyes, as though to Bhni out the tight of her husband r B bowed shoulders aod venerable white head, answered languidly:— ‘You forget that yon did only half of what you were expected to do. ■ You would not oooeent to a definite engagement until ehe should be eighteen years old; ahe is eighteen now, and yet you are holding back. Suspense of snob a eort iB very trying to a girl.' & The General, who had been standing beside her, eat down in a large arm-cbair, and looked very vexed. ‘ldon't care,* he eaid, obstinately—‘l’m not going to have my little girl disposed of bench a hurr.y. She shall not be engaged to anybody just yet; and until Bhe is 20 or 21 ehe shan’t be married. Why, she’s had no girlhood at all. She’s only just out of the schoolroom now. Eighteen is nothing.’ •Waiting and uncertainty are bad for a girl’s spirits,' said ’Mrs Vane. ‘ Yon can do as yon please, of course, about her engage ment, bat you must not expect her to look delighted aver the delay.’ Tbs General put bis hands on his knees and leaned forward mysteriously. ‘Coooie,’ he eaid, 'I don’t wish to make yon soiions, dear; bnt do yon think Hubert resllycare6 for her?’ Coooie lowered her fan; there was a touob of angry color in her face. ’ What are yoa going to say next, General ? Why should Hubert have asked Enid to ' marry him if he were not in love with her! . fie had, no donbt, plenty of opportunities of asking other people. * Yea—yeß; but Euid ib very eweet and very lovely, my dear. Yon don't often gee a more beautiful girl, I should not like her to marry a man who was not attached to her.’ Connie controlled her anger, and qpoke in 4 Careless tone. ‘What makes yon take such fancies in your head, dear?’ * Well—more than one thing. To begin with, I found Enid wandering up and down the conservatory just now, looking as pale as a ghost, with tear 9 in her eyes. I rallied her a little, and asked her to tetl me what was the matter; but ehe would not Bay. And then I asked if it had anything to do with Hubert, and whether ehe had heard from him lately; and do yon know, Connie, she has had no letter from him for a fort night ] Now, in my day, although postage was dearer than it is now, we wouldn’t have waited a fortnight before writing to the women that We loved.’ 'Hubert is a very bußy man; he has not time for the writing of love-letters, 1 said Connie, slightly. * He ought not to be too busy to make her happy.’ ‘Yon forget too,’ said Mrs Vane, ‘that Hubert has no private fortune. He is work ing harder than ever juat now—toiling with all his might and main to gain a competency —not for bis own, but for Enid's sake. Poor boy, he ia often harraßßed on all sides I' She drew a little sigh, as if she were Bor rowing for him. ’l’m enre Enid does not harasß him,’ Bsid the General, getting op and pacing abont thu room in a burry; ‘ Bhe ia sweet ness itself. And, as to money, why did bn propose to her if he hadn’t enough to keep her on? Of course Enid will have a nice little fortune—be needn’t doubt that; bnt I shall tie it up pretty tightly when ehe mar ries, and settle it all upon herself. Yon may tell him that from me if you like, with my compliment.’ The General waß excited—be Was hot and breathing hard. ‘ He must have an income to pnt against it—that’s all; he’s not going to live on his wife’s fortnne.’ ‘Poor Hubert—l don’t suppose he ever thought of such a thing,’ said Connie, affecting to laugh at her husband’s vehem eeoe, but weighing every word ehe uttered wUb scrupulous care. ‘lodged, if he had known that ehe would hare money, I don’t suppose he would over have asked her to •carry him. He believed her to be all but penniless,' ‘And what right bad he to believe that ?’ shouted the General,looking more apoplectic than ever. At which Connie softly sighed, and said, ’’Sly nerves, dear 1’ closed her eyes,atrdheld j 8 vinaigrette to her nose. The General was quieted at once. ‘X beg yonr pardon, my dear—l forgot that I must not talk so loudly in your room,’' hs said, apologetically. ‘ But my foelinge get the better of me when I thiok of my Poor little Enid looking so white and mourn fol. Aod so Hubert’s working hard for her, is be? Poor lad} Of oourse, I shall not forget him either in my will—you can tell him so if you like—and Eoid’s future is assured; bnt he must not neglect her— mustn't let her shed tears aqd make those blue eyes pf hers dim—you must tell him that.’ ‘lhe General grows more and more foolish every day,’ said Connie to herself, with disgust—“ a garrulous old detard J' But she spoke very sweetly. "I will talk him if von like, dear; bnt I I do not think he means to hurt or negloot poor Eoid. He is coming down to-morrow •to spend Easter with ns; that will please »or, will it not? I have been keeping it a Be cret from her; I wonted to give her a sur prise. It will bring the color back t« her P»ie affeeks—will it not, yoa kind, oympv tuotio old dear ? iatd caressingly on the General’s arm. The old soldier rose to the bait. He raised it at onoe to his mouth, and kissed it as devoutly na ever he bad saluted the hand of hiß Queen. ‘ My dear, ha said, ‘ you are always right; you are a wonderful woman—so clever, bo beautiful, so good !’ Hid ahe not shiver as she heard the words? ‘I will leave it in —you know how to manage every ‘Dear Richard,’ said Connie, with a faint smile, ‘ all that I do is for your sake.' And with these words she dismissed him radi antly happy. Left to her own meditations, the expres sion of her face changed at once; it grow stern, hard, and cold; there was an unyield ing look abont the lineß of ber features which reminded one of the fixity of s mask or a marble statue. She lay perfectly motiouless for a time, her eyes fixed on the wall before her; tfaen she pat np ber hand and touched a bell at her side. Almost immediately the door opened to admit ber maid—a thin, upright woman with dark eyes and curly, dark hair dis posed so as to bide the tell-tale wrinkles on ber brow and the crow’s feet at the corners of her eyes. She ware pink bows and a Btnart little cap and apron of youthful style; but it would have been evident to the eye of a keen observer that she was no longer yonog. She closed the door behind her and came to her mistress’s side. Constance paused for a minute or two, then spoke,.in a voice of so harsh and metallic a quality that her husband would scarcely have recognised, it as hers.- ‘You have been neglecting your duty. Yon have not made any report to me for nearly a week.’ ‘ You have not asked me for one, ma’am.’ ‘ I do not expeot to have to aßk you. You are to oome to me whenever there is any thing to say.’ The woman Btood silent; bnt there was a protest in her very bearing, in the pose of her handß, the expression of her mouth and eyebrows. Connie looked at her onoe, then turned her head away and Baidt— -4 Go on.’ ‘ There is nothing of importance to tell you, ma'am.’ ‘ How do yon know what is important and what is not? For instance, Miss Enid was found by the General crying in the conserva tory this morning, I want to know why she cried.’ The maid—whose name waa Parker— Boiffed significantly as she replied:— ‘ It’s not easy to tell why young ladies cry, ma’am. The wind’s in the east—per haps that haß something to do with it.’ ‘ Oh., very well,’ said Mrs Vane, coldly, ‘lf the wind is in the east, and that is all, Parker, you had better flod some position in the world in which your talents will be of more ueo to you than they are to me. I will give you a month’s pay instead of the usual notice, and you can leave Beechfield to night.’ The maid’s face tnrned a little pale. ‘fm sure I beg pardon, ma’am,’she eaid rather hurriedly; * I didn’t mean that I had nothing to say. I—l’ve Berved yon as well as I could, ma’am, ever BiDCB I came.’ There was something npt unlike a tear in her beady black eyes. ‘Have yon?' - said her mistresß, indif ferently. ‘ Th'en let me hear what yon havo been doing daring the last few days. If your notoB are not worth hearing’—she made a long pause, which Parker felt to be ominous, and then continued calmly— ‘ there IS a train to London to-night, and no doubt your mother will be glad to see you, character or no character.’ ‘ Oh, ma’am, you wouldn’t go for to bs so .cruel, would you ?’ cried Parker the unwise, evidently on the verge of a flood of tears. ‘ Without a oharaoter, ma’am, I’m sure I couldn't get a goad place, and you know my mother has only what I earn to live upon. You wouldn’t turn me off at a moment’s notice for ’ ‘ You are wasting a good deal of time,’ Baid Connie, coldly. ‘Say what you have to eay, and I will be the judge whether you have or have not obeyed my orders. Where are your notes ?’ * Smothering a sob, Parker drew from her pocket a little black book, from which she proceeded to read aloud. But her voica was so thick, her articulation so indistinct by reason of her half-snppressed emotion, that presently, with an exclamation of im patience Mrs Vane turned aud took the book straight out of her hands. - _ - ‘You read abominably, Parker,’ she said. ‘Where is it? Let mo see. “Sunday”—oh, yeß, I know all about Sunday!—“Church, Sunday school, church—aß usual.” What's this? “ Mr Evandale walked home with Miss E. from afternoou school.” I never heard of that 1 Where were you ? ’ ‘ Walking behind them, ma’am.’ ’ Could you hear anything? What do your notes say? H’ml’ ‘ They walked very slow and spoke soft—could not hear a word. At the Park gates Mr E. took her hand and held it while he talked. Misß E. seemed to be crying. The hist thing he said was, ‘ You know you may always trust me.’ Then he went down the road again, and Miss E. oame home. Monday—Mies E. very pale and down-like. Indoors all morn ing teaching Master D. Walked up to the village with him after bis dinner; went to tho schools; saw Mr E. and walked along the lane with him. Mr E. seemed more cheerful, and made her laugh several times. The rest of the day Miss E. spent indoors. Tuesday—Miss E, teaching Master Dick till 12\. Riding with the master till 2. Lunch and needlework till 4. Mr Evandale came to call.” ‘Why was I never told that Mr Evan dale oame to call?’ said Connie, starting up a little and fixing her eyes, bright with a wrathful red gleam in their brown depths, upon the shrinking maid. 1 1 don’t know, ma’am. I thought that you had been told.’ Connie sank back amongst her cushions, biting her lip; but she resumed her reading without further comment. ‘ “Stayed an honr; part of the time with Miss E- alone, then with the master. Little Master Dick in and out most of the time. Nothing special, as far as I oould tell. Wednesday.—Miss E. walked with Master Dick to the village after lessons. Went into Misß Meldrotli’s shop to buy sweets, but did not stay more than a few minutes. Passed the Rectory gate; Mr E. oame running after them with a book. I was near enough to see Miss E. color up beautiful at the sight of him. They did not talk much together. In the afternoon Miss E. rode over to Whitminster with the General. After tea- ” ‘ Yes, I see,’ said Mra Vane, suddenly stopping short, ‘ there is nothing more of any importance.’ She lay silent for a time with her finger between the pages of the note-book. Parker waited, trembling, not daring to speak until ehe was spoken to. < Take your book,’ said Mrs Vane at last, ‘ and be careful. No, you need not go into ecstaoies’—seeing from Parker’s clasped hands that she waß about to utter a word of gratitude. ‘ I ehall keep yon no longer than you are useful to me-—do yon understand ? Go on following Mies Vane; I want to know whom Bhe sees, where she goes, what she does—if possible, wliat she talks about. Does she get letters—letters, I mean, besides those that come in the post-bag?* * I don’t know, ma’am.’ ‘Make it your business to know, then. You can go;’ and Connie turned away her face, so as uot to see Parker’s rather blun dering exit, . if • The woman laft-fool,* fib© said to berßslt ?oontemptuoußly, when Parker had gone; ’but I think she is—so far—a faithful fool. These women who have made a muddle ef their lives are admirable tools; they are always so afraid of being found out; and Connie smiled cynically, although at the Bame moment she was conscious that ahe shared the peculiarity of the whom she spoke —ahe also was afraid of being found She had oome across Parker before her marriage, when Bhe was in Scotland. _ The woman had then been detected in theft, and in an intrigue with one of the grooms, and had been ignominionßly dismissed from Ber ' vice; bnt Connie had chosen to seek her out and befriend her—not from any oharitable motive, but because she saw to the dis corded maid a person whom it.might be use ful to have at beck and oall. Parkers bed ridden mother was dependent upon her; and her ans foar in life was that this mother should get te know her tans story aud be deprived of support. Upon this foar Mrs Vane traded very skilfully; and having n»Bt»llcd Parker in the place of lady’s maid to herself end her hus band's niece, she obtained accurate informa tion Concerning Enid’s movements and actions, Bnpplied from a source which Euid never even suspected. Such knowledge was generally very use ful to Connie; bnt at present she was troubled by certain items of news brought to her by Parker. ' What does this constant meeting with Mr Evandale mean ?' she Raked herself. Then her thoughts went back to the day of Mrs Meldreth’s death—a day which she never remembered without a shudder. She knew very well that the poor -old woman had bitterly repented of her share in a deed to which her daughter Sabina and Mrs Vane had urged her; it had been as much as Mrs Vane and Sabina, by their united efforts, could do to make her hold her tongue, No fear of the General’s vengeance, of Sabina’s disgrace, of punishment of any kind, would have ensured her silence very much longer. The old woman had said again aud again that she oould not bear—in her own words— ‘ to see Misß Enid kep’ out of her own.’ She used to come to Connie's boudoir aud Bit there crying and entreating that Bhe might be allowed to tell the General the truth. She did not seem to oare when she was reminded that she herself would pro bably be punished, and that Sabina and Mrs Vane had nothing but ruin before them if the troth were known. She had the fear of death on her soul—the fear that her sin would bring her eternal misery. •‘■Yon are a wickedly selfish woman 1 ’ Connie once said to her, with aB near an approach to passion as her temperament would allow. ‘You think of nothing but your own salvation. Our ruin, body and Bonl, does not matter to you.’ And indeed this was true. The terrors of the law had gotten hold of Mrs Meldreth’s conscience. The avenging sword, carried by a religion in which she believed, had pierced her heart. She wonld have given everything she bad in the world to be able to follow the advice given in her Prayer Book, to go to a ‘ dis oreet and learned minister of God’s Word ’ —Mr Evandale, for instance—and quiet her conscience by opening her grief to him. But both Sabina and Mrs Vane were pre pared to go to almost any length before they would give her the chance of doing this. Mrs Vane was of course the leading spirit of the three. Where Sabina only raved and stormed, Mrs Vane mocked and persuaded. She argued, threatened, oonxed, bribed, in turns. She gave Mrs Meldreth as much money as she oould spare, and promised more for the future; but the poor woman— at first open to persuasion—grew mire and difficult to restrain and became at last almost imbecile from the pressure of her 'secret upon her mind. Connie had begun seriously to consider the expediency of in ducing Sabina to consign her mother to a lunatic Asylum, or even to employ violent means for the shortening of her days on earth—there waa nothing at. which her soul would have revolted if ber own prosperity could have been secured by it; but Mrs Meldreth’e natural illness and death removed all necessity for extreme measures. Nothing indeed would have been more for tunate for Connie and her accomplice than Mrs Meldreth’s death, had it not been for the circumstance that the dying woman had seen both Enid Vane and Mr Evandale dur ing her last moments. Connie wandered angrily why Sabina had been so foolish ns to admit them. She bad heard nothing from Enid, who had kept her room for a oouple of days after her return from Mrs Meldreth’s death-bed; but she was certain that something waa now known to the girl which had now been known before. Connie had tried to question her. to reprove her even for going into the houses of the sick poor; but there had been a look in the girl’s eyes, a frozen defiance and horror in her face, which made Mrs Vane shriuk back aghast. Though silent and not very demonstrative in manner, Enid had hitherto never shown any dislike to Connie, and had been as scru pulously attentive to her wishes ae if she had been still a child; but these duyß of passive obedience wero past. Enid now quietly did what she ohose. She Beldom spoke to Con stance at all; and on several occasions she had maintained her own purpose and choice with a calmness and steadfastness which had almost terrified Mrs Vane. Who would have thought that Enid had a character ? The girl had emancipated hereelf from all control without words, without open rebel lion; she had looked Connie straight in the face once or twioe, and Connie had been compelled to yield. Yes, Enid knew something—Bhe was Bure of that; how much she could not tell. She had never questioned Sabina Meldreth in person about the rcene at her mother’s death- bed—on principle, Connie spared her self all painful and exciting interviews; but ehe had had a few lines from Sabina—sent to Becchfield Hall on the day of ber mother’s funeral. ‘Miss Vane knows something—l don’t know how much,’ Sabina had written. ‘The parßOn wantß to know, but couldn’t get to bear. Mayba Miss Vane has told him. If she has, the parish won’t hold you nr me.’ ‘ Abominably brusque and rude !' Connie said to herself, as she drew the scrap of paper from its hiding place. ‘But one can not mould clay without soiling one’s fingers, I suppose. It is months since Mrs Meldreth died, and evidently Enid knows less than I supposed, or has made up her mind to keep the secret. Bat what do those meetings with Mr Evandale mean ? Is she confiding her troubles to him, then? The little fonl 1 I must see Sabina Meldreth, and Hubert too. What a good tiling I had written to him to come—though not for the sake of pleasing Miss Enid, ns the Geueral fondly aupposee. I must send for Sabinn.’ But the wish seemed to have brought nbout its own fulfilment. At that very moment Parker knocked at her mistress’s door. ‘ Will yon see Miss Meldreth, ma’am ? She Bays she would like n few words with you, if yon ean sea ber. She's downstairs.' ‘ Bring Sabina Meldreth to me,’ said Mrs Vane. [To be continued next Saturday.) 