BY THRASNA BIYB1. iflttAPTER XI.— rr,ahtinued.V In the street -which leads from ifoe ttiarket Ihouse to the river, we sat down in a little parlor where dinners were served 'by an en terpi ising citizen wlio, for iiie day, Md turn ed his home into an eatine-homse. The room was crowded and hot, ? the fare (steaks, bread, and tea) coarse if abundant, the com pany not refined: etui it was pleasant (for one of us at least) to watch the feasters at their monthly revel — their reward for work ing hard, living poorly, and haggling long in the market-place. These were the lucky ones of the fair (the unlucky were away get ting royally drunk for sixpence), and there foro entitled, one thought, to smack their lips and laugh heartily, and discuss loudly, and (for once) to eat abundantly. 'Hello, Mr. Farmer,' called big Ned Noble from the end of our table. 'How's yirself eow?' I answered that I was welL 'An' yar friend now,' continued1 Ned- ''how's he? Oh, first-rate, I thought. 'Hasn't ihe a tongue?' roared Ned. Harry flushed and looked away. 'Eh?' continued Ned (who no doubt was striving to satisfy M9 own curiosity, as well as the curiosity of the rest of the company, as to Harry's identity). 'Is he a dummy?' 'No, Ned,' I answered, 'but he's a gentle man.' The retort was lost 'Ho! ho,' said Ned. 'I'm glad to hear it, troth — sure no one'd take him for a lady. No offence, Jan, no offence; I was only giv ing ye me regards. . '. . Well, glory be to God for good vittels an' teeth to ate them. Jamenty king! lads, but I sowld that baste weLL 'Nine pound,' sez ivery one, 'no more ye'i1 get, Ned Noble.' 'Won't I?' sez I; an' damme I did! Ten sovereigns, sirs, down in. me fist, tliat's the price ...' Presently Harry (who could make little of the coarse provender and was busy ob serving, as he called it) nudged my elbow and begged of me to look down the table. Ned had finished dinner, and beside ih-itn Ms Wife was carefully gathering the fragments of the feast into a red pockethandkerchief first the heel of a loaf, then a piece of butter, then the contents of the sugar-basin, lastly, on top of all, a strip of steak, over which the handkerchief was firmly knotted, and a tidy bundle fashioned into the size and shape corresponding with a corner in the woman's 'basket. 'Thank God for enough,' said she, and rose with a sigh of perfect satiety, 'an' thank God for a trifle to take to the cMLder. Come, Ned, it's gettiri' late. Good mornin' to ye all, an' Heaven send us as good a fair this day month;' saying which she passed our. with Ned swaggering at her heels. We paid our reckoning and left the parlor. Tiie fair was over. Down the street the l)ut ter-firMns were being rolled to the packing JioKses; the cattle -were coming wearily from the fair green; men were beginning to reel ou the pavements and clutch clumsily at the walls; women were hunting in the public housx?s for their husbands; sober-minded people wereflsetting their faces homeward: business 'was done; it remained now for Bunn to give testimony in favor of the glo rious strength of its whisky. We started to look for Thady Sheeran; but half-way down Main-street I caught sight of a very red dress and a straight active figure beneath a big straw hat. 'Oh,' said I hurriedly, 'Thady's safe enough. Come away lionie, Harry.' CHAPTER XH. Once out of the crowded streets and breathing the freshness of the fields and the sweetness of new mown hay, Harry and I turned our thoughts to ourselves and each other; revived for a little Wibile (for the sub ject was unpleasant) memories of Dublin and my ill-starred doings there, passed therefrom to a discussion on things literary, came at last and inevitably to some chance remark which set Harry's tongue wagging in an impassioned monologue that' silenced the birds in the hedges for ten furlongs along the road. That took us to Multy Bridge (beyond wlt;cl» is Bilboa). and there we rested, swing ius; our legs from the parapet, and looking out across the reeds and willows upon a re jrion of hills, whins, rushes, poplars, and little white houses. Harry pushed his hat back on his head and drew a deep, long breath. Ah, that was what ids soul thirst- ? ed for — quiet, freshness, nature 'unadorned and plain. Who would not prefer a crust and freedom to the life of a pampered city cage-bird? Yes, a man could do justice to his manhood in the country, there Ms soul was his own; in the town he was a slave and a woman. 'You know, Harry,' said I, 'a man of your experience must know — still, if you're so much in love with the country, there's one ready to change places with you.' 'Really, Jan?' 'Yes; any time you like Til be the slave and the woman, and you can live at Emo yonder on bread and tea and bacon till your heart's content.' But— but he thought I was quite content? So I was— in a way. I had the appetite of a. horse, and the strength of an ass; there* tqs little to bother me, and I had a whole ttmn-land for my own. Still, I could be more content. 'Believe me, Jan,' said Harry, and laid his hand on my arm; 'believe me, you're happier as you are. Perfect health and no cores— why the Queen on her throne would envy you.' 'Maybe; if she thought a cow happy with only eating and sleeping to think about Bah! she has more sense. Can't she do ?what she likes? Give me the chance of a -.hrcne.'' 'Eating and sleeping? 'But you have more, much more than these to think about Tour books, your books, Jan! 'Bound these, with tendrils strong as flesh and blood, our pas time and our happiness will grow.' ' 'Yes, I know; they're lying on the floor ponder, all dust and cobwebs. Hal and I, vvben we have a tiff, ^fling them at each other across the table. It's truth. Some limes, troth, I fall asleep over Shakspere — ' 'Pall asleep over Shakspere!' cried Harry. 'Oil, impossible! Jan, cease joking.' 'Joking indeed— well, I wish I was always as serious in church. I tejl ye, Harry, I don't care a pipe's shank for books now; since I came to Emo I haven't studied one liour.' 'Not studied! And you're forgetting all you learnt?' 'As fast as I can.' 'And why, in. heaven's name?' '1 dunno; when I'm working ISiere's no time, when I'm idle I'm too lazy. There's Something in the air— I dunno, I 4§]i ye— I don't care a bucky.' 'Dear me,' groaned Harry,' 'dear me! And you were doing so feejl at home.' 'At the poetry and the essays?' 'Yes, they showed prpjnjse. Bo yon never write anything now? No? Ye gods! lifiw can any one haying once liked books and felt the joys of composition' (map JTar ry!) 'grow so callous, so stultified? OIL! it I is rot to be understood.' ?. ' ; 'I agree, Harry, I agree. Still, -when you. have to cook your own dinner and wash; -'our own plates, and the ghosts send you quick to bed— ah, you'll poop. Ipiow, Harry, ni'1 son.' Harry ehoofe his Bjead decisively. Nor no; I ?'??? would never know. . Among -the flowers, I under the clear sky— ah. might Providence I some day grant him the privilege to- Uye I t'ver with Nature, to hold communion with I til? souls of poets dead and gono ? ' I ']3h?' ??.,-.'? i ,. .' ?;? -? v, -„ I 'Some day,' \gaja Hairy,, loc&Jjng; vajgai^ I ousiv out across tfte'/wWlows, *'fU '&&?& ? ft; I little house in a little garden, and there I I &all; live with my booka^-Mye twuiitiMUy I 8-Qfl alone. Every odd holiday I fcad whilst in Dublin,' and Harry's eyes sought t!he dis tant mountain. 'I spent with my books out on the hiUs, by the rivers, among the furze, above the eternal murmur of the sea. I can* remember, ev-en now,- the books I read in those precious hours; ay! even the passages ?Chat most delighted me. Could I say that of my reading in other places, In the midst of noise and turmoil, the mind weary, the spirit bruised?' He epoke as though he ex pected an answer; and in the p'ause that came I had before me a vivid picture of Harry striding along the sea-'shore and hurl in? poetry to the wind. 'Ah, well,' said I, after a little, 'you know best, Harry. To my mind the most natural thing to do out of doors is to fish and shoot and go to sleep in the sun when you're tired. These blends of Nature and thinking may be all very well, but they make me think of Wee James's story about a man in Bilboa once -who used to blend his tea— Orange Pekoe with Souehongj I think it was — andjhe died in a madhouse. Then,' I went on, 'slipping off the wall, 'just look at that man taking the width of the road with Mm; ihe'e got a blend inside him too, of good water and bad whisky. Come on, Harry, come on; we've jibbered enough.' Platitudes by Harry on things theatrical took us to Thrasna Bridge^ and there a cart clanked up behind, passed, then stopped suddenly and jolted Henry Marvin's head from its place against the tailboard right up among the baskets and groceries, and sent the poor man's hands clutching feebly at his daughter's skirts. 'Annie,' said he, 'wha'— wha'— th' Washes V — doin'?' Annie dropped the reins, turn ed, under her big parasol, and looked down at her father. 'Go to sleep,' she shouted, 'go to sleep, an' be quiet' 'Ah'll not go shxtep.' he murmured, as his head fell for ward. 'Ah'll not— not be quiet Aa'll not — (not — ' '1 see you sold your pigs, Moss Marrin,' I said, as Annie turned once more and looked down at us. 'I did, Mr. Farmer. . Ah, you're a knowin; pair o' shavers! Why did ye hotn ran away from the fair so soon? 'Feord o' the girls, 2 suppose! Troth, ye've need, both o' ye'* She looked hard at Harry. 'An' how did ye like Bunn, Mr. Thomson? Iver eeen the like ha your travels before, now?' -'?Oh, I was greatly interested.' said Har ry; 'it was a great— treat for me.' 'What d'ye call it?' said she. 'A treat— oh, ay! that's what ye promised me an' didn't give me. Well, no odds. Here, told oat your hands; I'll not be mean anyhow.' Like a pair of schoolboys we held our hands up and received each a fistful of lo zenges. 'There now,' said Annie, 'mebbe theia'll sweeten, the tongues in ye, an* faith, good need. Well, God bless ye,' and pluck nig at the reins she started the horse into an unwilling trot. 'Fine day, Mish Farmer,' called her father, waking up and waving a limp hand; 'fine day, Mish Jan— shay, Annie— wha' bla&hes; *r' drivin' so fast? W3io^a— who-a, Annie ? ' 'Another man, Harry, who likes blends look at the object he is.' 'Yes, yes,' said Harry. 'Poor girl, I pity her; she must feel ashamed.' 'Ashamed? Arrah! what for? Isn't it a man's duty to get drunk these parts once in th© month? Ashamed indeed! 'Deed, yes, a lot of shame the Tomboy feel9» Have you read the mottoes on ihe lozenges? No! WelL do then, and treasure them like gold, for next time Annie sees you she'E expect one back — one with a nice question on it, like this: 'Do you love me, dearest?' Then, if she's in a good humor she'll slip one into your hand saying: 'Kiss me, love,' or 'Meet me by monlight.' ' 'Rubbish! she wouldn't — she wouldn't mean it.' 'Wouldn't she! Well, try the experi ment.' Harry laughed and turned the sweets over in his hand. What a strange idea, he thought. Oh! it was nonsense. Norsense! Could he not see for himself? Did lie not know that country lads and lasses were a trifle shy in their courting, and sometimes could not get their tongues to wag? Then was the time for the conversa tion lozenge, one of the institutions of our country. See the brilliant talk there could be without wasting a word! And see the artful invention it was; for when the jnot toes were worn off the sweet was still there, dumb it is true, but most savory and very acceptable to the stomachs of dyspeptics and ? 'Oh, stop, Jan.' It was truth. Let Mm wait and see. Let ?him try Annie with a lozenge next time he saw her. She would be in one of our mea dows shordy, making some hay that her father had bought— let ihim try her then. Han'y laughed. 'Well, do you know, Jan,' eaid ihe, 'do you know, I think I wOL' -? Ajid he did. -. A little beyond Thrasna Bridge, we took to the fields, and passing Rhamus Castle, now in all its glory of greenness and wild flowers, went down past Pete Coyne's cabin, and along the bottoms towards Emo. As we went Harry held forth on ihe charms of the country and country life — Pete's cabin did not stop him, nor the bog, nor the sight of Pite bending his poor old back over the tur nip drills— and I, when his talk flagged and he began to be curious, kept his eyes from our home by pointing out anything of in terest along our path. Suddenly, through a gap in the garden hedge, I sprang a full view of the house, in all its bare dilapidation, upon him. He stopped and looked at it wonderingly — at the broken, weather-stained walls; the pat ched windows, naked and. dirty; the grass grown chimneys and ihe rickety roof. Then his eyes turned to the yard, not very clean and not very well kept, and the rows of out houses and the big hay-shed behind in the haggard. It was not a pretty foreground to the picture that was backed by the mouhr tains; and concerning itj Harry, charmed though he 'was with flli -things rural, could say nothing. 'I told you, Harry,' I said; 'I told you— you would come. But no matter. Come away to tea. Come on, now; I'm starving.' I tarried him through the gaMen and across the yard; #ien paused with my hand on ihe latch. From the kitchen came the mournful wail of half a bar pf 'Auid. Lang Syne,' quivering through Hal's new tin whistle. 'Oh, heavens above}' I cried, aafi flung iiie door wide open. Immediately, the ?through-draught from 'the open ihalWoor caught the fire, -whirled tft& ashes and sparks round Hal, and dashed them in pur faces. I pulled Harry in, closed *he door, =w3ited for the ashes to settje; then pushed at Hal, dragged Mm fcy the coHJ&r; £ wm life eftK-& flung his whistle on. the floor, and began shaking him- Why had be not kept 'the. -hall-door closed? How -often, hadli© 'been, ?warced! It was in the pot his head fibQUJfl be. (To be confinued.) A BTIM0I»AS3N a COT. _^ A small spoonful or CBdpurys Cofwa, -rttji butting ?water or milk, trid make instantly a sBmiUatiBg ana eu6toiBin*r «up ef 0s Bart, SelMeEg, 4Jsg*B6fe «sg aSsolately pure xuuExioaiiEhliig cocoa; of the greatest Strength, and the finest flayor. estftgy &?e |qp any admixture.— 0. ?* ? ^ ? The best wwiMiw known Is pan*gp anjl Sons' jESuca* lypti Extract. Test Si Incomparably ixJ^ertul -egects in Cougns, Colfto^ Jiiflu6n£A=— i&e; refitef is fwBr^Ti^jfft^ip, In eerious cases and accidents of aU lands, be they wounds, byipB, pcaifHngB, bruises, sprainB. tt is the ?safest z^medy* i)p ^wellixjp, no fjinfinwnntit1iH — J$F** sur \- prising $*fff»-*fg produced )n fTrvriTp 'jP*iiT?HTln*l'*^ij ^pfprmpt^ ^lii.:^jirtpTpfpflffr*ji pf ^}ie ^VnyTgH. ^Tp*fi*wgpj fffi XMbxt^' boea, Dysentery, Diseases of the Kidgeys jsad tjrigafy Oceans. In use at all hospitals and medlnal Igjjijjjcpi patrpnised by bis Majesty ihe King of Italy; crowned . -with ^nada| and £lplajfia at Jtateroattonal 33xfalbltiQ?l, dmp^p r^s^fff . y»*tf * -f ti an apptoyed^srticle. &nH; mjecgt all ao&Jeis;, Fne«. 2* f* «H&lSs; 54 oer WttW- fl, - ' Wiei Js wantea in jraap tor the ^feta »s that It JheJl 'wast B»ft clean vtthout hurt. Pure soap ft-eftTtbat, -and by pure eoap we mean soap without ftltwjl. Pears'* jwap la pure, lor tt contain* ao free alkaU.—O. 