S ONLY A OAPAIN, . -a-= At ,the meeting of, two ways in a country district in France, an old bent woman, in a long, grey hocded cloak, was stumbling along. Capt, Latooa pulled his panting horse to its haunches as.a faoe, wrinkled and m~le voleat, like that of the witch in the stories, .was raised to his-a vestage of a woman, a hag.s, The way to Ville de Louis, my good womau . A shrivelled hand half raised itself from ,the grey cloak, showing that it;bore a bundle of?hougha; the face, was more malevolent, the eyes deep and flashing out of their faded pupils, SAh,. my fine officer,' these seemed to say, ' you '.old know, you shall not-you who hrave :ruined out crops, our homes, What waitirs whether:French or- German? do ýyou not staind for the war.whioh distroysl. As a matter' of faotthe woman said nothing, only- turned .-sway ' after' that g'The virgini and the saits l I mig. as well ask a deaf mule,. Whichl the right r. "the left: ' With chairacteristie irecklessnshe risked. the left-hand road -.. The twilight deepened, his eyes closed- his. legs fell languidly oveir the flanks: of his steed, and this'devastated regioniof the Loire faded from his sight,.. Again it was Paris, gay4 aid.beau tiful. Again Pleasure held the alluding cup'.; And where weie the iestates' in. -Ndr-. mandyt , An abysa of debt yawned before the-last Counlt'Latoon. . A' lunge forward,. downw*iad, aid .the rider was rising from the dust, .?wide, awide while the bay horse rolled over,?withtwi tch. ing muscles- fosowingj;a con?tUlsive treNa or: of the limbs: - ": : Looking about, -a flickering light ;caught his eye. 'Approchiig, he saw: that th lihght came fromr-the storey of a :ra? blibiig: stone dwelL ling. . " . . .. . He pushed the door further on:itanreaking hinges anddentered. -. - ' There were half-filled wine-glasses a half dozen cheair hastily pushed'l?aclk'," r . Something strangely like a wai led' bir?to. drop, .; mouthful. - ::- ,. : Desperation and the wish to find somel Iguide, food, or a place to rest' had:i:i tified his intrusion ; but now all'oeatredi"n 'a de youring curiosity. ' - .. - i With-hin hand on a pistol Ie stole towards. the mysterious door, which he flung open;:'' 'Pardon me, but I am.. seeking:.a 'guide. Thii must pardon the intrusion,' said aapt. -Latoon.; Blinded by. a siidedn flare fronl. the candle in a tall -brazen candlestick, he fleet became aware 'of a glove on the polished floor, and beside it a little riding whip. \- Then ihe saw a high-:osted bedstead with the curtain drawn back, and a slim. grazefal (figure in a blue riding-habit stretched over something that lay motionless on the comunter pane. How long he remained themre he could riot have told. A mivement of the grieving woman caused a revulsion; and he realised that he was an intruder.. "He stepped backward, his spur :anking, to close the door on this scene which'his pre I isence profaned. . - : STumring about on his heel, Latoon aw?; a tall young woman, her blue costume: falling -in folds that revealed a graceful tigure, .' Mademoiselle, pardon my clumsy intrn s:ion, I am Felix Latoon, Count de Latook 'i.. Normandy, and a captain of the Hussars. I lost my way, and being without a-horse--- mine fell dead of exhaustion a half haour ag--I came tcwards the nearest lhight 'yours. 1 could make no ozi'. hear;- I 'tlhught the place deserted. - i'Your intrusion is pardonable,' she inter-' pted, a weariness of the world showing in' her voice, They are all gone-fled or de~ s:-rted-exoept we three,' and she pointed to' tte figure on the counterpahe., - \- I Madimoiselle,' interrupted Felix, bowing Ilor, 'I trust you may deem me a gentle" ?n..-As' one I would proffer. you my M.? I toon, as you call yourself,: h, sir.e-so still, so terrible, O, so: terrible-i;s: m·yfiather. We were fleeing from the Ger 'ii~as and we became separated, my father,' oI'u servant and I, from' the others. As best weoould-he was suddenly stricken sick 'tbc , an and I took my father here to. this ho e, your dwelling, perhaps, which. -ie fou d abandoned. Our servant went in sea h for some one, for a doctor. He haridly , as gone when my father was taken as ou ·" " ' ' - :- ' ? ? see him now, so still ! so horrible !' With a sob she threw herself beside her dead. . Felix olosed the door softly on this sor rowing woman. This was not the same Felix Latoon who had sounded the brazen knocker of the dwel ling ; no longer did the shadows seem to har bor some ghostly mystery,.for he had seen the real fact of death and suffering. Felix had discovered something more and of deeper import than all of his philo-. sophy. Intoon went about the empty rooms, which were full of chill and musty smells. He discovered another candle in the din. ing-room, a bottle of wine, and the fuel. Might she not be.fearful of him 1 Had his explanation, been enough' *So he questioned as he knocked timidly.. ' Mademoiselle,' said Latoon humbly, be fore her sorrow, ' 1 will watch far 'you, if you can rest, I. have prepared the next room for you as best I could, It will be as. well for yoa if you can rest. 'Abh, sir, but I cannot. My.dead is here.. I: will: stay .with him . until my friends, come.. If yof u .will trust me,' he began again, gently.. ' Would you not better'try to. rest '; I will watch for. you.. You will find the morrow hard enough,- and can I not prevail on you to prepare for it as. best you may 1 Reaching the door, she turned gravely to him-'I will accept your kindness; for I can but-. I must trust you. The 'candle spattered and flickered The watcher fell into a vague drowse,. :-He thought he was in Normandy,. and WFdr0o, the hound, was, lying at his. feet, awhile a little dried, old woman, his mother's maid, told him. ghost stories. One of the narrativea was. his .own recent experience. .,-And ? the house vanished, utterly,' :went on. Annette's. quivering tone. 'Oc was it 'Annette 1 Was.it not the old grey woman he had met at the cross. roads 1 Ba Bit'she faded, and he was at a great .hall .He could .distinguish the faces,, the chatter of voices, the intections, the scent of roses; :'-Bah,, women are. dolls, playthings,, saw dust:marionettess,ah ah!' Boisboy, theclever 'Bdisboy was saying. SFelixthen noticed a. sweet, charming sad face, :a graceful figure. turning:towards him;. Boisboy's. sneer was. hideous. ':That-face gave Boisboy the..lie, and. he had slapped his friends. smiling face.. I: he music crashed.. LThey grappled. The whole ball-room a glare of faces.-~and: "--' Monsiieur ! The sleeper sprang up, shaking the stiff- Iness from, his limbs, rubbing the:sleep from his heavy eyes.. A'man dressed aas priest was. shaking Lifoozhby the:shoulders.. 'M. L"atona, you hase fallen aslee: with weariness. The phanoms of the night wersegone.. The figure on the counterpane had lost its weirdness. Latoon. bowed to the clergyman, as. be coimes a devout believer.: ' • 'Father. I: was, tired,, and I must have Sslept: . " . . "A-,greak man died last night,. M.. La tooeen the last, save one, of a noble Dame " -.Heleaned ;towards the. silent figure-on thi~ ' Monsieur-Oapt. Latoon, the bereaved .young lady has told me of your good ser~. SMonsiegar I' would thank you for the family ;.of. the Duke, and for her the mourner. : Felix bowe4 saddedned, for he thought sud denly :he might never see agaia the young lady whbm fortune had cast in his path. only "ti d el?cf ika) '.. .. .. , Oapt. atoo;: o you are in haste to 'resume yon~ journey. A, hois tand guide are at the door to carry you to the army o0f the Loiire;. ' . And capt Latoonsaw in these urbane ac seats a polite dismissaL - ' - ' May I nott bidil goad-bye to the, young lad ?i ' :- - - -. S.: Sli:: ?ommissioned .me' to? express. her gratitude 'Yes, I??i will not disturb the mourner, I "wil take up .my journey,' assenited A ·few' yeara' later Col Zla oo fresh b from service i Al;giers, caughta glimpse of .a face iii4 g carnage on. the' Aenue d? 'Bois Sde 'Boulogne. '-'Who'may that lady beTX'he asked d his' ". n *' y;o i:ot know' '.,. A,? - y j "oih ve been in Aliere. Mille. Clare de loantillon. But Latoon knew that charming face, which could belong to only one person in the world. He managed in some way to meet her,. and they who know the story declare that through the adventure of a night an. impove rished Count of ?Normandy, a colonel from, Algiers,' won, over many suitors, the richest~ heiress of France.-'New York News. 