m^ of milt. We publish opposite the first photograph Been in Melbourne of the celebrated " Iron Blow " at Mount Lyell. To most people this will be Bomething of a revelation, for, colloquially speaking, we are wont to imagine that Mount Lyell is the name of a district. As a matter of fact, the Monnt Lyell Mining and Railway Company is quarrying an enormous hill -with an altitude from base to summit of 1500 feet or thereabouts. Tie mine itself is situated on the 3rd spur of the Mount Lvell chain and at an elevation of 1427 feet a dark purple cliff of ironstone stands out CO feet high. The calculated contents of the ironblow is 6evcn and a half millions of tons, estimated by Dr. Peters to return after treatment 30s. 5d. per ton. Since the successful results of the pyritic smelting has been demonstrated it has been said that the profit will be .£3 per ton at least, or over £21,000,000. The hauling line or ABT railway is a marvel of mechanical and engineering skill. H is working Bplendidly.,,. Atfillustration of it in an early issue will provide an Opportunity to give some particulars of its construction and the work it IB.expected to do and is doing- To the terrors ofordinary railway work, increased by the dense mountainous oountry, have to be added the enormous West Coast rainfall, which averages 144 inches per annum. The ore, as we have said, is quarried out, and this is done by a succession of benches on the face of the Mount, from which the five main tunnels have been driven, and as they go in, the ore is much richer than that on the surface. Our picture is a reproduction from a photograph taken from the West Mount Lyell engine-house, by Mr, Aloysina Kelly, manager of the latter company.. • • • " After the boom the slump." The market has been as one broker says " mullocky last week, and as all say, it has had the "pip" badly. We said it would be so. There have been too many seratch^he-snrface wild-cats floated, and the market could not digest 'em. Intact, the pip was brought about by severe attack on the gastric organs of speculators, who had to abstain rigidly from further swallowings. Mount Lyell has had the most severe shock Of all stocks, but wild-cats had nothing muoh to do with that. Maturity of time sales, sales of the most saleable stock, and the feeling of many holders that £15 should have bBen realised directly it was proved that the pyritic smelting was a success, beside the operations of the bears—all had their influence in reducing the market value by £450,000. Our recommendation strongly is to buy now and hold. By the way, a lot of the new floats would be aptly described by the Scotch lad's comment on bad matches, A fizz and a stink." • • *• Mount Lyell shares had a very, erratic market on Friday, selling from £816s. to £8 to£8 6s. The fall apparently spurred the Directors into iiving the public generally some information-which, if given a week ago, would have had an appreciating effect, rather than a. depreciating one. The official announcement is' as follows:—"Onr chief metallurgist, Mr. Sticht, says in his report—' The troubles that attended the starting of the new works were fortunately purely of a mechanical kind, and had nothing to do with the metallurgy of the case. The latter has been demonstrated to my complete satisfaction, the ore fulfilling all that it promised to do. I have not yet made any attempt to make a high grade matter for various reasons, evident when it is considered how untutored my men are. The Blags have assayed most satisfactorily, returning from nit to & trace of copper only, and from nil to l-10th of an ounce of silver only. These facts settle the only point about which there waB a shadow of doubt, namely, the Blag losses. The furnace has so far exceeded my greatest expectation in point of speed, and considering that all bands are green and only half-a-dozen of the men have ever seen a blast furnace before. I have not forced the furnace beyond a rather slow speed, and have made the work aB easy as possible by running through more slag than is the rule when things are in full Bwing." " • « » City of Smelbourne Bank declares a first dividend of 3s. id. in the £. li. E. Jacomb ie the champion liquidator of the City. He does his work and he pays his dividends more satisfactorily than any other man in Melbourne. We find his name in tbe records since 1853. His success is the result of hie experience. He haB command of a graphic and lurid phraseology. • # • Star of the East has called a meeting to increase the capital of the Company by £2 per share, and to authorize the sale of 50 heads of their battery to the Sonth Star or some other company. The South Star will buy alright. The Star has paid £276,000 in dividends on an expenditure of .£48,000, and if the new capital could be only expected to produce similar results, what joy wonld be in the camp! By the way, Ballarat people hdld fewer shares in tbe Star than are held in Melbourne, Sydney, or Adelaide, rand it is, and has been, one of the stays of the district. . » * . * North Broken Hill machinery has broken down again. A call this time is a moral certainty. The management has been in deadly fear for some time. • * * All those Hercules blocks should be amalgamated in one proprietary company. None of them will pay unless They only lack one thing—capital. Montgomery, Tas! Govt, geologist, told the truth when he said the ores were not payable unless reduced on the spot,"which means money when boiled down. • * • Some city merchants with considerable London connections dabble both as principals and brokers in Westralian stocks, and one celebrated Bricks-and-Mortar Queen-street broker is not above making a commission now and again on a few hundred shares. He has had none the worst of the boom up to now. f Progress in the Central Plateau mine is slow, but sure, and it will come out on top. The Bpec-sellers in Ballarat and in Melb. have had their knives" into the stock for a long time; but now, in spite'of^ weak_days, they don't take any liberties with it. , * ~ Mount 1 moter i Mark our words! Hill country. AIBO, watch the Lake Dora and Red The Curtain and Davis Junction has had a bad time in the press, both in Melbourne and elsewhere. Whether it is merited remains to be seen. There is no doubt it is in the auriferons belt of the Tasmanian West Coast, and there is no reason why it should not pan out well, and at any rate there are wilder wild cats on the field than Cnrtin and Davis Junction. The reports published before flotation were admittedly correct at one time, and should be as nearly corroct now. Why not 'i s * * * Proposed A ^'connect Penghana alias The Crossing alias QuefinstoW®, -where the Lyell smelters are situated, with Gormanston or Mount Lyell, where the big mine stays. A good idea, but a bad investment. The pioneers will drop their Bhekels, and those who buy from the liquidator will make money. This is qualified by the fact that the Lyell Co. must dig a tunnel and connect the mine and smelters by a railway. The Mount Lyell haulage line is only a stopgap for Dr. Peter's tunnel, which must go through the Central Mount Lyell block. The best day's work of eight hours the haulage line has done up to now is 250 tonB of ore. Even if it works three Bhifts the line can't fully feed all the smelters when properly going. Two slagpots burst during the starting of the Mount Lyell smelting. The slaggers didn't know whether the matte rotorts were eggs or iron, and tried them with hammers. They know now. Tue pots were infantile volcanoes filled with what the newspaper man called a " glowing, burning, glittering stream." The slaggers require new sarks and skins. # # » Mount Claude, the new Tasmanian silver-lead field, is only three hours rail and 20 miles road from Launceston. The principal Cos. so far projected are the King Siiver- Lead and the Maori Queen. What a fascination regal names have for the average professional director, who by tbe way is now paid 3s 6d a meeting by most Melbourne Co's. * • # Comets are on the metal. This is good news for its weary but confident holders. James Shackell, official assignee and ex-M.L.A., Thompson Moore, Winter-Irving and C. W. Lan^tree arc the largest holders of scrip. Smiling dive, promised, • • » * All companies registered with the Stock Exchange of Melbourne, and entitled to quotation, pay an annual fee of £10. Through the non-listing of a large number of the Westralian Companies, Melbourne speculators are dependent on Adelaide and London quotations, and while this is so, much good business is lost to this market. Certainly, if the Exchange list all foreign stocks free, they may lose £1000 a year; but if they do they ought to make £10,000 a year commission, and the public will be greatly convenienced. With a sublime and peculiar disregard for these considerations, a motion to list all outside stocks free was rejected by the Exchange members Teoently. We think tbe members make money by mysterious as well as numerous sales of shares. • • » The London Sketch is a strong supporter of Bnrbank's Birthday Gift, Westralia. The first crush was a good one, and there seems to be no reason to doubt that John Bull has bought a good property in the " Gift." It was baptised under happy auBpiceB, as Burbank, after eighteen months prospecting, found the show on the anniversary of his own birthday, and the sentimental occurrence led to the name. South Cnrtin-Davis Proprietary Company has been floated on £50,000 capital in 10s. shares. On the face of the prospectus published for public information only it would appear that £47,000 had been paid to somebody • but enquiry disclosed the fact that the vendors are the old South Ourtin-Daris Silver Company, whose shares were recently quoted at £7 on the Melbourne Exchange. The vendor Company takes 60,000 fully paid shares, and the balance, 40,000, were sold to the public at 2s, and . isBuedae paid to 10s. The vendor, out of the .£4,001) thus provided, takes £1,000 cash, and the balance of £3,000 goes to working expenses. As there is no doubt that the property is on a good line, that a fine lode is uncovered, that eighty tons of gossan ore is at the surface, and that an extension of the Zeehan and Mount Reid Tramway at a cost Of £750, will enable the ore to be carried away and shipped cheaply, the show should pay his way. As usual there is a Fink in the good tlang. B. J. (id.) is a director. # « * A correspondent writes:—By advices received from London, dated 29th May and 5th June, I have confirmation of paragraph re Kauri Timber Co. in your issue of 27th ult.:—" A company with a capital of £250,000, called the ' Kauri Freehold Gold Estate,' has been floated to take over 36,000 acres of freehold on the C010- mandel Peninsula,-N.Z. The £2 shares are now (London, 5th June) selling at £3 15s.; one of the Rothschild companies having taken a large parcel at over £3 per share. ' Kauri Timber Co.'a ' Bhares should be a good spec., as they benefit largely by the deal." These shares are selling in Melbourne at 4s. 6d., but in Auckland thiB week they have realised 7s. fid. Melbourne speculators are not often caught napping. • * • The New Loch Fyne Gold Mine, Matlock, is likely to make a great show at the next clean up. They have now 22 heads of stampers instead of 12. With a reef 30 feet wide, averaging 12dwt., and several smaller ones going loz. upwards, the future prospects are bright indeed. Shareholders can safely count on regular dividends from stone now in sight, and should the tunnel, which is now being driven at a deeper level, strike the big reef, still going as rich as on tbe higher level, they can afford to sit on their Bhares for years. Three years' crushing 19,576 tons, with 12-heod battery 14,861oz. * # # Sir Henry Loch slumped to 10s. 6d. Yields not to bo maintained from the tiny reef, and prospects dependent on tbe Band and Albion striking something in the Loch vicinity. - A 6d. div. may be squeezed out, and unless an influential director can arrange for the Loch to get a greater depth of country, tbe future is sure to be patchy. The Loche pay 8 per cent, royalty, and the last crushing did not yield much over £200 profit to them. At present they have only rights down to 1800 feet, and if they prospect deeper it would be to the benefit only of the Bands, but on latest advices it would appear that the Bands will concede the privilege of working to an unlimited depth. # * # A pretty smart fellow has 'been at work on 'Change. By a lucky shot he managed to buy South Mount Lyells at 23s., which within 48 hours were worth 36s. or 38s., and was able to finance easily enough on thiB margin and make a decent profit. But one decent profit was not enough. He went to various brokers and ordered Kelly's (Block 45 market name), Margarets and other scrip at GOs. and over, in the belief that he had struck a rising market, but the market was falling, and he' could not this time finance the deal. The buying brokers had to notice him to complete,and on his failure, sell at a heavy loss, and as the gentleman had no money his name was " Walker,,' and the brokers Btandthe loss. This will be a lesson to some young and old firms not to deal with men they don't know. * • # The West Mt. Lyell Company will probably pass into the hands of another company of 300,000 shares. The expert who is to report on the Prince will also report on the West«nd the latter is certainly a very safe thing to go. We wish we had a few thousand shares. On leader page will bo found advertisement of prospectus of the Kingsley Hall Reward G.M- Co., JJroad Arrow, which merits attention The promoters believe in their own statements, and all the money put in by the public goes to develop the property. That ia good enough. # * # Sir Phillip O. Fysh has propounded a scheme for the conversion of all colonial public indebtedness. And Bnch a scheme! As we are experts we do not propose to discuss it seriously, but we do propose to say that it is the most idiotic attempt yet made to deal with the subject. If it had been proposed seven or eight years ago, w'hen our 4 per cents, were standing at 88, it was easily managed, but now they stand at 1'2 to 14 premium, the proposition is absurd, and to it foreign investors would undoubtedly say, " 0! Fish." * # t A good way to make money. Get a Lycll lease at Mt. Reid or Timbnctoo, if yon like. Sell to a syndicate. Form a 100,000 6hare company. Issue a lot of scrip to yourselves. Get a quotation on the Exchange by the medium of lira brokers, and when you get the shares gradually to 4s. (3d., go to a money lender with a thousand or two shares, and borrow half the market value. Of course, you don't pay the bill when it falls duo, and, of course, nobody outside the crowd (or in it for that mutter) will buy the 6crip. Thus you sell yonr wild cat for a good round sum, and Uncle stands the racket. This is an old London game redivirtts in Mel bourne. But Melbourne money lenders are very careful as a rule. # # # New novels :— Bonanza Gold or the Laundress Clean Sark. Bonanza Silver or the White Metal Ghost. Mount Lyell Mineral Leases or Jnmpers in Cheese. Princess Margaret or the Skeeter's Coming. Mt. Lyell or Jackson's Pet (Revised Version). Great Southern No. 1 or The Murray through a Pump. Denton Hats or George Bruce's Tiles. Outtrim Coal or Prince Fortunatus. * # # It is desired to get a quotation for Junction North shares in London and as London will not deal in shares carrying any liability, reconstruction is necessary. So a new company of 150,000 £2 shares is to be formed, share for share given to present holders, and 30,000 sold to London. This shows emphatically that the mine is done with calls and will soon be dividend paying. No harm can come of it and a lot of good may ensue. Prince Lyell Company and the Prince Lyell Purchase Company seem to have come to terms about a deal, and it now only remains for the expert who is to arrive shortly to approve, for the cash to be handed over. Shareholders in the Prince Company will get about 15s. per share and the .£50 shares in the syndicate will get about .£300 each. We are asked to say that Junctions will have a big rise directly. We would not say it only we emphatically believe they will. * • * We referred to a racing broker last week who objects to the reference. The Upshot of his objection is that we regret having made one slight error in the paragraph, bnt. like the young woman's first baby, it was " only a little one." * * • ,i>7 . In the early days of the Westralia boom, Melbourn^-. had a few wild cats foisted on her. One was the Francos' Reward G. M. Coy., which started out with huge*- capital and immense resources, but which went into liquidation. Mr. H. A. D. Sheppard bought the led^e,^ machinery, etc., for .£710 at auction. It cost JE300 to' wind up the company, and the creditors ought to get the rest—about 16s. in the £. We wonder what that mine is doing now. Is it masquerading under a new name, and getting lots of gold r What did Mr- Sheppard do with it ? • * « Queen Margaret Coy. has called a meeting for 27th July to reform the company, and the circular to the shareholders is as follows:—1. To consider the advisability of converting the present no- liability company of 72,000 shares of £1 each into a limited liability company, with a London register and a capital of .£100,000 in 100,000 shares of £1 each, fully paid up. Each shareholder in the present company to receive one share fully paid-up in the new company for every share now held, and the balance (28,000 shares) to be held in reBerve by the directors, and to be issued by them at such time and on such terms and conditions # * as they • may think fit. There is a knowing little foreigner on the flags at the Stock Exchange. He knows everybody's business much better than they know it themselves. He knowB everybody, high and low, and he seemB to thrive on the information he picks np. Tell him anything in confidence and all the world knows it in a day. He does not mean to betray a confidence, but his tongue is hung in the middle ; he cannot prevent it wagging. Sometimes lie does good, sometimes harm, but men of this stamp are inseparable from all stock exchanges. Great Boulder yield 3158oz. from 850 tons. Shares did not improve on the announcement. C. H. Do Hose is a lucky man. He makes nearly a million out of Boulder stocks. 