THE TASMANIAN RAILWAYS. AN UNAUTHORISED EEPORT; THE LOCOMOTIVE DEPARTMENT AT LAUNOEBION. [By. ous special uepobtee.J While on a train journey from Farattah t« Lannceston, the conversation between the patiengen of one compartment having ex hausted nearly every other topic, from the latest railway sensation to the organisation of the Salvation Army— the intermediate subject! including the Transvaol filibuster ing expedition, the Venezuelan trouble, the compotltion of the Launcelton City Oonncil, the profit that the man who sold cherries at Longford must make out of those sixpenny bags with the ? beauties ' on top, federation, euchre, the crept, dogt, and the nnlverac in general— naturally drifted to what ought to have been the ' lastly,' namely, tho electric light. This would, no doubt, have tent everyone decently to sleep for the short dittanoe ttlll remaining bnt for the casual remark of one Individual, ' Bnt tuny have bad the electric light in the Main Line locomotive department for about seven years.' ' No ; have they I' asked another. ' Yt s, and it works splendidly ;' then en sued a chat about the department, which made a Daily Telegraph reporter present think there might be something in a visit to the said department if it could be brought about. Mr W. E. Bstohelor, however, who is the locomotive .superintendent, while amiable enough in all other respects, has two objectionable characteristics from a journalist's point of vlewr. he it not partial to people prying about in his preserves, and hat an unaccountable respect for rulcB aud regulations, which he won't understand are only framed as a matter of f oim. Thus, on the said reporter calling upon him and ask ing his cooperation in making copy for Daily Telegraph, readers, he was gently taken to the ' conspicuous place,' in which, by order, the regulations are posted, and shown that It was ' agen the rnlefl,' As a courteous compromise, MrBatchelor allowed his Interviewer to go through as a visitor, provided he asked no Impertinent question!. The resnlt of this is, of course, that only a very bare outline can be given of what, if written by an expert, would be of far greater Interest, If any of the Impressions of the writer are wrong, the regulations must bear the brunt of them. One thing was evident enough from the empty benches in some of the shops, the rotten flooring in others, aud the patchwork character of some of the repairs in progreBs, although the workmanship itself was Eood enough, that the policy of the day, ' re trenchment,' it being observed most re ligiously, and to a degree that promises booming times for those engaged in railway construction in the near or distant future. Dp till two yean ago the whole of the roll ing stock was constructed here, bnt since then, except for ordinary running repairs, nothing hat been done, and there is little work indeed for those engaged in the decora tive and ornamental branches, bo that hands employed are few. Altogether there are somewhere about 200 men employed by the department, but these are* only working most of them five days a week, not, of conne, Including the drivers. The pay rangcB from 5s to 6s a day for laborers, mechanics receiving from 7s to 10s. The employees on the whole do not appear to have been ovcr-gencrously treated, taking into count that one day a week they are compelled to be idle, in addl tion to 10 per cent, having been deducted from their pay. Now to enter, with a good deal of trepida tion, on a general run through the many tub-departmenta, merely mentioning before hand that Ur E. M. G. Eddy, the Chief Commissioner for Railways for New Sonth wales, in his report to the Tasmanian Go vernment in May, H94, bore testimony to the efficiency of both machinery and staff to do all the work required on Tatmanian lines In regard to either construction or repair. The atafl, of course, has been since reduced. Leaving the offices occupied by the superin tendent, the draftsman, by whom every thing is planned out before being put in hand, and the clerks respectively, one makes hit way to the workshops, patt ing en rmte the timekeeper's office. Here the system is the same as in molt of the large yards in the old oouutry, each man taking his check off its hook when he goes on, the shutter doting when the bell ceases ringing, and a latecomer having of course to apply to the timekeeper specially, and the exact time ot hit arrival being re corded against him. At meal-times a small wooden tablet has to be hung up with a statement of work done till then, and so at leaving-off time. There is little chance, therefore, for doing what possibly nted to be appropriately termed the 'government stroke.' Entering the erecting shop, which, roughly, it about 90 x 60, one s attention is drawn to an overhead traveller, which travels the whole length of the building by aid |of an hydraulic cylinder, and with this engines which are in hospital are lifted holus bolut and shifted from one part of the shed to another as required. Considering an engine weight about 29 torn, more or lest, and that a boy works the oracle, this gives an idea of the power of machinery. The onter cover Ing, or shell, of the engine is removed by another matblne with a chain and wind lass, and to one of the uninitiated the skele tons of the engines suggest questions enough, if one were allowed to ask them. One wonld like, for instanoe, to be able to trace back the pedigree of the modern iron horse to its sire, ' Puffing Billy,' of 80 odd years ago, and to enumerate the principal developments introduced by the variont crosses In the breed, but the 'ask no quet tiont' clause forbids, and the 'visitor' makes his way to the machine shop adjoin ing. This is a little longer tban the erecting ehed, by about the same width, and is full of all kinda of modern machinery for the manufacture and repair of rolling stock and locomotives. The machinery 1b driven by a H-h.p. engine, which is fed by two Lan cashire boilers, which are in the next viBited room. The whole of the sheds and offices, It might here be mentioned, arc lit by electricity, 120 16 - c.p. Incan descent lights being used. Automatic '* cut outs,' whoso function is to interrupt the current and throw Uie wires out of gear in case of danger, are attached, and the light costs next to nothing, being rnn from the waBte eteam at night. There is another 26-h.p. engine in the boiler-room for work ing all the wood machinery. Included among machinery in uac are also punching and sboaring machines, machines for plate bending, brwb for cutting cold iron, a steel rail bcin^ cut through in about four minutes. A boiler aud tender were under going repair, and there seemed any quantity of other work waiting to be done. Attached to this room is the smithy, in which are seven forges, although only four were at work, but here, at any rate, the scene was a bit oheerful, the glow of the fires, and the nature of the work having a bright and fcuty effect. Most of the otbor sheds seemed haunted by the ghost of re renchment, which BometimeB shaped itself like the wraith of parsimony. lu the smithy is a lOcwt steam hammer which can give a blow of 4 tons, and, of coarse, all the usual accessories of a blacksmith's shop on a large tmle. It might be thought that with to many fires going the atmosphere would be dense with smoke, but this all makes its way by troughs to a chimney at one end, and the white caps of the firemen are not much dirtier than those of a second class cook. Entering another large shed the whirr and buzz of aaws proclaimed it the wood fihop. Here the Iokb of blackwood, Hnon pine, and other timbers used in the construction of carriages go through the entire processes of cutting up, planing, etc., until absolutely ready for fitting together. There arc Baws that walk through a block of hardwood like a razor through a carrot, and planes that are as true as a Government report, aud probably more . eo. liolli English and American machlmry of a variety of descrip tions and in use in Ibil department. In the erecting shop connected with the carpenters' the prepared wood 1e fitted together for carriage frames 46ft long, or for whatever purpose It Is designed. Above this is a very large and very interesting room, in which the pattern makers are at work. Everything in cast iron or brass sneh aB pulleys and pumps and ovtob and railway wheels, or the brass fittings of an engine, and hundreds of other articles have firtl to be made in wood, and this work is most BkUfully and, necessarily, accurately performed. There is no time, however, to stay here, though this alone wonld Of one were allowed a prompter) make a highly instructive article ; and a glance, too, only can be taken at the upholsterers department, where horse hair is being lorn to piece* by a ' devil.' and busy ringers arc at work rcpairtrg damage to cushions that Idle fingers have wrought. DeBcsnding once more, a move Ib made to the paint shops, the floor of which will hardly hold out much longer to look at it ; then to the brass moulding aud copper smithy, to the lamp shop, where all kinds of lamps, signal lamps, station lamps, lanterns, and where every variety of tinsmith's and plumber's work is done ; then to the run ning sheds, the stables of the iron-horse, where the engines are cleaned and fed ; then to take a general look round until, ex cept that one has set himself a task which has to be performed, he begins to with he had only asked leave to put iti the hour in one department alone, instead of wandering proralscnonBly about only to find out that he knows nothing about what he is expected byhlsohleftowrltc. 