POINTS. [B? Needle.] P The , City . ' ? ? ' Eleven. , ? I fanoy i The Ports' ' s- ? '-' ? Will triumph, Colombo all out 97. ' , l Australia 179 for nine wioketa. So far, so good, but we shall see. ' I5IPR13HSIONS OP C00I(9A.RDW— ' Mud. Better than winning the Melbourne Cup 'Sweep' , Goorgo Gibson, a Borrima boundary ridor inherits .£40,000. la it better to be born with the pro rerbiol ' silver spoon' than a 'brass mug.' P Jfimqi'tcim Dorwio says Victorians flou't ' blow ' or ' gas.' Ask N.S.W. Q., N.Z., S.A., and W.A. Also aak of ? oaoh thehv opinions about eaoh other and then— well, can you fight? . So long as petty feelings and interco lonial jealousies exist, federation will remain a dream. The Times thinks that the Australian team is a strong ono. It neods to bo, too, from all acoount9, From tho cynical and vitriolic Sydney Blithering ;— 1 ????.. No Admittance. On a day that would an igudnua roast, A Westralia boomer gave up tho ghost, Which flew Hoav'nward, bold and hardy. St. Peter gazed at tho ghost, irate, And sternly said, as he slammed tho gate— « 'You eau't come here— you should . know that well ! Wo'vo lost our prejudice against Holl— But we draw the lino at Coolgardio !' W.A.i3 indeed becoming the land of tho mining 'export.' English, Aus tralian, French, German, Norwegian, Italian and Yankoo ! And the greatest (fee-getters) of theso 13 our Deutscher Friend— though why, Heaven and tho company promoters alono know. Kamiakatta Camps— Latest from cnir Wur Correspondent ; — Camp. Damp. Cheers. ' Beers. Private N. Trance. Another-' Injustice \ Somo of- tho banners of tho Irish, friendly societio3 need repainting badly. Thero was ono large patriotio banuor in the Melbourne St. Patrick's Day procession which bore a victorious emblom representing portaita of Parnoll and Gladstone linkod together by a scroll, whereon were painted in largo letters tho words ' Home Rule.' A banner liko that is about comparable to a banner inscribed ' Sedan' in a Parisian procession. For Parnoll is doad, Gladatono is retired and Homo Rule is— well, where ia it?— * Sydney Bulletin. Major la Caron, tho famous spy, who gave such sensational evidence about the Fenians, tho Clau-na-Gael, and tho whole Physical Force Movement at the Parnoll Commission, died two years ago to-day, Says a writer in tho White-Haired Boy :— ' I will pass over the journey, which was a merry gambol from' Perth to Coolgardio' Ought it not to bo '?' gamble ?' Unwind.— The Herald says of tho Cathedral servico yesterday :— ' The rausio was of Me -usual mournful and appropriate character.' PJieio ! J. W. Benn appealed against tho olootion of Harry Marks for St Goorges-in-the- East, London and it has' only coat £20,000. But, where the laugh comoa in is horo ;— Benu himself was proved to bo corrupt— the vory charge, on ?which ho was opposing Marks ! Wo'vo hoard of Ben Adhem, but it seems, now, they've 'ad Benn ! Rather Perthonaii. Mrs. Hammond ?? AJra. Hashorof t has braggod agaiu to-day about keeping her lodgora so long. Mrs. Forawoek : She doosn't . really keop them long. She keopa tbom.so thin that they look longer than they actually are. you can't expect it ! Tho more -wit one has, the more originalty one finds among men. Tho common run of people seo but little difference between one man and another. No life ia so sweet and satisfactory as that whioh is lived with those who aro in full sympathy with our aims and pursuits. At ' least, this ia what the T'othersiders say of the^ Government. ? Too BAD.~The intelligent 'oorap,' again! Nwiq,uam 'Dormio is made to say of a woll-knowu Portlvite :— ' A gay young shark in liia time, I dare bo sworn, Mr. Savage ia novorfcholess 'tv' well-proservod man.' Mr. Savage 'is. now looking for N.B. witlva (Howling) Club. How fortunate it is. that ' N, D, novor sleeps,! ; 