BRAID WOOD. ON Sunday last the very interesting and impressive ceremony of consecrating a church in accordance with the forms of the Church of England was per formed by the Right Rev. Dr. Chalmers, Bishop of the diocese, in St. Andrew's Church. In accordance with the constitution of the Church of England, no building, while any debt remains upon it, can be consecrated. It will obe recollected that sonme months ago, through the munificentliberality of Mr.R. M?ad droell, of Bedervale, who gave a donation of £500, supplemented by the efforts of the congrcga tion, the building was entirely freed from debt., On Sunday morning Dr. Chalmers preached to a large and attentive congregation. He selected as the subject of his discourse Genesis, chap. I, v. 27 " So God created man in His own imageo, in the image of God created he him." It was announced that the consecration service would be held in the afternoon at 3 p.m. Some time previous to this hour the church was filled to its utmost capacity. Punctually at the time mentioned his Lordship ap peared at the western door of the church, where ho was met by the incumbent (Rev. Mr. Dobson), the trustees (Messrs. Robert Maddrell, William John Chapman, and R. I. Higgins), and the church wardens (Messrs. W. A. Kershaw and W. F. Bun dock.) Mr. Kershaw read the petition praying for the consecration of the church. The Bishop stated his willingness to grant the prayer, and expressed his thankfulness for being called upon to do so, and proceeded up the aisle chanting psalm 21, fol lowed by the clergyman, trustees and church wardcns, and the choir, who chanted the psalm also. Having arrived at the holy table, the incum bent again read the petition. The reply having been read, the deeds of the church, with the peti tion, were placed on the altar, after which prayers were offered and psalms sung by the choir. Then the Bishop declared the church to be now con secrated and set apart to God for ever in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. A hymn having been sung, the Bishop delivered a forcible and impressive address as to the significance of the rites just concluded. In the evening his Lordship again preached to a large and attentive congregation. OnGa onday the Bishop paid a visit to MIr. Roland Hassall, Bellevue, and was expected to return to Goulburn on Tuesday. The Chidgey Cup for competition amnongst the footballers has arrived. It is a very handsome specimeg of the silversmith's art. Monday being the day for the receipt of scalps, Mr. John TVallace, wlso was the recoiving oflicer, counted 364 hare and - dingo sealps.--Express. 