A WILD HIDE. What yod.say Is quite true, sir, that a man oughtn't to bo frightened at anything ; but do you koow, Pro got to think that the bravest man of all is the one that is frightened and don't show it. You see tfaero ain'tmany men. that are what you'd call " brave oil round." I've shea a follow that would havo -.run any man through as soon as he looked at him almost jump-out of hie skin when be trod upon a little bttof a snake. There's myself, for instance, I'm a soldier, and an old one, too. I've got tbe Kandahar medal, os yon seo, and ono or two other things as woll; and I think I may. say, without brag- ging, th&ti;'m not more given to be scared (ban other folks. Well, I myself onoo got as bad a fright as ever any man got yet, and what's more, lb happened not ten miles from where ' we're standing now, and not more'n six months ago. How was that? saya you. Well, that's just what I'm a-goiug to tell yen. H Our old colonel— I won't speak ill of tho poor old chap, for ho died only t'other (Iny—but he was one that you'd got to be precious osreful with, I ean tell you. Whatever he had to do. boM have it done his own way, or hoM send everything ilying,. and, liko a good many officer who've been a long time out here, he'd got so .used lo ordering the black fellows about, that =at lust ho got to do it with all that enmo near (him, black or white. Col. Hodley his nnme iwas, but, from his shpilftsh way, we used to jcall him " Col. Headlong." ! Weil, sir, you've been up the Bolan Puss, so jof course you know that little brauch line that (they're making from Sibi to Pir Chowki, at the i mouth of the pass, to help carry stores and |troopa up and down. Yes, to bo sure, I remember, 5 ou were saying that you'd been at Itho opening of a bndgo on it juat tho other day. ! Well, bofore that bridge was built, tbero was 'a sort of make-shift across tho channel of the river ; and as for the lino itsolf, though it wasn't iregularly "opened" (and isn't yet, for that matter) it could carry a train at a pinch, all the ieigbteon miles whenever thuro were a few com panics of soldiors or a few waggon-loads of 'stores that wauted to be sent along in a hurry. \- Now it happened by bad luek that wlion we -came down from Quetia four mouths ago, with the old colonol at our ho&d;, the engiue driver on this Fir Chowki line was a Frcnebman, whoso name was Peter Tronchct. He was quite as high-handed a fellow in bis way as our colonel himself, and when ho did get in a tantrum, cart ropes wouldn't hold him. They say he'd lost his last berth all along of wanting- to flght.a duel with tho superinten dent ; but I don't know how that would have been, though itfs.just tho sort of thing ho would do, too. Well, of courso,. we all kuew, though wo little dreamed what was to come of it, that when two suoh peppery oues as the colonel and this Frenchman met tbero was bound to bo u pretty good row, and so it turned out, sure enough. When we got down to the. railway at Pir Chowki, wbore-a special train was waiting to take us on to Sibi, the old colooeiwbs ss cross as two sticks. Ho'd had a good, sharp twinge of gout, for ono tbiog, and riding over that great plain from the mouth of tbo Puss to Pir Ohowk: didn't sweotou his temper much, splashing through rivers and stumbling among big stones every minute. Then, again, the engine-driver had been out in the suu all morning, and you know bow snappish that makes a man hero. £o, when Col. Hedleycamoholloriogand bully ing along and commenced to rough him up, the Frenchman faced about and answered him back qnite snuciJy. You should just havo seen the old oolonol'i faco. It turned as red as hia coat, und for a minute I almost thought he'd got into a fit. Thon ho jumped forward and Bhook bis fist iu tho Fronchmau's ejee and roared out : " Hold your tongue, you impudent dug, or I'll put you under arrest ! Go to your work, will you ? And rolnd, no nonsense about icouplings boiug loose and wheels shaky as an excuse for stopping half way. If you halt so miuch as half a second between this and Sibi I'll break every bono in your dirty French jskin ! " I was standing close to the colonel as he spoke, and I snw the Frenchman's face harden all at once, liko melted lead wben you throw it into cold water. Then he said, very quietly, (but just as if lio was biting every word short oil : " Vereo good, Monsieur lo Colonol ; you shall jbo satisfied ! " i And away he want to his engine without (another word. But tbere was tho wickedest (look in his eye that I over saw yet, and it mado jmofoel queer just for a moment, although I , hadn't a ghost of an idea (as indeed bow should |I?) what he was really up to. ; Well, sir, we all got und begun to make our- jsslvob nug, expecting to be nearly a couple of hours on tho road, for it was over eighteen miles to Bibl, and tho lino being only a makeshift oue then, there was a notice tip forbidding auy driver to run his train moro than ten miles au jhour. Tlio train hacked a bit to got a fair start, aud away we went. I don't think any of us noticed anything out jof tho way— 1 didn't, at any rate— for tbe first (ramute or two ; but all at onco my rear-rank 'man, Dob Barton, sings out " Well, if this ain't moro'n ten miles an hour, I'm a Dutobman !" He'd hardly spoken when tho train gavo a laroh that shook us all together like apples in a bag, and then anothor toward the other side, and then— talk of fiiug! Fling waB nothing to it— 'twas moro liko being fired out of a gun. Tbo very air seemed to whiz past us, and ail at once wo heard tbe Colonel yell out from his window : " Slacken speed, ynu rascal I Do you want to kill us all P" Tho Frenchman answered only with a horrid, screaming laugh; aud now we began to got seared iu earnest, for wo took in tbe wholo thing for tho first time. Tbero wo wore, run ning moro than a milo a minute over an unsafe line, with all our lives ot tbe meroy of a urnu who was nearly as mad ns ho could bo. Tim first bridge was already in sight, and tbe fellowa working on it scattered ovury way when they saw us coming, ucreeobiug liko anything. I heard tho bridge orack as we flow over it, and felt it give ; aud how wo ever escaped I can't think yet. "Boys !" cried Dob Darton, springing up, " I won't sit fitill and lot that lubbor rhurder us all. It's his life or ours now. Hero goes I" He toado for tha door as he spoke, and would have been cut upon tho footboard in anothor moment, when wo clutohed him and dragged him baok ; for with the pnee wo woro going, and tho way the traiu rocked, it would- havo been certain death to try it. Over the second bridgowo shot like lightning and weut flying round the last curve towards 8ibi. Just thcu-1 saw somothlug that brought my heart iuto my. mouth— a stone lying on tho lino ahead of us, big onough to wreck tho wholo train. Then I thought all was over. 1 jusb muttered 'J God havo mercy on us!" uud shut ray eyes, But I opened 'em again noxb moment just in time to seo the stone (tipped over, I fauey, by tho shaking of the rails, which were rather looso at the spot) roll off just as wo oamo up to it. Presently, after that (whether It was a minute or an hour after, I could nover tell) I caught a gliraso of a platform oovorcd with people ahouting and running about ; and then wo began to slackoaPQod, nnd at last 'Stopped altogether. Then I drew as long a breath as'.lf-Td ja&fc; come up frotiAtho bottom of the sea. Wcfd'ran half simile punt I he 'Sibi stattoji.before wo coold pull up, and I hoard afterward that wr d'd tho eighteen miles in ten minutes. Vbdo the colonel got c ut it mado me fairly » . ..i I to look at him, Ho tottered so- ho conld hardly stand, and his 'faee was all drawn and pitched liko tho face of a corpse, I don't think it was nltbgotbor hls own duuger that upset him so (although I'm sura It well might), but tho thought that ono liosty word of hia had uearly cost tbo lives of nil tbe men under tua charge was enough to give>any man a turn. As for Master Frenchman, ho got oil and bolted tho mlnuto tho train stopped. It was lucky for him he did, for ho wouldn't havo boon very sufo among us just then ; and the colonol, on comiug to liimsolf a bit, vowed to baug him if it cosfebim ten thousand rupees. But it couldn't !>o proved lhat he meant to upsot tbe 'train (ns I don't supposo he -did, indeed), so that all they cuuld do was to givo him two months' imprisonment for exceeding tho fixed rate of speed. But, of course, hp had to leavo tbe country, and I wasn't sorry fur ooo ; for, rather than bo on tho train with him again, I'd tramp ail thu way from here to Cal cutta. 