DY TURPIN. Br HENRY HERMAN r of "His Angel," "Eagle Joe," et Fortune," &c.;, &c.;, and part or of "The Silver King.") ihed by special arrangemeant with easrs. Ward. Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL SIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER XV. A RAID ON THE CAVE PLOP. dilie Verpoint, the adventuress, had her habitual coolness since she had ed that she had a heart. She was no r the cold and calculating woman who only to commit crime and then to olly obliterate its traces. She had etked and entrapped Gerald Theveney, ,u then, like the fowler who is caught in TiMown snare, she had fallen in love with o. It was not merely his good looks it now attracted her; of his position in %i world she had ceased to think. She .longer considered him a prey, as a $,e to be played for and won,if possible, bu as the lord of her heart,the man whom ii~e loved hobetter than life itself. Very of her, perhaps, but as we know " Women are not In their best fortunes strong." t when a woman loves, as Endalie point did, we all know they are weak d. And the girl lived in a constant e'r, the terror of being found out. irald had only been too glad to take yat her own valuation-a beautiful girl, , well educated, of good position, of swn social rank. But the time might a se when Gerald would make enquiries winch it would be awkward to answer, en 7Bes which would have to be met by lies. OL verv easy to tell a lie, but to build up abole structure of lies needs genius, par tsaularlv if they are'not to be found out. -Endalie had grown weary of lying to tlaman she loved, simply because she him so, and when the trim parlor se. came into the drawing-room after tlch with a telegram upon her little i ~er, Endalie's fingers trembled as she it up. and the girl's face flushed ltly with fear. But a happy smile diazspread her handsome face as she read Contents. e re's no answer, Ellen," she said. d then, as the girl left the room, she ,ed to the clock. tHe'11l be here in half an hour," she ianght. And then she looked once more ,the little piece of pinkish paper. Please wait at home for me. I am 0-ming to bring you great good news at lf-past two.-G." Good news!" thought Endalie. "He an have no other good news to tell me iian that it is pcssible to hasten our mar page. Oh, that it were once over, and that I dared to tell him. But that can liver be, for Gerald is an honest man and would spurn from him the woman who is Nothing but a common thief. But then he Lhves me, and in that great love of his he yoa find pity-when I am his wife, but it before. But will he ever forgive me cheating and deceiving him? Can I er dare to tell him ? No! That must my very last resource. Fortune has ver failed me yet, and surely the cup of ppiness will not be dashed from my lips t as it touches them. What can his od news be. I wonder? Perhaps, per ps," she thought-and she became pale s a ghost at the idea-"perhapatheyhave nme upon the traces of Winnie's jewels, pd thus, he being placed above suspicion for he may have fancied he was suspected) e looks upon that as great good news. o, it can't be that." And then the well-known knock was srd at the outer door of the flat, and di!ie, with a woman's instinct, took one k in the mirror, and pressing her nsched lips between her teeth and seat herself in a graceful attitude, awaited arrival of her lover. he door was flung open by Ellen, and t r, who though dressed in solemn k, looked the picture of happiness, his wreathed in smiles, entered. Dearest Endalie," he cried, "you can ;e me the happiest man in all the `dl, or the most miserable, for I cannot er to part with you, dear, even for a ngle day. I can't, indeed, and IFe got leae London at once--that is to say, :ithin a week or two. And aye or no, ndalie, I want you to make a sacrificoe for " There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, rald, nothing!" cried the girl. And ere was a touch of pathetic solemnity in r voice, for she meant what she said, and e words came from her heart. And then ev kiissd each other, as lovers do. " Ann what's your great good news, rld," she said. " I'm burning to hear Sell, I'm made a, post-captain, dear. to have a quarter-deck of myown. We we goiu= to start a house in Paris, and m to take charge of it. It'spromotion, I an tel you; and they were very nice iout it, and said all sorts of charming dingo; and I should never have got it if asiadn't been for the poor old governor's awth. You see, they think ' Sir Gerald jsoevener and Co.' will read well, and of urse, I can now put in a considerable ount of capital. And what's better it will be all under my own thumb, d I shan't be at the beck and call of old tder Whattingham. And now I want to do me a great favor. Endalie, I nt you to consent to our immediate rriage. You see, the mere fact of my ving to go away is the strongest of all ssible r sons. Under ordinary circum nee, it couldn't have taken place for Smonths at least. But now we can be letly married, and we can take a fort ight's honeymoon, and then settle down Sa little nest of our own in Paris. And 1I von have got to do, Endalie, dear, is to v yes, and then you'll make me the hap :est fellow in all the world. You won't esitate, Endalie? You won't refuse me? ye got my chance, and I shall never have ch ariother big chance again. Why, with ck, in ten years' time, one needn't worry out business. I shall have made my pile, i we can come back and live at the ok's Nest, if we like. What do you say, rng? Dearest Endalie !" Grad," said the girl, "you know I 't refuse you anything. I ought to ush when I say the worda,.' I love you so -t I can refuse you nothing.' But, ereld, what will the world say ? What ill lady 3oexey say ? And your sister, oo! And oh, Gerald, my aunt's dread nlly particular I She'llcertainly make all nds of difficulties." " Oh, for the matter of that, bother our sisters and our cousins and our aunts!" cried the young fellow enthusiastically. " We're both of age, Endalie, though you Idon't look it. I can buy a special license. 'and we can be married any morning, and nobody need be any the wiser." "- Grald, don't be ridiculous1" cried the grl. "You might na well suggest a post chaise and four, and a marriage at Gretna Green. I'll talk to aunrtI can't say more, and you must be very nice with her and very firm, and say it's got to be, you know,. and between us we shall talk her over." I'm not sure that the special license and the marriage in the morning wouldn't be the best way, Endaie," cried the yoenig fellow. "Your aunt's bound to make all kin-s of diflculties--aunts alwaysdo-and she'll want to have the settlements seen to, and that will take no end of time. Those lawyer fellows never will hurry." "1I don't think that need take long. Gerald." said the girl softly, placing her hand in his." ,When I marry you, I trust yeou with myself, surely I can trust you with my property. "Of course yon can, little woman. Everything would be made fair and squre, and I daresay even lawyers might be got to haurry up under pressure." And then there was a little pause, and pressing of hands, and the young people looked into each other's eyes as young people do under such circumstances, and then Endalie, in a strangely serious tone, asked her affianced lover a very strange question. "Gerald," she said, " would you marry me if I were a penniless girl? Tell me really. Would King Cophetua take the beggar maid ?" " You know I would, dearest !" cried her lover. "You mean it, Gerald, don't you ?" said the girl. "You really mean it ?" " Indeed, indeed, my darling, I do," cried the infatuated youth. And he did mean it, because for him there was but one woman in all the world, and that one woman was End.lio Ver point. "Gerald." said the girl, and she looked at him with solemn eyes, " Gerald- " She seemed about to speak again,but she was silent. The impulse to confess every thing to the man she loved better than life was strong. Had she really been a penniless girl, she would, loving and trust ing him as she did, have confessed it then and there, believing in the strength and truth of his affection. But she dared not. Her courage failed her at the last moment. She could not tell the man she loved the story, the shameful story, of her life of crime. "I was only trying your affection, Gerald," she said with a little laugh. " I don't think even the beggar-maid could have been a happier girl than I am now, and if I said all I think, Gerald dear, and told you how happy I am, perhaps you might wish me more coy and reticent. Ah, Gerald, I do so pray that nothing may come between us." "Come -between us ?" cried young Theveney. " Who or what could ever come between us? When I was a ruined man, you came to my assistance nobly. Do you think that I can ever forget that ? Do you think that I can ever forget that it was you who saved me from the conse quences of my own monstrous folly? And folly's a mild word. I was more than a fool, I was a criminal, well-nigh a thief, for I was guilty of a breach of trust, and knowing that, dear, you love me and treat me stilL Endalie. if ever there was an angel in this world it is you, love." " Ah, you say that, because you haven't found me out," said the girl, with a laugh in which there was the slightest tinge of bitterness. "If you only knew i Ah, if you only knew !" "But I do know!" cried the young fel low, and as he spok- the words the girl started. "I can quite fancy that I'm not the first man who has admired you, End.t lie. Others have done so, and doubtless told you of their affection. Why should they have bidden their love from a girl whom any man might be proud of? I am full with hideous retrospective jealousy," he added with a laugh. " Gerald !"criedthe girl a little proudly, starting to her feet. "I swear to you that you are the first man that ever whispered words of lore to me. I never thought or cared for any man in that way, never, so help me Heaven ! Say you believe me, dear, for I can honestly look you in the face and tell you that." "Believe you, Endalie ? Of course I believe you." At that moment the door opened, and Mrs Hill came in. "Why, Gerald! The very last person I should have expected to see. There's no thing wrong in the City, I hope ?" "Nothing whatever,dear Mrs Hill," said the young man,as he took her outstretched hand and shook it warmly. "I've got a half-holiday. They have let me out of school for the afternoon." And then he told her of what he termed his "slice of luck," "And now, Mrs Hill," he continued, " I have come as a beggar. A most pertina cious beggar. No amount of handshaking will drive me away. I have talked over Endalie, and practically she refers me to you. Dear Mrs Hill, you will help me, won't you? Of course, my father's death naturally has postponed our marriage, but I am an excitable fellow, and I don't think I could stand the suspense of being away from Endalio. Why, every day, hero in London. I count the minutes till five o'clock, and this sudden move is an honest reason for hastening on our marriage. There's nothing to be got by delay, and you don't know what an extra s'x months of happiness means to a fellow like me. We can be married at once. Even old Malder Whattingham, who is a cantan kerous old fellow, agrees with me that that's the best possible thing for the business. 'Simplest thing in life,' he said. ?Wny, when I married Mrs Whattingham, I went away at eleven, and we had our wedding breakfast at Birch's and I was back again in this chair at two.' And he was. I have often heard it in the office. But I don't go so far as breakfast at Birch's, and going back to the office at two. But can't we say this day week ? " "It is absolutely impossible, Sir Gerald, absolutely impossible," replied Mrs Hill, drawing herself up. "It isn't to be thought of for an instant. It's a kind of hole-and-corner proceeding that I couldn't think of countenancing, and I am quite sure, if Endalie looked at it in a proper spirit, that she would agree with me. Why, it would be a scandal. What would your poor, dear mother have thought of such indecent haste ? Besides, what would everybody say, and what would everybody think of me ? They'd say I didn't want to give a proper breakfast. Besides, every body's married by banns now, and that takes three weeks at least, and then there's Endalie's trousseau. A lady doesn't start on her honeymoon, Sir Gerald, with a Gladstone bag and a handbox. It couldn't be thought of for a moment. And then there's a maid to be engaged, if you're to live in Paris. Endalio would want a maid who spoke the language; and a highly respectable lady's maid who speaks French takes finding, lot me tell you. They don't grow on trees. And then there are the settlements, rm quite sure, dear Sir Gerald, when I've talked it over with Endalie, that she will be of my mind. There are a thousand and one things to be taken into consideration that you men know nothing about. Do you know, Sir Gerald," said Mrs Hill, dropping into a chair and fanning herself violently, "the?. you have quite taken my breath away ?" But Gerald was full of persuasivo eloquence. In his desire to win her over he almost made love to the old lady before Endalie's very eyes, and he only desisted when Mrs Hill very reluctantly promised him that he should have a definite answer within twenty- four hours. And then he stayed to dinner, and after dinner Endalie played and sang to him, and he found himself in the seventh hsaven, and once or twice Mrs Hill leftthe two young people alone. But she came back all too soon for this ardent lover, and at length Sir Gerald took his leave, feeling in his heart of hearts that even a week was a terribly long time to wait. From this it will beconcluded that Sir Gerald Theveney was very much in love indeed. "Give me a cigarette, my dear," said Mrs Hill, "and let's talk it over. Nothing could have happened more opportunely. He must have his way, of course, for in this world one never knows what's going to turn up, and the respectable-looking plain-clothes officer, with the badly fitting boots and a couple of pairs of neat steel handcuffs, may turn up at any moment in our case. But once in Paris, Endalie, and ,a .rricd to him, it's a very different pair of shoes. They might bag me, and if they did, I'd do my time, and you could trust me not to split. And neither Mike Roan nor Ellen would pexch, because, you see, it's worth their while to be silent, and I'd stand to you, Endalic just as lthough I was really your aunt, for you're all I've got in the world, dear,and I feel like a mother to you, and always have, for you're an orn: ment to the profession, and a girl that any woman might ho proud of." "Don't, aunt." said End.alie. "l)on't take me back to it, even in thought. I've done with it for good and all, thank God I Oh I " she cried, as she burst into a flood of passionate weeping, "Oh, that I'could only tell him! " •Tell him, you fool?" cried the elder woman, clutching her wrist. "And what good would that do, pray ? Never trust a man. iHe looks upon you as a little better this the angels. I it once a man finds a woman out, it's all up with her, as you'll learn sooner or later. Why, my girl, if you were to peach, though you were my very daughter, I'd think no more of choking the life out of you than I do of throwing this end into the fire." And flinging the cigarette from her, she suited the action to the word. " For women like you and me, Endalie,. there's no such thing as sentiment or romance. We've got to think of business. We've made our pile, we've got to stick to it, and there's no crying back and showing the white feather now. Do you know what it would mean ? It would mean ten years, ten years of the steel. You don't know what the steel is, my girl. I do. i've had the nails worn off my fingers with picking otikum. I've been fed on skilly and done mly turn in the .darks, till it wasn't a prisoner they'd got, but a dan gerous mad woman. Hoaw would you like to bow and grovel to the female warders, and be dressed like a guy, and have all your pretty hlir clipped off till you looked like one, and to have to clean your cell,and stitch and seat all day long if you were a good conduct woan,a and to be preached at and prayed at by the chaplain and the lady visitors, and to have to turn hypo crite for the chance of getting a good con duct buladge and sugar in your tea? No, Endalie, for the like of you and me there's no turning back." But we must return to Mr Brown. BMr Brown ordered a carriage from the hotel and passed his afternon at the Sweet Waters of Europe, where lie admired the Turkish, Greek, and Armenian ladies, not a few of whom favored him with a smile. Then lie dined. IHe ordered a magnum of Deutz Geldermann '84, and he asked some of his American and English acquaintances to join him. Now there is something vpry seductive about a magnum of Deutz Gel dermuann. It is a difficult sort of thing to refuse, particularly in a place like Con stantinople, where the wines are usually more miscellaneous than good. Mr Blrown and his friends discussed a second mageum, and then, fortified by coffee and liquors, they sallied out together to the Cafe Plon.iust to havealook round, you know. And Mr Brown and his friends greatly admired the Greek and Armenian ladies with the big eyes and the yellow complexions, the full, ripe lips, and the magnificent heads of hair, whom they met there, sauntering about on the arms of their husbands, brother, or fathers, and they agreed that Pera was a very dressy place indeed, and that these semi-oriental types of female beauty, clad in the latest Parisian fashions, which they saw in the garden of the Card Plon, were truly delightful. And perhaps the big, black, bold, bright eyes seemed bigger and brighter and bolder because Mr Brown and his friends had had that second magnum of Dents Geldermann; and they sat and smoked and drank their mastica, as is the custom in Pere, at the little tables, and then some body suggested that they should go up stairs and have another "little flutter." Mr Brown was nothing loath; in fact, he was particularly anxious to have a "little flutter," because, you see, Mr Brown was an observant man. He had looked on the previous evening as Mr Detective-Inspector Bender, and, as we know, nothing could escape the eagle eye of Mr Detective Inspector Bender. And he had fancied, nay, he was almost certain, that the rou lette, as played at the C'afI Pion, was not altogether fair and square. He had noted that when the preponderance of the money staked by the players was on the red, that black invariably won, and vice versd. "And," thought Mr Brown, "if I were not on duty, I think.I could make it rather hot for that bank, because all a fellow would have to do would be to keep on betting small sums upon the colour on which least money was staked to win every time." But Mr Detective-Inspector Poender, being on duty, did not play. lie had occasionally won or lost a perfunctory mejidieh, but that was all. But now, Mr Bender's official d?la:: in Constantinople being finished, he felt that Mr Brown, the tourist, had the right to enjoy him self, and being a good natured fellow, Mr Brown communicated his brilliant idea to the two friends who had accompanied him from the hotel, and all three watched the game for awhile, and came to the conclusion that the ingenious Mr Brdwh's theory was a correct one ; and, perhaps because human nature is human nature, all three men had a "little flutter." They could not "go for" very large sums, because if they had even equalized the two colours then the theory of course wouldn't work. But the three went steadily on with five-frane pieces, occasionally popping on a Turkish lira, and they almost always won. And Mr Brown and his friends, in some twenty minutes, had made quite a nice little thing of it; and while they were re joicing and pulling off coup after coup, and just as Mr Brown, the tourist, had whispered under his breath to his friends. * This is the sort of game a fellow doesn't get tired of," anelectric bellwas suddenly sounded three times in succession,- and then there was the noise of a struggle, and the electric light became suddenly turned ont, and the whole place was in total dark ness for an instant, and everybody seemoed to be scrambling for the money upon the tables, and men began to hit out right and left. And Mr Brown, the tourist, felt that somebody had grasped him round the waist. But he shook himself free in an instant, seized a chair, and nmanaged, by using it as a club, to keep the crowd off him. And then the big door of the room was opened suddenly, and three Turkish officers entered the place, followed by a crowd of zaptiehs, bearing lights. The scene was a rather startling one. The greater portion of the money which had lain upon the various tables had dis appeared or been scattered upon the floor. The head croupier at the roulette table was struggling wildly for the possession of a big steel cash box which contained the bank of which he was in charge, with a bearded Greek of ferocious aspect who was kneeling upon his chest. The dealor at the faro table, an oily-looking Armenian, was comfortably seated beneath it, nursing his cash box as though it had been a baby, while in another corner of the room was a little ntruggling knIot of some half a dozen persons, all of whom had laid violent hands upon. the small steel box which contained the bank of the tronte.et quarante table, and were all pulling different ways, while the croupier, whose face had boon severely cut and was bleed ing profusely, was lying upon the ground shrieking for help, and, hanging on valiantly to the iron box by one handle, acting as a sort of sheet anchor to it. One of the Turkish officers addressed the crowd in Turkish,.aud another made a little speech in French. "Gentlemen I" cried the latter. "Any one found to have been using a weapon will be dealt with very severely. You must all consider yourselves our prisonors. Resistance is utterly useless, and I declare this illicit gambling establishment closed by order of His Excellency Pezzivink Pasha, Minister of Police." Three of the zaptiehs now advanced, and each man carried a sBck. Into it they thrust the roulette wheel, the painted cover of the faro table, and the dealing box and the cards and the scoring bo:ard used at the gaim of trente-et-quar.nte. and the three iron boxes tlhat cont.incl the money of the admuinistlrtion; and then they procee:lded to pick up the coins and ,asnk notes with which the floor was strewn. And then the croupiers, b:anker, anst servauts of the ahlniistrrtstion. h]l.viu. bhen previously searched, were ordlered to leave the plice. They were, of course, all well known to the police, and there was no likelihood of their running away. The French.speaking officer of poliee now seated himself at one of the tables, and produced a portfolio, and one by one .took the names and addressee of all present. -,To those inhabitants of Peru with whom he was acquainted he gave a friendly nod. One or two of the players were ignominiously marched off by the Paptiehs. When it came to the turn of Mr Brown, the tourist, and his friends, they gave their address at the Hotel de Byzance, and produced their passports. "You will hear nothing more of this,' said the polite Turkish police officer " Gambling is, as you are possibly unawaro, illegal, and we have to make these little raids occasionally. Good evening!" Mr Brown and his two friends congratu lated each other as they walked back to the Hotel do Byzance. "I think we air uncommonly well out of it, don't you, sir?" said one, a big Yankee, addressing Mr Brown. "I guess if one of them critturs had laid hands on me, I'd have had to show him what we mean by 'gouging' in the States. Re markable country, Turkey, sir; That's what they do. They forbid play by their laws, and then they quietly proceed to wink at it, and three or four times a year the police people just raid the Cafd Plon as you have seen to-night, and some poor devil or other gets six months' imprison ment as a warning, while the rest of usair allowed to march out with the honours of war, and as for the spondoolics,' they air a perquisite of the police people. That's the system. It's just a rotten country. Wal, here we air at the ho-tel. I guess we had better liquor and retire, for we ain't presentable. My coat's been ripped up the back, and your collar, Mr Brown, seems to have been torn out by the roots. But that was a noble system, sir, you in vented, and we owe you a deep debt of gratitood. I am in this city on business for several months more, and shall exploit that system of yours. They'll play just as usual to-morrow night, you know. But to morrow morning our names will be in the .Levant eratld, and we'll all get an adver tisement for nothing." " Didyou get robbed ?" asked Mr Brown, the tourist. "Wal, no," said the American, "Idid not, sir. They tried all my pockets except the sly one of the pants. That, was were my dollars were." "I was lucky enough to keep my win nings." "So was I," exclaimed the third man. And then the parties called for whiskies and sodas, and went quietly to bed. When Mr Brown was undressing, he found that though his money and his watch were perfectly safe, the little packet containing the two coloured diamonds had disap peared. Mr Detective-Inspector Bender swore a great oath. "That's a stroke of black bad lucc !" he cried. "-Perhaps itwas chance. Perhaps," he added, " Mr Elias, the Jew, was a smarter man than I gave him credit for being. He may have smelt a rat. If he took the stones he won't send Koja Aratoon to ask for the money. In any case, I'll be off by the Orient Express, and I'll just leave the value of the two Igems with the Consul-general. But I'll bring it home to M[oreoni Raccoldi and their friends yet, or I'm a Dutchman. Why. I've actually had the stones in my possession, and I can prove the factby just bringing over that old Armenian broker to Bow Street." Mr Inspector Bender left, as he had de termined, by the Orient Express, after a short visit to the Consulate. And Koja Aratoon was considerably astonished that Elias, the Jew, made no application to him for payment. "He and the Englishmen must have squared it in some way," he thought. "Anyhow, I've been done out of my com mission." (To be ContinudJ. 