Down South. (FBOM OUB OWN CQBBB5F0NDENT.) HOBABT, June 4. Mining folks are likely to hear something about the Anchor claim in the law courts shortly. This will not affectin any way the working of the mine. Some of the members of the local syndicate who worked the mine for year» before it was sold have filed a bill in equity against some of the vendors of the mine, who hold a prominent position in Hobart. The plaintiffs claim a large interest in the purchase money paid by the English syndicate. This the defendants refuse to disgorge. Society, and every female in the community who had a little spare. time in the early morning of Wednesday, journeyed to St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral, to see Miss Marley, the governess to His Excellency's children, married to Major Dease. The ceremony was a plain and homely one. There was no big array of groomsmen and bridesmaids, and the liappy pair, af ter the ceremony was over, partook of a luncheon at Government House, to which a. large number of city notables were invited. Surprise has been expressed that the birthday honor expected by the Mayor.did not come to hand last month. - The honor, so society says, is as sure as that the sun rises in the east, and it will not come until Coronation Day, Some tom-fool has been playing the ghost business in the city far all he is wortti for some time past. He has succeeded in terrfying a few females oat of their wits. He has not yet encountered any of his own sex; when he does it is just possible that he may run against a snag. The Tasmanian News has changed hands and the firstof next month will see the new proprietary step into the shoes of the old one. Mrs Gill steps out of the concern with the well-wishes of everyone. If she has not been as succesful in journalism as she might have been, it has not been for the want of pluck and energy. There is a skeleton in everyone's cupboard, but when Mrs GUI bids good-bye to the " News " she will be able to step into the street and 6ay that she has paid 20s in the £ to everyone. Boag's brewing business down south has tumbled into.popular hands. The name of James is a household word in Hobart. Harry James now controls the issue of the premier popular brew of the north. His record for popularity and geniality is unbeaten. As to his knowledge'of good drinkable stuff,— well, good wine needs no bush. The flotation of M'Lean's water right syndicate, which proposes to supply the town of Zeehan with electric light and motive power to the mines, has been a most succ.ssful one. Mr C. W. S. James, an engineer who enjojs public confidence, has been engaged to carry out the scheme to a successful termination, and, when the session opens a bill will be submitted to Parliament to put the project on a permanent footing. 