THEIR DIFFERENT WAYS. arleri Meth ds of WArdig Of the I.Yw lornYouth: : "I needn't explain-=eed It" with awave of the hand,'s tid the fair haired girl with the pince nez,.who h bronght up the sub ject. "We all know what 'managing' men means in this connection." "Oh, yes," chorused the rest of the group of society girls who were having a comfort able talk in thehedroom of one of the num ber before dispersing for the afternoon siesta. In that chorus but one voice was unrepresented-that of an ignoramus who hadn't even the excuse of being young. She confessed with some hesitation that she didn't just know the meaning of "manag Ing" as they used it. "It's when a man wants to silneeze your hand," kindly explained one of them. "Or kiss you," added another. "Or put his arm around you," volun teered a third, with a strong accent of dis approval. "They have to be managed then, you know, and if possible without hurting their feelings. You don't want a man to think you a prig, but of course you can't permit such things, and it takes a good deal of finessing." "How do you do it, Tessie?" asked the fair haired girl. "You needn't say you've never had occasion, for didn't I see you and" "That's enough," hastily interrupted the one addressed as Tessie. "I don't know what I do; itdepends on the man. Some of them will- take a very slight hint, such as with: -awing he hand, or moviug a foot J or two away; with others, again, I've had to threaten to scream. That alw;: -s fetches them quickly enough." . "Drasy McCullough-Daisy Smith that wa_-, ice gave me a wrinkle," commenced enot'- girL "She said that when a man too' her hand in his" "I don't believe Daisy Smith ever inter fered in such a case," interrupted the fair haired girl decidedly. "Now, that's a shame," began several de fenders, but the fair one with the golden locks peremptorily hushed them up and told them to let Daisy's friend cont!_,ue her story. "Well," the interrupted narrator went on, "she said that whenever a man took her hand she promptly asked him if he didn't want the other one too. 'That knocks all the sentiment fiat as apancake,' Ehe said. 'They can be spoony about one hand, but when you offer them both in that businesslike way theywill simply drop the one they hold and look foolish.' It's funny, 'too, but she was right. I've often tried the plan and never found it to fail." "I always say, 'If you're quite done with my hand, I should like it back again,'" contributed Tessie. "I tried that once," said a very young demoiselle, with a slightly pensive air, "and he told me it wasn't my hand; it was my motL"-'s until I came of age. Whereupon I saitis demurely as Icould,'Well, Charlie, I feel quite certain my mother doesn't want her hand where it is now,' and he laughed, said, 'By Jove, that's sol' and-dropped it." "It doesn't do to be too witty," said Tes sie wickedly. "Hands aren't so much," drawled a hand some southern girl. "It's when they try to kiss you that I want to suggest an ad journment. What's your little scheme, Flora? You always seem to keep their friendship in spite of the snub." Flora was an innocent eyed young person who looked as if "managing" the sterner sex were with her an inborn art. "Oh, Ifix it," the ghost of a smile hovering round her pretty mouth. "As soon as they make an attempt draw back, look reproachful -tears in the eyes, you know, and all that sort of thing-and ask them plaintively if they haven't the slightest respect for me. They of course carnestlyasoure n,. of their profound esteem, and somehow we slide off on other topics, and the whole thing blows over." Then the question went round the circle, "What do you do when a man tries to kiss you?" Each gave her "sure cure," except a girl .rho lounged in a sleepy hollow chair off in a corner. Red was her hair, red her Cupid's bow of a mouth, and "coquette" was written all over her. She glanced around, then said tranquilly, half under her breath: "Don't do anything."-Chicago Tribune Innocent Mai Tompkins. "Mistah Tompkins, has yo' bin to the Christian anthem show at de Aht museum store?" "Yeas,; Mr. Johnsing, I has, an I wsh o' hadn't axed me nunlu'bout it, 'case d wish to disremember de fao' dat I was dere." "Why, what's de 'casion fo' regret? Didn't yo' 'joy de show?" "Well, I did the fus' pahtof de oebin, 'case I had Miss Lucinda wid me." "Well, undah dose crcumstances I don't see as yo' could he'p 'joyin yo'se'f," and Mr. Johnson heaved an envious sigh. "Yaar. Sam, so I ought, so I o:;ht, but you seels one put my foot in it." Mr. John son looked at Mr. Tompkins' feet and ex pected no further explanation, b t Tomp kins went on: "Yo ee, Lucinda were dressed in an am ber co! d gown, and when I done seed d·t but'.:l variety called de s'Bronse Giant' I se kin o' sentimental like [here Sam winced], 'Cindy, dat Christian anthem 'minds me ob you some way.' But she done flew up de chimbly right off, and says she: "I doean tank you, Mistah Tompklnt. I knowed I didn' hab on a bran' new gown jess from Worthesse's, but I hope ,a not ao ragged as dat brown thing,' an sue turn on her heel an marched off, an den Inotioed dat her gown were a little fringy. But I didn' mean nulin," and Tompkins waZlked sadly off, leaving his friend deep la thought.-Chicago Tribune. Cease For Cougrstulatla. Brigge-Girl are queer things, uas they? Grigge--Very. But what make you ~ y so? Brfggs-I was thinking of Miss Redbud. I happened to meet her on the avenne ye terday about noon, and having a few cold bonee in my pocket and being fnspfrd by her new tailor made gown. I asked her into I Del'as. Griggfs-Did she acceptt Br! s-At first she said shedidn'tcare I for anything, and then she said sh be - lieved she did feel a little tsint. Say, old man, did you ever take a girl out to lunch when she felt a little faint? Griggs-No. Did she eat anthing? Brigge-Did she eat anythingl Well, sir, that girl grabbed the menu, took a light nlng glancae at It, said she wasn't ftaling very hungry, and then she ordered- Grigg-WVell, what did she ordert Brflggs (impressively)-She orderedcsarm and bouillon, lobster cuantlet. sweethreada and peas, chicken a la Mryland, shrlmp salad, blacuit glaeo, macarooan, ao d a creme de menthe. Gaest Seol I?tDa me 14 Grggs (thoughtfulyb)-'We Q e3 YOU ought to be glad. Brlawm--Gld! Whbt.*ee CERTAiSLY the best known medicine is B~ANDsER and 0 Sx's EUCALYPTI EXTRACT Test its eminent powerful effects in coughs, colds influenza: the relief is instantaneous. In serious causes and accident of any kind be they wound burns, scaldings, bruises.;prains, it is the safest remedy-no swUlling -.no inflammation: Like surprising effects produced in crcup, diph theria, inloammation of the lungs, swelling, kc., diarhosa, dysentry or cases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and al-. medical clinics all over the globe; patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy; crownaed with medal and diploma Internationa Exhibi tion Amsterdam. Trustin this approved article and reiect all other Mr. C. T. Stubb, once a well-known cricketer, but now a missionary in China, addressirg an Exeter Hall audience, said he thought he could s ak in the name qf rport, and he could assure his hearers that the sport of preaching the Gospel to the heathen exeelled the sports of cricket, football, shooting, or any other 5Pork , 