UNDER. THE HAMMER. BY MARY LOVETT CAMERON. {Author of "At a Moorish Window," &c;,} CHAPTER IV. REAPING THE WHIKLWIND. It is May in Paris. The ca fts-chantants in the Champs Elyeee have reopened, and amid the tender green of the young chestnut trees, their rows of glowing gas lamps shine out into the pale twilight on the soft spring night. A motley crowd throngs the gates of "Les Ambassadeurs," and squeezes into the rows of benches facing the singers' platform. All sorts and conditions of men sit here sipping their consomrnaiioua side by side, and to the observer of human nature, they form by far the most amusing part of the show. There are Bntish tourists, of course, who look on a cafi-chanlants as a "sight to be done," sit bolt upright, and are very much bored if they do not understand French. Their offended propriety contrasts amusingly with the easy-going toleration of the Parisian bourgeois couples, who have come out to enjoy themselves, and are not going to spoil their pleasure by being shocked at anything-. These worthy souls even bring their child with them, who eats bon-bons and drinks syrup all the time, and is regarded by the tourists with feelings of mingled surprise and disgust. Then there are young men of languid aspect and faultless attire, who have dropped in to hear the song of one particular star, and who depart as soon as that is over. There are parties of students who have deserted their quartier for one night only, and waft gentle reminders of its stale smoke, old clothes, and absinth to the neighbouring benches. O is evening of which I write two ladies, ^.-umpanied by a gentleman, strolled into "Les Ambassaaeurs at a late hour of the evening. They were English, but not of the tourist type. The ladies' dresses were evidently Parisian, and their owners seemed perfectly at home in their surroundings. One of them was small and fair, her complexion was almost too good to bs true, and her dress verged on extravagance. She stared about her, and soon discovered two young men of her acquaintance, with whom she chattered and laughed rather shrilly. The other lady sat quite still, leaning back and letting the others talk across her. Her large blue, black- lashed eyes looked absently on the garish scene around her. and a stransre smile, half sad, half disdainful, curled her full, crimson- lips. The man who accompanied them east anxious glances at her from time to time. Presently he leaned towards her and asked— " Are you tired, Hermia?" She clasped her hands together rather nervously, but she ahswered indifferently—"Not at all." " This jabber is boring you then. What do you say to a drive in the Bois? It is a splendid night." " If Mabel will come. I don't mind." Lord Kilve turned away to look after a showily dressed woman who walked up the gangway at this moment, and did not notice a sudden change in his companion's face; she, too. had recognised a figure in the crowd. "Tata Manola!" muttered Dick, "I wonder what she is doing here?" Hermia bent over to her friend. "Mab, do vou know Alban is here? 1 ' "Alban! 'Where?" "A few rows behind to the left." The other glanced back. " He does not see us," she said. "I think he does," said Hermia. Lady Kilve fell silent. The glimpse she had caught of an honest bronzed face behind her had called np memories which struck a chill on her mirth. The gaslights suddenly looked more glaring, the gestures of the singers more imbecile, and the song seemed more drivelling than ever. The faces of people about her looked like grimacing masks; there seemed something uncanny about this gaping, senseless mirth. A huge female in green satin contorted herself on the stage. Her sonj* was full of double meanings; the audience joined in the refrain —"boutique—ique— ique." What was the double meaning of all this soulless gaiety and blaring, gaudy show? Mabel could. bear it no longer. *' Hermia!— Dick ! Have you not had enough of this? Let us go." Miss Temple rose instantly, and they went out. At the door Mabel looked back, but amongst the sea of faoes she could no longer distinguish that one she songht. A moment she lingered, but her husband was calling "Come along, Mabel; hare is a fiacre." They got in. "S u Bois," said Lord Kilve. ''Put me down at the hoteL You and Hermia can go on for your drive without me. I am tired,"said Mab; and they did as she asked. "Near the gate of the Bois de Boulogne, facing the Avenue du Bois, there is a cafe to which Parisians do dtuch resort on fine summer nights, when the scene is as gay as at midday. Lights gleam through the trees, waiters run hither and thither carrying ices, absinths, syrups, &c.;, to the people grouped under the verandah and among the shrubberies, corks pop, and noisy, laughter rings through the night air. "Drive on," said Dick, as their coachman showed signs of pulling up for refreshment, and on they went into the dark, cool alleys of the wood. The driver, resigning himself to circumstances, took off his stiff hat and put it beside him on the box; he let the horses fall into a walk, and, hanging the reins over the whipcase, relapsed into a doze. The sounds of revelry died away behind them, soon not a sound broke the dreamy stillness of the.night save the song of the nightingale, somewhere in the thicket. Hermia sat still looking straight before her; memories were crowding her brain. The sight of Alban had called them up, and the gulf that lay between her and the past seemed spanless. Her grandfather's death, which left - her dependent on the Calverts fojr a home, had changed her surroundings as -completely as Dick Hardcastlo's proposal to Mabel immediately upon his becoming Lord Kilve had "altered her views of life. The first gave her an opportunity, the second a motive. She becam& a woman of the world, but she remained unmarried. People thought her heartless, and sometimes told her sc in language veiled by politeness. She was " hard to please," "cold," and soon, they said. She only smiled. "Would to God I were," she thought, presently Dick said— " How much longer is the farce to last?" "Till I go back home, I suppose, and then the curtain falls for ever." " You don't mean that?" He turned towards her. " I do." "And I mean otherwise. You are no s|Ltimental fool, Hermia, you can comprehend -jow I was forced to marry Mabel. When my uncle died it was that or ruin; a title and debts, a fine old place and not a sou to keep it up. We live in a world of facts, and our acts have to bs governed by them. I had to marry money." " This I have heard before." "But—and this i3 what you have taught me^. Hermia, there is a world outside, above, bey&nd; all that. Till I knew you I disbelieved in its existence. . Now I cannot live without it." He leaned towards her and took her hand. She did not withdraw it. The sweet night air blew in their faces; the leaves gently whispered as it. passed by sighing; the stars looked down trom the deep blue vault overhead. His roiee sank, and its tones grew deeper and fuller. " That life, Hermia, we can still live. We go out into the other <jf necessity for the business of existence—but we come back to this to live and to be happy. You are my inspiration, mv better self. Everything is changed when I am with ycu. I love vou, Hermia." Nearer and nearer Jie was drawing her to him, passive outwardly, inwardly torn with a passion of love and pity. Suddgnly she started and stiffened herself in his grasp. ' "Mabel's money—my love. " You cannot cheat the devil." "Why not? . I give Mabel all she asks, a title and a presentable husband with it. I leave her free, as she leaves me. No, Hermia, the world is not so hard as it seems; if it demands our outward homage, it leaves our hearts free. Love is not bought and sold." Hermia sat up straight; with a sudden movement-she freed herself from -Dick's encircling arm and put her hand on his shoulder. Her breath came quick, almost in sobs. " No—love is not sold—but honour is. You are Mabel's husband, and your honour is pledged to her." " Bah! A man's honour is only pledged to his wife so far Js outward decency is concerned. Our laws recosnise thai." "Then," as Lady Teazle says, "we had better leave honour out of the question." Hermia's voice was har^h now. "Ttis a onesided sort of arrangement you propose. You keep your money, your position—your—honour —.md I—am to ]o c e ail." "No. Hermia." " 'L-To lose nljf It has been said. ' All for lo^ and the world well lost.' But that must be on both sid^. not only on one " "You sha'l lo«e nothinsr through me." "Nothing." He was near her again, speaking quick!" and pantinely— " Ask a!! safeguards, nil sacrifices—T tell you, Hei-mia. T cannot live without you. When you are away life is as flat as sour milk, only when you are there it is worth living. Trust me—I will see that nothing falls on you, neither suspicion nor loss. You love me. Hermia, I feel it in ever} 1 breath you draw— and you can make a man of "me, a man of whom you shall be proud. I have it in me to be other than the idle spendthrift you have known. I had no ambition to be better before I knew you, but now it shall be otherwise, it shall indeed." "It is too late." "Too late! No. My chance has come, I have money, an assured position, a seat m the Lords, and with your love as my reward I will turn these advantages to account. You shall see me a Secretary of State, perhaps an Ambassador, Hermia. But reject me and you make me desperate. I live for excitement, and good or bad I must have it. I will not take on me the burden of public life unless you promise me my reward. Now choose, Hermia. You hold my fate in your hands." " Dick, you torture me!"' " Choose." He grasped her hands in his and s she felt his breath upon her cheek—" You are mine." "No; "never ! n Without another word Dick flung open the carriage door and jumped out. He disappeared in the darkness of the night. " Drive home, " said Hermia to the coachman. The man grinned as he turned his horse round. " A lover's quarrel," he thought; " we shall pick up the monsieur presently.'" But they did not. CHAPTER V. EXIT DICK. Alban Challoner was attached to the English Legation at Paris. After five years in the East he had come back to Europe with a reputation for skill and daring in conductine difficult negotiations, which promised to carry him far in his profession. The Carlist war was barring the Pjcrenean frontier, when it was found necessary to send important despatches from tho Embassy at Paris to Marshal Serrano's army on the borders of Gnipuzcoa. A speedy reply was wanted, and Alban volunteered to break through the Carlist lines with the #despatohes instead of sending them round by the safer but more circuitous route. "You will carry your life in your hand. Every suspected spy is shot on the spot," said his chief. " I have juggled with my life for the last five years with no worse results than vou see. I will answer for the despatches; for the rest, it is my affair." So he went. Reaching Biarritz he found himself among one of tho oddest crowds that Europe could muster. There were refugees from Las Provinzias, as the seat of war was called by its inhabitants, anxiously awaiting news of the homes which they had abandoned at a moment's notice, and many of which were already heaps of smoking ruins. There were emissaries from Don Carlos looking out for volunteers or negotiating loans; fillibusters ready to sell their valiant persons to the highest bidder; jostled spies who were similarly in the market; journalists abounded, and were the joy and prey of all the liars in Biarritz (aud God wot if those were many); and last, but not least, gamblers of ail nations aud both sexes, were going daily to Fohtarabia, where across tho frontier an enterprising firm had started a gambling hell just out. of reach of the law of either country,'and contentedly made their profit out of the pulitioal troubles of the day. Then there were the camp-followers of this motley crew. No wonder Biarritz was fulL Into tlus witches' cauldron Alban plunged one evening, arriving by the day mail from Paris. He had turned over various projects for accomplishing his purpose on the journey, and he had come to' the conclusion that his best chance lay in trading on the reputation for poking their noses into places where their presence is both unnecessary and dangerous, which our countrymen have acquired abroad; and he therefore decided to give himself out as a young Irishman come for a lark, just to see a bit of a fight. Following out this idea, he took a room at the Hotel d' Angleterre as Mr. O'Halloran, and dined alone, not wishing to run the chance of meeting with acquaintances at the table d' h6te. There were folding doors between his room and the next, to which he demurred at first, but was told that "Biarritz was so full he must consider himself lucky in getting a comfortable room at all. Besides, the waiter ad (Jed that the doors in question only led into the private sitting-room of an English " Milor,"and that heand his wife used it but liftle. Having eaten, and decided on his movements for the morrow, Alban fell into a dose over the wood fire, which the chilly evenings of late autumn made desirable. The dangers of his enterprise seemed greater now that he was close upon the frontier. His fellow-passengers in the train had been full of the savage reprisals 'which the merciless severity of the Government troops had evoked from the wild guerilleros. Dozing off, he seemed to be a child again playing on the slopes at Keswell. His two playfellows were near him. ' Mab, with her golden curls floating in .the wind, Hernia bright and earnest. They played in the woods at Giants. Blunderbore.had taken the girls captive. He, Alban, was the rescuing knight. Mab held out her arms. Terror was in ner blue eyes. " Save me—Ah! I am afraid," she cried. He started, and woke up in the bare hotel room. The great white-audgold folding-doors were before him as when he fell asleep, but the voice was ringing in his ears. " You frighten me!" it said again—and now he was wide awake, and the voice was Mabel's: Then a man spoke—" Write what I tell you. I must bave £1,000 to-morrow^ I must, I tell you; my honour is pledged." "I will write nothing more. Papa forbids me. It is madness. You have rnined yonrself, flifca are ruining me. Have some manliness—some mercy—Dick. At least, 1 thought I married a gentleman when I took you." "We bought and Bold. You are Lady Kilve and your noble husband is a scoundrel. Your bargain has turned out less well than you expected. So has mine. Take that pen and sign." The speaker must, have emphasized his words by some action, for there was a little cry of pain. "Let go!" Alban had risen while the above sentences were rapidly exchanged, and hardly knowing what he did approached tho folding-doors. His fist was raised to smash them asunder, when with a mighty effort he controlled himself, hastily left his room, and knocked at the door of the adjoining one. "Who's there?" cried Lord Kilve. Alban opened the door without more ado. Mabel in full evening dress sat beside the table, her poor little painted face looking pinched under the gas of the chandelier, her eyes wide with terror and grief. Behind stood Dick bending over her. He had seized her slender wrist—he dropped it rtbw with a muttered oath. The handsome Dick Hardcastle was strangely changed—hacgard, unkempt, deathly pale, save for some crimson patches like bloodstains on his livid face; he was but the ghost of his brilliant past. Alban saw that he had been driijking. " Pardon me fcr disturbing you at so late an hour, but I leave to- morrow early, and so old a friend I thought might be excused." He looked at Mabel, and his manner was as cool and composed as if they had met in a ballroom. " Surely," she murmured, " I am glad"— she could get no further in her speech of welcome. "You are tired, I see. Don't let me keep you up. I will see you to-morrow morning before I start, I hope. If Lord Kilve will be so kind as to step intb my room, which is next to this, and smoke a cigar with me, I shall be glad." "I have business," muttered Dick. "I also have important business on hand. I believe you can inform me what time the gamers leave for Fontarabia to-morrow?" " I can, I am going myself." " Pray come with me, Lord Kilve. We can be mutually useful to each other. I will not detain you long." He shook hands with Mabel, who, seeming half bewildered by her reprieve, left the room by another door. When she was gone, Alban said shortly:— "Shall I speak here?" " As you plesse," sfrid Dick. _ "Look here, Lord Kilve,"said Alban,jfixing his clear, grev eye on the dim orb at the drunkard and gambler, " I had the misfortune to be dozing in the next room, when I was awakened by the sound of voices in this room. You know what I heard. Now, I have an offer to make to you; you can accept it and be a man, or reject it and remain a cur. Hark! My business is one of life and death. The Government will pay a large sum to get these despatches passed through the Carlists. My professional reputation is at stake. I know no Spanish, and I am going to try and pass through as a mad travelling Englishman who has come to sea the fun, but I absolutely require a servant who can speak the language and who knows the country. I was trusting to my lucky star to pick up one. I remember heating that your mother was Spanish, that you speak the language like a native, aud that you used frequently to travel in these parts. You have also the type. Will vou play for your life instead of bullying your wife?" Albans calm, measured tones restored Dick's shattered faculties; he pulled himself together and considered. He saw the folly of resenting Alban's words; indeed, his better self respected the man. " How about the meney? I owe it; I must pay it to-morrow. "Strike the bargain and I give you a cheque on a Paris banker to-morrow morninir." Dick stared. Alban added impatiently— " I tell you they have trusted the thing to me to pull through. They will honour any cheque I draw." "Ho knew that half of it must come from his own pocket; he had only carte blanche up to a certain sum, but he was willing to pay it for the sake of his old dead love. Dead, since he looked on the painted butterfly at the cafechantant. but sacred for all that. "I will go," said Dick. " Come and borrow clothes from one of the waiters here, or rather buy his, for we mil take them to Fontarabia. You change there and you are Pierre Soto, my manservant, till we are in Serrano's lines or in eternity." "Done!" said Dick, and this strangely assorted pair set forth. The little town of Hernani echoed to fhe sound of the cannon posted on the heights beyond the Urumea River, and which were pounding away at the great gates of the town. These walled villages of the Yascongadas— for it is an exaggeration to call them towns— perched on hilltops, their brown church-toners in the midst, the houses pressed together inside the encircling wall, tell a tale of centuries of frontier warfare. Unprotected villages do not exist here, for they would have been burnt to the ground long ago. On the slope towards the river a country house with green shutters and a wide, -cool verandah covered with creeping plants, stood amongst pleasant grounds. There was a strange contrast between its peaceful aspect and the great rent in the masonry of one corner, where a stray cannon- ball had made its undesired entry. The once carefully-kept garden was full of such missiles, which had torn up grass lawns and flower-beds. The bouse itself would have been burnt to the ground long ago, for the family had fled, but for one thing—that was the red cross -which hung over the door. An ambulance had been established there, and even the fierce mountaineers respected that sign. A woman stood under the verandah looking anxiously down towards the river, where the remains of a fine old stone bridge, the middle arches of which had been blown np, spanned the stream. She wore a narse's dress, and the red cross was on her arm. A peasant with his arm in a sling joined her. " What is it. Juan?" she asked in Spanish, but her accent showed she was a foreigner. " They have caught two spies. Saait Cruz's men brought them in, and were for flinging them in the river at once, but the captain has interfered, and they are being brought up here; one was wounded in trying to escape. The woman shuddered. The fighting curt, Santa Cruz, who like the bishops of the middle ages, himself led his flock to the fray, was known to her, and the band of men he led were, if the bravest, also the wildest and most fanatic among those daring and desperate guerilleros. " They may be innocent," she said. "It is not certain what may be their business. One says he is a mad Inglfe out for a frolic, and the other is his servant, but Santa Craz does not believe a word of their story, and el C pitan is going to enquire further. Ah! here they come." A little party of men Appeared climbing the low wall which separated the garden fit the casa de cawtpo from the willow beds.along the river side. Over they came, active fellows with spare lithe figures, holding themselves as men do who are used to carry heavy weights poised on their heads. They were all armed with guns and "navajas,"as the long knives are oeSled, without which no Spaniard of the lower classes goes. On their heads they wore the white t Carlist "gorro," round their waists crimson "fajas," or sashes, other nbiform they had not. Their feet were shod with the sandals whieH-»re universally worn in the Yaseongadas, and which have been .adopted by all Spanish regiments on the maroh. with the result thatthe soldiers never go footsore. The prisoners were hurried on in their midst with scant ceremony. As they came np the slope before the house, the nurse gave a violent start, and leaned against the piil&r; of the verandah. 1 "Good God! Alban and Dick! What fate has brought them here together?" Uncertain whether any interference on-her part wonld be for the good or harm of the prisoners, Hermia Tempest withdrew further into the shade of the verandah, and listened to their examination, herself nnseen. Since she had thrown up her worldly life, upon her parting with Dick in the Bois de Boulogne, and after a year's training yi a London hospital, had come out with the English Ambulance to this wild and cruel war, she had seen bo many terriKIe tWnox (Mid wifcnwwd. mjph suffering and so many deaths, that her nerves were proof against any shock; she hstenod eagerly, ready to make use of the dightest circumstance which might be turned to the advantage of the prisoners. Dick seemed unhurt, but Alban had a blood-stained rag tied round his headland one arm hung powerless by his side; he had evidently not been "taken without a struggle. In the questioning which followed, Alban had to trust entirely to Dick's interpretation. Dick stuck to the tale of the mad Irishman O'Halloran: as for himself, he was the servant Pierre, half-Spanish, half-French, and he had been engaged by Senor in Paris for the trip because he knew the country. The officer listened with the immovability of the Oastilian. He was a handsome fellow of the high-bred, courteous, and dignified type. When Dick had answered his interrogatory, h^said— "This fellow is not what he say5, I see it in his eyes, I hear it in the tones of his voice. He is not a servant nor half a Frenchman; I don't know what he is, except a liar, of which I am sure. As for the English toco, he may be nil that man says, he looks a fool, like all his countrymen, I would let him off were he alone, but the companionship he is in condemns him. Take them both away, and hang them on the nearest tree!" There was an instant's pause. Alban under- Stood nothing savethegesture, whioh hepuessed to be condemnatory, and he folded his arms -with an air of resignation. -A wave of some strange passion passed over Dick's face, and he looked down. Then he raised his eyes, and as he did so he saw Hermia on the balcony, peering over the heads of the soldiers; she could no longer restrain herself, and was close against the railings, leaning over white and breathless. Alban was looking away across the river; he did not see her. Dick turned to the officer with a mocking Iaugli. " You are a clever fellow, mi Capitan, but not quite so clever as you think. As you have made up your mind to hang me, I may as well make a clean breast «f it. I am a "spy, but that English loco (madman) is not in the secret. He is my dupe. His errand in this country is one that a gallant fellow Kke you, Capitan, will understand. He has come in search of his sweetheart, who is nu?ging your wounded somewhere about here. I engaged as his servant as a means of getting across the frontier. Ho has been useful to me, and my honour as a Spaniard will not allow me to involve an innocent man in my fate." "Ah!" Hermia could not restrain a cry. Admiration—pity—fear, & thousand conflicting feelings surged up in her breast. Alban turned—" Hermia! Good God!" "There! Is it not as I said*:"" and Dick lauelied again, not a pleasant laugh to hear. The Captain twirled his moustache. As a Spaniard, a love tale was to him the most likely and the most excusable explanation of a young man's folly. "Let the Englishman go to his novia,'' he said, after a minute's thought. "She is an angel and may cure him of those scratches, and then marry him if she will. As for the spy, he must die, but his confession shall save him from the ignominy of hanging, we will give him a soldier's death. Put his back against the garden wall and let him have a bullet in his heart." The Captain walked away; the soldiers hurried Dick with them round the corner of the house, and Alban was left free. Bewildered, he turned to join Hermia on the verandah, but as ha reached the step he staggered and fell, faint from the loss of blood. She was beside him applying restoratives in a moment. Presentlv he raised his head. "How is it? What did he say? Why am I spared?" " Dick Hardcastle sscved you. Ah !" Two shots in quick succession near at hand told that a misspent life had ended, not ignobly. THE EXD. 