OTIAPTEB HASD LINES. "Deuce take the luck." That was the phrase which embodied my sentiments as t kicked heels in the outer office of tie Flower. Steamship Company while the Directors deliberated on my case in the seclusion of the Board-room. I was as 3ertain of " the sack" as man could be. T know it from the proverbial devotion of Dur Board to red-tape; I knew it from the sympathetic -glances flung at me by the clerks from behind the great brass-rimmed counters; I knew it from what good old Beatson-kindliest of skippers-prophesied when he promised to "speak a word;" ind, above all, I knew it because I am a sailor, and, believing in presentiments, believed "in that which told me that my hour* as iirst; oNicer of the " Dahlia " were immbeml. J>ireei ors are fond of lettiug their jaw tackle run, so as they are sife for another ten minutes before they have me in for seutence, I may as 'well spend the interval in overhauling my log off what has thrown me on my beam-ends. My name is Cyril Forrester, at that tima thirty years old, five feefc ten in my stockings, sound in wind and limb, and holding a master's certificate in the mercantile marine, though never yet in command of-a vessel, andi under present circumstances never likely fco be. The Flower Line of steamships, as every one knows, plies between London ind Calcutta, touching at the chief Mediterranean porta; and the -little in cident which gave those grim old hunkses in the Board-room the chance to get theit knives into.iue occurred on the last voyage out. We had left London on a Tuesday after noon, and all went -well till the following Thursday morning, when we were steering a steady fifteen knots across the mouth oi the Channel. It was my watch, and except for the quartermaster, who was steering, I was alone upon the bridge, the captain being at breakfast in the saloon. The weather was thick, with a nasty choppy sea, and the third officer, who shared my charge of the deck, was forward on the fo'castle seeing that the look-out man didn't go to sleep. Suddenly my ears were startled by a scrunching crash from, as far as I could judge, about two hundred yards off on the port beam, followed by screams and shouts which told me as plain as words could speak that two vessels were in collision close at hand. Almost at the same moment the haze broke a little, and showed me the black hull of a steam-collier slinking away to the westward, and a smart, yawl-rigged yacht cut down to the water's edge, and with scarcely a minute to float. . r altered the " Dahlia's" course so as to bring her round to the sinking craft, sing ing out at the same time to the third officer to clear away a boat. As we neared the yacht I could see that all was confusion on her, and no wonder; her one boat was stove in, and the rascally collier, instead of standing by to help, was already out of sight in the mist. To make matters worse, I caught sight of ladies on the doping deck, and I knew that unless the pawl floated a few minutes longer they would be in danger, since our ship came round but slowly on a jammed helm. I was keeping one eye on the men en gaged in lowering the boat and the other on the yacht, when she plunged forward, then staggered back and went down stern foremoEt, leaving her people struggling in the sea. Our boat was Btill at the davit, the freshly-painted gear working stiffly, and I could see that any one who was not a strong swimmer would be swept away and drowned before they could be picked up. It was no time to reckon rules and consequences, and almost before I knew what I was going to do my shoes were kicked off and I had taken a header from the bridse. Our ship had greatly reduced the dis tance, and a few strokes brought me to the scene of the disaster, where about a score of people were keeping themselves afloat in the best way known to them. Luckily the yacht was too small to have sucked them I down. An elderly gentleman in flannelSj with a life-belt on, was hanging on to a spar, and a man who looked like the sailing master was supporting a lady who was Bcreaming at the top of her voice some word which I could not make out. The rest-all men, and evidently the crew were sjvimming strongly towards the " Dahlia." I was beginning to think that I had been rather too officious, when a draggled whisp of blue serge, rising in' the water between me and the gentleman on the spar, caused me to change my mind and feel glad that I had come. It was the insensible form of a woman,'floating limply to the surface for the first time after immersion, and on the point of sinking again, when I managed to grab her by the arm. I noticed no more than that she was young and lay quite a featherweight in my embrace, for my chief concern was now with the arrival of the boat. Looking round, I was glad to see it coming towards us fast, while the " Dahlia" herself wa3 standing on at quarter speed lest she should run down the yacht'3 crew, who were already reaching ber side. Seeing how I was hampered, the third officer steered his boat straight for us, and after picking us up went on for the sailing, master and his burden, last of all taking in the man on the soar. Five minute3 later wo were all safe on board the " Dahlia," and the two ladies, who were alone the worse for the accident, were handed over to our surgeon , and stewardess. The passengers, who had come up from the saloon to witness the reseue, crowded round me with the usual fus3 of congratulation and curiosity, so that an other ten minutes passed before I could slip into dry clothes and join the captain on' the bridge. He shook hands with me warmly, but he was looking as solemn as a church. " This is going to epd badly, Forrester, I am afraid," he said. " Tou only did what any decent chap would have done, but you know as well as I do that it was dead against the rules. To leave the bridge with no one in charge is a heinous crime with the wiseacres of Leadenhall Street, and I am bound to log the incident." " I never gave the rule a thought," I said, " and I don't believe it would have made any difference if I had." There having been no loss of life, the ex citement soon calmed down, and we stood on our course southward. It was ascer tained that the sunken yacht " Norah" had been chartered for a channel cruise by Sir Simon Crawshay, the elderly man who had saved himself by clinging to a spar, and that the ladies were respectively his sister, Mrs Beauchamp, and his ward. Miss Aline Challenor, the latter being the girl whom I had managed to pick tip. In the course of the morning I heard that Miss Challenor had quickly revived under the surgeon's treatment, and that Sir Simon had decided to go on in the "Dahlia" to Naples, whence he would be able to take his party home overland more expeditiously than from Gibraltar. I saw no more of the ladie3 that day, but driving the afternoon, being off duty, I was talking to some of our own passengers on deck, when Captain Beatson passed in con versation with Sir Simon. The latter had been fitted with dry clothes by some pas senger, and he appeared to be none the worse for his dip. I cannot say that I took much of a lilting for the man. I saw by the furtive way he kept his eyes askance that he had recognised me, and one would have thought that under the circumstances he would have wished to say something civil. But they passed and repassed several times on their promenade, Sir Simon always at that moment finding an object of interest at the other side of the deck, and Captain Beatson too busy with his discussion to notice surroundings. At about the fifth turn, however, the skipper's eyes chanced my way, and he at onee brought his companion to a halt, introduc ing me as the officer who got Miss Challenor into the boat. (P Now though I come of a fairly decent family myself, my father having been a clergyman and the grandson of a peer, I went to sea so early that my dealings with the aristocracy have been limited. I was therefore not Bure -whether Sir Simon Crawshay's manner towards myself arose from blue blood or from a black heart; but even if it was infra dig- for a baronet to extend his gratitude to a mere officer in the Merchant Service, I thought it singular that he should show such callousness about hi3 ward's escape. " Oh, indeed! very interesting, and all that sort of thing, I!m sure/'j was the extraordinary reception he accorded me, adding, with an artificial smile designed apparently to show an expensive set of false teeth, " And did you find the water cold ? " Then, without waiting for a reply, he put his hand on the captain's arm and wheeled him round to continue his. promenade. "He's a beast, Forrester-a perfect beast/' the skipper said to me when we were alone upon the bridge together that evening. " His treatment of you was only on a par with his conversation with me. He is thinking a good deal more of the j Io3s of his effects on the yacht than of the safety of his sister and his-'ward." It wa3 not till the next morning that Aline Ch&Ilenor; appeared on deck and I formed the acquaintance that was destined to lead to such wonderful things. I can see her now, as she came forward with both hands outstretched, a dainty fairy of a girl, with a clear, fresh complexion and real violet eyes that could be frank without being forward. Her own simple bl ue serge yachting dress had been dried and put to rights for her, and I should never have recognised in the smart little figure the poor pale, half-drowned creature whom I bad held in my arms the day before. As she thanked me in a few words for my help, I thought I had never seen such a pretty girl before, and-there! as the whole-of the story hinges on it there is no need-for Mcrecy-I fell over heels in love tritfrjier fehera and than, t very sfedto bavfl been of use" 3 snid, trying not to show my admiration in my face. <^"But there is really no reason why you especially should thank me. You see I just ' went it blind,' and it was as likely to hare been one of the other3 I chanced upon as you. I am glad it wasn't, though." " You shall not rob me of my gratitude," she replied. " At any rate it didn't happen to be one of the others, and it did happen to be me, and-and I shall never forget it." From that beginning our friendship grew rapidly, as it only can on ship-board, and by the time the " Dahlia's H bows were turned eastward through the Straits it had ripened into that latter phase of friendship in which, without awkwardness, there can be long silences. Sir Simon's demeanour towards me continued curt and distant that of his sister, Mrs Beauchamp, equally j so-but he could not very well forbid his j ward to speak to the man who had saved j her life, and though it was plain that he riewed our increasing intimacy with cynical dislike, he probably counted on the coming separation at Naples to put ah end to it. If so, he -was out of his reckoning by about thirty hours. We were that time distant from our port of call, and I remem ber as if it were yesterday what a beautiful Mediterranean evening it was, when Aline and I shook off the chrysalis shell of friendship for the golden butterfly of love. I found her behind the aft wheel house-that time-honoured tryst of sea going lovers. For several minutes we watched the white streak eddying from the screw without speaking. Then I said " Aline, are you sorry that your voyage on the ' Dahlia' is se nearly at an end ?" It was the first time I had called her by her Christian name-a fact of which the significance will be appreciated by tho.se who have " been there" themselves. Her answer came, faltering a little, but prompt enough for me ."You know I shall/' and then after a pause was shyly added the one word -"Cyril." ; ,. . This i3 no love story-there ia sterner work ahead-and I have'not space, even if I had the trill, to write down here" the words in which my sweet girlv and I plighted our troth. All I can say is, that though I had seen thirty years without any sweet-hearting, . it came natural enough at last, and that when we left the shelter of the wheelhouse we were bound by every promise to be faithful to each other against all odds, all opposition. As the time we should have together was to be so short, we decided to keep our secret till my return from the Eastern voyage, when I could try to secure Sir Simon's consent to a formal engagement. Aline would not come of age for a year, and in the meanwhile, under her father's will, ahe was not permitted to take any step without her guardian's sanction, though in our new- found happiness we paid but little heed to possible opposition from that quarter. At the worst there would bo but nine nonths, from the date of my re turn, to wait before she would be her own mistress. So we parted, full of hope and mutual trust, in the bright sunshine of Naples Bay, and here I was, on the day after the " Dahlia's" return, waiting to be carpeted for the " grave dereliction of duty" which had given Aline back her life. Even as I came to the end of my reverie a bell rang, and a clerk invited me to step into the Board-room, where one glance at the faces of my censors told me my fate at once. The chairman, an old follow whiskered all round his face like a cat, and having a fierce eye, rose at once-rose, loo, as if ho liked the lob. "We have fully considered your case,. Blr Forrester," he Baid. ." Wliile quite re cognising the gallantry of your act, we cannot pass over the breach of the com pany's rule which forbids an officer to leave the bridge till another officer has come up to take his place. Ao a practical sailor you must see that the ship, and -ahem-the lives of the passengers might be endanger© by such an irregularity. "We regret it exceedingly on many grounds, bat your employment by the company must terminate with the voyasre iusfc concluded." On" the whole I managed to keep my temper, but I said a few polite things about their rules which made the old gentlemen look very thoughtful before I bowed myself out -and stepped down into the street, a cast-off servant. My first impulse was to charter a hansom and drive to the address in Grosvenor Square at which Aline said 1 should find her, but then there rushed over me the sudden remembrance that the situation had altered. For the present I was a broken man; and, although I did not despair of getting another berth, a feeling of pride urged me to take some steps to that end before pre senting myself to Sir Simon. I knew not then that my girl was a great heiress, and that a first mate's proposal for her hand would be nearly as presumptuous as that of a penniless pavement-trotter. I knew a restaurant frequented by merchant service men near Fen church Street Station where the shipping news papers were taken, and thither I made my way to see if the advertisement columns had anything in store for me. Seating myself at one of the round tables, I gave an order " for the good of the house," and started to go through the list of vacancies systematically, but without finding the ghost of an opening ia my line. Finally flinging the papers aside in disgust, I -rose to leave the place, when my eye was caught j by a written notice stuck on the walL It | ran as follows :- ' "The owners of the screw-steamship j ' Queen of Night/ 7,000 tons, used as a pleasure cruiser or ocean yacht, require a commander having the necessary certifi- i cates. In addition to the usual qualifi cations as to seamanship, etc., he must be Df good social address and able to act as host to the passengers on terms of equality. Apply to Nathan & Co., 316, Harp Alley, Fenchurch Street." - . As I finished reading, apd before I had digested the words, a lean hand was laid upon my shoulder, while ja garlic-flavoured, voice crocked in my ear: "Thenotishis to your liking, my young captain, J hone?" Turning quickly on my heel, I saw that he who had accosted me was a little shrivelled old Jew-or, rather, the quin? tessence of about fifty Jews boiled into one, so pronounced were the national character istics of fleshy lip, hooked no?e, and shining protuberant eyes that looked up at me' with a cunning leer. j (To io Ooniinwd), . 