WESTWARD HQ! CHAPTER X.—Continued.—How THE MAYOR OF BIDEFORD BAITED HIS HOOK WITH' HIS OWN FLE-H. (BY CHARLES KINGSLEY.) . Don Guzman, of course, intended to be pitied, and pitied he was accordingly.^And . then he would turn the conversation, arid begin telling Italian stories, after (he Italian fashion, according to his" auditory: the pathetic ones when Rose was present, the racy ones when" she was absent; so that Rose had wept over the sorrows of Juliet and Desdemona, and over many another moving tale, long before the.y were.ever enacted on an English stage, and the ribs of the Bideford worthies had shaken to many a jest which Cintbio and Bandello's ghosts must come and make for themselves over again if thpy wish them to be remembered, for I shall lend them no shove toward immortality. . And so on, and so on. \ Wlmt need of move • words ? Before a year was put, Rose Salterne tar more irilove with Don Guzman tha i he with her ; and both Suspected .each other's mind, though neither hinted at the truth ; , she from frar, and -he, to tell the truth, from sheer {Spanish pride of blood. For he soon, began to find out.iha^ he must compromis-- that blood by mavrying the heretic burgher's daughter, or.all his labour wouJJ be thrown away."" '" -'"V He had seen with tjgpt'h astonishment, and then practised wUhj»tuuch pleasure, thnt graceful, old English fashion of saluting every i lady on the cheek at meeting, which (like the .gld Dutch fashion of asking young ladies o^t to,feasts without their mothers) used to give such cause of brutal calnmnv and scandal to. the coarse minds of Romish visitors from the Continent; and he had seen, too, fuming with jealous rage, more thin or e Bideford burgher, redolent of onions, profane in that way the velvet check of Rose Saltern^. ' w .'.. So, one day, he p|fer#d his salute in like wise; bnt he did it when she wis. alone-; foi something within (p rhaps a guilty conscience) whispered that it might be hardly p^jitic to make the proffer in her father's presence: however, to his astonishment, he received a prompt though quiet renuff. . ' No, sir; you should know that-my cheek is not for you.' - ' 7 :?*Why, said he, stifling his anger, Ht seems fre^ enough to. every counter jumper in the ' towfi'i' - - .''.;:. '- , : ..,' Was it love, or simple innocence, which 5 made her Mswer apologetically? •;Tme, Don Guzman; but they are my equals.' •;&ndl;?' '^ou are a nobleman, sir; and should reewjeet that you jire one.', ' Well,'said he,'forcin<* a sneer, 'it is a strange taste to prefer the shopkeeper 1' 'Prefer?' said Bhe, forcing a laugh in her turn it is a mere form among us. They , are toathing to me, I can tell you. J •• '.;'••' then, less than- nothing?' \- V liosevturried very red ; but she had nerve to answer—. , \ . -• > . " '••* • Aria why should you be anything to me ?. You have condescended too much, sir, a'ready . tp UB, in giving-as-many a—many a pleasant evening: You must condescend no further. You w r o n g - s i r ; ^ n 1 tne too. No^ sir; not a-steii niearer 1-^-1 willri >t! A salute between equals means nothi ng: but between '-jftQu. and me—I vow, sir, if you do cot leave me ihis moment, I will complain to my ' 'fethe^' ' Qo eo, madam! J care as little for your father's ant?er, aajou for my misery.' " < Oi»eU'c^iod 9ose, trembling from head .. v.... • *1 lovfe' ypU,^ tiiidani I* cried is, throwing f himself ai.faer. feet. ' I pdore you 1 Never : -iinimtitHi^np^ees pf fink to we more; lot I ha^Ioi^Pttsn them; forgotten alt but tj^'^^JIriit^ii;:!^!!!^^.::^. light,.my Ibd&tar;, ,my .princess,. ray goddess! Sou fioa<e$ remembefel pleaas a suppluint, pais tucifer of pride to all except to you ;'lo you a wretch' who grovels at your feet, and' cries, " Have mercy on me, on my .loneliness, my homelessness, my friendlessness." Ah, Rose (madam I,should have said, forgive the madness of my passion), you k .ow not the heart which you break. Colli Northerns, you little dream how a Spaniard can love. Love? Worship, rather;- as I worship you, ma lam; as I biess the-captivity which brought me a sight of you, aqd the ruin which first made me rich. Is it possible. Saints and Virgin 1 do ray own tears deceive ' my eyes, or are there tears, too, in those" radiant orbs ?' !' Go, sir!' cried poor Rose, recovering herself suddenly;_,.! and let me never see you more:' And, as a last chance for life, she darted out of tHe room. • ' 'Your slave obeys you, madam, and kisses your hands and feet for ever and to day,' said the cutinitig Sp inLird, und enwing himself up, wa ked serenely out of thtThou,e; while ahe, pioor fool,-peeped after him out of h«r window upsl&i;'B, and her . heprt sa'ik within her^as she watched his jaOaty and careless air. How much of that rhapsody of his wa-i honest, how much ,pie'uiudit4ted, I cannot tell rthough she, poor child, began to fancy that it was all a, agt sp.e0efi, when she found that he had reaiiy'tukeu Iter at her word, and set foot lo inoteAvithin ; her fithet's. house. So she reproacht4 herself for the cruellest of wo sen ; sittled,that if be died, she should be his murderess; watched for him to pass (it the vvixiiow^in hopes that he might look tip. and then hi<l herself in terior the moment he app eared round-the corner; and so forth, and-so forth:—one love-making is very l.ke another, and. has been so, I suppose, sincn the fi sthleased in irriage in Paradise, when \dam and Eve made no love at all, but found it ready-made for them from heaven ; an-t really ft is fi Idling while Rome is burning, to spend moi e p iges over the so. rows of poor little Rose Salterne, while the destinies of Europe are hanging on the marriage between El zabeth and Anjou: and Sir Humphrey Gilbert v is stirring heaven and ea th, and Devonshire of coui se, as the most important po tion of.ihe said earth, to cariy out his dormant patent, which will give to Eng'and in due time (we ar« not jesting no») Newfoundland, Nova, Scot a, and Canada, and the Northern States; and to Humphrey Gilbert himself something better than a new worl I, namely another world, and a crown of glory therein whicli never fades away. CHAPTER XI.—How EUSTACE LEIOB MET THIS POPE'S LEGATE. ' M sguided, r.ish, intruding fool, farewell 1 • Thou see'st to be too buny is some dinger.' Hamlet. It is the spring of 1582 3. Thegray M trch skies are cuid ing h ird aud high above black mounta n peiks. The keen March wind is sweeping harsh and dry across a dreary sheet of h 'g, still red «fld yellow with the st ins of winter frost. One brown kno j alone breaks the waste, and on it a few leafless wind-dipt. 0 ks stretch their moss-grown ar s, like giant hai y spiders, above a desolate pool which crisps and shivers in the biting breeze, while from beside its brink rises a mournful C13Y and sweeps down, faint a.id fitful, amid the bowling of the wind. "Along-the brink of the bog, picking their road•ampnjjurumbling rocks and green spongy sp.ingsi a /company of English soldiers are pushing fasti clad cap-A-piS in helmet and quilted jerkin, with arqnebus on shoulder, and pikes trailing behln t them ; stern, steadfast men, who, two years sin e. were working the guns at Hmei wick fort, and have since then seen many a bloody fr >y, and shall see more b fore th. y die. Two captains ride before them on snaggy ponies, the taller in .armour, stain^wid i iiated with many a storm and fiay, the^tfcer in J>rilliaut inlaid cuirass and helmet, ^gaudy sash and plume, and sword-hilt slittering with go d, a quaint contrast enough to the meagre girron which carries him and his finery. Beside them, .secured by a cord which a pikeman has fastened to bis own wrist, trot« a bare-legged Irish kerne, whose only clothing is hisr»gged yellow mantle, and the unkempt ' glib' of hsiir, through which his eyes peer out, right and left, in mingled fear and sullenness. He is the £uide of the company, in their hunt after the rebel Baltinglas; and woe to him if he plays tbem false. ' A pleasant country,- truly, Captain Raleigh,' said the dingy officer to the gay pne. .«I wonder bow,-having once escaped frota it to Whitehall, you have the courage to come back and spoil that gay suit with bog- water and mud.' .*-" »A very pleasantcountry.myfriend Amyas; what you eay in jest, I say in earnest,' ' Hillo I Our tastes have chained places. 1 am sick x>f it already, as you foretold. Would Heaven that I could bear of spme ^rtntorp Westward-ho i wi '^nd these bigjioWv-swiiii^S In* hampapb¥ioiice more, pjay whatbae made yoii epjsuddealj ia love famdc to towip wem with ns? I ttutugfei-yoa.jhad spied out the nakedness of the landi long ago.' ' Bog and rock ? Nakedness of the land ? What is needed here but prudence and skill, justice and law?' "i'his soil, see, ;is fat enough, if men were here to Jill it. These rocks— ho knows what minerals they may hold ? I hear of gold and jewels found already in divers parts; and .Daniel,: my b.other Humphrey's German assayer, assures me that these rocks are of the very same kind as those which yield the silver in Peru. Tut, man 1 if her gracious Majesty would but bestow on me some few square miles of this same wilderness, in seven years' time I would make it blossom like the rose, by God's good help." 'Humph! I should be more inclined to stay here, then.' ' So you shall, and be my agent, if you will, to get in my mine-rents and my cornrents, and my fishery-rents, eh ? Could you keep accounts, old knight of the bear'spaw?' ' Well enough for such short reckonings as rours would be, on the profit side at least. No, no—I'd sooner i-arry lime all my days from Cauldy to Bideford than p >ss another iwelvemonth in tne land of lie, among the children of wrath. There is a curse upon the face of the earth, I believe.' ' Tlit-re is no curse upon it, save the old one of man's sin—" Tho ns and thistles it shall bring forth to thee." But if you ioo' up the tboi'iii aud thistles, A my as, I knew no fiend who can prevent your growing wheat instead ; an t if you till the ground like' a man, you plough and harrow away nature's curse, and other fables of the schoolmen beside,' addal he, in that daring fashion which afterwards obtained for him (and never did good Christian less deserve it) the imputation of Atheism. ' It is sword and bul'et, I think, that are n»eded here, before plough and barrow, to clear away some of the cmse. Until a few inore ot these Irish lords are gone where the Desmonds are, there is no peace for Ireland.' ' Humph! not so far wrong, I fear. And yet—Irish lords? These very traitors are hetter English blood than we who huut them down. Whe -1 Yeo here slew the Desmond the other diiy, he no more let out a drop of Irish blood, than if he had slain the Lord Deputy himself.' ' His blood be .on his own head,' Said Yeo. 1 He looked as wild a savage as the worst of them, more shame to him; and the Ancient here had nigh cut off his arm before he. told us who he was; and then, your worship, having & price npon his head, and like to bleed to death too ' 'Enough, enough, good fellow,' said ^Raleigh. 'Thou has done what was given thee to do. Strange Amyas, is it not? Noble Normans sunk into savages—Hibeinis ipsis hiberjiiores! Is there some uncivilising \eiiom in the air?' \- * Some venom, at least, which make Englishmen traitors. But the Irish themselves are well enough, if their ty ants would; let them be. - See now, what more faithful liegeman has her Majesty then the Inchiquin, who. they say, is Prince of Themond, and should be king of all. Ireland, if every man had his right ?' .. 'Don't talk of rights in the land of wrongs, man. But the Inchiquin knows well 'hat the true Irish Esau has no worse enemy than his supplanter, the Norman Jacob. And yet, Amyas, are even these tnen worse f.han we might he, if ire had been bred up masters over the bodies and so|tlg of man, in some remote land where 1-iw and order bad. never come ? Look at* tins Desmond, broaght up a savage among savages, a Papist among I'api-ts, a d^epnt among slaves; a thousand easy maidens deeming it' honour to serve his pleasure, a thousand wild ruffians deeming it piety to fulfil his revenge: and let him that is withput sin among us oast the first stone.*' (To be continuti.) 