An Australian Bush Track. (copyright.) 13 r J. D. Hennessey, author of " The Dis-IIonorablo," !i Wynnum White's "Wickedness," &c.; CHAPTER I. (Continued.) That is tho result of our having been had before, laughed Sir Charles Daw son. Some of your colonials would fill us to the brim with absurd Btories if wc would let them, in the hope that they might afterwards meet with some of their nonsense in a book. I don't denjr that, said Hartley, ex citedly, but this thing is altogether different. Why, if what you have ac tually shown me only got into the hands of the nowspaper men, they would cable it, word for word, to Europe, and you would set all the scientists of Christendom by tho ears. Tho whole thing is so extraordinary that I have hardly thought of any thing else all day. You see, you have facts before you, which all allow to be rt ubborn things. Eirst of all, there's the letter, which, if it is not genuine, must bo accounted for in some other way. Then the gold pieces are cer tainly ancient, and the stone is genuine — I know a diamond when I see it, oven if it is in the rough. Then do you advise us to accept Stoneham's offer? said Buchanan with a yawn, as though it did not matter very much which way it was. Yes, said Hartley deliberately. I have thought it carefully out ; it will give you fellows something new to talk about on ycur return to Enrope — that is, if you come back again, for there is always a spice of danger about interior travelling anywhere ; and you will find it the same here, although we have no big game such as you meet with iu the jungles of India and Africa. If I had not so much business ou hand, upon my word, I'd feel in clined to make one of the party. Three or four months ought to do it, and then you will know how much truth there is in Stoneham's story. And supposing that we do not come hack again r said Sir Charles, with a mile. Y'ou are neither of you married, said Hartley, and if yon should happen not to return, the girls you leave behind you will soon console themselves with other men. But what's the use of talking nonsense. It's ODly the good who die young. The speaker was Bright Hartley of Brisbane, Sydney, and the Barcoo, and sundry other parts of tho world in which he had possessions. He was one of the few Australians whose lives show an almost unbroken record of success. It was not so much his busi ness of a general merchant as his out side speculations which had been so \- ,siugularfj. fortunate. He always oougni- in and, sold out at the right time. He had in turn gone into mining, sugar-growing, and station property, with equal success. It was a proverb among bis acquaintances that Bright Hartley's touch turned earth to gold. .Men generally attributed it to his luck, and while Hartley would laughingly allow that lie had been bom under a lucky star, and was a strong believer in individual good fortune, he rightly claimed that foresight, sagacity, and secrecy had much to do with the satis factory result. Hartley was undoubtedly super stitious. There were men whom he regarded as unlucky, and with whom he would on no account have joined in any business transaction, and, among other superstitions, he had a belief that his good iuck would leave him the moment he married. ) ou see, he would say, a man must idl his wife, if ho has one, and that rpoils it all. I'll make a big coup some May, perhaps, and then tie up every thing in Government debentures, and ounk shares, and house property, and risk it and get married. In the meantime, however, he made up for his celibacy by innumerable Harmless flirtations, some of which, i y the way, were with other men's wives. Bright Hartley was a fair man, rather below the average height, with blue eyes and tow-colored hair. He was as tight and round in his garments as is an average, middle-aged alderman, and was conversant with all sorts and conditions of Australian people, places and tlnnpg. He knew how to manage a sugar plantation" or a sneep s'Catiofl; or wink a gold mine, and had seen a bit of cattle duffing ou the Barcoo ; but he also could tel' you how Miss So-and- So's stays came to be laced so tightlv that sli6 fainted at the last Government House ball. In fact, he read the whole secret of colouial life as from a book. There was nothing of any interest, bad or good, which he had not seen or heard about ; and yet he had not a wrinkle on his brow, and could not bo induced to own up to being anything over forty. That he was adventurous and speculative may bo gathered from the conversation already recorded : and it should be said that, coming from such a well-informed and prosperous man, the advice he tendered had made a strong impression upnu tho minds of his two young friends. I can't make you out, said the senior ol the two Englishmen, Sir CharleB Dawson, who, .with his friend and travelling companion, Captain Bucha nan, were the. ' innocentr Hartley had referred to. As a matter of fact, you are as hard-headed as anyone I have met with, and yet in this affair you ap- . pear to be moBt credulous. You cannot, Burely, believe the whole of this most extraordinary story of Stoneham's to be gospel ? Come and let us have dinner, and after that I will talk to you, said Hartley. CHAPTER II. captain cook's letter. Dinner at the Bungalow, as Hartley had modestly named his commodious bachelor residence, was an important function, and it was an hour and a half afterwards when the verandah chairs were again occupied, and the conversation resumed. My special difficulty with this mat ter, said Sir Charles laughing, is this ancient blnckfellow. I thought that Australia was much too new for any thing of the shape of superstitious lore. One expects when on the Rhine, or anywhere else in Europe, to meet with lusty old goblins, and banshees, and wraiths, and goodness knows what ; but to have a hoary old demon down in Moreton Bay, dating back to the time of Captain Cook, is enough to take one's breath away. Look, here, Buchanan, he said, placing his muscu lar whitehand upon the shoulder of the captain, a tall, gentlemanly man of four-and-twonty, we'll have to take Hartley's yacht and run down to Stoneham's and get him to introduce us to ' Long Tom ' and the ' Eishers of Moreton Bav.' You might not wish to go a second time, laughed Hartley. Well, I don't want to doubt the evi dences of my senses. Old gold coins and a genuine diamond are very tan gible witnesses ; but to have them mysteriously connected with a jolly old ghost with a phantom canoe, supposed to have been seen cruising about Moreton Bay, is a pretty thing for an agnostic like myself to swallow. But let us have another look at tho letter. The three men went inside at this, and Sir Charles lifted an ancie, look ing document up to the light. Ah ! he said, There's al767 watermark upon the paper. That favorB the letter being genuine ; but without questioning the facts, they may all be attributed to natural causes. Cook no doubt was deceived. Singular disappearances of vessels through the sudden rising of mists, etc., are by no means uncom mon at sea, and why not in tho Bay ? But read it ontaloudfor us, Buchanan, and then we will discuss it further outside. (Continued to-morroio.) 