THE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. The detective had dropped the paper telling how Salvatore Cavaliere, the Long Branch Italian, made his dwelling a storehouse of plunder, " Every house holds its mystery," he began tritely. Then he told tho story of a bouse ho would not specify particularly. " I was detailed to wstcb it," bo went on, " because there was something odd about its tenant, A most respectable house iu a most respectable neighbourhood, it had been sublot to one William Smith, a small dark man with a foreign aeoent. " He hud paid six months rent in edvanco, in lieu of reference, and as the dull summer seasun was coming on tbo agent had not quibbled over tbis slight violation of his rule requiring references. Whsnco ho came, what his trade, no one could say. The rent wss paid iu gold, I " After Mr. Smith had moved in — he rented ifurnishcd — tho etrango proceedings began jwhioh attracted the neighbours' attention. Just aftor sundown mnffied men began to (appear at tho door, whioh would open, reveii- iing the dimly lit hall. The visitor entered. (Now the peculiar feature of the cose was that .no one ever came out, while Mr. Bmith existed apparently independent of the butcher and (baker. If you rang, the manservant simply (told you that bis master was not in. But other persons evidently found hini in. Three or four persons passed that threshold daily, never to .reappear over it. Of eourse the neighbouring servants whispered marvellous tales of ghosts. If yon weut and scanned the faces of those who entered, you found thorn to bu apparently gentle- (men, with tbin intellootual faces. | " Going up tbo steps the visitor would peer , (about as if foariug observation. Ono of the (double hall doom stood dosed. While he , (waited he invariably stepped behind this screen : until the otbor door was opened. Thon it shut on him. You might wait nil night and tho next day, as 1 havo done but tbo visitor never re appeared. The house, heavily shuttered, presented an impassive front to tho street that told nothing of its mystery. . " Naturally, I had theories of murder or 1 other crime being oommitted there. But there wore no reports of missing men and news- Ipaper personals gave no clue. Nor did no havo any complaints or other ovideuoe justifying a 'raid. Finally 1 decided to take the matter into my own hands. I did this by boldly going jup tbe steps a third time— I had been told Itwice by the etrango servant that Mr. Bmith was jOut. On tbis occasion 1 followed closely on tho theeia of one of the visitors, who probably was destined never to appear again. 1 rang, and nDer a few minutes tbo door wss opened. The same servunt stood there. Ho was blaek, with tho ri gulur fuaturcs belonging to East Indians or North Africans. If you over venture as far east as Constantinople, you may are mon Of his typo in the cosmopolitan street throng. The peculiarity of this man was his shining black ryes that lookod ma through and through, lie was in the regulation black coat and nhito . oravat of the houso laukoy." " Mr. Smith ?" " ' Boos no one,' he began in a Blightly foreign aeoent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on tho stsirway. " 1 But eome ono entered a half minute before me," I began. Ou the other occasions I had asked who this mysterious Smith who con- ' cealed an interesting personality very cunningly ! under that mOBt commonplaco uame might De, jwhot h's acdupation, whcuco ho came. On both | occasions tbo dotr had slammed in my face. , I " This time I took tho precaution to put my .foot over tho Sill in such a way that tho door '.could not closo. The man attempted it. I j stopped inside. Tho door swung into its placo .with a little metallic eliuk, i 1 "I faneied the black eyes snapped angrily, |but the men motioned me civilly into an adjoin- ' lug room, This was an ordinary apartment (furnished in tho way of rooms in houses that aro .sublet, whore the brio-a- brae and essentials giving expression have been removed. A lamp ;with a red shade lit tho plaoo. ( " ' Wait. I will see,' said the blaok. ' 1 " Presently he returuod, tbis time bearing a silver tray, on which were a curiously-carved -silver docaoter and some glasses, with a plate of biscuits. The man made a sort of obiiisanco 'that had in it something oriental, as if ho bad stopped out of one of the storios dealing with tho (Jaliph Hurouu at Kasohid. ; While yon wait, won't you have some (refreshment ?" ( " HJs accents were so auave that, forgetting joDy suspioiun, I did not alay his hand wben he 'poured some liquid like olaret into one of tbo (long decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it jwas-u curious-tasting beverage. Per a moment il thought it was molten fire. Thou tho black (retainer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, . and 1 lost consciousness. ' " Whon I awoke, I was on tho couch In tho same room The lamp wss still burning. I raised myself up.' My head sohod terribly. On a choir near me sat a little monkoy grinning and ohatlering. It startled me at first, but. in my I trade one ceases to bo afraid, because bock of everything, however mysterious, we are accus tomed find humau cunuicg. ; " I rose, threw baok the shatters, and day- light pourod into tbc room, I had been there . (all night, No une stirred except the poor little 'besot of a gibbering apo. I made my way to the 'outside door, sceiug no one, aud ran down tbe -steps into the street, the moukcy following. \- " 1 returned with tins policeman on the boat. ;We searched tbe bouse high and low. There .was no evidence of occupancy beyond that of ;tho little ape. No trunk or clothing or fuud or (even the ailver dtoanter from which I had .drunk. About tho ape's neok was a curiously .'carved littlo silver obain with some odd cabal- . ! istio device. At the ZoO in the park they told me that ho was of sn Indian species. " During all my night atupor, what had be come of the mysterious Mr. Bmith and his visitors ? They wero never seen hor board of ' again. The house was just an ordinary dwell ing on an ordinary street. But for me it still has an enigmatiosl expression of incxplioable mystery. 