Holy Cross Church, " Wooloowin. On Friday, Fokruary 1-1, a very cnjoyablo Aoncor't was hold in - tlio Albion Hull, tpuug- . mont' tho funds for a now school. Tho linll was well filled. The first item on tho pro gramme was a duet, "List to the Convent Bolls," by Miss "Inn -and Master "William . Williams. It was given witli much tnslo and feeling, evidencing botli careful training and real musical aptitude. "Children's Voices" followed, tlio solos being finely sustained by Masters Edward Androws und John Howes, the chorus by tbo full choir of boys. 'Tis tho Last Rose of, Summer," Master Vincent Corrigan. This boy's fine voico must bo heard, to! be appreciated ; it bus wonderful compass z and power. "Then You'll Re member Mo " .was tlio next song, Masters William Shoppard and Willinm Williams. Wo "are inolmod to call this song tho gum of tho evening, only' for so many other gems. Master William Shoppard line n true boy's voice, with ull its swootness. It was evi dently listened -to with much pleasure. Ill- deed, on this occasion Father Dunham seems to havo gathered together a grand collection of youthful choristers.' Mr. AV. Rohinson, la woll known tenor, tlion sang "Only Onco More," and riohly deserved I tho loud applause that followed. ! Tho ' " Coffoo Dispute," in character, by Masters William and Raphael Shoppard caused muoh umuBeiuont. Raphael wue un excellent imitation of tho genuiiio article — a dowii-troddon wife — and tho Indies especially seemed highly to appreciate the littlo fellow's spirited anting. The next songs were "Do : Thoy Miss Mo at Homo," by Masters Ed ward Andrews and John Howes ; and " Bo Kind to thy Father, "by tlio same and Master William Williams, tho full choir of hoys 'taking up the ohoru's. Throughout, tho choruses .were given in pui'ts by alto and tenor voices, whioh bionucd togothor splon- didly, and should guin no small mood of praiso for tho hoys themselves and for thoir talented professor, Signer Bonaoini.' The 1 boys forming tho-ohorus .v.-ere Masters Francis Rush, John Plielnii,' James Wallace, Frank ' Williams, Theodora Volter, Luwrcnco Cres- ford, John Filby, Robert Dohorty, Raphael Sheppard, John and James Wren, Anthony M 'Reynolds, and James Dwyor. Tlio lion's ebara of the singing certainly fell to Muster William Williams, and he did it full justice. Master Edward Andrews hus a swcot clear "voice, singularly suitable for tho high notes,. ; seeming norfeotly at homo amongst them. . In Master John Howes we havo u young vocalist i of muoh promise; possessing a voice rarely ' ' to ho mot with. A clovor composition— "Tho Nations"— by MuBters William and Raphael Sheppard,' eoneluded this part of tho \ programmo, and provoked great merriment "" and dpplauso. '' -The : second part consisted of a "Variety " performance, very kindly con tributed by tho Brisbanb Catholic Young Men's' Sooiety, assisted. A most creditahlb porfornidnbe. - Messrs. A. ICouny and B. ' Kean doted as "honos;" Messrs. O. Harvey .and Fran'ois' as " tainbos." Father Dun ham's ohoir boys ocoupied seats on tlio stage, 1 .and. ably seconded the company in all tho choruses; tho olenr voices of tho boys chiming very bffeotivoly with the deeper tonoa'"'of ' thoir older companions. "You'd Bettor Stay at Home, Lad," und "Romany Loss," woi'o "finoly sung by Mr. Andrew Harrigan. Mr. SLjVoy'a "Rowdy- dowdy Boys," in ohnraoter, fairly brought tlio houso down. Mossrs. Leonard, G. A. Pearco, B. -Kean, and O. Harvey, wore all hoartily , applauded. The ghost soouo was vory amusing, and oonvulsetl tlio uudionoo with luughtor; while Mr. Kenny'B absurdities in "nogro specialities," took inimoiisoly. Whilst warmly thanking tho andienoo for their attendance, his " grand" boys and their parents, the young mon for thoir great kind- noss in assisting- at so muoh tronblo to them- selvoB, Father Dunham alluded in a few fcolincr words to tho tornblo disaster caused r by tho loss of tho Pearl ; and, in tho name of ! . hie audience, tendered tho deopest Byinpntliy . ; ! to tho friondB and relatione of thoso whose ' Jives had been lost. Tho tono of tho applauBO i: ' that followed showed that tho rev. gontlo- \- mail's words had made a deep impression. \ Mrs. Maginnis played during tho ilanco that ! followed, Signor Bonaoini for tlio hoys, &o.;, and Mr. Brcsnan for the Young Men's Bobiety. ,- 