THI llfflll WITH, now first published. By Sir WALTEE BE SAN T, M.A„ futhoiiqf" ALL SORTS AND CONDITIONS OF MEN," HERK PAULUS," "THE WORLD WENT VERY WELL THEN," -"THE HOLY ROSE," ' "IN DEACON'S ORDERS," &c.;,&o.; all rights reserved. CHAPTER XXI.— -(Continued,! ! ' 'Rise "through abuse?' . "Certainly, I will tell you why. First, because it keeps people talking of you, thinking of you, and giving you increased importance in the! party; and next beeause tlie abuse is always gross ly exaggerated, and people compare it with ..your printed utterances. If you Were ' rich' enough, you should pay a journalist so much a year to abuse you tivfee a week!' " He.. threw down the paper. 'Mean artifice!' he cried. 'Does this also be long to party?' /" 'You must not take things so seri ously, Mr, Bumiikel,' I said, 'it is true' thai; the abuse will in the long run end in strengthening your position. As for hiring a man you ought to understand by this time what wo mean in earnest, and what in the language which wo use to each other.' " 'QLi!' heeded. ' I am an awkward, stupid lpg.' '' 'Never mind. Mr. Burnikel. You are half a nautical person; you shall be tlie ship's log, which is very good reading, I believe. Now, let us say no more about this article. -You must learn to accept these tliiug philosophi cally. They are all In tlio day's work. A man who wants to stand ou a pin nacle must expect to have dead cats thrown at him. Force of habit, you see, makes the journalist who used to throw dead cats and addled eggs at the man in the pillory now throw them fit the man on the pinnacle. Tliey don't hurt. That Is, they don't hurt tlio man who belongs to the party. They do him good. They dnly . hurt and defile the man who has no party to project him and no friends.' "(Eleven o'clock). ."I have just opened a note from him. lie has joined us. Yes. The inde pendent member lias vanished. " 'Dear Lady Frances,' 'lie says, 'I have thought over what you said this aftornoon;you have convinced and con verted mo. I am now quite sure that the only way of working the machin ery of G-overnbiont is by means of par ty. Yon have shown me that I have been quite wrong. I shall Join your party .as one of its private soldiers, and I shall set myself to learn the obedience and discipline of which you spoke.' There, George. I have convert ed him. Now it was not by my, ar guments at all, but by those of Lord Caerleon that he was converted. There were all the signs of conviction- on his face Inst night after that conversa tion, I thought Indeed of inviting liiin to sit down on tlie stool of repentance before the world. But do you think he is cajiable of confessing himself con verted by a man? Never. By a wo- taian, perhaps, although he is too much absorbed in liis own ambition to think much about women. Never by a man. I am contented, however, with my share of the work. You made your cou sin a gentleman, my dear George. You gave him manners. At first, I plainly see, he was probably little better than a self-satisfied prig of the boorish sort; a lower middle-class, prejudiced, book- learned, ignorant prig; .vet with won derful capacities. I shall make liim a -model statesman of the modern kind. What else can we, between us, do for flim?" "Well, my clear Frances," I said to myself, folding up tlie letter. " the next .thing you might, do for him — If you would," just to. oblige me— is to make him a model husband, and so get him out of my way." CHAPTER XXII. " Wj " 'Arid how I have to, relate the. occur rence of ft very surprising incident. It ,wasr not only surprising In the way it happened, accompanied by circumstan ces that -have a kind of supernatural appearance, hut also in tlie time when it happened.' I-Iad it been earlier, or Jhad it been later this history might never have been written. I-Iad it never /happened at all. what might have be come of Isabel? Ancl for myself. I might as well have jumped off my own quay into the (lowing river for all the I hope or joy of living that would have been loft to me. Tlie wonder of tlie thing Is that it was not found out long before. A hundred times and mote the place had been- searched; an acci dent might have revealed the secret; a jar, a fall, might have thrown open the hiding-place; a casual cabinetmak er might have found it out had he look ed in the right direction. But kindly , fate left tho discovery to me. | The room allotted to mo for a bed room was that in which old John Bur- nikol's bare and naked four-poster was standing. When I was first shown tlie room it had no other furniture tlmn the four-poster and the old man's 'sea eliest. They had now eloth'ed the for lorn bedstead and put in certain chairs uiid things so as to make a habitable room of it. The window faced south, and ns it was on tho second floor it looked over the bonlshed upon the ri ver. I-Iore I slept every niglit in the bed whore tlio old muster mariner died, quite untroubled by any thoughts about him or the long-lost diamonds, and imvisited by tlie ghost of tlieir for mer owner. It was in tlio beginning of August, when the nights are still short. Per haps it was a hot ulglit; perhaps there was more noise of passing steamers from the river than usual— the Silent I-IIgliway Is generally much noisier than Cheapslde by night as well as by day; whatever the cause I woke up, starting suddenly into wakefulness!; it was early dawn, but the light was ra pidly increasing. My" blind was up; my curtains drawn; my window wide open. I lay lazily watching tho sky in the south grow lighter— grey at first, and then suffused with some of the Eastern glow— a tender subdued glow like tlie colour on Isabel's cheek which so quickly comes and goes — the tell tale glow. Perhaps had I not begun to think about. Isabel I might have gone to sleep again, iu wbich'case this thing would not have happened. The grey hues passed away; the rosy lines passed away; there remained the clear deep hue of early morning before the smoke begins, when the sky is sometimes like tlie sky of Africa, for clearness and for depth; and when tlie river, with its bridges and its boats, all asleep in silence, save for the wish and wash of the ebb and flow, is an enchanted stream. Presently I closed my eyes again. Contrary to reasonable 'expectation I did not go to sleep again. It was that kind of hopeless wakefulness which makes sleep past praying for— I insist upon tills point on account of what followed, which was not a dream— for I was awake; lint a kind of vision, and only remarkable because it coin cided with tho discovery. Do not suppose that I attribute this vision to any supernatural interfer ence. Nothing of tlie kind. Neither the nuciont mariner, the master mari ner, nor tlie unfortunate Nabob of whoso existence I first, learned in the vision, over appeared to mo or afflicted nie with terrors. I have never been' in tho least, afraid of ghosts. Had old John Burnikel come to my bedside I would have had the secret of the dia monds out of him before I let him go, as sure as my name Is George Burni kel. ' But he never came, lie made no sign. I think he must have forgotten in the other world, all about his dia monds; Ills ghost never once appeared to me. Had It done so I would have had tlio great secret, I say, 6ut of him iu no time. "Ghost!" I should have said, "(vhere are those diamonds? AYlio stole thorn ?., What Is the truth about tiiem ? If . tliey -were stolen and have long since been dis persed let ... me know. If they still remain to be discovered, some where or other, tell ill 6 where they are. I ndjuro tlioe — I command thee— by all tho charms and spoils that you giiosts are fools enough to dread; tell iue where those diamonds are." That Is what I should have said. But the only man I know who ever claimed to have raised a ghost— and that was also the ghost of a sailor- told me that lie was only too glad to let 'him go back again below, below, below; and that, though as bravo as most, lie did not dare to ask any ques tions. I don't believe a wowl of it, However, gliosis are scarcp; perhaps i should have behaved In the same man ner. And tills I take It is the case with most; otherwise wo should know more about certain things whose uncer tainty Is sometimes disagreeable. All you have to do is to raise your ghost imd not be afraid of him. There was no ghost, and yet the air seemed tills morning full of the Burnikel legend. There was tlie sound of a ship sloivly making JLs way up the river— a Hani- burg or Norwegian steamer perhaps; ono is never allowed perfect calm at AA'apping. I lay on my back in tlie old wootlen four-jioster, Avliicli they had fitted with a spring' mattress instead of a feather bed. and I recalled the Avonderi'ul story; how tho old man one night displayed his bag of precious stones, worth anything you please;lioAV lie told the cousins it would be theirs; how, a day or two afterwards, he was. found dying, and told them collectively that tliey kneAV where the bag was kept; how they did not know, but searched and could not find it, and ac cused each other, and fought and se parated. I lay on my back recaling this odd story, Avliicli was chiefly interesting be cause it was a story without an end. Another interest It might have if one were to consider how. .loan Burnikel got those dianfonds, because tho old man's romance of the Great Mogul and tho Invitation to fill his pockets in the Royal Treasure' Vaults Avas clearly too ridiculous; it was so very plainly In- Vented with intent to deceive. Now the first thing that happened af ter this aAvakeuing was a vision. It was a very edd vision. To begin with, I was not asleep. To this day I cannot understand liotv this vision, of all others, came to mo. One never dreams original plots of novels; quite uoav stories never come to anyone; and this story, except for ono little half-forgot ten circumstance, was quite new. Some novelists have pretended that their plots come to tlieiu iu dreams, but 1 do not believe it. Dreams and visions are erratic, incoherent- and unconnect ed things for the most part. That makes' my vision all the more remark able. , I suppose I must have dropped into some kind of bodily torpor. I am sure 1 was not asleep, because all through the business I knew that I was lying on the bed, although the action of the piece, so to speak, was elsewhere. However that may ho, it is really use less to explain or account for a vision. The one that came to nie- wns, so to 'speak, a magnified and embroidered piece. of work, springing from something that Isabel had once told me. Why, I had quite forgotten it. She was talk ing about lier people, avIio 'were no more illustrious in station tlmu my owiijjmd she informed me that once there "was a strange man among them who had run a way to sea and had come home again in rags twenty years later, raving about a fortune he had lost in India. Nothing more than that. A very slight material of whieh to con struct a vision. Yet it came, and ns long as I live I shall believe that the vision - was somehow a revelation of the truth sent to me just before the great discovery. It began by my stepping out of the house— but I knew all along that I was in bed— and walking down the narrow liuio leading out of the Iligli-street to AVapping Old Stairs. There I found, sitting on the stairs, an elderly gentle man dressed in clothes extremely shab by. 1-Ie wore a coat of brown clotli, ho had worsted stockings, hat frayed and worn fit the edge— qiiite a poor man ho seemed to .be. From Ills dress it was evident lie belonged to tlie eighteenth century, which I like to consider as a picturesque period. He sat upon the top step of Wapping Old Stairs, and lie looked across the river. And. as lie gazed the tears ran down his face. It is not often that one gets the cliance of talking to a man of the eighteenth Century, but it seemed not unnatural. I sat down beside liim ns if it were the most natural thing in the world. ' "What, sir," I asked, timidly, "is the cause of this grief?" He -sighed heavily. "My diamonds," he sa'id. "My diamonds!" "What diamonds? I am a stranger to your time, worthy sir, and I know nothing of your diamonds." "What troubles me," lie said, "Is that I think I must have lost my soul in getting thorn together,' In which case I have tliroAvn away my soul for no thing." (to be continued.) 