WOMAN'S WORLD. [Contributions mtenüoä tor this column nrast in all oases bo accompanied by tbc uuina and address ot the sender.] 'SOCIAL GOSSIP. The Rev. R. Henry Roberts ana Jvirs. Roberts, of Enoggera, who have been spending their honeymoon in Sydney, return to Brisbane by steamer on Thurs- day. Mrs. E. L. Clark, Bank of New South Wales, Gympie, and family are residing for some months at Shorncliffe, Sand- gate. Mrs. McDonnell, Margaret-street, Too- woomba, who has been visiting her sister-in-law, Miss McDonnell, Prospect- Kangaroo Point, has returned home. Mr. "W. Mooney, Kensington, Bowen Bridge road, has returned from his visit to Esk and th~ surrounding district. Mrs, R. Clifton, Charters Towers, who has been on a visit to Townsville, has returned home. (Miss Reid, Scotland, is spending some weeks with Miss O'Shea, Toowong. Mrs. (Dr.) Bacot, Townsville, is visit- ing Brisbane. .Mrs. Dight, Armidale, who has been visiting her relatives at The Mansion, George-street, for the past few weeks, has returned home. Mrs. Carl Boden, Atherton, Bowen Bridge road, who has been spending some clays with her mother, Mrs. Bell, Woody Point, has returned to town. .Mrs. and Misses Creighton entertained a large numlber of guests at a very plea- sant dance at their residence, Wooloo- win, on last Friday evening. Mr. R. A. Jordan, late of Eildon Hill, has left for Sydney, where he will join the Warrimoo, which leaves 'Sydney this week, en route for Honolulu. Mrs. Stokes, Milton-terrace, River road, is visiting Bundaberg, and is stay- ing with Mrs. JV1. Duffy. Mrs. Stokes will shortly visit Invicta, where she will be the guest of Mrs. G. G. Francis. The Hon. Edward Greville, M.L.C., and Mr. J. A. Hogue, M.L.A., arrived from Sydney by the Eurimbla yesterday, and purpose spending a few days in Bris- bane. At the present time, when we hear so much oT the higher education of women, it is interesting to read of two girl stu- dents in Spain-^Esther Alonso, of Seville, 'and Juliana Campo, of (Madrid-wbo are studying for the degree of M.A. Two years ago they obtained the degree of B.A., and last year received the highest rank (Sobresaliente (leaping over every- thing), in all five examinations for first year of Madrid University. These ex- aminations, which are always oral, take place before three of 'the professors, and a large audience of students and others. At the close one of the most prominent professors in Spain (Señor Salmerón) congratulated the ladles, and expressed surprise and delight when he learned that their instructors were women. These clever girls created quite a sensa- tion ; the students crowding the stair- ways jvi'th one accord fiung their caps to the floor for them to walk on, formed two lines, and sang the "Royal March" as the girls passed through. The girls studied in the International Insti- tute, an American school conducted by a white rlbboner (Mrs. Alice Gordon Gulick, sister to Miss Millard's secretary, Miss Annie Gordon). They, with three other students, started a " Y" Union for Spain, which holds its own in this wine country of the world, and in the three years since its organisation the white ribbon has been carried by " T" students from the Bay of Biscay to the shores of the Mediterranean. Alfred Dodds obtained First Prize, Ex- hibition 1892, and a Silver Medal, 1895, for Mechanical Dentistry.» A PLEASANT SOCIAL. . The Woman's Equal Franchise Asso- ciation held a social in the Trades/Hall, Turbot-street, last night. ~ The room was most profusely decorated with bunting and greenery, and looked very bright and pretty, especially when the floor was full of merry dancers, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the evening. A number of songs iwere sung, and he'artily applauded. At 10 o'clock re- freshments were served, and dancing and singing resumed till 12 o'clock. Over 100 guests were present, and everything passed off in the pleasantest possible manner. The socials are held at fre- quent intervals during the winter months, the object being to draw the members together and to make the work of the association more generally known. COSTUMES AT GOODWOOD. Among pretty dresses at Goodwood (says the " Queen" newspaper), lace capes were worn over satin in white and ecru tones. Gray and yellow were blended most charmingly in a glace silk, the yellow yoke introduced only in the front with bands depending therefrom to the waist, covered with steel and bordered with lace. A black and white dress and one in Mack and silver, pre- pared for two sisters, were well worth seeing, and their small close sailor hats, just imported from Paris, with a band of ribbon round of slraded orange tints, and a perfect flower garden of yellow blooms, toning from buttercup to the deep tangerine orange shade. There aro few girts who do not look pretty in pink and white, and many had chosen iwhite silk with pink chine roses all over it, and a liberal trimming of pink chiffon on the bodice. They are almost as fresh as the bright yellow muslins or the blue and white silks. A mauve gown had braces of green velvet with bands or silver embroidery ; a light pink glace shot with yellow was made with a Spanish jacket, from the neck to the bust, formed into box pleats, fastened with diamond buttons over a cream la'ce blouse, held in by a black satin band. With a dark blue silk skirt a printed blue bodice was worn, and ovor this braces united by points all of green velvet worked in steel, the large hat shewing a profusion of orchids. A wbite barege, over green silk, with a fichu of white chiffon, is well suited to sunshine. One of the new four-pointed hats, em- broidered in jet, accompanied a white gown, the brim draped with oats and white lace, a largo upstanding shea'f of green wheat In front. The " New York Herald" publishes the following piece of excellent nonsense : Shakspeare, it would seem, must have known about the bicycle, for throughout his plays he makes frequent references l to the wheel. It must be that Hamlet's i father had visited a bicycle academy, where beginners on the wheel were rlenty, for his ghost said : " What a falling off was there !" This most excel- lent description is paralleled by another in the same play, in which reference 1b made to an accident, the new woman of tne sixteenth century being evidently the greatest sufferer. The first player says :-" Break all the spokes and fellies ' from her wheel." 