SOME ENGLISH CHOSTS. Although little more than a century has elapsed since Dr Johnson died, the astounding strides made in the sciences of enlightening the ignorant and re nning the unrefined during that period do not seem to have nullified to an ap preciable degree the best part of his tftctum to the effect that “All argument Js against the appearance to the living ^the spirits of the dead; all belief is Xo doubt during these hundred and odd years a great many time-honored • ghosts have been hunted from their haunts by the prosaic influences of mo i raef and the unsparin° broom of piacticai common sense; no doubt there ®ducated people who believe i” °ho.stsL tI,an when London crowded to cook Lane one hundred and thirty hen1l<=aS'0: n° doubt the village Hamp den is prompter nowadays to tackle nopturnaI visitors than of yore. Yet he who wanders through rural Lngland—preferably on foot, for he is tnen enabled to penetrate bye-ways and sequestered nooks and corners not attainable on wheels—cannot fail to be • impressed by the sturdy vitality of so many old ghosts. As a rule he does not meet men who have actually seen ghosts, for a sneak ing sort of self-respect seems to stop -Hodges admission of the fact; but he meets many men who know men who have seen ghosts, and multitudes who have heard that a ghost is to be seen at such and such a place, and who will not commit themselves to a denial of its existence. As for the prejudice against lonely places on dark nights, it is not merely general but universal, just as the profession of disbelief in ghosts amongst educated people is universal. No one district in England seems to Particularly patronised by ghosts, although naturally one meets them more frequently in counties which' are of l0?-i and romantic character, or .’. Possess romantic histories, than within the metropolitan area. Ghost hunting may be accounted an idle and unworthy pursuit, yet it is not alto gether unprofitable, as ghost legends are not infrequently the channels through which historical facts have been passed down to us which would otherwise have been lost, and, more over-, are illustrative of the fact that the auri sacra fames has not quite knocked all sentiment and imagination out of the English people. Well, there is at any rate one ghost in London, for the first Lord Holland is said t6 walk the Sir Joshua Room m Holland House with his head in his hand—a very fashionable ghostly pro ceeding—on certain nights of the year; and it is a known fact that there are many houses which have never been let, never are let, and never will be let, for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with them.The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no ser vants will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. We may be pretty sure that there are not many people in modern suburban ised Kingston who believe in the time hallowed tradition that on All Souls Night tile dead walk on Kingston Bridge; but no stranger to Epsom was ever shown Pit Place by a native with out being told the "Wicked" Lord Lyttleton’s ghost story—the white bird which fluttered at his window on the night of 24th November, 1779, changing into a white-robed woman, who ap proached the foot of his bed and told him that he would be dead in three days, which actually- happened. Sussex, which of all the home coun ties has retained its old characteris tics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once the centre of England’s iron industry. There is old 'Oxen bridge of Brede Place. There is the headless man of St. Leonard’s Forest, known as Squire Paulett, who jumps npon the crupper of a horseman enter ing the forest, and remains there until clear of it. There is the Drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Black dogs—a favou rite shape assumed by ghosts all over England—haunt all dark lanes and lone by- roads, and under many a seques tered wooden bridge a headless woman may be seen spinning; whilst on the old cattle-road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way, a goblin may bo seen on any dark, wild night, incessantly spinning charcoal ! The same species of “general” ghosts as they may be called, is recorded by Mr Rye, the Norfolk topographer, to be -strongly developed in his county. There is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking among the pits on Ayl merton Heath. There is the great black “Shuck Dog.”—the word “Shuck” said to mean the devil—who at Coltis hall Bridge is headless, and at Salhouse has a blazing eye in the centre of his forehead, and who h§s a brother at Peel Castle in the Isle of Man, the spirit of a murdered prisoner, known as the Mauthe Dog. But the historical ghosts are more interesting objects of study. In the same county of Norfolk, says Mr Rye, young Lord Dacre, who was mur dered in 1565 by his guardian, Sir Richard Fulmerston, whp arranged that a rocking-horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the ave nue of Blickling Park, once a year, in a hearse-like coach, drawn by four headless horses, and driven by a head less driver, with her head in her lap; and her father, Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Calstor Castle there is another coach and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This last rises from a pool every mid-day and midnight, and with its load of four headless, dripping, white-robed ladies, passes slowly round the field and sinks again; and tradition says that at this spot, long ago, a bridal party were up set into this pool, and never seen again. Then there is the Gray Lady of Rain ham—not to be confounded with the Brown Lady of Rainham in Durham_ who represents Lady Dorothy Walpole, forced, it is said, to marry Lord Towns end in 1713; and the ghost of one Lush, who committed suicide and was buried near Redenhall; and many others. A firmly believed in eoacli-ghost is that of Lady Howard, daughter and heiress of Sir John Fitz of Fitzford, in Devonshire, about 1600, who, Mr Baring -Gould says, travels nightly from Oke hampton Castle to Fitzford Gate, Tavis tock., in a coach of bones, preceded by a phantom dog. The Devonshire folk believe this to be the subject of the quaint, weird ballad of “My Ladye's Coach,” which opens : My Ladye hath a sable coach, And horses two and four; My Ladye hath a gaunt bloodhound, That runneth on before. My Ladye’s coach hath nodding plumes, The driver hath no head; My Lady is as ashen white As one that long is dead. But, as Mr Baring-Gould says in his Introduction to the “Songs of the West,” the Lady of the ballad, no doubt, per sonifies Death. Gabriel Craddock is a well known Essex ghost. He was famous in the middle of the last century as Jerry Lynch, the highwayman, who with the proceeds of his exploits built Lapwater Hall, near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of the workmen for drink, he bid them “lap water.” He was run to earth in his new house, wounded, and drowned in the pond to which he had directed the thirsty work men’s attention, and he is still believed to be seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pursuers as they came from Sheffield, Ingrave, Horndon, Laindon, and Pitsea. Mannington Hall, the residence of the Walpoles, Earls of Orfofd, has its ghostly associations. Horatio, second ear], removed all the tombstones of the Scalmers, the former possessors of the Hall, from Wickmere Church, and one of the buried ladies is still believed to Tvalk round the churchyard. To atone for the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford at his burial was driven in his hearse three times round ruined Wickmere Church before being finally laid to rest. Very well known is the stile at Littlecote, near Marlborough, on the old Bath road, whereat Wild Darrell, the principal in the terribly weird tragedy at Littlecote Hall, is still believed to be seen, followed by his howling Sounds, as on the day when he met his death here—riding madly along, reck- | loss in his conscious torture, and con fronted by the apparition of a babe burning in a flame. All the unhappy ladies of history ,"-walk Ann of Cleves paces up and down the gallery bearing her name in Hever Castle; Fair Rosamond walks on the river- bank at Godstow; Amy Rob sart on the side of Cumnor; Mary,Queen of Scots, at Fotlieringhay. We have noted Anne Boleyn’s procedure at Blickling. Canterbury King's School boys faithfully believe, until they at tain age of absolute wisdom when no creeds are tolerated except that in self, that the unfortunate Ngri Cook, famous in the Ingoldsby legWd, haunts the Dark Entry every Friday night. At Apethorpe, the Earl of Westmoreland’s seat in Northamptonshire, Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks in a corri dor, scattering silver pennies as she goes; but the pennies are air, and woe to him who tries to test their solidity— so say, and probably' believe, the good folk around. In the romantic North Country' these poor dames abound. There is the | Brown Lady of Rainham—stately in i coif and rich brocade, but eyeless.There is “Silky” of Denton Hall, near New- 1 castle, in a flowered, Iong-waisted satin gown and a satin hood. There is the White Lady of Skipsea Castle; Lady j Derwentwater of Dilston Castle; the Gray Woman of Willington; Meg of Meldon in a broad hat; the White Lady Blenkinsop, who still wails over a chest of gold, the cause of all the unhapju- ] ness of her married life, cum multis aliis. The famous Cauld Lad of Hyl ton, on the river Wear, was only “laid” during the last century', but his wail, “I’m cauld ! I’m cauld !” has been sworn to as heard at a much later date. He was not quite a stock ghost of the i silent, gliding type, but was more of j a brownie or pixie, working hard in the kitchen during the night if the. maids were sluggards—very much contrary' to the usual rule of his kind. The Gray Man of Bellister is another well-known North Country ghost. His original was a 'wandering minstrel who called, at the Castle, -which is ^near Haltwhistle, on the South Tyne, was admitted, and pleased the Blenkin sop owner for a time, until he got sus picious that the poor old gray-clad sing er was a spy' from a neighbor baron with whom he was at feud. The min strel got wind when he wras suspected, and stole'aw’ayr. Blenkinsop sent blood hounds after him, aiid he wras torn to pieces. As this happened in 1470, and the Gray Man is still spoken of in a dis trict by no means behind the age in re finement, intelligence and education, 'yvho dare hope that argument can ever I overthrow superstition? Corby Castle, near Carlisle, has been modernised, but in it wainscoted, tapestried "Ghost Room” the Radiant Boy still -walks. At Chillingham Castle in Northumberland there was also a radiant boy', until the skeleton of a boy found in one of the bedroom walls, not very long ago, was buried, and then he disappeared; and at Coatham, in Yorkshire, popular tradi-' tion speaks of a shining child who van ishes when pursued. Apropos of ghostly' children, a pretty tradition is connected with a certain West Country bouse, to the effect that every cold morning is seen on the win dow the scribbling of little fingers, not to be effaced by any amount of rubbing. The ghost of Knaresdale Hall, near Haltwhistle, in Northumberland, was a steady belief not very', very long ago. In this case a brother murdered an in convenient sister by drowning her in a pond, and the lady revenged herself by walking from the house to the pond upon every occasion that a member of the family' happened to be about after dark. But if one were to enumerate what may be termed the ” Private Ghosts ” of England and Wales, the walking ladies and gentlemen, who hav ing been nobodies during their lives, are determined that something more than the mere epitaphs over their graves shall keep their memeories green, the limits of this paper would be very far exceeded. The very nouse in which the author of the paper is writing is well known by the villagers to have a White Lady on its uppermost stair landing, a discovery which very mich unhinged some American visitors, who declared that if they had known it, nothing would have induced them to sleep so soundly in rooms abutting on the said landing during three months of the pre sent year. But who she was, History sayeth not. What Canon Jessopp says about his own country of Norfolk is true else where: “If the Norfolk peasant’s mind be nevr so dull, the old traditions, hand ed down from ages past, come in to help him. He thinks it would be im pious to doubt that disembodied spirits still hover about the scenes of their earthly' pilgrimage.” So the Lincoln shire folk say that not only does Here ward the Wake still, on wild nights, ride furiously along the- road from Bourne to Peterborough, but that he haunts the site of his old home close to the Well Head in the town of Bourne, So they believe that Thorpe Hall, near Louth, the ghost of the Spanish lady' who fell in love with Sir John Bolles, as commemorated in the old ballad, which commences: Will you hear a Spanish lady', How shee wooed an English man? Garments gay and rich as may be. Decked with jewels shee had on (known from her dress as the Green Lady) still haunts the particular tree near the mansion. Now and then—not often—ghostly ap pearances or sounds are explained to the peasant’s satisfaction. Thus, in the county of Durham, "Gabriel’s Hounds' were for long, long y'ears believed to shriek and howl through the air on dark nights, and to forebode death to him yvho heard and saw them. But prosaic modern research has proy'ed them to be nothing but flocks of wild geese migrat ing southward on the approach of win ter, and choosing dark nights for their journeys. Similarly, the ghost of Irby dale, in the Lincolnshire Wolds, a gob lin yvho terrified tray'ellers at night with its heartrending cries, and yvho is said to be a witch yvho had been worried to, death by dogs in a long past age, has been shoyvn to be nothing but an owl. On the other hand, no true Cornishman will ever be induced to relinquish the be lief that the spirit of King Arthur still haunts the ruins of Tintagel in the shape of a white chough;- and assured ly the many English families who pos sess a yvhite bird of omen, such as that which Mr John Oxenham saw in West yvard Ho! cling firmly to the tradition, if not to the belief in it. . And so, ghosts or no ghosts, the po sition is just the same at the end of the nineteenth century as at the end of he eighteenth — all argument is against them, and if all belief is not for them, a very great deal more is than people like to acknowledge. In Mr Charles Lowe’s recently-pub lislied book, “Bismarck’s Table Talk” (G revel and Co.), there are one or two references to the Eastern Question yvliich have an interest at the moment. “Germany,” Bismarck declared on one occasion, “has no interest in the East ern Question, so I would rather say nothing about it.” At another time he remarked that the only thing that could affect the strict neutrality of Germany yvas the interest of Austria. “First,” he said, “we have to look after our own interests, then those of Austria which coincide with ours, and after that we must continue to live on as good a foot ing as may be with Russia.” “As for Turkey,” he added, “I do not believe that she will be partitioned, and the i ‘unspeakable Turk’ driven from Europe —at any rate, Mr Gladstone is not the man to do it.” This remark, was, of ] course, made a number of years ago. 