The Colonial Voice of the Flyiug Day. One who endeavours to philosophise tells us that reflections are the harvest of a quiet eye. He gives us the results of his harvest in the following epigrams:— Never be hurt when you are hit; your fellow creatures never bit those whom they cannot hurt. If man were less imaginative, woman would be leas attractive. Woman wants dress; man wants address. Providence made the world a Paradise ; man has made it a hell ; philosophy enables us to make it a purgatorv ; and religion admonishes us to ignore it altogether. Petticoat principles are principally prejudices. In life do not love anything or anybody Do not even love yourself. This is the essence of all wisdom. The extent of your trouble is tlic importance which you attach to it yourself. Most of us. instead of fixing our minds upon the good things that providence has provided, fix them upon the evil things, that man lias produced. This it is which makes so many unhappy. The three degrees of intelligence are—instruction, instinct, and inspiration. Tbe manner of a well-bred man has a certain confident diffidence, which is particularly attractive: it is the consciousness of power, combined with respect for the opinion of others. I think that it was the late Lord Lytton who said somewhere that the chrysanthemum was the emblem of the eternal feminine ; it is so obstinately self-willed, while seemingly malleable. Meeting a short time since a man who during the season had accompanied me to a private exhibition of this flower we recalled to mind what had impressed us as its surpassing beauty. Anything more soft, more feathery, more pure, more Badly pensive in expression than the white ones, we could not imagine. To" those who had seen snow, the whiteness of the flower had the immaculate purity and glint of that frozen vapour; while the petals were as loug as my hand, and fluted, curled and downy. The docility with which the chrysanthemum, lends itself to the fancies of those who tend it gives the flower an almost human interest. It remaius so strangely original ; and it cau be cultivated to present tbe richest and strangest, hues. When Charlotte Bronte first gave to the world Jane Eyre, it was looked npan as one of the eccentricities of genius, and mothers of families put their heads together and asked whether it should be considered an immoral book, unfit for the reading of ' ; their virginal daughters. lEet Jane Eyre lias survived. When ;Lbe first Lord Lytton wrote " Falkland" what an outcry was raised. He bad actually to withdraw it from circulation. Ernq^t Maltravers shocked the moralists, but lie did not give it the same treatment "as Falkland had received. It remained before the public. In Malt.ravers, the heroine's innocence and ignorance of what the world calls sin led her to sacrifice her Virtue. In Falkland, the woman who sacrifices herself, is a married woman. The female novelists of to-day give us stronger doses of medicine than Lord Lytton ever prescribed. He never.gave us anything so strong as Da^id Grieve's love passages in Paris. Woman's feelings and passions were never analysed by him as the passions and feelings of A Superfluous Woman have been. Bead Key-notes by George Egerton, otherwise Mrs. Clairraont. She unbares for us the naked facts of human nature in its most revolting aspects. She seems to have written for those who can appreciate the horrors of the morgue, or the work of a medical student in the dissecting room, described in popular language. How is it that there books are so run after ? Is the palate of the modem novel reader so jaded a« to require these highly spiced books ? Let us now look at what the male writers of fiction have given to the present generation. Thomas Hardy, Hall Caine, George Meredith, Grant Allen, consider that the novelist should be allowed to use whatever materials he requires for producing his work. 1 suppose the materials required are human arts and feelings. '' T«ss of the Durberville's," " The Manxman," "The Woman Who Did," are all questionable as to their moi-ality. And yet Hard^ has given ns "Jude the Obscure" as an improvement upon " Tess/' The critics say that it is iu many ways the best thing he has written. It is more homogeneous, it matches better, it is moie inevitable. And they conclude by saying that it could not be placed in the hands of the rising generation, for it deals with a subject which it has been the tradition of English family life to leave undiscussed, though this riiay be .modified in the i.c-ir future. Is our morality then to fit itself to the coming occasion, or is oar intelligence to become keener tflirough the study of these didactic lessons ? For years we relished .the filth of Zola. One fine morning British virtue was ai-oused, and that realistic author was tabooed. I am afraid that good spelling among pareuts aud children is not valtied eo mnuh a6 good writing.' Thub T wrofe'TW a previous occasion, j A muchly esteemed friend who lias a good deal to do with the Country, one of our weeklies, quotes me in extenso and dilating upon the paragraph given above says that I attach too much importance to spelling, and that two of onr ablest mathematicians, and otherwise most scholarly men of the present day, cannot spell correctly any but the most ordinary words. Granted. They are to be pitied. It is their misfortune, not their fault. In their school days tbey must have been badly taught. I know a schoolmaster, a hard wor king and conscientious man, who cannot spell, and vet he gets pnpils and the parents are satisfied. Is this to be proof that correct spelling is not an essential in education! From the Universities of England to the Model Schools of South Australia orthography is considered one of the necessities of good education, and I could give instances of youths sent np to an English University from a leading pnbiic school passing in all the subjects required by a little-go examination, except conclusiveorthography, and being sent down for the same. "Go and do it yonrse'f. I have beeu at work all day." These words were spaken by a robust youth of about sixteen years of age to his mother, a poor sickly looking woman, in response to her request that lie would chop some wood for the fire. I was standing by talking to the father, who took no notice of liis sor's want of reverence. Rightly has Prior Vaugban. one of the noblest minds of to-day, given his views on the training of the young in the colonies. He says :—" The decided tendency of parents in Australia is to over-indulge th^ir children and to let them have their own way in almost everything. In the old jountry a child is not asked what he would like, but is expected to take wh^t he ia given, and to follow as a matter of course the sounder judgment of his elders. H«re, the natural order is inverted. The child rules the parents. One sometimes finds children putting the conflicting commands of one parent against those of the other, and adroitly capturing their own way out of the wrangling that follows. Hence reverence docs not enter into the com position of Austi a'i;m children." I was lately visiting a house. Three children, two girls and a bo} T , made the parents' home happy. Yet it was impossible to converse. These hobbledehoys monopolised the whole talk, aud when it became possible to speak the answers came from the hobbledehoys. Yet the parents looked as if th<*y thonght this want of good manners was charming. My friend, Smith, scn^s his boy to Mr. Brough's school. During the present holidays at breakfast one morning when asked how he liked going to school, he commenced to descr ibe his teacher. Said he, " He must have known.a Jot, for it has taken the hair off his head." The parents laughed heavfci'y at what they thought the cleverness of this remark. I give these two instances and ask bow can reverence be acquired under such circumstances. Unfortunate parents to have such children, Ktill more unfortunate children to have such pai-ents. Whenever I find a piece of original poetry, I make note of it. Tasmania seems to have been the gem, that gave the following inspiration :—- REMEMBER ME. When summer sheds her sweetest smiles Oa Tasma. gem of southern isles, And fragrant are the scented bowers With glorious wealth of suixmer flowers— When blu^ the sky that knows no cloud, As eyes to which my soul ia vowei. And morning and the evening star In Derwent's wave reflected are— The ocean : tide itself. I ween, Shall biar fond greeting to my queen. Hark to the voice from over-sea, And—heart's beloved—remember me. Y/hen winter nights are chill and c jld. And mist and rain the earth enfold, And ghosts of summers that have been Are brooding o'er the silent scene. And withered every bud that blows, And thorn sole wreek of rarest rose— When envy speaks the absent ill, In spite of all—be loyal stilL While suns light up the realms of day, And mocn? 4 h<; wave of ocean sway, As sun and inuo;: unchanging be, And—heart's' beloved—remember me. I S3c the image that I prizo In evening star that 'ijhts the skies ; No murmur of the pasnv.g wind But call* thy accents to my mi.id ; And fonns of fairest bsauty plt^ise Me only as my spirit sees Some passing likensss, blurred and dim, Of her no human art can limn. Art can the outer form control— No art depicts that peerless soul— Xo weird look dark, too drear to thoe. While you—beloved—remember me ! I do not know whether yonr readers take any pleasure in the solution of missing rhymes, bnfc from a paper received by the last mail I select the following, and if they meet with favour I will send others : — MISSENXr RHYMES. Oar readers are invited to send in to this office solutions of the following :— An old fox. to the best of his Endeavoured, for mire than an To obtain some lipe And. when thvrai-ted, the Declared it was tasteless and Ne'er such a good lady wrvs So let us sing God save the Send her Happy and A happy conclusion I In Port Pirie lived there a Whose movements the people did When he went forrh to Ther, might all the world That still a racc goJly he Two innocents met with a The scene of their hurt a The hero named On hia cro^rn ha-I a The heroine (leas injured) There wa3 a good monarch named Whose feet nearly got in a When a courtier hard To keep topteieumB On the ground spread a part of Lie 