THE PROVINCIAL COUNCIL OF AUSTRALIA. THE JOINT TASTORAL. We continue this week our extracts from this important document :— CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. Our Divine Redeemer has forewarned us that our loyalty to Him will be tested severely. To prove our discipleship we shall be called upon to take up the Cross. If we are worthy of Him, we must be prepared to face the scorn of the whole world, and forego every comfort—houses and lands, home and the love of friends. His commands have also proved prophetic. His Church has stood out tlirough the ages, unique and unmistakable for her devotion to His Cross. His enemies at one time strove to tear her away from Him, or to leave her widowed of the children she had begotten in the Gospel, by torments and death. They failed ; they only brought discomfiture upon themselves and upon the powers of darkness. But the Trince of tliL" world pursues his ways unwearied^ and suits his methods of attack t the genius of each age. He no ionge incites to open attacks on account o religion, nor counsels confiscation or toi inents. His aim; however, is not less deadly. He seeks to poison the springs of Catholic life, the home and the school. Herein the entire growth of each generation takes place. You cannot dissociate them us agencies in the formation and development of mind and heart Let but indifference to the claims of Christ upon our loyalty once get established in the home and in the school, and the character of the new generation will be decidedly unchristian. We have spoken to you of the chief dangers that beset the home. Let us warn you of those which lurk in the school. You, Catholic parents, would not commit your children's education to teachers who made no secret of their wish to poselytise them. We can conceive of no Catholic parent so callous. But remember that there is such a thing as unintentional, unconscious proselyt.isw, a proselyt.isin which is more likely to be effectual thou when it is avowed. No child, no student will refuse deference and credit to the teacher, if the latter is at all qualified for his position. Instinctively the learner trusts at once to the authority and the competence of his teacher. And is it possible that two minds can remain in active communication, in friendly relationship with each other, for years perhaps, the one submissive and receptive, the other authoritative, instructing and directing, without producing impressions far more profound and lasting than what is ordinarily contemplated iu the school course. It. is only right and proper that the teacher should so influence the child. It is his duty to do so. But if the teacher knows Ihe Catholic religion but imperfectly, which unless lie is a Catholic will certainly be the case—if. consequently, he views life and its manifold obligations from a standpoint which is not Catholic. how is. it possible for his intercourse with his pupils, honest and conscientious as he may be,not to result in predisposing them agan'nst. the faith of their baptism ? We have always insisted, and we shall always insist, that religion must be positively taught at school as well as iu the home. Less than this will not suffice to secure the necessary instruction in religious knowledge. The exercises of school, like those out' of it, ought to open with prayer, and ought to bo leavened with religious observances throughout. This is essential to a true Catholic, education, and Catholics will not rest content with less. But even were we to assume that non-Catholic teachers were scrupulously wary in avoiding attempts to undermine the religion of their Catholic pupils—and very many would make no such attempt—yet there remains much more than a negative disadvantage for the Catholic child ; he necessarily catches something of his master's religious tone. And, therefore, we are bound t» admonish Catholic parents, that in placing their children under tedchers who are not of their own faith they are in all cases exposing the faitJ of the children to danger. Men wh< have no definite religious beliefs wil not appreciate this reasoning. Thej lack the principle which gives it force But -Catholics understand its meaning, and they have shown how earnestly it appeals to them. But. unfortunately, it is not true that all teachers in the public schools of these colonies are tender of Catholic susceptibilities. The Church lias no means of excluding from the public school the sectarian fanatic or the still more fanatical Agnostic. She has no power to remove from the class-room that, aggressive spirit, tliat contemptuous reference to her history, her" doctrine*, and ber sacraments, which has flourished unrebuked in high places. The entire genius of the public school system is antagonistic' to that wblih the CathoUfcs demand, and it ifi surely no 'wonder that public schools ?>cronie centres of'more than passive hostility t» the fcilfh of Catholics. TThder giitee. «f=fair play they are got up, juntaowingty on, the p&r;€.<of. the great-bulk of the people, but ffone the less effectually, as points of attack upon the Catholic religion. We) do not charge our fellow-countrymen with deliberate intent to assail the Catholic religion through the system of education now in vogue. In point of fact the system is held by Cat-holies to be inimical to their faith, and, therefore, it is unacceptable to them. And on this matter they alone are competent to judge. To take it out of their hands is simply to trample on freedom of thought and freedom of conscience. No one dare pretend any longer that this opposition to the public school system emanates only from the bishops and priests. Twenty years of hard work in establishing and maintaining Catholic schools have scattered that fallacy to the winds. Catholics are solid with their spiritual guides on this all important question, and the organs of public opinion have come to admit as much. But the Catholic child who is compelled to attend a secular non-Catholic school not only runs risks to his faitli ; his morals may also be imperilled. We would fain pass over this topic, were it not for the gravity of the interests involved. But the purity of mind, the chastity of life which the Church endeavours to cultivate in the little ones of Christ must be our justification. This is the jewel of youth, the pledge of a. righteous life. The Catholic home is redolent of the chaste atmosphere of Nazareth ; so is the Catholic school: the sanctions of faith, the examples of Saints, and, above ail, of the Queen of Saints, the united ^prayer, the ejaculatory invocations of Divine help at each stroke of the hour—these are so many ever-recurring reminders to the young heart, of things 'hea venly, tliey so leaven the entire waking life of the child that he comes to grow up under their influence, and with the confirming grace of the Sacraments acquires that Catholic instinct which makes him recoil from whatever is darkly suggestive. But remove him from these salutary infiuences: cast him with his plastic, unformed nature into the midst of companions who at all events do not review morals from the standpoint of Catholic faith ; whose homes have not a uniform standard of morals : who belong to sects and communities holding very diverse opinions on most practical life questions; and all of whom feel that in the school, religion, with its sanctions, is more or less a forbidden subject ; are we to expect that children of tender years, of immature judgment, yet developing passions, will continue to observe stoical self-restra.int from the beggarly motives supplied them in the moral instructions approved by secularists ? They who think they will must be singularly ignorant of what, passes ; they who are satisfied to expose the children to such a perilous experiment, must set. little store by the moral purity of the rising generation. Hence, Catholic parents are not justified by ordinary necessities in sending their children to such schools. Under extraordinary difficulties their efforts to counteract the evil influences of such surroundings, as well as the special vigilance which the master .may be supposed to exercise, will doubtless be seconded by special graces from heaven. The Holy <>host measures Tlis aids by the needs that, cry out for them ; but such needs' must not be of our own choosing ; when we unnecessarily expose ourselves or our charge to danger, we forfeit our claim to special grace. The Holy Ghost lolls us that they who love the danger shall perish in it. And hence, whenever it is possible .to maintain a Catholic school, there the pastor and the parents -will be. accountable to our Divine Master, if through inertness they suffer His little ones to be scandalised. to be seduced from that saying doctrine which He came on earth to teach them, and from that holy conversation and that everlasting life which He died upon the Cross to bestow on them. His words should ever ring in the ears of those who have charge of youth. To pastors and parents they are a dreadful warning : " He that shall scandalise one of these little ones that believe in me, it were better for him that a mill-stone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depths of the sea " (Matth. xviii., G). But it is needless, we rejoice to know, to dwell upon the duty of providing Catholic education for our Catholic children. Surely Australasia has by this learned that we Catholics are of one mind on this matter, and that we are as resolute as we are unanimous. It is a singularly short-sighted policy In those who profess a patriotic concern for the future of this great land to encourage at this critical stage of its : national development a system of administration which strikes at liberty of conscience, and is an outrage upon justice. When Catholics protest I against a form of instruction for their children which has been devised contrary to their wishes, and when they declare that they may not, without doing violence to their conscientious convictions, avail of it, are they not warranted in so asserting their political rights ? Who but Catholics shall foft tlie judges of what are the religioui convictions of Catholics ? Or ha».it <come to this that our age of ^progress fend equality, and political freedom, is drifting rapidly towards an odious, hypocritical servitude V Shall Catholics be told that they must not have religious convictions ; that they must not claim to save for their Divine Masttjr the little ones who have been given them, who have been baptised into the Catholic faith ; that Catholic parents shall be deprived of one of the most sacred rights inherent in them, until they are able to sweep the polls by the brute logic of numbers ? Or shall they be told to rest satisfied and thankful for the poor permission to open and maintain schools of their own, even while the taxes they pay go to educate the children of others '! It is a little better than the arrangement of a century and a half back, when their forefathers went to Catholic schools only at the peril of their lives ; when a price was set upon the head of a Catholic school-master. It is better, but none the less is it a mockery of justice and liberty. Were the demands of Catholics impracticable or untried elsewhere, they might with some appearance of reason, justify statesmen iu declining to entertain them. If the Catholics of Australasia had remained listless in the face of secularism, hod suffered their children to go in a body to the public schools; had they not erected their own schools and equipped them for secular instruction, so as to be in a position to court inspection and examination on those subjects which form the curriculum of the public schools ; were they not satisfied to conform with the regulations which the State may impose as to the standard and quality of secular instruction, they might perhaps l>e taxed with unreasonableness. But. they are doing the work which, not they, but the general public should have to pay for. if their children were transferred to the public schools. They are doing it. we are confident, fully as well. At all events, they are satisfied to state their claim for a fair shave out of the school rate upon the tests of efficiency which are applied to the public schools. They can point, to precedents which ought surely to have weight with the people of these colonies ; they ask for nothing out of analogy with the system which obtains in England. There the voluntary schools are part of the system of national instruction; and even Mr. Chamberlain (surely no friend of denominational schools) has confessed that the voluntary schools of England are doing a great national work, and far more economically than the secular or board system. We should gladly welcome any supervision of our schools, which respected the arrangements which we hold to be necessary for safeguarding the faith and morals of the children. We consider that a free alliance with the State Department of Public Instruction would tend largely to consolidate and systematise our educational establishments. In return, we should be able to' infuse elements no less important to a. system of national education. Such a system should be devised with a view to the practical requirements of life; and who can claim to know the wants of the people as intimately as the pastor of the church ? Can the minister of education, whom the chances of the hustings create for a. season : can the expert in school discipline, whose study is the actual capacity of children during their school years ; can the teacher, who is hardly permitted, even if he had the wish, to look forward to the probable requirements of his child in after years—can any of these pretend to understand from daily, personal, solicitous overnight of the people from youth to old age the character and extent of the instruction which will prove serviceable to the bulk of the children in the course of life ? The nation, in committing the supervision of its educational work exclusively to a paid department, and ousting the Church from its councils, is closing its ears to invaluable counsel. It is not by hostility and separateness that the forces of the commonwealth are combined and directed to a common development or that the various elements of power are knit and compacted together. It is unpatriotic to the last ^degree to deprive the State of that in- 'fluence which would result from respecting the frge spirit of a people who put conscience before wealth and comfort. CANCER AND " THE BOOK."—At a suburban court on Wednesday morning a man, who was giving evidence, kissed the book in the usual manner. A medical gentleman present pointed to the act, paying, " Look at ihe cancerous growth on that man's lip." The disease was plainly visible. The next witness had not seen it, however, and performed the act of oscillation with a resounding smack. Sturdy the time for making an affirmation without kissing the hook has arrived. • 