“MINE OWJJ FAMILIAR] FRIESD." "Have you seen my wife about any where, Acheson? I can’t think where she has got to. She’s dancing, and she has never been known to enter the sup per-room til! the ball was over and the ■ horses were catching their deatli of cold , at the door. I don't know where she is to be found.” A ghost of a smile flitted over Colonel Acheson’s face, as the husband of the pretty Mrs Arthur Winton, who had just made his appearance on the scene in action Qf a crowded ballroom, made inquiries.as to his wife’s whereabouts. It was not to be expected that ho should enlighten the newcomer, though he was quite capable of doing so, for not five minutes ago he had seen Rose Winton’s blonde head and Jim Duncombe’s black one in unnecessarily close proximity in one of those cosy corners prepared by thoughtful hostesses for the comfort of weary dancers. They were in shadow, for a big palm spread wide fronds over the fair head and the dark one, and a Cairene screen hung with Eastern dra peries isolated them from the rest of the Colonel Acheson was no spy. but he could not help seeing them as he passed, and wishing, as he did so, that Jim Duncombe’s latest fancy had not been for his friend's wife. All the same he answered Vinton's reiterated inquiries with diplomatic vagueness: “Oh! she’s sure to be all right. You'll come across her sooner or later;” and then the music began to play again, and like flocks ot birds the dancers once more fluttered into the ballroom attracted by the dreamy, languorous melody of the Sven-i gali Waltz as it rose and fell. •-ast of them ail came Mrs Winton and H *. combe to 'dance divinely” with the ot, eis, and to become, partly on account of their supreme good looks, and partly by reason of the magnetic attraction they appeared to have for each other, the cynosure of all eyes. .Arthur Winton and the Colonel stood watching them as they waltzed to the sweet, melancholy notes of the song so ' beloved by Trilby and her friends. “Oil! don't you remember sweet Alice, Ben Bolt?" hummed Arthur just under his breath. "Ah! that was a wife to have had. Acheson," he said, laughing, but with just an under-current of sad ness in his mirth, "She wept with delight when you gave her a smile, And trembled with fear at your frown.” "I’m not certain I would have fancied that sort of woman,” said the Colonel, in gruff hut kindly tones. "I never could care for any one who always harked to my halloa.” “How do you do, Mrs St. Roger?" said both the both men at once as a tall graceful woman, with a pale face, and a high tiara of diamonds crowning a sleek brown head, came up to them. She shook hands cooily with Colonel Acheson, and with a great deal more friendliness with Winton—indeed, there was perhaps a triile more than mere friendliness in the expression of the russet-brown eyes that looked at him so steadily from under their dark “I see Rosie is dancing hard—having the best of times, as usual," said Mrs St. Leger, who had every right, as a bosom friend of Mrs Winton’s, to be interested in her proceedings. “Oh, ail excellent time!” answered Arthur cheerily. He was the last man in the world to wear his heart upon his sleeve, even for Mrs St. Reger's benefit. “Shall we follow their example, and have a turn?” And soon they were dancing to the measured rhythm of the waltz of many memories. It was not wonderful that her hus band's eyes should turn so often in the direction of his pretty wife, for at this time of her career all men’s eyes seemed to follow Mrs Arthur Winton with ad miration whenever she appeared on the scene. She was so bewiteliingly pretty, with tiie very sort of looks that appeal most to the masculine heart. There was no tragic grandeur about her. no severe and classical regularity of face or form; hut she was fair and blooming, as befit ted a namesake of the Queen of Flowers. She had “a face made out of a rose.” and a sweet, charming, childish expression and smile. The world in general, anti her kind friends in particular, called her fast. But, if so. there was nothing premedita ted in her bad behavior and if she erred at all, it was from sheer high spirits and gaiety of heart. If all men loved her, she loved them tod in return, but not very much; and, though few would have given her the credit for it, she preferred her silent, undemonstrative husband to them all. As for liim, the statuesque beauty ho held in his arms just now could not distract his atten tion for one moment from the fairy looking creature, crowned with roses, who looked so charming as she danced with Jim Duncombe. The waltz ended at last, and then came the usual stampede of dancers hurrying from the ballroom to rest, to sup, and, in many cases, > to flirt. "Ret’s sit out somewhere, Mrs Win ton,” whispered Jim Duncombe, as he led his pretty partner up the somewhat steep staircase, each step of which was already appropriated. The landing was cool, the lights discreetly shaded; but, alas! they were not the first to discover that haven, for two or three loving couples were there before them, a state of affairs that did not suit Duncombe at all. “This way, Mrs Winton," he said boldly, and as if he had the map of the house by heart, while he led her up some more stairs to a large and not particu larly well-lighted room. The door was open and he did not scruple to go in. It was a nice enough room, with a line of cupboards on two sides of it, but, as the most important article of furniture seemed to be a large sewing-machine, the natural conclusion was that it was the work-room of their hostess’s lady’s maid, and that these presses contained her ladyship’s dresses. However, there was one fairly com fortable armchair for Mrs Winton, and a man so much in love as Jim Duncombe was not likely to think of fatigue or to care whether he sat or stood! Mrs Winton did not quite understand that she was indiscreet to be up there at all, and that in fact she was playing with fire; but as her companion could do nothing hut stare at her, and hardly seemed to take in what she was saying, she might have guessed at the truth. “We ought not to be here, Jim,” she said merrily, not knowing she was speaking to deaf ears. “No! I don’t mean that I am afraid of Rady Vaughan’s maid, though I should be sorry if she found us in her room, but Arthur would be mad if he knew where I was. Yes, Jim, mad! You know no one gives him the credit for being jealous, because he looks so quiet and calm and indifferent, and he never would condescend to worry or bother me; but he has a horror of what he calls hole and-corner flirtations, and he would be awfully annoyed if he came up and saw me here—with you,” she added, coquet tishly. A word, a look is often enough at such moments to open the sluice-gates of pas sion, and the little upward glance with which her remarks were accompanied, not to mention the touch of a small hand on this arm, were too much for him. The next moment she was in his arms, and he was kissing her passionately. Just for a moment she was taken by surprise, ar.d then she pushed him away violently. “Oh, Jim! how dare you? how dare you? I shall never speak to you again. I—listen, listen—I do be lieve someone is coming.’’ AVitli blanched cheeks and an expres sion of genuine alarm she listened in tently. Footsteps could bo heard dis tinctly on the uncarpeted boards of the narrow passage leading to the room, * and. worst of all, the voices that fell on their ears were well-known and familiar "My husband! Cecil St. Leger! Oh, what are we to do?” she gasped, looking round the room wildly to discover an other outlet that was not to bo found. "I know,” and Quick as thought she unlocked one of the doors of the long line of cupboards displaying as she did so a vista of gorgeous gowns hung up by the heels. "Come in—quick, quick! Jim, you must!” She was in before she could remonstrate, and there was noth ing for him to do but to follow her. He was not in hiding a minute too soon, for they had hardly managed to get tlie door shut before the new ar rivals entered the room. “A\That a dear little room !” said Mrs St. Leger, in her soft, purring tones, "and how nice to get out of the hurly burly for a few minutes! You were clever to bring me here — Arthur.” ) Arthur, indeed ! Half buried as she was in the voluminous blue velvet folds of I one of Lady A'auglian’s gowns, Mrs AVinton was able perfectly to hear her so-called friend call her husband by his Christian name, and she did not like it at all. “Dear me,” wont on the lady outside, who was certainly mistress of the situa tion. "some one has been here before us and has left her fan behind her,” pick I ing up, as she spoke, a lovely pink ‘ leather fan from the floor. “It is very like dear Rosie’s lovely fan, but of course it can’t be hers.” A measured elick cliek told its owner that Mrs St. Leger was fanning herself with the article in question. “I wish I had such a pretty fan,” she continued patheticalIy.‘‘Xow T look at it again, I am certain it must be Rosie’s. She is a careless little darl ing. but she has her own way in every thing, and can afford to be careless. I always call her the luckiest girl T know.” "Lucky ! AA'hat is she so lucky in?” asked her husband. “Ah! Now you are fishing for a com pliment,” said’ Mrs St. Leger. and Rosie could imagine the smile that would ac company her friend’s words. 4111 tell i vou. Arthur," earnestly, and as If the truth must be told at all hazards, “she is lucky because she has the best, the kindest, the most unsuspicious husband! in the world. Dear Rosie means no harm, but not one man in a thousand would stand the way she goes on." As Airs St. Leger uttered these words, the half-stifled Duncombe felt his fel low prisoner give an impatient move ment. and a great jet tassel hit him full in the face. He was smothered in some thing soft and fluffy, a bunch of rib bons tickled his nose, and he began to wonder how long he could possibly hold It was now AVinton’s turn to speak. “I suppose I am easy-going," he said, in curiously distinct tones—“a fool, in fact. But it has never seemed worth my while to make a fuss. Rosie is a nice little thing, and I am very fond of her; but after a bit a fellow wants more than that, Cecil—one wants a woman who has a soul, and I’m not over cer tain that Rosie has one at all.” Mrs Arthur could hardly believe her ears. Could this, indeed, be her hus band who was discussing her so calmly with her particular friend ? No won der that the jet ornaments that adorned some pendent gown were set once more in motion, and her companion’s face was peppered by them as if he had been caught in a hailstorm. ” Poor Arthur,” murmured Airs. St. Leger, after an artistic pause, ” you de- i served a better fate. Dear Rosie can’t help being frivolous and shallow. She was born to papilloner la vie, but you want something more than that. Like so many of us, you want what you can’t get.” “How well j'ou understand me, Cecil!” said Arthur, in strangled tones, that sounded in his wife's ears full of emo tion. "There is but one woman in the world for every man, and he generally meets her too late. It won’t stand talk ing about.” Such was not Airs St. Leger’s opinion. She would have liked talk like this to have gone on all night, and, though she was ready to believe that AVinton only suggested that thej' should go down stairs because he was not sure of him self in her fascinating society4, for her part nothing would have pleased her more than an impassioned declaration of love and admiration from him. It surprised her somewhat to find his manner waxing cooler and cooler with every step they took downstairs, and that he seized the earliest opportunity of leaving her once they had reached the ballroom, but she consoled herself by thinking that for her sake alone he wished to keep up appearances. The sound of their footsteps had hardly died away on the ears of the captives before Airs Arthur pushed open, with no gentle hand, the door of her temporary prison, and stood free once more. Her pretty little face, usually so sweet and smiling, was now flushed, angry and much perturbed ; and she had the appearance — frock and all — cf having been packed for some time in too tight a box, and of having got rather crumpled in the process. As for her companion, with his hair on end, and his complexion of a deep shade of crimson, he did not look at all like the cool and collected Jim Duncombe of the earlier part of the evening, and if he expected some com pensation, or even sympathy, he was wofully disappointed.. _ His lady love stamped her foot at him. In some mysterious wajr she proved that it was all his fault that they had been shut up in the cupboard at all; and then, her mood suddenly' changing, she told him that she had had enough of this dreadful ball, and in heartbroken accents, and with her blue eyes suffused with tears, she asked him to see her to her carriage, which, on the whole, he was not very sorry to do. For some daj’s after the ball Airs Ar thur AVinton seemed very unlike her self. She was dull, depressed, and just a little out of humor, although, to her secret annoyance, her husband, if he noticed any change in her, forebore to make the slightest remark. His Rose drooped her pretty head, but he displayed neither anxiety nor sur prise, a state of matters that did not please her at all. At last she could stand it no longer, but, forgetful of the fact that she had not been supposed to assist at his tete a-tete with her friend, she reproached him for his flirtation with Airs St. Leger. and accused him of having found fault with her conduct to Cecil. “I do know, as it happens,” answered Arthur AVinton, pleased that his wife had taken so much to heart his sup osed treachery to herself, “and I will tell you fairly that you and Duncombe don’t know how to play the game of hide and seek at all. AVhy, I heard your voices the other night at the ball before I got to that upstairs room. AVe found your fan there. I even saw your pretty little fingers”—and here he kissed their rosy tips—“pulling to the cupboard door. If Mrs St. Leger was not the most self absorbed woman in the world, she must have found you out too. However, she did not do that; she only believes that I am madly in love with her. She is wel come to think what she likes, so long as you, my little Rose, know better, and so long as I am sure of you. In spite of this last escapade, which, all things consid ered, was not really an amusing one.”^ “World." 