POOR JULIANA, Juliana wa« one year old, There was nothing phenomenal about that. Every man and woman in the world haa been one year old ones. She was Booking her thumb, and a peculiar oareworn look was on her email nnbabylih brow. A philosopher of babies might have said ■he was seeing the long long way her soul had oome to this small unhandsome habita tion—and worrying over the dark steep paths It had to oltmb, this house npon its book, for perhaps fifty, sixty, or seventy years, as mortals oonnt them. He might have fennd that her soul was objecting to this accommodation or that the Infant house was warring dismally over this usurping tenant. Howsoever that might be, Juliana was very sad, and after much thumb anoking, ■he nttered a dismal little wail and screwed np her eyes from the light. «• it almost seems as if she is crying over her mother’s broken heart,” said Juliana’s mother tremulously. M Pish l Tnsh 1 Tosh !” said Juliana’s father, "God knows I need some one to weep * with me over my misery—my sorrows—my loneliness 1” " Drivelling lnnaoy 1” exclaimed the man. Bnt Juliana wept again, a shrill tearless wail. " Only hear her 1” said the mother—" It Is not a baby’s ory—listen." "It Is not 1" said the father—"it’s a night owl’s—an expiring pig’s—a curlew’s shriek. ” "You do not deserve to be a father or a hnsband. I wish to heaven there was a law to forbid men from being Members of Parliament.” The man smiled. Then he crossed the room and put his hand on her beantlinl arm, gloved past its elbow in best kid and adorned at its wrists with bangles. He smiled indulgently, for her petnlanoe was pretty, her tesr-wot eyes like brilliant stars, and her quivering month quite lovely. 111 wish I oonld iio—almost!” she said, V Yon baby! Men must work and wemen must play. Como I will take yon to yonr party then.’’ " I only want to oreep into a corner and be alone 1” she said, bnt she fluffed her side hair into new little onrls in a business-like way, and regarded her billowy silken train over her shoulder. " That is all I want, too," said her hus band, and he twirled the flowing ends of his monstaohe and settled his oravat. And J uliana walled bitterly. J uliana was ten years old and her sonl and body were still sparring. Her imagination, wnloh must pass, for, say, the garden of her bouI—her imagination was a serpentining wilderness in which wandered ghosts and goblins and giants, fairies, elfs, and imps, prince’, kings, and queens. But for all that she was lonely. Her pinafered body was badly developed, her stockinged legs tb.in as two little atioka, her hair dark as midnight with a storm in it, her oyes blue with the sunshine oat of them. She was not pretty, and she was very shy. “ Suoh a strange child," people said. " She never oomes to yonr knee. You do not want to kiss her. She is her own grand mother J” “ If I had a little ouddlesome child, God kaews I could be a better woman,’’ said Julianas mother—"as It is, things are hardening me. A man cannot love his wife and j the world. Things are hardening From a oorner Jaliana looked np. The dnsk was ronnd her thickly, and she was ten to-day. She pushed her new birthday doll behind her and clasped a flabby rag ane, close. , "My little ondlleeomo child !” she said; " things are hardening me—oh, my cuddle some ohtld !"' She spoke in the tiniest ef whispers and langhed softly into the rag face, "People think I am happy," said her mother. .." No,” said a beautiful girl, who was Juliana’s youngest aunty, "No. They think you want them to think yon are happy.” "They think I am hard and cold and heartless,” 11 No. They only say yon and Walter are badly assorted! And they know Juliana is a disappointment to yon.” "Jatianal" The bell-toned voice rang into the dim oorner and the little girl pressed the bunoh of r*gs close to her narrow small chest. “ 1 could bear it better,” said her mother —" If Walter would help me, If she is my child, she is his also—yet ha always oasts her in my teeth,” The beautiful aunt langhed. "Yon oan retaliate,” she said. " Oh, I do 1 yon may be sure. At first I need to bear and bear, now—well, yesterday he met her in the street near the front door —I wonder he knew her. * Cannot you keep yonr beautifal daughter in a more promi nent place than on the front doorstep ?' he said. 1 was vexed, too, for he had brought Arthur Carew home with him. ' If she were mine alone!' I said, 'I should be mnoh sterner. Remembering how much of her is yours I am less exacting and sorrier for her.’” “ She Is quite Intelligent " She oan read anything, her nnrsa tells me. What dees that matter I Walter oalls her Mnckle.mcnth I" "Why, he mast have been reading Browning!” Juliana's room was dark. Clara the nursemaid had just snuffed the candle. In the heavens all the golden lamps were alight and a small, friendly moon was smiling. "When people grow up, Clara,” asked the little girl, *■ do they get suddenly differ ent t” "Now, Miss Jaliana, you go te sleep.” " When I am grown up, how shall 1 have got different ?” " Different ? Now, yon say yonr ‘ Gentle Jesus,’” .."Oh, Clara, do tell me. Children are some people, and grown-np people are other people, aren’t they; how do they oeme sol” -i "Grown-up people are only children bigger and older.” Clara spoke like a philosopher. “ But me asked the small, yonng child. " You ? You’ll grow a bit older, and maybe a bit bigger every day; and then at last they'll pnt yon In a long dress, and you’ll bo a woman. Now say yonr ' Gentle Jesus,’ ” " I won't say it to-night,” said the child. '• Go away—go away—go away.” Clara went, langhlng. There was a warm spot In her heart for the wayward, ngly ohild, Sometimes she wonld bit her, and some times she would kiss her. Sometimes, talking to ethers, she wonld tap her forehead where a frizzy fringe lay, and nod towards Jaliana. That being in* terpreted Into Clara’s words meant— "Hash J— little pitohers 1 There’s no taking her in, I oan tell yon!' But sometimes she would talk to her quite affably, and treat her as an equal and a friend. To-night the waters went over Juliana's sonl. ” We’ve always got to be ourselves I” she cried. "Oh, Caroline 1” Caroline was the rag doll, and she Bab mltted to a passionate embrace. Perhaps her sonl,. too, was a-weary of Its poor, un lovely habitation. Presently there asms a softened tread upon the stairs, a hand npon the deer—the rustling of a dress. "Why, that's mammal” orisd Jaliana, ohoking down a tearJeis sob. Her eyes stared through the darkness wonderingly. Theysiw a tall, beantlfal figure cross the floor by the foot of Clara’s bed, and oome close te her own small, white one. They aaw a white faoe, white arms, white neck rad shoulders'. Very often they had seen ea much through the creak of • door,, or over the braUteri 5 very seldom, Indeed, u this tep*itory bedroom. Thon a new, etrrage thing happened. The white hands strayed over the sheet, and drew her own little, dark head till it rested on the aoft, rounded arms; straying ringed .fiogers smoothed her pillow-tossed hair. The soft, onrvlng lips stooped down and pressed her own unlovely month; «'My baby 1" whiipered her mothers voice—" Juliana !" f With passionate swiftness Jnllana s thin, little arms went round her mother s seft “ Mamma!” she said qnaveringly. «* Jaley 1—little girl! Would te God you had never seen the light. J uley my one ohild—you love matuna 7” " Yeo," said Jaley, breathing hard. “ You will always love mamma!—always. Kiss me—soft, little month. Oh, my Goa. Baby’s cheeks so aoft. Ob, yon poor little baby mite. Kiss me, Jaley !’’ It was hours afterwards, and Juliana was waked suddenly. Shs was too dszed to remember tho marvellous happening of a while ago. A oandla was flaring wildly upon the chest of drawers ; thick streams of wax ran down Its BldeB, The door was wide open, the moon still smiling through the window. Juliana liked to see Clara’s curl-papered head bobbing round tho room, and instead she found hor father standing there at the bed-foot—arms folded aoross his ohest, eyes fixed gloomily on her. Jullaus watohed him silently. «• My God 1" he crisd, and flung out an arm—“ Why didn't I shoot them both 7” At this J aliens shivered, and thrust the clinging Csroliue into safety lower dewn between the sheets. She looked at her father through half* oloaod lids. Sleep seemed a refuge to her now that she was awake. She had always feared this great, strong father of hqrs. He oame closer, stooped over, and her faoe went white as wax. 11 She had no mother-love In her !’ he orled. “ Her. only ohild—puny, half deformed—and she conld leave her. God, why didn’t I shoot 7" " Suoh women are not worth shot 1* said the sharp voice of hiB mother—"and I will take the ohildJ” Juliana was eighteen years old, and grown up, That is to say, she wore long dresses and walked sedately. Her faoe was not pretty. It was thin and pale, with dark, eager, earnest eyes, heavy brows, and a month so Iargs that she blamod it for her less of the teste of life’s sweet ness. At eighteen the apple of Paradise was placed within her resoh, and she saw life newly. In midnight silenoes she dreamt fair waking dreams, and in the morning, havina seen her faoe in the mirror, she went away, and straightway forgot wbat manner of faoe It was, “ It was the sweetest little faoe In the world,” she was told. That was oua evoniog, when the moon shine was whitening her grandfather’s homestead, and filtering through tree branohes to har own little figure, enfolded by a dark-sleeved arm. And in tho kind moonlight it was sweet. Her soul lay in her eyes, a soul that had known the dark ways of pain, and was groping amazedly into sunshine. Her dark har framed her little, thtn faoe, shadowed her forehead, and fell loosely round her shoulders, for hor bsok was curved and ugly, and she used her hair as a kindly screen to hide her deformity. It was her one beauty. “ The loveliest hair I have ever seen 1” said the voloe of the soothsayer, whom the wioked little love-g d had blindfolded, " It is only a tangle cf blaoknoss,” said Jnliana, who knew it was beautiful. " Black hair and bine eyes—that is beauty. Tell me your faoa Is not lovely 1” But she did not, for she knew that it was pitifully plain, “ Oh!” she bogged, " do not love mo for my looks}” " 1 do not, I would love yeu if you were an Esquimaux. Only I oanuot help beiog glad for yonr face I” The little ohnokling love-g'd tightened hia bandage, It must have struck him that he had oome aoross something very good in the way of a joke. ''My name is horrible,” said the girl. " It was my mother's, She was a most beautiful woman—it always seems to mock But she had drawn nearer, and kissed passionately, " Do you love me 7—do yeu love me, Juliana 7” " Yes,” she said, sedately, ” Oh, yon little oeld creature ! You don't know what love is. I wake in the night times, seeing your beautiful eyes—your dear soft mouth, I trudge for miles and miles to tire out my longing for yon. Yon will never know what love like mine is.” “ Look how ugly I am,” she said, raising a woeful little face, " Oh, do see 1” He looked lovingly, and drew her nearer. She drew back her hair. " You must, you shall knew,” she went on, feverishly, "even my own father and mother ooold not love me. My mouth is ugly l" he kis°ed It. “ My baok is beat !” —he stroked it. " It Is you, you I love l" he said—" You I shall love forever.” *' Lov* Is net for you,” said her grand mother, who was a Stoic—" you must put it away.” "I would rather die," said the girl, monotonously. The old woman looked at her. In spite ef hor years, she knew that love was the eBBenoe ef being, and not a raiment te be oast away, worn out or out-grown. 11 He has only seen yeu of all womankind for six months,” Bhe said. " Send him away for a month, and wait. Tour love will only curse him—you must let him go,” Juliana was nineteen. She wore her hair drawn tightly baok, revealing the deformity it had so kindly concealed. Her sweetest consolation was the thought that " no life lives for ever." “ You have done your duty,” her grand mother said—but she was a Stoio, and I loaked upon successful performance as sufficient reward. j Juliana learnt to pray the prayer of the courageous—that her book might stralghtly oarry its burden; not as the half oourageous say—that tho burden might be proportioned to the baok. ! She was nineteen, and alone. She looked backward over a atrotoh of lovely sorrow ful years, and forward over a dark Boa of *^But under a faoe drilled oeld, were all the emotions and tortures of youth, with its blood on fire. He came baok to her at last. There was a flower in his button-hele, and his face was sunburnt and aomely. Hers was quite white, and her eyes were oeld. For awhile they talked trivialities with an eagerness almost desperate. Then Jollana tamed to him suddenly. " There is something yon have oome to tell me,” she said quietly, " What is it!” He laughed uneasily. “ 1 suppose there 19,” he said. " Well, tell me." She folded her thin hands together tightly. •• Yon remember sending me away, he began haltingly ;"you remember haw gener ous yon were when—when—I thought I loved you." •• All love should be proved—that was not generous,” she said, aententlously. “ What is she like 7" He looked up gratefully, " Yon gaess!” he said. " I never eonld hide things from you.” He watohed her with furtive admiration for her mind's keenness. " When is it to be—or has it been 7” she M “*I have net spoken yet,” he said, with a most boyish expression of Irrakneis—the clear open loo’i that had first wen her ! heart. «« What ia ehe like Y’ asked Juliana, with sadden gentleness. 11 She la an angel," he said enthasiastie ally, Juliana lived te be quite old, aud age did not improve what youth oonld not make fair. That la to say, the stoop of her shoulders inoreaaed, her mouth grew uglier, her oheeka thin and unlovely, and her hair thin and grey. She lived with her grandmother till her grandmother died, and then she lived alone. She worked hard, read hard, prayed hard, and enforoad a rigorons discipline in her life. " She ia oold and heartless,” people often Bnt she was only heart-broken. “ For the misery I have someone else haB happiness,” sho told herself in phllan thropioal moments, for she held fast to the Doctrine of Compensation, 