MELBOURNE GOSSIP. [FROM A LADY CORRESPONDENT.] Sl Kilda, Victoria. Dear Lai, — The successful American actress, Mrs. Brown Potter, and her handsome col league, Mr. Eyrie Bellew, at present in Melbourne, mast, methinks, vet poor £hake~ speare'a ghoat by their version of ' As Yon ?Like It.' Many people, who disapprove of general theatre-going, make an exception io favour of the legitimate drama, so the audiences have been good. However, if these good folk only knew the most fin dt siede playwright in existence would hardly intro duce them to a bolder hnsey of a heroine than 'Rosalind' bb played by Mre Potter. A paintei actress, shrill and bizarre, romping feverishly in the forest of Ardeo, ahe euggestej some New Woman run mad, rather than the winsome maiden of Shakespeare's fancy, mas* qaeruding in page's dress lor lore's sweet On a recent Monday these theatrical cele brities spent the afternoon at the salon, where they swallowed tea and adulation wholesale. Mrs. Potier looked beautiful— she really is very handsome, though in the fierce light that beats about the stage, she cannot hide the tact that she is extremely thin, and as flat as if you'd roiled her out with a paste pin. On the boards, presumably to hide her angles, Bbe affe.-ts suralbes and billows of of clothes. Her Rosalind dress is the fac simile of Crusoe's goat-skia sait, and her garments, hose not except ed, are baggy beyond btlief. Noua iaya, the popular actress-type seems to be the Binuoua, ser pentine charmer, modelled on 'he lines of Sara Bernhadt, uhile 'fine women' who would have gladdened the eyes of our fathers, are r-ncered at as ' good armfuis ' and all the To return to the Solon, where Mr p. Potter wore a yellow gown under a brown plueb cloak, which she huggei roaud her con spirator-1* ise or flviog back impetuously ats Bhe talked. ' Beauty ' Bellow, as hi* admirers used to c±ll him befoie his curb giew po grey, made a gushing speech, pro testin? that S.Ionites could not be half ao overjnyerf to welcome Iiim as be w«is to bask in tlieir .-miles Tbey had with f em their pretty protegee, a sixteen year old American girl, u bo wore a fruck cut low in the ntck, iritb a big hat and talked nineteen to the doz?D. Yesterday there was a Scotch* programme at the fSalon, ont of compliment to a biuroe on a \i*it to her birth place, 'the land of heather.' Aniong other members, we beard 'taller FTprrin,' '* Binks and braes,' 'Camye l.y Athol ' and a fe»- recitationB. including t he amnsing *' Bitlle of Lhe £ilair He&d; V In coquettish, &aucy;, or humourouB selections, mast U-iy-reciters acquit them selves better than in tragic or even pathetic. And yet hoir they ding to the litter ! Even at a UF'eddiug, a host hardly ventures to aek an amateur elocutionist, to ''favour the com pany,' for fear the joy of the guests -hall be turned into mourning, by the recital of the ' Maniac's Ghost,' or the bride r-rduced to tears, as the result of that SQufflesome kill joy 'Oh to ? ie on my mother's grav« ' ^ith ('hopin'tj Funeral March as a piano obbligMto. Apart f.om the question of suitability of su'tje-ct, it's remarkable that girls, who arc really entertaining, as long at? they £p-*ak iu a cheerful vein, promptly at«-p across the narrow boundary betwu n tke enb lime and the ridiculous, when they essay to render tin.- darker pissioDs. Perhaps, it's better M. If tlieir anditon uept aitb them whenever tbey wept, instead of smiling a» generally happens, no one would ever venture to attend an '»t home' or afternoon tea without half-a-dozen spare pocket hanoker chiefa. As it u iho Monday afternoon con sumption of tea and cake does not decrease, though the salon is avowedly the happy banting ground of the gruesome reciter. On' day I remember, a dark tragicloofang youth gave os Owen Meredith's ?? Portratt.' The elocutionist was one of the chosen, apparently ; but his accent waa ultra English, and each vowel was pinched until xt didn't sound like itself at all. The orator ramped and tote passion to tatters in his aceouut of the two rivals fighting over the dead woman to know whose portrait she sal! wore on her chilly breast. After the final bellow of 'Oh God I 'twas the Raphael faced yonng priest who shraved (shrived) her when she daed (died),' he gave place to a frolicsome maiden, who skipped on and un burdened herself of a most blood-curdling screed about a man, who murdered his brother and kept his corpse in a chest. I am, &c;, Vera. SL EDda, Melbourne, 23rd June, 1896. 