The Ghost. The callous, unprincipalled knave who delight to masquerade in costumes calcu- lated for frighten, if only for the moment even the strongest-nerved and stoutest- hearted, continues his pranks, but not always with the success he would wish. He is an arrant coward, and dare not stand his ground when challenged, and if by mischance he should receive the con- tents of one or more guns or revolvers he will have only himself to blame. If the imbecile individual has any respect for his carcase he will take his depar- ture from Hobart and abandon his tricks, which are neither serviceable to other people, but on the contrary, have been productive of danger to life and the cause of serious illness. This morn- ing, shortly before 4 o'clock, as Mr. William Kerr was proceeding, as is his wont, to look after his horses, he was for the moment considerably started by seeing a tall white figure like a large cross standing in Warwick street, as if to bar his further progress. For the nonce Mr Kerr was surprised, but having a firm belief in the non existence of ghosts, he determined to throw a stone at the miscreant, he felt sure that it was a man. Failing to find one he took out his knife, and saying, "Come man, or come devil, I am not afraid of you," he ad- vanced with his open knife. As Mr. Kerr did so the vagabond took to his heels down the lane which leads to Mr. ???'s unoccupied land, from which he could easily make his escape, either into Elizabeth or Murray street. Mr. Kerr not being so fleet of foot was unable to catch him, but he distinctly heard the light steps of the man making his way from his would-be capture. It is a matter for deep regret that Mr Kerr is not a younger man and that i.’iti i fT v Jio ha >m -hp tn rr.uik L rni. 1 R b’w man will but follow tlm gal|ntj ' ihmpie ilio rnpn of Ins gli.-stsi.ip wi 1 *•0 .11) lie r-u’ short The scoundrel was on this occasion dressed wholly in white from head to foot, is apparently of very ... build, and a little over ... in height. 