Woman's Face. CHAPTER XXVII. As soon as the curtain between the two rooms fell behind his host's retiring fig ure, Armathwaite seemed to become a dif ferent man. Looking at iris watch he discovered that it was seventeen minutes past ten ; and springing up lightly in a state of high excitement, which there was no longer any need to conceal, he turned up the lamp and paced the room from end to end with a soft tread, his ears on the alert for any sound. When he came close to the outer door, or to the curtain which hung in the doorway of the inner room, he would stop and listen ; and as, at last, peeping behind the curtain, he saw Lord Kildonan lying with closed eyes, lie step ped softly in and blew oift the two can dles that were burning on the table at the foot of the sofa. But the elder man was not asleep; he opened his eyes and said : " What's that ?" " That light tries your eyes, Lord Ivildo nau." " Oh, very well," he answered docilely. And the doctor retreated into the next, room. It was now twenty-five minutes past ten. Paint night-noises, unnoticed by day, but rendered startling in the silence of tho dark hours, assailed the listening ear ou all sdes. Tho chirp of a cricket, the cracking of woodwork, the scurrying of mioe, each of these sounds came with almost deafening distinctness to Armathwaite as he stood by the door, hearing his own breath and feeling interested in it, as if it had been that of a patient. At last in the distance ha heard something whioh no nearer sound could stifle. The creak of a board under a liuman tread, followed presently by soft slow footfalls along the uncarpeted gallery outside. He drew back from the door. In tbe bare room there wore neither curtains nor screens behind which he could retreat. On tho other hand the lamp, with its green shade, cast only a small circle of bright light on the table, and a still smaller one on the ceiling abovo. He withdrew into the darkest corner of the room and waited, standing upright and as still as a statue. The door-handle rattled and turned, and the door itself was pushed open so slowly that Armathwaite had to battle with an im pulse to take three strides forward, pull it towards him, and look rouud it at the in truder. At last a figure appeared, looking hardly more solid than a shadow in the gloom and that filled every corner of the apartment beyond the littlo ring of the lamp's light-a woman's figure, moving slowly and lightly over the floor towards the inner room. Armathwaite remained mo tionless until she had drawn the curtain aside on its rings and passed through ; then he stepped from his corner to the other side of the room. As he did so he saw in the gloom the lady bend down over tho head of the sofa and kiss tbe forehead of the recumbent mai. " Good night, my darling," ho heard Lord Kildonan murmur. And then follow ed a soft woman's whisper : " Good night." A moment la'er the curtain moved again, and a lady returned, passing close by where he stood without turning her head. Sho Grossed tbe room, opened the door, and it was not until her footsteps bud died away that Armathwaite began to breathe natur ally agaiu. He was still standing with his face turned in the direction of the closed door when he was startled to hear Lord Kildonan's voioe behind him. The doctor confronted the elder man with an expres sion of deep, unmistakable alarm. " Why, what ails ye ?" asked the old Scotchman, and coming closer he peored into the young man's face. " Yo look as soared as a luas, and you're faoe is wet, and jkrnr hands are cold, and altogether ye look as if ye'd seen a ghost. Did ye fall asleep, maybe, and tak' my wife for a ghost ?" " No, indeed, I did not! I was afraid finding me here might frighten her lady ship, that was all," answered Armathwaite, ?with a smile -which was rather forced, though be was much relieved, "You had better not go out into the draughty passa ges now. Lord Kildonan," he continued, as the elder man made his way to the door, " If you want to send a message to her ladyship, let me take it." . Lord Kildonan lookod rather surprised, bat he turned back.again, rubbing his eyes and yawning as he shook his head. "No, no; I've nothing to say to her that won't keep till to-morrow, and to- night ' I'm eo sleepy myself I'm fearing I shall na keep awake much longer-if, indeed, I'm quite awake noo," he said dreamily, as he sat down in his large chair at the table, and rested his head on his hand. " There was something so sweet in the touch of her lips on my face to-qight, something so tender, so gentle," he murmured aloud-but to hinraelf-not to the doctor-" that I thocht maybe she felt louder to me, and began to feel " After a pause, he tossed his head up suddenly, and passed his hands over his head. " Ah, I'm an old fule, and it's all the whisky, na doot 1 But, young man, I' wish ye wore here to mix ray whisky every night, for ye've given me the sweetest dream I've had for months past, though it did but last a minute 1" Armathwaite shivered as he took the hand Lord Kildonan held out to him, gent ly helped him rise, and led him to his bedroom door. Then the doctor disposed himself for a little rest on the sofa, but not. to sleep. Sometimes in his host's little suite of rooms, sometimes softly paoing the galleries and corridors of the big house, he kept watch until the morning. Standing like a sentinel under the great armour trophies in tbe hall, upon which a floating oil-lamp cast, through the hours of the night, a faint and murky light; mounting the staircase in the shadow of ponderous and doubtful old mas ters ; creeping, with the soft steps of a cat, along the carpeted corridors of the upper floor; and fiually gazing with straining eyes,as the strugglingmorning began to dawu, through a small window which commanded a view to the stoop hill and the entrance to tlie private pathway ; Armathwaite passed a night so fraught with excitement, with dnubt aud fear, with anger and yearning pitv, that when the morning broke fully, and fuund him lying in an uneasy sleep on tin? little sofn, old Lord Kildonan, trotting in to look at hitn and fiuil out- how he had slept, was shocked at his appimrauco. " Bless rue!" ho murmured to himself, as without disturbing Frank ho crept back ftgaiu with uug.tingly cautious steps. " That yonng mau works too hard at his profession, or olsa he has not so clear a conscience as I should ha*e thought. In the morning light he looks as old as I do inysolf, though I'm bound to say ho doesn't look as ugly." But he could not know that he was see ing the offcct of his own wrongs on another man's face. It was with a start and a confused sense of having been in somo frightful danger that Frank Armathwaito woke and stared about hnn on tin morning after his oxeit iug vigil. Very little of the morning light came through the green blind that hung before tho window; he bad to gropo his way across tho room to distinguish the hands on his watch. He had scarcely stirred when Lord Kildonan, in his dress ing-gown, came in from the study with a disturbed face. Armathwaito just discov ered that it was twenty minutes to eight. " You've had a baJ oiglit, I'm afraid," said the old Scotchman in rather a hard voice. Tho doctor felt it was needless to pretend that his rest had been as uudistnrbed on a hard little sofa as it would have beon in bed. So ho only said ho had had plenty of worso ones. He wns wide awake by thts time, for there was something in hia host's mauner which roused his curiosity and his apprehensions. He was not kept long in suspense ; for in asking Lord Kildonan how ha felt, he received the following answer: " I feel very well in my body, and very ill in my mind, Dr. Armathwaito, and I'm not sure that I don't attribute both those circumstances to you, and I'm still less sure that I'm grateful to ye for either of them." " Surely to be well in body is a gain, at all events, your lordship," suggested Frank, very deferentially. "I'm naq so sure of that, I'm nae so sure of that. It all depends upon what it costs, and when a Ivaven for the body is gained at the expense of a hell for the mind, why then your physic ia too dearly paid for." " Tell mo what you mean, Lord Kildo nan. (xt've me a chauoe of redeeming my character as a physician." " I can't toll you what I mean; I hardly kuow myself. But I thinkyou must have dectored that whisky wi' something to make a man's thoughts run wild, for the ideas that havo passed through ray head this night might well have made a £ano mau think be was going daft. And then this morning 1 wake up and find I did not go as usual to my wife's room last night just to knock at her door and bid her good night." " To knock at her door!" repeated Arma thwaito, as if to himself. Lord Kildonan looked at liim over bi3 spectacles. " I always try the door ; if it is locked she is awake and I call out good night,and she calls back. If it is unlocked she is in bed and I open the door and look in. Then I am satisfied she is all ri:;ht. But I was telling you about this morning. I want just now to her room ; but she wns not there ; it is early for her to be up. I am full of all sorts of fears about her. Har manner has been different lately; sue seems dissatisfied and restless. She is never bappy indoors, I don't, like tho.thought of her wandering about out of doors at this early hour ; it is not safe, it is not right for a lady to do so. The country people would think her mad." " But why think she was out of doors ?" said Armathwaite, in a clear, reassuring voice. " Is it not more lihely that she had ran into her boudoir to fetch a novel ?" " No, it is not so, unfortunately. I was so uneasy that I took a bold step, and open ed the wardrobe where her shawls hang. Now every trifle which coucerns my wife is of so much importance in my eyes that I could make a catalogue from memory of everything she has ever worn in my pres ence. I missed a shawl-a cloak I think she calls it-with fur inside. I am much disturbed about it. In the country the slightest eccentricity is thought so much of." Frank could not feel sure whether these remarks were all as ingenaons as they ap peared, or whether the old Scotchman was trying to penetrate into the depths of his thoughts. He made cautious answers to the questions put to him concerning Lady Kildonan's health and spirits, and tried to divert his host's thoughts to his studies. These, however, had this morning lost their fascination. After an unpleasant interview of a little more than half-an*hour, during which tho conversation straggled ou, while over both speakers there seemed to haug a dread of something to come, Lord Kildonan rose hastily from his chair, and, with a muttered apology, left the room. He re turned in tan minutes with an sxpression of face in which bewilderment and doubt perceptibly struggled. " Well, Lord Kildonan, I think I was right," said Armathwaite, with a shrewd guess at the cause of his companion's mys tification. " You found her ladyship safe iu bed, did you not, reading a novel." " She was safe in bed certainly-asleep, I think, but she had been oot and - aboot, Dr, Armathwaite, as 1 told ye ; for there was her dress lying on a chair that had been empty when I first went in. Ah, well, I've nae doot we shall have an explan ation presently,'' said the old Sootcnman, who had relapsed into a broad, North-coun try accent as he grew excited. " The ser vants are about before this, and I ken ye're dying for your tub." He rang the bell, and Armathwaite, con ducted by a servant to a large ash- panelled bedroom with a wide view from the windows of lawn and lake, saw no more of his host till midday. But in the meantime he had a little self- appointed task to perform. Af ! ter a tete-a-tete breakfast in a huge room with the useful and inoffensive Aunt Ther esa, there being no other guests in the house, he made his way to the study again, and found that his host was still in his bed room. Frank went straight to the cellaret, and had his hand on it when he heard a faint noise of light and hurried footsteps iu the gallery. He paused, and made no sound as the footsteps came near, and there was a very soft tap at the door. Tho next moment Lady Kildonan entered, and utter ed a smothered cry at sight of him. He on his side was startled by hor appearance. Her face WAS pale, her eyes wnro heavy ; her golden liair, rough and disordered, hung down untidily about her cava. A loose light wrappor was foldod round lior, and held in place by ono of her white arms, whilo her feet were baro but for the slippers into which they had been hastily thrust. Sho staggered back a step like a person rousod sudilonly from sleep, whoso souses nro not yet quite clear : then her heavy eyes trav elled to the decantor ou which Armath waito's hand still rested, and her face chang ed ; the stupor tbnt oppressed her faculties broke up, a look of fear passed over her fea tures, and gave place immediately to one of stubborn recklessness. " Yon are an early visitor, Dr. Ariuath waito, she said coolly. " I did not expect to find anyone in my husband's room at this hour." " I bavo spent the night here, your lady ship. Do yon not remember seeing me when you came to wish your husband good night ?" Bite was atandiug in front of him, ercct as an empress, lior commanding figure en abling lior to appear dignified in spite of her negligent attire. As Frank put this question to her distinctly and with studied emphasis, looking attentively at her all the time with exasperatingly calm blue eyes, he saw a doubt and then a flash of devilry in her handsome face. " I saw you last night, certainly, when yon appeared to be trying to hide from me. But I had heard nothing of your intention to instal yourself here, and therefore I ro peat that I was surprised to find you still here this morning." Frank said nothing. Strong as his sus picions-nay, more, his convictions-were concerning this lady's conduct, her ready wit and her daring struck him absolutely dumb with admiration. She waved her hand in the direction of the portiere with curt peremptoriness. " I see you are chamborlain here. Bo kind enough to <isk whether my husband can see mo," A woman who cau keep her head haa much the advantage of a man in an encoun ter of this kind. His manliness calls out to him to put ou at least the appearance of mercy. Frank, who had come as near to hatiug this woman as her supberb beauty allowed him to do, felt both admiration and pity for her ns ho watched the splendid front she was putting on this dangerous affair. He raised the curtain, went through into the ante-chamber, aud knocked at the bed-room door. Before he could receive an answer, however, he heard the sound of one of the study windows being thrown open. Lord Kildonan came out, having heard his wife's voice, and Armathwaite followed him back to the study. Lady Kildonan, with the magic art of a handsome woman who knows the value of her beanty and has spared no pains on its education, had al ready by a few deft touches restored an ap pearance of gracefully mitigated disorder to her hair aud dross, and ivas loaning bark in her husband's arm-chair in an attitude of repose. Frank had no eyes for her; lie looked ar. the oellerat. It was opon, as he had left it. Tho whisky decanter contain ing the spirit which ho had rejected la.-d night was a little out of place, and was now empty. Then ho glanced at the window, met hor eyes, fixed upon him with an ex pression half fntivo, halt defiant, nnd smil ed. Rather takon aback by this, Lady Kil donan stopped short for nil instant in somo thing she was saying to hor husband, and regained the thread of her remarks with nil effort. She was telling him, in nnswor to his quoBtions that slid had had n restless night, nnd had been down in tlio morning-room hunting for a book she had left tlieco when ho look ed into her room. " Ah, Lord Kildonan, that is just what I suggested to you," snid Fraulc. She shot him an inquiring aud rather venomous look ns sho wont on : " I feel so utterly tired out now that I shall sleep for tho rest of the morning. I came in just to ask you not to come or send to disturb me, Archibald." She rose ns sho spoke, nnd turned.to Frank iu a prond and defiant manner. " I suppose I shall see you at luncheon, Dr. Armathwaito ?" " No, your ladyship : I nm on the point of starling on my visits to my patients." "Indeed, then I will see you off myself." And sho moved towards tho door. "Dr. Armnthwaite is iu no hurry, Aphrn, said Lord Kildonan, who was still unusually grave. " Neither am I," said sho, wilh deep and deferential mock-sweetness, as she leaned languidly against (ho door with her fingers on tho handle, while thero burned in her eyes tho determination not to leavo tho doc tor for ono moment alone with hor husband. Her mind on this subject was so clearly made up that Frank saw that evon if he had earnestly wished for another tete-a teto with Lord Kildonan, it was out of the ques tion now. So he shook hands with his host, who lookod him straight in the eyes with a peculiar confidence and kindness, and was forced by the lady to precede hor out of the room. TO BE CONTINUED. 