SHORT STOmr the wrong ghost. honosty ia the best polioy— and that is (he moral of my tale. On® fatal day, about a month ago. I re vived a letter from Unole James. T nave— or rather I had— expectations from tJnole Jame*,and always answered his letters by sieit rti&il;, if I did not Wife, eo 1 opened it without delay. ' Aty dear Nephew,* it r&n;% * As you wfll i new nt comtortaDiy settled in your new home iu Or£T«n, 1 intend paying- you a short visit. I will come on Osoember i»t. if the date suits yon, and most leave before Xmts. I know yon will have followed tyo advloo I gav», thai ou no acooant should you take a house that was not haunted, and f am looking for ward with great pleamre to inking Che ac- qunintnnco of the ghost of iforton Towers.1 Tho letter dropped from my hand in dis may, for I hart oomplstsjy forgotten my uuclc's wish when I bOdght the plaoe, and, to tho beet off my knoffledtfe, there was not such a thing as a ghost on the premises. I put on my hat and went round to the back to interview Anthony 011 the subject. He had lived at the Towers all his life, and if I here was a ghost he would know of it. * Anthony/ eaid I, ' is there a ghost about the place?' ' A vhat?* satd Anthony, stopping In his wood chopping. * A ghost. Ton know what a ghost is F Anthony scratched his head. 1 Noa,' he replied, after some cogitation ; ' 1 nivver heard of a ghost. Folks reckon thear was wnnce a white doe at Bylstone. I. nivver seed it mysen, bnt that's t'naareat approach to a goast I'se iwer heard tell on.' That settled the matter. There was no ghost. I passed the remainder of the day in a very unenviable state of mind ; and for tho first time in my life I delayed replying to Uncle James. It would be folly to let him ' come, and find the place without a ghost, for that would show how ver y little I re« i 6pected his wishes. Yet, what elm oould I | do? There seemed absolutely no way oat of the difficulty bat to make & glean breast of it. However, after dinner, I determined to pat a bold face ou things, so t sat down and wrote to Uncle Jam^s. I told him 1 should be delighted to see him oft the date named, but I regretted I had no ghost to offer him. I said I had not forgotten his wishes on the subject, bnt that the former owner could not be induced to part with the ancestral spectre, except on terms so exorbitant that I frit my means did not justify my agreeing to them ; and, remembering hid caution about un necessary extravagance, 1 fglt surf he would applaud my scruples. Having perpetrated that pious fraud* I turned round to read the newspaper. That was probably th6 most unluoky act of my life. Had I sent the letter to Mm he would ftxm have got over hie disappoint ment, and all would have been well; but as it is — well, it's no good repining. I turn--d over the paper negligently, and as I did bo, eome demon di ill luck dlreoted my attention to a particular paragraph : ' We have inspected Messrs. Psyche & Go's elo. kof Christmas ftftfelties,' it ran,| 4 and mutst again congratulate this old es tablished firm on their Enterprise. They have bid in a remarkably fin«* stock of ghost* for the winter season, and we believe that intending purchasers Will be able to gratify (heir varied tastes at Exceedingly low figure*. They are particularly strong in eighteenth century remnants, while their eastern importations leavd nothing to be de arid.' I rubbed my eyes in amazement. I did not know that there were (hat dealt in ghosts. Bat here it was -in blaok and. ; \- matter, and I tore up my iet&ef; TjO ttfide James. If he Wanted a ghoat he should have one; and I W0til£ make imhiftdlate ar rangements for the importation of eighteenth oenturv, eastern, or other pro^ttOfc. I consulted BradshaW, ahd fbnnd 1 could still catch the night mail at Skipton { and. the next morning X awoke in London. At breakfast I looked ftp fstohe & Co. in the directory and shoald not have been very ' moch astonished to find no mention made of such a firm. Bat -there it tru, at 76, Archipelago Street, Soho. t hurried over j my meal, and by ten o'clock I was in | Archipelago Street, lotting for number ' seventy-six. I fdtuld It vtithout dif&ftultr.; It was a small-fronted, dingy-looking estan*, lishment, half hidden in * comer, and Over the door was : ( Psj cbe & Co. , Ghost and Spectre Purveyors.' I on'eved, and a dapper little Greek, whom I took to be the proprietor, asked in cheerful accents what he oould do for me. * X want a ghost,' 1 said boldly. * Certainly, sir,' he replied. ' Hue-it oar new catalogue of would yon prefer to inspect our stock T 4 Yes, I think that would be the best/ I aaid, 'as this is my first transaction.' He led the way -?own a narrow passage. and opened the door'at the encL - It was a weird sight, a&d; I felt glad that Hr. Psyche WftS With me. ftenomwas lighted by gas, and it was ftdl t-f a strange xnedlep of phantoms. There must have \- been fifty of them, , woman A&d; men. of all agee and all periods ; and yon Ootid eee the wall at the otner end, right through the lot of them. For a moment 1 felt inclined to retire; but a reasffirfng voioe taidi 4 It's all rlgb*-- dr» They AW perfectly harmless. We only take absolutely cafe specimens. Well, ay lifted, aAdiWng the shade of a be-staoed afkd be-ipangied arieto-j oratof the Georgian tea, 'how are you to day P ? * Passably well, 4zieod JiyiAe,' came his reply in a hollow, far away voioe, 'though I've known more comfortable quarters in my time, and more jovial oottipaaions/ Than he turned to niewlfira bow. ' Am i anything Jo yonr way, air# I shall & bare been ddfgtit$S Jb ttiage him hid hU period suited; bttt to wu too modem for my ^^^th anoflierpollt* b«r h* 'Shall *» wtfUc ^MoghP ukai Hr; Fajche. tf yon »ee *JiythlIig likely to mit, . pl«ua coiiil ? Oat.' r ?. So we walked ftroagi them. It . mMsannr «ennUMi,.blu4U'«M-B gotnjedto . It, «nd In * (»» -nhiuto« X «onld «top throogh K dacheM wtth at UW» ooupmotiai u U mi ? Jmdbcon a metefo*. ,:????? They were » dngidtr «wrtnM| Hi there wte no nnneo«»»wy pride Bboot tke«a. A (might in artndm -Of the Oonqnerer'a tima wupUyin«KM cith tbe-d1»furin tWahttoaj nnaommoBlr like Ha toy tks Kigttk ' wu in«anwst oonVemtion witb t Salntion , Annr rnptain. ? ' : ' Ton b&Te; ? way wisd ooUaodsn, Mr. , P«rcbe,* oaid I. when ma had. ceaohad the i other eod of the roooi. ' j| , 'Tee, air; 1 fettar n^elf no one CM . igujh at fat that recpeot. 'At tta aaomeat, \- oaratack- faltiwwilian imato we«t, M wt '«Ieated«iA s lugaqakBtit/' of Continental . «na inas»n sMtefeJuft wadt tonoblanwo ; Swi the higher -to*T ** wiftttrjftattTia««. ! he wUHbe brin«ltla fc»a!t.*Hh hbn*itiie =«^»^o»»p«ioae«^jth»»»oi«nt %na« {daowfer.^g* toa jOw aaattrA -HfO-ydinal^ «d .h -pnA ?-« « iopwiaf -? ,WMI -«? \- i.-vi -J^hv.h | | and raffle, standing by himself before the fire reading a newspaper, attr&oted; my at* tention. 'Thai's my man,' said I. 4 Ko, 432/ said Mr. Psyche, referring to catalogue. 'Lord Herbert Tumbril, temp. James t.; executed for high .treason. Ftic* 6lxty*eight pounds, fifteen and six. For hire, one guinea per nootem. May I hook the order ? 1 Certainly. Here is my oard. I wish him to be at this address on the night of December 1st, and I will take him for a month.' 4 He shall be there, sir. You can arrange ail details with him when he arrives, ana 1 hope it may result in a permanent engage ment. Do you want him to bring a chain 4 For what purpose P 4 For olanmug. Most of oar customers ( desire it.' 'By all meant let htm bring a chain, ' I replied, 4 and any other accessories you think fit. I want him to do the thing thoroughly/ I left a payment on account with Mr. Psyche, ana returned to my hofael with a light h&art.; That evenliig 1 wrote to Unole James: — 1 My dear Unola,— Your letter has been forwarded to me in London, where I am for the purpose of inspecting the recent additions to the British Museum. I shall *be delighted to sea you on the first, and have no doubt you will be charmed with the ghost. I had some difficulty in getting him inoluded in the purchase ; but, of oourse, remembering your wish, I&ould; not have thought of tak I ing the plaoe without him. | 4 Your affectionate nephew, Bob.' December the first came round, and with i : it Uncle James. He was in high spirits, and had evidently come to enjoy himself, for he asked after the ghost before he had taken off : his top-coat. - j 4 1 nope he' 8 not modern. Bob/ said he. ' 4 If there s anything I detest, it is a Victorian shade. It takes a hundred years at least fco I give a ghost his full flavour/ | 4 No, indeed, Uncle James/ I replied, ds- { lighted with my forethought. * My ghost is pure Elizabethan. He is Francis Norton, the last of the male stook, who came to grief in the rebellion of 1669. You can read all about him In Wordsworth's poem. * The White Doe of Bylstone.' ' Uncle James rubbed his hands with glee. 4 Bravo. Bob} You're in luck. What does hedo?* 4 Ob, ho -or he walks about, you know olaaking his chain/ 4 His chain p' siid Uncle James dubiously. 4 What does he want a chain for P' 4 I'm sore I don't know. I thought all ghosts had chains.' 4 You are mistaken, Nephew Bob,* he said sternly. 4 1 never oame across One with a chain. It's only the ghosts of silly fiction who have them.' 4 Well, this one has a a chain, at any rate/ I stupidly remarked. ' I'm sorry to hear it,' said Uncle James; and he did not again refer to the ghost for 1 eome time* Things brightened up, however, after ; dinner, and Unole James grew quite enthusi astic over the Towers. He was delighted with the bouse, and ita situation among the heather-olad hills of Craven was quite in ac cordance with Ms romantio tastes; * You have a charming place, Bob,' said he, over the port, 4 and you've got a high-class ghost into the bargain, though I must admit I wished he badn t a ohain. However,' he added cheerfully, 4 if he has one, it will be for some good reason, and I shall have to find out what that is. What time does he appear T ' Psyche promised him for nine, prompt,* I answered inadvertently. 1 Eh -f ' said Unole James. 4 What did you Bayf*) 4 Precisely at nine, prompt/ I had the presenoe of mind to repty. Uncle James glanced at me doubtf ally. 4 1 thought yon said something else, Bob. , Well* yours enema remarkably 1 bitterly regretted my unfortunate slip. : It was absolutely necessary I should see the ebofft directly be arrived ehd post him up in his dotiee, and yet if I left Uncle James at : this particular moment I might arouse sua* ' piclons. I was deliberating wh&t; to do, : when &e; door wu opened abruptly, and old ; Dempster rushed m. Hisfaoe was white as chalk, and he was trembling all over. t 4 Well, what's the matter Dempster f* I enquired with eome foreboding. Dempster tried to speak, bnt only in coherent ejaculations burst from him. At last he raised a trembling hand and pointed i to the^loor. i * ft1* aft me ball a Unole James/ 1 Said, rising ; 1 1 must just eee what ia the ; matter.' I walked into the hell, and there I eaw a sight that chilled my very bones. . .At the bottom of the stairs was a ghost, but not the one I expected in hose and doublet. This one wee the ghost of a mndAra postman in his uniform. In one .hand he grasped a heavy ohain, in the other he held nis cap and letter. He glided up tome when I appeared, and. held out the letter. Just as I took it I heard a noiae behind me, so I hastily pat it in my pocket. 4 Well, rm blest I exclaimed an aston ished voice. The postman slowly vanished. I turned roond and faced Uncle James. 4 You eeem to ran two ghosts, Nephew, Bob/ said he drily. ; 1 Er — yee — I do/ I etamnuired ; 'this is a Christmas extra/. , ' Oh, is it f WelL you might let me have, a look at the Christinas card he brought,1 anyway/ 'I can't, Uncle.. Indeed I can't; ifs .private, or I would,' I eaid in desperation. ? Uncle James Justed on bis nods, and walked upstairs to bla bedroom with great deliberation. .Considerably upset, I returned to the! dining room. I opened the letter with many forebodings, and I found they -were more than realised, for thiais what lread t— 4 Dear Sir, — It with; tiie greatest regret we have to inform yon we cannot execute your ewteemed order. . Lord Tumbril left us a weeik ago to fnlfil a two days', engagement at e csttle, show In the Antipodes, and baa not 1 been ' beard of tince. We are com-, pletely rah on* ot itock with orders, and the only *ubst$tate we ean epnd is the bearer, Bobsrt Smithecs, la general 'pbstxnan, who lost ins fife in trying to rescue the registered ' letters ofths Ijondon £n£ Brighton mail last July. We brieve you will find him atten tive to his duties and vesy wishful to oblige. — X6 uis obediently* 'PBzohs&Co;/ . Vy beait aank as I read theee fateful words. If the letter had only reached me «w I oould. have prepared Unole (SuPM&iiS; £Unbetluin gentleman j and sow tOl Xhad to dffer (U .Utter-day postman. I aatfor Boat Hoe amlng my Ul-lttcfe and hoping th* ghoat -yt the -too oouaiailiona pnrtm.n mxud naUMar, so that I oonld me kiok tun -mt til the tdsce ^ hot he did notdo ao, aud i want to baa. Batldonld not eleep. I |ilt 'I had bon Vled the whtde matter, a»td It inaobTitnuI annoyed TJmle Janiee on hifl mo^t tendfiT Wnt. U waa llkdy tobe» Teiy «ari6tia matter for me. . Altar h#rfng*Wt wearHy . !li coidd hot have been inore than haif an has batowI-fraa eBeohud^ aronl^ hy . Ofd oUnnaz. , I oiald dig&nnilah; vtAatf tstti i, yhit * dght tnifi'mj . 5 ; I iutv- ii. 3 r-* ?i.-svvi t/i'i t: b', i ghosts in heated argument—the postman and Lord Tumbril. ' Grodzookn, su'rah,' said the former, 4 T say the gentleman desired my presenoe. I heard him tell Master Psyche. 4 You coufounded spindle-shanks,' retorted the postman, 1 Sikey told me to oome. He said yon were making a beast of yourself at a cattle show/ 4 Insolent varletl' cried Iiord Tumbril, drawing his rapier, 4 you shall swallow yoor sourrilous words.' 4 Come on then I' shouted the postman, brandishing Mb chain, 4 and I'll swalier yon as well. 1 know you bloomin* harUtoormts. Many^s the letter I've oarzied fo? the likes of you — and they were lnwariably underpaid. Come on, old toasting-fork.' How the quarrel would have ended, good ness anly knows. I was simply too petrified to move; but at this moment tie doer nearest them opened, and tfoefe James appeared. The ghosts stopped short suddenly, oommenoed to fadeaway; bnt before they were completely gone T?nde Jaises made a mysterious sign, and, as 1. live,' those wretched phantoms came baok*, and then fol lowed him into his room. There was no more sleep for me. Unole J ames knew the w*ys of ghosts thoroughly, and he guessed he would worm out of those fatuous spirits the whole partionlars of my arrangement with Psyohe. 1 did of interrupting the interview and ordering them to leave the house, but I felt the attempt would be uieless and I should only be made to appear utterly foolish. Unole James came down the next morning very cold and irresponsive. He had a time „table in his hand, and he ostentatiously con- ' Bulted it under my nose. 4 Are yon going anywhere, Unole James F I faintly asked. 4 Yee, sir, I am going home by the next train/ 4 But you eaid yon would stay till Christ I mas,' I protested. I 4 That is so, Nephew. Bob/ be replied; ! 4 but I did not thai know yon would hire a commercial artiole to clank a chain outside ! my bedroom door. No/ he went on, 4 it's no good your saving anything. Tumbril St : Smitners have told me all ) anal've paoked them off to London with a gratuity, aa 1 presumed yoa would not requira At sir sertiM6 after my departure. You have behaved dis gracefully in trying to deoeive mft, and I wash my hands of you from this day lorfb/ And that is how Unole Jamss left my house. I have reoelred private information that he has entered hi* will ; but whether he has left his money to fimithers, or tumbril* or Psyche, I don't know— indeed, I don't care.— Henbt A. Hzbbdtg. 