KOIFY ARD TiB. OINO. Picture a long, rolling sea, and a low, stormy sky; light up the westward with a balefui ,"-w as if a furnace door. leagues wide, were flung open; switch across a thin band of black purple where the lurid clouds join the sea ; cover all the water with a sheet of rush ing spray like steam: then imagine :a hot. ronhring wind, driving a tumbled old ship along with a snow-white bed of foam ever rolling from the bows: and you have the Ariadne, with Monte Yi deo for the purple streak astern, and the hot "pampero" blowing. The ship was the last afloat or in a: wreckelrs yard to take to herself such l name. She was a rusty, paint-begrudgid old barque; hog-backed; too. Her sails were ill-fitting, and patched in every seam; at present she did not show much or them. Her inky-black spurs were nearly stripped. She rolled and plunged creaked and groaned. while the crewc snugged lier downl for the gale. T'ley mnitched tlhe ship. The mien in the waist had stopped with the ropes half coiled on the pins. Some thing had happened. They were staring aft at the ship's officers. and they il their turn were staring over the eml tain's shoulders into the cabin. A little mite of a girl. not more than four years ohl. sal on the locker under the sky light. aind soberly gazed back at tile heads in the doorway. She had a bright blue cloak round her.and a vivid yellow handkerchief over her curls and -tied un der her chin. It was like the setting of a bunch of flowers.in a marine store. Now. this ship of all ships was bran ded "tramp.' from her copperless keel to her pailitlecs truck. Since daybreak all hands had been trimming the ship to run. and here was breakfasttime.nnd the ship snugged down--and a passenger i Never before had one crossed her deck or stowed a trunk in her cabin. And here was one below, and that one. of all people. a helpless child! "Where did you come from ? Who lbrlought you here?"gasped tlhe old man, at the little. yellow-decked head. ".Tunie tooked me. an' I'm Belle Steve. d' injineer's nino," said the little one. with confidence. The old man rubbed his nose and mop ped his hot face. "Well!" turning to his officers. "this is a bare pole-sarcher. No body know? Here, Komfy. smart, you limb of the dark." "Ise coming. sah," and the black cook hurried from the galley. "Who's this?" "Lady passenger, sah!" " Can't I see ? But who in thunder brought her on board ?" "Lady br'o her at daybreak. Said us take mos' big care of her. So promised, sah." "You addle-headed nigger. Why didn't you tell her we arn't a passenger boat? Why didn't you fetch me?" "'Scuse me. sah; you mighty busy in de dark. an' de lady said all her bag gage in your cabin 'waiting her ma.' " "Utter nonsense. Nobody brought any. It's a put-up - Lord. I see it all!" turning to the mates. " Some silly womuan has mistaken us for the Europa, and here we are bowling out to sea and not a ghost of a chance to put back. Wlhew! Let's think it out." The court of inquiry adjourned to tihe deck. and the nigger passed in. The captain scowled at the spreading fire-colored vapirs rolling up asiern. Then lie cast a sour glance at the trail illn? foini ill his wake. i e -wagged his bead glumly. "GVluess rwe'll !line enolgh to do to hold "our scnalps on inerire calrk. .'ler's nc;i puIn- ing bnck against that!" The officers nodded 'in unison. Te broke out again. "This is a fix! Why. she ain't any togs! Only a stand-up kit. Oh! if my old woman weren't in Bootle." HIe moved to the skylight. " Komfy, get the kid something to eat." "Dat's what dis son's doing of. sah." "And something to drink." "Yes. sah! How much water am I to put inl d' rum?" "None. you scallywag. Give it milk and water and some sugar, d'y hear?" "Maos' certain. sahi.' "And send the carpenter aft to fix a berth up for her." Tie old man swung up and down. peer ing under the eaves of his eyebrows at theever- spreading dunl glow. .s ihepaced aft. and at the straining. scant sail. as lie paced forward. At every halt he shook his head. and multered. "No help now. she's got to go." The day wore on. and it came to night. The ship was far off the land. and rac ing over hills and through white phos phorescent valleys of water. She leaped. and reeled and burst shuddering through the rolling seas. Tile "pampero" screamed and whistled through the wen ther-beaten cordage. Men splashed along the flooded decks in short runs. wlhen tile watch time canie. to relieve tle wheel; and the men from the wheel crept limp and aching to the fo'e'sle. In the cabin the little nino lay in the berth watching with wide- open eyes the black shadows from the lamp erawl to and fro on the deck above. She heard the dull thuds of the sea breaking over the stern: now and again short ru shes of heavy-booted men and the flinging down of ropes answered loud orders roared o0i deck. Ever and again wet oilskin-cover ed menl ciume in. Then the nine's eyes closed for the men came softly-though the old ship's timbers creaked a nd groan ed terribly-and gently faslened the bedding more securely in tile newi- bunk. At last the tired eyes closed in earnest. and Belle fell asleep without feaor. She lihd been born on tile Pampas. and tile town child's little trick of questioning was not hers. She had only seen im plicit obedience to her father's ord-es. And Belle had come down the noble Psi rana river a thousand miles. witli a kiss from her fathe'-. to) sail witlh iher moth'r. Surely the little nino was not afraid to be among these sailors after passiFng down the river with half savages. And the wind and plunging ' ship! What were they after the dark. trackless for- estt brooding under the noonday sun ? And the night time; when they were oni fire for leagues. and wild things howled and scrcunmed. and fought on tihe banks, anud swam round tilhe boat with gleaming eyes ? Tlhey had told her to sleep' then. 'and she had slept. "You must lie a good nino." her father said; So Belie was a good nino. The morning broke, and the ship had oitrun the "pampero." Aloft' and on the decks men were busy covering the naked spars with swelling sails. The rising sun brightened the smoke eddy ing from the galley chimney. It rose higher, and crept under the foot of the foresail. and every time the ship stoop ed her old square bows a flish of light swept into the galley. Komfy, was there resplendent in a soldier's red coat and white belt. It was Sunday morn -He was scratching his wool in deep perplexity. The fresh milk had been finished Inst night, yet the .nino must have breakfast. On the poop the cap tain and second mate tramped up mind down; .they were perplexed, too. The old. man wagged his head. "Well. McBinks. I take it that duty's duty. whether it's a woman's or a man's. Now, being no woman here, and the -duty to be done-mlnid you, none of our bringing- why;-we've gdt ' to do it; Lucky;the little' chip ain't sick." :The mate burst 'out enthusiastically: "Now, that's what-I was sthinking. This , -, £ * ? , . . . . ' .: -, ". , .''. ' , nipper's got points about her. My kids have to. be coaxed and kissed and bang ed to make 'em o to bed. Why, bless me, after we shipped that big sea I slip pDel down to see if she were all right. Not turdled a finger! Lay there a smil ing inlher sleep ! However, the duty's to be done, captain, as you say, and more so as were both married me and nippers of our own.' The two men pulled themselves to gether and gingerly entered the cabin. The skipper slipped his head out again and sent a square. forcible command to keep the ship steady. Belle was sitting up in her berth. "Please, may I get upT'?" "Bless your heart, of course, Hold on, now." They helped her out arid begau to undertake their "duty." The lead-line cask was lhalf tilled with warm wnte'. and thOy commncced to tub the child. The second mate pro duced a "levy"of handkerchiefs to act as towels. It was wonderful to see the lig knot ted. brown hands of the skipper pat. patting so gently the little. rosy back. Belle was dried. and sat on a reefer waiting orders. Tie two old men were staring at one another and then at the little liheap of clothes; T'ihey were lost in dismay. The skipper whispered-at least he meant to. but it was a good toned rumble-"Which came off last?" "Dunno," said the mate, rubbing his chin. Belle said, "Please may I put my things on " Both muen slapped one another's knees. "Nor:. there's a clipper for you!" and forthwith made a fence of their big fists round her,. for the ship was still rolling. The dtlressing difficulty was no sooner got over than another. cropped up. Komfy reported "No milk!" But this was triumphantly got over in the same way. Tlre little one could drink coffee and eat bacon. "Well." said the old man as he turned in. "things don't look so black wind ward now." Belie wellt on deck ii the cook's arms. She sihouted with delight as the seas rolled up and swept along the old trt'np's. sides. And when duty called Komfy to his galley. wasn't there the whole fo'c'sle crowd waiting to train tis nurses?-sea-nurses, that is. That afternoon the sail-mnaker enter ed the cabin as a dressmal;er. He h:ad much advice, though but little material. IIow-ever. there were some odd reno nants of mhunting lying.in the lockers. and what was lacking in style was made ulp in color. The ship steadily ploughied her casting to get the S.E. trades. As the days wenut bIy the ninoe became a centre from which all things were ruled. It was a dirty day: well. the best hands were at the wheel dogging the old square bows through the seas, as dry tis dry could be. It was a fine d'ly; good: a swing was rigged up under the boom, and the nineo swung and watched the blue seas run past and saw the clouds solemuly sailing up frtoa the horizon. But of all her new friends the negro was thIe chief. On a fine day, and work done, hlie would seat the nine on the gal ley loeker and shut the weather door. "Put on soldier." the nino would say. nod IKomfyt presently strutted in with his red coat and white belt :and saluted glorionusly. TIleu,nas the dusk fell, lie and the nine would watch tho purple de;epeniug on the sea. and hlre and thbre a trembling.stl r peep out front tlt- sky.. and watch and watch until tihe Soi1iberu Cross was glittering over hlc~d. "Tihe,_ noos .r a.lgoo'-O,'- tht ntno wsunld say. Then the nigger's yellow eyphalls shone in the firelight a:s he ee! ily wlhispered, "Whof fo' yotn call de cin' d' dragon ?" S"Dry swallow uip de stars at niight. See i dere hlie go. he's eaten half d' cross up!" The nigger wouldl rumble a big. deep "'O--oo-aye." and crmne his head round the door and whisper in thrilling confidence to one of thie watch smok ing under the galley lee: "Dis chile in heah Ober chile, an' can pillt d' blight on yo-sohl mind!" Then thie hoarse voice of tile skipper would roll along the dark deck. "Bed-time. Belle Storve's nieuo ! Lay along. IKomfy. Steady at the wheel while she comes." It 'was Komfy's part to march aft and itlnd hir to the skipper, solemnly saluhte. an111d return his coat to its box, ready for the next day. It camoc to the last day of the casting. and sorrow canme on board. The sky was full of dragons that night. and the nine was tired. In the morning lher breakfast was untouched. Komnify was deepl in woe. 'Sse made it clar an' juicy: wheo fo' you no eat him ?" But the little head was weralT. It was hot. too. and wanted to keep it down. That afternoon found Sthe-old mian and the mates sitting round the berthl. help less as children to face the trouble. The nine was delirious and talkintg fast in a stratge tongue. 'iThe medi cine chest was oplen on the floor, and exposed its shanieless arrely of empty hIoles and hialf-filled bottles. The old man turned the leaves of the mnedicine-book with his big. rough thumb. "Now. if it wa-s only yeliow-jack or cholero-see. we could just liix uip for that-is there enough in tnlitt one ' Yes." "Btut it ain't," blroke in the uaite. "It's likely one of them cussed shore fevers." He turned round antl replaced the clothes ite little, restless hands threw off. The old nuan closed the book, and silt staring nceross the c:lbin. ruefi'ully shaking his head. There came. a patter of bare feet. and Komify's big. framne loomed dark against the twilight streaming tltrough the cabini door. "Cap'n. ship way to wind'ud. lig ship. an;' mos' shunlhl of doctabh!" The old nian seized thie glasses, baut the m;ntte took them from him tind sprang tip the rigging in .big lifts. S'.\iltke sail; sir." le hIailed dIown. "SiOe's a passougecr boat, deatd true." And.he icanie surging down the rigging. Tlien.the old man's voice broke out. and the hands below tumbled .ount and leaped aloft. "More sail!! Another sweat on thie sheet forward there. Statud alng. you - hIoly-grub soffet'! Anotitr swear on thie main-tck:l Sninct now! Altogether. make your bowline screech forward there. I tell you. ILift it, lift it. That's ithe sticI. "More sail yet! She 11' stand it! Smnrt. boys. Hold on. all. Home with the sheets. Iet her lhnve it! Let her have it! She's got to go. Soh! coil tlip. ten., and get your wind." Atnd? the crowd of hot, panting men trimnmed tihe loose ends, and hung on to the belaying pins fronet hleer exhaustion. Thie old barque leant over, and lifted and burst at the seas; the foam roared in her hawse Snod over the ent heads. It swilled along the decks, and burst at tie poop break. -The night wind roared up with the dark. The reeling masts whipped at the.dragons racing up between themt and the distant ship. On and on there! -ithe far ship had vamnished in the darkness. S-4 dark rocket.flamed up from tlie -batque's ;deck--another 'Rnd yet an other: until at last -i faint streak of fire shot up on the -hodrizon, nnd burst Sinto a little cluster of falling stars. Thi1 diagons could' nbt swallow them, they were too ,ikic K:omfy chucikled is he hung in therigginigwatchIno. Onioared° the biargue thoupgh the dai-k seas: on until a shadow Beghn to grow aliealnd; and twinkling .lights h.bren. oilt: On; uintil she swept under the stein of tlihe shladowy. mass. from which coime tlie surging volleys of beating sils and: chafing gear. A hail came acioss' the black sea. . 'Wlhat d'yoio want?" "Got a doctor ?" "Aye, aye." "Stand by for our boat." Komfy was tihe first man in the tiarque's boat as it left the side. Before another ten minutes had passed. ' skilful hand was feeling the little wrist and smoothing the hot brow. while the grizzled, old skipper and his mates gathered round the little ship thatlt Inhlored so heavily in the sea of fever. ci Hope and fear, fear and hope. chased one another in the dingy chbim. Hope at last drove fear away to tile dlra?lons and the dark. wet night. "We'll tow the little ship inlto port yet. OCaptain, some hot blanlkets." "Are. anyc. Hot blankets 'tis. sir!"' And away.they rushed. nod the sparks sfwirled ip from Komf 's chimney. There was rulming of meli like powder monkeys.. with the lasnikets rolled tight and hot under their jackets. '"Captain," said the doctor. in a lull. "you've given us a terror cf a chase. We're the Europa. and Ihave this little one's mother on board. - Don't sinMal who you are tilt we get this nino stand ing into port." "Aye. aye." And througl the night tihe men sat round the doctorand. as thl litthl brlow grew mnoist and the little lhands grew quiet. thley nodded and sl:l)ped one an other's knees. Komrfy at the dlooi. seeing this. passed the news forwinid in a howl of triumph. And from the Danes. Finns. Swedes and English of the forecastle a rolling cheer went across the night to the shadowy slhipli beyond. Back in its proper time canue the answering echo. for it is the lawi of the Gothl crowd that a chleer' must be answered by a cheer. and a blow by a blow, the second one hbeing heanvier than the one received. When the sun leapt up (there was not a dragon in the slky the mother was on board the old tramp. She was knecl ing by the little berth. eulng and la:ughing by turns. and kissing the littlh brown hands. 'The two ships were heading for Saan Rochle together: the big clipper withl shortened sail to keep pace with the old sqnare-liowed tramp. Three days thus. and then the Ariadne's rigging was covered with her crew. cheering three times three to Belle as they crried her up the big ship's side. And all the time the little nine watched the red coat oan the rigging, until it was lost amidst the patched and dingy huddle of the old tramp's sails dropping astern. At sunset the clouds were packed on the horizon, and the distant lship seemed to lose its way among them and disappear. A cloud Ahigh uip took on to itself a red glow from the setting sun. The nine cried to her mother. "See. d' dragons have swallowedl all but Komfy. See. see. he's climbed up the sky to fight dem. Fight. Keomfy!" "Straud Magazine." 