LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. ADDITIONAL REVIEW OF SOME OF DR. CHALMERS' STATEMENTS. (to the editor. ) gIU( — I beg to state that Dv. Chalmers has stated that the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the [Blessed Virgin Mary is a deification of the Virgin. I reply that the doctrine is only a declaration of a special privilege given to her by the Almighty, and has no more relation to deification than it has to any proposition in the book of Euclid. A privilege oimiluv tn it- u'io orrniit.Pfi hn St1.. TnVm thfi Bantist. I am of opinion thut the Church of England believes that the 15. V. Mary is a virgin and mother at the same time. This is a great privilege which, in my opinion, required the performance of a miracle on the part of God. If Dr. Chalmers will hold that the former privilege is a deification of the Virgin, and that the latter is not to be so characterized, I fear that some will consider that he made an untrue statement deliberately in order to put the impress of idolatry on the Catholic Church. 2nd. Dr. Chalmers has stated that definitions of faith are additions to the Christian faith. I reply that they only explicitly declare what was from the beginning in the deposit of faith. We see from the Gospel, according to St. Matthew, last chapter, that Jesus ChristcommissionedHis Apostles and their successors in the ministry to teach all His revelations to all the nations of the earth, and to continue in the performance of the duties of that commission, under His own special supervision, to the end of time. This commission evidently imposed on the Apostles and their successors to the end of time the obliga tion to declare, as circumstances required it, the truth of the doctrines contained in the deposit of faith. It was in the discharge of this duty that St.. John the Evangelist declared the Divinity of Jesus Christ, which was denied by heretics in his time. It was in the discharge of this duty that the Council of Nice denned the Divinity of the Saviour when it ?was denied by heretics at the time. Afterwards Nestorius affirmed that there were two per sons in Jesus Christ. The Church, bound by the terms of her commission, declared the truth of the doctrine in the deposit of faith— viz., that in Jesus Christ there^ is only one person, viz., the person of God the Son. Subse quently questions arose regarding the number of natures and the number of wills in Jesus. The Church by virtue, and under the obligation, of her commission, settled these disputes according to the truth of the doctrine contained in the deposit of faith. If Dr. Chalmers lived in those times he would, Jit appears, protest against the definitions of faith on the ground that each definition added, ac cording to him, to the Christian faith. The Church, however, would proceed, under the terms of her commission, to teach the truth of the doctrine con tained in the deposit of faith. 3rd. Dr. Chalmers, stated that no Anglican Churchman would believe that the ipse dixit of the Pope would validate or invalidate Anglican Orders. That, no doubt, is true ; but when the Pope, with the assistance of his Council, has duly considered the question, and has declared the Orders invalid, that is a good reason for believing that they are in themselves intrinsically, in their very essence, ( in- valid. This reminds me of a late cablegram from England to the effect that the late Protestant Arch bishop of Canterbury, Dr. Benson, stated that _ the form of episcopal consecration in the Anglican Church is identical with the form of consecration in the Catholic Church. I beg to say that the state ment of the Archbishop is very disingenuous and misleading. It is true that the form of consecration in both Churches has been substantially identical in words since the year 16G2, but the intention is different ; for it is evident from the teaching and practice of the Anglican Church that the intention of giving the power of offering sacrifice and other necessary powers is wanting. In the said year the Convocation of Anglican Bishops rejected the form that had been in use for over 100 years, viz., the form in the Ritual of Edward VI., and adopted sub stantially in words the Catholic form of consecra tion. The form in the llitual of Edward VI. is, 'Take the Holy Ghost.' The rest is an exhorta tion. This form, according to all Catholic divines, id invalid, because the form of consecration should express, per sc, the grace to be conferred by virtue of Divine institution, viz., the grace, the office, the power of a bishop in the Church of God. The said form expresses no particular grace or power whatsoever. It has no more ten dency to express the grace of episcopal con secration than the grace of Baptism, of Confirma tion, or any other grace whatsoever. It has no more tendency to express the office and power of a Bishop than the office and power of a king or a magistrate. It is clear that it expresses no particular grace or power ; and consequently it confers no particular grace or power whatsoever. The Anglican Bishops in Con vocation (1662) saw this, and they consequently rejected the form of consecration according to the ?Rifimi nf T-M,ira-vl VT.. and substituted for it the Catholic form of consecration ; but unfortunately it ?was too late, because the use of an invalid form of consecration in the Anglican Church over 100 years precluded the possibility of the transmission of valid consecration or any valid orders whatsoever ; and consequently there was no Bishop to consecrate another. I desire it to be distinctly understood that Convocation, by rejecting the form of consecra tion according to the liitual of Edward VI., empha tically pronounced judgment that it was invalid ; and by adopting the Catholic form of consecration pronounced judgment that it was the true, real, valid . orm of episcopal consecration. Anglican Bishops sDr. Chalmers, of course, included) and clergymen, therefore, ought not to feel aggrieved at the late decision of the I'ope to the effect that the Orders in the Anglican Church are invalid, whereas the Con vocation of Anglican Bishops 234 years ago practi cally pronounced the same judgment. 1 have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant, P. HALLINAN, D.D. Hyde, October 30th, 1896. 