The Late Fred. Barnard The death of Mr. Fred. Barnard, owing to its melancholy character, has (says the Sketch) rouscl more interest in the unhappy avtist than ever his life did. He had been staying v.ith a frieml, }!-?. A'nbroi-e Myall, at Aber Man, Meitnn Hall-road, Wimbledon. Ou Sunday. September 27, he wa ; late in bis rising. The raa'd ealied h:m at half-p;jst 11. I He siifl that he would be up shorily, but he seems to hive gvue to shew again. Two horns later trnoke was te;:ii to Le issuing from the wmdow of his bed room. The tloor was locked, and all attempts to open it failed till the tire brigade arrived. But they had come too late, for the bedclothes were one inu^s J of fUmc, and the unhappy artist was found iu tlie - midst oE them, still alive, although lie was unable to speak before he died. A wooden pipe ou the floor told its own tile. He had been smoking in bed and set (ire to the clothes. He had just passol his liali- ceutury, having Leon born on -\ ay '26, IS 10. During his career be bid iloue un cu'irmous amount of work of a very varied t-hmiL'tev. The public knew him best, perhaps, as a master of bliick and white : but Burlington Hmisn, o:il'3 upon a time, was fauiiliyr witli bis L.-MiviisT.. Twenty ve.irs n$;o and more hi;- *' Crowd Beioie tin Guards' Baud,' aud bis ' Berbers; Shop ' weic note 1 hy critic; at the Academy, while bis jVtiiu.us pidure 'Satwrd'iy Night iu the Borouprh,' ex hibited iu 1S7G, was bought by Mr. G. H. Sims who hud marked hi* talent iu the early 'seventies, wK'ii both of them were working for Fun. That ]i;i-fnie decided Mr. Sims ti employ him to illustrate ilm startling series of :!rtieles, ' IIuvv the Poor Live,' ; which ' Dagonet ' was then on the point of willing. No other English artist could have done the 1,-i--k batter. Tlie word ' task,' indeed, U misu'-'iii in this cuni:ee-tion, for Barnard revelled in pictuiiu.? Mi-: East-End. Recalling the work, Mr. Sims has sajii. '? Iu that slum tour he went down with me iut- tli«: n lost horrible places, into black darkness wbi.-ru I have had to strike a wax light for him to tiikc a rou;1!, sketch. To get h drawing of the gallery -,\\{ th-: jii'iny g;ilV ho went and sat iu the gallery hiin-rli', amid biiiTjuu(l:ngs of the unst unsavoury :? il. Then (beie were, .-free! rows and rows m pubs.. ;i|jd ; we were always pushed right into the middle of , them.' ! As the deliucator of London life iu its more c'i.i- ? i;i.cteri?tii; pharos, Barnard, indeed, luul no cquil ;-t ] all. When yon c nu'i to think of bis illustrations to i Dickeus, you feel that ' Boz ' never bas been illus- ; trated as by Birnard ; you come away with the feel- ! i':g that he never again tvjJJ be so well iHu- strute-l. / Biroard uuderstool the early Viotoriau Cockney ! that Dickens immortalised. It was less a in:'tto;j o't1 \ psrsonal observation than of sheer instinct. Iliere is sonuthng absolutely luimjtablc about bis cau oup' ion ; the rotund, merry Cockney John Bull (jf his pictures was hi* own secret. When imitators t ok ii]) the tile you felt how infinitely poor they all were, while Barnard's iutiucuce was still strong upon them. He created arliitic types, however, wliidi have been aiiuexea aud modified and moulded bv other arlists whom it would be invidious if uot dan gerous to name, although there is not ;i possible, probable (shadow of doubt, about it. And lv-. was r equally at home with all novelists of the same tohool as Dink ens, SirWnHev Besant. i'or instance, In. never been 60 admirably illustrated as when his ; work fell into Barnard's bands. Au excellent ex - \ atuple is shown iu 'ArmorelofLyones.se,' which | ( tirst appeared in the Illustrated London .Vit1*, with :}. illustiutious by the familiar ' F. B.'' Few stories ? } have ever 1-een more adequately illusfrated iu the '?.?? pijres of tlje prcit weekly, and as you turn them .: over 3'ou are struck with tbeir power, their care- ??? fulness, their strong huuiauity — all of which aie, m - a rule, conspicuous by their absence iu illustrations of modern novels, wlisn oiica the particular fa ^liiou which the chaiactera wear hits beeu consigned to the \ hrubo of forgotten thiugs. j Aud the humour of bis art war, the spirit of the niiu. Nobody ever spoke of him as 'Mr.' Ber nard, nor yet ' Barnard.' He was called ' Froii.' That seems a small thing, aui yet it uieaus a pud deal, as Sir Walter Besant once philosophised upon in on1* of bis curious little abides, isomcboily lws even likened Barnard to the sort of artists deiJicted { in 'Trilby.' And it is i;ot far oft the mark! lie ' was essentially a Bohemiau who ' could work all day anl be the best of company at uight, aud tell a good stoi y or sing u comic song with adufi-;uj!e ell'ect.' His tragic eDd is all the sadder. tjil; latk frld. barnaud, artist THE IXTEEEDrTED GHOST STOET. IHii LOST CHGED. THE AUI wCT THE LATE FEED. BAliXAED, [Reproduce rt fr-:m Ihe i!hairp.i(d Lixcip Ait^-.l 