STERILISED MILK. to tub KDlTOn OF THB AQB. Sir, — Ono of tho great sanitary boflevolencos of Now York oity the past summer has been the establishment in that oity of variou depots or stations for the dispensing of sterilised milk for tho use of infants and ohildron, especially those of the poorer olnsses. This reform was established by Nathrfii Straus, who reports that ho has sold or given away 536,379 bottles of steril ised milk at his various depute in New York in tho uoason ju«t closed, and in addition has dis posed of 512,430 glasses of pure milk in the same way. In his report Mr. Straus shows the nocossity of Htioh depots as ho has estab lished as a sanitary measure, and points out tho praotical impossibility of tho poor obtaining pure milk untainted by disease germs in any other way. It is true enough that Mr. Straus's milk depot have saved many lives of feeble infants, made life much more endurable for tbousauds of others, and tho whole oity of New York owes to him the orusade on adultera tion of milk, whioh has alroady resulted in a great improvement in the quality of tbo milk supply in th&b; city. It is a reform, too, whioh is auro to be among one of tho fixed and pormanent public health agencies of the future in all large cities. In this connec tion reference may bo made to ono of the many indictmonts whioh have been seoured in Now York the presont season by the board of health against vendors of adulterated milk, and which was lately reported. A can of 'milk was submitted by tho health board to Thomas Craig, of Now Brighton, an authority on the larvm of insects ; and Mr. Craig decided that thoy were the larvie of the "ghost" or "phan tom" fly, knowu to scientists as Corothra pleuriooornis, a water gnAt whioh is generated in stagnant pools and lives on othor insects. Their presonce in the milk is re garded as good evidence that the band of man had something to do with it. Evidences of a similar nature from tho health reports of many cities could bo multi- 1 plied, all Bhowing the need not only of strict legal inspection of milk vendors in cities, and the power to legally prosecute adulteration in this indispensable article of human food, but also showing the need of sterilised milk and its absolute health- fulness, as by the process of boating the milk all disease germs are destroyed, while the natural flavor of tl)e milk ja unimpaired. The law iu the State of Maine, whioh was enacted last session in regard to milk inspection, pro vides that milk sold in oitici must contain 3 per cent, of fat and 9 per cent, of solids, and that nil furnishing milk .shall be lioenBed, and that an inspector shall be appointed, whose duty it shall bo to inspoot the milk. — Yours, &o.; C. W. GORSUOH. Bnllarat Fast, 24th February. 