COAPTIa VIII. The crowd of guests streaming in kept the earl well occupied. He stood at the head of the salon, the slight form in white satin and diamonds beside him. To all and each Alice gave her sweet smile and gentle word; no trace of fear or awk wardness was in her demeanour. Everyone was amazed. They had come filled with a wild curiosity to aee the farm-girl who had so suddonly and strangely becooeo aouanoo1 .and luttew of beholding a series of terrible social blunders performed by a sturdy dairy- maid, thee" saw nothing but a lovely patrician 4. , ..'hose charms and wondrous beauty eclipsed even Miss Valerie Ross, long considered the goddess of all loveliness by the folk around the Castle. From her chair, Lady Darrell noticed their astonishmant; and felt that she sympathised with it. Her heart woke from the bitter disappointment that had lived in it since the day she learnt of her son's marring-, to ad mire most genuinely the fair young wife. 'Where does she get her manner I' she mused to herself. ' she is patrician from head to foot. Roy has no need of shame to night; his wife.has achieved a success.' Then she sighed a little as her eyes wan dered to a tall stately form, an whose red-brown hair the rubies and diamonds quivered like jewelled dew-drops. At last all the guests were assembled, the testimonial handed to the earl, and dinner was announced. Alice found herself led in by Sir Robert Carlyle, and smiled one or twice to herself as she read the admiration ind amazement on his face. The dinner proved long and tedious to her, though not to the majority, for they ate heartily. Alice had more pleasure in looking at all the wonderful gold and silver ornaments, cups, goblets, dishes, and vases, that stood on the table. It was a glimpse of fairyland to her, end the Earl, glancing from his seat at the far end of the room, watched her bright look of admiration, and felt again that new sensation which was growing stronger and stronger in his heart. Dinner over, the ladies withdrew, and Alice found her time occupied in chatting with all the great dames, wnose faces she recollected from seeing them in their car riages dashing along to Nestley town Valerie had said little all tie evening, but she was thinking the more. Her bate for Alice had grown to night to a passion; the truth that Roy was gradually becoming in terested-nay, attracted by his wife, lashied her to madness. It was indeed woman against womam. Lady Darrell was right. Valerie loved Roy now with all the power of her heart; not as she had worshipped Eustace Rivers, but with a passion of genuine affection tenderness; she liad been living in a dream these two days past. She felt secure in Roy's love, and thought of Alice only ns a cloud on the horizon of her happiness ; bht now she realised she was ndoed living in dreamland, Roy's eyes all this night had rested on his wife; a dawn of something now and such as had never camne for her, appeared on his face, and Valerie saw that onco aeg-in her happi ness would be wrecked. She had as yet no plan; she krew not what or how she meant to do it ; but she swore to herself that b"fore many days the earl would be effectually separated from hi wife, my lady Alice, and turn to her. The mon coming in from the sin kiirg. room disturbed her thoughts. Lord Radino hurried up to Alice I Countess,' he exclaimed, ' how beautiful you look 4o-nigbht I could uot hmprofa b The pale oheike produced by the ghost quite disappeared.' 'Ghost!' repeated OGunt Jura, who strolled up to Alice also; ' have you frightened to-day, countess 7' ' Yes,' Lord Radine went on-; ' we over to the abbey ruins, you know, morning; and as we were about to re the remains of the tower, Lady D turned deathly white, uttered a slight e mation, and fled back to the air. W taxed her with seeing a ghost, she decJ such to be the case' Alice had grown pale during this sp She had looked up and met the gaze of erie's eyes burning with their pasdion o and there was such a resemblance at instan" to the sinister face of Paul that she felt again the dread that h;% tacked her in the ruins. Count Jura watched her cheeks bin his brows were knit. (70 henoantinumd1 