TRAINING NOTES. MOKPHETTVILLE. he tracks at Morphettville were in good ordefr on Thursday morning, when some interesting work was recorded. Keily was tbe first to begin operations by sending Miraclum and Thunder Queen a round at a good strong pace. Doric, who was ridden by Bushel!, did useful exercise over three miles. Viking, with Willis in the saddle, then negotiated a round. The Eiridspord representative had the assistance of the Derby colt Concussion for the last halfmile, and got over the i once round in 2 min. 44 sec. Respond and Fleet Admiral were given long: steady work. Pitchery (W. Burn) and Port Admiral (Jacques) took 2 min. 42 sec. to run once round the track. Danbydale (Griffiths) and Hear Hear (F. Burn) were companions for a six-furlong flutter, the watch registering 1 mis. 23 sec.' Diadem and Trentalto finished together at the end of a smartly run six furlongs. Alveary got over five furlongs in 1 min. 7? sec., while Clytemnestra covered a mile in even time. Security left half a mile behind on the course proper in 52^ sea Rose Park joined in for the last three furlongs. Rosedale was responsible for a mile run in 1 min. 54 sec. Ensign was given strong work over a couple of miles. Foliage ran a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 22 sec., the last half-mile being left behind in 53 sec. Nomadic finished up a round by spurting over the last four furlongs. Eleusinian and Dalesman put in a round at half - pace. Blodwen, who was assisted by Princess of Wales for thefirat mile and a furlong, got over the Derby distance on the course proper in even time. The Golden King and Floodbird were companions in a two-mile gallop, the last round being negotiated in 2 min. 45 sec. Supposition got over a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 25 sec. , the last mile being run in 1 min. 56 sec. Taliesin and Lord Salisbury only cantered. THE OLD COCBSE. Rorke's Drift, who was piloted by F. Wise, strode freely over three rounds, and finished up with a short spurt. Firelock was given steady exercise, while Lord Grenville put in some good half and three-quarter pace work. Wahine was credited with a smart six furlongs, but Dick Whittington was not extended. Barter, who is coming on nicely, was given useful exercise. Carmelite travelled over a mile, which was left behind in 1 min. 584 sec. Havelock's mission was three rounds "at strong pace, the last circuit being got over ir 2 min. sec. Carlton was given steady exercise, while Gipsy Queen and Juliet, the latter covering the last two miles in 4 min.. were credited with good work. Black Flag concluded his task by running a round in 2 min. 3 sec. Confidence was treated to Ion^ half and three-quarter paca work. Conscript and ifompa jumped off in front of Conventioner and De la Volta; Mompa, who had the best of matters, negotiating the round in 1 min. 58 see. Conventioner lost ground after the firac furlong- and finished alongside De la Volto. Handover put in some good •work at three-quarter-pace. Trout and Helena finished together at the end of a mile and a quarter, but the filly was all out. Dianthus covered a mile in 1 min. 5S£ sec., while The Royalist only worked steadily. Jack Sprat ran three times round the track, the last circuit being at three-quarter pace. Longbow was spurring, but Gaillardia only did medium work. All Fours was given long steeplechase exercise. Home Rule got over his last round in 2 min. h sec. Barunga and Consequence, the latter on the cinder^ were given moderate exercise, but Strike v.'as credited with some good work. Recoup finished in front of Regent in a, mile and a half gallop, the round being accomplished in 2 min 4 see. Angler was given useful steeplechase work. Doubloon and Electric took 1 min. 22Jr sec. to get over six furlongs. Isinglass and Snowdrift ire,re coupled for three circuits, the pair negotiating tbe final round in 2 min. 9 sec. Bombastic v.-ent freely over a distance, but K&diaut;, who is showing sign6 of lameness, only worked steadily. Sir Georga had the assistance of fishwife in some pood steeplechase work, the pair leavinc the last round behind in 2 min. S sec. Kiise and First Master were, responsible for a mile, the last seven iiirJongs taking 1 min. 3!) sec. Kirkby ran a mile and a furlong in - min. G sec. Encounter finished up some steady work by spurting home. Simple Jim, Woodfield, The Ghost, Eclipse. Postal, Deburg, Union Jack, and Eaglehawk were all treated to moderate excrcica. Cigarette was not allowed to go fast, but Saracen did some useful sprinting, while Holly ran six furlongs in 1 min. 28 eec. Fund did not go beyond three-quarter pace, and Orb was restricted to medium pacing. 