IN QUEST OF GOLD. A 8TORY OF THE TRANSVAAL. I landed In Port Natal with golden hopes In- my breast and elgliteenpence In my pocket. The hopes and the i>cnce vanished quickly. There hnpiKncd to Just then ,and evcryltody was grumbl ing. Gold wow said to Ih» plentiful up country, hut I had no means of getting there. I knocked about for a day or two, and when my last copper was gone I was lucky enough to run across the proverbial friend, in need. He was an Englishman nnrmtd John Garwood, a big, red-bearded chap, with the bulkl of an ox. I soon »aiw that ho was close- listed and hard at a bargain. It' wasn't much of a chance that he often! ino, though I was mighty glad to take hitn up. He had been In tho colony for several years, and ho far had met with i>oor success. But he was going to slake his little all on a search for gold away up beyond the iYans- van!, a ud as I had nothing to chip in for a partnership ho agreed to hike mo along as u hired helper. I was to get n few shillings a month, whether we struck It rich or poor. It was a one sided contract, but I was not in the igni tion to kick. Garwood's outfit consisted of a strong waggon anil eight sensoned bullocks, a tent, two rlfics, a brace of revolvers, and a lot of mining tools. For. driver he hired a wizened and tough little Hottentot, who was al>out 10 years old, and knew cvwy part of the colony. I took a mistrust to Jnnka from the Unit, for he had a wicked eye -that could never look one straight in the face. He was a fair blacksmith and waggon wrlght, a dead shot, and an un tiring hunter. Garwood hhd picked him up nt rietornuirltzberg and he admitted that he had n reputation for Impudence anil laziness. "Don't you worry," ho said to mo tie- fore wo started. "I know how to manage these blacks. Jatikn Is too valuable to part with, an as long as ,1 nth his master he will behave like u faithful dog." "I don't deny It," I replied. "You know the ropes out here, anil I'm only a green hand. But his looks aro ugalnat hint." So wo three started north, and I won't tire you with an account of the long Journey. At the end of two months wo crossed tho Llnqiopo Itiver, and tho Transvaal was behlud us. Ahead was a wild and lK<iutlful country, but little known In those days. Garwood was as fearless a man as ev<n lived, anil (hough It wns o daring anil foolhardy thing to do, we pushed right on Into the land of the Mntabeles. Ymi know what lively scrimmages the C'hurtcred Company had there. At that time tho savages were more bitter to wards white men than now, and wo located our camp in the. saf test place we could find. It was part way up a little valley ,nnd In among thick timber. There wore tall mountains right and left, nud a hit of ft stream brawled by the tent. And, If you'll believe me, that stream turned out to be chock full of gold. I could hardly find It to-day ,and I reckon no one else has stumbled on it yet. Ah.-wlmta Mine we had ! Garwood and I cradled tho pools from morning to night, und the canvas bag of shiny nug gets grew heavier and heavier. And It all belonged to him hy the terms of (he contract. I felt pretty sore, I can tell you, but I worked on and kept my mouth shut. So did Garwood, und I calculated he would drive his bargain to the last letter. I hud no reasons. You see he was a gnim, close-mouthed sort of chap, and it was all work and sleep with us. No pipes and cheery i talks around the supper fire. It was a month, more or less, that wo stayed in that lonely nook of Mn/tubele- land. Every night there was a fresh heap of nuggets to shovel Into the bag. No Ravages came near us, and we saw no trace of any. We lived royally, for the Hottentot wns n rare good hunter; and Jnnka wns on his good behavior, I'm bound to say. He win as meek as a lamb, and when he sometimes saw us fingering the gold he would look at It stupidly and carelessly, us though the shiny nuggetH were no more to him tlmu so much dirt. Ah, he wns a cun ning rogue if ever then? was one. One night, when the canvas lwg wan so full that we could hardly tie the mouth shut a queer thing happened. Wo awoke in the morning to find our two rifles gone. They laid been car ried off from onr very sides. We hunted nil around, but It was no use. Garwood knew mighty little of spoor ing, and I knew loss; so we had to rely on Jaukn. The Hottentot hnd a ready solution for Hie mystery. He pretoud- ed to discover signs of naked feet In the trampled gntss around Mm tent, and declared that two savages had stolen the rifles In the night; then he crept off Into the jungle like a cat, promislug to track the thieves, and intimating that hu might bring our property back before evening. Naturally we had little hope <rf that. "I suspected the black scamp, though I don't know Just why. I hinted as much to Garwood, but be only laughed at me. Then he kinked sober, und said that the Mntn- bele had llkeiy stolen the rifles to make us defenceless, and would bo coming to take our lives next. We counted It lucky that our re volvers won! left. They hnd likely es caped a Mention, being fastened to our bells wlille wo slept. We loaded them carefully before we trudged up the stream to whore wo were working. Wo did not do much tlmt morning, owing to a heavy sense of danger that damped our spirits. Wo watched and listened n good bit In between the cradling, und at dinner time, finding we had forgotten to bring our lunch, wo struck back to camp. Jankn reached the tent just as wo did. only from the opposite direction, lie looked fagged out, and his feet ami body were scratched by thorns. He was empty handed, except for bis cus tomary spear. "Where! are our rifles?" Garwood asked, sharply.., "You arc a pretty fel low to send after thieves!" "They hnd much start, linns," 'said tho Hottentot, in a sullen tone. "Vul tures on the wing could not huvo over taken thorn. 1 followed their H|K>or to a Mutnbclo kraal .vender." pointing to the west. "The dogs of thieves had en tered the gate. I lay hid close hy in the bushes and listened. I heard much talk and saw many things. At noon day alt the fighting warriors of the kraal will start for the while men's camp to slay them. They will he here by the Hilling ofthn miu." Janka looked lis straight In the eye as he Npoke. His words and manner bore the stamp of truth. Though I be lieved him capable of any villainy. 1 would have sworn tlmt now lie was uot l.vlug. "How many are comlug?" demanded Garwood, paling under his bronze skin. Tho Hottentot lifted both bands und rapidly closed und opeucd his fingers n dozen times. "That many, baas." "It's safe to count on half a hun dred," muttered Garwood, turning to mo. "We're dead men If we may here; ny, and we're us good as dead anyway, for these blacks will track us like fiends. It's u slim cbnnce." "But worth the trying," I replied. "If we start at once, wc can cover a good mauy miles by evening. The oxen are in prime condition." Garwood nodded. "We're leaving a dozen fortunes behind," he said, glancing regretfully at the stream. "And taking one with us," wild I. lie looked sharply at me for a couple of seconds, and I knew he was awklug himself If I expected a share of tho gold. I hnd not meant It that way, and I blushed with confusion. Thou he understood, and his eyes dropped. "We'll be off at once," he said. "Our only cbnnce Is to keep ahead of the Matnhelc until wo reach the Limpopo." With that we fell to work. Jnnka lent us a hand, but every now and then be wns taken with n fit of shiver ing. Either he was mortally scared for his life, or It was the finest bit of acting I over saw. Well, we got off in short order, nud as soon as wc were clear of the valley the bullocks wont rattling over the grassy veldt, with the waggon swaying and bouncing behind. Garwood and I lay in the rear end, watching every bill crest and clump of shrub, and listening to' the crack of the Hottentot's whip. But. to make n long story short, the Matnbele did not show up. We tra velled hard all that night and well luto the uext forenoon before we ventured on a few hours' halt. We were off ngaln at sunset, and two days later we sighted the Limpopo, und crossed nt a fording. We felt safe now, arid were even a little nshamed of our hasty flight. But we did not dream of going back. We bad had quite enough of the perilous country of the Matabeles. We took our time on the long Journey through the Transvaal, heading in n direct route for Port Natal. From what few words Garwood lot fall, I surmised that be wns going borne to England with his fortune. I felt pretty blue over my own prospects. The wages that were due ine would Inst but n short time after reaching the coast, and il ine 1 1 iiiLM wen: mm uun i iiiigui linvo trouble in finding employment. I'm afraid I bad some bitterness to wards Garwood, for I knew lie bad driven a bard bargain with me. lie was as glum ns ever, and we found each other's company pretty monotonous. We bad pushed on after sunset be cause the Vnal river wan not far ahead, and we hoped to out-span there before midnight. Garwood was squatted In Hutch fashion against the tnll-board, smoking the last crumbs from bis to bacco box. I was stretched across the bed of the waggon, directly behind the driver's sent. My bend was pillowed on the bag of nuggets, and my eyes wero half-closed. Twice I saw Janka give me a quick glance over his shoulder, and when he did It n third time my old mistrust came to life ngaiu. I lay still, peeping from under my eyelids, and wondering what it meant. That was where I made n mistake, though I can't say I regret It. All nt once Jnnka swung round, and swift ns lightning jerked my revolver out of my belt. With a twist of his hand he reversed the weapon, and brought tho butt heavily down on my forehead. Though dizzy with pain, I gave a loud cry and struggled to my knees. I saw Garwood spring up, reaching for his pistol, and Just then the Hottentot fired. The ball sang by my ear, and Garwood threw up his arms and fell backward out of the end of the waggon. I staggered to my feet, and, whipping out my hunUng-knlfe, faced Jnnka as he thrust the pistol Into my face and pulled the trigger. The chamber cither missed fire or was empty, nnd before I could take advantage of the opportunity the wiry little Hottentot dropped the weapon nnd jumped squnrely down on me. "Tho gold! The gold!" he screamed shrilly. "It Is nil inine, bans, for you arc a dead umul" I was accounted pretty slrong In those days, but the dizzy crnek on the bend bad put me at, a disadvantage. Moreover, I hnd lost tho knife. As I went down I gripped the Hottentot ns best I could, nnd for n couple of min utes we threshed over the waggon bed, locked tightly together. I was grow ing weaker all the lime, and I gave myself up for lost. Janka was crazy with rage naid greed, and his skinny muscles wero like Iron. Ills purpose was to get at my throat, and throttle inc. The bullocks were moving slow ly, but nil nt once they bellowed and broke luto a gallop, and I heard tho roar of a Hon off to one Bide. The waggon began to sway and pitch furi ously, nnd Jankn nnd I .were flung from side to side. What came after that Is a bit hnzy. In a minute, like a flash, the waggon was over on Its sdc, und I heard the hag of nuggets rip through the hood. The Hottentot was undermost now, tint I was too weak to hold him there. He would soon have twisted loose, I'll warrant, only he didn't get the chance. The waggon hnd bceu bumping along on Its side, nnd of n sudden It took a header down a stony bank. There was rushing water at the bottom, nnd Into It wc went— wnggon, bullocks, and nil. I wan clean under before I could open my. mouth, and then I hnd sense enough to hold my breath und kick. The current must have washed me out of the end of the waggon, for I came to the top of the river— It was the Vunl, ns you have likely guessed— and saw tho shore a title way off. I gained It by swimming nnd wading, climbed up the bluff to a patch of grass and fell down In n dead faint. It wns early dawn when I ennie to nnd I felt pretty ehlppor, except for the painful hump on my head. The river wns a yellow flood, nnd there wns no sign of bullocks, waggon, or Janka. I was a little below the top of the bank, nnd when I scrambled up, I was tho most surprised nnd delighted man you ever saw. The bng of nuggets Iny n few yards off, nnd standing beside It wns John Gnrwood. Ho lind a bloody bandage around bis bead, und I took him for a ghost nt first. "I thought you were dead I" I cried. "It was a close shave," ho answered, "hut the bullut only ploughed my scalp. I've been lying back here on the veldt nil night Where's Jnnka and the team?" I told him my story, and his fnco grow us Hoft ns n woman's. "You're n brave fellow," ho snld, "and 1 hnvu't treated you squnrely. But It ain't too Into to make nmeuds. You «iv«l the gold, ami half of It Is "1 won't take It," said I. "You will," said he, and ns bis voice had the old stubborn ring, I didn't argue the mutter. The Yttul being rapid and swollen, we knew It was no ubo to look for tho tcum, nor did wo doubt that Junku's drowued body was tangled In the wag- gon. We bougnt a cart ana bullocks from a Dutch fanner, nud made our way down to Port Nutul. The bag of gold didn't hold exactly a fortune, but It gave ouch of us a tidy little sum. Garwood went home to England with his. I bought a farm here In Natal, stocked It with cattle nud sheep, und put up the buildings. That's how I got my first start, nnd I've prospered ever Bl nee.— Correspondent "Peck's Suu." From "Tho Weekly Times, " 18th April. 