SYLVIA MONK'S CRIME, He assisted Bernice to alight. Hehelped her, up the-steps and into the house. Mrs. Crowl received the young marchioness kindly and repecifully, and with a warmth that was very gtatful to the girl. Ths relations beitwen the two hid been Irorm the first as mistress. iid servant, and Mrs. Crowl had playeii her part so well as never to excite the gill' suspicions.' Mrs. Crowl led the way up stairs, Bernice and Monk following. The woman ushered thein-int'n a pleasant little parlor, where lights and a fi e. were burning, and drew up an easy-chair b lore the hearth. Bernice sank into the .ciai, tired and very pale. * Miss Gwjyn has sprained her wrist,' said Mook.. 'You will know how to treat the ailmenit,. MIrs Crowl, without calling in a physicia n. *To-morrow evening, Miss Gwyn will be atbe to start for Mawr Castle, and you witll take the express for Loindon. You will stoop afa quiet hotel in town to morrow night, and continue your journey the next day. I. will be in London also to-morrow evening--going up on the sam-: train with you;gin fact, to make all sure. We will meet at tlie station. And now good.night.' He bena-over Bernice and kissed her. Then hie took his leave, and hurried down to tie' waiting carriage and set out on his re turn. :When the fly arrived upon the hill over looking the village of Chetwynd.by-sea,' Monk called to the driver to stop. The order was promptly obeyed. Monk alighted, and exclaimed : "' ou caa drive on, Flack, and return the fly to the inn. I'il walk home, and stretch my legs after this long drive. You need not come to the Park to- morrow. Pay your hill at the inn-in the morning, and go to East bourne. Yuu are to take charge of Miss Gwyn and Mrs. Crowl, and have them at the station to-m'orrow night. I shall go up to London by the same train.' He dismissed his confederate hy a wave of the hand, and the vehicle passed on in the distance. Monk walked briskly down the hill and into the silent village. He turned into the lonely churc'hvard among the graves, whose tall white headstones screened him from the possible view of any watcher, although the mobnlight was still brilliant. • He crept into the little shaded stone porch, and let himself into the church. It was then about two o'clock in the morning. It was past four, and the gray dawn was breaking, when he emerged from the church, weariied and worn and pale. Monk went on through the village and 'ascended the bill beyond. At the lower gate of the Park he halted and let himself in, and hurried along the more obscure paths toward the house. The old Hindoo woman had watched and waited for him all these hours. She saw him enter the park, and one glance at him assured her that his ' other business' had been accom plished. She arose from her crouching position and followed him stealthily home ward. ' I've made a failure of it, after all,' the old woman muttered. ' His business lay in the village. , It concerned my lady in some way, But what was it? I'd ltke to know Gilbert 'Monk's schemes, but they all hinge on that girl. He means to preserve her life; I mean to desttio it. Which will win? .The kitchen-maids .were astir, and old Ragee, watching her opportunity, experienced no difficully in slipping irto the house un seen, at the servants' entrance. She glided up to the apartments of her mistress, whom she found sleeping. She passed on to her own rom 'and changed her garments, and flang herself on her bed, dropping asleep. St.was somewhere about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summoned her. She was a light sleeper, awakening at a sound or touch, and now started up broad awake up n the intlant. She folded her turban afresh, v..and hastened to the bed-chamber of her mis tress . i Miss Monk Sas in bed, her head l)ing Sback:upono her pillows, a fretful expression on .her.wairthy face. She was annoyed and cuirious, and she exclaimed petulantly : ; '.:: Why did you not sleep in my room last night as usual, Ragee ? Why were you not . .here to.undress me? I kept awake till near 'morning from sheer terror, I cannot be "'alone, ard, you know it.' R . igee atii once told her mistress the story *':of( her adventures during the night. Miss :'.0Monk listened in breathless eagerness. -:.'' Gilbert is the head and front of this .^appaititon business,' said Sylvia at length. :?.'Ai;id yet why should be wish to ruin me? iHe rescued her from her tomb. It's all plain ; to me now. And be has some object in de. :-lending her. What can it be? He did not \- lovf.her, . ;';Lean see into the mystery,' said the old ':Hindoo? woman, her dusky face lighting. ','Th~e tth ;i he has discovered .who she is. Sy'ui, know, Missy, she did not know her .: parentage. Gilbert has found out the secret ' She ise f noble blood, one can tell that by her haughty air, her patrician beauty, her '.l;igh breeding. She looks like a princess at ' )he least. I can see Gilbert's game now, He 'means to allow you to marry my lord, and he :will then'restore my lady to her own friends .and rilativeP, and feather his own nest.' B ' t hat would then become of me? I should be no wife. I should be Eet adrift-' ';,-.'Yee, Missy. But perhaps Mr. Gilbert "W'uld not permit things to go so far. Per 'haps he will not allow you to marry my lord. "Gilbert is a selfish fellow and means to look ,i oit Tor himself, and he won't care what be .c6nomes of you I think he brought my lady here to play ghost. I think he means to exact a- good price from my lord and from Lady Chetwynd's relatives, and then restore her to them as one from the dead.' Miss Monk looked terrified. ' What shall we do !' she whispered. ' What 'shall we do, Ragee ?' . 'Leave it all to me. We must not suffer -Gilbert to suspect how much we know of his plats. I will outwit him, and destroy the girl. : Leave-it to me, I say. My lady is at ' Mrs. Crawl's lodgings,' at Eastbourne. You mnust send me to Easibourne to-day, Missy, o matich some of your embroideries or trimmings, or something.' 'But he will not keep her at Eastbourne, where she is known. He will take her to Looddo, and conceal her there, until he is ready to disclose the fact that she lives.' 'Then I'll go to London, too,' said the Hindoo, with a resolute gleam in her e-es. ' I'll be more than a match for him,' Miss Monk put atide her chocolate, taking a draught of stronger drink to 'steady her nerves.' Then she ollowed herself to be dressed in her luxurious Eastern style, and at nine o'clock was ready for breakfast. She bade Ragee await her return to her chamber, and descended to the breakfast-room. Lord Chetwynd was already there, and Gilbert Monk followed her immediately, looking somewhat haggard and wearied. Miss Monk was very amusing, with a forced gayety, but Chetwynd was unusually silent and abstracted. 'Anytbing I can do for you in town, Sylvia ?' inquired Monk, carelessly, as he received his second cup of coffee at the hands of the waiter. ' Have you any commands for jeweller, dressmaker, bootmaker or mil. wish you may entertain. I am.going up to London to-night.' ' Ab, indedd ? said Miss Monk. ' If you I will look in at Howell and Jamcs's, and inquire when my opal bracelet will be t finished, I shall be obliged. Shall you be c gone long ?' ' A day-or so-possibly a week. Scotsby and Newman expect me, and business is business, you know. .In the early evening, immediately after I dinner, Gilbert Monk drove over to East bourne, and to the station. He aitrived at I the last moment, and was ushered into a first.class compartment occupied by two veiled ladies, of whom one was Lady Chet wynd and the other Mrs. Crowl. The train had begun to move, when the donr of the second class compartment adjoining was hurrietily opened by the guard, and a bent old swoman, with a painted white face, gray hair, a frilled cap, and a huge scuttle bonnet, was pushed in, and the door hastily shut upon her. This old.woman was Ragee, the Hindoo !" And thus, environe's by her enemies, young. Lady Chetwynd j.urneye d up to London. CHAPTER XX IN A STATE OF UNCERTAINTY. On arriving at the London Bridge terminus, Gilbert Monk alighted from the :first-class coach be had occupied with young Lady Chetwynd and. Mrs. Crowl on' thejourney up from Eastbourne, and raising his hat. to them as to utter strangers, he crossed the platform and entered a Hansom cab, biddine the driver convey hin to Haskell's Family Hitel, Piccadilly. Flack appeared front a second-class coach near at hand, and escorted Lady Chetwynd and Mrs. Crowl to a four.wheeled cab, assisted them into the vehicle, mounted the box with the driver, and gave the satme order Monk had given-Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. An old bent woman-the Hindoo yaah cleverly disguised - had appeared from the second-class carriage.adj·'inrng the compartment occupied by Lady Chetwynd had beard the orders of Monk and Flack, and now entered a cab and gave precisely the same order they had given-Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. In the course of an bour thereafter the three several parties were quartered in the bhtel they had designated. The hour was late, and Gilbert did not see Bernice that evening. The Hindoo woman registered a false name, and ascertained that. Lady Chet wynd was registered as Miss. Gwyh of Car narvon. This discovery afforded the ayah food for thought and speculation througbout the re mainder of that night. The next morning, after eating a solitary breakfast, Monk ordered a cab, and went up to Bernice's private parlour. He found her lying upon a couch, her hair unconfined, her face pale and wearing an expression of great suffering. Her brows were contracted in pain, and she was manifestly unable to travel. Monk started in dismay. ' What is to be done?' he asked anxiously. Shall I send for a pltysiciai?, . 'She needs a day of rest, with warmth and stimulating food,' said Mrs.' Crowl.' I can treat her as well as a physician could. I'll have her teady to start for Wales ih,a day or two.' Monk reluctantly went outhabd, dismissed his cab, and announced at the ffice that be would prolong his stay a day ?ortwotlotnger He then returned to the parlour with'a parcel of morning papers, resolved upon mnaking the best of a bad situation. He found Mrs. Crowl eoncocting an eggnog for the benefit of her patient. .She drank the preparation meekly, and presently 'dropped to sleep. : -. Mr Crowl pushed an arm-chair to the hearth, and seated herself, her gla'ices fixed upon the beautiful sleeper.- - How lovely she is!' the womian whispered. 'She is superbly, radiantly ?beautilal. And she is so frank, so honest, so. gentle, so un suspicious of harm I She is a'. real lady' through and throurh. I should like to live with her always, Mr. Monk.:.' I'wqgdr how you can have seen her grow bIeautiful under your very eyes, and becomne: accomplisbed and fit to adorn the queen's ,,drawing.room, and yet not fall in love witll bher.' Monk's paper fell to his knees,.and his swarthy face flushed with the consciousness of a new and suddenly conceived passion for Bernice. :. Mrs, Crowl read his agitation aright. She look amazed, then pleased. 'Why, I never have su'spected that you love her,' she exclaimed. ,I io delighted, sir, and I hope that if you win ber? you will allow, me to remain with "tier always. I should ask nothing better th:Sa to live with her all my life.' . . . 'I do not know what MissGwyn will say to a marriage with me,' said Mbnk, thought fully. ' She likes rue and trusts-. me, that I know. She trusts you.also, and you might drop a word now and then about my devotion to her, and prepare her to receive favourably a proposal of marriage from me. If she marries me, Mrs. Crowl, you shall be her housekeeper, at a handsome salary.as long as you live.' Mrs. Crowl's eyes sparkled with delight. 'I advise you to let her know that you love her, sir,' she whispered. Gitve her something to think of besides old troublos. Tl'ake my word for it, she'll feel flattered And pleasei, and she'll soon get used to the idea and like it. She loves you now as a sister.; it's only a step further to love you as your bride.' Monk's perceptions and intuitions ?nnt being of the finest, be was glad to accept his conlederate's estimate of Beinice, and to act upon it. He resolved that hte -would .do nothing to lessen Bernice's trust in him, but that he would delicately ilntimate-to her, at the first suitable opportunity, ihat although Lord Chetwynd had forgotten her, there was one still who adored her, and who would de vote his life to her if shite ould permit him. The opportunily he desired did hot occur before evening, when, af er eating his dinner in the coffee- roorn, Monk returned to Lady Chetwynd's parlor. Toe gas swas lighbred here, and the curtains were drawn. The fire burned cheerily on the hearth, and before it sat Bernice, still pale, but with .a brighter look on her proud dark face. She IJ6ked stronger, too, than in the morning,' and greeted M'nk with a'smnile. He was delighted at the change 'in her, and sat down near her, his lace beaming. ' I leared that you had retired,' he said, 'hut you are almost well again, Bernice. Mrs. Corol is a physician as well as a nurse. I am persuan.ded that you will be able to con tinue your journey in the morning.' Mrs. Crowl appeared from the inner room, attired for the street. I suppose we are to go on to .the castle to.moirow, Mr. Monk,' she said, 'and I have a few purchases to make in town, so I must make them to.night. Miss Gw?yn was not so weak as I feared. Her wrist is better, all the inflammation having gone from it, and she is quite able to travel. I shall be back in an hour, having only to go into Oxford'street, if Miss Gwyn will kindly allow me. Bernice gave assent, and Mrs. Crowl de parted. And now was come thd opportunity Monk had craved, in which into tell Bernice his love While he hesitated in what manner to- be gin his intended communication, Bernice broke the silence. ' Gilbert,' she said, hesitatingly, ' I've'been thinking to-day, during my few waking hours, of how strangely I am situated. You tell me tha', having apparently died, and having actually been buried, I have ceased to be Lord Chetwynd's wife. You have been very trind to me, Gilbert. You have saved my life twice; you have given me rare oppor tunities for improvement, and have been a noble brother to me. Roy will marry Sylvia soon, and I am leflt utterly alone, with no future to look forward to. I can never hope to reward you for your goodness to me. I am a helpless burden upon you, and I know that you are poor. I cannot consent to be a'bur den to you any longer.' 'What do you propose doing ?' ' I have no further interest in England. I want to go somewhere where I have at least a shadow ol a claim upon some one. It is April, Gilbert, and ships can visit St. Kilda. I want you, as a last favour to me, to procure me passage to my old island home.' Modk's face grew sober, even to sadness. 'You have no home at St. Kilda now, Bernice,' he said. ' I don't know how to tell you, but it is better to say the truth at once. Mr. and Mrs. Gwellan were both drowned at sea last month, on a voyage from St. Kilda to Glasgow. It was in all the papers-a sad affair-' He paused, affrighted at the dead white. ness of the girl's face, and at the wild look in her great brown eyes. 'Dead I' she said ' Drowned ?' 'Yes, Bernice. It was a terrible accident. The boat-a fishing craft-went down in a gale, with all on board.' ' Dead !-drowned !' repeated the low, piteous voice, with its wild strain of in credulity. ' Dead ! Oh, heaven !' The girl covered her face with her hands, and was motionless and dumb in her great horror and despair. Monk did not dare to break the silence. He had expected tears and moans, and was awe-struck and frightened at the manner in which Bernice had received the fatal news. The slow minutes wore on. Bernice lifted her head at last, and turned towards him her white, anguished face, and her eyes full of a brooding horror. She had shed no tears, and Monk trembled as be looked upon a grief so mute, so terrible. ' hey are all gone now,' she said, in her broken voice-' all gone! Poor father and mother ! They are happy in heaven. It is better so. I would not have them back.' 'Mr. Gwellan was afflicted with heart disease, and was on his way to Scotland to consult a physician,' said Monk, soothingly. 'He could not have lived much longer at the best. They have sent out a new minis ter to St. Kilda, and you would find no place there.' 'Is there a place anywhere for me?' asked Bernice, brokenly. ' I have no right to any name, no home anywhere. I am only a dependent upon you. I did not mind that, Gilbert, when I expected to go back to Roy and to have means to repay you, at least for the money you have expended on me so generously; but now ! I cannot be dependent longer. If I have ceased to be Roy's wife, I have ceased to be your sister.:: I shall no longer be a dead weight upon you.' My poor little If- rnice I What can I say to you ? Yoa are no dependent upon me. I freely give you all I have. I loved you as a brother from the moment I saw you. It was that brotherly love that took me to your tomb for.a last look upon your face. It was that love that made me refuse to believe you dead, even when Chetwynd had caused you to be put as he supposed, forever out of his sight. During these past fifteen months I have watched the unfolding of your beauty with tenderer affection still. Your sorrows and disappointments have drawn you nearer to me still. And now, Bernice, I love you with allmy heart and soul. Come to me, Bernice. You are not alone while 1 live. Come to me, my darling.. Be my wife, and let ine devote my days to the task of making you happy.'. Hefiheld out his arms to her, but she shrank from'him, trembling Ihke a leaf. ' And you, also I' she whispered. ' I have lost my last friend. Ab, now I' am indeed alone I' I do not understand you, Bernice.' '.My friend is transformed into a .lover,' said Bernice, sorrowfully, ' and I 'have lost my. friend.' '"But you have gained far more than you have lost, Bernice,' said Monk, gently, yet urgently. .You have gained some one to share your sorrows, to minister to you, to re joice with you in your joys, to weep when you weep; some one to whom the world is brighter because you live in it; some one who, for your sake, sliives every day to be' a better and nobler man.' 'Oh, Gilbert; don't talk to me like this I All I have left is my . self-respect, and that I must maintain. To be. perfectly frank with you, my French governess has repeatedly asked me what relationshipI bear to you, and has often told me that, if I were not ybur relative, I ought to leave your pro tection for my very name's sake. .And so, Gilbert, I am not going back to Mawr Castle. I want you to crown all your obligations to me by letting me remain here with Mrs. Crowl until you can procure for me a suitable situation.' 'You are surely wild, Bernice. . I shall not consent to this absurd scheme of self-support. If you will not be my wife, you shall be my ward,'but I shall not let you go from me. In time, I know, I shall win you to be my wife.' He arose, took her hand, and felt her pulse. It:,was throbbing. with feverish quickness. He feared'to excite her by further discussion. After a few 'remarks, therefore, on in'different subjects, and an expression of 'sympathy in her . bereavement of her foster parents, he took his departure. On being left to herself, Bernice's.tboughts reverted- to her foster parents, and the tears that had refused to fall before fell now in a heavy rain. The violence of her grief soon exhausted her. Pale and with short, sobbing breaths, she lay back in her chair like a flower nearly beaten out of life by some fearful storm ; and asshe lay there the door softly opened.,and an old woman in a rusty alpaca gown, a scuttle bonnet, and a heavy lace veil over her face, slowly and silently entered the room, closing the door behind her. It was the Hindoo ayah. The old ayah's disguise was perfect, and Bernice could not have detected under it her mortal enemy. It mast have been, then, some subtle instinct that warned ber of the near presence of danger. She rose up swiftly and silently and retreated toward the door of her bedroom adjoining, her big brown eyes dilating, and her white face, under all its calm bravery, indicating a sudden terror. ' This is a private room, madam,' she said, w;th a gesture towards the door, endeavouring to speak quietly. The disguised ayah came a pace nearer. Something in her stealthy movement re minded Bernice of the Hindoo woman, and she knew her under her disguise. She made a furtber retreat. ' If ou do not withdraw immediately,' said her ladyshia, ' I shall ring this bell.' The ayah fumbled in her, pocket and drew words were written. Then she moved toward young Lady Chetwynd, extending the paper as she did so; and Bernice's sharpened eyes caught the gleam of a glass vial in her hand. The young girl bad conceived an awlul terror of the stealthy Hindoo. She knew that the woman had followed her to London with intent to kill her; and on the moment, as the womanr thus approached her with the extended document, the girl sprang back into her own room, and closed and bolted the door, in a panic of affright. The act announced to the Hindcoo ayah bthat her identity was discovered, and that nothing remained for her but retreat. She made that retreat immediately, slipping back to her own room, and leaving her door aiar. 