«mE OWN FAMILIAR! ,, / "Have you seen my wife about anyiwhere, Acheson? I can't think where she has got to. She's dancing, and she has never been known to enter the supper-room till the ball was over and the horses were catching their death of cold at the door. I' don't know where She is to be found." A ghost of a smile flitted over Colonel lAeheson's face, as the husband of the pretty Mrs Arthur Win ton, who had Just made his appearance on the scene in action of a crowded ballroom, made inquiries as" to his wife's whereabouts. It was not to be expected that he should enlighten ttie^newcomer, though he was <iuite capabfe'of doing so, "for not five minutes -ago he had seen Rose Wanton's blonde head and Jim Duncombe's black cme ! lii unnecessarily close proximity in •one of thos^ ces-y corners prepared by thoughtful' hostesses for 'the comfort of-weary dancers." They were in shadow,' for a big palm'spread wide frohdis over tfyle^ fair head 'and the dark one, and a <3aijnene screen 1 hung with Eastern draperies isolated them from the riest of the wrorld. irnrW I-V.n ,.. f: 1 ""Golonel Acheson was' no spy,' but be coWS not help'seeing them ias lie passed, and wishing,' as -he did so. that Jim' Buncombe's latest fancy bad not been for his friend's wife. ' All the.same he answered Winton's reiteratfed' inquiries with diplomatic vagueness: "Oh! she's sure to Be all right.' You'll come across tier sooner or' later;" and then the music beganto play again, and like flocks of birds -the dancers' once more fluttered iijto the ballroom attracted by the dreamy, languorous melody of the Sven- Kali Waltz as it rose and fell. , \- *£ist-of them jail came Mrs Win ton and 3J_ rf-combe to 'dance divinely" with the «ff'"ers, "arid to become, "partly on account of' tKeir supreme good looks, arid partly Iiy^reason of the "magnetic attraction they appeared to have for each other, the cynosure of all eyes. ^Arthur Winton and the Colonel stood watching them a^ they waltzed to the sweet, melancholy notes of the song so ; beloved by Trilby and'her friends:' *'Oh! don't you remember sweet" Alice, Serf : Bolt?" 'hummed • Arthur just under . his "breath. ' that i was a wffe to iiave -hltd; Acheson," hesaid, laughing, but with just an under-current of sadfifesfeifa Mig%iirth,~ w "'She wept with delight when you gave a? 4ier a sinile.' \ •'. And trembled with fear at your frown." "I'm not certain I Wbuldhave fancited that sort of woman,"- said the Colonel, in>-gruff , but Kindly t6ne£'" ' "I hever ceuld care for 1 any one' whe always harked'to my halloa." ' "How do you do, Mrs St. Ijegfer?" eaid both the both men atonce as a tall graceful woman,-with a pale'face; and a high Jtiara- of ' diamonds crowning a sleek brown head.cameup tothem. She shook hands coolly with Colonel Acheson*; and with a great deal-more friendliness with Winton—indeed, ^there was perhaps a trifle more than mere friendliness in the expression of the Snsset-brown eyes that:: looked' at him so -steadily from sunder their • dark 3aShes.'< ', ..>• ••'•.• • »••• • .. < • . -' •'^•'see' Siosle is dancing hard—having *the>best-of times, as usual," said Mrs •St." 3jeger, who had every right, as a •heteom - friend-, of Mrs iWinton's, to be interested -in her- .proceedings. V ^Ohr-'an excellent time!" answered SlrtblMrCheerily. -He was the lastrman in' the world -to wear his heart upon his «leeve, «ven for Mrs St. Jaeger's benefit. ;*'Sha'l>we,*follow their example, and •fcave al • turn ?" And soon-they were ;dan'o|ng-1ib' the measured rhythm of the waltz of many memories. It was "not"' wonderful that her husbffi^s*#es»ih6Mdftuni^sso^Jf tenln "tlie direction ot-'-bis pretty- wife, for at this! g£j|ie^,career.all men's eyes seemed expression! and smile.; . „ , . ' l > The world -in. general, and her kind to follow' Mrs Arthur Winton with a'd- ,mir£itipn: whenever, she appeared on the pretty, of looks that appeal; mosttp the .masculine heart. There was "no"tragic grandeur abou^ her, no severe, .and- classical.regularity of fate or "form ; fc»t she-w^^air ai^ blooming, as befit-' j^iieai of Flower*.; :£?hgihaA""a. face m^e'oui of arose," and jfriends in particular", called her fasti But, if so, there was nothing premeditayted in her bad. behavior and if she eryed * at' all. it was from sheer high .spirits \- and gaiety pf-heart. If all men loved Jihei%1she lo.vedthem tooinreturn, but ' not.very much;- and, -though , few would v-Siave' her.. the - credit for., it, j^h e ;; preferred^herur^ilent.. undemonstrative husband to themall. As for him;- the statuesque beauty he held in his .arms jjust eapw, cpjuld,;not distract his -atten- . rtipn for -Pne iihonient .from the jfairy- > looking tereature, crowned - with roses. danced ;witli Jim Bun-combe. • • j r •' Thei''waltz -ended at last, and then camfe the Usual stampede of -dancers ' hurrying from this ballroom to rest, to • ; sup, <afiid, in many cases, 1 to flirt; "liet's sit out somewhere, 'Mrs Winton," whispered; Jim Buncombe, as he '"-led his"pretty partner up the somewhat " 'Steep" staircase, eaifc. step of which was appropriated. The landing was <SDHOl,^the lights discreetly shaded; but, ihey were not the first to. discover \;lhat ^haven; ,Tor, two = or. three, loving * cdup?es were' there before them, a of aifairs'that did not-suit Duncombe aii. .•', . ; "This way, Mrs Winton," . he said boldly, and as if he had the map of the house .by heart, while, he led her. up some more stairs to a large and not particularly well-lighted room. The door was : ; open-and he did* not scruple-to go in. at \- It was a nice-enough room,' with a line i ef cupboards'on two sides of it, but, as the most important article of "furniture •seemed to be a large SfeWing-machine, the jaatural conclusion was; tlj.at it was the work-ropm of- their hostess's lady's; maid, and that these presses contained her ladyship's dresses. ; However, there was one fairly com-, fortable armchair for Mrs Winton, and a man so much in love as Jim Buncombe -was- not likely to think of fatigue or to "care whether he sat or stood! " ' Mrs tWinton did not quite • understand that she wias indiscreet to be up there at all,-, and that in fact she was playing with "fire; but as her companipn could do •nothing but s;tare at her, and hardly -seemefr to take in what she was saying, ®he might have guessed at' thettruth. '^We ought not to be hei-e, Jim," she feaid 'inerrily, not knowing she was . speaking tp deaf * ears. , "JSTo! I :don'tmehn' that T am' afraid' of L.ady TVaughan's maid, though I should be sorry | if she fount! us in her room, ^but Arthur would be mad if he knew -wiiere I was. Yes, Jim, mad! You know no" one gives him the credit ior. peing * jealous, because he looks so quief and "' calm and indifferent, and he never 1 would •condescend to worry or bother me; bufc; yr ho..has a. horror of what he calls holoand-cornsr flirtations, and he would be • awfully, annoyed if he came up arid saw me herer-v/ith you," she added, coquet-, tishly. , • ; , A word, a look is often enough at such; moments : tb open ttile" sluice-gates of pas- , . sion, and the little upwiird glance with which her remarks were accompanied, not to mention Oie touch of a small hand ' • —leri^is arrh^ were too much for him. The * next moment she was in his amis, and h "t»ras kissinjg.her passionately. surprise, and then she pushed him away violently. "Oh, Jim! how dare you? how dare you? I shall never speak to you again. I—listen, listen—I do believe someone is coming." With blanched cheeks and an expression of genuine , alarm she listened intently. Footsteps could be heard distinctly on the uncarpeted boards of the narrow passage leading to the room, and. worst of all, the voices that fell on their ears were well-known and familiar ones! "My husband: Cecil St. Leger! Oh, what are we to do?"' slip gasped, looking round the room wildly to discover another outlet that was not to be fouri<L "I know," and quick as thought she unlocked one of the doors of the long line of cupboards displaying as she did so a vi$ta of gorgeous gov. ns hung up by the heels. "Come in—quick, quick! Jim. you must!" She was in before she could remonstrate, and there was nothing for him to do but to follow her. ^ He was not in hiding a minute too soon, for they had hardly managed to get the door shut before the new ar- rivals entered the room. ""What a dear little room !" said Mrs Sti Leger, in her soft, .purring tones, "and how nice to get out of the hurlyburly for a few minutes! You were clever to bring me here — Arthur." Arthur, indeed ! Half buried as she was in the voluminous blue velvet f®lds of one of Lady Vaugrhan's gowns. Mrs Winton was able perfectly to hear her so-called friend, call her husband by his Christian, name, and she did not like it at ,all. "Dear me," went on the lady outside, who was certainly mistress of the situation, ''some' one has been here before us and has left her fan behind her," pickup, .as she spoke, a lovely pink tisather fan,from the floor. "It is very like dear Rosie's lovely fan, but of course it can't be hers." A measured clickclick told its owner that .Mrs St. Leger was fanning herself with the article in question. "I wish I had such a pretty fan," she continued' pathetically."Now I look at it again. I am certain it must be Rosie's: She is a careless little darl but she has her own way in every thing, and; can afford to be careless. I always call her, the luckiest girl I know." "Lucky ! What is she so lucky in?"' asked her husband. "Ah! -Now you:are .fishing, for a compliment," .said Mrs St. Leger, and Rosi could imagine the smile that would accompany her friend's words. 'Tit tell you, Arthur," earnestly, and as if the truth must be told at all hazards, "she is lucky because she has the best, the kindest, the most unsuspicious husband in the world. ' Bear Rosie means no harm, but not one man in a thousand would stand the way she goes on:" As Mrs St Leger uttered these wordsv the half ^stifled Duncombe felt his fellow prisoner give an impatient" movement, and a great jet tiassel hit hSih full in the face. He was smothered in something soft and fluffy* .a bunch of ribbons tickled his nose, and he began to wonder how long he could possibly hold but. It was now Winton's turn to . speak. "I suppose I am easy-going." he said, in curiously"distinct; tones^-*"a fool, in fact. But it has never seemed worth my while to, make a fuss. Rosie is a nice little thing, and I am very fond of her; but after a bit a fellow wants more than that, Cecil—one wants a woman who has a soul, and I'm not over certain that Rosie has one at alL" .Mis Arthur could hardly believe her ears. Could this, indeed, be her husban<i 'who was discussing her so calmly with her particular friend ? No wonder that the jet ornaments that adorned ? some pendent gown were set once more in mptipn, and her companion's face was peppfered py them as if fee ".had been caught in a hailstorm. Poor Arthiir," murnrtired Mrs. St. Leger, after an artistic pause, " you deserved, a abetter fate. Dear Rosie can't help being frivolous and shallow. She was bom to, papilloner la viet but you 'want* something more than that. Like >so many-of us, you, want what you-can' t -get." • • • \- . „ •... "How welUyou understand me, Cecil!"' said Arthur, in strangled tones, that fsoundedrtm his wife's ears full of emotion. "There is but one woman in the world Sor tevery man, and he generally meets her too late. It won't stand talking about". Such was not Mrs St. Lager's opinion. She would have liked talk like this to have gone on all night; and, though she was ready to believe that Winton only suggested, that they should go downstairs because he "was not sure of himself in her' fascinating society, for her part' nothing" would have pleased her more than an impassioned declaration of 'love" and admiration from him. It surprised her somewhat to find his manner waxing cooler and cooler with every step fhfey, took downstairs, and that he seized the-Earliest opp'ortunlty of leaving her once they had reached the ballroim, but she consoled herself by thinking that for her sake alone he wished to. keep up appearances. ' The sound of their footsteps, had hardly died away on. the ears of the captives before Mrs Artliur pushed open,. with no gentle hand, the door of her temporary prison, and stood free once more. Her pretty little face,. usually so sweet and' smiling, was now flushed, angry and much perturbed ; and she had the ' appearance — frock : and • all — of having been paJeked for : some time in too tight a box, and'of having got rather crumpled in the process. As for her companion, with his hair on-end, and his complexion of a deep shade of crimson, he did not look at all like this cool and collected Jim Duncombe of the earlier part: of the evening, and- if he expected some compensation, or even sympathy, he was wofully disappointed. ? :.•"'* His lady love stamped h'er foot at him. In some mysterious way she proved that it was all his fault that they had been shiif 'hip in the' cupboard at all; and then, her mood suddenly changing, she fcold him that she had had enough of this dreadful ball, and 1 in heartbroken accents, and with her blue eyes suffused with tears, she asked him to sea her to her carriage, which,' on the whole, he was not very sorry to do. For some days after the ball Mrs Arthur Winton seemed very unlike herself. She was dull, depressed, and just a little out of humor, although, to her| secret annoyance, her husband, if he noticed any change in "her, forebore to make the slightest- remark. His Rose drooped her pretty li-ead. but •he' displayed neither anxiety- nor surprise, a state of matters that did. not please her at all. • ' At last she could stand it no longer, but. forgetful of- the fact that she had not been supposed to assist^at his tetea-teto with- her--friead. • she reproached him for his flirtation tritli Mrs St. Leger. and accused iiicn of having found fault with her conduct to, Cecil. , "I do know, as it happens," 'answered Arthur Winton, pleased that his wif^ had taken so much.,to heart his sup-- osed treachery to herself, "and! will tell you fairly that you and Duncombe don't know-how to play the game of hide and seek at all. Why, I heard your voicc-s ihe other, night at. the ball before I. got to that upstairs room. We found your fan there. I,even saw your pretty little fingers'"—and here he kissed their rosy tips—"pulling, to the cupboard door. If Mrs St. Leger was not the most selfabsorbed woman in the world, she must e have found you out too. However, she | did not do that; she only believes that I am madly in love with her. She is welcome to think what she likes, so long as you, my little Rose, know better, and so long as I am sure of you, in spite of this last escapade, which, all things considered, was not really an amusing one."— 'World." 