CHRISTIAN BROTHERS' HIGH SCHOOL, LEWISHAM The Christian Brothers of the High School, Lewisham, closed their ' school year' on Wednes- day night. The hall was packed. Many were unable to gain admission. Monsignor O'Brien pre- sided, and with him on the platform were the Hon. John Toohey, K.C.S.G., M.L.C., Mr. J. G. O'Ryan, B.L., Mr. Huet, Mr. F. B. Freehill (Con sul for Spain), Rev. M. E. O'Callaghan, Mr. J. F. Hennessy, Alderman Cobaine, and Mr. John Mason. We also noticed among the audience Rev. father Conway, P.P. (Burwood), Rev T. Long (Lewisham), Rev. Father M'Cambridge, Father M'Namara, Mr. John Baxter, Mr. E. J. Holling- dale, Mr. S. Hinton, Mr. Ascroft, Mr. Marr, and a host of Marist and Patrician Brothers. The manage- ment was principally in the hands of ex -pupils, who, in a most gratifying way, showed their loyalty to their old school. The performance Avas opened by the High School 4 orchestra, undor the able conductorship of Mons. -J A. Hermes, Mus. B. The piece 'Martha' was *| brilliantly rendered. Three pupils, Masters E. \ O'Ryan, J. Walsh, and F. Sidney, then sang 'The | Canadian Boat Song.' This beautiful song dis played to advantage the careful training bestowed - on the boys, and aroused uproarious applause. Then followed Avhat was justly characterized by the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien as a 'unique per formance.' Nine boys, varying in age from fifteen ' to eleven, gave 'Scenes from Hamlet,' as folloAvs : \ — Hamlet, J. Marr; Claudius, King of Denmark, * W. Gemell ; Horatio, E. Brauer ; Laertes, F. Mac- '% kel; Osric, S. Johnston ; Marcellus, B. Holling- /,' dale; Bernardo, H. Danaher; Queen of Denmark, i Arthur M'Hugh ; Ghost, E. M'Quellin. The piece l|I was magnificently played. Master J. Marr, in the ' i role of Hamlet, Avas enthusiastically applauded. , T| His rendering of Hamlet's ' Soliloquy' Avas a J masterpiece of dramatic art. Master Arthur fi M'Hugh Avas a perfect queen, the only peculiarity --' revealing his personality being his masculine stride. -j Mascer E. Brauer as Horatio Avon great applause, .'1 and B. Hollingdale played the part of Marcellus ~-j excellently. ^ At the end of the drama the Principal, Rev. Bro. -'\ M. P. Nunan, read the report. He spoke in hign. ^ 1 terms of the conduct of the boys, and pointed out J^ the consolation it Avas to the Brothers to find their -\' humble efforts crowned by success. The numbers '^ had largely increased, there being 20 per cent, more -i pupils in attendance than last year. He further ]\ eulogized the affeetion displayed by the old scholars, 'c\ Avho did great work in supervising arrangements. ' \ Hi 1 ovfln nnxr.c wnvo rivncontorl ?fnv f Ti a Tuna I fvii tt /%?»?_ ? J-JUjT^*!. KtUJiJ HtlO ^Ji. U(3CiJLLtiV* XVI. 1-UC UU11C U 111 V Ul ' sity Examination. Ten passed ; the only one failing being short one subject. The prizes were then distributed by the Right Rev. Chairman. At the end of the distribution, Monsignor O'Brien spoke of the labours of the Brothers. The unique performance witnessed that night was entirely the work of the Brothers. The Christian Brothers Avere remarkable for their retirement. Only for the Examination results and the annual display they, would never be seen. rIt was his privilege to be acquainted with many men filling high positions both in Church and State in the old country who had been trained by the Christian Brothers, and who always spoke of the fact Avith pride. He then referred to the dramatic perform ance. It Avould, he said, be invidious on his part to single out any of the performers, at the youthful mind might be 'influenced by A'ain thoughts. Nevertheless, he felt that on this particular occasion he should make a departure, as the performance of the part of Hamlet by Jack Marr was so mucli above the level of dramatic poAvers of boys. A gentleman sitting beside him during the perform ance, remarked5 that after long attendance at the Queen's Theatre in Dublin, in which he saw Hamlet played, he Avitnessed nothing to surpass the forensic powers of the youth appearing that evening. Master Marr seemed to grasp all the emotions of the Prince of Denmark. In giving his opinion (the Monsignor said), he spoke with some authority, as during his collegiate course he had often played the role of Hamlet. In conclu sion, the Right Rev. Chairman put a motion to the audience, which Avas responded to most Avarmly. The motion was one of thanks to the Christian Brothers for their work in the region of Christian education. Mr. Alderman Cobaine then, proposed a vote of tlianks to the Right Rev. Chairman. This was Seconded by Mr. John Mason in a neat speech. The second part of the programme was opened by a beautiful quartette and chorus. The parts of the quartette were taken by Masters E. O'Ryan, J. 'Walsh (sopranos), F. Sidney (alto), G. Ferris (tenor), L. Hagarty (bass). The tone was excel lent and the harmony delightful. The only flaw was a little fault of time with the orchestra. The title of the quartette was ' Merry Mill-wheel,' Dumb-bell exercises followed. These were con ducted by Mr. G. W. Renshaw. The time was excellent, and the rapidity of change of movement and the athletic character of the exercises were special features of the item. Then followed a tenor solo by G. Ferris. This song was excel lently sung, the high notes being clear and firm. He received great applause. In dian clubs followed. Mr. Renshaw conducted his pupils through the most complex exercises in this'difficult branch of calisthenics. The perform i ance.was excellent, the pupils swinging^ the clubs | with ease in the wonderful maze of exercises. The | next item on the programme was a recitation by 1 Master Jack Jolly. This boy, who brought down | the house last year by ' Denver's Dream,' fairly I electrified the people by his rendering of Dickens's I 'Christmas Day in the Workhouse.' His gestures, I tone, and facial expression showed all the passions I of the poor old pauper. Calisthenic wands were I then used. This branch of the gymnastic display 1 showed the advantage of such a course of training. I The movements, performed with much grace, | together with the excellent time, brought the dis if play to a most agreeable ending. 