LADIES' CICYLING C0N- DEMNEO- At the annnal me in of the British Medical Association Dr. O'Bullivm, the retiring pre-idant, speaking ot the ques tion of cycling fer woman, vail: — "I wohM fain say a few words wi h regard lo the bieycle as a means of progression for Ndies. In spite of myself I have bee m eonvinc -d that cycling, as gen -rally pr<c- tis'-d to- lay, must lead to unpleasant health results; injudicious use of ihe machine as seen daily <>n our thorough fares ; the racing, the high gear, the long distance, the hill-elimbiog, ihe tension of mind and exertion of body, cannot bnt be attended with serious consequences, and proclaim, with no uncertain voioe, one more a idition to the already over- crowde : list of disea-e-imlnciug agents in female life. No man with a knowledge of special female ailments will deny that thr use of the pedal sewing-machine — ev«n when worked under ihem>st favorable condi tions — is a frequent cause of ill-heai h ; hut in cycling the uangers to ihe indi vidual are inc eased tewfol 1. IT_t-re oerve strain is certainly at i s highest. Pro ceeding along oor crowded street-, the brain, toe eyes, ihe ears, the hands, the f— I, inn-t he ever on 'he alert and -,ct in htrm my, and reinembe ing >he close ki»- s up existing hetwe n the brain and th" generatice organs, he altnsot inrviiabl- result must be harmfnl." "Oriel" in Satnrliy's Argus thus voices a feminine pr itest : — Oh doctor, we've called to consult you, On certain strange Bymploms we feel, We're all of us dreadfully nxions Since you spoke of our riding the wheel. Says the doctor, " Oho !" " Tliat is bad, don't you know ; "Do you feel any headachy pains in your tne ? Are yonr spirits deprerBsd — is your appe tite 1 >w ? Are you morbid and nervous and piny?" And the ladies in ehoiui indignantly say, The idea! no we've not been aff-ote that way, But ths fact is — our noses get shiny. And yonr speech ae the medical meeting We take as an absolute snub. You've given the Salon hysterics And bnrst up the Warrawe- Clnb. We're oppressed, doctor dear, Bv a terrible fear. That those feminine scorch e s whs wi 1 persevere In an eight-furlong bat on a 49 g tar Will be smitten with someih ng tlia ' horrid, With the bicr -le face or tbe r.cinv man's stonp, Wit'i phthisis or eaacer, or typhoid or croup. Or worse — wi h a ra-h on tbe forebca Yet mucu a; wu like yonr opinion And deeply respect your ajvire. We're ready !'» face any ail Q ' lt So long as ynn let us look nice. Weak woman obeys What ths me lico says. With the sweet consolation that her better half pays — Bnt the moment you aBk her lo let oul her Etays ! You aronse quite ihe opposite feeling Yes, detth ere disfigurement prouhy we boast. We are p -rfectly willing to give up the ghost — But never to give up our wheeling. The Mashonas near Furt Salisbury in Rhodesia are again threatening to revolt The Spanirh authorities in the Philip pines are committing terrible atrocities on tbe rebels, applying the raok and thumbscrew in extort confessions. Two British warships have been ordered to Manilla tu protect Bri ish interests. The bubonic plague is still ravaging Bombay, 