511$? ' .MfVAiMIT, «tt.:«y 4.,p..virPUfCOTT P0M»4Y, AWf . :WMt«»-fT IMSMi AMUHOSMVKV'WITfl THB%.- "/. ' . fCrmtipuei.j '.' < . H)tfa|r tango c'np, which latter .lieafe ' BBHr»t tUla moment Is being dandled in < «. hmdi-Vhilo tho fingers P? tho othir beatptpld tattoo upon tho visor.i'.iOotn- ffdMor PolfeVoifldiin yorithisfs a flgnthatheis nervous; yet tolook at Mmtbw, emiUngupon the group, quite n>» though pimarlrins whut pretty plo- 'tore the malm . nn am «-1n mtiM i«> ....... apt to think of. such n thing, . in.BHionient. Rolfe," shouts . fbemfarfrom'u» Imer 'tnom. "Yon r«fty.Wi>«aria"T JI am always reaily, Richard, as yon W«J kn0Wi"i»;Mra.BerTlen'»placldre- tponse. VJthlnk Jnoyor kept ypn wlt- o ranch' aa a moment." , -vv; , "PW»pteat woman In the army or t,pnt of U." Looms: tlie major fromhis \- .iimnotnm, h| jfoytal voice reaonudlng . throngh tho fepma of thobright .garrb-: ,'pon home. "Never knew anything like > - it, Mi«3 ithrio. ' Whj-, do youknow, . even when I wasn't half proposing sho -'paver let me 'finish tho sentence! « .Twasnt at nli what | wps going to psk hei-that day, at leash Meant to . r eventcally. 'of ponrse.'if 'I, over could . ' inhaler np courage, but thiB-timo 1 hud ' only funnd grit enongh to ask far her picture, and I woe engaged q Jess thaq ' ten seconds. r ,. ,\y Winnie Berrien rushes from the par- ' i ' |or into the 1 paternal, den, volnhlo with v. 4 protestations against", such scandalous >' Stories pi mamma's expeuBo: but Mrs. i. . (JerriOn, slowly fanning herself, remains . T " palmly seated, as though impervious to i . these damaging shots, pf ivhlpb every- <fjhody'flsip|8 laughing merrily. J-'.- ! ''!|>(S(iJbly yon tluu't kulieve'irio." again booms tho major, his jolly red fiu-o aglow, as hp js dragged forth fruni tho I ' dun, stjl).. struggling .with, tho slecvo ' llnlioBlof ;|tis priff. "Winifred, my child, I prihand.mo, 'I You'll' never living your lr ; pld: father's gray hrilre in Borrow to the grave by snch unwomanly precipitancy, pnless it's a civilian with ton -'thousand u ' ' yppr: will yon. dearest? Miss Gnthrie, >i | lietrf.c expect to bo a rich mun. I , j asln't t|s pioiiy (ipliprs when 1 fc'.l in ' ' IdVkwitii Iffm Dri'lrifiiey;iU 1 |ind but- ' . tons.on-l we only wijro single breasted \- , ; fts in those days, nntl I was the junior ' , captain.' 1 pledge you my word I never ....' would have had (lis Cheek to offer my- , : >if.. . -Twas tho wuiunu did it 1 was going away. for it week, siu'il I said. -Yon ciin giyo lnu one thing, if. yon will.' 1 '.. ;pniy riieunt jii hog for, that pibtnro, and, . |iyilgyal slid slipped her hand luto inino. 1 was Blinking all over. '1— b-beg par- don,' | stammered, -l was only going to — bog for yunr p-p-p ' 'My promise? . -said Bcrcugiirja. sweetly, looking up Into my eyed. 'Yon have it, Ilielmvd.' Prompt? Why. nhc juot jumped at r.tc. (Splendid nrraugcmcnt. .though, Misa (ipthviu. .She furnislnsl the tpinvtcvB ; ; piid ail the 'money, ami 1 tho vivacity ( . 'nnd be'unty of tho household. nntil Win- i nie euinu; siiu coutrihiuesa little toward jtnow. Untwo'iva niotlbl couple, aren't we, BerengariaV" And the major bends vivith ' playful ' teiideniuss. the1 fun spar- ! l«Mng -in. Ilia eyes meanwhile.' aiid kisKes pis handsoihe helptncet's vosy ulu-ek. i. ' ''Wd liHve few croKies. certaiiily." rc- . pllwKiiU'/errien,' whose own name is > pnythiiig hnj. perengaria. that being, as '.<eha le frctptently called itppii to explain. ' fomo of the major's liistotdeul pousenso. "We, have few crosses, and those of , ponrsed bear. Bnt now." sho continues, ' ( grith iitnol> decision of manner, ;"if yon pre piirtiiy restored tu sanity wo will r-go, or.keop dinner longer waiting. Miss , . Onthrtoy do tliey allow lunatics at largo la the atrcets of iSt. Lords? Major Ber- rleg spokepf getting a mouth's leave this vi winter pi)t| goiug tiiitlier." 1 . eend him by nil means, and ho ' flfall bo treutcd at onr own asylum. .' Fnther wonhl rejoice in him— as I do. '|ln." Berrien." . . Vnil shall I get tho colonel to detail Rolfo hero to condnet me thither und fnra me over to tin- asylum authorities?' Queries tho. major, yritii a knowing cock by pf tiie head. "Kolfe hates city life ns a general thing, bnt ho would accopt that duty, I. fancy." iptptain' Rolfe will bo very welcome. l |ndeet|, I only tvdsli yon might bring the ! whole "regiment, major. Jnst think \- : what a good time the girls would have r litis \vintcr if that wcro only possible." . "Berengaria says," bursts in thomajot '< pgaitv'tthat if I only show yon proper pttention pn this visit you'll bo euro to \- > fiend ns invitations to bring the whole ' family ami epend six weeks at least" "Father, yon ontrngcons fihber|" gasps Winifred, rnebing at him and placing one slim band apon his month, ' wbilo twiqing the other, with its soft . white arm, about his peek. "Indeed, Miss Opthrie, yog most be told tVmi father is perpetually poking fan ai mother, making her eay all manner oi filings , she never thought of. It is all well enough in tho regiment, whare people understand it and are . prepared for his nonsense, bnt many strangers ' pre completely deceived at times, ancj fnommn never so much ps romon- ptrntes." Evidently mamma docs not consider ft worth while. "It would bo wasting time, Miss (Inthrib, pnd we aro wasting time as U i». Ciiptuia llaslett will never forgive yim. Major Berricn,'if you keep dinner waiting another ininuto. - Captain Rolfe, v will yon escort' Sliss Qnthrio? Cemo, \- i . Richard, limrclil" ' -\,m v "After you, Rolfo," says the major, 'S . jiWith a- how. of cxtrp ceremony. "Afte? you." . . . i "Before them, if ymt pleaso, yon blind V ', goose!" ".whispera .his bettor half. ' t:: i VHavon't you senso enough to seo he :waqta fo speak with her and that this y pidy bo the only opportunity?' "What! Rolfo wpnts to talk with , har? Why, Miss Qnthrio," he booms plond, "1 hadn't Ujo' faintest idea"— flut licro the wife of his bosom lays lirra ' hand upon ills' sunburned car and fairly pinrches him forth upon tho voranda. Miss Qnthrio would ! indeed Have been glad to . lead, but Rolfe's hand, trern- plipg s|igjit|y, as sho cannot but noto, is laid upon hef wrist, restraining her. "Wliy didn't yon toll incrybu wafited to ' talk witli Rolfo," Mian ""Gnthrie?" Queries the major over his shonlder, with -every appearance of concern. "I gopjd have ffxod.it ull_ for yon.": "Silence, nek," sternly mnrginrsMrp. Borrieu. t'lhereis nofaninthla affair, and I warn yon— not pnothpr word." Twilight has fallen apon'the garrison nstliey stroll- across the parade. The men have vanished from, the scene, bnt . . the tinklp :'"of guitar, and .-banjo' tells ' where they, have gathered- ''Most of the' officer .are at 1 dinner, . One', nr two couples pre jnat pptering tho gateway of Hatlett's ;/ Qparters— gneptp invited to meet the fair visitor oh' this' tho ; last evening of her stay. ; Dr. and Mrs. Holden can be seen among them, Mrs. Hoiden gazing somewhat anxiously ot Nina apd , her escort, for.it is.plain that. ; Rolfe seeks'' to detain ; the woman to whom bo has paid snch mammal and de voted attention over since tl)o":hour of her hrrirnl. Silence, and/ peace havo spread ilicir.wings abroad, , hovering with the twilight over tho brpad /reser vation, and the Berriens, walking "rapid ly now.as tho energetic lady can, load her expostulating sponso, come suddenly npoh the sight pf the greatgolden moon rising hhflve tho distant bluffs anil peer ing in npon,;, the gorrison_ through the .wide space fhat interposes' between the .pnrgcon's quarters and tho barracks at \- the cast eml. . "Now there |s something Miss Gnth- rio really must see," says Berrien, halt ing short. "As oneof her admirers and entertainers, i feel bonnd to cull her at tention to it" "Dick!— stnpfdl— moyp on ct onco. Yon must ppf. speak to her now. Can't you see?" "See? Of conrso I sec. and I wont her to see— Hint's why C Btop." Again half trasingly. ho atteinp : to torn us tliongh bent on looking br\ 't. Sho promptly whirls him nbont anil.. 'nccs him in the proper direction. "Oh." ho persists, "if it is something about her yon wanted to me to see. cnu't yon understand that I liuvo no eyes In the hack of any head and that therefore 1 should be ullowed to look nbont." "Yon see. sir. and understand tho sit uation perfectly well as it is. You're .simply bent on mischief. Yon know that Rolfe has been her Bhadow nil day long, hanging aliont her to say Ins say. lie knows tliis to bo his last chance. Everybody will bo there tho moment dinner ' is over. Everybody will ehr-i rnnud her. und unless he speaks now h q mast let her go without n word." 1 "Bereiigurin. you amnze me! Aro yon conniving at his capture? Didn't yoti tell mo yon knew sho wouldn't havo him?" "I did: I know it now; hot he is n tuu-.r who wants- to hear his fate from Iter own Ups und pleml ills cause, too, like a man. nnlcss I mil very much mis taken in him. No, sir, dou't yon dure jook Istck." "Poor dovili Why couldn't ho wait till after dinner? she might be in. softer mood then. . I always am. That's why ynvi always wait till nfter dinner, I pre sume. when yon havo anything special tn iu;k. Now tliis will tako his &i;>pctite uway entirely." "As if be had. any in the first place! Positively, Richard, you have no soul above a dinner. When a mun is. as des perately in love ns Rolfe. do you snppose he cures lunch what ho eats?' "Well, seeuis to tne I was never off my feed," is Berrien's reply with preter natural gravity, looking straight to the front now and refusing to meet his wife's durk eyes. "Your with lino scorn. "Yon! Why, Richard Berrien, with ail your amiable inulitics of heart and weaknesses of head, no one on earth woald ever asso ciate you and sentiment in tho same liroatli. fijf course yon and yotir appe tite are inseparable; bnt Rolfo is differ ent; he is a lover." "Well, what am I?" _ "Yon aro simply d goose tonight Come, don't stop at tho gato now; posh right on into tho lionso after the Hold- cus. I'll run up to Mm. Hazlett's room with Nitn." A dozen of the fort peoplo only have been bidden to dinner, for hardly a din ing room at the post Is big enongh for more, and on the porch anxiously await ing the coming of his gnesta is Hazlett "Where are Rolfo and Miss Guthrie?" nsks he us men will ask. "All hero now but thorn." "Coming at once; only a few steps behind us," promptly answers lbs. Ber rien.' "Ran in,. major; III wait for Nitn." Berrien looks as though he medi tated. a mischievous . remark, bnt some thing in her voice and manner tells him that instant obedience is expected. He gives one quick glance and steps into tho bnIL . . Presently, while chatting - with, others of the arriving party, he Is conscious, .of the ewish of skirts passing np the stair- way. The door to the veranda is still open, and glancing ont Berrien can see Rolfo alone leaning against one of the wooden pillarB," his head drooping as though plunged in deep thought . Poor old chap! he's got his conge to- . night, and that's the' end of his two ' years' romance. Odd about, that girl. She fancies nobody." Three . boors ' later, the moon being well hp in the heavens now, and the whole parade shining revealed almost as ' .bright as day, both the verandas and the parlor-.of - Hazlett's cozy hams ere tlirofiged with officers snd ladies, chstr ting merrily together. The lights aiie stillhlnzing in the barracks. The tram- : peters in fall force" aria grouped abont tlip flagstaff sounding the hurt notes of tattoo. >The Holdens have borne Hiss Gnthrie away with them, that the|qdles might stow their evening gowns in the waiting Saratogas and .then don . their traveling garb while the quartermaster's hig wngon tpnndles the luggage downto the vaii\vay station. Presently this lam- boring vhhiclo can be seen slowly roll ing away from the Holdens' gato,- and everybody gt Hazlett's waits Impatient ly for the return of the party. Jibs.' Hohlo'u is deservedly q favorite fn the' garrison; and Njfa Gnthrie, as'hm been! fiiiil. has won golden ppinionB. The evening air is growing chill, however, and of the'dozen ladles present only the younger, the- girls, remain longer npon the rerandt- . About tliin'i>rettk.groiii>, imigiiiug and ehyying, are four or live of the yoijugcr jfficers, Brewster, "the swell -t ;n« mbs," ; keeping close to Winifred Ber rien. Und claiming more and mora of the . glancpa of- her big dark eyes. Down at tho gate, the moonlight glinting on his polished saber, the : officer of the day if \\. exchanging a few low toned words with Major Beirien. . Rolfe, who with silent and dogged resolution ho taken bis place at- Miss Guthrie's side as she came down tlie stairs ;and escorted her to the doctor's, has tnrhed from there and gone lowly., across the parade to bis own quarters on the other side. . Everybody seems to seo and know whut has luip- pencil, and many half whispered coin- ' ments nre bejpg made, not all in sym- putliy with .the . wlllowed lover. Every body ,' respects , ; Rolfo, yet among . the yonnger officers aro several who feel no warmth of friendship for him, nnd. as betu'eon man anil man, garrison girls _ can ..only sido. with . the. yonngstere. Their story of their slight differences is sometimes tolil again .and again:' the eldera' soidom, for. theirs wonld hardly bo. belioveil. : Little by little the chat anil' langhter subside. . '.'Oh,' why doesn't she come . back?" ponts Miss/Bcrricn. "The amhnlances will be here in less than half un hoar, and we won't seo .anything of her."' A chores of girlish voices echoes Winifred's views. Mrs. Berrien onil Mrs. .Parker nt this moment come forth bom tho liotise and look expectantly np the road. "How long they arel" says Winnie again. "What can keep thorn, mamma?' "Packing, I donbt not. my child." "Bat the wngon's gono. trunks anil all. It can't be that." ' . "Still, 1 wonld not bet abont it, Win nie. Has sho not promised to come next spring and pny ns n long visit?' "Yes. bnt who knows where wo may all bp next spring, or whut may happen meantime? Every paper wo get is full of stories of the ghost dances among the Sionx. nnd if there should bo another In- diun war" "Nonsenso, Winifred! Don't think of snch a thing. After all this regiment iias lmil to snffer in Indian battle, yon don't suppose we, of nil others, wonld lie sent from hero to a winter campaign hi tlio northern department? JWo've seen tho Inst of snch troubles. God be thanked!" Mujor Berrien, his interview with the officer of the day ended, lius jnst started to rejoin the group an the vernmln when ho hears Ids wife's pious words. He whirls around sharply. "Oh, captain, there's one thing 1 far- got to tell yon." Anil the saber of the officer of tho day clanks sguinst his leg us, Captain Porter faces nbont. ; The yiunger officers go on with their blithe chat; bnt Mrs. Berrien has known her lord twenty long yeurs, and no sooner . lias tho officer of the day departed than 6ho hastens to join him. "Dick," she fnlters, "surely yon . do not believo that there is any chance of tho Twelfth going, oven if there Bhonld bo trouble? »Dick, tell me." "Bcreuguria, beloved inquisitor," he begins, "I didn't even know there. was a row anywhere." But sho rebukes him by asingle glance, "Tell mo, Dick." she persists, ami clings to his i>nn. "Yon don't think, after all we've been through, that, now that wo are so happily settled here, there Is a possibility of each a thing? It isn't only for myself now. It's— it wonld mean moro to Winifred than cither of us ilrcnms of." - Ho looks at her in silence and amaze. Then— then comes sudden distraction. On the stillness of night there rises a scream of terror— a woman's voice up lifted in tho expression of an awfnl shock and agony. Then n dash towoitl Uoldon's quarters, every mnn joining. "My God!" shouts Dcrricu, "it's Nita Gnthrie." Following tho rush of .soldiers' feet, half a dozen ladies, too, have hastened, Winifred Berrien foremost of tho lot. At the head of the stairs, on the landing of the second floor, dressed for her jonr- ney, lies the fair gnest of tho regiment, a senseless hoop, with the blood flowing from nnderneath her pallid face. CHAPTER a "If hen aid 'yoh share off your Lear d, Knicttulf" Indian immmcr was over nnd done with. iThe soft linze hail gnno. -For three days the wind had been blowing hard from the northwest and tho air was as clear as an Arizona sky, the dis tant outlines sharp as the tooth of the prairie blnsb Colonel Farqnhnr bad suddenly broken , off his' shooting trip, and, without saying why, returned to the post Captain : Rolfe had "cnt" the clab, once a favorite resort and was nincb in Dr. Holden's company— Holden, who was lonely enongh now that his wife and littlo ones were gone. Through out tho garrison there was one leading topic for conversation and conjecture— Miss Gnthrie's strnngo ndrontitra the night of her intended departure anil hor equally strange conduct thereafter. She had remained senseless bnt a few mo menU. : Gentle hands had rats oil and borno her to the bed in tho room she was evidently jnst about "entering when suddenly halt ed by some mysterious cuuso. Here, whoii restored to consciousness, an al most hysterica attack oi laughing and weeping had followed! upon her prnqtr. to ii jj co-vn-H'Kn.j 