— — a—MBragga."1"1 1 trai— — ODDS AND ENDS. Always behind time — Back of a clock. For Arithmetical Readers. — If four quarters will make a yard, how many will make a garden? Mother : Just look, Helene, at those magnificent ruins. Helene : I wonder why, in the old times, they built ruins instead of proper castles ? A small boy recently stole a dent ist's sign bearing the legend, " 1'aiu- less tilling;" lie then went and nai ed it over the door of a restaurant. The editor of a provincial paper talks about his frame of mind A rival contemporary suggests that lie may have the frame of one, but that is all. Father : Everything I say t-> you igoes in at one ear and out at the other. Little son (thoughtfully) : Is that what little boys has two ears for, papa ? Before marriage the question a girl asks her lover most often is : " Do ,n,i 11» 1 wk j-y 1 " a fl-n m iyi n iimio rrn jtuu icailj 1uvo U.IK3 t fllucl maiiiwg the query becomes : " Is my bonnet on straight ? " , Friend : I see you have a broad band of crape on your hat. For whom do you wear it. Mr. Shabby Genteel : On account of the mournful condition of the hat itself. The coming jury. — Liwyer (a few years hence) : Make your mind easy. : The jury will disagree. Prisoner : Sure? Lawyer: I know it. Two of the members are man and wife. i Several children from' the East End of London were out in the country and saw a lot of grass, but one of them : did not believe it was grass because there was no sign for them to " keep off." . I There is a firm of furniture denims in a provincial town of the name of Irish and English." The funny tiling about it is, however, that v'r. Irish is English, and Mr. English is Irish. Servant to hotel manager : The old gentleman in No. 35 fancied he saw a ghost last night. V Ringer: All right. Charge him 10s. extra on his bill. We can't supply apparitions for nothing. Mistres , to her domestic : I suppose you girls talk about etch other just the same as we ladies do about each person in our set ? Domestic . No, mum; we mostly talks about the mistres-e?. Anning : Has Badders made a success of the stage ? Manning ; Yes. He acted the part of butler so well in a play last winter that a ge tleman in the audience at once engaged him for „tbe position in his family. It seems to me, said the manager, that you do the part of receiving the money from the chief villain in a most awkward manner. Mebbe I do, ad mitted the actor ; it has been so long since I had any chance to rehearse with the real staff. A musician, brought to despair by the playing of a lady in a room above his own, met her one day in the hall with her three year-old child, and said in a most friendly manner: Your little one there plays remarkably well for her age. I hear her practice every day. A pleasant surprise. — Presiding jjudge to prisoner : At the preliminary inquiry you denied the accusation, and to-day you plead guilty ; how is that? Prisoner : F-.ct is, your honour, I just wanted to give the gentlemen a pleasant surprise. Rank versus Wealth.— Millionaire : Well my dear Baron, you seem to have an important communication to make. Baron: Councillor F , I am happy to tell you the glad news that it is my intention to appoint you —my father-in- law. | Seventeen thousand vacant lots are held ' idle in New York, i It is estimated that there are 2,000 newspapers in Japan, where 25 years ago there was only one. I " Oh, for a year, a month, a day of Oliver Cromwell, Lore Protector of Eng land .!" exclaim, d the New York Indepen dent in an article on the Armenian mas sacres. The Catholic Union rejoins : — "You can't get even a minute of the wholesale and brutal murderer. The sea may give up its dead, but hell never gives I up its damned," 