COGLAN'S GHOST I '. ? ? * ? Tee many official and semi-officitl meta morphoses through which Ur. Timothy Augustine Coghlan has passed during the last few months, is beginning to mystify Parliament, the Press, and the People, and to transform this one-time plain and nsefal statistician into an in soluble and painful enigma and a public nuisance. The report of Dr. Cbeed's Select Commmittee on the methods of assessment adopted in connection with the levying of the L*nd Tax, only makes the Timothy Augustine Coghlan mystery more mysterious than ever, and recalls Byron's description in' Don Juan of that dubious and unidentified genius, Junius, inasmuch as Coghlan like Junius : — Mysterious changed his countenance, at least, As oft as they their minds; though in full Bight He stood, the pnzzle only was increased ; The. man was a phantasmagoria in Himself— he was so volatile and thin. The moment you had pronounced him oxe Presto ! his face changed, and he was another ; And when that change was hardly well pat on It varied, till 1 don't think his own mother (If that he had a mother) would her son Have known, he shifted so from one to t'other, Till guessing from a pleasure grew a task, At this epistolary ' Iron Mask.' For sometimes he lik* Cerberus would seem — ' Three gentlemen at once ' (as sagely says Good Mrs. Halaprop) ; then you might deem That he was not even one ? Were the public not well aware of the actual identity and doings ef tbis official Flibertigibbet, Timothy Augustine Coohhan, the above quotation from Don Juan ceuld fittingly be applied to him. Unfortunately, the origin and effects of what has come to be described as the ?' Curse of Coghlas,' are too well known, in spite of the mysterious and subterranean manner in which the corse works. We cannot see the mele, but that he-has been busily at' work below ground, industriously undermining, is shown by the traces left upon the surface. Nevertheless, and notwithstanding all that is knewn of the transiegeant and tergiversating Timothy Augustine Cogh lan, he has, according to the repert of Dr. Cbeed's Committee, .developed other and still more mysterious qualities than those already attributed to him- By some sort ef official legerdemain he has -evolved an] alter ego, and under an umbra nominis. would seem to officially masquerade and werk. Like the spectre called up in the Vision of Judgment, which, under the assumed guise of Jnnins, could net conceal the identity of Sir Phillip Fbanois, Mr. Timothy Augustine Coghlan cannot con ceal himself behjn'd a shadow, nor. cause his .adopted 'ghost' to be mistaken for the author of that' which he, Timothy J Augustine Coghlan, is either afraid or ashamed -to acknowledge. Coghlan's 'ghost' stems to have quite mystified the 'Sapient Spiller,' and to have sat upon his official chest somewhat of a nightmare. Here is a chunk from Mr. Spilleb's ex- j animation before the Committee, taken from the 'Australian Star's' published repert of the evidence, the most salient and suggestive portions of which havo been ' Ooghlanised' or suppressed by the metropolitan morning papers : — By Dr. Creed : .Supposing the assessor's re port it not satisfactory, what oourss would be adopted in the preparation of the asssBsment book? I am not in a position to answer. Does that mesn you do not know ? In tome cases fresh assessors were appointed, I understand,'-' You were In charge of the Department f Two officers were appointed to assist. 'What two offioers, Messrs. Locfcyer and Coghlan ? Officially I do not know of Mr Coghlan. Mr Lockyer was appointed. Proceeding, the witness explained, in reply to questions, that these two officers had been assist ing. He believed Mr Coghlan was sent by the Treasurer, but had no word bf it. He had been instructed of the appointment of Mr Lockyer. The Commissioners ware not officially aware of Mr Coghlan'* appointment. He did not know ! that Mr Coghlan n»d seen the books. His work had been supervising generally, and it was not absolutely neoessary that he should see the books. Application had been made for expert assistano*. And in response Messes Lockyer and Coghlan were sent f Mr Lockyer was sent. ' How did Mr Coghlan come into the office ? He was appointed by the Treasurer,' I believe. 1 06 not know. 1 feeliSVs M* fcofchlan Was ap pointed to deal particalarly with mortgages. Has he had anything to do with assessments ? Npt that I am ATOf6 of Then again ^Ir Spiller, loquitur : By Mr Trickett : He had given Mr Coghlan no instructions. He'- had only spoken three times to him. Heonl) communicated with Mr Leokyer, who was the one appointed by the Treasurer. Anything that Mr .Coghlan com municated was per Mr Iiockyer. . ' Thes Mr Coghlan is a;klndof mystery to' you ? Well, I will hardly *ay that. He did not know how long Mr Coghlan would remain. As far as he knew Mr Coghlan did not present any authority. Mr Lockyer did when be cams to the offioe. The mortgagee matters were pretty well fixed up now, and most of the notioes were oat. He was not awaits that the presence of Messrs Ceghlan and Lockyer had made any diffsrenoe in dealing with mortgaged 14 It'has not affected the valuation ? It could not affect the valuation or assessment. It could onlv affect the amount of tar payable. Do you say that Messrs Loolcyar and Coghlan havs not influenced the asiesisient? I could not say that. Have they f . They have acted on the report of the asses '°Yon have heard it stated that the object of Mr Coghlan being ssnt there was (o raise the amount of taxation f I have seen that stated. So far as you know, is there any troth in that statement P ' No So far as I am awars there is not. The same remark appUee te Mr Lookyer. Messrs. PdWJtW. and Johnson, the two S. evidence, 'Mr Timothy Augdstwe Cogh lan, th edeue ez inachina, was called, -and gave his venton '-«f ^is . appointment, the part tie was called upoh'liS' play in the assessment comedy. Here is a choice chunk from Timothy A. O's examination : Examined by Mr.. Trickett witness explained the matters leading np to his appointment in the Land Tax Office. Ur. Beid made a minute that it was desirable to push «h the work. The Land Tax was levied hi 1895, and it was necessary for the sake of decency and . proper order that it should be collected within t reasonable time. The preparations for the imposition of the tax were all made by him before the beginning of the Act. Be believed it wae in July that certain matter* came to Mr iteid's knowledge. Mr Beid sent for him, and put it to him that it was absolutely necessary to push the work on, or the tax for 1895 would lap over, and another tar would be due before the first could be collected. Mr Beid said that he had special qualifications for has tening on the work. He was naturally averse to this sort of thing, having just gone through an enormous ameunt of laber. Mr Reid thought it essential for him or some one of his capacity to assist, and with the utmost reluctance he ac cepted the office, and made the sacrifice of be comibg an offioer of the Commissioners. To do the neceisary work he attended the office regu larly for several weeks. The chief difficulty was getting the assessments and the owners' returns together to identify the aeaessors' returns with those of the owners of the land for the whole colony. He was working continuously at the office for about five weekB. Were you under Mr .Lockyer, or Mr Lockyer under you ? As a matter of order Mr Lockyer took my ad vice. Why did the minutes to the Commissioners go to Mr Lockyer? I was only superior in position. The three Commissioners, Afr. Lockyer, 'Coghlan's Ghost,'' and Mr. Timothy Augustine Coghlan himself, all denied any knowledge of any of the assessments having been increased after they had been received from the aBsesBOTB. Mr. Lockter somewhat qualified his denial in' the fol lowing significant termB : — In some cases erperte had been appointed to revise the assessmsnts. There was no truth in the assertion that the assessments had been im properly added ta or reduced in any way without reference to the fact of' their being correct 6r otherwise. For his part Mr. Timothy- Augustine Coghlan, when first examined, ' indig nantly repudiated the idea that the assess ments had been altered, and characterised the insinuation as 'ridiculons assumption,' but en being recalled the following day he said : — The asseesmeate were set aside in five instances, because they proved to be worthless. He had nothing to 4o yritli it. The.Worfc 'Ws# given to others, who were not told that it had been taken from anyone elss. They were not told that their assessments should be higher or lower. Such an assertion was simply infamous. . The thing wss a blackguardly concoction. ThiB sudden change from a reticent to a communicative mood, naturally created some surprise in the Committee, and brought Mr. Trickett promptly upon the track of Mr. Timothy Augustine Cogh lan, who had, moreover, volunteered the statement that ' we found that one man was mad. That was quite sufficient to set his assessment aside.' Tackled by Mr. Tbickett on his change of front, Mr. Timothy Augustine Coghlan waxed warm in temper and forcible in speech. Queried Mr. Tbickktt : — ' Yesterday yon were reticent when questioned. To-day there is a ohange. Can you explain why there is a change ? Witness : I was not reticent, but when I was asked question* which tended to imply that I wa* an infernal uoundrel, acting, a* allaged, in league with Mr Beid, I resented that. Mr Trickett : . All we oould|get out of yen was that your dnties were of a supervising character. We could not get from you the interesting in formation1 we have got to-day. ' Witness : I am most anxious to give all the Information I can. I have nothing to conceal have no desire to keep .anything back. Yet in the face of these solemn assevera tions, reputable public men and private citizens, expert in assessing land Talues, 1 gave evidence to . .a contrary effeot, notably that rabid Single Tax crank and *' unearned increment ' cohfiBcator, Mr. E. W. Foxall, who said that : £-He was in , charge of the correspondence, re cords and acoonnt*' of th* Land Tax Commit sioners. He had held 'hit preeent position about a fortnight; . before that he was a temporary clerk, and hs re vised assessments under instruc tions receives frodi Mr Lockyer. The whole work was done to the satisfaction of Mr Thomp son. Witness revised the assessments for Byde, Hunter's HOI, and St Peters. ' The result of his revision in two districts was an increase, and in one a deoreass. There is the refutation of Spilleb, Powell, Johnson, Lo'okySr, Coghlan and Ce.'s evidence on oath. What have they to say in answer to Ur. Foxall ? In most clear and explicit terms he declares that he did inorease assessments, and that, too, »]-ting jinder -instructions from Mr. Lookyeb. What has 'lb. iioCKYKB to say in reply to his subordinate ? Will Mr. Lqokyeb dare deny Mr. Foxall's state.' ment? Will he and the Commissioners repudiate Mr. Foxall's work ? ? Scarcely. Then who was it that instructed Lookyeb' to jnBtruot Foxall? It could not have been Mr Coghlan, beoauso Mr Timothy. Augustine Coghlan - denies ' that any assessments were increased by his instruc tions ; and it could not .hare been either' of the three Commissioners, because they are just as steadfast in their denials as Mr Timothy Augustine Coghlan himself. Who was it? Wat it the Premier ? No. Because Mr Coghlan swears that the suggestion that the assessments were so altered - 'is simply infamous.' . Then it most have been some materialised 'ghost' masquerading in ' a 'Ooghlanised ' dis guise. '? Whoever ' did it, vorv prompted it, has been a party to a disgraceful swindle of the taxpayers. r When irrespon sible 'ghosts' ana madmen are per mitted to take a hand in taxing the people things muBt have come to a most parlous pass ; and the sooner suoh 'ghosts/' and madmen ere laid ' and ; incarcerated the ! better it will be . for the country and for the Land .and Income Tax Commissioners, prominent among whom most be inoladea { ; Mr Tiuotoy AuaupriHs Qoqhlan. , 