IS TYPHOID A PREVENTABLE DISEASE / Any man cr woman who has ever struggled through the ten, twelve, or fifteen weeks' experience of a determined attack of typhoid feyer will think (says the Knglish Hospital) we have placed an exceedingly important question at the head nf this annotation. Can typhoid be prevented? Well, either ft can or it cannot ; either it is a disease whose cause we know and can deal practically with, or it remains still one nf those mysteries which baffle scienco and practice alike. Bnt typhoid ia not now a " mystery " to tho man of science ; of that we are sure. It is, on tho contrary, a well under- stood and eotirely manageable and prevent- able malady. Ur. T. E. Hayward, medical officer of health for Haydock, Lancashire, tells bis parish in his annual report not only that it is preventable, but also by what precise and simple means it may be pre- vented. We have had occasion before to express approval of Dr. Hayward's intelli- gence and thoroughness us a medical officer of health, und we commend with confidence bis tersely expressed "Principles of Ty- phoid Prevention," as made public in his report for 1895. " Typhoid ia a preventable disease," says this authority, " It ia a disease of filth, and especially of the filth of human excrement." That is to be taken al the be- ginning of knowledge, the A B C of typhoid prevention, by the unscientific. Tho next step is equally easy. Typhoid is a disease ot bacilli, typhoid bacilli: and the bacilli we find in human excrement, and in drinking water fouled by auch excrement. It ia probable that no mao or woman over takes typhoid except by swallowing some typhoid bacilli. They may be swallowed, as we have said, io drinking «'utor, or they may bn flying about in the air in the neighbourhood of typhoid . excrement, and may be swallowed with mouthfuls of air. What, then, is the first end last command- ment of typhoid prevention? "Cleanliness; personal and public cleanliness." It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean ; if we keep ourdrlnkiog water clear ; if we keep our closets «nd our drains, our kitchens, sculleries, gardens, stricts, and towns entirely cleun, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of us as ia the ghost of King Solomon or thc allude of the cxtiuct Deinotheriuin. 