FALSE ETI1ES0E By E. Phillips Oppkniieim. Author of “A Monk of Cruta,” “A Daughter of the Maroni,” etc. Published by special arrangement with Messrs, Ward, Lock Sf Bowden, Ltd, [ALL RIGHTS RESERVES.] PROLOGUE, The lMt Bally had been made ana re prised, the last shot fired; the fight was over, and viotory remained with the white men. And yet, after all, was it a victory or a mauacre ? If yon were a atey-at home, and read the report from the telegrams in yonr olnb, or in the triumphant columns cf tho daily papers, especially those on the side of the Ministry, yon wonld certainly have pronennoed it the former. Bat if yon had been there on the spot, and had seen the half-naked, ill-armed natives, with the fire of patriotism blazing in their eyeB and leaping in their hearts—had seen them being shot down in rows by the meroiless guns of the English batteries—another view of the matter m'ght have presented itself to yon. It might have oconrred to yon that these men were fighting on their own soil fcr their freedom and their country, and that the spirit which was blinding their eyes to the hopelessness of resistance, and urging them on to resist the strangers’ progress with snoh passionate ineffectiveness, was, after all, a natural and a poetic one. Bat, after all, that has nothing to do with my \- story, Tne battle was over, and lo was morning. Far away In the east a doll red light had surisen from over the topa of the towering blaok mountains, and an angry son was sullenly shining on the some of oarnage. It was a low hillside, once pleasant enough to look npon, but at that moment probably the most hideous sight which the whole universe' oould have shown, The silvery Streams, which had trickled lazily down to the~valley below, now ran thiok and red with blood. The luxuriant shrubs and 1 lgh waving ferns were trampled down and dis figured, and, most horrible sight of all, everywhere were strewp the copper coloured forms of the beaten natives. Thero they lay apart and In heaps in all imagin able postures, and with all imaginable expressions cn their hard, haltned faoes. Some lay on their sides with their fingers looked aronnd their spears, and the rigid frown and eonvulsed passion of an un \- dying hatred branded on their numbed fea -• tores. Others less brave had b.en shot in the baok whilst flying from the death-deal ing ’fire of the European gnns, and lay atretohed about in attitudes whioh in life wonld have lean conical, tot in death were , grotesquely hideous ; and over the Blopicg fields the misty olonds of emoke still lin gered) and onrled upwards from the bat tered extinct shells which lay thiok on the ground. High above the scene of devastation, on a rooky plateau at the summit of the range of hill*, were pitched the tents of thi victors. A little apart from these, con spicuous by the flig whioh floated above it, ; were the. general’s quarters; and under- > neath that slop'ng roof of oanvas a s’ range aoene was being enaoted. ' Seated amongst a little group of the ] anperior officers, with a heavy frown on his 1 stern face, sat the general. Before him, at a iUtle distanoe, with a soldier on either | aide, stood a tall, alight yonng man, in the i uniform of an offioer, but Bwordless. His > smooth faoe, as yet beardless, was dyed i with a deep flash, whioh might well be 1 there, whether it prcceeded frcm shame or I indignation. - For he was under arrest, and I charged with a crime whioh, in a soldier, is < heinous Indeed—it wss cowardioe. I It waa a court-martial before which he I ■toed arraigned, although a hastily im- ' prevised one. Bat soldiers have prompt I ideas of jastloe, and General Luxton was a I martinet in all matters of discipline, i Dlaolplinarian though he was, however, he '■ liked little the task whioh waa now before 1 him. I He looked up from the papers, which 1 Were atretohed out on the rioketty little I round table, with a sodden movement, and < bent his frowning gaze upon the aocused. < o The yonng man returned his gaze steadily, l but the colour in his oheeki grew deeper. i " Herbert Davererx, yon stand aooaBed of 1 a orime which, in yonr profession, nothing < can palliate or excuse. Have yon anything * to say for yonrself ? ’ 1 “ There will be no need for me to say anything, sir,” was the prompt reply. "It 1 Is true that I turned my baok npon the 1 enemy, but It was to faoe a greater danger. a The man whose life I saved oan disprove 1 this oruel charge against me in a moment. * I admit that, frojn yonr point cf view, ap- * pearacoes aie suspicions, bat you have only I to learn from my half-brother, Rupert 1 ; Devereux, why I quitted my post, and what 1 I effected by so doing, to absolve me at 1 least from all suspicion of oowardioe, how- a ever mnoh I may be to blame as a matter ; of discipline." i General Luxton appeared surprised, a i little relieved. "I hope so," he said, not unkindly. , " Boberts, send an orderly to Lieutenant ) • Devereux’s tent, and oommand his presence } at once." j The man withdrew, and there was a few t minutes' delay. Then the entranoe to the ( \- tent was lifted up, and a tall, dark young ] man, with thin bat deoided features, and . flashing blaok eyes, stepped forward. He j was handsome, after a certain type, bnt his ( expression was too lifeless and snperoilioas- | to be prepossessing. j General Luxton looked np and nodded. , " Lientenant Devereux, yonr half- i brother, who stands aoensed of oowariiee in < the face of the enemy, appeals to yon to ( give evidence on his behalf, Let ns hear | what you saw of him daring the recent | fighting." , Eigerly, and with a confident light in his fair young face, the prisoner turned to- | wards the man to whom these words wete \ addressed. Bat slowly and deliberately the latter turned his back npon his half-brother i without notiolng his glanoe of appeal,' and 1 with a soornful light in his eyes. There I was a slight murmnr, and an interchange of I looks amongst the few who were present at j this significant action. < "I do njt know. General Lulton,” he j said, slowly, " what the prisoner oan expect \ me to say likely to benefit him. He oan i sosrcely be so mad as to expeot me to < shield him in this matter on aooonnt of oar i relationship, or to preserve the honour of < our name, and yet I do not see why else < he ahonld have appealed to me. I saw very \ little of the affair, and wonld rather not i have aeen that. I was riding to yon, sir, < with a message from Colonel Elliott; and, \ as I passed trench 4,1 saw the prisoner suddenly leave hla oompany and fan to- i ward* me. He passed several yards to the ] left, and as he seemed to bo hurrying along i aimlessly, I called to him. He made no i answer, but-” j "LurI’ The word seemed harled oat with saoh a i passionate intensity that every one started. . General Luxton loeked np angrily. " Sllenoe, sir 1 Yon will have an oppor tunity of laying what yon have to say presently, Prooeed, Devereux." "As I was saying," Rupert Devereux oontinued oalmly, without appearing to have inotloed the interruption, “ he made no answer, bnt seemed to wish to avoid me. As the message with whioh I was entrusted waa an important one, I rode on and left him harrying towards the rear." With a sterner air even than he had at first assumed, General Luxton turned to wards the unfortunate yonng men who stood before him. He wee standing as though turned to atone, with wide-open eyes, staring at the man who had just spoken, attitude and expression alike be speaking an overpowering bewilderment. “ You are. at liberty to ask the witnesa any questions,” the General said, shortly. For a moment thoro waa a dead silence. Then the word* came pouring out from hia quivering lip* like a mountain torrent. " Rupert, what have-you said! What doe* this mean T Good God, are you fry ing to ruin me ? Did I not run to your *■• ■istanoe because yon were beset by thcie there blackguards ! Didn't I kill two of them and save your life ! Yon can't have forgotten it! Why sre you lying 1 Hilton saw it all, and bo did Fenwlok. Where are they! My God, this is horrible ! ’ The deep flush had gone from his aheeks, and left him pale as death. Great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead, and there was a wild look in his deep blue eyes. But the man to whom he made his passionate appeal kept hia baok turned and heeded not a word of-it. Instead of answer ing he addressed the General. • Ganeral Luxton," Rupert said, oalmly, “ the aooused, in denying the truth of my statement, mentions the names of two men whom he admits were witnesses of this lamentable occurrence. Might I suggest that they be cslled to give their version ? The General nodded assent, and the thing was done. But Hilton was the only one who answered the summons, and on referenoi to a list of the killed and wounded ft was found that Fenwlok was reported missing. “ John Hilton, the aooused has appealed to you to give evidence on his behalf. Let us hear what you saw .of him during the reoent fighting." The man, an ordinary-looking private, Btepped forward and saluted. " I only saw him for a moment, sir," he said, slowly, *sd with a marked reluctance. " I was riding behind Lieutenant Devereox when I saw him lesve his company and pass us a few jards to the left. " It struck me that he looked very pale, and I thought perhaps he was wopuded.” “ He did not leave his company to come to your master's assistance, then ? ’ «< Certainly not, sir. We were not in any need of It. None of the enemy were near U “ Thank you. You oan go, Hilton." . The man saluted and went. There was a dead silenoe for a full minute. Then there came a passionate, hysterical ory from the prisoner— "Liar! Liar! General Luxton, upon my honour, either iny brother and this man are under some hallucination or they have entered into a oonsplraoy against ms Before God Almighty I swear that I only left my post beoause several of the enemy, bad crept down from the hill behind and had attiohed my brother and his s:rvant. I killed one of them, and the blood of the other Is still on my sword. Why, Rupert, you know that you called out, ‘Thanks, Herbert, you have saved my life.’ Tho.e were your very words !’’ The man sppeaied to shock his head slowly and as though with great reluotanoe. The Bight seemed to madden the i prisoner, and he made a sudden movement forward as though to spring at him, " Ob, this is horrible!" he cried. * Where is Fenwlok! He saw it all. Let I im be cslled.” Genera1. Luxtoa glanced again at the list before him and looked up. «• You are unfortunate in your selections," be said, dryly. “The evidenoe of Hilton and your brother, to whom you appealed, nly strengthen the case against you. Feaw'ck Is missing. Herbert Devereux,” he went on sternly, “the charge sgainBt you has been proved. I, myself, at a most oritioal moment, saw you desert your post when it waB the centre of attaok, and it fell to another’s lot to lead yonr men on to the pursuit, The ret so is whioh you have brought forward to aooount for your un warrantable action have been dearly dis posed of. You are most oertainly guilty of a crime, wbloh', amongst soldiers, there Is no pardon, Bat you are young, and I can not forget that you are the son of one of the moat distinguished cffioers with whom it has been my good fortune to be associated. For his sake I am willing to nr ake tome allow ance for you—on one condition you may re tain ysur commission, and, I trust, retrieve this well-nigh fatal mistake in the future. To the crime of cowardice you have added the crime of lying! for that your aooount of the attsok upon your half- brother and your rescue Is a pure fabrication I cannot doubt. The peculiar curve iu the defile behind treuoh 4 unfortunately bid yon from the Said of battle and prevents farther evidenoe as to the cocnrrenoe whioh, you say, took plaoe. But that your story is falsa no one can possibly doubt. The plaoe has been oarefu'ly examined, and there are no dead bodies within a hundred yards. It seems, from your sppesl to your half-brother, that you 6xpeoted him to shield yen at the oxpense of his honour. This He and false statement of yours you must retract If you hope fer any meroy from me.” There was a oonvulsive agony in the boy’s white, strained faoe as he drew himself np, and lcoked half piteously, half indignantly at his judge. But when be tried to speak he oould not, and there was a minute or two’s dead silenoe whilst he was struggling to obtain the mastery over himself. All rx petted a oonfestion, and General Luxton removed his eyes from the prisoner, and bent olose ever his pipers, that none might read the compassion whioh was in his heart, and whioh was reflected in his fsce. Toe words came at last; and shrill and inooherent though they were, there was a ring of genuine dignity in them. • “General Luxton, I have been guilty neither of oowtrdice nor falsehood. I swear before God, on the sword which my. father himself pnt into my hands before I left England; by everything that is most holy to me I s wear that my aoconnt of this awf al oocurrenae is true. Ask the men of whom I was iu omnnnd when I osught sight of —of him "—and he pointed with a trembling finger and a gesture than which nothing oould have been more drama* io to his half brother—" ask them whether I bore myself like a coward when those spears were whistling around us, or when we-were fight ing hand-to-hand after the first repulse. God knows that I did not. ! left nr,y p at to enooonter a greater. danger s’lll. Bitterly do I regret that I ever did so ; but it the only indisoretion of whioh I am guilty. I swear it/’ General Luxton raised bis head, and what there bad been of companion in bis faoe was either gone or effeotually ocnoealed. “ Yon have sworn enough already,’’ he said, sternly. “Herbert Dtverenx, I am bitterly db appointed, iu you. . I was willing to spare your father the disgrace wbloh I fear will kill him; bnt you out awsy the ground from under my feet. You are most certainly proved guilty of gross oowardioe in the faoe of the enemy, fonnd guilty, not upon the evidence of one man, hut of two, and one of those yonr own relative. Cir cumstances, too, are strong against yon, so a-e the probabilities. Most undeniably and conclusively yon are found guilty ; guilty of fal ehood. Yon will remain nnder arrest nntil I oan find an opportunity of sending sn asocrt with you to the Hekla. Year oomnrssion is forfeited to the Queen, whose uniform yon have dbgraoed.’’ Never a tign of gnilt In the prisoner’s oonntenance. Proudly and indignantly he looked his General straight in the faoe, his cheeks red wiih a flash, which w*s not .of shsme, and the wild fnry in his heart bias ing out of hia eyes. “It is not I who have disgraced the Queen’s colours; bnt he—he who has fabri cated and sworn to a false string of lies. Rupert, in yonr heart alone is the know ledge of why yon havo done this thing. Bnt some day yon ahaU tell me—or die.” There was something intensely dramatio in the passionate bitterness whioh vibrated in the Bhrill boyish, tone, and, as though moved by a common impulse, every one in the tent followed that threatening gesture. But the faoe of Rupert Devereux was little like the face of a guilty man. He looked somewhat agitated, and a good deal pained; bnt although he was the oynosure of all eyes, he turned never a shade the paler, nor fUnohed onoe from the passionate fire whioh was leaping from the eyes of the young prisoner. He seemed as though abont to make some reply; bnt the General raised his hand. “ Remove the prisoner.” There was a’sndden commotion, for, with a deep, deepairing groan, and arms for a moment lifted high above his head, be had stsggered backwards and annk heavily to the gronnd in a dead awoon. What wonder! He waa but a boy after all. * a * # # " Herbert! Why, Herbert! Good God ! where did yon spring from!—Ate yen in valided ! ’ The moonlight waa atreaming in throngh the high oriel windowa of the long pioture gallery, glittering upon the armour and oroaaed weapons which hong upon the walla, and caating fantaatio raya down the polished eak floor. Colonel Sir Charles Deverenx dropped the oigar which he had been peacefully smoking, and brought to a sudden halt his leisurely perambulation of this, his favouiite resort. Before him, with drooping, head, with sunken oheeka, and with deep blaok rims under hia eyes, stood hla sen Herbert, who, only a few weeks ago. had departed on hia first campaign, a happy, oareless young anb. Waa it, indeed, hia son, or was it a ghoat that bad stolen upon him out of the gloomy ahadowa of the vast gallery ! “ Invalided ! Would to God that I waa dead!’' broke from the boy’s quivering lips. “ Father, I have brought disgrace upon you —disgrace upon our name.” And he atretohed ont hia bauds towards the long line of piotured warriors, who seemed to be frowning down upon him from the wall. *' Disgrace that you will never forgive, never pardon.” Like a statue of atone the proud old soldier Btood while he listened to his son’s story. Tnen, with a half-smothered groan, he deliberately turned his baok upon him. “Father,” he pleaded, "listen to me. Before heaven I swear 'that I m innocent. Rupert lied. Why, I don’t know, but he lied, I never felt fear.” His father turned half round. “You have been put on your defenoe. General Luxton would never have fonnd your father’s son guilty of oowardloe had there been room for doubt, The charge waa proved against yon in court-martial.” “ Bat, father, it waa beoause they believed Rapert ani his man. The only other men who saw the straggle are dead.” Colonel Deverenx turned away and hid his face in hia hands. “A Deverenx guilty of oowardloe!” . he groaned. "My God 1 that it should have been my son!’’ Then with a sudden movement he turned round. Hia son had sank upon his knees b fore him, and the moon was throwing a ghastly light upon his haggard, supplicating “ Out of my sight and out of my heart for ever, Herbert Deverenx 1” cried his father, his tones vibrating with a passionate con tempt. “ You have brought disgraoe upon a stainless name. Curse you for it, though you be a thousand times my son. You shall not sleep under this roof again. Be go:e 1 Change your name, I oommsnd you I Forget that yon are a Deverenx, as I most surely shall. Tom' linendraper, or man milliner, or lawyer, what you wl'I so that I never see or hear from you again. Be gone, and ourse you,” Scathing and vibrating with scorn tbongh the words were, they seemed to touoh a ohori in the boy's heaat, not of humiliation, but of righteous anger. He sprang to his feet, and held himeelf for a moment as proudly as any of his armoured ancestors who looked down from the walls upen father and eon. "I will go, then,” he oried, firmly. “It is right thst I should go. But, after, all, it is false to say that I have disgraoed your name. It is Rupert who has done this.” He turned and walked steadily away, without a bsokward glance. Out of the swing doors on to the broad stairoase, he passed along noble oorrinors, between rows of marble statues, down intor the mighty dome-like hall, and ent of the honae whioh he had loved so well. And the servants, who wonld have pressed forward to wel ooms him, hung baok in fear, for there was that in his face whioh they shrank from looking •npo*>. Out into the soft summer night he stepped, heedless of their wonder ing glanoes, and down the broad avenne he harried, never pausing onoe to breathe in the balmy night wind, heavy with, the odour of sweet-smelling flowerB, or to listen to the singing in the low oopse whioh bordered the gsrdeus. Through a low iron gate he stepped into the park, and walked along, never glanoing to the right or to the left at the strange shadows cast by the mighty oak-trees on the velvety tnrf, or at the startled deer, who sprang np on every side of him snd bounded graoefully away, or at the rabbits who were sosmpering about all around in desperate alarm; once he had ’oved to watoh and to listen to all these things; but now he felt only a burning desire to escape from them, and to find himself outside the oonfines of the home which he wsb leaving for ever, And not until he had reiohed the lait paling, and had vaulted Into the broad, white road, did his strength desett him. Then, faint and weary, and' heartsick, he sank down in a heap on the roadside, and prayed that he might die. A cloudless summer morning, with the freshness of dawn still lingering in the air. A morning which seemed about to herald in one of Nature’s perfect days, on which to be sad were a orime, and to have troubles absurd. Already the dreamy humming of bees was floating in the atmosphere, and the lark bad given plaoa to noisier, if less musioal, songsters. It was a glorious morn ing. 0 rer the low, iron gate of an old-fashioned garden a girl was leaning, her head resting lightly upon her hand, gazing aoross the plsasant meadows to the dark woods bs joid, with a soft, far-away look in her grey eyes—for she was thinking of her lover. She was dressed in a blue print gown, which Lung in simple folds around her straight, slim figure, a id she had carelessly passed :he long stalk cf a full-blown red rose with in her waistband. It was a very pleasant view that she was admiring; bnt any casual spectator would have declared that she was the most oharming objeot in It. And there was a spectator, although not a oasual one. Suddenly, like a ghost, the figure of her dreams stood before her;—Pale, hsggard, and dishevelled- looking, he seemed to have risen out of the very ground; and it was Very little to be wondered at that, at first, sbe shrank baok alarmed. «• Herbert! Herbert! oan it really be ^ He never answered her; but as the first surprise began to fade away, she moved forward, and would have thrown herself in his arms. But he stopped her. *' Keep baok, Marian," he cried, hoarsely; "keep away from me! I have_oome to bid you good-bye.” , , A swift, sudden fear drove the colour from her oheeks, and ohl'.led her through and through; but she faltered out an m Good bye, Herbert! What do you Oh, tell me what has happened, mean! ^U'‘°The one thing worse than death, Marian—disgrace P And then, with his face turned away, and his eyes resting wearily on the ploturesque landscape, he told her his story. * * # * Mt word had left his quivering i he stood as though in a dream. .._TTo hul b.1.1 1.1a he last and he nuvu a. «uuugu u> a luiaiu worst was ever. He had told his ier and he had told her. It seemed like end of all things to him. uddenly a pair of white arms were __ A Itla nAfik. and a mat red iddenly ft pair or wane arm* were wn around his neok. and a great red wai orushed to pieces against his waiat Serbert T oh, Herbert! how dreadful 1 t look like that, you frighten me 1” , waa striving to free himself, but she Id not let him go. Dearest, yen don t understand 1 This in to me. My father has turned me the house, -commanded me to bear an r name, disowned me. Be brave, ian, for wo must part. I am hero only ill you and to bid you farewell." iU she would not let him go. You trill do nothing of the sort, sir. not be thrown over in that fashion," ■aid. struggling to amUe through her i « And Herbert, oh, Herbert I how )'u look I You'vt been out all night," He did not deny It, but again he strove to diioDgftgo himself* But she would have none of It. _ , , lf •• Bertie, dearest," abe spoke oheerfuUy, though her eyes were atill swimming with tears, “ you mustn’t think that yon re going to get rid of na in this way. Yon ve just got to oome into breakfast with me, and afterwaida we’ll te’lgrrnnie all about it. Come along, »Ir, I Insist.” , He braced himself up for resistance, but he hadjitill to Jesrn that againet a womans love a man’s will oan prevail nothing. At firat he was firm, then wavering, and fanaUy he was led in triumph aoreaa the smooth lawn and along the winding path to the French window of the morning-room, not when he fonnd himself faoe to faoo with the kind old lady who had loved him as her own son, and saw the tears triokle down her withered, apple-red cheeks as she listened to the tale whloh Marian poured out, he felt that he had passed the limits of eelf enduranoe. For more that twenty-four hours he had neither eaten nor drank, and he was sick at heart. Gradually Maiisn felt the arm, whioh she had drawn tightly through hers, grew heavier ^and heavier until at last as she finished her tale with a little burst of indignation, he sank baok in the arm- ohalr, and slowly fainted. But through the mist whioh olosed in upon him he saw nothing bnt kindly pitylngfaces bending over his, and heard Grannie’s gentle whisper— “I believe you, Herbert,” and morev emphatic bnt none the less earnest were her words, whose sweet, tear-stained faoe, so olose to bis, was the last he saw when un consciousness was olosing in upoa him. “ So do I, Bertie, I hate Rupert," and sweeter than the most heart-stirring musio were the following words she added— “ And I love you better than ever. Ob, Groupie, Grannie, he has fainted-!” 