Their Kich Relations. (CONTIATEU MOM t AST IsSDK.) Oil A PTE R III.- (Continukd ) Mi. ('skillsalways look her chocolate in '> l, and Mm Ifayiuan followed her example. Tndec-d, it was nearly eleven o'elock when the elder of those ladies appeared lo greet her guests. Constance was at the farther end of the hall playing at hatticdoro at shuttlecock with Mr. ITureloigh. the Oxonian, and the barrister; while Meg, by the fire, was patioDtly teaching the clergyman's daughters new pattern in knitting. The dark eyes of tail, stately Mrs. CacFilis glanced from tl.e graceful, atomic! Ceii.wiih hat poised on high to strike the leatheredcoik, to thcqnicter, though equally graceful girl, who had risen at her appearance, and then they fell angrily on meek, smiling Mi»a Brown. ' W ho are these young persons ? These ate not my elderly relatives* the Misses Lennox, of Holmersdalo House, Westmoreland.' 'Dear roc! 1-1—hope I have not made any mistake ?' faltered tho JaJy's hum!>le companion, gazing help lessly from one to another. ' l)o you overdo aught elso ? Why have you made mo and yoursolf so ridiculous ? and by what right have you"—sho looked daggers at Meg— " tai-rn Advantage of the error ?' * My slater and I reoelved a note, writtenin your nnroe, madam,' replied Meg, striving hard to appear com posed. ' What could wo thiuk but that you regretted your share in our parents' miafortuue, and wished to ntone for them f * Mrs. Cuseilie gasped with rig® ; but the steady, unflinching look tbat met her furious one checked the nusaer she meditated, and she turned tho current, of her wrath upon Miss Brown. ' I do not know why I rotsiu auch services bb yours! l)o you do these I foolish things on purpose to annoy rue? Where did you get the address of these young women ?' 'X believe 1—I—looked for it in your addrcis-b jok,' was the stammer ing reply ; ' and someone—I—I think it was Mr. flurstlcigb—found for me bd old loiter lie remembered to have seen, I forgot where." 'Mr. Hurstlcig'i !' Mrs. CaBsilis lowered hor angry tones. Alton was peculiar, and would sometime nBk questions she fouud it difficult to evade answering. But Meg, who stood boforo her, as haughty in demeanour as herself, now insisted on being hesrd. • Bo I understand, madam, that you did not intcud to invito us —that wc are here through an error in an address P If so, lets conveyance to ready in half an hour, and my sister and I will return to London.' But Mrs. Oassilis knew this course would provoke too much remark, and answered, suddenly : ' Nonsense; tho fault is Miss Brown's, not yours. Besides, you are not my vi>iu>rs, Lut Mr. Ilurstlcigh's.' ' I am glad to hear it. I can accept hia hospitality, and feel that it is giren ungrudgingly,' ' How very insolont!' exclaimed Miss Hayman, who had been an in quisitive listener. 'As for me, I ■" would rather perish than stay where I knew that no one wauta mo.' Ay, and if Meg had only had her self to consider, she. would have walked straight out of the house, uo mattor who sought to detain her. But Con was unsuspecting, and happy; why deprive her of the pleasures she was oujoy ing? Not even spiteful Viola Hayman could do that. Ilalf her ill-natured sarcasms passed unheard, for Con had not escaped the cold her sister pre dicted, and it had made her slightly deaf. From *)) other annoyancea Meg shielded her so vigilantly that even Mrs. Cassilis dared Dot disturb the peace of this happy, merry young creature, who had a emtio and a gay word for everyone, yet was too in nocent and refined to plav the coquette. In Meg's secret heart another reason was springing up for lingering at Chcveley as long as she could. It was the one, aud alas! the only glimpse of the blighter, more intei-, lectual life from which her poverty barred the highly-gifted Margaret Lenuoi. In epite of Viola Hbytnan's dis dain and Mrs. Cassilis' haughty in difference, or perhaps to atone for their behaviour, Alton Mure Heigh was exceeding cuuileous to both the sisters. He petted Constance, jested with her, and chatted with L<r, spending so much of his time by her side that Miss Ilsyman would grow purple with rage aud spite. As for Margaret, the hours spent in bis society, when ho discussed with her some favourite author, or related some of liia experiences during his trav. Is, would have been delightful but for the coldly-critical ryes that naicbid bt-r ail the while. It was not only Meg's days that were spoiled by the consciousness that she was regarded as an intruder, but the boure tbat should bare been given to .repose were rend ere i wake ful by a conviction that someone or J something—whether a living beiiip or I w phantom she cou!d not tell—j haunted the yellow chamber in theI «t tho uighf. 1 She would h»te been ashamed (o i icbiiowledgo to anyone that she loll nerrous, for who that lives in this nineteenth century, and is en dowed with a fair share of common Benso, believes in the ghosts handed dowu to us from earlier ages ? She could find no traceB of any person or persons having tampered with the lock of tbo door. Iudcod, it seemed impossible; and yet she felt sure that the muffled figure she had seen in tho glass often lurbed in the shadow (brown by the sombre draper ies of the hoaree-:ibo bed she and her sister occupied. She would have burned a lamp, but Constance bad a fancy that she could not sleep with a light in the room, and would have insisted on knowing why Meg proposed it. To divulge to her the feats that wero perhaps, groundless, would be to risk marring her enjoyment of the rest of her visit. Thank goodness—hut she sighed as she said this—thank goodness it was nearly at the end 1 To-morrow would be Christmas-day, an,d after the following one they would bid adien to' Madam's' and Mrs, Cassilis f r ever. Aud yet Meg bad had a glimpse of a life io which all was not toil and poverty that eho would cherish with mingled pain aud pleasure. Those evenings, not spoilt in stitching hasily at old garments, but in con versing with men of intellect, or in singing to Alton Uuretloigh the simple ballade that always held him spellbound would nover pass from her memory—uover! Viola Hayman might, and did, at every opportunity thrust herself for ward j but Mr. Uuretleigh bad a quiet, resolute way of getting his own will, that not even his aunt's word co ild forego, and it had been his will to make the listers' visit to Cheveley a happy one; if he had not been wholly successful the fault was not hip. To morrow wouly be Christmas day j Constanoe, who had tired her eolf and increased hor cold at churoh decorating, had consented to go to bed earily; but eho proved eo feverish that Meg resolved not to | follow her example till she had ad- i ministered another dose of a specific Miss Brown had come to her door on tiptoe to offer. ' It had been a trying day to Meg, | She was anxious about ber Meter, who inherited their mother's delicate constitution. Mre.Cassilis, aftor an interview with Mr. Huretieigh, had glowered at both the young girls as if she hated them ; while MIm ITay* man, for motives of hor own, had mocked and tauutod them, and striven in so many ill-natured ways to make them uncomfortable, that but for a warning whisper from Meg, Con would have retorted and left tho dinner-table iu trars. 71 was euoh poor, such petty spite 1 If a mistake, for which they were not answerable, bad brought them to Madam's, it was only for two efcort weeks, and was not this the season of good-will ? (To J1K CONTINUKO.) 