A DETECTIVE'S REMINISCENCES. No. 3. A CUNNING WOMAN. Published by arrangement with Ward, Lock, and Bowden. [All. EIGHTS RESERVED."] Br B» T. CABSON. I had scarcely begun breakfast one lovely May morning, and, having nothing Bpecia.1 on hand, was thinking of a trip over the Mersey with Maria, when she rushed into the room in a state of tremendous excitement. ... . . . " What do yon thine has happened,' Saui s I declare I'm strack all of a heap,'-' and Maria flopped into a chair, fanning herself vigorously. ••Soyon dont want to know? Well, then, IH l<» y ®nt. For a detective, yon're Te o the n queerest. find man on earth. You're never curious. If it wam't for me we should starve, for yon would never know anything." A knock at the front door put an end to her tantalising remarks. ••Poor dear! Of course Sam shall do his best for yon; come in and tell him all about it," I heard Maria say in the "Oh, Mr Smart, my father has gone! He has not been in bed, and I fear he has drowned himself. I went to our school conversazione last night, and was late home nearly eleven. I called * Good night!' at his door, bnt got no answer. I thought he was asleep, and didn't call again. This morning as he didn't come down, I went into his room, and he wasn't there. The bed had not been slept in. What shall I do ?" and the poor girl buret into tears. "IwiUdoall lean for yon,Miss Ellithorne," I replied. '-Can you think of the likeliest place to which he would go ?" " No; so far as I know, he has not got a penny in his pocket, and we have no friends in Liverpool." "Well, it will not be difficult to trace him; such a man as your father would be soon noticed in a strange neighbourhood. I will go off at once, and make inquiries." The girl thanked me, with tearful eyes, and I set out for Dale Street, in the hope, that the police had got hold of him. Mr Ellithorne was a harmless lunatic, well known to all the children in " our street," for he generally had a_ store of eweets, nuts, or fruit of some kind, with which he made friends with the little ones - he met on his daily walks. He was re-' jiutedly well to do, and lived with his only' daughter at the big house at the corner of the street. Five years previous to the date of my story, he had married, as his second wife, a handsome, showy woman, irhom he had met at Llandudno, during his Ennunersojoumatthatbeaufaful wateringplace. Dora Ellithorne resented the idea of a stepmother, and refused to be friendly. A few days after the return of the newlywedded pair from their honeymoon, a rakish-looking young fellow • presented himself at the honse, and, to- Ellithorne's astonishment, was introduced by his wife as "my son Edward." He took np his abode with them, professed to fall in love with Dora, and so well did his mother play.her cards, that Ellithorne nevjsr hinted at the idleness and dissipation in which the young man indulged. persecution of: Dora becamn so persistent that the gild j was thinking seriously of leaving home when a startling event put an .end"to her; trouble. A book-hawker called .at the house one day, and refused to go away until he had seen other mistress or master. " Bother the man! I've a mind to send > for the police," said Mrs Ellithorne, going to the door. "Sophia!" "Jacob!" "I've found you at last; Aye, and I don't mean to lose you again i" • - He walked into the kitchen, put his pack on the table, and sat down. Mr Ellithorne had overheard them, and, striding into the kitchen, said— Sophia, who is this man?" I am her husband !" " Then take taer away, or I will send for a constable." "What? Have you married her? Well, this it rich! Didn't think you were so clever, Sophia, I really didn't. I shall estimate you at a much higher value, in' future. But, as this gentleman says— though he might be a leetie-more polite over it—yon had better Blip it I -don't' want my name in a police court. The Bam fords are a respectable family.". "I don't know you—nevarsaw you before in my life I" shrieked the woman. s " I like that. If I get hard up HI send you on the boards. Ah, here comes Edward; will he deny his papa ?" The young man did not «ee the stranger till he entered the kitchen; theni&e; recognition waB evident. " My eon Edward" gave vent to a prolonged whistle, and eat down with an air so dejected that bis " papa " laughed. " Ain't they glad to see me, now ? Em eony for you, my boy, Fm sot -going, to keep you. Come, Sophia, look spry,-and get ready to go with me." - " Send the girl for a constable, Dora," said Mr ElUtiinmc, " I will go quietly, if I may take my clothes," said the guilty-woman. " Such as yon had when I met you—no more. Send for a'constable; Dora." The servant was not long in finding a; policeman, and under his watchful eye, " Sophia " packed -up her clothes, and the packman and his wife - went away 'in a cab. The Ellithornes were residing in the suburbs of Manchester at • that time, but Dora persuaded >"»*• father to remove;to Liverpool, and they came to the big house at the top of our .street. Mr Ellithorne became melancholy, and gradually his brain seemed to give way,but hewas quiet, and easily managed. Four years had passed since the detection of the scheming Sophia and her son, and nothing had been heard of them." But now, somehow or other, X. at once jumped to the conclusion that the -woman, or her son, were connected with Ellithorne's disappearance. All my inquirieB in liver^ pool proved fruitless, and thoughTI enlisted tbe assistance of; two of the 1 best detectives in the town, our utmost^Jforts failed to give us the slightest cine to'the mystery. Two months elapsed, and one evening Dora came to me in great. agitation. She had received a letter signed "Sophia EUithome," in which the-writer intimated that if " no trace is discovered of my husband, Marcus Ellithorne, within a year &fter; Mb death, I, as executrix appointed bj his will, shall apply for letters of ad- "unistration." " Do you know if your father ever made a will?" I asked the*troubled giri. '•Yes, he did, soon after his marriage with this woman.- But she committed bigamy in marrying him; Eurely she cannot do as she says?" "Unless we can prom the bigamy, and that will be vaiy. difficult;-X fear*: Itis evident she is notafraid of the fetfokhawker's interference tins time. ' He may he dead, and she thus free to carry out her nefarious plans. If yon like, I will go to Manchester onyour behalf, and, ifpossible,: ascertain if Bamford is really dead,-.and when he died. - If I could obtain jiroof of hit marriage to the woman, she would he: powerless." " Go by all means, Mr Smart; Ishallbe glad to pay all your expenses, andforyour trouble." -."•' .. •• • I might as well have stayed &t; borne. The address given in the.letter was fictitious, the house beingempty, with "to J let in the window; and I returned to Liverpool, rather savage at having been duped by a clever woman. A few nights after my return, Dora came again to soe me, and. unfolded another phase of the strange case. " My sen Edward" was in Liverpool—had'even been to the corner house and sought an interview with Dora, but as soon as she saw who the servant had admitted she sent for a constable, and Edward Bamford at once left " I wish you had sent for me instead,' I said, not a little chagrined to feel that I had lost the chance of seeing the fellow. " If he has any special reason for seeking the interview he will try some other plan," I said," and if he does, let me know at once." My surmise proved correct. Two days afterwards, Dora received a long letter from the crafty son of a scheming mother, in which he unfolded his plans. " MY DABIJNG DORA,—Pray do not heed the threats of my mother about father's property. I can extract the sting from the old wasp. If you will only consent to marry me I will put it out of her power to hurt you. I love you very.dearly, as I have often told you, and will do my utmost to make you happy. H you are so foolish as to refuse me this time, mother will take everything, for, as you know, all was left in her hands in the will." I read the letter aloud, and when I came to this statement Dora said— "That is not true; I was to have half. Perhaps he does not know that father told me what he was going to do before: the will was drawn up.. And, besides, he gave me an attested copy, which I have safe in my drawers at home." "Tour father was prudent, Miss Ellithorne," I replied. "Take no notice of: that letter." At the end of August I took advantage of having no job on hand to take a walking tour into North Wales. Going by to Denbigh, I waited thence to Corwen, and next morning Btarted for Bala, thinking to - ascend Coder Idrifs. But on arriving at the pass of Talyllyn a black cloud gathered over the mountain, and -before I could reach the little puhlic-houBe at the foot, 'by the fake, I was wet through. The landlady, who could speak a little English, dried my clothes, and was so kind that I decided to stay sill night, and try to ascend the mountain at an early hour next morning. In the afternoon, with a rod and line, lent me by the good landlady, I caught seven lovely trout in the lake, and was enjoying a couple of them fried for my tea when a stout, rosy Welsh girl came to the kitchen—where I sat, having declined to have the best room disturbed—-for some milk, the landlord being farmer as well as publican. I noticed that the girl looked it me very closely, and the two women j held an earnest conversation, in which I caught the word " trout." " The girl was ask me if I think you spare one fish, for the sick gentleman .she was attend at .the cottage up the. valley. Poor man! He was a loonatic, but no harm in him, for sure." I was about to launch forth into a string of questions about this sick lunatic, but checked myself in time. " Certainly; she can have not one, but a couple; give her two of the largest." The girl was profuse with her thanks, in Welsh, and wentaway with her rosy face lighted ,np with happiness. ~ The poor old gentleman will have a nice supper," said Mrs Jones, " if that nasty keeper do not-ieai the trout. But; Gwenny will not let bim, if die do know." " Is he very old?" "The gentleman? ~Ko; not older than me; but I was think-he not live very long. He was fret too much." " How long has he lived in the-valley?" "I keep no count; maybe three months"; " I -asked no more questions, fearing to excite any suspicion in the mind of lbs JoneB, not being sure that she was not on friendly terms with tie " nasty keeper." Next morning I ascended Cader Idris, stayed another night at the inn, saw Gwenny, heard her tell Mrs Jones that the trout were agreot-treattoithe "loonatic" old gentleman—the girl spoke in English, for my special -edification—and .next morning started for Bala. But on arriving' there I took the train home, and lost no time in steps to liberate Mr Ellithorne from his imprisonment in the Welsh mountains. But I found it a far more difficult task X had imagined. Mr Biddell, to whom I went for advice, Baid it was very easy to get-such a man as Mr Ellithorne confined as a lunatic, but not so easy to procure his release. " First you must discover at whose instance- he has been cent from home, then the doctors who signed' the certificate of insanity. If there-has. been any .-irregularity you: might succeed in getting the liberatedbyan appeal to the Commissioners. Thereis one way of accomplishing your object, but it is risky. Tate a regular detective with yon, see the keep«r, ask him for his-warrant for the. detention of Mr Ellithorne, and if it-is .regular, go away as thoughyou ware satisfied. Then return with two or three stout men, and carry him off by force. That woman and her son will not dare hake any proceedings." Of course I took the lawyer's -advice, and asked, an old. friend in -the Liverpool detective force to get aholidayior a few days, and go with 'me, telling him the object aof my journey. : "EUithornef Why that is Dora's father!" Ah .! What -do you- know About Dora Ellithame? " I asked in surprise. My eon George is'in love with her, and the courtship -was going on ^swimmingly till her father^disappearance.-.; Since then she has -refnBed to listen to him; Mid he is in a "terrible way. I have more than once offered to take the case in hand, but George IB foolish, and has -high notions. He has probably told the girl that his father is something better than a detective, -or; at all events, led her to so.. I shall be delighted to . go with you, and it will be Btrange If we two are not a match lor. that Unscrupulous woman and her cur.-Jof 4L •on." Onoe more I.was at the little publichouse, and startled Mrs Jones by asking her the . way to. fhB cottage of the "loonatic." " It is by a big beech-tree, about a mile up the valley," sh e saad. There was no one,in sight as we reached the cottage, and X rapped loudly at the door. . Gwenny opened it, and the moment 1 asked- for Mr Ellithorne, the '"nasty keeper" appeared. To my surprise, he seemed to be a doctor, being falrlywell dressed, and -having : that profesaomal-.air so .often seen in the followers of Esculapius. :« Mr Ellithorne is too ill to he seen," he said, in the blandest of tones, and he was about to "dose the door, when I stopped him, and to his evident -anger, we walked in. "BeforeVe go, we intend torsatisfy ouredves that he is .kept here by' lawful authority." ," JuBteo; please come'tiiisway.*' He ushered r us into his 'own^ssXictuni, a pile of books showing liowhe whiled away his time in that .dreary place.' :TTanding me hiB card, he tegjged us to.-be'Beafced. "Dr. Joseph DarraU." was rather above the middle size. Withalargehead/deepset eyes;andm«B8iveforehead, his-face -hadthje«ven heel thy look of»*wi31-ehayed Quaker; t but tronr the :watchful, £anti0nE glance, that ** spying all seemed nought to spy," the ready smile on the iips.'ftwhilSi there was <none<n the"«ye8,\tmd1t}ie?iajjyi' -change of connianance, r$nspeS»d him to be a long- headed, scheming,iiollow-hearted man, who would do anything for money, if -not too dangerous.'-" lie answered.'all-Amy, inquiries-in ' a - so. plausible -and studiously oandid, that I was sure he was acting a part for some purpose or other ; and whenmyfriendiiandedjut card tothe doctor,- his face- underwent a sudden thorne," he said," or l shouldhave refused to' - answer any of your impertinent questions." ™ Thereis no lady entitled to thai name,' I replied. " The woman who has imposed herself .upon you as your patient's wife admitted that her marriage with hum was a. bigamous one, and if you have any reputation to lose, you will take my advice, and back out of this little conspiracy at once." "X shall do nothing of'ihe kind compelled by law, which at present is on my side. Tou are intruding, and I will thank you both to leave my honse." " Is • Mr • Ellithorne under restraint in this honse on the plea of his bong insane?" I asked. "Tou are here without a particle of legal authority, and again I must decline to answer any more questions. Will, you leave the house ? " As there was nothing to be gained just then by staying, we left. "That doctor is an unmitigated rascal," said my friend Telford: . " He may remove our friend if we are not careful." Then why not take him away now? Surely we are a match for hi™ ? " " Tou did not see the two big fellows in the garden? I did; or I should not have left BO quietly." "Then what is to be done now?" I asked, rather annoyed that his eyes had proved sharper titan mine. " I would -suggest -that you return to Liverpool at once, get four good men, whom you. can trust to stand by us in a scrimmage, and then return. I will stay here, and if this rascally-doctor attempts to: take Mr Ellithorne away I will stop That is certainly the best tiling we can do, Telford/' I replied. I was rather dubious about appealing to brute force in carrying out the -release of Dora's father, and though I had full confidence in the advice of Mr Biddell, I called on a 'barrister for whom I had successfully done some work, of a rather difficult nature, and asked his opinion. I found the barrister at his chambers near the Exchange, and though rather eccentric, and brusque, he showed both good sense and good feeling in the course of our conversation. After listening patiently to my story, he read to me the MS. note of a case in which a supposed ""^""i had been carried oft by force from his keepers, and a villainous conspiracy to deprive him of his!liberty thereby.exposed. This .was done. without note or comment, bnt I knew that the barrister meant it as a hint to me, though he would not commit himself by open advice. I was now satis hed, and had no difficulty in engaging the services of six stout fellows, the prospect of a nice outing and a sovereign each for two days' work bong, as one of-them eaid, " a regular - Godsend." v I so timed our journey that we reached Talyllyn when darkness was Betting in, bnt on nearing the pnblic-house, Telford came out to meet ns. It is fortunate you have brought so many assistants; the job will not be an easy .one," he .said. The doctor answered my knock at the door, and said his patient could not be seen; but 'I pushed in, declaring peremptorily that I would see him, and before either of his big keepers could interpose I rushed upstairs, and reached Ellithorne's room, which Telford had indicated. The door was locked, bnt with a vigorous lunge with my foot I burst it open, and entered. " Smart, I knew you would find me some day; have you come to " " Tes, come down at once, we shall have to fight our way out." Here the doictor entered, shut the door, and setting his back against it, declared that the gentleman should not stir. But my fellows had overpowered his assistants downstairs, and tied up, so that he was now alone.. The doctor made a strong, fight, but I tripped him up. Ellithorne downstairs, and I after him. There we found Telford struggling with Gwenny, who took the side of her master the doctor. She was a strong Welsh lass, and kicked, and bellowed, ana struggled in such a way that Telford would never, have managed her but for the assistance of one of my men, who seized her round the waist, and thrust her into a pantry, where I turned the key upon her. Telford had his coat torn, and the man got a black eye, a scratch j all down one cheek, and sore shins from the valiant giri. By this time the carriage I had ordered from Corwen had arrived, followed by a little grpup of farm labourers from the public-honse. It was almost dark; the carriage lamps threw a partial light on the men, mairing them appear more numerous than they were, and the doctor thohght he ~ could stUl prevent UB getting away. He could speak Welsh fluently, and from the bedroom window harangued the men, and if we had not hastened away a reecue would 1 doubtless have been attempted. - Judi .as; we started, one of the keepers who had got free from his cords, came out screaming "Murderl" at the top of his voice, and before we had gone -a hundred-yards we heard them after us, the doctor's voice being loudest. -Stones began-to fly, but the driver whipped HIB horses, and we got away safely. We reached Corwen too late for the last train to Liverpool, and were compelled to stay tiiere all night, bnt we heard nothing of Dr. Darrell, who -was doubtless afraid to appeal to the police for Next day we arrived at home, and great was the joy of Dora on feeing her father. He was so afraid of being again kidnapped that he seldom went out for the remainder of the summer, even when his daughter would offer to take him for a walk. Nothing was hessd of Mrs Bamford or her precious son, but I guessed they had not entirely given up the game. Mr Ellithorne and Dora had been to church one Sunday evening, leaving the house in charge of the servant, but on their return they found her in a state bordering on distraction, the house having been entered and robbed- .during her absenoe. Her sweetheart had called and persuaded her to go for a short walk. I was not-away more than half an hour," she said, and when Dora, sent her for me, she was afraid, and went home jncfr-nml Finding the giri did not return, Dora first , of all tried to ascertain what had been stolen, and soon came to the conclusion that the thieves had some knowledge of the house. Then she came to me, and I went back with her. I could almost believe that Jane herself is the robber," she said, as she showed me the broken drawer in ber father's big' chest, an oak one, dated 1694, and in which he had kept his valuables. I am inclined to think yon have been visited by Mr Edward Bamford,"! replied. Tou are right, Mr Smart, for the copy of father's will has been taken, but I don't see that will do them any good. He'can mn.Va another." Mr Ellithorne had recently shown symptoms of increased Boftening of the brain, and I felt certain that-no lawyer would now consider him in Boupd mind, and as gently as possible I told her so. : " I don't think there is any -cause to be irneasy," replied the brave 'giri. " Jb. Bland, the lawyer who drew np the will, will have preserved a draft,and l ean get (another attested copy." vc.'.'. . '-.--. t But here again Dora was destined to be disappointed, for on writing to Mr Bland next dayshe received a reply to the effect that he died on the previous Friday,- and no draft of the will could^e^tound wotng; his papers. .-: V "His death was knowntotheBamfords, and this robbery plaiinedi? I:B5id. «a: jnuBt , see yonr . .servaiit^ymhaps , . her. aetateoE terror when I was shown in to -see her. ' *'Toumust come back to.yourplace; no one will harm you if-you tell the -truth," I . -She went back with me, though evidently by Dora, I asked the girl who and what her sweetheart was. She blushed and hesitated, but on my saying she must tell us, she said: " Tfin name is Daggers, and he lives with his -/uncle, Mr Kelly, the grocer at the corner of -this street." "Then it is useless suspecting him," said Dora, "for he is in every way an ostimable. young man, a teacher in the Sunday school, and Jane-is to be congratulated on having secured his affections." The girl brightened up on hearing this, but was again disturbed by my question if Mr Daggers knew that in taking her for a walk she had left the honse unprotected, contrary to express orders, "No, he did not know," she tearfully replied^ There was nothing more to be done that night, and in the morning I went to Dale Street, and luckily finding Telford in the office, sought his assistance in detecting the thieves. He agreed with me that it was another move of the Bamfords, seeing that besides the copy of will, only a gold watch had been taken. We decided to send a description of motfcef and son to the Police Oaxettt, as the best means of discovering their whereabouts. But the winter'passed, and we heard nothing. Mr Ellithorne was daily becoming more childish'and helpless; the doctor said lie would not live long. One evening when 'I returned home to tea, tired with a long walk in the country, Maria met me in a state of excitement and exclaimed: You're never here when you're wanted. MIBS Ellithorne was here this afternoon, and very much put out that you were not at home. She wants to see you at once." ' Send Jane for her; I want my tea." ' Oh,-Mr Smart, I have seen that horrid man!" What, young Bamford ?" " No; his father." "Where? Are you sure it was heP" " Quite sure; he was coming up the street as I was standing at the door. He passed me as if he had never seen me before, and I was so surprised that he must have noticed my face. I ran here at once, thinking if you happened to be at home yon might follow him, and ascertain if -he has any knowledge of that woman." I fancied she had been deceived by a chance resemblance, bnt she was positive as to the identity of the man with the Mr Bamford who had claimed his Sophia five years before. Next morning Dora rushed into our house by the back door, n-rplaiming— . He has just gone up the street!" I seized toy hat;-ran out, and was in time to see a man turn the corner. I caught him ere he had gone far, and grasping his arm said— A word with' you, Mr Bamford, if you ' That is my name, but I have not the pleasure " "I know that. Tou admit your name is Bamford ; will you return with me to see Miss Ellithorne ? She is very anxious to see you'for a few minutes." -* I really do not know any lady of that name, and I am in a hurry, but if I can be of any service " " Tou can; Mr Bamford;, perhaps you have forgot the name. Mr Ellithorne is the gentleman who innocently married Mrs' Bamford — you will understand >w." " Not quite; I am more mystified than ever. As far aB X am concerned there is no Mrs Bamford!" We had reached the house; and he had followed me in without the least'sign of trepidation. " IK this the gentleman, Miss Dora ?" She looked puzzled. " Is your name Jacob Bamford ?" I asked. No, Jacob is my brother, or rather was: he is dead." Ton may still render this young lady that assistance which no one else can. Can you tell us where your brother was married, and when ? Also where he died, and how long since?" I don't know that I have any objection ; I was present at his marriage, winch took place at Bury Parish Church on—let me see, the 14th November, 1853. He died in October last, at Ashton-under- Lyne, and I was present at his funeral." Was his wife there ?" No; she had left him again, and only knew of his death after the funeral." I now gave him a brief acoount of the doings of the woman and her son, and concluded by expressing a hope that he would assist us in nnmimlring the schemers, when they deemed their plot ripe for execution. "Certainly I "will; this is my private address, and I may generally be found during the day at the office of Paterson and Co., in Water Street I told Jacob he was marrying a bad woman, but he did not believe me. That young scamp - who calls himself Edward Bamford was her child by a former -husband, at least she told Jacob so after 4hey-were married. She had lost the certificate of the first marriage, but we believed there had been none to lose." " Do you remember the name she gave when she was married to your brother ?" " Tes, Forshaw; she said she came from Ijymm, in Cheshire; but Jacob found a pocket Bible in a drawer, and it was given to her at a Sunday school at Wellington, in Shropshire." Dora thanked him very cordially for the information he 'had given us, and he was gratified to find that she had thoughtfully sent for .a cab, to enable him to get to the offioeintime. I suggested that I should go to Wellington and get all particulars about Sophia Forshaw. Would it not be best to obtain certificates of her marriage and her husband's death before troubling about her antecedents?" asked Dora. " Ton ought to become a lady detective. Miss Dora. Tou are quite right, and I will go to Jay." I bad no difficulty in procuring copies of both-certificates that- day, and returned home -that night to find that Mr Ellithorne iad'had a paralytic stroke, and was not expected to live many hours. \- Early in the morning .he died, and his brain seemed to brighten up just before death, for he told Dora to beware of the woman who had embittered his later years and shortened his life. The Bamfords must have had a spy in the neighborhood, for by the evening's post Dora received a letter signed " Sophia Ellithorne," jnfnmni^ng- that the writer, accompanied by her son, proposed to extend the funeral of her deceased husband, and expressing a hope that for the. ^ake of decency no opposition would be made by Miss Ellithorne or her friends. "Let her come,by all means,"I said; " she will no doubt produce the will, and have such a reception as she little expects, To make the exposure -all .the more complete I will go to Wellington to-morrow, and in the meantime George's father will take care that you are not molested in any way." . Thinking it likely that the police would know something about such a woman, I went there first on arriving at Wellington. ; Sophia Forshaw ? Tes, we do know a little about her. She receives a handsome annuity from Mr Allerton, a wealthy squire in the suburbs -of the town. Hxs son is the father. of a boy she bad, and the foolish young fellow^wbuli^o doubt have -married 4ier if hiB father Jiad not got wind of the affair, the lad -being - only nineteen. The jannuily . wonld have ibeen stopped long since,-but die sent such pitiful letters that JIiv Allerton was induced to continue it. \HiBre is.eheP? •-. - -. - Xtold himattlknew of hsridoi ^ I wish you ..would go to ^Mx and tell him,*' said tiie superintendent. " I will go with you." • l agreed, end"we~found.'the Bquire at tome. My i new friend introduced the Euhject,-ahd Mr Allerton was greatly in- EUifchome, did .you eay ? That was the name my brother assumed when he left us to marry a girl far beneath-him in social position. Can it be possible he is—or I should say was—my only brother ?" He was greatly agitated, and for some minutes he did not speak. "What was his Christian name?" he asked. "Marcus," I replied, "the daughter's name is Dora." " Then I am certain he is my brother! And he has left a daughter!. I have no child," he said, pathetically. "I will go back with you to the funeral, and the girl find another father in me. I shall have a comforter in my old age." I wondered what George Telford would think-of this proposal. Dora's grief at the loss of her father was soothed by the tender sympathy of her uncle. He said nothing to her of hiB wishes, being, as-I thought, just a little nettled on learning that his niece would be, comparatively speaking, a rich woman. The day of the funeral arrived, and Mrs. Bamford and her son, both in deepest mourning, appeared in a mourning coach, and if it had been allowed the driver would have followed the hearse. But I was ready for such a move, and compelled him to go to the rear, greatly to the mortification of the occupants. Mrs. Bamford did not see Mr. Allerton till the'procession reached the grave side, and I'sawlier'start.aBthough she had seen a ghost. But his presence did not deter her from prosecuting the plan of operations she had decided upon, and when the mourners returned she and her son-entered the house, no one attempting to prevent them. The moment all were seated, she rose, and with a smile of triumph, said— As the widow of the deceased, Marcus Ellithorne, I produce his wiU. Perhaps this gentleman will be good enough to read it," and she offered it to Mr. Allerton, I had told bvm of Edward Bomford's insinuation that his mother would have control of oU the property, but no alteration had been made in it, probably becanse it had been deemed too risky. " I have no objection to reading my brother's will, but before doing so I wish to be sure that you are really his widow. Do you produce any proofs ?" " Here is our marriage certificate," she replied, banding it to him. " Quite right as far as it goes, but here is another certificate. Win you kindly look at it ? " and he offered her the copy I - had got at Bury. This does not refer to me; I am not the Sophia Forshaw mentioned there; the name is common enough." I admired the spirit of the woman, for she showed neither fear nor surprise. I touched the bell, and Mr. Samuel Bamford entered. Then her courage was shaken, and she seemed about to faint. " Mr. Bamford, do you recognise this lady ? " asked- Mr. Allexton. Certainly; I was present at her marriage with my brother Jacob. I was al60 present at his funeral in October last." "Then yon are not the widow of the deceased. Tou committed bigamy in marrying him, and you would have been prosecuted had my brother not been too soft- hearted. Tou have no further claim on me, and from henceforth your allowance will cease; now yon may go." I shall not go!" she shouted, bnt I had been prepared for this. A constable was in the passage, and on hearing her he walked in. If you don't leave quietly I shall have to -use force, and that will not be pleasant," he said: The son, with a horrible scowl on his face, led the way, and the mother followed. For some weeks we expected some other move on the part of the baffled pair, but they were cowed. Dora, did not refuse to go with her uncle when he returned home, which wss not till her home had been broken np and everything sold, the only exceptions being a handsome dock, which she gave me, and her father's bookB, which she had decided to keep for her own future home. A year elapsed, and occasionally I heard from George Telford of the well-being of his Dora. Then a startling thing took place. She ran away from her unole and came to Liverpool. Mr. Allerton had usurped too much authority, and had peremptorily forbidden her to continue corresponding with her sweetheart. This Dora refused to do, and he had gone the length of stopping George's letters. When Dora discovered this she was so very indignant that she set off for Liverpool at once, during her uncle's absence at the Wellington court-house. He followed her the same night, and an affecting scene took place in my parlour, for she had come to me. " Oh, uncle, do not be angry with me; I cannot give up George." " Angry, my darling.? Nay, it is I who should ask forgiveness. I will no longer oppose your wishes. Many whom you please, but come back to me afterwards." And George Telford, the son of the Liverpool detective, is now the owner of Allerton Tln-H, a county magistrate, and the happy husband of the best woman in England. Mrs. Bamford and her son were caught in a swindling transaction of a peculiarly heartless character, and sentenced to five years' penal servitude. I never heard of them afterwards. 