~~5er^and there. Passenger lost off the Austral. ' I do not believe Mr. M'Gowen meand to threaten or dictate.' — The Premier. Cycling Carnival entirely successful. The League made a clear profit of over J3400. Mr. T. H. Barlow's supporters in the recent Waverley contest intend banqueting him on Tuesday evening. The squadron, consisting of the Orlando, Eingarooma, Katoomba, and Wallaroo, left Auckland for Sydney on Wednesday last. ' At Armidale Mr. Eeid was again a centre of attra-ction.' — Daily paper re porter. He was the most notable exhibit at the show. Mr, H. C. Bussell's forecast During Sunday and Monday fresh south-west to southerly winds, with fine weather except some showers on the coast. In answer to Major-General Hutton's assertion of petticoat government in the military service, ' One In It,' writing to tho Sunday Times, asserts that Potts Point and Darling Point influence has been very potent for promotion purposes. Thirty-five clergymen talk on the gamb ling evil in metropolitan churches to-day. There is a chance for one of the thirty-five to make a name for himself by taking a broad, common-sense view of the subject. Will the opportunity be seized ? A couple got married at Young last week, and immediately started on their honeymoon tour on bicycles. They visited Grenfell, Forbes, and Dubbo. Others will no doubt follow their example. Apparently they had no cares about luggage. Misfortune ever lurks at the shoulder of some men. As witness the case of the individual at Sir Henry Parkes' sale, who knocked down and broke a 50-guinea vase and two costly plates, and was informed | that he would have to pay for the lot. If he does it will make him about the biggest purchaser at tho auction. The man who in 1895 made a lot of money out of lucky investments in mining and other speculations will be required to pay Income Tax thereon ; but the man who put a lot of money into speculations and lost it will not be allowed to deduct uutiu iuoo iiulu una uoiuiiub ui lLxuuxat) ou which he has to pay taxation. Which seems a rather one-sided arrangement. The cheerful Chows have been at it again. Two of them were fined heavily during the week for having filthy premises, and failing payment were sent to gaol for thrae months each. If surprise visits were paid to all the Chinese premises in the quarters cursed by the presence of the yellow man, a whole courtful ot defendants could be roped in. Although there are between four and five thousand Justices of Peace in N.S.W., 1000 nominations for new Justices have beeu sent in. Some members of Parlia ment have been having au interesting time corresponding with constituents lately. The new batch of Justices (over 300 strong) will be approved at the meet ing of tho Executive ou Tuesday. Westralian diggers do not tolerate corners in food stocks. In oue outofthe way camp a baker held all the flour in the district, and put a big price upon it. The minors upset his calculations by taking possession of the flour and retailed it at what they deemed a fair price. When ? thoy handed tho disgusted baker the pro ceeds he did not say as much as ' thank you.' Say3 the Mudgee Independent Mr. E. Eouse, of Guiitawang, last week disposed of 20 head of young horses to a buyer for the Indian market. The prices realised were : 17 at J&12, 1 at iJ20, and 2 at JJ45 each. The latter were two fillies. Such prices must be regarded as highly satisfac tory, and only go to show that Mr. Eouse is breeding tho right class of horse stock, for the 'market. Some interesting facts aro recalled by the great rainfall of 26 inches recently recorded from Northern Queensland. In the records of meteorology some of' the biggest rainfalls noted aro these : At Gib raltar, S3in in 26 hours ; on the Khasi Hills, India, 30in on each of five successive days; at Joyeuse, France, a little over 31in iu 22 hours ; and at Genoa, '30in in 24. There was a fall of nearly Sin in London on April 13, 1878. New Zealand will havo to erect that fence arouud the islands yet, and keep all the beautiful scenery to herself. The latest items from there are about a tax on commercial travellers, exclusion of con sumptives, and the arrest of two tourists in mistake for burglars. By the way, a recent visitor to Auckland states that the larrikins there are far more dangerous at night time than thoy are in Syduey. It is supposed that the breed is an importation from Australia. There is ' nothing like luck ' in politics, as in other things. During the financial panic (remarked a politician to a Times man the other day), when the Government had to make arrangements to meet three millions of engagements entered into by their predecessors, half a million could not be procured at five per cent. Now ten millions could be borrowed to-morrow at three. Mr. Reid in political circles lias the repuLuuou 01 uuiun ouo 01 me lucKiesu Premiers and Treasurers on record. But before the year's end his reputation that way may have changed. The present Premier of the mother colony is an exceedingly astute politician, and self is never far from the van in his considerations ; therefore a trip to Eng land as the Premier of the most Freetrade country in tho world, and as the promoter of the present Federal movement, is pre cisely what those who have studied tho Pre mier of New South Wales would have expected. — Launceston Telegraph. 'I attended the Highland Gathering, and now we have St. Patrick's Day, but where, I want to know, in all this business, is tno Hingnsnman (.Laughter). Is it, possibly, that the Englishman is contented to occupy the proud position of the pre dominant partner ? I have heard it said that there is something the matter with tbe saint. (Laughter.) I believe that this is entirely a libel. I have looked into the matter myself. (Laughter). St. George was made patron saint in the thirteenth century. He was very popular in Saxon times, and his figure is to be found in many Norman cathedrals. It is clear tlmt tho Englishman has no reason to refuse to have a similar festivity of this kind oil account of tho character of the saint.' — Lord Hampden at the St. Patrick's Day lunchoon. Mr. Alexander Baillie informs us that during the week his attention was attracted to a horso eating something near his fence, and on going to see what it was, to his surprise he found it was a sheep, nearly finished (says the Forbes Gazette). He surmises that the horse made a commence ment by eating the burrs sticking to the sheep's wool, and from that eat flesh and all. Stock hare been puttto great straits ; during the rain of the past few days cattle could bo seen in the main streets eating horse-dung, paper, and anything they could come across, iu fact one cow went into Stewart's Hotel and made a meal off some lace curtains and rope quoits. — That is very good for Forbes. We would like to hoar frpm Nyngan now. Nyngan can beat anything we know in that line of story. The following heading to a piece of news in au American paper is said to be the very lateBt concerning the New Woman: — GHOST IN BLOOMEKS. THE HEW WOZXAH HAS INVADED THE BEALU 07 THE SPinlT WOULD, MEW SORT 07 SPOOK SEEN. A 1IXSTX0 OIBL ALL IN WHITE DASHED BY USE TAM O' SHANTKB, TBS SPECTRE DI3APPEABS JUST WHEBE TEAKS AOO BOLD DUCOANEEBS DtTEIED THE1D SIOLBK TQEASVM. 