j THE NOVELIST 'TIME SHALL TRY. . By th'o Author of 'With This Ring I :Ar TheeWrif' 'A Wife's Temptation,' &o.; \- .' ? '?''?' ? ? ': ? CHAPTER xVlII.-.Continued, ?? '{:l This rugged path ou which ho was '?? walking to big tryst with Cordolia was tho samo on which, last Novembor, in tho midst of a coming storm, ho and , - . Lady Mavtook had mot faco to fuco. Her spoil was upon him, her spirit with him, as ho wound along tho wild and solitary way, amid tho purplo heath « and tho splondor of goldon gorso. ' And ns ho nearod tho tall, shiuiug rook, which, jutting o\it at right-augloa with tho path, hid its f nrthor progrosa, ho almost fanoiod ho agoin saw ttio flutter of Letitia'a robe, and tha hard, clear whitouesa of hor faeo. ' But when ho roaohed the spot, ho found only tho sublime solitude of soa and sky, untouched by any traoo of lifo biwo the shadow of a solitary sea-bird flying wearily homowai'da from its pil \- grimago inland, After ono fjaxo upward and around, he drew a'breath of relief, and sat down v ? to gather patience and wait Cordolin'a coming. At thia spot tho path was Yory nar row ; juat a himd- bveadth of land lay hetwoon tho rook on whioh ho sat and tho edge of tho dark and jaggod cliff, Avhioh wont down for a shoer descent of two lumdrod feot before it touohed the glistening sand. Far away stretched the glorified soa, wonring a shimmering garment of many colors, cast upon its waves by tho sotting sun. Par as tho faintest distance tho oyo could tmvol towards tho wost tho trailing glories ran, blending boh and sky hi hues too bright and wonderful for tho vivideat brush to daro portray. In tho midst of this dazzling mass of color tho sun wont down, and the criunon wavos aoomod to wash against a crimson sky minglod with gleams of fiery gold, through whioh a wavo here and thoro ran darkly, like lancos flnng by tho hand of tho coming night upon tho dying day. Tho man's fixod gaao took in th0 wondrous beauty of this sceno, and with it tho souso of a presonco— a somothing that disturbod tho solitude, and marred ,' tho holy calm thut should havo broathod ' about its wild and lonely grandeur. Again ho rousod himself and peered y behind tho rook, aud all acrosa tho darkening heath, and up tho road to wards Boscombo, and saw Cordolia coming, and no figure, no shadow, savo hers, on rock, or lioath, or path. .. All hia boing glowed at sight of her ; tho fyljnosa of earthly lovo waa upon him, brimming his heart over with its '* ? mtonso joy nud comfort ; and yob upon ,'' , hia brain weighed still that heavy hnnd, ? , impressing tt four of low, of having snatched from him this laat, purest deopoat happiness of hiu barron life. 'Cordelia!' ho enid, holdiug out hiD hand und dniwing hor towards him with n strong evati]), 'I havo waited fov you long, my love,' His ftrw waa around hor, his kiss waB on hor uheok ; It was a wnrm, passionato lriss, hpoiikiug of lovo, griof, foav, in a way that a thousand heaped-np words might 'vainly atriro to do, Cordolia drow bHC-lc\s(ai'tlud, and their oyoamet \- in a long gazo, half love, half dread of tho shadow ready to stop botwoen them, ' 'What ia It P' Cordolin, said, putting her hand upon his shoulder, while her drooped oyos fell b&f; oro tho passion and pnin of hia, ' It ia something 1 have to tell yon Let its Bit down j I havo union to any.' ? She obeyed his wish, and both found ,?;?: a seat upon tho heather; tho gvent rook, liko a screen, shutting' thorn from viow , on tho Boscombo side, while on tho ofchor tho path strotohod away in baro solitudo, uncrosnod oven my thoahadow vif a bird, ?' Laat Novoinbor, by this rock, on tho day tho Bosphorus was wreoked,' said Sidnoy, hesitating slightly, « I mot a lady— -on old friond— who told mo she was disappoiutod in tho annset she had coiuoto soo. If sho woro hore now Cordolia, bIio wo\ild havo no cause to complain of laok of glory in sky and aoa.' Cordelia's abashed oyes lifted thorn solves again to hia faoo in wonder. ' I havo no timo or heart this evou ing to praiso tho glory of tho aim or of tho moon,' she answered, in a tone of sad, cold quiot. ' I cannot stay hove long — you forget that — my father may % need mo at any winuto.' lie folt tho rebuke of hor worda j but Lho had roforred to Lady Mnrtock pur posely j ho know not how else to bring her name upon his lips, 'It iaof this friend— thia lady— I wish to speak. I moan Lady Martook.' Cordolia'sgrayoyoa hold his inquir ingly— hor lips woro parted in amazo tnent. 'Lady Martook! Misa MurtooVs auntP' ' Yes, tho^aamo.' ?'.And ahe ia au old friend of yours P' ' She waa moro than a friond, Cor dolia. Sho and I onco promised to take o'ooh other as husband and wife. 'Why toll me this P asked Cor dolia, hor breath coming quiokly, and a bright, sudden color tinging her oheeka ' No Jwoman likos to hoar sho is not tho first and ono love.' ' You think I toll you willingly P I would bury tho dead faofc among tho ghosts laid in t*ho keep sea, if I could ; but it oannot bo so quieted ; it is liko an ugly spootro, always rising up to haunt and vox me.' ' I cannot soo why,' Cordelia said, looking away from hia gazo now, and playing norvously with tho heather blossoms beuoath hor hand. 'Soo hero, Cordelia j thoro is not a grain of shifting sand laying down upon tho boaoh moro rootloss and profitless than my dead lovo for that woman /and yet it haunts rao, becauso a miser, in a wicked will, staked a for tune ou that lovo. A groat sum of monoy was loft my Lady Martock's grandfather to my wife— ho thought his granddaughter [Lotitia would bo that wifoj but his roal wish was to benefit me. Always boar that in mind, Do you follow mo, Cordelia?' 11 Yea— no !' gho said, lookiug at him with bowildorod oyes. ' If you lovod hor, why did you not marry hor P' sho added, faltoving, and hor lips qnivoring as she spoko. ' Becauso aho waa inconstant and covetous, She was ignorant of hor grandfather's intentions j she knew her cousin, tho late Lord Martook, to bo a rich man and mo a pnor one— hopelessly poor, aho thought — so she forsook me and married him just one week before hor grandfather died.' And ho did not alter his will on hear ing of hor marriage f' ' It ia a disputed point whether ho ovor hoard it. Could I havo been cer tain ho know it, and still porsisted in his intentions, my feelings would have changod.' 'Yon moan you havo always felt you had no right to this money ?' 'Just so. And I have abstained from marrying because, in case I die singlo, tho monoy will eventually go to Lady Martook.' Cordelia's broath camo short and quick, a burning spot aroso on either cheok, hor eyea, grown strangely bright and clear, gazed fixedly outwards on the sea. ' Cannot you renounco this fortuno P' she said vory low. ' No j I havo no powor to do so. It ia not left to mo, bu{ to my wife and children.' ' Then your wifo could refuse it P' Perhaps for horsolf, but her light would not oxtond ovor heirs unborn.' Cordolia nmdo no reply; there was a sonso of woi«ht aud opproasion on hor hear!-, a rtazo upon hor brain ; Bho was ns ouo wh.0 hoars and does not under stand. 'Wealth wng an unknown thing to hor, a eomothing past tho coinpro honsion of her mind, with whioh hor thoughts eouhl not doal either as a cursoor blessing. Onlyaa the first could sho look on it if it separated hor from her love, and was not righteoualy and justly her inheritance. A painful silonco foil between thorn, in which tho low and silvery whisper of tho summer aoa civmo softly on the ear, and tho stillno33 of ;tho summer land waa faintly brokon by tho tiny rustle of tho heath as tho warm wind pasaed over it. 'With lipa that quivered slightly, Cor delift broke tho silence, hor words being hurried aud low. 'jOught you not to marry this Lady Martook, sho being a widow now f' For anawor her lover caught her hand and drew her olosely to hia 3icle, ' Cordelia.' ho said, ' Lady Martook is no longor a widow. But were sho to roiuain unmarried to tho crack of doom 1 would nover bo her husband. Sho might got this monoy through my death, but navor through my life. I confess I have had scruples as to my right to' marry and dogrivo hor of it, but theao aro gonoj sho has married iiow, and I feel myself a free man.' He would havo touohod Cordelia's cheok with his lipa as ho spoko, but sho drewbaok and gontly disengaged her hand from his fervent qlaap. ' You must give mo time,' sho said ' to think of all thia j it is ao new aud strange to me, I cannot soo ray duty dearly. And I do not precoivewhy this matter Bhould have stayed you from speaking to my father. He hussuoha cloar.juat mind;H would havo told you what was the right way to deal with the quostion. And I sdo not think he will liko me to take possession of mouey nover intended for mo, and belonging rightly to (mother.' 