AMUSING. He: " I never contract bad habits.'. She : "No, dear, you always expand tbeui." " Then you' mean to tell me X'111 a liar ? " " "Well, no, I don't wish to be quite so rude as that, but I will say this— you'd make a dashed good weather prophet." . ' Good-natured Fare (to Irish Jarvev) : "Will you take something to drink, driver, before we start ? " Jarvey : " F what's that ? Is it an angel I have spaken ? " Dolly: " What does this mean ? • Dady Carnaby at home. Dancing. B.S.Y.Pl' j In an open enyelope, with a halfpenny I stamp ! " Hughie : "It means she | doesn't care a halfpenny, whether you go or not ! " . In the Orient: Dusty A1 Bhodi: -" And why are they arresting Weary A1 Bagged?" Bushi Ben Growli: "For singing ' Only one Girl in the World for Me,' in front of the royal seraglio." " Thoughts that burn," as the editor said when he lit his cigar with a rejected poem. Young Man : "I want an-engage ment-ring." Jeweller " : " Yes. sir. .About, what size ? ". "I don't - know exactly,-but she can twist me around her linger, if that's any guide." "For some reason,! just dote on rainv daj's,"- said the young woman whose specialties are large dreamy eyes and sentiment. " Well," said the short young lady with the raven hair and sharp" nose, "if I didn't have any spring clothes, I think I would feel that waymyself." " Here's a letter from Isabelle. She says she's going to be married." " Well, it's about time. If she did not change her last name, it would be necessary : to change the first to Wasabelle." Mother (looking over her son's college expenses) : " I.dou't see why William's expenses should be so much more tbis year than last." Father (a former col legian) : " Well, you see, the police fines are higher after the first offence." At the masquerade—Lottie : " From tbis time on I shall believe in ghosts." Tottio : " Why so ? " Lottie : " You know that ' widower' who has been devoting himself to me all the evening ? Well, bis dead wife appeared just now and took him home." \- Bational costume.—The Yicar of St. Winifred-in- the-Wold (to fuir bicyclists): " It is customary for men, I will not say , gentlemen, to remove " their Hats on ; entering a church." QConfusion of the Ladies' Bota and Ixioua Bykewell.] Arthur: " Do you know, Miss • Sharp, I'm thinking of getting a bicycle. What do you think of the idea ? " Kate: " Oh, do it by all means, Mr Softcroft I The bicycle, they say, is an excellent thing for the development of Calves." . : She; "Well, good-bye, Chevalier. - But I hoped you would have stayed longer with us."- The Chevalier (who prides himself on his English " sayings") : "Ah! sank you, mats, kelus I I fear me I must go cook some .fish ! " (For the benefit of the uninitiated we may state that the worthy Chevalier intended to say that he " had other fish to fry.5')' Air Dm bell: "Even the worm -rill turn." His wife (scornfully) : "You are scarcely a worm." Mr TJmbell (reinmis cently) : "Possibly not now, my dear, but l ean remember away hack. yonder, hearing folks say something about an early bird when yoa got ine." Mrs Fanner—"You said if I gave you a breakfast'you'd put in an "hour's work oil that wooi-pile," and you've done noth ing." .Hungry Hoke '(deeply injured)— " Nothiii', mum ? - I've bm a-calkerlatiu' how many horse-power it 'ud require ter saw dat hull pile, countin' two himdrecl teet' ter de saw an' each . toot* wid a muscular, resistance uv one hhawer grauime. Mehbe yer don't,know it. hut brain-work's de hardes' kind: uv work lady." . The " Ladies' Home Journal says that fashion is at last achieving in Paris what physicians and dress reformers have:] struggled for year after year __ _ vaiu. All that they have asserted about the disarrangement of the internal organs has had little or no, effect iu making women give up tight lacing. The warning of red noses, bloodshot eyes, flat chests, and abnormally large hips has not dismayed the suiall-waisted martyr. But Fashion issues her dictum that a wasp has a hideous figure, and that the outlines of the Venus de Milo are more beautiful, and straightway our waists are to expand. Not 21in, hut 2Sin is what a woman should desire to he. I only hope | that this news is uot too good to he true, but I must own that I take it with a grain of salt. Dressmakers and stay- ' makers will he very uuwilling to let | Fashion have such a vagary as that with out being controlled by old-established I custom, The monthly meeting of the Thoons Butter Factory direotors was held ou the | loth, when the price of the. Juue supply of milk was fixed at 4Jd ou test "4. Twenty-one pounds of milk make lib of | butter at present. Messrs Bartram and Sou, who have always acted as export agents for this company, were again ] appointed for the ensuing season. 