The Origin of Christmas Annuals. Some authorities now argue that the 11 Christmas Carol' was the real founda tion of the Annual. If so, it is curious to note that the editio princeps appeared in a little volume very much in the small keepsake form. ? „.,.„_,._;, Slater thus descnoes it :— ruuiisiicu not in red but in brown cloth with gilt edges, gilt design,, and green end papers.' On page 1 the head words read, ' Stave 1.' The words ' Stave 1' Indicate a later issue, no matter how the book may be bound. It is also, perhaps, amusing to note that the market price of the first edition of the ' Christmas Carol ' runs from £3 10s. upwards. Let it be known, however, that, des pite its world-wide popularity, the au thor regarded the Carol as more or less a commercial failure (sic). He writes :— ' I found the Carol accounts waiting for me, and they were the cause of It (ill ness). The first 6000 copies show a profit of £230, and the last four will yield ,as much more. I had set my heart and soul on a thousand clear.' It Is evident from the character of the preface that Dickens 'counted on what might be called a general circulation, for he says : — ' I have endeavoured in this ghostly little book to raise the ghost of an Idea which shall not put my readers out of humour with themselves, with each other, with the season, or with me. May It haunt their houses pleasantly,' and no one wish to lay it;' Neither .' The Carol,' ' The Chimes,' ' The Cricket on the Hearth,' 'The Battle of lilfe,' nor 'The Haunted Man ' fulfilled in any way the expectations of the writer. 'The truth was,' writes the biographer of Dickens, ' as to all the Christmas stories issued in this form, that the price charged was .too large, for the public addressed by them was too I little to remunerate their outlay; and' when In later years he put forth similar j fancies for Christmas, charging for them fewar pence than the shillings charged for these, he oounted' his purchasers — with; fairly' correspbhding- gains to' him self—not by tens but by hundreds Of thousands.'— ' Windsor £dagaz£fife' ' - ?*'? 