ALL ABOUT ' THE GHOST.' The following appeared in this journal on Janu ary 21, 1893, shortly after the issue of Sir Henry Parkes's book, 'Fifty Years in the Making of Australian History.1' It was published to expose some of the statements in the book. The conviction of O'Farrell was a foregone conclusion, and his execution was promptly carried out. The culprit being out of the way, Parkes in a most bold and impudent manner began to MANUFACTURE THE KIAMA GHOST, by spreading broadcast hints and surmises as to O'Farrell's crime having been the direct outcome of an organized conspiracy. He had reckoned without his host, however, because, before his death, O'Farrell had somewhat recovered his mental equilibrium, and seeing how he had been duped by Parkes into making wild and foolish charges which might be used for bringing innocent people to the gallows, he made a- full and frank confession on the eve of his execution, in which he admitted the justness of his sentence, averring that all he had been induced by Pavkes to say about the existence of a Feninn conspiracy, and his being the agent of it was false, and that he himself pi aimed to murder the Duko of Edinburgh, and had communicated hi? intention to nobody. This confession was entrusted to the gaol chaplain (Dean Dwyer, a grandson of Brave Michael Dwyer, the'Wicklow Chieftain) who attended O'Farrell in his last moments, and who, after making a copy of it, gave the original one to the gaol authorities. Of course the public dis closure of the contents of this confession BURST UP PARKES'S PLOT, and he did his best to prevent their publication, and for a time succeeded in making the public believe that O'Farrell was the agent of a Fenian conspiracy. The plotter wad soori to be' unmasked 5 not, how ever, before he had done incalculable mischief. The existence of O'Farrell's confession had leaked out, together with some inkling as to its contents ; and consequently on April 21, 1868, Sir (then Mr.) William Macleay, from his place in the Legislative Assembly, asked' the Colonial Secretary (Sir Henry Parkes) whether he would produce and lay upon the table the dying confession of O'Farrell, who had been executed that morning. This Parkes re fused to do. This was in April, and in August of the same year Parkes— who had since relinquished the post of Colonial Secretary— went down to address his con stituents at Kiama, and in the course of his speech definitely RAISED THE ' KIAMA GHOST' in the following terms : — 'We were told — the police were told in the ordinary way of information — long before the Duke of Edinburgh landed on these shores, that his life would be attempted. . . . I r'o not hesitate to say here that I have in my possession evidence, which I can produce at any moment, that will satisfy every unbiassed, independent mind in the country that we had just and large grounds for every step of precaution which we, as a Government, took ; and though, perhaps, we, as a Government, might have been content to allow this damning evidence to have remained unknown, still, if we are to be taunted, misrepresented, and vilified by a complete storm of lies, we may, in justification to ourselves, yet gee fit to lay this before the world. I have that evidence in my possession, and I can produce it at any moment. I can produce evidence attested by affidavits which leaves no doubt in my mind that not only was the murder of the Prince planned, but that some person who was in the secret and whose fidelity was suspected, was foully murdered before the attack was finally made upon the Prince.' These astounding allegations Parkes reiterated, with even greater circumstantiality of detail, in a speech which he delivered before his constituents at Jamberoo, in the following month of October of the same year (1868). In the course of this Jamberoo harangue, and in allusion to a letter published in the Press, asking why precautions had not been taken for the protection of the Duke of Edinburgh's life, if the Government knew beforehand that his life was menaced, Parkes said : — 'The fact was that all practicable precautions were taken. When the Prince landed no less than 500 special constables were sworn in ; officers of police were directed to ride in the line of his body on either side throughout the line of procession ; and all other precautions were taken that appeared, necessary to secure the safety of the illustrious visitor.' A DAMNING REFUTATION. Such serious allegations, so precisely formulated and emphatically reiterated, could not be allowed to pass unchallenged. If they were true, society was in peril ; if false, the man making them was infamous. Parliament was bound to investigate the matter, and accordingly, on December 15, 1868, Sir William Macleay moved for and obtained a Select Committee. The report of the Committee presented to the House showed that, when called on to give evidence, Sir Henry Parkes could not sup port one of his public statements. Parkes, under examination, adduced no evidence or documents tending to show that either he or any other member of the Government to which he be longed had any suspicion of or information con cerning the existence of a Fenian conspiracy, or any foreknowledge of a plot to assassinate the Duke of Edinburgh, although Parkes had had the whole police and detective force, as well as private agents, at work for months under the incentive of high rewards, endeavouring to ferret out evidence of a Fenian plot, of the holding of Fenian meetings, and of the existence of O'Farrell's alleged coconspira tors. Concerning the affidavits which Parkes boasted at Kiaraa and Jamberoo that he could pro duce at any moment to 'prove that the Duke's murder was the outcome of a plot, and that one of those concerned in the plot, whose fidelity had been suspected, had been murdered, he did not and could not produce them, because he never had them. All the papers he produced at the inquiry were silly, irrelevant concoctions, trumped up after the event. The 500 sworn specials about which Parkes spoke so grandiloquently were as great a myth, as monstrous a fabrication, as anything con ceived in a mendacious mind could possibly be. The report of the Select Committee literally teems with, damning refutation against Parkes. It was adopted by Parliament, and the motion adopt ing it acted upon by the Governor of the day (Lord Belmore) forwarding a copy of it to the Secretary of State for the Colonies in London. Yet in spite of this terrible exposure, which still stands re corded against him, notwithstanding that he managed by a snatch party vote to have the record expunged, Parkes, after a quarter of a century, has the consummate and callous .audacity to resuscitate., these exploded charges, and to attempt to resurrect the ' Kiama Ghost ' by declaring his belief that they are true. o'farrell's madness. The question of O'Farrell's madness can be dis posed of in a few brief words. In the first place, the conception of his crime, and the sensational manner in which he attempted to carry it out, in the midst of thounands of onlookers, pre-supposes madness or weakness of intellect bordering on lunacy. This idea develops almost into a certainty when it is borne in mind that O'Farrell was a con firmed drunkard, drinking to such excess and with such persistency as to be practically a dipsomaniac. Then again his absurd diary, with its childish and sensational entries, together with the ready way in which he fell into Parkes's snare for revealing a Fenian conspiracy and denouncing conspirators who never existed, constitute prima facie evidence of insanity. But the question of O'Farrell's state of mind is placed beyond all cavil and shadow of doubt by the evidence adduced at his trial, notably by his sister's from Melbourne, who, while testifying to her wretched brother's long-continued habits of intem perance, admitted that he was always considered half mad, and that there was an hereditary taint of insanity in the family. The probability is that 1 1 O'Farrell was an hereditary lunatic, because fully j twenty years after his execution — not more than six ; years ago — one of hia brothers who twice attempted to assassinateDr. Goold, the late Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne, was found to be insane, and as such has been confined in a lunatic asylum ever since. Yet, in the face of this accumulated testimony as to ) his insanity, Parkes has the cold-blooded effrontery ! to declare that the unhappy wretch was sane. In i this way does Parkes ' make Australian history.' j A SCATHING DENUNCIATION. ; The following is a portion of a scorching speech ; delivered by Macleay, in the Legislative Assembly, , in March, 1868. Sir William Macleay said :— [ It was a matter of regret that this was not the \ only occasion on which Mr. Henry Parkes had sought ; at the risk of setting the country by the ears to make ; political capital for himself. The hon. member had been doing it lately in the most dangerous way that oould be adopted — by endeavouring to excite^ reli gious dissensions in the country. He said in his crafty way that a large body of our fellowcountry men 'were inclined to be aggressive and to make attempts at a position in the country in excess o£ what they ought to have, and the hon. member had excited an anti-Catholic feeling and cry which would, it was to be feared, do a large amount of mischief, [An hon. member : If it is stirred up, no doubt it will.] He (Sir William Macleay) could excuse a great deal on the part of a public man seeking to gain support, but the man who would deliberately strive to excite this religious feeling, when nothing of the kind ought to exist, and when all were on terms of the most perfect religious equality, was as bad as an assassin ; and he would treat him in the same way as he hoped to see treated in a few days the would-be assassin of the Prince. His conduct was almost worse, because it might be the cause of a larger amount of bloodshed than could have been caused by this man's atrocity. The object and entire aim of the Colonial Secretary for some months past had been to gain a certain kind of political influ ence by exciting these religious animosities. Did his friends, the extreme Protestant party, who were so bigoted as to be led into a feeling of this kind, suppose the hon. member had any attachment to them ? Why, he believed the hon. member was as indifferent to one sect as to another. It was simply to gain political capital for himself that he had endeavoured of late to make it supposed that that abominable secret association denominated Fenianism was a kind of Catholic conspiracy. The hon. member possessed in his own person much more of the qualities requisite for a Fenian than any Catholic in the country. The Fenian was known to be anti-Catholic, and it was also known that the hon. member was anti- Catholic. The Fenian was anti- Christian, and there was remarkably goodreason to believe that the hon. member was anti- Christian. The Fenian was not monarchical, and wished to destroy monarchy ; and although it might be diffi cult to say how the hon. member stood on this point since he had been in receipt of £2000 a year from the State — as perhaps now he would go so far as to sub scribe to the. divine right of kings — yet a short time ago he was as anti-monarchical as any Fenian and more disloyal than the Irish Catholics they abused so much. It was very possible the hon. member might never have shot at a Prince when he was a Chartist at Birmingham, but he was associated with those who committed just the same crime. What was that Chartism but kindred to the lot they had heard of in Sheffield blowing up saw-grinders and burning workshops? The tremendous loyalty they had heard did not then come well from the hon. member under the circumstances. If the hon. member was loyal he had become so lately, and what Chartist in the world would not become loyal for £2000 a year? These remarks were made because it seemed just as well occasionally to let it be known what their opinions were of those who professed such ardent loyalty under the present peculiar circumstances. The success this former Chartist had achieved from the late attack on the Prince was not, however, likely to be of long dura tion ; the people of the country would come to see that great loyalty might exist without any mani festation of the extreme madness that had been ex hibited lately. He (Sir William Macleay) could not understand a country entirely loyal throwing itself into the arms of a Birmingham Chartist, and saying, ' We adore you, because the Prince is shot.' DALLEY AND MACLEAY. The late Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, addressing the great assemblage of prelates, clerics, and laity during the Centennial celebrations in Sydney in January, 1888, alluded in touching terms to the services rendered to the Irish Catholics of Australia by Sir William Macleay and the late William For ster. Mr. Dalley was responding to the toast of his health at the Cabarita gathering, of which he was chairman. He said: — ' When in the midst of such a splendid festival as this I think of the time not so far distant when it was the greatest happiness and privilege of my life to render some slight service to my fellow religionists in this country, who were then under a cloud of calumny, cowardly persecution, infamous misrepresentation, I can hardly realize how utterly changed are all things about us. We are sitting at a banquet which is in all probability the greatest event of the kind that has taken place in the history of the Church in any of the colonies in the British Empire. And at our table are representatives of the culture, the amiability, the sympathy, and the justice of our Protestant fellow-citizens. It has been our great good fortune to have always had the services of two or three such men in the darkest periods of our history. Referring to that time of which I have spoken when I was enabled to offer my poor ser vices on your behalf, there were two men in this community of the highest station, of the purest character, who both ranged themselves on your side with courage and with promptitude, and who fought your fight to the last. Neither of them were Catholics, and yet their services to you at that time and under the circumstances with which we were surrounded wero worth those of a thousand Catho lics. They were both my dear friends, and did for your cause infinitely more than ever I could dare to suppose I was capable of accomplishing, One has passed beyond the reach of your human gratitude. I mean the gifted, unselfish, chivalrous William Forster. The other still lives, and would have made our happiness complete had he been amongst us to-day. I mean my dear friend, William Macleay. Nor can Ave forget the gallantry and tenderness and sympathy of dear old Sir John Robertson. When I think of these men I am overwhelmed Avith a sonse of our obligations to the justice and the cour age of some of the best of our Protestant fellow^ citizens,.' 