CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY. A missionary meeting in connection with the Church Missionary Society was held at Trinity Church on Monday night. His Ex- <*> cellency the Governor occupied the chair, but owing to another <my?f?*" M": at the Town Hall could not remain long. He expressed the great pleasure it afforded him to attend and e'aow his srmpatbr with die object of the meeting. He would have been glad to have had a drawing- room meeting at Government House daring Mr. Macartney's stay in Ade laide if it bad bera possible to arrange it, bat .be pressure of other claims precluded the poa- , ability fur the present. He regarded the stimulation of missionary zeal as an im perative duty of the Church. The- remark! wai SOSMtimf* h?r4 that tboe* IBteraataJ in foreign missions allowed all their enthu siasm to be absorbed in that branch of Chris tian work and had little or no sympathy with Christian enterprise at home. His fixpenenoe did not lead him to believe that the remark was founded on fact He generally, found that those who supported the foreign minsiona were equally in sympathy with home missions. He regretted that he was unable to remain till die close of the meeting, but he could assure them of his deepest sympathy. The rector (the Uev. F. Webb) then took the chair, aod the Bey. A. W. Clahfeit gave an eloquent address, his subject being "Aalreteh of missionary work in the past. -In * very clear and graphic manner he outlined the new spirit which was characterising many of die ablest and most promising young men in the ancient seats of learning iii the nntisVlsies—. Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin Universities receiving especial attention. He particularly urged parents and Sunday-school teachers to enlist the sympathy of the children in the mis sionary cause. i ' The Bey. Lockhaet Mob*DK said the early ohnrch was a missionary church, bat suooeed ing churches had been borne missionary. A Sootchman had once prayed that he might be "justified, sanctified, and nussionaryfiea.* They might all covet the same bteffiings. There was everything essential to inspire them with confidence. They had tbe procla mation of the King, the need of the heathen,' and the plea of the missionary all urging them forward. The statement of Christ—"All power is given unto Me in heaven and in earth, therefore go ye forth into all the world and preach the'gospel to every creature"—was the sublimest utterance ever made. ' Aetodent from Hope lodge, who had been labor ing* in China for some time, had written to him, saying if he could only see what lie was daily seeing it would lead him to increased activity in his work for the missions; and this chorus was continnally' coming from Christies* lands. The world was lying in darkness which nothing but the Gospel could ?i.?p?>\ and he would appeal -to those present to do what they could to help the coming of the Kingdom of Jesus Christ. The fiev. H. B. Mag&bxkbt;, of Melbourne, Baid he wanted to set before the meeting aotae reasons for plunging into the great warwiti which the 19th century was' closing. The population of the world might be divided into three circles of 500,000,000 each. The first of these was China and adjacent countries; the second was India I and Africa; the third, Europe and America, with the islands of the sea. Only in the thitd circle could it be said Christianity was in any sense the religion of the people; and even there it was by no means universal. The great-masses of humanity were without the knowledge of Christ No doubt many of his audience jhad read i" Toe Light of Asia." He would say in tbe name of God that the pic tare there drawn was false. The"joy aad'ligtit and happiness referred to in the poem .were not to be found in India or China. Tn Afriw^ notwithstanding all *h*t had -beea done,* tiie slave trade was etui practised. The true mission ofreligion was to save and free from &e-bondage; of passion; Twt I** A'fwyn^ fShit,^ and India the priests were the worst specimau of the people. He thanked God lor the re vival of the last century. He did. not care if they called it die Methodist rerivaL. He called it the revival of the doetrineof the Holy Ghost; it was the revival of .holiness and truth. .The present century had given to the-Church tbe gospel of consecration, which was thegnapd of obedience. Jesus Christ .ana the > tot greatest, grandest mufaonary, ' and Se had laid his commandment on the Church Co evan gelise the world. i* >fa>T**fc'wy aHiniiiiil? mf the work of the society in Melbourne were also given. ? ? ' : ..'."? .' , . ; ??', On the motion of the Bey. T, "Webb. seconded by the Bey. W. G. M&B8H;, * hearty rote-of thanks was accorded the Uovamoraad iba-speakjonof theevening; ' .'' '' V On Monday evening tbe 'Bey. Mr.-Kaix? Sve iiis recital, "The Starling,** in thelei&iixe; -11-attached to tbe Port Adelaide'Pgi&bj;* terian Church. There was a moderate atten dance, and the Bey. A. C. Sutherland pre sided. The lecturer was attentively listened to and at times applauded. The programme included" vocal items by the Hisses MoLeUan. and- Steel, of the .Goodwood Scotch choir. . - . On Sunday. tiie'-tiui?ivttsaiy oi the SiiiaV' marah Congregational Church ?aa celebrated, when the Bey. Charles Bright jmached lit the ; morning and the Bey. T> Hope in the evening.. In the afternoon -the cantata. "The building of the tempie," wan given. —On Monday even ing tea was taken in the lecture-hau, followed bj a. meeting in the cfaurch. The Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. C B. Morris) presided over the business gathering,'and therte wa? a large attendance. Mr. John Pickering gave the report. At the commencement of the year .there were 305 memhora on toe roll; £? scholars from tbe Sunday -school had been te-. ceived into membership. 10 members tad been transferred-from-other -churches, 14 received by profession of faith, 6 transferred to other chnrcbea, 14 removed from the 1011, -and 1 bad resigned, leaving^ net increase for the year of 8 members, A^eniar Endeavor Society had been started, which was progressing satisfac torily. Mr. Joseph Vardon, treasurer, had been welcomed after Ins trip to Xonjpe. Mr. F. J. Vardon after three year*' serrios as chmnnaster had-resigned,: and Me. X: G. Vf'*tUfn r l^ ilFI"' Itrf^ntf* -lii?-;?iin?MMinrtf Tha church bad pasafrisjcsolntion expressive Bey. jL Hope). The f HBTH^*il Btatemeot was niuaeuUld by tho treasurer(Mr. Joseph garden).. The voluntary offerings, amounted to £340, and tbe proceeds of a sate of goods to £91; total, income, £508. The sun of ,£65 fie. fid. debit balance of pro vioos year had been paid off, tbe church debt reduced £58, -and after ordinary, expenses had been met there was >a -credit balance of £14s. Addresses wen given by the Hers. Joseph Robertson, T. Hope, ana' Mr. H. D. Smith. The choir ?i?A?- the direction of Mr. £. 6. Jtfitton sang special music at tbe services, and Messrs. E. C. Vardon and E. L.S. Tack ofEciated at tbe organ. A small orchestra-assisted. 