WIT AND HUMOUR. A Near Approach — Little girl — ' Did you ever dream of being in heaven?' little Boy — ?' Noj not exactly ; but I dreamt once that I was right in tbe middle of a big apple dumpling. Mabel (all agitation) — ' Marie, what do you think ! Sour brother actually proposed to me during the sermon at church this morning.' Marie (nonchalantly)^—' Oh, you musn't mind that. He often talks in his sleep.' The Musipians's Wife—' Have you throughly* practised the accom paniments you are to play for Miss Amateur to-night?' The Musician — ' No, but it dosen't matter, yon know. It's ^ society musicals, and nobody evor listens.' A. — 11 Now, if I understand correctly, the first principle of Socialism is to divide with your brother man.' B. — ' Then you don't understand it correctly. The first principle of Socialism is to make your brother man divide with you.' Awe-struck Vision — ' It must be very difficult to produce such an exquisite work of art.' Dealer — ' Nonsense. Almost anybody can paint a picture ; but finding a victim to buy it after is ia painted is where the art comes in.' Mamma — 'Now, Tommy, you have caught cold again ; if you are not careful, I shall Jiave to kccj) you in the house altogether.' Tommy — ' I didn't catch no cold, mamma ; the old cold caught me. I ies didn't do nuffin but sit on the grass.' A woman's paper relates that a crusty old bachelor, not liking the way his landlady's daughter had of appropriating hie hair oil, filled his bottle with liquid glue the day before the ball to which the girl was invited. She stayed at home. 'It is wonderful what progress has been made in the way of machinery,' remarked Mr. Pigg. ' I see that there has been a machine invented that can make a pair of shoes in sixteen minutes. Why, that is faster than Tommy can wear them out School Inspection. — Jones (read ing) — ' Not a drum was heard, not a funeral note, As his corpse to the ramparts we hurried.' Inspector (interrupting)—' What is meant by 'not a funeral note'?' Jones— ' Please, sir, there were no invita tions.' A. — 'Did it ever occur to you wnat a cnanmng conversationalist P ? is?' B.-' 'Well, I don't know ; not psrticularly. 'Why ? ' A. — ' Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the Erst telling.' Bashful Itegau (after a long pause)—' I'm athinking I shall go an' 'list for a sojer, Widow Skelly.' ' Faith, thin, it's poor sojer you'll make!' ' Phwat do yez mane?1' 1 ' Oh, nothing ! only a man who kapes on callin' on a widdy for a couple of years without pluck enough to shpake his moind hasn't die makin' of a sojer in him.' A boy of five, having been scolded by- nurse for speaking about a pqin in his stomach in the drawing-room, one day astonished his mother and some visitors by infoming them thBt ' he had a headache in h is lap.' An Irishman, who had jumped into the water to save a man from drowning, on receiving sixpence from the person as a reward for his services, looked first at the sixpence and then at him, and at last exclaimed — 'I'm overpaid for the job.' Dr. Sage— 'You are troubled with headaches, and you do not sleep well. Evidently what ypu need is exercise. What is your occupation ?' Patient — ' Fm a wood sawyer.' Dr. Sage—' Well — er, suppose you do not grease your saw for a week or two.' ' There dosen't seem to be much use for you nowadays,' said the codfish, 'since they have found so many substitutes for whalebone and blubber that come cheaper.' 'No,' sighed the whale. ' About all I am good for now is to furnish the pure cod liver oil of commerce.' ' I am perfectly willing to work, mum,' said the tramp, 'but the difficulty is in finding labor con genial to my tastes.' 'What do you think you would like to do ?' inquired the compassionate woman. 'I think I'd like to be a bank manager, mum. Do you know where I could get a job of that sort f' A little boy's elder sister is much interested in photography, and gives the family the benefit of many observations about her work. The little boy w as taken to see the end of a certain criminal trial. He came home, and told his mother about it. ' The Judge made a speech to the jury,' he said, ' and then sent them off into a little dark room to develop.' ' What's this ?' exclaimed the young husband, referring to the memorandum she had given him. 'One dozen eggs, a pound of raisons, a bottle of lemon extract:, can of condensed milk, ground cinnamon, and sugar. What do you want of all these things, ^Belinda!' 'I've got a diy loaf of baker's bread.' replied the young wife, 'that I'm going to -save by working up into a bread pudding, I never let anything go to waste, Henry.' While doing some pioneer lectur ing durinz his recent visit to New Zealand, Mr. ,Hawcis occasionally found himself regarded in a dubious manner by reason of his violin. On visiting an out-of-the-way place, where 'he was going to lecture on music; a deputation of local big-wigs came to the station to meet him and escort liim to the place of entertain ment ~He alighted only to find that these august personages failed to recognise him, and he heard them inq^iijng of the fstationmaster, ' Hasn't ihe lecturer come by this train ?' ' No,' was the reply ; there's nobody come but you little chsp with the fiddle case.' 