CHRIST CHUKCIi SCilOOL BOOJ4. LA YINGOFTHE FOUNDATION STONE BY BISHOP HAKMEE. On Friday afternoon, at four o'clock, an assemblage of between two and throe hun dred persons mas present at the laying of the foundation-stone of the schoolroom •which is being built in connection with Christ Church at Kapunda. The ceremony was purely religious. Hymn 215, "The Church's One Foundation,*"' having been sung and a portion of ths> church service recited, the Incumbent of the parish (the Kev. C. S. Homabrook), on behalf of the congregation worshipping at Christ. Church, Kapunda, requested Bishop Harmer to lay the foundation -stone as a part of the build ing they were erecting as a schoolroom and tor other parish purposes. His Lordship expressed his pleasure in assenting to the request, and whilst the masons were placing tbe stone in position Psalm cxxvii. was read, after whiph the Bishop laid the stone in the faith of the Lord Jesus Christ and in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and expressed the hope that all that might be done in the building, of which the stone was a part, would be to the honor and gloscy of God- The pro ceedings closed with devotional exercises and a collection, iu which offerings to the amount of .£13 10s. were made. The foundation-stone, which is of Murray Bridge freestone, was presented by the contractor (Mr. Evan James) and bears the following inscription :— The interpretation of the mystic letters provoked some speculation among those who were more curious than conversant with the Latin tongue. The letters signify—"Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam," the English equivalent of which is—"To the Greater Glory of God." The plan consists of a room 60 feet x 30 feet and 22 feet high, two class rooms 20 feet x 18 feet, and two lobbies, with lavatories, &c.;, and a handsome entrance porch with tiled floor. The general plan of tbe building is designed upon the old fashioned lines of the Anglican buildings in the old country, and when finished will doubtless speak for itself as a thorough ecclesiastical building. The walls are of local stone with brick dressings. The roofs will be open timbered of quaint old fashioned design, and the windows through out will be oi Cathedral colored-glass in leaded lights. The foundation-stone is, at the architect's (Sir. R. G. Holwell) instruction, of freestone, not marble, it being his desire not to make this part of the building obtrusive. was held at the Institute in the evening, when the bishop was formally welcomed to Kapunda by the members and adherents of Christ Church on behalf of the Kapunda Parish. A large and representative number of members of the Anglican Church and townspeople were present. The programme of instrument and vocal music and seeches was so arranged as to allow time for social intercourse between the various itt-ms, thus the wearisomeness which generally emanates from rigid for mality was avoided, and the evening made • enjoyable. After a well-rendered piano forte solo by Miss Hooper, tbe Misses Day and Messrs. J. James and V. von Bertouch were very successful in their quartette, " Where Art Thou, Beam of Light ?" Mass Small having received approbation for her song, "She Wore a Wreathe of Boses," the Rev. C. S. Hornabeook (incumbent of Christ Church) formally welcomed the bishop. In doing fso, he explained that when his lordship visited the town last year to conduct confirmation service, in consequence of the shortness of the duration of his stay, no opportunity was afforded the congregation of the cliurcli to offer him a demonstration of welcome. The two former bishops of the diocese (Drs. Short and Kennion) took a great interest in the work of the parish, and that which especially revived their memories was, in the instance of Dr. Short, the consecration cfi tlie main part of Cbrist Church, aud associated with Dr. Reunion's good work was that of a week's mission which he conducted in the town. And now Bishop Harmer had identified himself by laying the foundation-stone (the first, by the way, he had ever laid) of a schoolroom in the parish. He welcomed DrHarmer first because he was bishop of the diocese; secondly, i he did so as a citizen of Kapunda.; and ! thirdly, because he made stronger tbe link binding them to the mother country. He extended a hearty welcome to his lordship, and hoped that he would often be seen in their midst. Mr. Homabrook then read a telegram of congratulation from tbe pre vious incumbent (Bev. G. E. Young) and also an apology for absence from the Rev. John if. Trevorrow (Wesleyan). Mr. W. St.-C. White, as people's warden, in the absence of Mr. W. H. Benham, welcomed the bishop on behalf of Christ Chorch congregation. Mr. A. J. Posies- also welcomed the bishop, and expressed the wish that his lordship would have a suc cessful career in the diocese. When refresh ments had been partaken of and the Misses Hooper had executed a pretty pianoforte duet, tbe Bisjiop rosw to reply. In returning thanks he said that that was his second visit to the town. His first was last year when he conducted confirmation service, on which occasion the number of candidate^ was, with one except tion, the greatest he bad ever confirmed in one parish. To cotrto to Kapunda was a stimulus and a tonic. ' He was pleased with all he saw ah<3f 'Tieard. Speaking of the school, he thought it a great index to the character of the church. The site was admirable, and their gratitude was due to tbe donor of the ground (Mrs. D. James) and tbearchitect (Mr. B. G. Hohvell, who was present). After a tew brief remarks on church schools, the bishop said, seeing so many ladies present, he took the oppor tunity of impressing upon them the impor tance and responsibility of exercising their franchise in favor of the referendum of religious education. He favored scriptural instruction during school hours, aud he believed in the New South Wales system, under which the historic side of Chris tianity would at least be taught. He also enlarged on the capitation grant, with which he is in favor and which he con sidered one of the moat important <juestioas submitted for some ten or twelve years In concluding he referred in terms of appreciation to the work of the vicar, and hoped to S!*e Kapunda continue to set an example of devoted loyalty, aud work " To the greater glory pf God." For the ive.l come'they had given him he thanked them sincerely and heartily. The Misses Day and Messrs. J. JamtiS aud V. von Bertouch again gained the appreciation of. the audi ence, concluding the programme with the quartette, " Sweet and Low." AMDG 1896 A SOCIAL 