GENERAL SPORTING. Athletes desirous of nominating for the Sheffield Handicap to be run off at the Chiltern Miners' Sports on 9fh November, will require to amid their entries in to the secretary, Mr. F. F. Woodward, on or before Friday next, October 23 Td.h first prize in this event will be worth £15 to the winner. Two scullers named Ford and M'Suinnesa rowed a match on the Ravmond Terrace River on Saturday. Considerable interest whs aroused amongst the friends of tbe contestants, and some brisk wagering took place on the result of the race, which was won after an exciting contest by Ford. Playing in the cricket mUch, Waverley v, South Sydney, on Saturday, C. Gregory, a younger brother of Sid. Gregory of the Australian Eleven, put up the fine score of 82 runs for the latter team. Whilst in America Mr. Harry Musgrove, manager of the Australian Eleven, is reported to have made arrangements to take a team of 20 Australian baseball players to America to play a oeries of matches in the United States next spring. At r. dinner given by the Indian Prince, Ranjitsiutii, to thn Australian cricketers at Brighton \Knx ) Ranjitsinhji said that he always felt jib if he was batting aguinet the baBt bowler in England when facing Trumb'eM bowling. W, G- Grace also has a high opinion of Trumble as a bowler. Ranjitsinhji had up to August 26th last scored 2618 runs lor tho teason. The prince is the only batsmen who has scored two hundreds in one day iu first claKS cricket. On Saturday laBt the second great bicycle road race from Warmambool to Melbourne a distance of 165 mileo tool; plnco. At 4. CO cm. ^o liRijti rijon wen (iprjt'nwoyi T^e tbseq poru^ men (J. Carpenter, A. A. Middleton, and H. Pither) were dispatched 70min. later. Middletou broke the chain of his machine soon after starting and lost his chance, The firpt man to finish waa James Carpenter at 2 40 p.m. He received a a great ovation. Following is the results: — J. Carpenter (scr.), time 8h. 40mi3. 15sec , 1 j. O'Callaghan (50min.), time 9h. 35min. 7sec, 2 ; G, Broadbent (lOmira ), time 8h. fi9min. llsec, 3 ; A. Darbysbire (35min ), 4 ; J. G. Ghost (45min.), 5 ; R. H. Boyd (55min.), 6 ; J. C. Fitzgerald (25min.), 7. Carpenter not only beat the record of last year by nearly 2 \ hours for the' full j mrney, but he established new records for . the 50 and 100 miles Broadbent reeled off the1 firat 50 miles in 2h 30min., and Carpenter in 2h. 41min. In tbe second 50 miles Broadbent took 2b. 35$miu., cr 5h 5£min for the 100 miles, and Carpenter 2h. 24min.,or 5h. 5min. for the 100* miles, Pither was the third fastest in the 100 miles, doing the journey in 5h 25min. J. W. Parsons, the Australian cyclist, arrived in Sydney on Monday evening As he himself anticipated, Parsons was defeated ia tne match; against the American indoor champion Eaton. Parsons looks in the best of health, and say* he is perfectly satisfied with his visit to England! and America. Tom and Sam Lin ton, tha famous Welsh cyclists will leave Europe for Australia at the end of October. T. Linton is the man who a short time since rode over 31 miles on a track in an hour. R, W. Lewis writes that C F. Barden, the speedy English cyclist, will also come to Australia at the end of the year. A meeting of the New South Wales League of Wbeelmen was held a short time ago, when Mr. Percv Hunter, late editor of the Australian Cyclist, was appointed secretary at a salary of £156 per annum. The treasurer, Mr. E Corlden, was voted £25 a jear, and Mr. Adrain will re ceive £52 per annum as official handicapner. T. A. Edge, the veteran English cyclist, has once more bsaten the 1000 miles road record. Edge rode over the distance from Lands End (1014 miles) in 105 hours 19 minutes, beating the previous. record by 14 hours, The Cootamundra branch of N S W. League of Wheelm n held a cycling meeting on the 7th inst., when an interesting day's racing took place. The weather was not up to the average, The racing resulted as under : — Half Mile Open Race.— -T. Gilmore, 85yds, 1 ; S. Nelson, 65yds, 2 ; 8. Taylor, 65yds, 3. Time, lmin. 8 4 5set\ One Mile Members' Race.— T. Gilmore, lOSyda,, 1 ; L. Ward, 110yds, 2 ; H MConaghey, 70ydn. 3\. Time, 2min. 32Jsec Two Miles Members* Race.— J. Gieenwood, 85yds, 1 ; S. Mutch, 10yds, 2 ; L. Ward, 170yds, 8. Time, 5min. ? 30sec. Three Mile Open Event.— W. Reid\ 160yds, 1 ; S. Nelson, 315yds, 2 j S. Mutch, 275yds, 3. Time, 8min. 1 2-5sec. Every day, writes '? Philibuster ' of the Aiit tralasian. the b cycle as a tourist vehicle ia be« coming more and more popular. AH over the world the same story is unfolded,, men and women seeking exercise, health and enjoy ment on the speedy, silent wheel, spending spare hours, days or holidays, wheeling from place to place, and experience is teaching thou sands that the bicycle is no mere toy, but that it is a vehicle of solid nsef ulness, and one which is working out changes amongst all sorts and conditions of men. The old coaching days, bo bent ficial to innkeepers, have long since passed away in most parts, and with them many of the houses which depended on coach travellers for support. A great revival, however, is setting in, and wayside houses may do well— not by coach passengers, but by bicycle tourists. Ia England, for instance, the Cyclists' Touring Club has 30,000 on the rolls, «ud the money these men expend in a year travelling from place to place along the roads, taken at an esti mate i f, say, £5 a rider, represents £150,000 pec annum, and this money is circulated throughout the country to the country's good. The League of Victorian Wheelmen, which is the cyclists' touringr club of Victoria, has recently arranged with hotels all over the colony for special rates for cyclists, and now that this has been done,ithe league might safely go further and set before town and country councils the advantages that must acorue to their districts if good roads are made and maintained. On Saturday last a pigeon shotting match for £20, 25 birds each, was shot off between Mr. F. Watson and Mr. William Plunkett, of Bowua Watson was the winner, killing 22 birds to bia opponent's 19. A South Australian telegram, dated Tuesday, announces the arrival in Adelaide, by the R M.S. Oruba, of the Viotorian cricketers A. E Tiott and J Harry, who went to England about seven months ago. Both complain of not being in good health A number of James Carpenter's pyoling friends at Geelong are making arrangements for . pre senting Carpenter with a purse of sovereigns. On Tuesday last a protest was entered ty O'Oallagban, of Teranpr, who ran second in the recent Warrnambool- Melbourne road race, against the first prize being awarded to Jos. Carpenter, of Geelong. The grounds of the protnat are that Carpenter is alleged to have been towed up a' hill near 'Wourn Fonda by one of hia tandem teams of pacers. The hill in question ia a long rise of about eight miles. 