POINTS. £B* Nbkdmi,] ;? .Heal, '^ :, . -\ Lively 'v%v' ? ?-7:- 3n Lord-8troet- -Safe- bind,, Bafe'flncl. The Burglara got nothing1. But they wore close, very close ! JBimrj Jtung Jias boen destroyed * ; -Two hundred men takon off an ice floo ThoGovornoEtfoturns to Perth next iweok, Eows'stfll.going on about the ? Aus tralian. Eleven. Bishop'GibnoyiBJingry with- Cool gftrdie, Itonaon— -nun, The Emperor of Austria- offers to mediate betweoaEngland and Germany. A KationaljReform'League, A'Tother ,iflidoi^t'.JiOagueJ.rjmd'--'ft- JFreo Drinks .league. Diamond1 out ^Diamond. Cannibal eata- -Cannibal Wn' the Biainarok Archi pelago* ThoMetj^and the West Potths meet ({hi&afternoon;^and the game- will bo close. Tha^imomployod in Melbourne are still-worrying for more ' publio works todo-o-o!' I see' from The- Morning Herald that Paris is in England, I nlwaya thought — oh, ..its a racehorse! , One of The Herald Angels has sent tho followiujjjxmit for Mr, Sholl s— Polite- ness ia a mixtiue of discretion, com pkisauoo,.and circumspection, spread over all wo do and say. The White-haired £cnj has gone on hia annual 'wayze-gooso' to-day. Whioh may account for any little ' erratics 'noxt week, Apropos of the Venezuela Dispute. Tho London Qlobe states that parrots only cost sevonpence oaoh in America. As wo havo all seen lately, talk is cheap out there. Sir John Forrest, who is no Bylph', is now filling the following positions:— Preuuor, Colonial Treasurer, Colonial Seorotary, Minister for Eailways! Direotor of Publio Works, Minister for Defence, Minister of Charitable Institu tions, Minister for Emigration, Minister for Audit, Minister for Harbours and Lights, Minister for Stored, Ministor for, Agriculture, Minister for Police and Minister controlling tho Medical1 Printing and Registry Departments, Minister for Gaols and Meteorological Minister. Next \ Great Ctosflr's Ghost ! What's this ? ' A man named Augustus Ctosar was atabbed in a Sydney slum yesterday. Ctesar is a gentleman of colour who, with his wife, earns a livelihood by rag pioking.' ' To what baso uses do we como ?' ' Many happy returns ' to King Humbert of Italy— whose 52nd birth day is celebrated to-duy. THE WOMAN WHO —— . Now, I've known a fow types of tho New Woiu an school, And tho first was so maeouline, poor little fool, That she grow a moustache— women don't as a rule — ? But Bhe was ' the woman who did.' And her sister resolved to be in the same olass, So with lamp oil anointed her lip ; but, alas! She was too noar the fire— she is now neath tho grass ! For she was ' thu woman who didn't.' Now tho next was a ' Vigilant,' going atuighta To variety temples and similar sights, Whore ahe used to find fault with tho ballot- girls' tights, For sho was ' tho woman who would.' ' Most unladylike dresses ! ' sho told sister ICato j And her sister agreed, though at balls up to date She saw not that her costume com menced a bit late, For sho was 'the woman who wouldu't.' Now, the noxt ono was so clover j but if you should ask Whethor sho was a beauty, to answer's a task i But sho used to go out without wearing a mask, Though sho was. 'the woman who should.' Sho'd a red head of hair, and her sister in joko, Usod to bellow out ' Fire ! ' and do claro she smelt snioko ; But, as she wore a wig, 'twus a pity she spoko, For she was ' the woman who shouldn't.' Now, tho seventh Now Woman, I hap poned to strike Was a lady who snid, ' I shall do as I liko ! ' So sho kopt broaking records oaoh week on her ' biko,' For sho was ' tho woman who coxild.' And hor sister sought fame in a similar walk, But sho failed, bocauso — well, 'twas the neighborhood's talk That sho limped with ono log, and tho other whs cork ! So sho was 'tho woman who couldn't.' Mr. F. F. Kennedy's variety tronpo will mako it3 first appearance iu the Fromantlo Town-hall to-night. A good programme has beon propnrcd. In consequenco of Tuesday next boing St. Patrick's clay, tho leading shopkoopors in Freni.fvntlo.hnvo dooidod to closo their premisoB at 1 o'clock sharp on that afternoon. This arrange ment will take the pluco of tho usual Wednesday half-holiday. 