The Outpouring- oí the Spirit. A SERMON FOR WHIT-SUNDAY. (By the Rev. Andrew Murray.) And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak, as thc Spirit gave them utterance.-Acts ii. 1-4. In the outpourings of the Holy Spirit the work of Christ culminates. The adorable mystery of Incarnation in Bethlehem, the great Redemption accomplished on Calvary, the revelation of Christ as the Son oí God in the power of the Eternal Life by the Resurrection, His entrance into glory in the Ascension-these are all preliminary stages ; 'their goal and their crown was the coming down of tho Holy Spirit. As Pentecost is the last, it is the greatest of the Christian feasts; in it the others find their realisation and their fulfilment. Ir. is because the Church has hardly acknowledged this, and has not seen that the glory of Pentecost is the highest glory of the Father and the Sou .that the Holy Spirit (has not yet been able to re- veal and glorify the son in her as He fain would. -Let us see if we can realise WHAT PENTECOST MEANS. Man was to be a temple for God to dwell in; he was to become the hoirne in which God could rest. The closest and most intimate union, the indwel- ling of Love in love; this was what the Holy one longed for and looked forward to. What was very feebly set forth in type in the temple in Is- rael became a Divine reality in Jesus of Nazareth; God had found a man in whom he could rest, whose whole being was opened to the rule oí his will and the fellowship of his love. In Him them was a human nature, possessed by the Divine Spirit; and such God would have all men to be. And such all would be, who accepted of this Jesus and His 6(pir,it as their life. His death was to remove 'the curse and power of sin, and make it possible for them to receive his Spirit. His resurrection was the entrance of human nature, free from all tho weakness of the flesh, into the life of the Deity, the Divine Spirit-life. His as- cension was admittance as Man into the very glory of God; the participation by hu- man mature of » perfect fellowship with God in ©lory in the unity of the Spirit. Arnd yet, with all this, the work was not yet complete. Something, the chief thing, was still wanting. Kow could the Father dwell, in men even as He had dwelt in Christ? This was THE GtREAT QUESTION to which Pentecost ©ives the answer. It ls only in the light of all that preceded Pentecost, of all the mighty sacrifice whicfh God thought not too great if He might dwell with sinful men, that the narrative" of the outpouring of the spirit can be understood. It is the earthly reflection of Christ's exaltation in beaven; the participation Ho gives to His friends of the glory He now has with the Father. To be apprehended aright, it needs a spiritual vision; in the story that is so simply told the deepest mysteries of the kingdom are unfolded, and the title-deeds given to the*Church of her holy heritage until her Lord's return. What the Spirit is to be to believers and the Church, to the ministers of the word and their work, and to the unbelieving the world, are THE THREE CHIEF THOUGHTS. 1\. Christ 'had promised to His disciples that in the Comforter He Himself would again come to them. During his life on earth, His personal manifested presence, as revealing the unseen Fa- ther, was the Father's great gift to men, was the one thing the disciples wished and needed. This was io he tlheir portion now in greater power than before. Christ had entered the glory with this very purpose, that now, in a divine way, "He might fill all things," He might spe- cially All the members of His body with Himself and His glory-life. When the Holy Spirit came down He brought as a personal life within them what had previously only been a life near them, but yet outside their own. The very spirit of God's own Son, as He had lived and. loved, had obeyed and died, had been raised and glorified by Almighty power, was now to become their personal life. The wondrous transaction that had taken place in heaven in the placing of their Friend and Lord on the throne of heaven, this the Holy Spirit came to be^fcli&^'itness of, yea, to communicate and m'áíhtaiH^Jlt'-.\vithin them as a heavenly reality. It is indeed' no wonder that, as the Holy Ghost córneadown_ from the Father through the glorified Son, their whole nature is filled to overflowing wdth the joy and power of heaven, with the presence of Jesus, and their lips overflow with the praise of the .wonderful works of God. Such was ! THE BIRTH OF THE CHURCH OF CHRIST; such must be its growth and strength. The firs*' and essential élément of the true 'succession oC the Pentecostal Church is a membership baptised with the Holy Ghost and with fire, every heart filled with the experience of the presence of the glorified Lord, every tongue and life witnessing to the wonderful work of His throne, and thea filling His disciples with that glory too. It ia not so much the baptism ol power for our preach- ers we must seek; it is that every individual member of Christ's body may know, and possess, and witness to, the presence oí on indwelling Christ through the Holy Spirit. It is this will draw the attention of the world, and'compel the confession to the power of Jesus. 2\. It was amid the interest and the questionings which the sigthts of this joyous praising company, of believers awakened in the multitude that Peter, stood up to preach. The story of Pentecost teaches us THE TRUE POSITION OF THE MINISTRY and the secret of its power. A church full of the Holy Ghost is a power of God to awaken; the careless, and attract all 'honest, earnest hearts. It is to such an audience, roused by the testi- mony of believers, that the preaching will come with power. It is ou-t cf such a church of men andi women full of the Holy Ghost that spirit-led preachers will rise up, bold and free, to point to every believer as a living witness to the truth of their preaching and the power of their Lord. Peter'« preaching is a most remarkable lesson, oí what all Holy Ghost preaching will be. He preaches Christ from the Scriptures. In contrast with. the thoughts of man, who had rejected Christ, He sets forth the thoughts of God, who had sent Christ, who delighted in Him, and had now exalted Him as His right hantl. All preach- ing in the power of the Htly Spirit will be thus. The Spirit is the Spirit of Chrst, the Spirit o£ His personal life, .taking possession of our per- sonality, and witnessing with our spirit to what Christ has won for us. The Spirit has come for the very purpose of continuing the work Christ had begun on ear til, of making men partakers of His redemption and His life. It could not ba otherwise; the Spirit always witnesses to Christ. He did so in the Scriptures; He does so in the bed I ever; the believer's testimony will ever be according to Scripture. The Spirit in Christ, the Spirit in Scripture, the Spirit in the Church; as long as this threefold cord is kept intertwined, it cannot bc broken. 3\. THE EFFECT OF THIS BREACHING WAS MARVELLOUS, but mot more marvellous than might be expected. The presence and power of Jesus are euch a reality, in the company of disciples; the power from on high, from the throne, so fills Peter; the sight and experience he has of Christ, ns exalted at the right hand of God, is auch a spiritual reality; that power goes out from him, ano. us his preach- ing reaches its application: "Know assuredly that God hath made Him both Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom ye crucified," thousands bow ia brokenness of spirit, ready to acknowledge the Crucified One as their Lord. The ©pir.it has come to the disciples, and through them convinces tho world oí unbelief. The penitent inquirers listea to the command to repent and believe, and they, too, receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. The greater works Christ had promised to do through, the disciples He has done. In one moment life- long prejudice, and even bitter hatred give way, to surrender, and love, and adoration; from the glorified Lord power has filled his body, and from its power hath gone forth to conquer and to save. Pentecost is the GLORIOUS SUNRISE OF "THAT DAY," the first of "those days" of which the prophets and our Lord had so often spoken, the promise and the pledge of what the history of the Church; was meant to be. It is universally admitted that' 'the Church has but ill fulfilled her destiny, that even now, after eighteen centuries, she has noe risen to the height of her glorious privilege. Even when she strives to accept her calling, ta witness for her Lord unto the ends of the earth, she does it 'too little in the faith of the Pentecostal Spirit, and the possession of His mighty power. Instead oí regarding Pentecost as sunrise, she ?too often speaks and acts as if it hod been1 noonday, from which the light roust needs begin; to wane. Let the Church return bo Pentecost, and Pentecost will return to her. The Spirit of God cannot take possession of believers beyond their capacity of receiving Him. The promise is waiting; the Spirit is now in all His fulness. Our, capacity of reception needs enlargement. It is AT THE FOOTSTOOL OF THE THRONE, while believers continue with one accord in praise and love and prayer, while delay oniy intensifies the spirit of waiting and expectation, while faith! (bolds fast the promise, and gazes up on the exalt- ed Lord, in the confidence that He will make Himself known in power in the midst of His people,-it is at the footstool of the throne that Pentecost comes. Jesus Christ is still Lord of all, crowned with power and glory. His longing to reveal His presence in His disciples, and to. - make them share the glory- life in which He dwells, is as fresh and full as when He first as- cended the throne. Let us take our place at the footstool. Let us yield ourselves in strong, ex- pectant faith, to be filled with the Holy Ghost, and to 'testify for Jesus. Let the indwelling Christ be our life, and our strength, and our tes- timony. Out of such a Church Spirit-filled preach- ers will rise, and the power go forth that will imake Christ's enemies bow at His feet. The Rev. P. Aston, Primitive Methodist minis- ter of Brisbane, Q., whose illness was recently re- ported, continuas very ill. During Cardinal Moran's trip to New Zealand, aud after the consecration of Bishop Verdon in. Dunedin, and the festivities connected therewith, his Eminence proceeded by train to Christchurch, receiving many demonstrations of welcome along the line of route. Thence the Cardinal-Archbi- shop and his party left by steamer for Welling- ton, joining the steamer Mararoa on May 8 foi, Sydney. The visit, though brief, was exceeding- ly pleasant, and thoroughly enjoyed by the Arch- iepiscopal travellers. The general assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland met week before last, the retiring Moderator (the Rev. J. Crookston) open- ing the proceedings. The Rev. J. S. Pollock was appointed Moderator for the current year. Suc- cessful meetings were held, and among its busi- ness is reported the fact that the assembly found that the session of Ann-street, Brisbane, had appointed Dr. Frackelton to the charge without pro- . per consultation and advice of the congregation and presbytery, but in the circumstances the arrangement will not be interfered with; Dr. Frack elton was in no way to blame. The suggestion fer a Northern Synod was referred to a com- mittee. 