Departmental Sectarianism. It is an an open secret and a patent fact to all, at any rate in Southern Queensland, -who choose to use their five senses, that Mr. T. J. Byrnes has been running the Government, for the past 12 months, and has used his opportunity to fill every possible vacancy in the Civil Service with his co- religionists. As we heard an influential Roman Catholic say the other day, " We have got our innings now, and we intend to. make the best use of it we can." Anyone taking up the Estimates will understand our charge, for increases of'salaries, where Mr, Byrnes was concerned, have been invariably given to those with the proper earmark, and to them alone. Take the Department of Justice, Mr. Byrnes' own particular charge. We find the Under-Secretary's salary raised* for what ? Is it because he is any better, wiser or efficient? Not at all, for a worse meddler and muddler it would be hard to find. Look at the appointment of Mr. Virgil Power to be Supreme Court Judge at Rockhampton, Every legal official appointed to that new Court is a Roman Catholic. Look at that dirty job tried on the other day to shunt Dr. Wray, the Government Medical Officer, to make room for Dr. Moloney, not only a Holy Roman, but '-my brother-inlaw," Why is Mr. Millman harrassed and annoyed,"except in the hopo that he will retire in disgust, And so make room for another Roman, and another brother-in law. What similar tale could not the Crown Solicitor unfold if he were asked ? Whilst the Supreme Court building in Brisbane is being filled with the "Os and the Macs and the Teagues" as fast as room can be made for them. Turn we now to the Post and Telegraph Department, presided over by another Romaii Catholic, Mr. AI J. Thynne, where by some peculiar' jigglery, the . transfers and preferments have all gone to tine ^j^cnlatv classy and we are presented-, with . the extraordinary topsy-turveydoiii o£the junior and senior being transferred to the same place, the former now being boss over the latter. Why is this thus,? and echo answers, why ? Whatever the Reason, the whole "department is up in arms, complaining that good and efficient officers have been treated with the grossest injustice, whilst others have been promoted with the most Bnameless partiality, sectarianism sticking out a foot. Certainly Mr. Thynno and the Under-Secretary assert their inimpeachable good faith with reiterated asseveration, but methinks " they do protest too much." To us, as to all reasonable persons, it is a matter of perfect indifference what particular form of religion any man professes. Be he Jew* Turk, heretic or infidel, we neither know aor care, so long as he is a good citizen, and faithfully does his duty in that station'of life to which he has been called. But when unprincipled and priest-bossed politicians use their political power to improve the social position of certain individuals because of their religion, then, we hold, it is time to speak out plainly* and to protest. Specious and plausible as Messrs. Byrnes and Thynne may be, even they hardly dalle assert that no other CiVii servants could be found equally, if not better, deserving than those lately foistfed into such good billets, especially the legal ones. Why then were they picked out for promotion ? All such able men, all Roman Catholics ; sUrely a strange coincidence, unless the old rub stands good ; make hay while the sunshines. "It is our innings now, and we intend, to make the best use of it." What has the Civil Service Board got to say about these promotions? Such unannuity is indeed a . coincidence, as strange as that occasional election of a Pope, by what th£> Cardinals used to call " the inspiration of , the Holy Ghost," but what outsiders knew to be the result of wholesale bribery and corruption. Not that we accuse the Civil Service Board of being thus guilty, not for one moment would we hint at such suggestion, but we do charge them with being weakly amenable to political and Ministerial influence, and seeing the component parts of that Board—all old Government hacks—inheritors of and actors in the disreputable nepotism of bygone days, we cannot imagine how they could be other than they are, or declinetoadmit the claims of religionism when so influentially backed, vice nepotism deposed for the time being. After all, this is the most fatal policy possible that Roman Catholic politicians can pursue, being one bound to revert with added interest ere long on their own heads. James II. tried it on in England, anl the result was that he lost his crown and kingdom. Whilst every student of Victorian history knows the fato of the O'Shaughnessy Ministry, which swamped the departments with their co-religionists, and then fell from power, through that one supreme act of folly, never to rise again. Heaven knows we are no fanatics, that we despise political Protestantism as much as we do political Catholicism, and we are bitterly loath to raise the sectarian banner of religious differences, but we shall be compelled to do it in self defence if this sort of thing does not cease at once and for ever. The complaint just now is that we have no great political question to deal with at the ensuing general elections. How would they like Protestantism v. Catholicism as a test question, and is there any doubt as to which would ffifoo^lpftfejMft matter was fairly fought voutt,C¥Ke. abommable doctrine of " has not yet been introduced into Queensland party warfare, as in America, but it will be if the Roman ! priesthood x)o not cEt&seJctifn; conspiring against our Education Act with, lying plenary letters full of the suggestiofalsi, and Roman Catholic poiiti- \- cians from filling the * Civil * with their partizans because* thej Roman Catholics, and thlrefd ing tools in any unscrupulous chicane or malevolent plot against* rights and liberties of their fellow-colonists. We respect every man's religion, and we do not begrudge the Roman Catholics their fair share of Government favours. But it is not because they are Roman Catholics, but because they are otherwise deserving and flitted for the positions. If the first necessity for employment or promotion is that a man must be a Roman Catholic or of any other religious denomination, his capacity and deserving being ignored, to the detriment of other aud bettermen, then the time is come for all honest men to rise in their might aBd to crush at once such nefarious, Jesuitical tricks. And the way to commence 4s. to remorselessly reject every Roman Catholic candidate who stands before them lor election, the revanche will come later on. 