STHE CUSTER MASSACRE. It was in January 1876 that:. Geno. Custer Terry, and Crook began a' ca.i paign-against the SiouxinoMontana. " At Rosebud on the Yellowstone, Terry estahlish'ed a camp and Custer kept on the search for iedakins. Crook was detained in another direction, which left Ouster with a small force of men. Old Sitting Bull was the medicine man;of the Sioux and gave them advice as to what they should do. - On:. June 25, Custer struck Sitting Bull's trail and followed it into the Little Big Horn valley. Custer expecting a battle detached Major Reno with seven ;com panies to cross the Little-Big Horn river, isnd attack the enemy from the west. Custer dashed off to the right, Reno was on' the left and Benteen in the centre. Custer soon disappeared in the valley and immediately after Reno and Benteen were surrounded be In diana,' and 24 hours they fought desperately against overwhelming odds. While Reno and his men were battling for their lives they heard firing in the direction taken by Custer. It only lasted a few minutes and then ceased. Then Terry arrived from the Yellow stone camp and Reno's command was saved. TheIndias had all disappeared before Terry arrived. A search was then made for Custer. He was soon found dced with his men. Major Reno w... trirrl hy Court Martial fr failing to support Custer. He was a ruined man, but there have always been doubts as to the justness of his punishment, for it is thought by many that Reuo did well to save his command from massacre. And many people were not slow in blaming Gon. Custer for dashing into the trap hIedid, when by I a little strategy he might have, given hattle tb thq reds and inflicted a severe punishment upon them. But he waited for no one and some who knew him well say that his desire to win all the glory for Custer, led him, to charge the enemy instead uf waiting for Reno. Bnt, who can tell I Custer died and not one of his brave band was permitted to esoapo to tell the history of that charge. I Such is the brief history of the Custer t massacrr. It is omany years now since that - desperate charge was made by General Custer, and during those years I met with men who had visited the Custer battle field. I also met a numober of Sioux who were in the battle, and from I different sources I picked up all the a intorimation I could in relation to the massacre. Sone years ago I met Frank Yates, an Indian agent. Frank had a brother in the 7th Cavalry (Custer's regiment) who died by Caster's side. When I saw Yates he had charge of old Rain-in the-Face, a chief who took the lead in i the Custer massacre. Rain-in the-Face was the Indian who, after the battle, cut out Tom Custer's heart, and bit a pltce oat of it. Tom Custer was a brother of Gen. Custer, and when Ruin-in-the-Face cut his heart out he was fulfilling a vow. Some time before the Sioux went on the warpath, Tom Custer had struck Rain-in-the-Face for some trivial matter. The old Indian looked at him in the face and said : 'Tom Custer, I will cut your heart out for that some day.' He kept his vow. Gen. Custer's body was not mutilated, and his death was sudden for he was shot in the head. But let us not call it a battle, for it was simply a massacre. ' Lately there has been a number of stories published in regard to Custer, and among them is one related by a soldier who was left behind with Banteen when Ouster started off to find Sitting Bull. This soldier says that he was one of the first men to reach the Custer battle field, and from the signs which he saw he came to the conclusion that Custer and hia men were not given a chance to strike one blow. The men lay in rows upon the ground ?~nd they had evidently fallen together. They rode into the very kroup of the Indians, who were concealed not fifteen feet away when they poured a volley into the little band which literally melted away like smoke before a breeze. Custer's cavalry,'the Seventh regi ment, was always the bitterest foe of the Sioux. The Seventh had harassed the Indians for years and the Indians were glad of a chance to wipe' out a third of the entire regiment. Years after when the ghost dancing began, and the Sioux war broke out at Pine Ride agency, the Seventh was again sent into the field co face their old foes, and it was then the old.Seventh came very near --heing- annihilated. The regiment was surrounded and actually being overwhelmed by numbers when the Eleventh arrived and saved the old regiment. And the regiment which came to the rescue was a negro regi ment. Try'NzcorsoeN Baos., Butchers, Frank in-street. Traralcon, with your Opossum, Kangaroo, and Wallaby Skins. 