' NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS."> '" The other 'day an English reviewer severely bandied some o£ the current words and phrases which are used in American literature so freely -tor purposes of description, or ot emphasis. Es pecially he objected to the use of "struck by a cyclone" as purporting to convey the state of a person upon whom sudden and disastrous experl- ence has come. The phrase may not bring a , clear meaning to readers In other parts of the world where cyclones are Infrequent, and at their worBt but pale Imitations of tho American origi nals. But It was coined for the home market, and has meaning enough for those who livo where the whole atmosphere occasionally bolts at the rate of eighty miles an hour or so, and clears the wholo road as it goes. Now that tho full particulars of tho St. Louis visitation of the 27tli of May are to hand, the explanation of why tho phrase objected to has been approved by the American public for use In desperate cases is clear. There have been many previous records of frightful storms in tho Republic, but none of any which was accompanied with such wreck age, death, and dramatic Intensity of horror. That Is because the wild gusts which have swept the prairies did not ever before come Into such direct collision with a great city. At 6 o'clock on a very liot afternoon tho St. Louis people no- tlcod that some huge black clouds with red edges were rapidly coming up, and remarked that a drop: of rain would be good for tho country. Just thirty minutes later by any local timepiece which had not been stopped by the concussion, the whole thing was over, and the city was In ruins, with hundreds of dead and wounded lying under the remains ot their homos or shops. Nothing more dreadful was ever conceived by the trained imagination of fanciful writers than tho swift destruction which overwhelmed the city. All the shipping on the river save a few steamboats, Which were flung up among the houses, was wedged into a solid mass, and rubbed along 'grinding and crashing against the banks and wharves. The trams were toBsed about like dried leaves, and Just as a big train load of passongers raced across the great railway bridge. Its . stone ( towers were blown down across the line. Thir- teen big . fires started and raged while people caught In fallen electric wlreB wore being tor tured to death in tho darkness that camo down. , The hospital was shaken to pieces, and scores of invalids fled like ghosts through tho streets, while the worst elements of society had the revolvers of tho best held against their foreheads to. prevent looting. Theso are only a few of tho (eatures ot halt an hour In St. Louis. ' "Lord Sklndeep, when commercial woe upon the! nation presses, Illuminates our clock and so 'he lightens our distresses," Thackeray wrote. Tile average private member who frames a bill ; of ' his own has pretty much the same conception of what the country requires. That Victoria Is In a very bad general condition just now the .best friends of that colony freely admit, though if they didn't tho fact would remain. In splto of sharp economy in tho public departments, and retrenchment of expenditure which leaves un- mended -roads all over the country, things are not becoming visibly better. The Government shows no sign of having anything likely to be effective In restoring prosperity up its sleeve, so the pri vate member comes to the rescue with his legis lative offerings. One of theso has just succeeded in getting through tho Assembly a bill to punish persons for selling seeds which havo been dyed, or made otherwise to seem what they are not. 1 .'Another is forging a law to keep municipal poll ing places open later than at present. A third has in hand a bill to amend tho Dog Act. This patriot thinks that the crying need of the hour is a relaxation of tho taxc3 on dogs. Instead of those on men, women, and children. Every Vic torian, he maintains. Bhould In tho present de pressed state of Industrial and commercial Inte rests be allowed to keep one dog without paying a One for so doing, notwithstanding that he can't keep one ot his own children without paying In directly a much heavier line. Tho political wis dom which, still passes current down south adopts precisely the same method tor Increasing the human population as they employ for reducing tha number of dogs, and continues to marvel because in both cases It has the same effect. To removo the dog tax would be a pitiful little effort to relieve householders, about one-third of whose Income Is takon from them by one kind or State Impost or another. Still, it would be better than nothing, and Its probable effect In causing the increase of yelling curs could be cancelled by doubling or trebling tho present amount of taxa tion upon every additional dog above the one ex empted. That would be at least a more up-to- uuiu uuuuii IUUU ijuttui u|iiiiig Liie iiuviiaca ut gio» ccrs, who seek to multiply the number of their , shops. The unfortunate man who jumped off the Par- ramatta bridge tho other day with a view to com mitting suicide, but afterwards changed his mind and swam out, had .one of the most humiliating experiences that could fall to the lot ot anybody: to be taken away In a soaked condition by tho police, and afterwards lectured by tho Bench on the enormity of tho crime of self-destruction and the necessity for putting It down with a firm hand; Especially cruel Is this fate wlioh, as in the Parramatta case, tho Intending suicide writes , farewell letters which he may have to hear read over in court, as evidence against him. Tho most melancholy instance I know of a well-laid scheme of suicldo going agley and landing the contriver ot it In Wholly unexpected difficulties .happened in the United States not long ago. 'A tramp who had been In trouble with the ma gistracy determined that he would "set up Ills everlasting rest and shake the yoke of inauspi cious stars from Ills world-wearied flesh," as ho expressed It In a letter to tho police, which con tained biting references to them and the magistracy aforesaid. It contained 1 also an enumeration of undetected crimes which tho writer had committed, n regret that In a community whose laws were administered by persons absolutely brainless, he hadn't done more and worse crimes, and a flip pant hope that ho would meet them all on tho other side, and talk matters over more fully. But he met them on this side, and things were gone Into with sufficient fulness. Ho had fixed ,up a primitive guillotine In an old barn, and ' meant to dlo In tho most comfortable manner possible. A sharp scythe-blade, heavily weighted, . was hung up by cords which were soaked In kero sene. Tho Inventor then lighted a candlp, whleli, In a given number of hours, would burn down ito' the cords, took laudanum, and placed himself in position. Somebody came along, though, who blew out tho light, and on recovering conscious ness, the Intending suicide found himself In the hands of the reviled police, charged as a rogue and a vagabond, with moro to follow. The moral ur which Is that no one should write farewell letters when in doubt about whether tho leave- taking will bo a genuine, practical affair, Mr. Reld's proposal to hold an Australasian Ex hibition In 1399 is a good ono intrinsically. If It is carried out with a due regard for economy, .there Is probably no way in which the consider able amount of public money it will cost could be moro advantageously Invested. As a means of extending our trade with other countries it would probably prove moro effective than any other of the plans -on which. In tho aggregate, a good deal of money is being expended. Sydney is ra pidly becoming what It will ultimately be, the chief wool-buying centre of the world. Sydney Is the principal port of tho country In which trade has fewer restrictions legislatively placed upon It than In any other country. All the good that has been done In securing representation for this colony in tho exhibitions of tho others, or In tho great shows of other nations, would probably be far less than would follow anything like a wor thy display hero of the best that we can produce. Befpro the time named tho intelligent policy adopted by this provinco should, If It Is going Ito provo tho success expected, havo induced the neighboring colonies to think better of free- trade than they do at present, and make them willing to follow suit, even if Queensland suc ceeds In blocking federation. As a relief work pure -and simplo, such an exhibition as could bo get together would probably be much more proflt- able to the country generally than most of thoso which have been, or are being, carried out. Tho amount of hard cash spent In tho metropolis and In going through the country by visitors from tha rest ot the colonies and of tho world would give a considerable lift to thousands of pooplo, and with careful administration the show could b 3 made to return a considerable part of tlio cost. It would need to bo run on much better business lines than such undertakings in the past, though sinecure billets, "soft things" In pamphlet-writ ing, prize poems, and cheap advertising and re tail selling agencies would have to be rigorously guarded a gainst— especially prize poems, which often get Into the papers, and lower tho standard of public taste. Given rigid observance ot this and other necessary, conditions, the project Is a com mendable ono. The Government seems to have introduced quite a new feature in public financing, which does not, however, seem to bo a success. This Is tho plan of collecting money before It Is due. In connection with Income tax liabilities, the com missioners In announcing the some to the most fortunate section of tho community, mentioned briefly that their liquidation was required within a certain time, which was more than 60 per cent, loss than that allowed under tho law. Now tho Public Works Department havo been dunning tho Albury Council for tho paymont of a further trifle off that waterworks debt of theirs. In reply to an expression of local protest, tho department has admitted that tho money Is not legally duo until tho end of tho; year. It Is Buch an unusual thing to collect money of that kind even when It Is legally due, that tho notion of raking It in half a year In advance is a highly original' one. Pro bably tho Works Department thought that tho country would feel safer with tho cash In Its box, and probably tho country reflects tho feeling. If not' In regard to tho Albury debt, In regard to such debts generally. Tho country has had to wait so long for its money In some cases of this kind that It would about equalise things If the municipalities paid In advance, and trusted the country to supply water, just as a shearer hands his cheque to the paternal publican, and trusts to receive Its equivalent In rum before being cast out. Tho Government's Idea may not have any practical reBUlt, but it seems to show a real friendly interest in public financial affairs. 