ipb Hioruisltan. . VEF £ M .v . ' I, i. EranfcUn's Polly. By ? tliC Author of 'The Legend of Lowood,' ' Sylvia's} Vow,' '' Tlio JVlystory of tins Mill,' &u.;,' &o.; rilOLOGUE, ' I don't pay no account to bookr,' tlio cook returned, with loftyiUiddam ; ' it's poor Miss Dainton I kceptbinkingabout. I never saw such a look on any liviog face. 'Ob, ? lor' ! when I see liar come ? glidiog downstairs,1 with all that lovely white satin shining in the darkness, just, as if she'd boon a ghost, I thought I \- sbonld hare died with fear myself, tbat I did.' 'I'vosdona look like that once be fore,' the charwoman said, ominously, and then was silent. The servants shuddered at the tone of her voice, and the cook askod, falter ? ?: ingly— ? ???:.. ? ? ' Where was that, Sally 7' ' On the face of agirl as was going to die. Ay, and sho did die jnst after wards, and made a beautiful corpse when I laidher out — just like this Miss Dain . ton:'' ?????? The houseranid's teoth began to chat ter audibly, ? and1 tho cook broke in, sharply — 'Don't talk such nonsense, Sally! You ought to know bott9r at your time of life. Miss Dainton is going to be married, not to die,- so you needn't try to scare, us.' 'Old Solly raised her hand, with a gesr ture that was dramatic in its impressive ness. ' Listen !' she said, solemnly. 'There goes the death-watch, and its warning never comes in vain.' The girls held their breath, and their cheeks turned pale as the faint 'tick, ? tick,' of the ill-omened spider came to ? them monotonously from behind the wainscoting. : i' Someone's goiug to die, sure enough,' tho cook said, at length ; ?' but it can't be Miss Dainton, just when she's going to be married T' ' Stronger than her have been struck down,' old Sally answered, with a kind of mulignant delight in her evil prop hesies. ' I tell you there'll be death in this house before long. You've colled , me to lay the wedding breakfast now, but you'll soon have other work for me. It's coming, I say, it's coming, so sure as I sit here.' ? Her croaking voice died away, and there was silence for five or six minutes — WMtcrminable space under such cir . cumstances ; and then a great cry rang through the house, startling the servants to their feet/ then holding them holpless in a trance of worldloss terror. For, from tho tho room above, Iris Dointon's voice rang out in a shrill cry, which ended in a peal of hysterical laughter, that raug through the house, discordant, ? mirthless, . terrible in its meaning. , , V' 'V # '?# # - . ? On tho further outskirts of Heath field was a little waysido inn, that de pended for the most part upon the chance custom of wayfarers, with perhaps that of a few carriers who came into the town on a market day. ? .But just at present the. 'Blue Boar,' wop highly elated, for a stranger and a : reiil gentleman, too, as the landlady was careful to impress upon her friends, had takon rooms thero for two or thive nights. Tho general impress was that he was there on business connected with the wodding, but in what way that could be no one attompted to explain. Ther' stranger was 'seated at the tabic in the little sitting-room that had been given opto- his use, apparently looking, for the last time at the dates of steamers leaving port as given in Bradshaw, for lie 'turned the leaves with the air of a man who was already familiar with the book.: :L {To be Continued .) . v 