I GREAT WRONG ; or; the MXSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE.- !& 'j if"'1"1 1 'i.'v — CHAPTER VIII. — Continued. ; ' The door of, the chamber opened and Olo 1 tilde entered. Her young lady started up with an exclamation of delight. " Ah, Clotllde, my messenger baa returned ; bare you broqgbt me a letter ?" " No, miss, not a letter, only a card. Sir Harry Tresham is in the Blue Drawing-room, and begs that you will honor him with an .interview." Miss Trevetbon bit her pretty lip in bitter disappointment. "How many of them are there, Clotilda, that beg to be honored? "she cried, pfetulantly. "It was Sir Hartwell yesterday, it is Sir Harry to-day, and no doubt there will be Sir Somebody else to-morrow ! Why didn't yon say I was engaged ?" Clotilda looked up at her imperious and beautiful mistress with imploring eyes. " I wish you could fancy one of them, Miss Lenore," she said, wistfully ; " it might be better for you I" " So it might, Olotilde, but I can't do it, and I wish they wouldn't bother me. 1 must go down, I suppose, or we'll have Sir Harry back again to-morrow. Watob for the messenger, and take charge of any lettemtbat come." And the young lady swept oat and down the stairs to meet her titled lover. He met her almost at the door of the draw ing-room, a handsome gentleman, and one of the best matotaes of the season. " Miss Trevetbon," he said, when the com pliments of the day had been passed. " You know why I am here, no doubt, before I tell you? I am ordered off to Belgium, and must leave England in a few days, I have come for my finnl answer." " Sir Harry, I thought you bad already re ceived it?" smiled Miss Trevetbon. The smile encouraged the ardent suitor, and be mada bold to clasp the band he coveted, but she drew it awajr. " Ah, Miss Trevetbon,'.' ho sighed, " do not trifle with mo, You would not if yoa could read my heart." " I have no wish to trifle with you, Sir Harry. I gave you my answer a week ago." " But I come again, hoping you may revoke your decision." " I cannot I" " Miss Trevetbon, may I ask why ? I have heard that the marriage enjoined by you) late father's will is repugnant to you." "You have heard rightly, Sir Harry. It will never be formally solemnised by a legal cere mony." ' Then, will you not suffer me to hope, Miss Trevcthon?" She looked up into his eager, impassioned face. " Sir Harry, do you know that by refusing to marry my cousin, I lose all my father's heritage?" she asked. The young nobleman bowed. " And yet you nsk me to be your wife ?" ' " I do, indeed, It iB your peorluaa self I want, Miss Trevetbon ; my own wealth is ample." She Bmiled sof tly, and her eyeB filled with tears. "Despite the mystery which hange over my poor father's name, you would give bis daughter the honor of bearing your own?" she murmured. " Oh, Miss Trevethon, is it possible that I understand you ? Is there indeed hope for me?" cried the young man, flushing with . eager delight. ' ' She waved her fair hand with a gesture not to be miaund'efsidod. " Nay, Sir Harry ; I really wish I could re ward your generous love, but it cannot be 7 You see this tiny circle," and sbe drew from „ her bosom tbe'golden chain from which tho "' little marringe ring hung ; " it iB a symbol of the bondage which I dare not break, which I would not if I could." " Then you intend to marry your couein, Miss Trevetbon?" " No, I shall never become Richmond \- Trevethon's wife ; but at the same time, I must consider forever saered the cere mony which my fatbor witnessed and sanc tioned." " Why, Miss Trevetbon, you cannot mean that you will never marry?" She bowed her queenly head. " Sir Harry I shall never marry. Since I cannot take the husband of my father's ohoos ing, I will have no other." He began an impatient remonstrance, but ahe out him short. "Spare yourself the pain and me the hearing, Sir Harry, eince your wordB aro wasted. I repent, I wish I could reward your generous lore, but friendship is all I have to give." And thus they parted as Miss Trevethon and half a score of her Buitors bad parted be fore; "That is over," Bhe sighed, asshereasoended i the stairs. " I wonder if my heart is ice, that none of them has power to move me ? I bate : my chains, and yet I would not break tbem : If I OOUld." Her guardian confronted her as she was passing tho library door. "Ah, Lenorc, my dear, I was on the point of sending for you. Come in ; I have some thing to Bhow you." She fallowed him in silence through the stately library, and into the cedar boudoir beyond. " You have bad a visitor, my dear ?" be re marked, as he led her to a seat and proceeded to draw aside the curtains. "Yes— Sir Harry Tresham," replied Lenore, indifferently. " Yes, yes ; I forgot to toll you to expeat him. Ho called on me yesterday with a second offer for your hand in marriage, and, of oourse, I referred him to you. I hope vuu gave the poor fellow a final answer; he's dreadfully in earnest, anu it is oruel to keep him in suspense." " I gave him a final answer, Sir Geof frey." "Ah, that was right. You refused him, of course, my dear?" Miss Trevethon's eyes began to flush, but she bit her lip, and answered, quietly : " I refused him." " I -am glad of that, my dear. And now I have a little surprise for you, I have been planning it for weeks, my dear, and I trust you will be pleased. Now, look here." He drew aside the eilken hnnglnge which separated the aeder boudoir from a small ante, room and Lenore barely suppressed a ory of surprise, and admiration at the sight that greeted her eyes. The entire room was in. a shimmer ot Bilks and laces ; robes of tho coBtllest fabrics and most exquisite designs, a bridal veil that shone like hoar frost, surmounted by a wreath of orange-bloom, onmn inlaid, table a moss of fallen stars. Sir Geoffroy watohed'-her for an instant with sugar syes, and then oontlnued : "Yon oan guess what all these fineries mean, of course V Your bridal trousseau, Miss Trevethon, and a more extravagant ono never touched English shores. And there are your jewels, all reset and rearranged, and too quaea Gould not wish a finer selection. I hope you are plewodmy dear ?" Tid∨® stood silent a moment from sheer amassment, then she raised her cool, oalm oyos to her guardian's fAoe. « 1 ttuftt give yon credit for yonr taste In selection Sir Geoffrey," she repiiod. «» Ttie trouMi&u; could not be more elegant ; but it would hare been wiser to have consulted me before yon ordered it. You bare wasted con siderable money to no purpose." 0Teu the baronet re- upended) you are ifea fint woman I ever mot who found fault with her wedding finery bfttuuie it Qost too muoh money. I fancied yon would be pleased at that. However, set tow poind ntoMe, for yon can well afford W managed your fortune well, SW8FI:bflVfliuWed;wHlI6tlFeinoip remains intact."''' . sMThorglrl earlsd her lip in indignant scorn. ' p-VPray. do not affect to misunderstand me, tot Geoffrey," she said. " You knn.w my mean ing woll. I do not object to the outlay. There was no need to orderthetroussiau,forI Bhall never wear It." "Why, Lenore, ay love, what ran yoa mean?" " Yon know, sir ; but you shall hear again if you lilco. I mean this : that I hare no need of wedding robee, because f shall never marry." The baronet laughed good humoredly, ' " Pshaw, my dear ; that's all nonsense I " " I beg your pardon, Sir Geoffrey. But I am in earnest. What I told you in the High lands I tell you here — I never will marry your son. It'grieves mo to disobey my father's will, and I am sorry to take the Trevetbon wealth out of your bandB, Sir Geoffrey, but there is no help for It. You know me, and when I tell you that I have fully decided,' yoa will not seek to induce me to change my mind, for it would be a mere waste of words." She arose to leave tho boudoir, but her guaidian faced her, a curious change coming over his smiling face, " You mean that I shall understand, then, that you refuse ro marry my son ? " " I do I " " What if I command yon 1 " She laughed in imperial scorn. " It I dare disobey my dead father's com mand, I shall not hesitate to diBobey yours, »ir 1 " " It bat it 1 force you ? " Her eyes flashed defiance. "Force, Sir Geoffrey? Do you venture to use anch a word? Yon cannot force me I If you presume to try, I shall resist and defy you I " "I am your guardian, and my power is supreme 1 Girl, you will do well to submit to my wishes. I have granted you every in dulgence all your life; but you shall not thwart me in this. Do yoa think I will suffer a whim of yours to make my only son a beggar, instead of being one of the wealth- East baronets in England? I tell yon, you Matt obey your dead father's will and marry him." "And I toll you I will not, Bir," she an swered, fearlessly. He caught her arm, and held it withagrip that braised the delleate flesh ; hiB cruel eyes glared upon hor liko the eyes of a wild beast ; his breath scorched her teeth. "You fool," he hissed in her ear, "if you resist iny will I will murder you I" The girl tore herself free of bis hand, all the dauntless blood of her race glowing in her fair cheeks. " You coward I " she cried, " to inBalt and threaten a woman, and one of your own name. Bnt," sbe added, as she turned towards the door, "you are not a Trevethon ; there iB some mistake. You aud.your son are alike ; you do not come of my race, for they were ait brave and chivalrous gentle men." He sprang at her with a ory like a growl of a panther, " What ? " he gasped, clutching at her dross, " What do you say ? Do you dare imply that I nm not a Trevothon ? " She tore her skirts free, leaving the silkeu fragments in his hands. " I say you are a coward, sir, and your son inherits your fine qualities," she repeated, her voice ringing like a trumpet ; " and I do not believe one drop of the Trevethon blood rune in your veins." She strode like an empreS from the library, and he stood where she left him, his face white, his eyes glnring. " What does she mean ? " he panted. " If I thought she suspected the truth sheshould not live an hour." Lenore went straight to her apartments and rang for Olotilde. " I shall not dress," she said quietly. " You can have my dinner sont up. I shall be busy this evening and shall need your assistance. I want my bestolothiug packed up, fori shall leave Lyndith Hall to-morrow." " Miss Lenure I " " Yes, Olotilde, I am going. Sir Geoffrey and I have quarrelled, and I must leave Lyn dith Hall." The woman's eyes filled with tears. " My poor, dear child, where will you go?" Lenore put forth her slim hand and patted her attendant's pale cheek, " Don't fret, Olotlldo," she said ; " I shall find a home somewhere. The little brown birds live in the hedges, and not a sparrow falls without God's notice. Are we not worth more than many spnrrows I We shall not starve or perish from cold I Of course, Olo tilde, you will go with me I " The woman clasped her bands with a ges. ture of unutterable oain, her eyes fall of a dumb misery that was terrible to see. Lenore looked at hor in utter astonishment. " Why, what is the matter with you, Olo tilde ? " she cried. " For pity's sake don't wear such a face as that. You need not go with me unless you are willing. I was sure you would be, or I would not have mentioned it." "I am willing. Oh, Miss Lenore, I would follow you to the ends of the earth," the poor creature sobbed," " but— bat— I dare not I " " You dare not, Olotilde ? and why, pray ? Do you fear Sir Geoffrey? Yoit need not look so terrified. Answer me. Why do yoa fear to go?" " Don't ask me, Miss Lenore I I cannot answer." Tho utter agony of the poor soul's manner made Miss Trevethon pity her, impatient as she was of suoh mystery. " Well, 1 will notseek an explanation," sbe replied, " and you can remain behind. But you will assist me with the packing, I hopo. I wish to leave to-morrow, and desire to got among people who have no disguises. The people in this house nil wear masks, it seems to me." " Do not blame me, MisB Lenore," faltered Olotilde, as she set about her task. " Do not blama you for being bo silly, Olo tilde? Woll, I suppose I should not, Are there any letters for me this evening? " In silence Olotlldo bent over the trunk she was beginning to arrange, "Olotilde, did any letters oome this even ing? " repeated her young mistrese." The woman made no answer. Miss Trevethon turned upon her with flash ing eyeB. " Olotilde, why is if that you do not aniwer my question ? " she demanded, The woman turned round, kneeling as she was, and and raised her streaming eyes. " Miss Lenore, forgive me, but I oannot answer." "You cannot answer ? " repeated the young lady, her temper rising. " Are you demented ? I tell yoa you shall answer me. Did any letters come ? " Olotllde'e ashen lips uttered no sound. "1 see, I see," orled Leuore bitterly ; " they did come, and you hare given tbem into Sir Geoffrey's hands. Ah, you oannot deny it, You sldo with my enemy— you. Olotilde, whom I have loved since my in fancy I I expected better things of you than to desert me in my hour of trial." "Oh, heaven 1 was not my oup already full to the brim ? " moaned the woman, letting her head fall forward on her arms. " Gould not this have been spared me 7 " "Get up," Miss Trevethon commanded. " You need not trouble with tho packing ; I want no traitorous services. Leave me and go to your mostor. Go, I command you I and never dare to oome into my presence again." Without a word Clotilda arose and crept out of the room. Lenore eank into the chair and looked out of her window on the wintry aea below, " The entire household is in league against me," she murmured, "aud the soonerl go the better. I would leave at onoe'only the night Is so near. If I eould hav<? got the letter I should have nothing to regret, I am almost sure it oamo. Well, I'll go to Scotland to morrow and see if I cannot ascertain. Sir Geeflrey Trevethon Bhall be oalled to aooount for- his high-hsndod measures if he has dared to intercept my private correspond- -0 ' . "--.I . — r... Meanwhile poor Olotilde, driven from the presence ot the mistress she idolised, made her noiseless way to a small smoking-room that adjoined the library. 8he hesitated for some minutes when she reached the door, a curious expression in her poor, worn face, and'tbon she tapped twice or thrice. " Come in," answered a gruff voice. Sbe turned the knob and, entered. The. room wsb a oozy little den, luxuriously fur- Dished, and hung with sporting pictures of a low charaoter. On a velvet couch, wrapped In an elegant Turkish gown, reposed the young heir of the house, Richmond Trevo thon, a oigar between his lips, and a small ' table, on which were a decanter of brandy and a glass, drawn up beside him. I He turned as Olotilde stole in, and gave an impatient glance. "What the deuce do you want?" he de manded. Her face was a study aa she stood for an instant and looked at him, her hands pressed hard against her heart. Pain, unutterable love, and piteous despair filled her faded eyes. The young man arose, leaned entries). how, and glared acroBS tho room. " I say, what the deuce do yoa want ? Why do you Btand thero and gape at me like a fool ? Out with your business and take your ghost-face out uf my sigh." The poor oreature winced and shrank awap as if a keen blade bad pierced her. » Think of the time when he lay upon my heart a blessed infant," she murmured, undo her breath, her yearning eyesstill fixed upop his face. The baronet's son, losing all patience caught up 'he gloss from the table with t brutal oat'.,. " Oat with your business, I Bay," h' thundered, "and take yourself off. The sight o. you makes my blood run cold. I'd as so n see a corpse as your tallow.face. Do you' hear me 7 Speak quickly or I'll let a ray of light into your thick skull." " 1 beg your pardon, sir," she faltered, creeping a step nearer. " I came to speak to yon about Miss Trevethon." The young man put down the glass, and a look of interest filled his inflamed eyes. " Well, what of Miss Trevethon ?" he de manded. " Sbe is coming to bor senses, no doubt." " She's dreadfully set against hor father's will," Olotilde went on, made bold by the hope of serving the mistress she loved, " She will be miserable for life if you force her to' become your wife ; and yet, if she refuses, she loses all her father's wealth." "Onrso you I don't I know that? Is that all you have to say?" roared the hopeful heir. " If you would only have patience and bear me," continued Olotilde, ber very heart iu her mouth, yet resolute to accomplish her object. " If you would only bo generous, sir, and not hold ber to that marriage of ber ahildhood. You might refuse to marry her, you see, sir, and release her from all obliga tions to you, and then sbe could still hold her fortune, and I am sure Bhe would reward you handsomely, and you would be both so much happier." " Did she send you here with that non sense ?" interrupted her hearer. " Indeed, (sir, no. It occurred to me that if you refused her, instead of the refusing you, the fortune need not puss out of her handB ; and I thought—" " Take that for your impudence," cried Richmond, his face purple with rage ; and seizing the glass again be sent it flying at the woman's head. Bhe dodged it with a suppressed shriek of terror, and it fell with a crash at Sir Geof frey's feet as he entered tbo smoking-room. Seeing Clotllde his eyes took on their wild glare, and stalking up to the poor cowering creature, be clucchea her arm with a force that extorted a cry of pain from her ashen lips- " What's this ? What are you doing here ?" he demanded. " Why, she's here to persuade me to refuse to marry Miss Trevothon," put in tho son, sinking back into his recumbent position, " and I threw the glass at ber. I wish you would. send her out of the house. I can't see why you want suoh a dough-face about you." " I can see," the baronet replied. " I have work for her to do. Olotilde, follow me to the library." Sbe looked at him as he uttered the com mand, and she cowered and crept after him like a beaten cur, " Have you broken yonr oath ? Have you dared to tell my son ?" demanded Sir Geof. frey, as be closed the library door. " No, I have not broken my oath. I have not told him." The words dropped from her ashen lips in husky whispers. " It is well for you," the baronet made answer, olutching her braised arm again " Let me even suspcat you, and you shall die n death of lingering torture I" " 1 have suffered that for years. Oh, Heaven, will the end never oome 1" she moaned. He throw her from him with brutal force. " Silence I" he thundored. " No whimper, ing. Sit down and hear me , 1 have work foi you." Without a word she regained her feet, and sat down in the seat he Indicated, her handi folded, her ashen face like stone. CHAPTER IX. lenore swallows thb bait. The next morning Lenore sat in deop thought at ber chamber window, half in clined to send for Sir Harry Tresham, and repudiate the marriage of her youth by ac cepting him. She felt horself alone in the world, and the sense of desolation brought tears to her eyes. Sbe arose as the breakfast bell rang, hur. rtedly dried her eyes, and went down to meet her guardian. He received her at the door of the break fast parlor with a pleasant smile and a pro found bow. " My dear Lenore," he began at once, 11 1 hare been waiting for you this hour, to beg your pardon. I am a ipasBionate man, my dear, and my temper and my disappointment got the better of me yesterday. You will forgive me, my dear, and forget my hasty words ?".. The young lady bowed frigidly. " It matters little, Sir Geoffrey," ahe re plied, "whether I forgive or not. Your words of yesterday have changed our rela tions for all time. I leave Lyndith Hall to day." A curious smile was visible in the baronet'e gray eyes. "Lenore, my dear ohild — " \- a wave juymmn nan so-oay, interrupted his ward. No word of yours, Sir Geoffrey, can induce me to remain ; hence, I beg you will not trouble me with importunities. The Trevethon wealth you can manage . as you see fit, until it passes out 'of your hands. Henceforth the small income left me by my dear mother will suffice for me; and now, if you please, I will have my break- fast." She swept by him and into the breakfast room. " As the queen wills," smiled Sir Geoffrey, with a second bow. The baronet's eon was not present. He had left the Hall at an early hour to rida with thelioundB from Deerhuret, a country seat not far distant ; so Miss Trevethon and her guardian breakfasted alone. "My dear Lenore," began that worthy gentleman, stirring his coffee, " if you must leave Lyndith Hall this morning, may 1 ask where yon purpose going?" " I have not yet deelded as to my destina tion," answered Lenore, coolly, ".and if I had Sir Geoffrey, I am quite sure I Bbould not gratify your curiosity. As I told you a minute ago, your words of yeBtorday hove changed our relations forever. When a man (I will not say gentleman, Sir Geotlroy, tor gentlemen never insult women) insults me ?nce, I make it a point to give him no ohanco o repeat the indignity. You insulted and threatened me yesterday, and henceforth you and I arestrangors." The baronet's face whitened and his eyes flashed, bnt he bowed again, and repeated, 1 ; .'Tote Continued.) .. 