SA MYSTERY 1ti?, WHITE.: A DETECTIVE STORY. : \- r'It's -ot more than a -year ai ,"-said the veteran detective when asked for a story. "that I had the sttraaest experi ence of my career. ThAt's saying some thing, for, While I'miu:?t one of these men in novels who;ia put on halt a dozen di?guises in.an ev'ening or look at a little heap of cigar ashes and identlti the ma? who Sra?fked the cigar, I've seen a great deal :'tat's way out of the ComhboTn. "XA old igetileman named 'De zi called at mry so0ice one afternoon 'to em ploy my PcaftsSlonal services. ';-Iknew him by repDu'tation as a stern, gtapins g money-mralrghn man who love lt 'ohi but his Piisodssions- and his'heatic daughter.. -On her he had~ ravi·hede wealth,i ht had saddened het-'litfby preventtlfg: her marriage 'to a imasly youngbhliap who was'a l-iltn r miatcl'for her inflispearance, atltanimelits anadi his position. He was fast lsla'ltig a're'ord in t1 e'world of budsnes, buiit it 'is a rich 'di _ bachelor who 'hai passed the years of romance and 'erioymenit 'that Delil trPad elected to "have as a "-sn-in laO'. Even un?er 'the threat ? f'disin hrkitance the girl wdtild not .-ield this mercenary arrangemenrt, the 'result .be lgy a strained State 'f neutrality which !ft both aspira.ts -d r'h4r hand without 'any apparent hope of'gettinig it. " My caller w'eit tilrect'to business. 'I'm a constant an'ltleaIvy' 169r because of the theft -oe money arid jwels from my own hoce;' 'he t6old 'i.e. 'Things that are of the -mist vaiie constantly any mysteriouily dsapper. Now don't start off with fih'e'usal':questions about the servat'is. I'tsave taken pains to test r'eir hon.eaty for years and they arq -ioove siuiji!con. "I a.BTctipletely in thf dark, wimhotit'- e y'theoiits to embarras, you or aty -explanatibins to help. TYot have the n'hole job without a ray of light thrown upon it, and if you find the thief there n;ill'be no haggling over the fee. It?Willbe-wot-th much to me to get this worry dff nmy iind. Burglars that make no moise or marks and leave one's house shut up as tight as a drum tend to shatter a-mairis'nefes.,' "I 'ienet at'once into the country and neighborhood Where Denzil lived, pre tending to look for a bit of land where I could btiild'ititin easy reach of the city. T'put up at a little roadside tavern much trequented 'in the evehing by farm hands. I was'soon Interested in their gossptpibout-a ghost rthich they declar ed-l ad been-seen at'different times and by different peolble. Their awed tones and scared faces fitted the subject, and there -seemed -.to' be- some ' substantial foundation for the uncanny story. One hnusy young fellow who did not look as tbough lhewould 'be easily frightened told o'hils encounter: ""' war a gittin' home kinder late of a Sunday 'light, ai' "List as I kim to th' wcoos ayorid ble Denzil's, I mighty near iad a-ceiilssion with th' ghos'. It warn't no whrte cow er gray hoss er sheep er. rnithin' else'as- war'flesh aan' blood. It whlzzed'by me jist like it war flyin' low an' orful svif' on a broomstick. A feller's got ter blieve his own eyes.,hain't he? I war neversirberer in my life an' never so skeered. T'Ibet my footprints war twenty feet apart 'th' res' of the way home, fur'I had -a' idee that thar pesky thing war a -sailin' 'long jist ahind my coat ttiri.' "I head' like -epetiences from several others, -arid in-some way connected the 'ghost' with the Denzil robberies. For two nights I stodd a dreary watch in the woods "r4ferre'd to without making any discovery. The third night I received a shock. It was intensely dark in the shadows Of the trees, and as I sat at the root Of a'big oak some white object glided-swiftly and noiselessly just above the centre of the road. It made the cold chill run over me, though I have no pa tience "withth ose-who- tell of visits or communications with the departed. "I -was deternmined to enlighten myself and secured a good saddle horse as com Danion of my vigils. ' The second night the "'ghost' flew-by'arid I galloped in Its wake -at all 'the speed my horse could command. A mile ahead the 'appari tion' swerved 'to the- right of the road and ended our mad-race. Tying my horse in a fence corner I crept nearer. Slowly I made out that the 'ghost' was a woman Of stately proportions wearing nothing 'but daintly,rudfled night robe. She-leanud-for,a brief time over the hol low 'stump'thi t lhadl been her evident destination :aid' then turning mounted her flying mia'chine, which was a modern bicycle, antt:wehti scorching biack :ove the course-- she had come..'Again I followed and drd not-stop until I saw. her disappear in the?fde door of the'Denzil house. H'Hasteningl-back to the hollow stump I explored the'Interior." "Arid found the- stolen: property, of course," :interrupted a' listener. "Not .aislgn of it. - I could discover nothing that did not naturally belong there. Failing :to- find the- thief in the 'ghost.' I became-a member of the Den zil hoursehold, ostensibly- as his private secreLtary .: - first discovery was that the 'ghost' was the beaiutiful Miss Den zA. -She'was.a:somnambulist, and in utter ignorance of-the weird night rides she ha?ltaken. But.when:told of themthe explanation'was an easy one. T~hen she and-her-young 'lover were children, that hollow, stump had been. the post office where their ardent missives were mailed acid called for. The memory of those days was-a.delightful one to -her and the .straige mientor of .her uncon scious actioli-prompted her visits to the old spot "My next'impostant discovery explain ed the mystery I was employed to solve. W?atching secretly in the hallways; I saw old Denzil,-With eyes wide open and set, come out-of his chamber, climb the stairs to the attic, unlock an old desk stored there, open a secret drawer and deposit money as. well as jewels. "His action-showed me -that his daughter's habit of moving about at night was an inherited one.. The -next morning he gave me a terrific blowing up as a care less,- incompetent and -worthless detec tive who could -not catch a thief when in the house witl.'him.- I was more in terested in that charming daughter of his than in my -case, and - a scheme flashed into my mind as if inspired. " 'Mr Denzl,' I sald, 'ean you stand the shock of knowing that your daiugh ter is seriously threatened :with:the loss of her mlud because of brooding over separation from the man whom you say she shall never marry~ and that'because of her mental inflrmity -she is :innocently robbbing you under a delusion that in no other way can she provide for the fu ture hsappines of herself;and that young chap. she honestly tihnks, poor girl,-she is going to marry?' ' 'It's a lie,' he.roared, .' a miserable plot. You're discharged.' -'"did:not take Miss Denzil into my -?lans. I seeretty transferred all the stolen wealth to the old stump, "had a trusted officer on guard and then told the old gentleman that I could prove all E had said and insisted on the right to ;vindicate myself. He and I watched at the primitive post-office till Iis daughter carone, and repeated the conduct I have described. Then we brought oun tile con ceased treasures; Denzll was beside himself for fear he might act too late. He shit post haste for thie young lover,. made a handsome settlement, insisted on an bnmediate wedding and had me as one of te guests. Did ever mnatchmaker do a shierer Job than I dld?"--"Free Press." Notwithsial;ding the great brilllaney of the electri;c ight. it is a well known fact that its p?-i.-tra ting power. eopeci ally in thick titd foggy weather, Is not equal to gas. raid for this reason in manly eases it ha4s not been adopted in lighitouses. A ntew delparture is now propossfl in the application of the incan descent gas light to lihthionse illumin ation. whichll offers many advantages over gas or oil, especially in its vastly superior candle power, and it is antici pated that it will compare very favor ably with the electric :lght, ?e5t ps to ionmnry aud eti iOney. 