MEN AND WOMEN. Sir Douglas Straight will continue- as . permanent editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, and will bo assisted by Mr.Marwc-od Tuckor. as deputy-editor. 1 . Tho Baroneas Burdett-Coutts enjoys tho , distinction of being the only lady for moro - than 300'ycai-s on whom tho honour of the: freedom of the City of London lias' been conferred. An electric chaise is being constructed for the Queen. Tho body of the car is to be comp'oscd of aluminium. The chaise was -' ordered by the late Prince Henry at her Majesty's request. Baron Rothschild's collection of Sevres and- Dresden ware has been valued at fabulous sums on account of the rare piecos it contains and the huge prices that havo been paid for thorn. Sims Reaves, tho. famous English singer,; was remarried recently, after a brief period of mourning for his first wife. Ho is now in his 7-ith year, while his bride is said to- bo young and beautiful. The Duko of Cumberland, son of ox- Quceh Marie of Hnnovor, was born with out a nose. Tho one which adorns his face ' is the result of 'much ingenuity on tlio part' of tho surgeons who attended him as an infant. . . An Amorican'who mot William Waldorf Astor ia a little . hotel on the summit of a> Swiss, mountain say £ , -that tho ' expatrihted .millionaire lias grown very stout of recent years, and his appearance . is that! of a .typical Englishman. f Tlio Pope possesses a pearl the value of which is approximated at £1 6,060. Ono of Loo XIII.'s predecessors boeamo possessed of it in somo way or other, and it . hue de scended in regular course to. tho present incumbent of St. Peter's throne,- Lady Orkney, ncc Miss Constance Gil christ, who spends half ' her days in tho saddle, is always well to the fore wlion fol lowing Lord Rothschild's stagliounds, and sho seldom makes a mistake when calcu lating as to tho probable lino of tho going. - . In the occupations requiring bravery arid quick wit women nro not lacking. Twenty, women : have recently been appointed by- , the American G ovornmcnt to look after the' beacons that guide belated mariners to a, safe port.; Miss Harriot Colfax, cousin of the late Vice-President Colfnx, id tho fear less guardian of tlio lighthouse at Michi gan City. Barney Barnato, tho South African multi millionaire, who used to be a circus tumbler,' recently had tlio cold nerve (according to a correspondent of tho New York World) to write to tlio authorities in London offering nearly 5,000, OOOdol. for tho Mansion House, tho official ro3idoneo of tho Lord Mayor of ' London. , Miss Louisa Aldrich-Blako can claim the proud position of being tho first woman Master of Surgery of London University. Miss Aldrich-Blako studied at tho London School of Medicino and tho Royal Freo Hospital, and sho lias a brilliant record. Last year sho took her M.D., and now conies tho announcement of lior succoss in tho M.S. examination, qualifying hor for a dogreo which no woman has hitherto gaiuod. Ono of tlio Into Bill Nyo's stock jokes was _ a recipe for rise by lecturers for re moving tlio effects of decayed eggs from tlio -clothing. ' Ho had a chance not long before his death to test its efficacy, for ho was driven out of town by a crowd of rotten-oggers, after making a torriblo fiasco of an attonipt to lacturo in Paterson, N.J. His inability to lecture was ascribed to his having "fortified himself beyond his capacity." The Princo of Wales recently paid a visit to Lily, Duchess of Marlborough. ' It was for a few days only, nnd " very quiet," yot this littlo informal stay cost tho duchess £10,000. The suite of apartments whieli ma riuyui ixignncss occupied was nowly upholstered in pale-blue satin, nnd tlio I'rinco's bath was of plated silver. The main hall of Deopdono wns entirely trans formed. Tho statuary wns removed, and tho walls were hung with trophies of tho ehaso. At tho time when Signor Crispi was first in power not only were his two divorced wives still living, but nlso Donna Lina's divorced husband. For a long time hor Majesty would not hear of having this lady at hor court, but when at longth Queen Mnrgherita. gnvo way to tho pressure pub upon hor to admit Donna Lina to tlio Quirinol. receptions bIio did so in these wordp: "Very well! Tell Signor Crispi I will receive his wife, but I will receive only one.. of .them, and it must always bo the snmoone!" . TKo Sultan's attributary titles aro Padi shah, Father of Sovereigns, Successor of tho Prophet, Pontiff of tho Mussulmans (Iranin-ul-Muslemin), Refuge of the World (Aluin-Pouet); Shadow of God (Zil-ullnh), and there is anothor, Hunkiar (Manslayor). It is as tho lattor that anyone suspected of aiming nt his nuthority is likely to know him, and thu restless littlo birds that skim up nnd down tho Bosphorous close to the Burfaco of tho wator in an endless procession, and are known to the Turks as' ' the souls of tlio lost," may have a significant meaning to tlio Hunkiar if ever ho looks at them. But, perhaps, after all, oven tho Bosphorous may1 not bo quite deep enough to hide all the rapidly augmenting ranks of tho young Turks. The simplo stylo in which modorn Royalties can dress and travel round is onough to mako august ghosts staro, if tho poor things can hover about nnd watch descendants, as some persons suppose. If all accounts bo true, there used to bo a littlo masking and sallying forth as nobodies oh the part of kings and queens of yore, in times whon tho armour or dres3 of the period allowed tlio face to bo concealed. Elizabeth Tudor was once advised by the Scottish Ambassador to slip off on tlio quiet, disguised as a page, nnd journey to Edinburgh to seo what her cousin, Mary Stuart, was like. A divorco has just boon secured in the Turin court by tlio wife of Robert Wilcox, of Hawaiian famo. Sho is the Baroness Gina Bobrcra, a brilliant writer. Tho baroness mot Wilcox in Turin, whithor ho had been cent by the Hawaiian Govern ment for tho purposo of studying military tactics. Ho declared that lie was tho heir to tho throno of Hawaii. Tlio baroness was deeply im pressed, and tho wedding that followed was a groat society affair. Wilcox roturncd tp Hawaii, accompanied by his wifo. . The baroness wns greatly shocked to learn that lior husband was simply the son of a whjto man, a carpenter, by a Kanaka woman. Wilcox, fearing that his wife would de nounce him, kept lior under lock and key. At tho beginning of 1895 Wilcox tried to foment a revolution against the republic, was arrested, tried by court-martial and sentenced to death, subsequently com muted to. imprisonment for 35 years. Tho baroness, after a soriea of r'ouiautio adventures, succeeded in making- hor way. hack to ' Italy, whoro proceedings wore bogun to bring about a dissolution of tho marriugo. Tho church gRVo its consent to tho divorce, as AVilcox was not a Catholic and a dispensation had not boon asked for tho _ marriage. Tho civil court, as tbo Italian law only annuls marriagos in cases of mistaken identity, lias now for- tho first tiuio annulled a lnnrriago on tlio ground that ono of tho parties to it is " a dotrimonk tk looiptjr," i - . 