A mB£ FOR LIFF. J ON A BICYCLE. I intended to ureas uie leeeiu, the slang phrase goes—no very difficult matter, X reflected, so far as a Cana dian winter record on the bicycle was concerned. To do so, however, required judgment. I knew that I had the long rise into the forest before me and I must reserve my strength for that. I went steadily on '. I had crossed the level at last, and I knew X had done well. The light was bright enough to sec the time, but I decided to wait till I entered the forest. It was no longer quite so easy to keep the bicycle up to speed. There was more effort in the pressure on the pedals, a little more sensation in the muscles ol! the legs as X clid so. X looked round. Yes, I had already made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was regular, but not steep enough greatly to reduce my speed. As I went I glanced from side to side—for I was conscious of the oppressive solitude of the forest; but my pace was not re tarded for a moment. One of the sleighing party bad been talking ol wolves. The winter, it seemed, had been an early one, and it certainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, had been showing in packs not twenty miles to the north. There was not a sound but tire low crisp crunch of the snow under the wheels of my machine, and even that seemed hushed and distant. ( Yet what was that? Was it fancy, or did I hoar . something shrill, piercing, yet~ faint, in the Car distance on my ! right hand? Surely there was some thing—if it was only the wail of a dis tant gust of wind moaning through the frozen pines! I bent over the bicycle, and concentrated my energies upon fac ing the long ascent. There it was again! It was no wall of the northern wind—no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of a living thing. It was nature’s savage complaint against the pangs of hunger! On and on we flew. There was not a breath of wind to stir the slightest snow- flake on the tenderest spray, yet my hair was thrown back from my brow, where great drops of perspiration now gathered and began to trickle down my face. On and on! Without a thought but that of pressing forward, without a hope but that of reaching the descent of the slope, and the edge of the forest. And as I went I knew that I was followed. From the dim arcades on my right came from time to time a short gasping howl, cut short in the moment of utterance by the exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were in full cry. It was a race for hare life. I leant forward, and threw every energy I possessed into the one effort to press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts. The long hanging boughs nearly brushed my face as I swept past. The cold air blew in my face and carried even the heavy fur of my coat behind mo as I rusliedi through the night. And yet my pursuers did not lose ground. On the contrary, they were gaining. Not quickly, not with a rush: but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was deadly; with a mo notony that was ghastly • beyond ex pression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fixed on the line of light that stretched on and on in front, as if it would never The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild buzzing in my head, there was a weary feeling growing in my limbs, there was a despairing sense of the uselessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate, it was now for the first time that I saw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on my right—only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a head—a long sharp muzzle—the mouth open, the lower jaw hanging, the ears erect! It crept on. Little by little it gained on me—an inch—only an inch at a time, but always an inch more! This shadow became a horror to me. At last! The long, straight road made a curve to the right. Not a sharp curve, but enough to bring me to closer quarters with my untiring pursuer. In a moment as I pressed upon the handles and followed the sweep of the road he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had given place to the substance—with a long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. He was old. for I could see that Ills hair was grey as it showed in the moonlight. His huge mouth was wide open, showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hung from his slavering jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red coals gleamed from beneath the thickly mat ted hair that hung over his face. There was a look of exhaustion about him that for the moment increased the hor ror of Ills appearance. Involuntarily I swerved as lie sprung, and Ills great jaws came together witli a snap not an inch from my knee. His leap had cost him something in speed, and he fell back quite half a yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gathering horror of his pur suing shadow, and the change aroused [ me. My hand went instinctively to the handle of Bob’s revolver. The familiar touch seemed to reassure me. I drew it from my belt. I weighed it in my hand so as to grow accustomed to it. I dared not turn in my seat, and yet I must get a shot at the grizzled leader of the Insensibly I slackened my pace for a second or two; insensibly tbe huge head crept up once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in frant of my foot! Once more he was gathering himself together for a spring. Once more his blood- shot, hun gry eyes were turning towards me as he kept up his long, leaping gallop. It was the moment. Quick as thought I fired. The ball struck him—struck [ him, I think, on the shoulder, for with one fierce snarl, that seemed to express pain,' disappointment, and terror all in one, he rolled over in a heap almost against the rushing wheel of my bicycle There was a pause in the chase. Once more I turned to the track. Once more I concentrated every energy to increase the distance between myself and my re lentless pursuers. The welcome respite was but a short one. My head swam dizzily with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long and fierce excite ment; my limbs grew numb and heavy under the desperate strain. Thank God! I was on the downward slope. Thank God ! there was at last a prospect of escape. The descent made itself quickly felt. Exhausted as I had been, I couldn’t have kept it much longer, and 1 must have been overtaken. Down the long, smooth slope we rushed at a pace that was momentarily increasing. I looked behind me once more.Thc wolves were following still, but they, too, were growing exhausted. i gVmeed at tne ascent bey or, d tbe bridge; I glanced at the laboring pursuers behind m,—1 could do it still'. I dashed at the bridge. I was across, and now the ascent began. I bent over the bicycle, I forced my weary limbs to exert themselves once | more. For fully a hundred yards the j ascent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I seemed to go with each moment. The perspira tion poured from my face, my lege and ankles burned as it steeped in liquid tire. I clenched my teeth and gripped the handles as if for bare life, and at each slow turn of the wheels I seemed to my self to hear the panting of the wolves behind me. At last I did it! At the top of the slope I turned and looked behind me. The moonlight shone white on the grey lea der as he bounded on to the bridge; two others followed him closely, the rest were scattered behind them on the road. Not one had as yet abandoned the chase—not one had yet given up hopes of the prey. I drew my revolver from my belt once more, I rested the barrel for a moment on the handle of the machine. As the leader neared my end of the bridge I turned and fired. Ihit With a sharp howl he sprang into i\r and fell half across the parapet. Dr Jacfc sen's strong arms. \- o-sriimer. 