,h« \c$tm ^tampion. Vita nine Uteris mori eit. BAn CAL PI NeTt U ESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29,1896. The Burial of Separation. THAT Separation is as dead as Julius Caesar has been BO abundantly made manifest during the last few years that no men with pretensions to ability care any longer to identify themselves with what was once a popular and almost a national movement. Year by year the ground has been cut away from under the promoters and chief supporters of the proposals, until' now there are to be found in Parliament none but members of the Labor party who will give a vote to give the played-out farce some ap pearance of life, although it is only the simulated existence of a galvanised corpse, kept jigging for a brief moment only, to fall back again into its tt-ue position of post mortem dissolution and decay. It was obvious that when once the mining communities had ob tained an ascendency in the parlia mentary representation of North Queensland, that the desire for sep aration among the northern people died away, and once that happened it became impossible for the Central territory to obtain autonomy because of its geographical position. What ever prospect there might have existed of Queensland being subdivided into three separate States faded away when the Labor party captured a majority of the electorates in the North, and this was intensified when the eleven electorates in Central Queensland re turned six .Labor members to the twelfth Parliament of Queensland. . # # * * What may be designated as the last dying speeches of the Eockhampton members were delivered in the House on the Thursday of last week. At the start there was variance between the two Rockhampton representatives, for Mr. Kidstun brought forward his motion without the concurrence of Mr. Cnrtis, and, indeed, in opposition to the plans prepared by the junior member for carrying on his bootless campaign. It is noticeable in Mr. Kidston's opening remarks that he stated he submitted the motion to the House with the approval and promised support of the great majority of the northern and central members, and also of a considerable number of southern members. Whether the southern members were quite sincere in their promises of support, or were simply pulling Mr. Kidston's leg, is not known, but the division showed that only two southern members (Messrs. M'Donald and Dibley) voted for the motion, while only the Labor members in the north and centre re corded their votes in the final division on the side of the ayes. Mr. Kidston's speech was mainly an effort to induce tne House to consent to the refer endum being introduced into the northern and central divisions that the electors there might give a direct expression of opinion on the question * # # # . In proceeding with his speech Mr. Kidston did not dwell long on this point, but commenced that series of arguments in favor of separation under which we are periodically deluged by the verbal shower bath of the Separa tionists when Mr. Curtis or the editor of the Daily Northern Argue pull the string. Tne marshalling of these arguments in their now rather faded | raiment reminds one of a parade of Chelsea pensioners whose fighting days are over, who, perhaps, did good service in their day, but are now decrepit, maimed and powerless, fit only for an asylum on the shelf of Separation literature, and consigned to the oblivion of many other once brave and popular movements. Mr. Curtis seemed to feel that his own work as the great agitator has failed, and that it wouldbe useless to attempt any further revival of interest in a proposition which once appeared so attractive to Central Queenslandera. He showed oleverly enough that the referendum could do no good, and might be productive of much harm. It is certain that jf a referendum vera taken the result would be a consider able surprise to Mr. Curtis, who has stated the centre are unanimous in desiring separation; and this is what the junior member for Rockhampton dreads, and makes him fearful of what his colleague, with characteristic in sincerity, proposes. * « . # * When Messrs. Kidston and Curtis had finished their speeches it appeared as if a division would at once be taken on the motion, but Mr. Dunsford, the mouthpiece of the northern separa tionists, concluded it would be political for him to speak his little bit. What he said was principally in faror of the referendum, which our readers know is a plank in the Labor platform not yet incorporated in the constitution. The referendum is something similar to the local option system of voting. It is unnecessary to pursue the analogy. Mr. Dunsford does not expect the referendum to revive separation, but he would like to see the practise introduced into Queens land politics, if only by a side wind. The only other member of the House to speak on poor Kids ton's motion was the Attorney-General, who treated the whole subject in most sportive mood. He ridiculed the idea of a national question being submitted to a referendum of the north and centre when it should apply to the whole colony. Indeed, members on both sides recognised the absurdity of such a one-sided proposition, and with the Attorney-General laughed the motion out of the Houso. Messrs. Boles and Corfield were absent from Bris bane, but Messrs. Callan and Curtis voted against the motion, and even the member for Leichhardt would not support it. Separation is now dead, and we sincerely trust that Mr. Kidston and the Labor party have decently buried the remains and laid the ghost. Better far would it be for the people of the three divisions to combine in putting forward mora practical measures for advancing the producing interests of the colony, and in endeavoring to settle more people upon the land. 