MRS. TREGASKISS. EY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) He pushed open the door of the sitting- room. and turned up the smoking lamp. "Phew! By Jove, It's hot and beastly smelling." He flung wide the ricketty French windows, which led out on a narrow balcony. "Where are you. Clare? Oh. here's the Picaninny!" Nlng, whose pet name for Thyra was a corruption, graduating as "Ningle," of her father's title for her — "The Picaninny" — had been roused by the noise and tho flood of light, and now started from her sofa bed veiled In mosquito netting, which she tore off In a bewildered haste — an elfish creature, with tangled hair and'wlde, sud denly awakened eyes. "Daddy!" "Yes, you brat, Give U3 a hug, Pican inny. Did I scare you? Been dreaming, eli?' i "Mine been dream about Dehll-dehll," said Nlng, solemnly, repapslng Into her blacks' vernacular. "Mine think it Debll- dobll get Inside me and take me over the paddock fence Into his big Are.' But thd lire went out, and God came and -asked me If I was a good girl; and then God took me back to mummy." Tregaskiss laughed loudly. "That was a good job. wasn't it? Wo don't all get out of Debil-debil's clutches so easily. But then we ain't all good little girls'. Oh, you're a Picaninny yet, you are. Daddy's Picaninny! Come. There, now. A right down good old hug." He caught the child In his arms, mos quito netting and bed clothes trailing be hind her, and smothered her with loud sounding kisses. "Where's your mummy?" "I'm here, Koltb," Clare stood In the doorway. He took up tho lamp, sill! holding the child, and looked at his wife. "Good Lord, Clare! Poor old girl! You do look like a ghost. Knocked up, oh?" "Yes, rather. We started at 4 o'clock this morning. It's a dreadfully long, slow Journey, stopping at all tho little roadside stations. I'm really glad the railway doesn't go any further. I'd much rather travel in 'the buggy and camp out." "Well, you'll have two uights of that, and I was thinking we might spell a 'day at Brlnda Plains. The Grlpper has been be having a little more decently lately. I helped him with his muster, and I rather want to talk to him about wire fencing tho boundary " "Oh! How have things -been getting ou, Keith, on the station?" "As bad as can bo. No sign of tbo drought breaking up, and cattle dying everywhere. There was tbe devil of a mess driving down the last mob of fats, and a bad sale at the end. Hardly enough to cover droving expenses. I was a fool to agree to Gryce's terms. I told you so at the time, you remember, and you advised me to accept; £100 down on taking delivery and £50 a month for droving. It was ex orbitant, but you misled me by telling me that was what old Cyrus Chance paid. I knew what a nipper he Is, and that he'd be bound to give the lowest price. It was all an infernal concoction of Cusack's new chums. Tbe Dripper put them up to getting a rise out of me." "Oh, I'm sorry. But It wasn't from the Cusacks that I beard. Mr. Cbance's store keeper told me those were the terms." "Well, It was a lie. Cyrus' Chance never paid anything like that. You must have muddled up figures. Women always do. I mustn't depend ou yours for the future. But never mind, old girl. It's a good thing to have you home. Are you glad to get back to your old hubby?" "I'm — very glad, Keith. Very glad, of course, to see you again." "And so am I to see you, old dear!" He put the lamp on the table, and still holding Nlng, whose head had dropped sleepily on his shoulder, went up to his wife and affec tionately kissed her. "And the picaninny, too. Good little kiddie. I declare I think I've missed her almost as much as I've missed you. By Jove, the place has seemed a desert without you both." "There's a new picaninny now, Keith." "By Jove, so there Is. I had forgotten the littlo shaver for the moment. Let's see him, Clare. No, it's a second 'she,' Isn't it? I rather wish it had been a boy now, since the two other poor little chaps came to nothing." Clare led ths way into the bedroom where tho baby lay, Its little red face nestling Into the pillow. Tregaskiss contemplated the creature with an amused Interest, much as he might have contemplated a new-born puppy. "Not a had little cuss. I suppose It will get whker in time. Looks rather like a blob of pink putty. Nlng was much more human when she was six weeks old." "Dark babies always are. This one will be fair, like you. Ning took after me." Tregaskiss turned bis eyes upon his wife with a freshly-kindled gleam of admiration. "So muob the better for Nlng, as she is a woman. Now If this brat bad been a boy It might have taken after me, and been a fairly decent-looking chap on a large scale into the bargain." He gave tho little fatuous laugh of self- satisfaction which was a trick of bis, aud which always Jarred upon Clare. It was one of Tregasklss's weaknesses to he some what vain of his strength and robust good looks. He might in truth have been con sidered a handsome man ot tho coarser mould. Ton years ago, before his features had thickened and his skin had become rod and rough grained, and when he had been less Inclined to stoutness, there could have been no doubt as to the attractive ness of his person. Ono might have Im agined a woman very much In love with him, but not a woman quite of tho type of Mrs. Tregaskiss. Some little frail, amiable doll perhaps, without much Intellect, and the kind of temperament which Is naturally subservient to brute force. Tregaskiss was 'fashioned rather upon the Viking model. He was huge — as tall as Dr. Gencs- te, and much broader and thicker of girth. In spite of the active life he led, his weight could not have been less than fourteen or fifteen stone. Ho had a great bull neck, and a large head with close-cropped yel low hair, which fell Into little rings over a round, low forehead. The eyes were bright blue, slightly bloodshot, the nose well shaped hut broad at the bridge, and with two small furrows on each side mark ing a puflluess between tbe eye-sockets and the mouth which gave an appearance of coarseness. He had even teeth dis colored by smoking, a yellow moustache with long points and a curly fair beard — the kind of beard which divides In the middle and shows the cleft of chin. Al though he was proud of being a "fine man," he was careless about his dress. To-night be looked disordered after his journey, which was not to be wondered at —hot, dusty, and redder than usual; his light alpaca coat hud stains upon it, and his colored shirt was unbuttoned at the neck, showing the Inside griminess of the collar, and beads ot perspiration stood upon his forehead, and his great, red hands. Clare stiffened just 'a little as he put Ills arm round her and drew her closer to him In their joint gaze at their child. The harsh, virile odor which came from him and seemed to tell of tho night's camping out and tho day's travel In close proxi mity with hot beasts, mingled with au aroma of tobacco and of the whisky he had recently Imbibed, Btruck unpleasantly upon her nerves. She was a woman ex tremely fastidious In such trifles, and had an almost sensuous delight In delicate fresh scents. Ono of the things which went far towards reconciling . her to life on Mount "Wombo wits tlio perfume ot the sandalwood logs, which she kept for burning In the sitting-room In tho winter. But something of the same conscientious self-discipline which marked her manner to her children showed Itself In her bear- lug to her husband. She seemed to be come Instantly alive to the Impulse of re pugnance in herself, and atoned for it by laying lier hand caressingly upon his shoul der; and thus together they contemplated tho sleeping Infant for a moment or two In silence. Then she withdrew her hand and disengaged herself gently from his embrace. "Yes. I wish, too, that she had been ft boy. Not exactly for your reason, though." "For what reason, then?" "Oh, because I think women have tho worst ot It In tho world— at any rate iu the bush." "I don't see that. Things arc always made as easy for you as they can be up here. Of course the lire's rough, but If It is so for women, It's rougher still for men. You can keep Indoors If you choose. But bow would you like droving cattlo across country with rations running short;' and the water bags getting empty? And I wonder if you'd enjoy a day after scrub bers through gldya nnd burrum bush, or else drafting off a camp in the blazing sun, nnd branding till sundown, and then coming homo dog-tired to salt Junk and damper— and all the worry of tho men, and bad sales and drought, and a big debt, with the chance of tile bank coming dowu on you Into the bargain?" (To be continued.) 