NELLY PRESTON: » All Rights Reserved. OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. ,By the author of " Effie Seaton "Jessie Melville " Lucy, the Factoby Girl," " Eustace, the uutcast." Chapter xxttt , ALBERT CLAYTON HAS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. BELL,- THE SOLICITOR— CHIPPS AND BOB PRESTON WONDER WHAT HAS BECOME OF WALSH. Albert rushed into the shop and bough a newspaper, and he and William went into an entry to read an account of Sir Humphrey's death;: It was a short paragraph, and stated that the Baronet had died suddenly, two days previously.at the family residence in Leeds. It was added that, owing to the recent melancholy death of his son, the estate would go to the child of his third marriage, who, being a minor, would ng doubt be placed under trustees. " This , event calif for prompt action on my part," exclaimed Albert, as hurriedly folding up the paper they issued again into the. street. " I must instantly be off to Leeds, and rry out my resolution of consulting with Mr. Bell, and putting the case into his bands." Accordingly, that afternoon, Albert, in his make-up as a Frenchman, with wig, moustaches, and spectacles, departed in the train. It was dark when be reached Leeds, and he proceeded direct to Mr. Bell's chambers. He had not seen that gentleman for several years — seldom, indeed, since he had ceased to act as his father's lawyer. He wondered, there- fore if he would recognise him, and thought if he did, what a shock he would receive on being ' visited by one whom he considered dead. Musing thus, he rang the bell of the solicitor's chambers, and the answer to his inquiry, if Mr. Bell was within, was made hesitatingly in the affirmative.; The girl looked with a mixture of curiosity and suspicion at the very French-look ing personage who stood before her, aud held the door in her hand without inviting him to come in. " Can I not see Mr. Bell ? " inquired Albert. Is he engaged ? " I think he is," she answered. "He has just got dinner, and he always has a sleep after it. Perhaps you would call, again if your business is not very important." ' It does happen to be important, though," observed Albert ; " and as he'is closeted only with Morpheus, I'll take the risk of interrupting the consultation. Will you please, therefore, show me to his room ? " Seeing that the queer— looking visitor was not to be put off, the girl led the way along the lobby, and showed him into a room shelved round and furnished with a very large business table This was evidently the solicitor's office. The table, immense as it was,groaned under the piles of tape-secured papers. The shelves were filled with numerous other packages and neatly painted tin boxes. In front of the table was a capacious chair, covered with black leather, and at one side was a cushioned sofa, apparently for the accommodation of visitors Albert sat down on the latter, and hud not waited long when the door opened and the lawyer entered, rubbing his eyes, which were sleepy in the extreme. Clearly enough he' had been roused from a sound nap. Mr. Bell had more the appearance of a jolly, jovial alderman than a lawyer. His corpora tion was really something to boast of, being not only huge, but well-proportioned, and sustained by a pair of stout sturdy understandings. His neck- was somewhat short, but upon it there was a large round head, well covered with light, curly hair. He bad a pleasant, open expression of countenance, a small mouth, a short nose, and a very sparkling and -intelligent eye, though at that moment it was, as we have said, in- a very drowsy state. One very prominent feature was a broad expansive brow, showing a full development of the reasoning powers, and giving assurance that he was intellectually qualified for his profession. Bestowiug a look of inquiry on his visitor, Mr. Bell went forward to the table, and de posited his corpulent body iu the easy chair, during which process Albert was quietly divest ing himself of his wig, moustaches, and specta cles, whereby he was changed from a shoulder- > shrugging Frenchman into a well-favoured youth with a. bright, laughing eye. The metamorphosis naturally made the law yer look at him more narrowly and fixedly. "A medical student who has got himself into a scrape, "thoughtMr.Bell, who but dimly caught sight of his i eatur, s. Albert rose and came silently to the other side ol the table, where the gas shone full upon him. There he stood with his rouud blue eye fixed on the lawyer, and a smile playing round his mouth. Mr. Bell started, rubbed his eyes more vigor ously than before, and stared at the youth in astonishment. It requires something very ex-' traordinary to throw a lawyer-r-especally a shrewd, self-possessed lawyer like Mr Bell into such visible amazement. For some moments Albert spoke not, but stood enjoying the astonishment and perplexity depicted on the other's face. Do you know me, Mr. Bell ? " he at length asked, striving all he could to suppress a twinkle in his eye. " Know you ? " repeated the astonished law yer. " I think I do, and if I do, by Heaven ! I must be speaking to a ghost." Albert laughed outright. " Dues a ghost come disguised in wig and spectacles P " he said. "I don't know," answered the solicitor. " I never had a visit from one before." "1 should think not. Well I am not one either. I am distinctly in the body, I can assure you." ' " Then am I right in supposing you to be Mr.' Albert Clayton ?" ' You never were more correct with a supt position. I am that individual." And you were not drowned in Waterloo Lake?" Certainly not. I was very nearly murder ed there, but, as good luck would have it. I was .pulled out after my murderer had gone off. deeming that his kind intentions towards me had been entirely fulfilled. My deliverers restored jsie to animation, and I thought it as. well to keep retired for a time. My father's death has, however, brought me out of concealment, and I have come to you to get advice, and in fact to put myself and a very singular case in your hands." " Bless my soul and body! 1 was never more Bstpnished in all my life," ejaculated Mr. Bell, recovering rapidly, and getting into his usual . state of coolness. " It was an intended murder, wis it ? . Who wanted you out of the way ?" " My stepmother. Lady Clayton." Good Heaveu ! was that the way of it ? She wished the estate for her owu child, and hired the : man who went with you to the lake to put .you out of the way ?" ' That is exactly it," replied Albert. "II. is a shockng business -. and they say they think you are dead ?" " They've not a doubt of it — neither her lady ship nor Mr. Chipps, her lawyer." " Ha !" exclaimed the solicitor, catching his breath, " had Chipps a hand in it r" "'He was art and part. He it was who arranged with the murderer, and bargained for his services." " Well, I'm glad of that. I've long h.-ul a hatred of that low, cunning blackguard, but if we can make this out 1 have him neck aud heel in his own trap. I would give a good deal to see the long-necked rascal swinging in a hal ter, aud her ladyship with him, for I ha ^al ways been of opinion that they are equally bad." " Six and half a dozen," rejoined Albert. However bad they are we can't put them in a halter, for you see no murder was committed." < We can transport them, though." Possibly, but I don't want that, either What I want is to baffle them both by getting the estate for the rightful heir." " Any easy matter that, at all events,' said Mr. Bell. " All you have to do is to turn up at the house and get yourself served." " Myself ? No, no, I am not the heir." " You are not the heir of Clayton ?" said Mr. Belli great surprise. "No." " Then who is ?" . "My nephew. The only son of my elder " Whew !" said the solicitor, laying his two hands on his ample paunch. " Another mystery." " Yes ; and more of the same vile plot. Bat I think it better to lay the story before you in detail. It is rather a long one, but as it will give you information which it is of the utmost importance that you should have, if you can spare he time, I shall " " Say no more," cried Mr. Bell, who was now fully interested. " I am disengaged for the evening, and were ! not, I would make myself free, for this is a matter of paramount import ance. Just wait till we get a bottle of wine, and then let me have the whole affair." " A bottle of wine and two glasses, Bessie.' " Yes, sir." Bessie vanished, aud quickly returned with the articles named. It was something rich to see how she stared, first at Albert, and then at the wig and spectacles- that lay on the table. She was too discreet a servant, however, to take auy further notice, and made her exit, after bestowing another wondering glance on the strange visitor. " Now for it," said Mr. Bell, pouring out a glass for himself, handing the bottle across, and laying himself out at full length in his easy chair. Albert drew forward the seat to which Mr. Bell pointed, sat himself down and begau his narrative. Briefly, yet succinctly and minutely, he gave the substance of all with which the reader has been made acquainted in the fore going chapters. The lawyer listened not only tvSfli no liun/m Knf. Tutfh ahcnrhpil fffifpnhnnM- Kivu muw «» wm mwuw wwm the story, as it was told, bringing to his face varied expressions of indignation, satisfaction, and delight. At that point which related to Harry, and the cruelty to which he was subject ed at the hand6 of Chipps, his teeth were set firmly together. His eyes flashed and his hands twitched nervously. The villanous plot against Nelly likewise provoked him to honest anger, but other portions, especially towards the close, which made all things secure for justice, gave imh intense delight. " Gad, Mr. Clayton," he exclaimed, when Albert was done, " we have the ball entirely at our feet. You have managed the matter nobly, and circumstances have played into our hands wii h siugular good luck. We are in a position to shiver their hellish scheme to atoms, and I shall gain a triumph over Chipps which will fully repay the evil trick he and her ladyship did in getting me ousted as your father's agent." " That," returned Albert, " was a step I strongly disapproved of and deplored, but my father was getting weak in the mind, and Jeze bel had gained such a power over him ; she in her turn, I suspect, being the puppet of Chipps." " Oh, I understand the thing perfectly,' said Mr Bell. " It doesn't matter now, for we can baffle them, aud that's everything. The death of Walsh, of course, prevents us from pressing against tlu-m the crime of intended mnrder, and, as you say, it might d- us no good to bring np Chipps for his conduct co the poor boy. It will be enough of revenge to us and mortification to them to knock away every plauk from beneath their feet, and leave them floundering in the mud." " Then you will take the case in hand ?" said the youth. " Won't I !" exclaimed the solicitor. " Never did I enter on one with more gusto. Let me see uow. If they are audacious enough to show fight, as I believe they will — for Chipps, like the worm that he is, will crawl though he is chopped into bibs— of course, their defence against the claims of Harry will be that he is illegitimate. " Deborah' Dickson can prove the opposite,' said Albert, hastily. " Of course she can; and probably we shall be able to hunt up the certificate. But the plea, even if it stood good, would not help them a bit, for suppose Harry's claim set aside, you come in next. They can't make you a bastard on any pretence." "Thank goodness, no," said Albert emphatic ally. "But Harry is nob illegitimate, and nothing shall keep him out' of the estate ; I would not take it, even if the law gave it to me," " Well, well," smiled Mr. Bell, " all very good. I don't think you'll have an opportunity for the display of such magnanimity, for, if I can rely on all the points of your story, as no doubt I may, it will not be difficult to make the boy's claim good. It is the duty of a lawyer to anticipate and consider the defence which it is probable or possible for the opposite to make. I by no means think it likely that Chipps will ad vise her ladyship to contest Harry's right, see ing that neither his success nor his failure can do her the least good. Besides, you are the only party to take steps against him. And were you a greedy, grasping adventurer, aud I a law yer of the Chipps stamp, I have no doubt we might manage to defraud the boy, and put yon in the possession of Clayton." "Perish the thought!" exclaimed Albert, with vehemence. " Of course, perish the thought," returned Mr. Bell. You are not a grasping adventurer, and I flatter myself I am not an unscrupulous pettifogger like Chipps, whose neck I hope to have the intense pleasure of wringing— profes sionally, I mean— one of these days. Well, now 1 suppose you put the entire management of the case in my hands ?" -"The sole undisputed management, "answered Albert. " Very good. Then you will please to act according to my directions. By a paragraph in to-day's paper I see that your father's corpse is to be conveyed to Clayton to-morrow, and the funeral takes place the day after, at twelve. Now, what you will do is this. You will re main in my home all night, and, resuming your disguise, you will post off to Manchester to morrow, and — by-the-by, have you any funds ?" " Not a great deal," laughed Albert. "A few pounds are the most I can command." " Well, I will provide the needful to purchase a suit of mourning for yourself and the boy. Get them ready-made. On the day after to morrow, I will join yon in Manchester early, dressed in mourning also, when we will go to Clayton jn time for the funeral " | " Capital," said Albert. " My appearance stunned yon considerably to-night, Mr Bell ; but your amazement will be nothing to their horror when I present myself as chief mdurner." " Nothing like taking an enemy by surprise," remarked Mr. Bell. And now, that matter being settled, what about this young girl Nelly Preston who has suffered so much in the cause and who is herself one of Chipp's victims ? Shall I take her case in tow likewise ?" " That is just what I meant to propose," re plied Albert. The solicitor nodded approvingly. " This precious uncle of hers," he remarked, who is haud-and-glove with Chipps, is not quite a stranger to me. I have already had some deal ings with him, in which, I am sorry to say, he swindled me a bit. Him, therefore, I shal, have peculiar pleasure in checkmating, and, thanks to the repentant Walsh, who procured the real will.it will be an easy matter to squelch him.; So .his richly-merited doom is scaled. And now, Mr. Clayton, to sapper, and aftert wards to bed, for yon know yon must be early astir." Albert hud no objection to make to this pro position, for in truth he was both huDgry and tired ; so he and the worthy solicitor adjourned to the. parlqur, where a comfortable repast was already spread. Mrs. Bell's excessive surprise having been allayed by a few explanatory sen; tences, given in her husband's most condensed, legal style, she warmly welcomed the youth, aud did her best to make him comfortable for the night. Leaving him under the lawyer's hospitable roof, we shall go to the house of Mr. Chipps, Woodh- use-lane. At an earlier hour on the same evening, this worthy member of the legal profession sat in j his private room writing diligently on sheets of I black-edged paper. As he was thus engaged, \ a low and peculiar tap came to the street door, j which the sharp ears of the lawyer did not fail ! to hear. He started and stopped his writing. " That is Boh Preston at last," he said to himself, as he hurriedly rose and went to ad- mi t the knocker. He was right. Bob Preston it was, clad in a . travelling dress, aud with a portmanteau in his hand,- " So you have returned at length How long you have been," whispered Chipps, as he allow ed Bob to pass and then refastened the door. The newcomer said nothing, but depositing his portmanteau in the dimly-lighted lobby, walked forward into the private room. Chipps followed close to his heels. " Well, how' does Walsh get on ?" he in quired. " How does it come thart for such a length of time he had not applied to us for the ready ?" " I haven't seen Walsh," returned Bob, in a tone of angry impat ience. " Could not find him." "Could not find, him?" echoed Chipps, gazing at Bob in astonishment No. I have sought through the streets for four days, tiU I got sick, tired, and came off." " Did you not see him at the The Three Barrels ?" " I did not. He came regularly there every night until six or eight weeks ago, when all at once he ceased his visits and has not been once back since The deuce of the business was that no one about the public-house could tell me where he put up. One day I thought I had come upon his ambush, for a house was pointed out to- me where, the. people said they had seen a man of his description goiug out and in some weeks before. It turned out to be a wrong scente however, for I found the house in question to be occupied by a French photographer." ' That is a singular business," said Chipps, greatly disturbed. ' here, in the fiend's niwr.n, can he have taken the girl ? I hope to heaven ! Amelia — Lady Clayton, I mean — has not been tampering with him. She, I know, strongly wants to have the girl murdered, and may have tempted Walsh to commit the deed. If that is the case we are all ruined.' " Not a bit of it," rejoined Bob. " She and Walsh alone will be accountable for their own deed — that is, should it ever be fonnd out — which is not likely, for of course they have taken care to leave no trace of the crime, or at least of their connection with it." The lawyer shook his head and looked doubt ful and troubled. " If she has done this." he muttered, " we are lost, and if not where can Walsh be, and what can he have done with the girl ? I cannot rest until I know. After the funeral a strict search must be instituted." Ah !" cried Bob, " that ; reminds me that Sir Humphrey is dead. The event is rather sudden, is it not P' And as he made the remark he cast a sly, in quiring look at the lawyer. If he expected to read anything in unipps s race, nowever, ne was mistaken. The latter had far too much com mand over his countenance to betray himself by it. " No," he carelessly rejoined. " I believe his death has been expected for some time." I daresay it has." said Bob, with a laugh. " Of course it was old age he died of, aud there wsa no need fcr a doctor seeing him— eh ?" And Bob laughed again. " It was old age, certainly," said Chipps in a grave tone. " Nevertheless a doctor cannot be dispensed with, for a certificate is necessary nowadays for the registrar. Dr. Potter was in attendance on th.e baronet." " Hum. That is, he came after he was dead, took a glass of wine in the drawing- room, wrote out his certificate there on soul and conscience, pocketed his fee, and departed. I understand." "Theu it is more than I do,"returned Chipps, who did not choose to give Bob the confidence which the latter wished. Preston evidently suspected that means had been taken to hasten Sir Humphrey's death. Chipps understood his drift well enough, but was too cuuning to show it, aud too politic co make unnecessary explanations. ' Well, at all events," 6aid Bob, her lady ship is safe how. When does the funeral take place ?" " The day after to-morrow. I have the man agement. I have still a good many letters to write." Which is an intimation that I should be hffo" " I will be back to town on Saturday," re marked Chipps. " Come and dine with me on Sunday, and we will consult about Walsh." " .Agreed," said Bob. as he passed into the lobby and took up his portmanteau. Chipps let him out and returned to his room, where he again sat down to write on the black- edged paper. (Te be continued.) 