THE MYSTERY OF GLENELL13. ! “ Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people iu thie I age believing iu such utter nonsense I It is toe j ridiculousl” There was scorn in Miss Rothsby’s voice and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her companion, Charley King, a young civil engineer, was nmuncd, judging by the smile that came and went before he made answer, in a half-soothing, half apologetic •» Ah, row, don’t you think yon are a little severe upon my townsfolk and their pel idiosyncrncy ? You know a belief in which ouc is born and brought up is a part of his very nature, accepted in most cases without qijeslicvj or reasoning. A few of our old men, I think, claim to bare seen and heard something very bitraordinsry in the Glen years ago—before my time ; as for the rest of us, I suppose no! half a dozen have ever been there ; we simply ignore the place.” “ That is exactly what I supposed,” returned Miss Uothsby, triumphantly. *' Those antedi luvians who sit, ruin or shine, in front of hotels and saloons, tell their stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make others believe.” Perhaps you nre right; but-that dees not alter the feet that the Glen bears an evil reputa tion, ftiid we ure nil familiar with the blood curdling s'.ories of deeds said to have happened 41 It seems to me they can easily be explained. Doubtless when this country was m>v the Glen was the.-rendezvous for ruffians and outlaws; secluded, almost innceMublo for those who met thereto bs surprised. To doubly secure them selves they circulated horrible tales, rai.-ed a few ghost-, -and made ocensious to impose them upon the credulous early settlors. There is the case in a nutsh> 11.” Charley shook his h«*ad in doubtful way that irritated the pretty' philosopher. 44 Very well put, Miss Uothsby ; but there are ! Certain things—” •• Nonsense ! ” she broke in half laughingly, half angrily, “ I know you are going to pay Bomcthiug stupid and old-fashioned, and I will not permit it-. The robbers are dust long ago, nud the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may be sure ; yet have your all, for such a palpable imposture, buried in oblivion the most romantic and beuutiful spot on earth. Vie upon you, young men, to let such a state of things continue ! ” •‘But what can we do about it ? "We were taught to n sped the opinion of our elders, and have done so.” 44 That's all very well; but respect can be carried too far.” ‘•Well, wl at do yon suggest?” askod Charley, a trifle impatiently. 44 That the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let the place be invaded by merrymakers, anti the sp,H will be broken. Once known it w \\\ become famous, so that people will come from iar and near to see it.” 44 It- may be all just as you say',” responded the young man. But yon forget the flowers. You told me that on the in>t day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower became white. How do you account, for that ?” 44 l don’t try to account for it. Who cen explain the vagaries nf nature ? One flower stem exudes a milicy substance, aud then a rad Quid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful and incomprehensible. It is at surd L; j;u afFected by a phenomeum just because one doesn't understand it.” ‘•Nevertheless, I think the flowers are the greatest objection tp our project. Their peculiarity seems unwholesome, to say the least.” •‘ I suppose so—and it is such h pity ? You cannot think how I have set my heart on this picnic in the Glen. Imagine the effect of ouc or two hundered lanterns. There is not a thing l could wish changed.” ** Exctpt the flowers.” “ Except the flowers. I wish they would dis appear For that one evening Do you think wo sail persuade the ethers ? ” *• We’ll try ; the idea will.be quite aluptling, however Wc Khali meet with much more opposition from the parents than from the young folks and if we hasten matters it will leave lets time for talk. Vrid.iy will be the * harvest moon/ why not have it t-heu ?” •* Just the thing ! Do you suppose Blarney aud his harpers will go ?” •• No, indeed, nor any ether musicians in Ellendale. We’ll have to forego dancing.’’ »»A moonlight picnic wnhout dancing? Preposterous ! If the harpers will not yield to my powers of persuusion papa must furnish the music; lie knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us.” “ I will tell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for the papas and mammas, aunts and unci* fi. who de clare they have heard mnccumtible sounds issue from the Glen. Y*»u will i.ced thuni all, and wish for more baloie we suvce.<*--fuily iay the glii-ht. Ah l “here come Deity ami Tom Maynard, and that is Jack Craig aud Miss Annie behind them. Good ! Now* we can be gin tile attack.” Charley King bad returned but a few weeks before this conversation from a five years’ absence in distant lands. Among his fellows there none bad a higher reputation than he for those: qualities which men ns well as women moat admire. It was not strange then that pretty Miss Rotbsby, whom he found visiting bis sister, at) old schoolmate, should find him drdercd to himself, after tho mnnnrr of men hard hit at fust sight, that it should he Miss Itolhsby or no one. About a mile from Ellcndale was the haunted glen of which they had bren speakincr, marvel lously bcauHful and picturesque. Miss Koths by had spent many an hour tln-re,For her friend and hos ess was an important personage in household and parish matters, and there were times whi n the visitor must entertain herself. As she was a good walker she soon knew the country for miles around better than most of Iho young women born and bred in tire town, and so discovered the beautiful and si eluded spot which bore so had a reputation. “ Hotter not go there again, Miss Rothsby,” her hcKfc Said to her when she spoke of her ex pedition at the dinner table, aud wondered that so charming a place was su little known. “It is humiliating to admit that wc arc the victims of superstition, but everyone in the community believes that the Glen is haunted.” Then, as I should immeusety enjoy a friendly chat with a bona-fide ghost, 1 shall make it a point to go soon again,” laughed the young lady. “ 1 hope not.” said Mr. King, gravely, “ for I feci deeply upon this subject. You, of course, noticed the oak tree that hides the pathway ? It was planted when I was a boy'. A dreadful thing had happened there just before, though I cannot say positively there was anything super natural about it.” “ Wbufc was it ?” aslccd Miss Kothsby, curi ously. “Tell m*o all the story, please.” *• I can only tell you what I know. An odd- I looking foreigner passed through the town one day, and disappeared in the Glen. That night ti shock as of earthquake was felt, and people who passed near the forest hear stnmge, un earthly cries. From time to time these strange shocks wi ra repeated. The man was never seen again, and it was supposed that he was murder '* Oh ! and i& that all ?” asked Miss Kotluby, iu a disappointed tone. “ Thu Kuthoiitics considered it enough, and resolved to render the Glen ns iiiacrsstkle as possible. For aught I know, yours is the fn>t foot that lias stepped within it lor forty years.” *' I must say, then, that you have b st more than you can imagine, r.nd I shall try to atone for your neglect of the loveliest- spot on earth.” So answered iho wilful beauty ; and to the Glen she went thereafter as ofl< r. as oppor tunity allowed, declaring to hersi If. as she sat upon the greensward drinking iu the beauty of her surroundings, that it wasenebated ground, and that she was under the magic spell. When Charley King c:»ine lie was a willing escort, and so long as she was by his side, what did it matter where they went ? The picnic by moonlight had been a long talked of plan among the young poople of the village. The selection of i he place was left to these two visitors and they had chosen the haunted glen. Friday wus the night appointed. Some acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, but no one bad the courage to lefusc save tin; musicians, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous oilers, and could not be persuaded to ** rcsk their lives, reason, and in* strooments by goir to the har.ts of the devil hisself.’” tfo Mr. Kothsby supplied the music, giving the men hesent from llie citvinstruction? to reuder any assistance they could, bidding them, if possible, to arrange and light the immense number of Chinese lanterns he con signed to them without the knowledge of the pnrty. His plan worked well, for that their last night might not be assailed by ta’es not con ducive to steady hands, thry were met at the train and ditcetod to the Glen, with strict in junctions not to pluck so much as a blade of The sun had not yet set behind tho distant mountain lop when doors In re and there throughout- pretty Kilendale opened for the gay picnickers to j-aliy forth. Merrily Huy set out', followed by kindly anxious wishes. Miirily they trooped through the village strecls v.itii jest and laughter, while curious eves pet pud at them from behind blinds or ep* n doorways. Hut when they entered that distant pathway nud the sweet \r rfurne of Hie loie»t pervaded Die mr as their iiv'ht f. et pressed th<* carpet of pine not-ules the just died away, the laughter ceased, and their voices had a hollow sound. Fear seized upon tin m ; each had a strong de.-ire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule .of his follows. Tln-u the spasm passed, and in low voices they talked of little matins in the village. V»’lu*n the exquisite beauty of the Glen hurst upon their view all other thought** were dispel led, aud the nervous reaction of their ground less terror made fhem doubly merry'. Hundreds of lanterns gleamed faintly in tho fading twi light from the trees and vines on either side, and the grand old oak which barred the < u tranco was fairly covered with them. The first glimpse of the fair ** queen ot the night,” as her sdvery disc rose above tho t ree tops, was tbe signaffor a song, half chant, half rounde lay, that had bi-en composed for the occasion,]' and as the young people stood in the pride and strength <*f ikeir youth, their faces upturned,' their rich, sweet voices filling the dying day with melo-Jy, one would have said, “ Wise Miss Kuthsby t Surely no nsth-rs, unholy snirils. can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery aud your pure voici s must ex orcise them for uvennor-*.” Scarcely speaking, in little groups, tbe young folks wandered from spot to spot in an ecstacy of delight. Especially did the flowirs that gli-atncd so red upon the ground attract them ; but Miss KoHi^by bad exaggointed the stain they made that they might lie left untouched. She felt now that somcnatuial explanation could be give n of their nnplepsnnt peculiarity, but dreaded its effect upon wc-«k nervis, so wisely advised her companions to beware of She learned from tho musicians that her father bad intended coming cn the same train with them, hut being detained at th»» Inst min ute, lie would take the next one, and bo with them before^the evening was over ; so, us her light feet kept time to a favourite vvabz, and a face she much approved was very near to hers, she thought her cup of cartbly bliss was nearly run. There was to bo dancing until nine o’clock when supper would be served, and afterwards more dancing if they chose; but the parents had insisted that the young folks should b« at home by eleven, and Mrs. Gray had promised for them by virtue of her cinperonage. The camp fire was lighted on n great flat stone near the oak tree, end to show its good fellowship crackled in tho most cheerful way, while its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the sombre branches ot tho pirns way up tho si ibis of the Gleu. The baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting feast was spread, the frag rant aroma of the coffee proclaimed the last thing icady, and Mr. King, as master of the ceremonies,was about giving the signal for them all to assemble, when distinctly throughout tho place there came a soft, silvery sound like the tone of a clock striking the hour ot nine. The dancers, pausing in their giddy whirl, looked at each other and said, “ 'What a pretty device of Miss Kolheby’s !” but even as they spoke the cmth seemed to tremble beneath their tcet, while a lurid, uncaithly glow lit up with appal ling distinctness every object in the Glen,to the very top of the beetling ledge above them. With a discordant, jurnng sound the music stopped. Hearts beat fast; cheeks grew white; ! then the founds died away. “ What is it ? What does it mean ?” every body was asking. Charley King made onswer.although he could not quite control the tremor in his voice. •• it must have been a slight shock of earth quake or some electrical disturbance. 1 have seen most wonderful phenomena in my time.” Badly reassurred the musicians went back to their stand and the company sat down to tabic, but it was in vain they strove to speak natur ally, in vain they strove to eat. Tbiur voices wen*, thick, their hands trembled, their hearts beat painfully quick and loud Aftir a few moments Mrs. Gray, smiling faintly, said— “ My friends, I fear I have taken cold in this beautiful but moist place. I propose that wc adjourn to warmer quarters. “What say you to a good-night waltz at my house ?” Before an answer could bo given again there sounded throughout tho Glen the faint, low chime, so awtullv distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifled and Fetmuig to come from beneath them. leached their lar-s and a rocky door iu the cliff swung back, revealing a cavern filled with light ; but brighter than the light about it wus a human form wrapped in flame that sprang out of it and fell upon iho greensward. Here Wf*s something tangible, and Charley King swiftly led the way towards this new horror. Tco late ! the form luy still, the voice was silent, and the flames were masters at last, of him who had so long been their moster. Exorcised were the ghosts for ever, harmless was the subterranean chamber tilled with un n)C-amuK apparatus nnd curious chemicals to those who foqnd them, for the evil genius was dead. For years the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, and had found, at last, her very great* est death. 