Clje SiapunUageialtj FBI DAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896. MUNICIPAL MATTERS. At noon on Tuesday last the nomi nations of candidates to fill the various offices in the local Municipal Council which become vaeact oa December 1 were received by the returning officer at the Council Chamber. As suggested in our last issue, there was not even the ghost of an interest taken in the matter of the elections. His Worship the Mayor, who was asked by the council to stand again, the opinion of ratepayers being former! from their silence or privately expressed approval of his candidature, was elected with out opposition, which, though unfor tunately due to the apathy of the rate payers, was a well-deserved tribute to the efficiency of bis past services, an*! is justly claimed as an intimation that his services have been appreciate'!. Mr. Jaiues has beeu most energetic in the discharge of his duties, au-1, whilst he can regard his return unopposed as a compliment, it would have been more satisfaction to have had the formal assur ance of the ratepayers of their unani mous desire that he should serve for a second term. As for the offices of councillor, there were onlv sufficient nominations for the vacancies, and all but one of the old councillors have been elected. In the exceptional case, that of Cr. Flavel, this councillor declined to serve another term, and Mr. J. Selwood has been elected to take his place. It is 110 reflection on Mr. Selwood for us to express regret that a comparative stranger should have to bo obtained for the represen tation of South Ward. W - believe he will carry out the duties with conspicu ous ability, but it does seem strange that of all the ratepayers who have an interest in that ward that not one of them could be induced to coine forward. In sayi-'g induced, perhaps we are giving the ratepayers credit which thev are not entitled to, for it is very doubtful if any exertion were made. However, the new council is bound to be equal to the old, in which the ratepayers seem to have had entire canfidence. At the meetiug of the council on Wednesday evening, His Worship took occasion to briefly re»it-w the work of the past year, anil, as he says, the operations bi-ar favorable com. ari son with other years, notwithstand ing that the want of fuuds prevented all being done that, may have been required. With reference to the corporation-bonds, which become due in June next, he suggested three methods, any of which might with advantage bo' adopted. As he states, whichever method' ia adopted, a materia! saviug in the interest will be accomplished. • Butthere-is no doubt, as he stated, that the bonded debt will be bequeathed as a legacy to pos terity. WhilBt, however, it is to be hoped that no calamity wiii befall the town during ti:e next century which will necessitate ; he use of the mayor's fund, it woulii !><• wrong to convert the fund which Mr. Pearce many years agosothought fully and generously inaugurated into one for paying off the debt of the council. In fact, unless we are greatly mistaken, the fund cannot be used for the purpose, and if it can it ought not to be. The local fire brigade has been a sore point with the cor poration ever since the first payment of the moiety was demanded, and several times the question of endeavor ing to get out of the liability hag been considered, but so far without avail. Having in a hasty moment, some four or five years ago, decided to come under the Act, and hence under the absolute control of the Adelaide Fire Brigades Board, the corpora tion have had no say in the question of expenditure, and have had to pay their portion of the cost without question. The way out of the difficulty is an amending Act, and the dele gates to the Municipal Councils Asso ciation should strive to induce that body to take the matter up if it is thought advisable, and the repre sentative of country corporations on the Fire Brigades Board u.ight also use his influence. That the present system of a permanent paid brigade is beyond the requirements of the town is a questionable statement, and one we do not quite agree with, but that the cost is greater than the town can afford is certainly true ; but that is another matter. The fact that the brigade's services have never yet been required is no argument in favor of the opinion that the brigade is beyond the requirements of the town. The present system gives the brigade important powers iu times of fire which we believe would not he possessed by a volunteer brigade, or, probably, by what is called the " auxiliary" system, which is a point that should be taken into consideration. For general efficiency it is possible that a yolunteer would be equal to a permanent brigade, but the system is open to doubt There is a chance of the creeping in (as is too often the case) of the feel ing that the responsibilities connected with the position should be guaged by the compensation received, and the auxiliary system, doing away with the necessity of a paid permanent fore man at the station, leaves it doubtful if the same protection would be secured. The health of the town has been generally good, thanks to the vigilance of the health board and its officers. The question of decreasing revenue from the council is one that will cause considerable trouble as time goes on. Property in the town is fast deteriorating in value, and yearly reductions will have to he made in the assessment. An increase in the rates would certainly be strenuously opposed by the ratepayers, so that the only thing left for the council is to cut down expenditure in every possible way. Dektistby. — Mr. B. Thomson's next visit to Kapunda will be from Saturday evening, December 5, till the following Monday midday. Stbdck by Light.viko.—Weare informed that a voun» man (whose name we have not been able to ascertain) was struct dead by lightning on Wednesday evening on Mr, Branson's farm, near Daveyston. StrTH£BLA.NDS School.—In reply to Mr. Moody, M.P., on Tuesday, the Minister of Education said that increased accommoda tion will be provided, at thy Sutberlands school. Christ Chxtbch.— On Tuesday evening next Bishop Harmer will preach at Christ Church at 8 p.m. On Wednesday his.lord ship will consecrate the newly-erected church at Hamilton. Local Court.—Tlx? sittings of the Local Court will be held to-day. 'I*he proceed ings will have some interest, the appeal of the K;ipunda Institute committee against the corporation assessment being down for hearing. Kapdxda Hospital.—The secretary re ports as follows for the week ending Sopuffibw 25, 18015 :— Admitted, 5 ; dis charged, 2 ; died, 1; reuiainimr in hospital, 22. ArrGASTON Railway.—lu ispiy to the Hon. John Warren, the Chief Secretary has stated that the Government have not yet decided on a route for the railway from j Gawler or Roseworthy to Angaston. j Accident with Dytsastite.—A young j man named E. Braser met with an accident i at Blanchetown a few days back (says the Register). He had a dynamite cap between j bis thumb and fingers, and tapped it with . a hammer. The cap exploded, and the top of the thumb on his left band was shattered. A Caution to Boys.—What should be a caution to boys who are in the habit of j hanging behind vehicles, occurred to a lad I named Mounsey one evening last week, j He had clambered on to the back of a i waggon laden with hay, when a rope on > which he had his font slipped causing his I leg to come in contact with the wheel. : The liirsb was so lacerated that several ■ stitches had to be put in. The Cbops.—Notwithstanding the pro- i longed dry weather, some of the crops in i this neighborhood promise to turn out very j gOf>d. On the Hamilton road, we are j informed, there are sevei al fine crops, one ! being estimated to go 12 or 14 bushels to i the acre of splendid erain. We believe nearer Hamilton even better yields are in , some instances expected. j Seed Wheat. — An advertisement in another column calls tenders for 25,00 > bags of good clean wheat fit for seed. ! Tenders will ba received at the Supply and Tender Board Office. Adelaide, up till 3 o'clock on Tuesday, Do- ceuiber 15, and the wheat is to be supplied on or before March 1 next. The Weathek.—The weather during ths past week has been most trying. The following was the shade temperature registered at the local post-office:—Satur day, 96"5; Sunday, 90'5- ilonday, 8!>2; Tuesday, 99; "Wednesday, 996; Thnrsday,-. 56-8. We are informed that there w«s a - heavy fall of rain at Sutherlands on Mon- ' day afternoon. On Wednesday evening a - thunderstorm accompanied by a strong wind and rain, passed over Kapunda. Dtar- = ing the night light showers fell. - The-r rainfall registered at the IZupunda, poet-" office at 9 a.m. yesterday was 0-340 inches. Yesterday the sty -was overcast, but no rain fell. Steawbeset Pete. — On "Wednesday last a strawberry fete was. held in Christ Oh arch parish-room. The weather in the afternoon was excessively hot, ,sn<l interfered with the atierdanee, and in the evening the thunderstorm had ft siSnilar> effect, bat in spite of the "Unfavorable-. weather the attendance was -lair, yfcifid tlift result of thefete was very satisfactory .i'Xhe cake competition was not-so largely entered ■ for as was expected. The hot weather of the previous few days, no doubt, having indisposed several who would have other wise have been competitors. The goods were of a very creditable description. The following are the judges' awards:—Jam sandwich and pound of cake. Mini* Hazel; ribbon cake, Mr. Lewis ; scones, Mrs. A. A. Harris; sultana, cake, Mrs. J. M«od. 1 he stalls were in charge of the following ladies i—Cake, Mrs. Hamilton and Mioses Hazel, Jauies, -and. Blair; guild, Mesdames Warner, Lacey,. Foster, Hornabrookand Miss White; sweets, Misses Hooper, Benham (2), and W«ni;fawi: refreshments-, Mesdames Feazey Whit worth; Small, and McGregor, and Misses Teagle arid Ethel James j drinks. Misses A. Day, Ooriey". T wells, M -Peaiey," and Timmmi; strawberry, Mesdames M. Miller, A. A. Harris, and C. H. Shakeshaft, and Misses Day, Small, Mullen (2), Broadley and Hawke. Municipal Council.—On "Wednesday evening the last meeting of the Municipal Council as at present constituted waa held. There was no business of great importance brought forward. wii, Worship made a reference to the worOftor tlie past year and to the financial condition of the council, which is certainly very satisfactory. The present overdraft of about £23- is due to a cheque having to be drawn to meet the interest due on the bonds on December L The inspector's an j health officer's annual reports were also presented. At the conclusion of the meet ing the newly-elected members of the council were sworn-in. The councillors and several prominent townsmen then par took of a little light refreshment provided by His Worship. Variens toasts were honored, and an enjoyable time was spent. The chair was occupied by His Worship and the vice-chair by Mr. EL Jackson, J.P. BUpckda, Defence BtFie Club: A general meeting of the Kapanda Defence Bifle Club- was beid at the North Kapunda Hotel on Wedaesday evening. There was only a fair attendance, Mr." D. Shearwin presiding. The secretary {Mr. B. Fisher} read over a copy of rules and by-laws received from the staff office for the guidance of defence rifle clubar which were adopted with slight alterations- A long and lively discussion toek place. o» the subject of handicapping, it being proposed that the scores be taken of all the practices and kept as a guide for the handicappers .An amendment that the scores of class and prise firings only be kept was carried. It was decided that the first and third Wed nesdays and Saturdays in each month be practice days, when the marker will be in. attendance. It was resolved that future meetings ef the club be held at the Council Chamber, and that permission be obtained from the postmaster to hang a notice board in the post-office- Messrs: A. Grant-, H. A. Hoithouse, and W. Jeffs were appointed handicappers, Deaths.—On Saturday last Mr, P. W. Lambert, of the Terminus. Hotel, Mos<*an, died at_ the . TJosnitaL^and/was buried on Sunday p-fterntron. m1 'the-^Blnro road Cemetery, the feuiial service of the' Church of England being read by Mr. A. Hollo way, in the absence of the Hie*. C. S. Hornabrook through illness. Deceased wasa member of the Forester's Lodge at Auburn, and amono-st those present at the grave side were representatives of the local: lodge of that order.. Mr. Lambert was well' known in the lower north- Whilst residing at Crystal Brook he was a town councillor, a member of the committee of the local institute, and a member of the Volunteer Force and of the football and cricket clubs He was a good friend to the poor, and was respected by every one who knew him. On leaving for Morgan he was the recipient of an illuminated address, and was tendered a social by the volunteer foice. He was the second son of tbe la4e lientecaat ' George N. Lambert, R.N., and grandson of the late Admiral Sir George R. Lambert, K.C.B., E.N., and was in his 37tte year.— At midnight on Sunday last Mr./jT N. Smith, of Fords, near Kapunda, loeft, his eldest sou, John, at tbe age- of 28 years. The young man had been suffering for sometime, and his death was not at all unexpected. The deceased was well known in this district and other parts of the colony, and was highly .respected. For several years he was connected with the National Bank. He was subsequently in the employ of Messrs. Elder, Smith,, and Co., for whom he managed branches in the South-East, and also for the same firm was for a time in charge of camels at Hergott. During the absence of Mr. C. J. Coles from the local branch through his unfortunate accident about four years ago, Mr. Smith was in charge of the Kapunda branch. Mr. Smith was also manager on Mr. J. H. Angas's Kingsford . Estate Latterly he was on his father's farm at Fords. The funeral took place on Tuesday and was largely attended. The Rev. A. G. Fit (Congregational) officiated at the interment in the Clare-road Cemetery. FAK2WELL TO Me. J. JACOB, JDK.—A complimentary smoke social was tendered to Mr. John Jacob, jun. at Sobel's Hotel, Tanunda, on Tuesday, November 24. There were about forty gentlemen present, and Mr. S. yon Bet touch, J.P., occupied the chair. 1 he chairman, in proposing the health of the guest, referred to the length of time Mr. Jacob had been in the service of the E.S. & A. Bank, also to the fact that Mr. Jacob had twice, occupied the position of local manager there. As a bank manager, as a townsman, and socially Mr. Jacob and his family were held in the highest esteem in Tanunda, and general regrets were felt for his. approaching dt>pai*Jure from th& town. Tlie chairman's remarks were endorsed and enlaro-ed upon by Messrs. J. IT. Walder, J.P. (chairman* of the Tanunda District Council), £* Trimmer (a former official of the E.S. & A Bank), If. C. Huddle, W. J. Ponder, and others. The speakers were all eulogistic in their remarks, and unanimously expressed their best wishes for the guest's future happiness and prosperity. Special refer ences were made to the good done by Mrs. Jacob for the township generally and for the Tanunda Sunbeam Circle in particular. Mr. Jacob suitably and feelinglv replied, thanking the gentlemen who had spoken, and also those who had not, but who had shown liini iheir appreciation of his con duct by attending in such number at that smoke social. He naturally regretted leaving Tanunda. as not only had ho i'e~idi*d there t^ice as a bank manager, but bis - earliest recolleetiozs were of Tannnda and Morooroo, where hie people had lived for fifty years, and where most oi Ills school-boy holidays had been spent Sir. Hundle proposed the health of Mr. 3L von Bertouch, Mr. Jacob's successor, who, having- been brought op in Tannnda, and being a son of their worthy chairman was. well known to tbem alL He Hoped that his efforts as a successor to Mr. Jacob would meet with success, and that he would prove an acquisition to the township. Hr. Jacob supported the loast, and having had Mr. won Bertouch in bis office with him hehadnodoubt that he would prove suc cessful both as a bank manager and towns nan. Mr. von Bertouch modestly replied, stated that no effort on his part would be wanting to fulfil the •zpeetations they bad expressed concern iEjj him. The toasts of " The Chairman," 1-The Press," and *' The Tannnda Orchestra" were duly honored. The toast of the press was well received and caused #me little excitement, as a number of "toose present gars their ideas as to the duties of a press correspondent, some of Which were decidedly original and amus iag. Daring the, evening the Tannnda Wh.Tii.il liagave several selections in first fllass style, and songs and recitations were r" «n by Messrs. Stephens, Nettelbeck, and Trimmer. 