CHAPTER X. UNTWISTING Alt THE CHAINS, I When I had thrown oil my soaked cloth ing, and reatored my sluggard circulation by rubbing myself with a dry towel, I de liberated with myself about the beat eaurae of action. Jasper Byrne was being poisoned by theBe wretches, there was no doubt about that. If he remained in their clutches for another night and another day, there would probably be an end of him, Of course it was quite within my power to give infor mation to the polioe and then have him dragged out of this murderer’s den, but as I came to turn it over in my mind, I decided to undertake tho task myself, Jasper Byrne would prove a most useful person; if I gained his confidence, my path might be oleared of many difficulties. It was not an easy task, however. As far as I oould judge, he was extremely weak, and would have to be lifted bodily to the roof of the shed, and then oarried along that narrow wall and raised through the Window of my room. An unguarded or untoward movement might result in my breaking my neck. In addition to that, the task would have to be undertaken when all was abso lutely quiet, and it was only possible U Jasper Byrne was left unguarded in his The thunders had ceased to growl, but the rain swished on as furiously as before, It waa a regular deluge. The night was still dark as pifoh. Before twilight had set in, I had notioed that my landlady hadlefl her clothes-lines atretohed from wall to wal] in the oeurtyard, and I made up my mind to usa these in my work. I waited until Big Ben strnoktwo. Al wss btill as de '.th. Not a sound anywhere The rain had abated its fury, and waa t steady, penetrating drizzle. The first thinf I had to do was to reach the yard, That waa not difficult. I got out of my window as before, jollmbed down the water-pipe it the corner, and immediately secured some thiog like forty yards of stout olothes-line These I coded together and slang then aorOBS my Bhonlder. Then I olimbed baol to the partition wall in the manner I ha( coma, and soon waB on top of the Bhed op pOBlt6« I looked about; me. No light anywhere I crawled on hands and knees along th roof ot the outhouse, which reached froo the shed to the coffee-shop building itseli Tnere I lay down and listened. No sound no breath. I peered into the daiknrss i: overy direotion, but no light, no sound o life anywhere. . , , . I returned, still on my hands and kDeea to tho roof of the shed, and found the sky light. I tried to lift it, but fallal. I fel with groping fingers for the edges of th frame. Ihs putty, though soaked on top b the rain, was dry as dust uniernrath, an crumbled away under my touch. 1 took on my olaap-knife, and, ai quickly as I oouli removed the petty from one frame. Then I inserted my knife to lift the sheet of glass} but, as bad luck would have it, the glaEs was probably eraoked, for a pleoo es caped me and fell with a little orash to the door belew. I lay quite still and listened. I could see nothing in the shed, but I could hear a movement and a little cry of surprise, tfter that, a silenoe as of death. Jasper Byrne was evidently alone, and nobody had heard me. Undaunted, I went on and ripped the putty from another pain of glass. There I was more suooesBful, and the aperture was larger. I had barely succeeded when I heard a movement below and a faint ory. Again I listened. The movement continued, but no other living preaenoe m«de itself known. I lay down on the roof and oalled “Mr Byrne !” and a eoarooly audible “ Who is it ? For God’a BBke, who is it—who oalls me was th<> reply. “I’m a friend,” I said. “ Keep quiet and listen. I'm here to re3oue you.” There was a slight pauee, during whloh I thought I oonld hear my heart beat againBt my ribs. Then oame the answer— “ Thank God 1 thank God 1” “ Don’t be frightened at anything I may do,” J said. “ Lie quiet, and give no sign.” I felt with my hands along the edge of the aperture which I had made, and managed I to reseh the latoh, whioh, on the inside, held the skylight fastened down. It waB rusted into the oatoh, and it was only by a desperate effort that I suoeeeded in loosening it, After that it waB easy to raise the sky light and give an opening large enough to admit three men. The next question was how to desoend. I could see nothing in the pitchy darkness, but the distance from the roof to the floor could not be more than about twelve feat. I uncoiled a portion of my clothes line and fastened about twenty yards of it to the solid iron staple whioh formed the catch of the Bkyllght latoh, and slid along it in a heart beat's space. Luokily for myself, I had brought my fusee box, nnd when I had reaohed the bottom I struck a match. A swift glanoe around the plaoe showed me a oorner where my way up would be easier. On eaoh side of the sky-light great beams ran right and left from the wall to the roof. Even if the staple gave way, I conld reaoh the roof. I atruak another match and peered into Jasper Byrne’B face. I had never seen suah a ghastly grey face before. The lips were bine ; his whole frame shook as in an ague. He would have to be oarried like a child. He looked at me ourlouBly for a second. “ Why, you’re the man in the next room to me at Mrs Rooney's 1" he gasped hoarsely. “lam," I replied. “I discovered that you were in danger of being murdered, and I’ll take yon back to Mrs Rooney’s to-night, but for Heaven’s Bake don’t whisper even. You are not strong enough to move, 1 BupposB He raised himself painfully, and then I saw that he was dressed in his trousers and a cheok cotton shirt. “ Have you your boots here?” I asked, Ha shook his head. “No coat J” Again ho shook his head. " Well, we’ll have to do without them," I said. “ Now, do exaotly what I tell yon. Yon muBt let me arrange yon in snoh a way that I oan oarry yon, as I would a baby, on my back,” So aa ing, I lifted him up, and seated him on the bed with his back to the wall. Then I knelt down in front of him with my baok towards him. “Now," I said, ,f flingyonr arms around my neck, and try to olntoh me with yonr legs." He made a feeble effort, and at last suc ceeded. In the meantime I held some ten or twelve yards of clothes-line between my teeth. I threw a double ooil of the rope behind my back, catobing him underneath the arms. This I fastened across my cheBt; then by dint of muoh fumbling I pushed tho ends between my legs and caught his lega. These I tied as best I oould. Movement was of course impeded this way, but if the poor fellow’s strength failed it might save me and him from breaking onr necks.” “ Now,” I said, hold on to my neok with all yonr strength. Your life and mine may depend npon it.” I could feel his bony fingers closing with the grip of despair aorosB my breaBt, and his nails digging into my flesh. As I raised myBelf, I found that, after all, he seemed to be no great drag. I pushed the bed against the wall wh^ra I oould clutoh the beam, and Bwung myBelf up with it. Then I oaught the rope whiah was hanging loosely from the staple, and although the iron creakod and the rope BtralDed’ in imminent danger of bursting, I managed to swing myBslf up to the Bkylight and drag myself through it, with Byrne clinging desperately to my baok. Onoe out, I unfastened the rope and ociled it around Byrne’s body and mine, to give added seonrity. I crawled baok on my hands and knees along the narrow ooping of the partition wall; but the severest trial oame when I attempted to reaoh my own window. Here I nearly missed my footing, and only by a hair’s bretdth escaped tumbl ing headlong down into the paved yard. I never thought that I Bhonld be able to lift the dead weight on my baok into the window. But at last I managed it, and Byrue and myself were in security in my room. Fortnnately for bath of us, the rain had oeased. I was as soaked as before, but Jasper Byrne’s olothlng was dry, except where it had oome in contact with mine. There was no time to be lost. Therefore I dressed Byrne in my ooat, and fitted him with a pair of old shoes I had brought with me. An old soft felt hat of mine completed his attire. That being done, I deoided not to lose a second, bnt taking him in my arms, I oarried him down-stairs. The hall doer was looked and bolted, and the noise whioh I had to make in unbolting It brought some body to the top landing, and a woman’s voice called out shrilly— *• Who’s that down there 1 What are yon doing ?’’ “It’s only I,” I replied, “ I’ve got to go to my work.” ■‘Do yon work at three o’oloek in the morning ? ’ shouted the voioe. “ Yes, at throe o’olook in the morning," I replied ; but by that time, having drawn all the boltB, I went out and slammed the door behind me. It was a matter of iudifferenae to me what my good landlady might care to do afterwards. All was quiet In the street. Not a sound. I walked along Belvedere Road, carrying Jasper Byrne. He was not very heavy, but he felt more like an inanimate object in my arms than a live man. At the oorner of the Westminster Road the steady tramp of a policeman oame towards me, and after pro ceeding a score of paoes I saw the oonstable. He flashed his bull’s-eye at me, and said— “ Where are you going to with that “It’s a poor pal of mine,” I replied, “ that is dying, i think ; and I’m going to aee if I oan get him in a hospital.” The round disk of light was full on Jasper Byrne’s face for some ten or twelve seconds. "He does look bad.” said the police man softly. “ He looks as if a hospital wouldn’t be able to do much good for him. But they won’t take him in at this time ol *“ I think they will.” I replied. “ They’ll take him in at ■ he Free Hospital in Gray’s ■ Ion Road, If I can only find a oab." 1 The polloeman's bud’s-eye flashed into mj faoe and travelled over me, L “ Go on then,” he said ; and I hope yot 1 auooeedl Stop for a moment.” he added " you might give rae your name.” “George Grant," I rejoined, 212 Bsl * vedere Road.” 1 Tho policeman flashed his light at mi ’ again, and jotted down the name ant ’ address in his book. ) On Westminster Bridge I met a orawlinf 1 oab. and the offer of three shillings wa sufficient to ensure the driver’s best services ’ I shall not forget Mrs Rooney’s faoe when l after ringing and knooking as if I had in 3 tended to tear the House down, she openei j the door. The poor woman fairly soreamed 1 “ Is it Mr Byrne !” she s»l 1, “ or is It hi t ghost ? Good heavens! he iBn’t dead, i , I he?” "No, he isn’t dead,” I said, “but he may die, unless we do something mediately to bring him round.” “ Poor Mr Byrne i” blubbered Mrs Kooney, when I had carried the man up stairs and laid him on his bed. “ What have they been doing to him, the viliainB ? And you, Mr Grant j what have you been and done to yourself, looking for all the world as if you’d been trying to sweep the street ? And look at your olothea.” “ Run, Mrs Rooney !'’ I interrupted ; “ make a oup of coffee as strong and as hot as you oan, and fly for your life.” She looked at me for a second In amt zed enquiry. “Run!” I went on. “This man’s life may depend on what yon do.” I lighted a candle. Bryne lay upon hiB bed like a log. Bat for a barely perceptible breathing he might have been dead. His fr.ca was grey, his lips nearly green, his eyes closed. That he was suffering from Borne narcotic poisoning was beyond question; but to my mind he was not suffering from narootio poisoning alone. The feebleness of the pulse, the absence of perspiration,and, when I tried it, the swift effeot of the light of my oandle upon the pupils proved to me that there was a preponderance most likely of another venom, probably the metallio one.” Mrs Rooney Boon oame, with a Bteamlng oup of coffee in her hand. I administered a spoonful of it at a time, as beat I could, to the patient, and though it had but little visible effeot upon him, I knew, from the slightly stronger breathing and from the weak effort to rouaa himself, that I bad done right, I did not oare to bear the responsibility of this man’s life or death, especially as I was perfectly In the dark about what bad happened to him, Therefore I sent Mrs Rooney for her doctor, who arrived abont half an hour afterwards in hot haste, not at all overplessed at being oalled out of his bed at that time of the morning. He was a grumpy man, prematurely bald, with stubby, reddish-brown whiBkerB. When he saw Bjrn9 he shook hlB head. " The man has baen taking opium,” he said; “ that’s as plain as daylight. A filthy habit, and jhe deserves all he has got.” “But what are we to do, dootor T’’ I asked. “ Do 1” he growled. “ I wish I’d known it was a aase like this when 1 was oalled out of my bed just as I got a wink of sleep, after being np half .the night with ao oident case. Do ? No use trying a stomach pnmp with him; he’s soaked with it. Might try an emetic. P at oold wet towels on his head and ohest. Try and keep him awake; If yon haven't any compound oamphor lini ment in the house, pnt a poultloe of must ard and oayenno peper on him, and as Boon as It’s daylight, yon can send for some Bai volatile and let him breathe that." “ I’ve given him a portion of a oup of coffee,” I said. “ I suppose I wasn't doing wrong.” “Not at all,”he Baid gruffly. “Punch him—jump on him—but keep him awake. Good- morning,” “What's that nioe gentleman’s name?’’ I asked Mre Rooney, when the surgeon had left the room. “ That’s Doctor Banderley,” she said. “ He’s not very nloe as a rule, but I never knew him to be a boor like that.” It struok me very forolbly that Doctor Benderley oarried on his shoulderB ,a very grave responsibility, and that if Jasper Byrne died, serious questions might be put to the worthy dootor as to whether or nay he had given the oase Bnffiolent attention. The treatment whioh he prescribed I knew to be quite correot in the ease of poisoning by opium, but I feared, and, indeed, thought I knew, that opium waa not the only dangerous subatanee with which Byrne had been drugged. Mrs Rooney and myself spent the next few hours in oarrying'out Dootor Benderley's instructions, slightly varied in snoh a manner as .my common sense and general medioal knowledge warranted. It was nearly nine o'clock before I felt a little easier. The pulse had become stronger, the breathing more free, and the movements less painful and palsied. To be Continued. 