Jtems at I Hahietoit 'Genbeae Sessiona__ 9 The only case set down for hearing Mf; 1 the Gourt c£ General .Sessions to be nun. j BamUtnri on ..Ttoisday, 16th Jnn®> H-jk 1 of the three mea William Best, Jonn n I maid Pahidt O'Connor, who had neeo i hwttedlJof Ttrml .btt 'lhB 12th May 1 HamilfonPriiaeifjonrt, on ach&rg;®®, 1 Caoltapd Xothery in company J have beai cbmrilitted by them on tp I Waythe JeUeeed .rioti hemg alaw®? J . Tohn Anderson. there will be no "Jhefore the County or Insolvency fonrts lD aU Probability Jnd8® Ch0m,ey : '""/serious Chabge.— At the Eden- , „ police Court on Tuesday, before «0PL \V T. Hoare and J. G. KerrJ'e.P., M man named Thomas Mom's, whore behave resided in the Edenhope district Tr many years, was charged with stealing £. fox-skin from A. Clarke, jnn. The "rideoce showed that Clarke, who had been e S out on a hunting expedition, caL from his tent the skin referred to Aether with a kangaroo skin, a pocket- wdkerchief and half a crown. Snbse- ntlv the accused brought the skin to the 'hire hall to claim the bonus thereon, and .de a statutory declaration that he killed Ihe fox himself on the 30th May at Jalla- lin about 4 p m. The skin was afterwaids int. tied bv Clarke, and when Norris was rested by Constable Mills tbe liandker- hief was found uoon him and also iden tified The BeBch'sentenced Norris to two ilnnths" imprisonment in Ballarat Gaol, ® . tracfVion fnrmnltv chftrAd vitll ftfld ftCCUOCU nom suvh. . n perjury, and remanded until Tuesday next. Tbe Buckley Swamp Valuation _ _I„ 0nr report of the first day's hearing of the appeal. Earner v. the Shire of Dundas. it was stated that Mr. Harold Learmonth, under cross-examination, de- rosed tbat be bad known seven sheep to the acre to be on Mr. Ferrier's land. The statement was alluded to'during the re sumed hearing on Tuesday last, and Mr. Learmonth then denied that he had made "t Mr. Learmonth has explained that what lie stated was that he had known several sheep to the acre to be on Ferrier's land meaning -two or three, more than one in fact. Doubtless the error occurred through our reporter taking the word several to be seven in his notes of the evi dence. Dukdas Shire Rates. — Mr. R. M'Luckie, rate collector for tbe Shire of Dundas, has favoured ns with an account showing rates paid and those stil! ontstand- ing this" year. From this we find that the total amount of rates due in the Shire for the current year is £4.191 17s, of which £3 327 Ss fid had been received up till and inclusive of 10th of June, as against £3,546 Is paid last year, and £3, 77 S 12s Gd up till and inclusive of 11th June of the year before, showing a steady decrease of over £-100 each year. Tbe amount still 'out standing this year is £8G4 Ss 6d, bnt of this £656 lis (>d am owing hy five ratepayers, leaving a balance to be accounted for by the remainder of £207 lis. An Elusive Spirit. — The neigh bourhood of Clarke-street, Hamilton, has been considerably excited and deeply mys tified twice within the space of a fortnight. First a lady lost her purse somewhere about the open space of ground by the Odd fellows' Hall. The purse contained a considerable rum of money, and though it was searched for most assidnonelv on thr day it was dropped, no trace of it wac found till the next morning, when it was picked up on a footpath. There would have been nothing peculiar abont this if the ladv bad walked over this particular footpath, but she had not passed that way, consequently the purse was found where Ebe could Dot have dropped it. This week something styled a ghostly shape by a resident is reported to have appeared in Clarke-street. Whether the ghostly shape iE shaped in any particularly angular or ex travagantly rotund fashion we have not learned, but it seems tbat there was a face on the upper end of the apparition. This face peered— ghostly shapes never look, they always peer — through a window and alarmed a lady. Then there was a general alarm, and a lot of youths set ont to chase the ghost. First they found the visitant from the unknown standing in the shade of a house, and were abont to apostrophize him with a few pieces of road metal when he turned ont to be a policeman whose visit to the locality was probably not unconnected with tbe mysterious transposition of the recovered purse. Still the ardent crowd having resolved to lay the spirit if road metal could be brought to bear tbat way, proceeded up the street. Further on they found it again. This time it had a huge club sticking straight up ont of its forehead, and the club shone in the starlight just sufficiently to make the investigators gasp ' ' That's him 1" Then thev brought the metal to bear in earnest ou the remarkable apparition, until a mild young man who was studying the twinkling lights in tbe Heavens through a telescope turned on them and made a few astronomical observations of a strengthful, if not violent character. Apparently the clever person who is endeavouring to play the ghost — or the fool — in Clarke street will have a liberal share of bluest-one supplied to him if the boys do happen to find him. i'ori'LAit Entertainment. — The second of the series of popular entertain ments in aid of the Mechanics1 Institute will be held in the Town Hall on Wednes day evening next. The committee have beeo fortunate in securing the services of several amateurs, who are rarely seen on tbe local stage, together with some who have not as vet appeared here. The in- stmmeot&l; numbers will be given by Messrs. Horwitz, A. C Palmer, Workman and S. H. Palmer. Miss Stretch, of Port Fairy, ffill Eing " It was a dream " and ' The last rose of summer and Mr. Wigoey, an old member of the Ballarat Leidertafel, will be heard in 4 The Bedouin Bane song'1 tod 41 Home Boys Home." A quartette will be rendered by the Misses Lawn, Mr. Campbell and Mr. Wigney, and a trio by Miss Lawn, Mr. Campbell and Mr. Wigney. The central feature of the programme is ' Mr A. S. "Workman's lecturette which, ! under the title of " Methods of Marriage," should prove vastly eutertainiog. The ad mittance will be Is to ail parts of the honse e before. A. Hum at Warrnamrool. — It is probable that arrangements will be made for a hunt near Warrnambool daring the present season, and the Hamilton dab will be asked for the use of their bounds, and die members invited to take part in the bunt writes the Standard). Last year a similar project was inaugurated, bat owing to the unexpected circumstances arising the hunt did not take place. Mr. T. Vines, eecretary of tbe Hamilton Hant Club, is frequently in Warrnambool, and several local sportsmen have interviewed him on the subject. He states that little difficulty Mil be experienced in making the arrange- with that club. A meeting is to be held in tbe Western Hotel at II o'clock on Friday to consider the matter. The Gleaner's Union. — The monthly meeting of the Gkaner's Alif- aionary Union was held in Christ Church hall last evening, Canon. Tucker presiding. Mr. E. Campbell was elected honorary sec retary in the place of Mr. D. Carrnthers, resigned. The proceedings were inter spersed with singing, the singers being Mrs. , - Laidlaw, Miss Lawn, Mise Carrnthers, Miss M. Sloan and Mr. Campbell. It was arranged to hold the parish missionary «fival on Sunday, September 20th, when fins Mrmons will be preached -by the Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A.. Vicar of St.Mary's, Lanltield. Gampeudown Butter Factory. — The anneal report and balance-sheet of the Latnperdovm Cheese and Batter Factory Uo rap any has been issned, and shows -that ths net profit for tbe year amounted to £-,-47 Iks lOd, which, added to the un divided profit of £363 16s lOd from the previous year, makes a total of £2,611 15s !k. for distribution, which the directors pro pose o apportion as follows ; — Dividend at the rate "I < per cent, on paid up capital, £100 ; bon f 43 per pound on hatter manafacturea daring the year, £1,353 3s fd ; written off buildings, factory, £200; written off plant, fa".itory, £500 ; written off Plant, creamery £lny,S carried forward, 298 lis 4d. Daring th" I8 2 months Wr.aS1 quantity of'inii.»WB gallons, for which fresnm ol 21,002 8e Id was paid. The "noed from this milk was 649,5201b.' average quantity" of milk required .to nce a pound of -batter daring 4be yea? jvas 2-25 gallons. The average . price paid -omOk during the year was 344d per Hamilton Bicycle c5eub.ifra! com jnittee meeting was heddutttheClnhriioms «6ht. The Captain JMr. R/Greed) J? ""tin chair. A letter Vfs rac&ved; from Hr.Prentace.fz Mr. TaHoik trophy. !®g that the trophy wUlbe-on-viow at Ji Hughes' shop hext' week, »nd iiiiuFihe JJjMwiee of Ihe race ie tobe not feaa than WaddTMr' tw'Te ntnrtera orno.iac. hfr. Wednesday, and finishing at The" Argylo Hotel corner. It was decided' to give a trophy valued at £1 as a second prize. Mr. Moy- nan was appointed jadge. and Messrs. Collier, Sevier and It, Goes stewards, Mr. G. B. Bippon jnnr., ttarter and time keeper. It was decided .to start the race at 2 o'clock. Tbe .resignation of the Rev. Canon Tacker from tbe position of Vice- President was received with regret on the motion of Mr. B, M'Luckie, seconded by Mr. R. Gobs. Nine new members were proposed and accepted, and the prize money dae to Messrs. Goss and M&ddick; were pas sed for payment. Hamilton Football Clur— The trophy presented by the Patrons of the Hamilton Association to tbe winning club last year, will shortly be presented to Hamilton, which was Hie premier dab. The trophy, which was procured in Mel bourne. is a handsome flower stand, the bowl of pink glass with floral facings in bronze. The stand is of plated metal, also bronzed, and ie inscribed, 4< Hamilton Foot ball Association. Premiership trophy ; i) resented 1 SflS Wnn tViu iiumiifAn Club.'1 While the trophy represents a verv suitable prize for the winning Clah, we would suggest that prizes which woold recognise tbe individuals concerned would be more satisfactory to playing members. Tbe members often leave the district, and while the Glob may accumulate a number of trophies, those who do not continue to belong to the Club have nothing to ehow that they assisted to win one or more premierehips. If the value of the large trophy were expended in properly inscribed medals, these could be handed 10 players taking part in a certain nnmber cf games, and they wonld thns bare some thing to show that they had belonged to a winning team. Certainly the medals wonld not be very valnable, bnt after all tbe value of a commemorative trinket is of little consequence as -compared with that of the feat by which it is gained. The trophy will be on view at Mr. Weafcgarth's tobac conisfcs3 chop window for a few days. "Warrnambool Industrial and Art Exhibition. — The Warrnambool people have decided to hold an exhibition doring the ensuing summer, and we have been re quested to publish the following circular, which conveys a general idea of the project : — " It has been decided to hold an Indus trial and Art Exhibition in Warrnambool during the sammer of 1896-97, opening in December of this year, and remaining open as long as the Commissioners consider ad visable. Warrnambool is now recognised the leading watering place of the colony, it having been crowded with visitors daring the whole of last season, and owing to the extensive scheme of advertising the town as a seaside resort, which took place last summer, and is still being carried on, a very Urge influx of visitors is regarded as a certainty for the ensuing season. Under these circumstances tbe Commissioners consider that as it is very many years since anything1 of the kind has been held in the district, the time is now ripe for an Exhibi tion showing the manufactures and re sources of the colony . It is also considered that, as the depression has almost entirely disappeared in this part of the colony, and the resources of tbe Western distriot, of which Warrnambool is the centre, being practically unlimited, and that the town will daring the progress of the Exhibition be visited by an enormonB nnmber of people from all parts of tbe colony, manu facturers and others will find it to their advantage to embrace this opportunity of exhibiting their goods. Prize-lists and other information will be published shortly, and any particulars may be obtained from the Secretary, WarrnambooL Treasury Accounts and Parcels. — The following accounts are waiting pay ment at the Hamilton Treasury: — G. T. Allan, Mary Bishop, J. Blackwood, Branx- kolme Mechanics' Institute, A. Cameron, H. Cross, Thomas Green, W. Harris, John Healy. A Ingram (2), Henry Mortimer. Parcels addressed to the following are lying at the local railway station : — Sergeant- Major Baker, J. M'Combe (2), Chadwick, T. Vines, D. M'Pherson, R. J. Willing, Thomas Paget Cox, Manager Mokanger Station, Rev. W. M'Donald, Alexander Rankin (Bochara), Mrs. J. Stewart, Mrs. John Cross, — Harrison. . .As announced in our advertising columns, the members of Christ Church gymnasium will give a gymnastic display on Monday next, to which visitors are invited. Dr.Scott, M.L. A..is running Dr.Cole for the Villiers and Heytesbury election most ener getically. He proposes the votes of coufl- ricDce after the candidate's speeches, and generally uses his influence in favour of tbe successor -elect he has taken up. A meeting of those interested in the for mation of a Quoits Association was held in tbe. Temperance Hall on Thursday evening, hut owing to a company performing in the Town Hall, the meeting was adjooroed to Tuesday evening at Mr. Stephens' rooms, Thomson-street, at 8 o'clock. 