:.-> ' - :-.?i-U'i- -M - ":/-M" ' ': ||p|lfHSEY'S 'Patient,: r MM STRANGE Stttt, wSJSSSSg'.--. ;>; .-'. „ , , ? ,«.> Joist Auinow o» "Stosiis took mm Dum o» a Dooton. . " "VI ' , c<",y""rt' CHARTER XXIY.— ( C'owimwfl!.) tliu ruitid of every, other spectator. Miu- garot shared i it, . ;as her uncle's, hand rested u little heavier moment by moment on her slight, shoulder. . Squire ... ' Outhbort was swouring , ; lienvily under his breath. . Tlio sisters nnd their hus bands; stood in ' the bttckground, pro- . pared for. any ' donauenicnt'— nil was quietness and expoetaiioy. Mrs.E verett, who up to the present iu stunt had, taken : ho part in the extraordinay scene, hur ried now. to the front. 1 Squire,' she said, ' 1 do liot Icuow what -you are going to say, but , I, ; en 11 ; guess. In advance let 1110 thiuijc you from my heart ; a premonition seines rne that the moment of my son's release is . at hand. ' You have, gut this' young woman tu reveal her- -secret? ' ' Her secret is mine,' said Awdrey. Squire Cuthhert swore aloud. '.Tust wait one moment before you say anything,' said Awdrey, fixing his eyes oh liim. ' The thing is not what you imagine. I can tell the truth in half a dozen words. Mrs. Everett, you are right— you boo tho man before you who lulled Horace Erere. Your son is Innocent.' . ' You did this ?— you ! ' „cricd Mrs. Ererott. ' Robert, what are you saying ? 1 ex claimed Margeret. ' 'Robert!' echoed Anne. 'Door brother, you must bemad!' said Dorothy. No, I am sane — I am suro I was mad for a time, but I am quite siuie to night. I liiUed Horace Ererc on Salis bury Plain. Hetty Vincent saw the murder committed;' she hid her know ledge for my snke. Immediately after I committed the deed the doom of my house fell upon me, and I forgot what! myself had done. Eor five years I had no memory of my own net. Rumscy, when I saw my face reflected in tho pond, six months ago, tho kuowlcdgc of the truth returned to mo. I remembered what I had done. I rempmheroil, and I was not sorry, and I resolved to hide the truth to the denth; my conscience, the thing which makes the difference between man and beast, never nwuko within :rne — I was happy and I kept well. Rut yesterday— yesterday when I camo home and saw my peoplo and saw Hetty here, and noticed the look of suffering ' on your face, Mrs. Everett, the voice of' God began to mako itself heard. Prom that moment until now , tho powers of evil have Peon figbtiug against tlio powers of good for my soul. \- J; whs" coward enough to think that I might hide tho truth and livo the. life of a ' hypocrite.' Tho Squire's voico, which had bcon quiet nnd composed, faltered now for the .first time. ' ' It could ' not be done,' I10 added. 'I found I could not .close .with tho devil,' At this roomont a strnngo thing hap- Eoned. Awdroy's wife rushed up to irn, slio Hung her arms round his neck, eiid laid her head on his breast. ' Thank God 1' shu , murmured. Nothing mutters, for you have saved your soul alive,'. ' But this is a most remarkable thing,' said Mr. Cuthhert, finding his tongue, and coming forward. . ' You, Awdrey — you, my niece's husband, come quietly into this room and tell us with the utmost coolness that you aro araurdoror. 1 cannot believe it— yoit must be mud.' 'No, I am perfectly sane. Jlotty Vincont can provo the truth of my words. I am 11 ''murderer,' hut not by intent. I never meant to kill Prore; nevertheless,. I am u murderer, for I have taken a man's life.' ' You tell mo this ?' said Squiro Cluthbort. ' You tell ine that you havo .Buffered another man to suffer in your . stead for close on hix yours ?' 'Unknowingly,, Squiro Cuthhert. There was u blank over my 'memory.' . 'I can testify to that,' snid ltumsey, now coming forward. "The wliolo . . c story is so astounding, so unprecedented, that I am not too least surprised at ' your all being unable to. make a just estimute of tho truo , oiroiimstnnces at the present moment. Nevertheless, , Awdroy tells tho simplo. truth. , I have ' watched him as my patient for years. I have given liis caso my greatest utton- . .tion, ,1 consider it one of . tho most curious psychological studies wMoli has occurred in too ' whole of my wide ex- perionco. . Awdroy killed Horace Erore, and forgot alb about it. The deed was doubtless done in a moment of strong irritation,' v. : , ' He was provoked to it,' said Hetty, speaking for too first thno. ' ,' It will ho necossory that vow put all that; down'iih writing,' said ltumsey, giving, lier a quick glunco. 'Squire, I begin to see a ghost of daylight. lit is possible that you may ho saved ft'ora too serious consequoncos of your own act, if it oan.hoiproyod before a jury. that you committed tlio torrihle doed as': a menus of self-protection.' ' It was for that,' said Hotty, again,. 'I can toU exactly wliiit-I saw.' i Tlio excited, peoplo who were listen ing to this narrative now bogan: to mb'vo about and ; talk engorly nnd rapidly. Itumsoy alone-altpgdther kept his head. ... Ho saw. how ill. Hetty was, nnd how all- important '.lipr/ Btoiy would be if there , was any eliahce of saving Awdrey. It miiRt bo put in writing without delay. . . ' Como (iud sit, lioro,' bio said, taking toe . girl's, hand and leading' her to a chair. All too others shrank away from her, but Mrs. Everett, whose eyes wero . blazing with a . curious oomhinatioa of passionate' augor and wild, exultant joy, came close up to her for a .moment, ' ' - 'Little hypoorito— little spy!' 'slie liissod. ' Do not forgot that you havo committed perjury. Your sentence will bo a sovoro one.'. , . v.. . . : 'Hush,' said ' Rumsoyiv MsV this a moment — 7-?' ;. A. look in .his- eyes uiiunced the _widyw— she shrank awuy; ... ..v i . near one of , the windows to relieve her overcharged feolings in a hurst of tears. ' Sit hero , und cell me exactly what you saw,' said Rumseyto Hetty. 'Mr. Cuthhert, -you are doubtless a magis trate ?' ' Bless, my stars, I don't know what I am; at the present momout/ said the worthy Squire, mopping his : crimson brow. 1 ' Try. to retain your self-control — vo- liiomber how much hangs on it. This young woman- is vory ill— it -will bo nil important that wo get 'lier,' deposition before — ' ltumsey pnilscd ; ! Hotty's eyes wore fixed on his face, : her. Hps" moved fhintly. ' . ,f You may save the -.Squiro ;after all if you tell the simplo truth, ' snid Rum scy, kindly, , bonding towards her and speaking iii a low voice. . . ' Try and tell the truth. I know.you aro feeling -ill hut you will he better aftorwnrds. -Will you tell mo exactly what happened V I shall put it down 111 writing. You will then sign your own deposition,' ' Is it too case that if I:toll just the truth I inuy save Squire ?' askc'tl Hetty.- ' It is liis only ohaucu. Now hogin.' Tlio others crowded round ; all hut Mrs. Everett, who still sat iu the ! win- do w, her face buried iu hoi handkerchief. Hettv lieirau lier tnlo faltermb- lv. oftcii tvoinbling anil often ."pausing, '..but ltumsey munagod to keep her to the point. By und by tho -wliolo' queer story was taken- down mid was then formally signed and sworn to. Rurasoy folded up tlio ipaper and - gave it to Squiro Cuthhert to keep. 'I liave : strong hope that wo may clear Awdrey,' lie said. ' T'lie cnso is ii clear one of manslaughter which took place- in self- defence". Mrs. Vincent's deposition is most-important,- for it not only .shows that' Awdrey committed toe unfortunate deed under the strongest provocation, but explains exactly 'why- Erere should have hail such animosity to the Squiro. Now Mrs. Vincent, you have rendered Mr. Awdrey a very- valu able service.' ' i ' Before Hetty leaves toe room ithovo is something to he said on' her own ae-' eount,' said tlic Squire. ' He then related in a few words the tragedy which had taken place at the Gable Enrm. While hie was speaking, Hetty staggered to lier feet and faced him. 'Will what I havo 'told just now really save you, Squire ?' slio asked. ' It seeins impossible to believe it, Hetty; hut Dr. Ilumsey thinks so,' answered Awdrey. . Tho deadly, whiteness of her fane, was suddenly illuminated with; a look of. joy.: 'Then nothing else matters,' slio panted.. ' If you, . Squire, ' aro safe- Hetty, poor Hetty, has not suffored in vain?' ' She staggered blindly forwards ns toe last words' loft lier lips, and fell in a heap on tho floor. . The doctor, Margarot, and the Squire rushed to. her assistance, hut whon.tooy raised her up Rhe was dead. .'Heart disease,' said Rumsey, ' accelerated by shook.' , A 'fow more words can finish tliis strange story.' At tho Squire's. icequost, Mr. Outohiirt took the neeossarj' steps for liis arrest, and Rurasoy hurried to town to get too interference of too Homo Secretary in too case of Everett, who was suffering for, .Awdroy's supposed crime in. Portland prison. Tho doctor had a long .interview with 0110 of too officials at the Homo Office, and dis closed all tlio queer oh-oumstaneos of the caso. Everett, according to too Queon's prerogative, received in due course a free pardon for the crimo ho hud never com mitted, and was restored to ' his mother and his friends once again.; Awdroy's trial took plaoo almost im mediately afterwards at Salishufy. ..The trial was novor forgotton in the county, ! and was tho one. topic of conversation for several, days in : too length and breadth of England. So romnrkablo und Btrange a , caso. had n'over boforo been- propounded for ' the benefit of too twolvo respectable, mon who acted as jurors, ' " , Hetty's all- important deposition nindo a, grout sensation ; . lior evidouce ,wus corroborated by Mrs. A.rmitago, and when Riimsey appourod as a witness ho abundantly proved that ; Awdrey had completely forgotton too deed of. wliioh lie . had 1 boon guilty. His thrilling , dosoription of his patient's straugo oaso: was listened to with breathless atton-i tiqnN bv .a, crowded cftnrt. Tlio teial lnstod for two . days,' during which time, tlio anxiety of aU Awdroy's fri'onds can bo bottor imaginod than dosoribod. At- toe . end of too trial, tho jury rbturned n yerdiot i of not guilty. In ' short, his -, strango , oase had boon abundantly proved; ho had done what he did -with-, out intent to lull, and simply ns a means- of self-defence. ' v \ A " : ' On the evening of - his roturn to. Graiidoourt, he and: Margarot' stood in toe porch togotoer side by side. It was a moonlight night, and the wliolo lieduti- ful plaoo was hriglitly. 'illuminated,' . . ' . 'Itobort,' said the wife,, ' you have lived through it nil — you will now take, a frosh loose of life.' . He shook his bond. 'It is true that I havo gone through too fire- and boon saved — I can novor ho too mnn I might have boon.' ' You onnbe a thousand times totter,' she replied with flashing oyos, ' for you have learnt now the bittor and awful losson.of how a man may fall, rise again, and conquer, ' THE ENB. ' ' Kipling's greatest ambition is said to be to Berve as a war oorrespondent. The next big war will take him into fee flold. Burglur'a Wife: "Halloa, Bill!'' Burglar: : !! m'y'11 ban ' " 'Barglat'e Wife : "Whats upf" Burglar: "rm a-lamb ! Ifi I ain't- got, mixed -up-in -theaa oronlted .stronta an' .went an' broke inter my own houeel."- A; " b < a, I... 