NUGGETS. America has over -iOOO islands round its coasts. Sword-fibh as food is Infinitely superior to salmon. In Russia the principals of a duel partake of breakfast together before going out to fight. Only 36 per cent, ot the people ot Paris are born there. A newspaper man was lined in London for crying false news. A Dudley (Eng.) cabman was fined for carrying a corpse In his cab. A Preston (Eng.) confectioner has been fined for selling lucky " sweets. A cycling paper says the wheel has led to a decrease in the number of spinsters. Japan is going to grant Government bounties to shipowners and shipbuilders. • The new British atmy magazine rifle will throw to a distance of over 4,000 yards. A London magistrate stated that a prisoner was under no obligation to give his right name. It is said that the Pope of Rome is the only priest in Christendom who never preaches a sermon. In London alone the natural increase of the population, from excess of births over deaths, is about 4000 a month. Anti-toxin serum cured 970 out of 1100 patients treated for diphtheria in the last twelve months at the Vienna Institute. No race on earth seems to be wholly exempt from the idea of the superiority of one class over another by right o£ blood. Bats are most curiously constructed, the heart's action being aided by the rhythmic contractions of the veins of the wings. Strange to say. the bicycle now forms no inconsiderable portion of the miscellaneous supplies forwarded to the missionaries abroad. A London magistrate, replying to a wife's complaint, said a husband could stay in bed for three montliB and refuse to see a doctor if he chose. Denmark promises to provide us with milk frozen into bricks, a syndicate having been formed in Copenhagen for the regalar supply of milk ice. More than 10,000 persons are engaged in the manufacture of explosives in England. Last year forty persons in the business were killed and 167 injured by accidents. Fifty bicycles were impounded in one day in Paris recently because they had no plates bearing the owner's name and residence soldered to them, as the new law required. A Jewish tailor has been fined in Bast London for Sunday traffic. The Factory Acts sanction Sunday work by Jews on condition that no work is done on the Saturday. The language of Greece to-day, allowing for the changes which would naturally be brought about during the centuries, is substantially the same as the language used by Demosthenes and Pericles. Waiters who object to tips met in London to organise their forces. They 'prefer a wage of 30s a week and the abolition of tipping. Some waiters have to actually pay for their situations and depend upon tips. John Hardy, the inventor of the vacuum brake, who died recently in VienDa, was born in 1820, worked for a time under George Stephenson, and is believed to have been the last survivor of his assistants. Before the reign of Charles II. the only Armed force was the one hundred Yeomen of the Guard. Charles established two regiments of Guards on a foreign model. Previously to Henry VII. there were no Yeomen of the Guard. The " Printer's Bible " is so called because it contains a curious typographical error in the 161st verse of Psalm cxix., which is made to read, " Printers have persecuted me without a cause," instead ofPrinces." An improved snake story comes from Calcutta. Two tame pythons were kept together, when one swallowed the other. The inside snake, feeling uncomfortable in the other s midst, proceeded to eat its way out at the other end. The vital spark in tortoises is very strong. There is a recent record of a tortoise which lived six months after its brains had been removed. Another which had suffered decapition showed life in the severed head three days afterwards. The apple crop of the United States and Canada last year WAS estimate 1 to be from 57,000,000 to 60.000,000 barrels, or from 7,000,000 to 10,000,000 barrels more than were ever produced in any previous year. This year's crop will equal, if not surpass, that of last year. Burmese humanity to animals poes so far as to provide buffaloes kept in stables with moBquito netting. The mosquitoes are as annoying to cattle as to human beings, but when left out of doors the buffalo can protect himself by rolling in the mud and allowing it to cake upon him. An aerolite fell in Belgium, injuring a man who was working in the fieldB. It weighed 301b., one side being smooth and covercd with •what resembled hierolglyphics cut by means of an instrument. Some try to think it may be a message from Mars. It is estimated that twenty-two acres of land are necessary to sustain one man on fresh meat. The same space of land, if devoted to wheat culture, wonld feed forty-two people; if oats, eighty- eight; potatoes, Indian corn and rice, 176; and if to the plantain or breadtree, over 6,000 people. On the State railways in Germany the carriages are painted according to the colors of the tickets of their respective classes. First-class carriages are painted yellow, second-class green, and thi d-class white, A similar plan adopted in this country wovld prevent many of the accidents which are caused through passengers running up and down the platforms in search of a particular " class apartment. The daily water supply of London for August exceeded 196,980,028gals. A couple now living in Bermondsey were married the same day as the Queen, 56 years ago. A London cabman was fined for refusing to drive a lady unless his right fare waB exceeded. The jubilee of anaesthesia is to be celebrated, the first operation under ether taking place 50 years ago. A coal porter, fined for disorderly conduct, contended that bad language was second nature to men of his class. The Kaiser is building a gigantic cathedral in Berlin, the dome of which is to eclipse that of St. Peters at Rome. Auto-cars will be much en evidence in London when the Act comes into force. The latest novelty is a horseless hearse. President Kruger is allowed £300 a year for " finest" coffee, which is presented to each caller at the President's house. Mr. Webb Haywood, who was mayor of Rochester in 1846, has consented to serve again after an interval of 50 years. For our supply of ivory last year (13,220 tons) 42,300 elephan's were killed, a rate which will soon exterminate that animal. Princess Helene, of Montenegro, who will shortly arrive in Rome to marry the heir to the Italian throne, stands 6ft in height. The number of depositors in the London Post Office Savings Bank last year was 6,453,697, against 6,108,763 in the preceding year. A man was lined for poaching at Castle Eden, and under an. old Act fie was further fined for committing the offence on a Sunday. A magistrate told an ill-used husband that he could not have a separation, though one could be granted to the wife of a cruel husband. The German Astronomer Royal, in his official capacity, announces that the world will not come to an end before the present century is out. The medical profession are not well pleased •that the Queen, when finding it necessary to consult an oculist, should think it necessary to send for a German. The French Government will encourage the planting of fruit trees along the high roads, as being more beautiful and profitable than the ordinary poplar. The Prince of Wales has renewed the lease for Eennington Oval. There was a fear that this space, so valuable for building, might be lost to the cricket world. Female infanticide is said to be carried on with impunity in some parts of India, the birth of a girl still being regarded as a misfortune. About 250 female infants die to 100 males. Over 700 cats were on view at the Crystal Palace Cat Show, embracing all varieties and colors, including that very rare creature the tortoiseshell torn. The price set upon one cat was £500. A perfect flint instrument has been discovered in a gravel-pit at Braintree, and a local authority asserts that the relic is at least 50,000 years old, the pit being the bed of a pre-glacial river. An American professor professes to have discovered, from experiments made with animals, that aged people could be rejuvenated by splicing them like the Siamese Twins, to young and vigorous persons. Lord Aberdeen, Governor - General of Canada, has established friendly relations with the Indians of the Six Nations, and his courtesy pleased them so much that they made bim an Indian chief, giving him the name of Clear Sky. A syndicate is being formed to supply hot water in the streets of London on the pennyin-the-slot priuciple. The heat will be supplied by the street lamps, and a penny will secure a gallon of water. A ghost is supposed to haunt the village of Booking, in Essex. Several females when walking alone in the darkness are said to have been terribly alarmed to find a male ghost gliding noiselessly alongside them. A fearful monster of the deep, a king cuttle-fish, or octopus, became stranded recently on the Irish coast. Its arms, or tentacles, were thirty feet long, so that it had a grasp of seventy feet, sufficient to drag down a ship or strangle a whale. The most common name of babies in England and Scotland is Smith. The English Smiths are 1 in 72 of the infant population, the Scotch baby Smith is 1 in 70, but he has a rival in M'Donald, who claims about the same proportion. In Ireland, the Murphy baby is 1 in 75. Princess Louise, in celebration of her silver wedding, was presented by a Scotch regiment with a silver model of a Highland soldier. The Princess of Wales is to receive from Kirkwall a chair constructed of oak which for 350 years had formed a portion of St. Magnus's Cathedral. A gentleman in England is having a twostory hou«e constructed on wheels, to be propelled by a motor engine. He says that in the future it will be as easy to move a houBe as an omnibus. The house will be four-roomed, with a framework of steel tubes, and with a collapsible upper story to render it capable of passing under bridges. The blue coat worn by butchers originated from it being the color of a uniform of a guild; but its almost universal adoption by the trade is owing to the fact that blood shows less on that color than on any other. The saying, "True blue will never stain"—a really noble heart will not disgrace itself— has reference to the fact that blue will not show stains. A young Austrian officer became engaged to a young lady with a dowry of 1,000,000 florins. To settle with his creditors and make the marriage possible he insured his life for 300,000 florins and raised the needful money on the policy. The engagement was, however, broken off, whereupon the officer committed suicide, and the companies refuse to pay the holders of the policy on the ground that the deceased contemplated suicide when he insured his life. Last year there were 14,960 football clubs in England. The British have won 82 per cent, of the battles they have fought. Thirty and odd thousand ounces the total of the gold output for November. The gold yield of '9G is already 20,000ozs ahead of the twelvemonth's of '95. The passenger traffic on the P. & 0\. liners was never greater than during the past six months. The deepest running stream in the world is said to be the Niagara River just under the Suspension Bridge. A French autograph collector sayp the signature ot Christopher Columbus can always find a buyer at £800. The United States pursues its policy of reciprocity to the uttermost—even to refusing to admit German vessels as free tonnage. A Boston genius named E. D. Bigelow invented the first power looms for weaving ingrain carpets ; the date of its introduction into practical use was 1839. The jewels which were used to decorate the altar of the Virgin in the cathedral at Toledo, Spain, have been stolen. They are estimate J to be worth £12,000. Mr. Gladstone usually hau three books in reading at the same time, and changes from one to the other as he considers that his miud has reached the limit of its absorption. Having been ordered to pay the costs of the Egyptian campaign, Great Britain is prepared to spend another half-million in completing the work of subjugation already begun. Seaweed, though not the diet for an epicure, is, when dry, richer than oatmeal or Indian corn in nitrogenous constituents, and tabes rank among the most nutritious of vegetable foods. The Government geologist, Mr. A. Gibbs Maitland, will visit Kalgoorlie with Mr. Hector, Goldfields Water Supply engineer, when a site for a new diamond drill bore will be selected. Faraday could only torn the most delicate needle at first with his electrical current: yet to-day an electrical engine is hauling a train of 40 cars. One must not despise the day of small beginnings. President Faure and Alphonse Daudet are among the notable Frenchmen who have lately become teetollars. They have decided that drinking is incompatible with the hard work which brings success. In 1893 the American pension list amounted to £33,000,000 sterling. This list included some 6657 women, who claimed pensions as widows of soldiers who fell in the war of 1812—81 years ago. President Kruger read one of Mark Twain's Btories recently, and waB preatly tickled with the American humor. His library now consists of the Bible, Pilgrim's Progress," and a full set of Mark Twain's works. A farm of 283 acres in Lincolnshire, which at one time cost £17,000, was recently offered for sale, the highest bid being £4,450. Four years ago a bid of £7,450 was refused, there is a mortgage on the land of £12,000. The King of Portugal is fond of roaming about the streets of his capital unattended. " On one occasion," says a writer, " I saw him spring from his horse and pursue and capture a man who had fired a pistol at him." The Czar of Russia is said to have among his household an understudy singularly like him in appearance, who shows himself at the window of the railway carriages and the like when His Majesty does net wish to be disturbed. Noblemen in scores were created by Christopbe, a negro, who ruled as Emperor of Hayti from 1811 to 1820. Among the titles conferred were those of the Duke of Marmalade, the Count of Lemonade, and the Earl of Brandy. A curious new pavement has been invented of which the principal ineredient appears to be cork pressed into blocks, and it makes a delightfully silent and non-absorbent pavement, giving at the same time a fairly good foothold for horses. A Newcastle woman was injured by a large board which was blown down as she was passing. For the defence, it was contended that the March wind was an 41 act of God." The Judge said this defence was all nonsense, and gave the plaintiff damages. The condition of the public teachers in Spain is not to be envied. The payment of their salaries is almost always far in arrears, and a case came up the other day of a man who had not received a farthing from the Government for seventeen years. A lady, after alighting from a tram in a London suburb was found to be in flames. .Pedestrians pulled off their coat® and enveloped her, thuB extinguishing the flames, but not before she was much burned. It is thought that her dress came in contact with a cigar or match dropped by a smoker. It is estimated that twenty-two acres of land are necessary to sustain one man on fresh meat. The same space of land, if devoted to wheat-culture, would feed fortytwo people; if to oats, eighty-eight; potatoes, Indian corn and rice, 176; and if to the plantain or bread-tree, over 6,000 people. In a Berlin insane asylum is a patient whose hair changes color with her temperature. When she is cool and quiet her hair is light yellow, but when she is restless or excited it becomes auburn. In other words, she acts just like one of those little blue and pink litmus paper figures which are sold as barometers. The earrings of the Italian peasant women indicate to the initiated from which part of the country their wearers come. The farther south the women live the longer are their earrings, so that in the extreme south they nearly touch the shoulders, and in the far north they are quite short. The oldest and most curious herbarium in the world is the Egyptian museum at Cairo. It consists of crowns, garlands, wreaths and bouquets of flowers, all taken from the ancient tombs of Egypt, most of the examples being in excellent condition, and nearly all the flowers have been identified. Ttey cannot be less than 3000 yean old. Forty thousand destitute orphans is the legacy of the Armenian massacres. The Duke of Wellington was always known in Belgium as the Prince of Waterloo. One- third of the females of France over fourteen years of age are farm laborers. Writ large above the Golden Gate Butler will find—" All hope abandon ye who enter here." Proposals for arbitration in the Hamburg strike have come to nothing. The fight is more determined than ever. A medical paper estimates that £250,000 worth of medicine is annually distributed gratis at British dispensaries. The average cost in England of a policeman's clothing and accoutrements was £4 19B. 7d. in 1886 ; the cost is now about £5 5s. The Lord Mayors of London during the past twenty years have collected a little over £20,000,0u0 for charitable and benevolent purposes. An all round reduction of 25 p.c has been made in the salaries of the '' sick man's" soldiers. This reduces the payments to 25 p.c. less than nothing. Railway travelling is cheapest in Hungary. It is possible to go from Buda-l'estU toCronstadt, a distance of 500 miles, for 6s. 8d., being at the rate of 6 miles a penny. it will be news to many people that the elephanrs at the Zoo earn £800 a year, and that at the last Bank holiday 24,000 twopences were taken for rides on them. An old lady of Webster County, Ky., is the mother of 14 children, grandmother of 118, great-grandmother of 282, and greatgreat-grandmother of 19. Her age is 96. A New York florist was stung in tbe tongue by a small insect. The injury was so serious that a surgeon was compelled to cut the man's tongue out in order to save his life. The famous tight-rope walker, Blondin, never smokes. He regards tobacco as the enemy of the nerves. Though over seventy now, he still performs wonders on the rope. At the funeral of an unmarried woman in Brazil scarlet is the mourning hue. The coffin, the hearse, the trappings of the horses, and the livery of the driver must be scarlet. There are 30 palaces belonging to the Imperial family in various parts of Japan ; but the present emperor has never occupied more than three or four of them, and some of them he has never seen. The railway metals between London and Edinburgh (a distance of 400 miles) are 200yds longer in summer than they are in winter. This is owing to the expansion caused by the extra heat. Perhaps one of tbe very oldest monuments is the tablet in a Berkshire church in memory of a soldier who had his left leg taken off by the above ball," the actual cannon-ball being inserted at the top. In many cases where artificial respiration iB employed, a man apparently killed by electricity or lightning can be resuscitated. A man struck by lightning should be treated like one apparently drowned. A method of purifying water is in use in certain continental towns. It is to pass it through revolving vessels containing scraps of iron. The iron forms a gelatinous precipitate with the impurities—makes them settle. The five leading surnames, in order of numerical importance, of babies born in England and Wales are Smith, Jones, Williams, Taylor, and Davies. In Ireland the list reads Murphy, Kelly, Sullivan, Walsh, Smith. The latest invention to facilitate held operations is the typewriter bicycle. This consists of a typewriter mounted on a serviceable wheel, which can follow the movements of an army through an ordinary stretch of country. The Sultan ot Turkey no' only has a rigid censorship of the Press, but he has ordered that no newspapers be published until the afternoon, so that the censors will not have to forego their morning nap in order to supervise them. Half-a-dozen offers were made at the last of the England v. Australia matches for the ball which ended the game. It was in Abel's hands when the last wicket fell, and the famous cricketer has been offered as much as 10 guineas for it. The British authorities in India have been obliged to discontinue the bounties on dead snakes, because the natives went into the business of breeding the reptiles ou a large scale in order to secure the reward paid for their dead bodies. One of the oldest of actual specified diseases would probably be small-pox, which, on the authority of Masudi, attacked the African tribes who maie excursions into Arabia, and laid seige to Mecca in the latter half of the sixth century A.D. Many of the leading men of France have become teetotallers. The reason for this is, they claim they cannot attain the success in business they desire and drink. Among them are President Faure and his Cabinet, Alphonse Daudet and other writers. Don Carlos, the Spanish Pretender, is still handsome, but visibly older in face and manner. Those who know him say that he has now no thought of the Spanish or any other throne, aud that the subject of pretendership is distasteful to him. Donnellan, recently released with others who were convicted of being participants in tbe Mt. Rennie outrage, is possessed of considerable property devised to him by his relatives during his incarceration. He will be able in future to live in comfort. The Sultan of Turkey has purchased two manuscripts containing two epistles ascribed to Mohammed the JJophet. The Sultan paid £4000 for the epistles. Authorities pronounce the manuscripts as genuine, and their contents may have great influence on the Mohammedan world. Marchioness Li, wife of Li Hung Chang, is said to be very beautiful, and looks not more than thirty, although she is fifty. One thouand attendants and servants answer her beck and calL Her feet have been compressed until she is unable to walk more than a few yards at a time. All telegrams in China are sent in cipher As there are thousands of logograph or word signs, no telegraphic system could manage them. Code numbers are used instead. A seaweed of the South Pacific often grows to be thirty or forty inches in diameter, and 1500 to 2000 feet in length. It has no root in the proper sense, the nourishment being absorbed from the water. From a census return issued at Washington, it seems that there are 107,475 Chinese in the United States, of whom 72,472 are in California, 9540 in Oregon, 3260 in Washington, and 2935, the next largest number, in New York. The Parsees of India have a strange funeral custom. They expose their dead to the fowls of the air, on the Towers of Silence, at Bombay. It is their opinion that neither the earth nor the water should be desecrated by contact with a corpse. The mourning customs of the Arabian women are curious. For eight days they stain their hands and feet with indigo, and during that time drink no milk. They declare that the color of milk does not harmonise with their mental gloom. Perhaps the most splendidly decorated church in England it that of Whitley Court, Worcestershire. It is entirely constructed of white marble, the pews are chastely carved, and the pulpit is of genuine Carrara marble, richly panelled with precious stones. Only one of the thirteen trees planted on Washington Heights by Alexander Hamilton, more than a century ago. to commemorate the thirteen original States of the Union, is in a flourishing condition. All of the others are either dead or dying. Floating beds of seaweed, which are often met with in mid-ocean, have been observed to reduce the height of waves, like oil thrown upon the water. Taking advantage of this fact, a Frenchman has invented a thin cotton or silken ne-. to answer the same purpose. Some of the pavement in use on the streets of Vienna is composed of granulated cork mixed with asphalt and other cohesive Bubstances. It is compressed into blocks of convenient size. Its advantages are cleanliness, noiselessness, durability, and economy. Country roads in China are never bounded by fences, but are entirely undefined. While the farmer has a right to plough up any road passing tlirough his land, drivers of vehicles have an equal right—and they exercise it— to traverse any part of the country at large. In Paris, where pneumatic tyres have been introduced on some of the cabs, in consequcnce of the lessened shock to the vehicles the co9t of repair has been reduced 50 per cent., to Bay nothing of the saving to the nerves of passengers and the muscles of horses. It is said that an electric light plant in the West, which is not definitely located, is using flax straw successfully for fueL Tbe straw costs one dollar a ton, and two tons of it are said to be equi patent to one ton of the best coaL It can be burned in ordinary coal grates. Mr. Goscheu's handwriting is probably tbe •ery worst among living statesmen. He is very near-sighted, and once in the House of Gomons, having: picked up one of his own memoranda, and having vainly attempted to read it, he exclaimed testily : "A man who writes like that ought not to ba in the public service.'" Engravers in Germany harden their tools in sealing wax. The tool is heated to whiteness and plunged into the wax, withdrawn in an instant, and plunged in again, the process being repeated until tbe steel is too cold to enter the wax. The steel is said to become, after this process, almost as hard as a diamond. The oldest industry in Great Britain is still carried on at the viltage of Brandon, on the borders of Norfolk and Suffolk, and is in a flourishing condition. It is a manufactory of gun and tinder-box flints. There is no regular flint factory, but the work is done in the littte sheds, often at the baek of the townsfolk's cottages. The most curious use to which paper is to be put is that suggested by the recent patenting of a blotting paner towel. It is a new style of bath towel, consisting of a full suit of heavy blotting paper. A person upon stepping out of his morning tub .has only to array himself in one of these suits, and in a second be will be as dry as a bone. A French General has inaugurated a plan of permitting and even encouraging soldiers to sing when on the march, a privilege which has been strictly denied until recently. It has also beea arranged that any soldier who can play on any of the smaller musical instruments shall be provided with such instrument at the expense of the State. Germany is fast turning out its older generals, 32 having been forced to retire within a yeaT, which beats the record. The average age of a brigade commander is 53 years, to 57 in the French army, where the average age of all ranks is higher than in the German. No German brigadier is more than 56, while 30 French brigadiers are over 61. A peculiar freak is to be seen at Oldham, which takes the shape of a small pig that was born with a head resembling an elephant's. The ears, which are much larger than is usually the case, flap dovm over the cheeks; while a large cavity resembling an elephant's mouth, covered by a miniature trunk about four inches long, takes the place of a snout. Man is said to be the only creature that shaves. But this is not so. A South American bird called the "motrmot" actually begins shaving on arriving at maturity. Naturally adorned with lon& blue tail feathers, it is sot satisfied with them in their natural Btate, but with its beak nips off the web on each side for a space of about 2in., leaving a neat little oval tuft at tbe end of each. In the islands of New Britain a man must not speak to his mother- in-law. Not only is speech forbidden to this relative, but she most be avoided; and if by any chance the lady is met, the son-in-law must hide himself or cover his face. One of the English missionaries tried to get tbe natives' ideas of an oath, and he found the most solemn, assetvation among them was: " If I am not telling the truth I hope I may touch the hand of my mother-in-law." • 