A MYSTERY IN WHITE, j THE DETECTIVE'S STOPV. "It's not more than a year ago," sold tho veteran detective when asked for a story, "that 1 had the strangest experi ence of my career. That's saying some- thing. for, while I'm not one or these men in novels who can put on half a dozen dlngulRes In an evening or look at a little heap of cigar ashes and Identify the man who Brooked the clgur, I've seen a great deal that's way out of the common. ."An old gentleman named DcnzU called at my office one afternoon to em ploy my professional services. I knew him by reputation as a stern, grasping, money-making man who loved nothing but his possessions and Ills beautiful daughter. On her he had lavished wealth, but had saddened her life by preventing her marriage to a manly' young chap who was a fitting mutch for t her in appenrancc, attainments und dis position. He was fast making a record In the wortd of business, but it was'a rich old bachelor who had passed the .years of romance and enjoyment that, Denzll -hnd elected to have as a son-in- law. Even under the threat of disin heritance the girl would not yield to this mercenary arrangement, the result be ing a strained state of neutrality which, left both usplrants for her hand without any apparent hope of getting It. " My caller went direct to business. 'I'm a constant and heavy loser because of the theft of money and Jewels from my own house,' he told me. 'Things that are of the most value constantly any mysteriously disappear. Now don't start off with the usual questions about the servants, I have taken pains to test their honesty for years nnd they uro above suspicion. I am completely In the «<»n, whiiuui <«fiy iiicurics 10 ernuurruss : FPU for- any explanations to -help.' You' have' the whole Job without a ray of - light thrown upon It, 'and If ypii 'flnd'tho thief thcro will he no. hoggllng'Over'tho: fee. It will be worth much to'me tojjet this worry «ff my mind. Burgldrs thut make no noire or marks and lenve onb's houuo' shut up as tight as a drumiteo'd ' to shntter a man's nerves." "I wont at once Into the country', 'ii'rid neighborhood whore Denzll lived, 'prd-j tending to look for a hit of land'y/hero 1 uouid.bulld within easy reach of the l ®lty. I put up at a little roadside tnvem i much frequented In the evenlng'by farm i hunds. I was soon Interested In their gossip about a ghost which they declar ed had been man » .1— .V- —v.. uiituicui UIIWD. «um , iy different people. Their awed-' topes " ind scared faces fitted the subject;, and'- there seemed to bo some substantial oundatlon for the uncanny story. One Risky young fellow who did not look na hough he would bo easily frightened old of his encounter: " 'I wur a gittln' home kinder late of a stinday night, an' Jlst us ! klm to tb' vood» ayond ale Denzll's, j mighty near md a corllsslon with th' ghos'. It wnrn't 10 white cow or gray boss er sheep er lothln' else &a; war fiesh an' blood. It whizzed by me Jlst like It war flyln' low in' orful swlf on a broomstick. A feller's jot tor believe his own eyes, hain't ho? . war never soberer In my life an' never 10 skeered, 1 bet my footprints war twenty feet npart th' res' of the way . \\.me' ur ' thar pesky :hlng war a sallln' 'long Jlst ajlnd my :ont tails.' "I heard like experiences from several sthers, and In some way connocted .the 'ghost with the Denzll robberies.- For' two nightfl I stood a dreary watch In the u'oods < rofcrrcd to without making any discovery. The third night 1 received a shock/. It wn» intensely dark In- the shadows of tho trees, and aa T sat at the root of a big oak some white object gilded swiftly and nolselowfiy Just above the centre of the road. It made the cold chill run over me, though I have no pa- tlence with those who tell of visits . or communications with the depnrted. '| _ "f >'«« determined to enlighten myself and secured a good saddle horse as com- punlon of my vigils. Tho second night the ghost' Hew by nnd I galloped In Its wake at all the speed my horse could command. A mile ahead the ; 'appari tion' swerved to tho right ofUKer- and ended our mad race." Tylng-my horse In a fence corner I crept nearer." blowly I mutlu out that the.'ghnst', was a woman of stately proportions wearing nothing but dnlntly rallied night robe. She leaned for n brief time over the hol low stump that had been her evident destination and then turning mounted her flying machine, which was a modern' bicycle, and went scorching back over the course she had come. Again I followed and did not stop until T saw her disappear In the side door of the DenzU house. Hastening back to tho hollow slump I explored the Interior." And found tho stolen property, of (.uinse, interrupted a listener. "Not n Kign of It. 1 could discover nothing that did not naturally belong there. Falling to find the thief In the gh«?t,' I became a member of the Dcn zU household, ostensibly as his private secretary- My Jirst discovery ' was that the 'ghost' wosjlhc beautiful Miss Den- zll. She wfjjia somnambulist, and In utter IknoronceUrjtl.e weird night rides she had tttkfiniiBufwIien'told of them tho explanation was nn easy one,' When she and her young iover were children that hollow stump hnd been tlie pobI- office where their ardent missives wore mailed and called for. The memory of those days wan a delightful one to her und the strange mentor of her uncon scious notion prompted her visits to the old spot. .. , "My next Important discovery explain- ed I the mystery I was employed to solve. Watching secretly In the hallways, I saw olu Denzll, with eyes wide open and set, come out of his chamber, climb the stairs to the attic, unlock nn old desk stored there, open n secret drawer and deposit money as well as Jewels. His action showed me that his daughter's habit of moving about at night was un Inherited ono. Tho next morning he gave ine a terrific blowing up as n care less, incompetent and worthless detec tive who could not catch a thief when In the house with him. I was more In terested. In that charming daughter of his than In my case, and a scheme flashed Into my mind as If Inspired. V 'Mr Denzll,' I said, 'can you stand the shock of knowing that your , daugh ter is seriously threatened with the loss of her mind because of brobdlug over separation from the man whom you say she shall never marry, and that because of her.mental Infirmity she Is Innocerltly robbing you under a delusion that lit no other way can she provide for the fu ture happiness of herself, and that young chap she honestly thinks, poor girl, she Is going to marry?' " 'It s a He,' he roared, a, miserable plot. You're discharged.' I (lid not tulio Hiss Denzll into my plana. I secretly transferred all the Btolen wealth to tho old mump, had a trained officer 'on t-uard and then told! the old gentleman thnt I -could prove all ' I had said und Insisted on the right to ! vindicate myaclf. Ho and I watched at Uic primitive poet-olllee till his daughter :mn. and repeated the conduct' 1- havo ffcsBrlbod. Then we brought but the con cealed trenaures. Denzll was beside himself for fear he might act too late He sent post lumto for tho young iover' made a handsome settlement, Insisted on an Immediate wedding nnd had me as one of the guests. Did ever matchmaker uo a aucacr job than I did?"— "Ew Press," 