Lord Dufierin's Speech. In the course of a powerfull speech at Belfast on October 28, the Right H-Ion. the Marquis of Dufferin salid: Another sounrce of our unpopularity arises out of the, recent impulse to Sa rds colonial expansion, wlhiclh has lhad so sudden and curious a develop ument within the last few years. We,. as an island people, with a happily tee)nming population, were driven by the force of nature centuries ago to overflow in every d'ir.eetion, aand to occupy the desert places of a great portion of the globe. It is true a corresponding excess of population set on foo:t, though mluich. later, a great Teutonic emigration, for some years as gr;eat as that from Ireland itself; but Germany, for many a long day, was contejnit to see its wandering millions pass to the American con tinenit, where thley hlave proved such a valuable addition to the'm ntelligence and relmources of the United States. But, wlhen the fad for Afrtican acquisi tion became fashionable, Germany, very 'naturally, was anxious that the children who left her shores should remain within the jurisdict'ion of tlhe faitherland, and there i's no doubt that she, as well as France, has been )pro voked to finrd that the bela:ted birth of their colonial polmicy has restricted the field of their operations. As a result, it occasicnally happens tlhiat this or that Germnan or French' emi grant, in pursuit of some fanmcied tenritormial titbit in Africa: or elsenvrhere', suddenly finds himself confronted by an Englishman a.lready standing sentry over the parthl. The Briton may be gaunt, emnaciated, ancd broken down with fever and un.remunerativa toil, but Ihe looms in thie eyes of the nelw oomier like an obese dragon iwarding the garden of the Hespaerid'el, aud: the barren trlacts beyond him appear to blossolm with' Iccelf-grown fruits and flowers, that enihircle glraming hills of solid gold. Highly-coloureed ac counts of thlese experiences, on being transmitted to Europe by the indig unant explorer are naturally amplified and misrepresentdtd by th'e press,.aud are bitterly commellrted upon by what is known at Berlin and Paris as the Colonial Party, until thlre English really come to be iregarded by a large body of German and Frevech opinion as unjust depreddatonrs and intruders within the snored precinacts of wihat providence intended to be th?iet own private kitchen gardens, the fact of Germany herself having within. the last dozen years or Iso laid hlold' of more, than a million square mitles of territory to which she had no special right be ing_ etirely ignored, while France's acquisitions in various parnts of Afnica -in Algeria, Tunis, Senegal - her claim to the reversion' of 'he Congo State, and her recent annexation, of Madagascar, are equally paassed over in silence. But it is a vain thing to expect nations to be just or reasonable when their material interests aare at stake; and it would be both unwise and useless upon our part to reoitnminiate or to exhibit resentment ant the unfair dia,tribes to which I have refer-eid. Halrd wordls break no bones, and' thie authors of these very antificial com plaicts are perfectly conscious-thaet, if land-grabbing in Africa is a ciime, they and their countrymen are as guilty both in fact and intention as the rest of us. (Hear-, hear.) Nor must we take too seriously the ill natured oultbu'rss of the prespi in any country. The Panis press, for in stance, does not always represent Parisian, still less French, opinioni; ibut 'its several orgrales advocate the interests of th;is or that small political group or the individual views of some not very influential politician; .and in every continental country the press is much molre responsive to governmental anid other inspirations than out- owvn. In any event, in spite of this prevailing tone of angry and disingenuous de preci'ation, we maay console ourselves with the comfortable assurance: that Europe, however little she may like us, cannot help respecting us as stead fast, ttruth-loving, humane, and in domitable people; and When our de tractors affect to decant upon our lobs of 'prestige,' 'nobody knows better tlan themsaelves thlat tli.y are talking arrant nonsense. (Applause.) The Need of Defensive Sitaength. Now I come to i?the seconid conviction Wnhich has been borne in upon me du' ing my long contaiot w;ith the outside notrld, anid it is tha't, ain smi'te of Christianity and civiflsation-in spite of humanitarian plhilosophies, the triumphs of scienitific knmolddge; in sprite of 'the lessons of hlstory and the bitter expeiences of 'the molRe re cent past-force and not right; is still the dominant factor in 'human 'affairs; and that no nlation's inde'pencdence or posseseeions are safe for a moment un less she can guard them with her own right hand. Quiet, stay-at-home people in England who, as their fathelrs be fore them for so many geneautioos,have passed their unttroubled lives in. bliss ful ignorance of what invasion meIan, can scarcely bring themnselves to believe in the reality of the: ruthless ravages of war, in disaster and defeat raging through the land; wl;th its accomipaniments of disbanded armies, violated women and burning and plunden?ed towns. Yet these scenes have been enacted inot so long ago, within a few hundred miles from our own borders, and have extended over the greater part of Europe, for not only Fraance, but Denmark, Italy, Turkey, Poland, Bulgar~ia, Austrita, have each in turn been desesratedl by t~he red raTuin Of msn a bloody battle field. Noa'-thivd (hte Aiiieriodsi India., Ch'iJlsa, or Japal escaped thbse awful V'isttations. Aad the worst of it is th;iat tth(S mn;ost of !thl~ te1 njars have not bde t wars of right and wrong \--clearly deifined andi und:erstdod--but War:s of policy', of passion, of misty beterests, and olfecuni;L origins; and so dompletely has tlii: bee?l the rules thalt in nearly every instance thle, dxact 'u`ts.us belli' is still' a matter of ?inbi guity ;nd histolriab dislpu)te, and, in capuable of consignment by.,th'e puzzledt anna:li?its to any pire ise) ,formdtla,. Under these circunmstances, it would be madness upon our part to be minled' and deluded by that kind of amiable and benevolent optimism whichl always prevalilse amnong people who have no pearso?lal expemrienne of the real, hanrd,. cruel cendition S' of international existence, or not to maintain in full vigour, both. by sea and by land, the preparations necessary for our owa have more to 'risk, for we possess mora' than any other nation on the face of the carjt'h, ev.en: in spilte of oithbT Poweris, like ourselves, having recently. given hostages to fortune in the shape' of their new colonial estaiblishments. Moreover, though God foabid that tlhd invasion of our shores should e.ver acquire the character of an imminent dan ger, we should rnmembedr that the safeguard of the silver streak is an e ver-d:imiaiishing adevaantage.. In: fiarnner dtays the winds were: ais faith ful allies of Britain as hdr seas; but, their virtue hals been exorcised! byl steam, and prlobably there is not a Waa'r Office in Central Eq?rope whlich dods not possess the matured plans of Ciome clever stila:.egitst for a descent upon oufr coasts, either in the' shape of a serious attack or a formidable. diversion. TPhat both attempts would, ultimately fail I have no doubt, but tCh.at our weakniess should ever engage an enemy to enater taiin the idea. would' be in itself a. moit serious m'isfortune.: (H-lear, hea.r.) Abovo all things, it should be remembered thlat the posses sion of a sufficient ?trength to conm maend the respel.t of a nation's neigh bours doe's a. great deal moare tLan' guarantee a successful defence in: the c~ae of unprovoked attack; it a.lso dis counrages and preeventms a h'undred' ir ritating pirovocaitions, diplomatic col lsions, unjust pre'tensions, and imp?os hible demands. Arbitration, and C'onciliaition. But, though confessing that I have returned to England with less-, cheerful anaticipations than I could' have wilshed, thiere has recently dawned above! tihe horizon a. consolatory IdIea, which, In spitd of the difficulties which may impede its d evelopmenit, will, I trust, prove eventulally, if not a tremedy, at all events a mitigation of the risks of intelrnational sltrife-1 melac thlel notion of erecting the principle of arbitration into a permanent and abdd ing instrument of peace and concilia tron. (H'eal, hear.) As was sure to be they casel, it is in t·he boesom of the Anglo-Saxon race that this sug gestion ha.s geirmisnaited, thbnnks to wha.t I may call its preference for the rule of thumb. Tihe frame of minind prevalent amongst the Latin ,nations impels them, in spite! of all consid'eratione of prudence, to drive everything to its extreme and logical conclusions; but the spirit of com promise and of give-and-take is of the. very essence of our own daily life, of cur private as our political tr'ansac tions; and if anything practical in the d'irection I have indicated is to be alaborateki, I s'incepely tk'ust tbhb.t Amer'ica and, ourselves, may have the first honour of the invention. (Hear, hear.) And so pD edominating, would be thel general expansion of tsnad' evoked by the unclouded' prospect of a centulry of' such halcyon? days, that I am sure even my honoured host, the Load' Mayor of Be1lafllat, would, willingly forego the triumph. of build ing 'new i'roncdads in the happy pros pect of his" being able to add dozens of additional liners to, the maltchlesO fleet which ,he and his predecessors, whose names will ever 'remain, an honoured memory amongst us, have launched upon the bosom of the deep., (Applause.) It only remains for me to thank you for the patience withi whlich you have listened to me, I an afraid I havel given you a veiry uninteresting a,ddre's]s, and told you n:othing 'that you died not know before; but the fault lies with an, unbiddel? guest, a phantom present, who, unseen by aenyone, has been standing opposite me alil the time' with a wmrrnin.g and uplifted finger-the ghost-like present, mnent of Lord Salisbuery. (Laughter'.) You may, perhlsaps, wonde'r thalt the mielre shadow of his late: chief should; thurs overawe an emancipated am bassador, but such is the force of habit and the weakness of diplomatie nature. I remember, two or thltee years after I hiad left Eton, meeting Dr. Haiwtrey, the well-known hefad master in the st`eets of Paris. I shill never forget my dismay and! emblar ras'sment when' he stood uncovered at my approach. (Laughter.) The reco'l lect~ionl of the occasions when I' had stood uncovered before him, though in an opposite sense, so overcame me that I felt quite. incapable of returning his salutation. (Laughter.) You will now understand' why my opeei!h ihas been so dull. Moreover, anyone who comes back to his native country after a prolonged absence, i's bou'nd to spdalk with bated blreath in the presence of an audience with: whose intellectual antd political pulse he is scarcely acquainted, however assured he may be of the nwamth and' gener .csity of their hieartl?. All I can soy is that, if ever a servant of the Crown reiturned under happy auspices, to his ancient hoeme and his early surround ings, that consolation has fallen to the lot of him who, now thtanks you with all the force thhat gratitude and sincerity can command foir the unpre cedented warmth of the welcome you have a.ccorded him, and for this nevdr to be forgotten home-bringing. (Cheers.) Waiter (to proprletor)-"Just see this roast; it's all burnt up! I can't set that before a customer." Proprletor-"Serve it to 'that lady and centleman there. They are a 'bridal eouple--t.hey'll never blnoy tbhu difference." 