A valued contributor to oar columns points out that tbe current iBBue of tbe A gricidtural Gazette contains several allusionB to tbe eubjeot of an agricul tural college or experimental farm ae mooted b; tbe Gvandale and other branch boardB of the Council. Bat while be is glad to iind tbat farmers are awakening to the need of educa tion for their class be questions whether they arc going about it in the most judiciouB manner. In his opinion more use should be made of the Tech nical 6chools for techoioal instruction iu mining &ad; agricultural subjeots. The more agriculture is studied the more evident it becomes that every department of the industry is a science, and tbat when its laws are kaown and applied results will be secured aB cer tain aB any that attend the application of the laws of hvdraulios or of light and chemistry. Looking at the matter of education for farmers from this standpoint, it is doubtful if an exten sion of the technioal school system win1 meet the whole dificalfi?. There is 110 doubt that technical education ib an absolute necessity for the youth of this as well as every other country. It ie, however, questionable whether the system aB we have it in operation in thiB colony ie equal to the work of satisfactorily training up in the practice as well ss tbe theory of scientific agriculture those who will in the course of time succeed the present occupantB of the soil. The fact is that in order to gain tbe fullest advantages of a use of public money for educating londworkers iu the principles of their industry that clasB of the community must be divided into at least three groups : (1) Those who have hitherto made a more or less success of farming, but are now feeling the effects of competition with their contemporaries in countries where agri culture has for some years been carried on under more scientUlc methods ; (2) Young men who have taken to farming as a means of earning a livelihood, but whose early training was not directed with a view to their becoming farmer* ; with this class may also be included that large body of young men, the sons of those mentioned in group 1, who have drifted and are drifting into agriculture as tbe only source from which they can draw a living, aud who, from a lack of opportunity to acquire a mare extendea knowledge, pick up and follow with fatuous devotion the 'wrinkles' of their fathers and their neighbors ; (3) This group is composed of the boys whoee parents have decided to ' put them on the laBd' when they are old enough, and are meanwhile scndiDg them to school without, in the majority of cases, any regard for the subjects they are learning, tbat is as to whether what is being taught is calculated to be serviceable to the scholar when he enters npou the real work of hte life. It seems to be clour that any system of agricultural education to be entirely or even nearly satisfactory in Tasmauia muBt provide for these three or similar divisions of those now working and in tended to work the laud. And unless each group ie furnished with the mcanB of acquiring tbe special knowledge that will put its members on at least aB good a footing as the farmers of more advanced countries already stand upon there will be ' the objection so fre quently urged agHiust the Taemanian University,' aB our contributor points out, that it iB an expensive institution for a small community and ' calculated to benefit only a few.*' Neither an extension of tbe technical system »» r an agricultural college wrnM be uf much Bernce to the farmers whu fall under the classification of the first of thethreegroupsmentioned. Menwho have been farming for years are not likely to begin again and go in for oounes of study suoh bb the technical or college systems would require them to do. TbU is -the only division ^of4he^ agricultural community to which ^he sweeping statement that it Ss !- pre sumption to essay to educate- Mm ; farmers can be admitted to apply with any degree -jf truth. And there are very few farmers cf this otesB^who would readily say -that - tbef *^do foot want information. ^ The Buccese of the local boards of Agriculture and the in- , terest generally taken in the work .of the Council for Beveral years prove that tbe average farmer in this colony is ae intelligent as his contemporary elsewhere and as quick to perceive the value of sources of sound advice. For ; gronp 1 then it seems desirable . -to make tbe Department of Agriculture which it ie proposed to create by tbe bill just introduced to Parliament a vigor ous institution, with an active bretich' in each agricultural, paBtoral, or horti cultural centre. Tbe department abd its local auxiliaries would provide re liable means of reaching the farmer who feels that tbe technioal echool and the college would be of too primary a character for him, but who would ap preciate' and accept the reliable' in formation distributed by the oentral or local body. The technical echoq? system mi^ht well be extended ia meet the circumstances of the young farmers who class in gronp 2- They are not too old to be taught, and many of them would be glad of an opportunity Tor obtaining knowledge in the principles of their industry. These are tbe men who having had some years of practice in tbe existing modeB of farming might be expected to under stand the benefit of learning to do ; fey scientific method what they have hitherto done by rale of thumb, and will continue to do 60 unless they are given the chanbe to improve. As to group S an agricultural college seems to be absolutely necessary to pToperly I train boys who are intended for the | land. The absurdity of the idea that failures at. everything else will maka successful farmers has long been exposed. Every year the area of the earth's surfaee open to the exploitation of individuals is beoomiug less, and the problem is how to make the most out of the least possible space. We cannot expect the rising generation of agriculturists to grasp the situation and make a success of their industry unless they are given the education necessary to enable tbem to do it. To get our doctors, lawyers, and other professional men fully quali fied for their Work we have to build and endow and maintain at great cost colleges and universities and other expensive educational establishments where students are taught both theory and practice. What could be more mentally chaotic than the conditions under which a Tasmania^ boy is educated and set to farming to earn his living. His time at BCbool is filled up with learning tbe same subjects as the smart ygptb, the idol of his parents who imagine that som3 particular profession on whioh their mind is s?t will be iu complete until he becomes attached to it. His holidays are spent in more or less extravagant pleasure. When he takes np real work he finds that the time spent over the classics and many other subjects would have been more profitably employed if it had. been UBed to acquire even an elementary knowledge of *' agricultural . botany, chemistry, entomology and hygiene.' An agricultural college wonld do.what Way College is doing in South Aus tralia. It would educate a boy in tended for landwork in those subjects whioh are known to be essential for success in the industry. Instead of wasting some hours every day over useless subjects the boy would get regular practioe in agricultural, pas toral, and horticultural work as a por tion of the ordinary currioulum. He would be taught the theory and shown bow to apply it. On leaving tbe col lege to beoome a farmer on hiB own aocount he would be in possession of 'wrinkles' which under the rule of: tbnmb process wonld take him a life- j time to ' pick up.' He would be a scientific farmer, and science applied to agriculture is now-a-days synonymous; with success. In this colony wo have a University for those going into the professions, Technical Schools for the mechanics and miners, but for the backbone industry of the country, agriculture, we have not yet made any provision. It is time this reproach was removed. The spectacle of seven steamers leaving Australia every mouth for London carrying cargoes of produce is one calcalated to stir up the imaginations of Tasmanian farmers as to the possi bility of putting more land under cul tivation and shipping surplus produc tions away in a similar manner to that adopted by tbe mainland agriculturists. The Victorian Government regulates the carriage of butter to England, and recently invited tenders for the en suing season's work. The Aberdeen, Lund, and Port lines were successful, but as arrangement has now been , arrived at by which the P. and O. and the Orient mail 6t?amerB will enter the ? contract. The first three lines men- ! tionrd are to take 200 tons of batter per ; steamer during tbe season (tbat is to I say 600 tonB each month, and the mail | steamers will take tbe balance, as well : as one-fourth of the other produce, ' cheese, rabbits, meat, etc. Tht* agree- ; ment relieves the Government of having to side with one set of vessels as against the other, and leaveB its hands free to maintain and raise the ! quality of the produce shipped. ! ? ] Avstraliajh Mutual Pjzqvjdkkt So ciety.— Wc notice that a special meeting of the members of the A.M. P. Society bos been called for August 28, to contrfd'er erriuin suggested alterations and additions to the existing byeOaws, It will no doubl loin tbe recollcetion of members that a com mittee was at tbe Jsst annual meeting ap pointed to coDfer witb the head r.flice directors and with delegates from tlic local boards on this subject, and what is now bciog put before the members is the outcome of the deliberations of the gcntlemeu re* fcrred to. On most points the committee was unanimous, but on tbe question of giving authority to the board to extend the society's operations to Croat Britain th.xt was a divergence of opinion ; and, though there was a majority of the committee in favor of granting that, authority, the hoard itself was not nnanimonB on tbe pulj c:, and it has therefore been (bought advisable to abandon tho proposal for the prcaunt. Tho other suggested alterations, we under stand, will be rl*ced before tbr- luewbcri with the unanimous recommendation cf ihc dta-ctor*. Thf fitiftst Jams in To*™ ? v q ^IbACUCK AHS Oo.*S» Full Wdgul tins.* A ^Ghostly Komakoe. — The story tbat Launc eton .was . 'being pestered with a nigbtly vlrftatlon a ghbat . which 'suc- ceeded in frightening bcrvous young m- n and women of all ages lacks confirmation. There is 110 jilonbt, however, that someone in tbe bity Is endowed with an abnormal share of imBgination, for the stories. wbiohjiave been circulated during Saturday and yester* day would bave.done credit. to a brilliant romance-writer, ' The police bad no direct oomraunication from anyone who. had -ac- tually been scared by ibe ghost, and there* fore they were qulesoent as far as making any effort to endeavor to capture whoever was supposed to be playing a foolish aud dangerous prank. Jhe enquirers became so numerous and persistent tbat a ghost bsd been seen matquorading In dlfi.-rcnt locali ties, however, that jesterday members of the police force were detailed ho investigate tbe matter. They applied to soveral persons wbo were currently reported to have seen tbe apparition, but they each and all denied having seon anything more tangible than a] highly czoited brain might bave imagined, I One young fellow who actually bad been ac* | costca oy xne gnoet, ana . wno nea upon taking a hurried glanoe, sow asserts that it Is possible be may have taken fright at a peact-fully Inolined baker going to bis mid night labor, or it might have been a white horse, A lad was,itusaid,frigbtcnedafew nights ago by a man springing suddenly at him in Thistle-street, but the person who seared the boy was not in the least like anything .supernatural. It was further stated that the lad wae taken home by Oon* stable Newstead, but that is denied at the police station. As far as can be gathered from a variety of sources there is absolutely no truth in the rumor that any one is at* tempting to usurp the functions of members nf the spirit world, so that even tbe youngest children may rest assured they bave nothing to fear. j The Solioitoe-Geneeal.— The SolioHor- j General, Hon, Alfred Dobson, who has been ! on sis months' leave of absence, returned from tbe mainland by tbe Codgee on , Saturday afternoon. Ohabity Fete. — In addiUon to the items already announced for the fete whioh is to talce place on Wednesday afternoon and evening next a lawn tennis tournament will be held on the court at the Association Cricket Ground, and an open mile bicycle race which haB been arranged by tbe L.T.W., whose secretary, Mr P. Oolqubonn, will re ceive entries. In the evening, in conncction with tbe E.O.A- fconcert in the Albert Halt, some special limelight effects arc to be shown by Hr D. Bishop, and the gymnastic display by the Union Jack Clnb promises something out of tho run of amateur efforts, tableaux forming a prominent feature. Mas Reibey's Ftjnebal.— It should have been mentioned in tbe notice of the late Mrs Beibey's funeral tbat among the chief mourners present was Mr H. B. Damarcsq, M.H.A , wbo is one of the oldest friends of the family. Delo&aine; Defence Fobce —On Friday evening Sexgt.-Major Martini visited Delo raine and spent some time in drilling the squad of tbe Meander company of rifler. There were not as many as usual present. The following is the order in which the winners in class firing stood First, Sergt. Bock ; second, Captain Smith ; third, Lieut Smith ; fourth, Private 8. Wood berry J fifth, Private J. Oswin ; sixth, Private 8. Learoyd and W. Mitchell ; seventh, Private F. Owen ; eighth, 'Private Donovan. Second claes — First, Private Cameron; second, Private Cole; third, Private Wyatt; fourth, Corporal Winter; fifth, Private Davis; sixth, Private UleeBon ; seventh, Private M. Donovan, A handsome coach whip was also pre sented to Mr Will. Gilbert in recognition of his kindness during the past year in driving the men to various plac-8 when duty called. Mr Gilbert made a suitable reply. A Dibtbessino Case. — On Thursday last there was received at tbe Benevolent Asylum an old man named Offer, who had been severely burnt at Bt. Mary's. On arrival it was seen tbat flesh was dropping off him where injured. This seems to be an act of great cruelty in sending tbe poor old fellow such a journey whilst in such a state, and even if his removal bad been ncceesary he should have been taken to the nearest hospital. Oo Friday evening tbe man passed away in great agony. Sending such a case into Launeeston necessitated tbe Aeylum being unjustly burdened with the funeral expenses. Th:s is the eeoond case within the past month where men have been for warded from country districts -and died shortly after arrival. Public Works —The following tenders have bees accepted, Tbeamonntsof tenders tor road worke are approximate, being cal culated at schedule prices t—Boads, parish of Leith bridge. Jackson's road, contract M. M'Garry, £46 14s Id ; roads, parish of Garrett, road Jo James WelU&g;'s selection, oontract 6, J. Welling, £19; roads, Monto's Marsh district, road to W. 6. Hill's selec tion, contract 22, Cooper, jan., and Cooper, £19 6s lid; postmaster's residence and alu-rations to post and telegraph office, Zeehan, J, Wilson, £530, -which includes £15 for extta work if required; State school teacher's residence, Woodadale, re pairs, W. J, Andrews, £16 10t- Savings Ikvestment awd Building Society,— The annual meeting of members of this society will be held at the society 's office, Elisabeth-street, on Monday, August 8, at 8 80 o'clock, tor the purpose of electing officers and to reccive tbe report and state ment of accounts for the past year, NOBTn-WESTEKN AGBICtJLTUBAIi ASSO CIATION.— The annual meeting of the North-Western Agricultural Association will be held at Lucas* Hotel, Latrobe, to-day, at 3 o'clock. Band Contest,— A met ting of citiecns desirous of sending St. Joseph's Baud to represent Tasmania at the Intercolonial Band Contest in Sydney will be h' Id at the Town Hall to-night at 6 o'clock. The Mayor (Alderman M*Orackan) will preside. Tbilby. — The greatest difficulty tbe man , agement will have in connection with tbe Serformanceby Messrs. Palmer and Brady's few York Company, on Monday next, of the drama ' Trilby,' will be in accommo dating all those wbo are desirous of witness ing the play. After all the dress circle seats had been booked, and the announce ment was made thai stall seats might also be reserved at tbe higher pric s, there was a further rush for seats, with the r«.ftult that there are now only four rows of stalls lcf- unreserved. These will doubtless ail be 1 taken up within a day or two, and Messrs 1 Williamson and Musgrovc may then pro- : bably find it necessary to have an ' c-arlv door' for the pit, in order lo minimise the rush for that portion of the theatre on the night of tbe performance. In its criticism of the first performance in Mel bourne tbe Argut thus referred to the prin cipal characters : — Mies Crane's mental and physical qualifications for representing bo oomplcx a character as Trilby are quite ex- 1 ceptional. She looks the part to perfection, and she plays it with rare intelligence and : loslght. In itbe earlier scencs sbc ie all im pulse ; she is frank, joyous, trusting, care iess in every movement, passing from mood j to mood as rapidly as clouds chas - each other 1 over the face of a landscape. Under the in- 1 fluencc of Svengali she moves about like a somnambulist, witb a vague, far- cfi! look in ber eyes, an automatic action of her limbs, and a strange, mysterious wariness of aspect ; aud when she awakens from ber lone trance sbc makes you f«el how absolute Is the blank in her memory, and how natural the Incredulity with which she listens to the recital of ber career upon the stage. And the pathos and the tenderness of the closing scene of the last act constituted a touching S'quel to a very line piece of acting.' W. D. Peacock akd Co.'s lib Tins con tain ICoz delicious aud wholesome fresh made Oaslley Bros.. Oluirles-flt.. Bi ll ft. Presentation.— An illuminated address was txbibitud in Dfrapster'ti wiudow 00 Saturday. It was presented to Mr 1). Duff, wbo bas been the foreman carpenter at the railway workshops for the paet 24 years, by the men employed in the locomotive de partment, and it bears the signature of each. Thr- addr- ss bore testimony to the cstcr-m in which Mr Doff was held by his fellow workmen and associates. The artistic work on tbe address is well executed by a local artist, who gave a capital sketch of a loco motive at the head, a view of the wharf and river on one side, and a water-color of the Cataract Gorge on the other, Mr Duff left to tski: up bis residence in Victoria tf fort night ago, f.o thai the addreea will be for warded to him to-day. 