PUT-STREET CONGREGATIONAL. 'The Bey. E. Tremayne Dunstan, in the pre. Hence -of a crowded congregation, delivered his concluding lecture of the series on 'Modern Idolatry,' his subject being 'The Mania of Mus cularity, or the Worship of Athletics.' The text iras Deuteronomy' xiL, 13 and 14, ' Take heed to 'thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in ammo nlano tVio*. tllAU OPDR^ Vint. 1T1 thfi Ttla.r-A ?whiobvthe .Lord shall choose in one of the tribes.' In the course *-f his address the preacher remarked that Saint Megson, Saint Gregory, Saint Stan bury, and (in some circles) Saint Slavin were the proper patrons of Australia. He favored physical culture — a maa*sr body being 'the temple of the Holy Ghost.' Cricket and football irere good -when kept frea from professionalism, -which introduced the gambling element. Cycling and mountain climbing he considered specially healthful. He, however, deplored the allabsorb ing pursuit of athletics; He had made an analysis of the contents of two Sydney dailies on the previous Monday, and iound that, while one paper devoted seven and a half columns to eport and two tb~ theatres and concerts, only one column wasgiven to the services of the preceding day. The second paper gave nine columns to sport, while the space- dealing with the eloquence throughout the Churches of the city was one ? column. '? When he deplored this state of things he did not . speak in the name of 'boobyisin' or the . 'namby-pawby yonng man who spoke with a, snuffle,' but in the name of common sense. Matters had now reached such a pass that two lunatics (he could call them 4y no other name) were engaged in crawling across the American continent. In an eloquent peroration the preacher besought his hearers to remember that their lives were not given them onlj.f or -enjoyment. The most ter rible thing they would 'have to face on their deathbed would not be the fear of hell with its leaping flames ; /there' would be a hell far worse in their hearts, when the thought arose, 'My life was given me for the service of God and humanity, and! have done nothing !' 