Twinkling's. Show. Loan. Success. State advances. Angipeena case. National concert. . To live and to die. " Poor old Parkes." Uncle Tom's Cabin. The Jingoes cheer Dr. Jameson. Mr. Symon using the tar brush. Loan subscribed four times over. Sir Henry Parkes' star has sunk. The Premier replies to Mr. Symon. Big programme for St. Patrick's Day. Why the " Catholic " vote specially ? A ten-wicket win for South Australia. Mr. Davitt has arrived safely in Ireland. Mr. Gillen champions the village settle ments. Lord Bussell would make an ideal Irish leader. The Irish patriot's place of honor— the dock. Mr. Dillon was one of ParneU's earliest lieutenants. The new Irish leader comes from a patriotic stock. The Chartered Company's filibusters cheered in London. Uncle Tom's Cabin a great success at the Theatre Royal. Lord Wolseley recommends the Lee Metford magazine rifle. The ghost of Ireland's wrongs rises up in unexpected quarters. British capitalists not afraid to trust a " Socialistic " government. Bishop Alexander of Derry appointed Protestant Primate of Ireland. The district councils favor the Carrieton proposals for destroying rabbits. Sir Henry Parkes cannot keep his money, his wives, or his political princi ples. Obit.—Mr. Deasy, who was one of the Irish delegates who visited Australia in 1889. St. Patrick's Day celebration under the patronage of his Excellency and his Grace. • Mr. Davitt determined to do one man's part towards restoring unity to the Irish party. Two pounds for the Orphanage through Aunt Eily from a Southern Cross share holder. ' Lord RuSsell might secure justice for Iteland were he not Chief Justice of Enerland. The 40 members of Parliament in the Angipeena Syndicate compared to Ali Baba and the forty thieves. The maximum heat registered at the Adelaide Observatory on Wednesday was 136*4 in the sun and 76*2 in tlie shade. The Turks taunt Lord Salisbury with the English management of Ireland when he calls them to account about Armenia. " When you strive to get justice," said TimHealy, "the Tories call you agitators, and if you fight for it they call you rebels." The only relaxation Mr. Dillon had during the land league agitation was a few months' repose on Mr. Forster's plank bed. The public will have confidence that the State Advances Act will be admini stered on safe and judicious lines under the Board appointed. Mr. Tim Healy made a telling point in comparingthe grievances of theUitlanders, in the Transvaal, with the municipal disabilities in Ireland. Farmers will be able to obtain money now at a rate which will enable them to pay off principle and interest at less cost than interest alone previously. Uncle Tom's Cabin.—The All Star Company have made a decided hit at the Theatre Royal in " Uncle Tom's Cabin." The popular Blave story is well repre sented, and is drawing crowded houses. 