TOM SAWYER, DETECTIVE." Mark Twain's story in "Harper's Maga zine," bearing the title of "Tom Sawyer, Detective," is all too short. Began in the Aagu8t number, it finishes in September. Hack Finn, Tom's early chum, is narrator, and Mark Twain puts many quaint expres sions into his moath. The spelling is amasingly phonetic. As a sample of the bulk we qaote a passage in the September "Harper," describing the sight Tom and Huck get of a supposed ghost. They were near by when the diamond thief was set upon and killed by his mates, and when they afterwards see a figure in the likeness of the dead man walking about they conclude that it must be a ghost. Tom and Huck were out in the woods when— All Of a sudden I catched my breath and grabbed Tom's arm, and all my livers and lungs and things fell down into my legs. " There it is !" I says. We jumped back behind a buih, shivering, and Tom savs: *' Sh!—don't make a noise." It was setting on a log right in the edge of the little prairie, thinking. I tried to get Tom to come away, but he wouldn't, and I dasn't budge by my self. He said we mightn't ever get another chance 10 see one, and he was going to look his fill at this one if he died for it. So 1 looked too, though it gave me the fan tods to do it. Tom he had to talk, but he talked low. He says: " Poor J&ckey;, it's got all its things on, just as he said he would. Now you see what we wasn't cer tain about—its hair. It's not long, now, the way it was; it's got it cropped close to its head, the way he said he would. Buck, I never see anything look any more naturaler than what it does." " Nor I neither," 1 says; " I'd recognise it any wheres." " So would I. It looks perfectly solid and genuwyne, just the way it done before it died." So we kept a-gazing. Pretty soon Tom says: " Huck, there's something mighty curious about this one, don't you know ? It oughtn't to be going around in the daytime." "That's so, Tom—I never heard the like of it before." "No, sir, they don't ever dome out only at night —and then not till after twelve. There's something wrong about this one, now you mark my words. I don't believe it's got any right to be around in .the daytime. But don't it look natural! Jake was going to play deef and duuib here, so the neighbors wouldn't know his voice. Do you reckon it would do that if we was to boiler at it f " I/jrdy, Tom, don't talk 60! If you was to holler at it Pd die in my tracks." " Don't you worry, I ain't, going to holler at it. Look, Huok, it's a scratching its head—don't you seer "Well, what of itf*. " Why, thiB; What's the sense of it a-scratching its head? There ain't anything there to itch; its head is made out o? fog or something like that, and can't, itch. A fog can't itch J any fool knows that" "Well, then, if it don't itch and oan't itch, what in. the nation. is it'scratching, it for ? Ain't it just habit, don't you.reckon ?' , . "No, sir.ldon't. 1 ain't a bit satisfied about the way this one sots. I've a blame goo J notion it's a bogus one—I have, as sure as I'm a setting here. Because, It it— Huck!" *' Well, what the matter now ?' *' You can't sec the bushes through it!" " Why, Tom, it's so, sure ! It's as solid as a cow. I sort of begin to think— *' Huck, It's biting off a chaw of tobacker ! By George, thev don't chaw—they hain't got anything to chaw with, ffuck !" - '■ I'm a-lietening." • " It ain't a ghost at all. It's Jake'Dunlap his own self!" 