THE WAY TO BE SAVED. The following letter and article we take from the Catholic News, England:— " Sir—It is not for love of controversy, but that I may be corrected if I am in error, that I ask, what answer would you give to a poor wayfarer, seeking the way of divine truth, who proposed to you the question—' What must I do to be saved ?' " I think I am not presuming too much when I say this question claims a simple answer, brief and clear to the apprehen sion of those who are regarded as beyond the pale of the church, out of which there is no salvation. I am, dear sir, " Truly yours, " Robert Ktdd.' WHAT MUST I DO TO BE SAVED? To be saved we have to strive to know and to do the will of God, at least in so far, as not to act wilfully contrary to it in a matter of great importance. " Not every one that says to Me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the Kingdom of Heaven, but he that does the will of My Father, which is in Heaven." Matt., 7, 21. (See also Bom., 2, 13; Jas., 1, 22, &c.; Matt., 12, 50; Mark, 3,35; I. Jo., 2, 17; Matt., 19, 17; Jo., 14, 21; I. Jo., 2, 3-5; and other passages). how is god's will made known to us? 1\. By the voice of our conscience. Bom., 2, 15. 2\. By the ten commandments, which are the natural law embodied in the most simple, and yet most comprehensive code of positive legislation. (See Exod., 20, 1 17; Luke, 18, 20, &c.;) 3\. By Christ, the Son of God, Who came in our manhood to teach us the way of salvation. Acts, 4, 12; Matt., 18, 11; Jo., 1,17; Jo., 14, 6, Ac. HOW CAN WE KNOW WHAT CHEIST TAUGHT ? Christ said to "the eleven," His Apostles : —" Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned." Mark, 16,15, and 16. Matt. 28, 18-20.—"All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye, there fore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. ~ Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you; and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Amen." To Peter, in particular, Christ said " I say also unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, and whatsoever thou shall bind on earth shall be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shalt be loosed in Heaven." Matt., 16, 18-19, Luke, 22, 31 32—" Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat; but I have prayed for thee th it thy faith fail not, and when thou art eon verted strengthen thy brethren." John, 21, 16-17—" bYeds My lambs," ** Feed My sheep." Jesus also said to His disciples Jo., 20, 21-23—" As My Father hath sent Me, even so send I you." And when He had said this. He breathed on them, and said unto them:—" Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whobe sins ye remit they are re mitted unto them, and whose sins ye retain they are retained." Already before He had said to them, Matt., 18, 17 and 18—"If he (thy brother) neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican. Verily, I say unto you: Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in Heaven; and. whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in Heaven." Luke, 10, 16—"He that heareth you heareth Me ; and he that despises you despiseth Me; and he that despiseth Me, despiseth Him that sent Me." On the ground of these utterances of Our Blessed Lord the Catholics believe that Our Lord appointed tlie apostles with Blessed Peter at the head, and the successors of the apostles, with the successor of St. Peter as the visible, living, and organic bond of union, order, and discipline at their head, to teach men to believe and to do what He commanded. Some of the apostles and first disciples, besides preaching-, wrote what we call the books of the New Testament. The Catho lics look upon these writings, as also upon the canonical books of the Old Testament, as written under the influence of divine inspiration, and revere them as a sacred treasure-store of divine revelation. So do all non-Catho lic Christians, but the Catholics and non Catholics take a widely different view of the way in •which we obtain certainty about the true meaning of the sacred scriptures. HOW CAN WE HAVE CERTAINTY ABOUT THE MEANING OK THE BIBLE OE OF ANY PASS AGES OF THE BIBLE ? Four ways are possible. Which of them is it? 1\. Private Interpretation, i.e., that one has only earnestly to read the bible, and that one is sure to understand it correctly. By private interpretation we obtain no certainty, for (a) we have no assurance of such certainty in the bible. <b) Common experience' shows that written and printed passages may be, and often are, understood in different ways by different people, (c) Different people actually do see a quite different meaning in several of the most important passages of Holy Writ, e.g., Matt. 26, 26—"Take, eat, this is My Body." (See also Mark 14, 22; Luke 22, 19; I. Cor., 11, 24, and John 6, 51-69.) About 400,000,000 Christians, or more, over two-thirds of those who believe in Christ at all, take these words to mean that Christ really gives us His real flesh to eat in Holy Communion j others, over 100,000,000, think that these passages do not imply this meaningafc all. As Christ says, John 6, 54—" Verily, verily, I say unto yon, except you eat tile flesh of the son of man and drink His Blood, you have no life in you." it is of tHe utmost importance that we should know the true meaning with abso lute certainty. So it is of the utmost im portance that we should be perfectly cer tain about the true meaning of several other passages. What certainty can I have that the meaning I see in a passage is the true meaning because I take it to be so, when a hundred or several hundred millions of fellow-Christians, many of them very good, very sensible, very sincere, very charitable, very learned, are convinced that the passage has an altogether different mean ing? (d) St. Peter says (II. Peter, 3, 16) of the letters of St. Paul, that in them "are some things hard to be understood, which they that .are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction." If this is the case, ours would, indeed, be a hard and deplorable condition if Christ had pro vided no Kelp, no light, no guidance, for the use of the scriptures than our own " private interpretation." 2\. Private Inspiration, i.c, that we have to pray Ktunbly and sincerely for light, and that then the Spirit shows us the tine meaning of the scriptures, (a) There is no such promise or assurance in the scrip tures. (b) If this were so, every sincere Christian would be infallible, which is not the case, (c) The Holy Spirit could not teach some people one thing, others just the contrary—e.g., some, that Christ is received in the consecrated host, others that He is not received; both cannot be true. It is therefore perfectly certain that thousands iipon thousands have not been taught the true meaning of those passages "by the Holy Spirit, (d) What certainty could I have that I have been taUght the true meaning by the Holy Spirit? Is my prayer sufficiently sincere and humble ? Is it more sincere, earnest, and humble, than that of hundreds of my brethren and of good earnest, charitable people around me and in' other lands, who attach to those and other passages quite a different meaning than I do ? What cer tainty could I have ? 3\. THE TRADITIONAL ACCEPTATION OF A PASS AO E THROUGHOUT THE CHRISTIAN AGEB. (a) How could millions of poor, bard working, good, but uneducated people, find out what meaning a passage was under stood to have in different lands more than a thousand years ago!' (b) Often well educated people, especially the leading controversialists themselves, altogether disagree about the way a passage was understood in the early church. Then bow could poor, simple people obtain certainty on the matter? Are we then to think that Christ com manded His apostles to " teach all nations," " teaching them to observe all things " He had "commanded them" (Matt. 28, 20); are we to think that He meant what Ha said when He declared (Mark 16,16)—" Ho tliat believeth and is baptised shall be saved, bitt he that believeth not shall he damned," and yet that He left us without any possibility of knowing for certain what He has taught and commanded ? Is it possible to believe that Christ could have left us in such a cruel, such a hopeless, such a forlorn condition? Yet there is only one other way to obtain certainty about the meaning of the scriptures or of passages of the scripture. 4\. THE AUTHORITATIVE INTERPRETATION BV A COMPETENT LIVING AUTHORITY. No man can set himself up as such a teacher; nobody except Christ Himself and those Whom He sent and commissioned " as the Father had sent Him " (Jo. 20, 21) can appoint such teachers. Nobody except Christ can give such authority to men. He can do it. He, but He alone, can appoint teachers and can preserve them by His invisible grace from misleading those into error, who follow their teaching in obedi ence to Him. The Catholics believe that Christ has appointed such teachers, when He said to His apostles: "All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptis ing theni in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded you." (Matt. 28, 18, 20.) " He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved, but lie that believeth not sliall be damned." (Mark 16, 16), and when He said to Blessed Peter: " Thou art Peter, and ujion this rock I will build My Church;" "I will give unto thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven " (Matt. 16, IS, 19) ; " I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not . . . strengthen thy brethren" (Luke 22, 31-32); and " Feed My lambs," " Feed My sheep." (John 21, 15-17). To be saved we have, therefore, to try to keep the ten commandments, and to obey the voice of the conscience and of those whom Christ commissioned to " teach all nations all things whatsoever He com manded "—i.c., His Church. If we have committed sins, we have sin cerely to repent, and confessing them (Jas. o, 16, and 1. Jo. 1, 9), to ask forgiveness from those to whom Christ said: " Whose sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose sins ye retain, they are re tained." (Jo. 20, 23.) In case a man has no opportunity thus to confess his sins, they are forgiven hina, if he has a sincere intention to confess them, and is sorry for them because ha loves God. The sentence : " Out of the church there is no salvation" is very true and very mis leading. It is very true :—1. The Church of Christ embraces all those who are in His grace, His service, His friendship—that is, all those who have part in His salvation ; there is, therefore, no salvation outside it. 2\. As to the visible Church of Christ on earth: If Christ established a visible church here ou earth with a visible head, as he certainly did, it is His will that all men should belong to it, and it is, there fore, the bounden duty of everybody to belong to it. Those, therefore, who know that they are bound to belong to the "visible Church of Christ, but refuse to do so, act contrary to His will, live in sin, and if they continue in this sin and die outside His Church, they can have no part in His salvation. (See Matt. 7, 21.) 3\. Christ instituted His visible church on earth as an institution of salvation. An other institution of salvation He did not establish. Though He does not confine His graces to the visible ministration of His.visible Church, but gives graces to all, even to Pagans who never hoar of , Him or of His Church, still He made the ministration of His Church the one, regular,, the one appointed channel of His truth and (grace, and His visible Church exclusively the one and only institution of salvation. The sentence is, however, misleading. At first sight it might seem to imply that nobody can or will be saved who dies out side the communion of the visible Church of Christ. This is not so. All those, and only those, will be sa ved and enter heaven, who die without mortal, i.e., without very graye, conscious, wilful sin. Of those, therefore, who die outside the visible Church of Christ: 1\. Those are perfectly certain to he saved, who have been baptised, never com mitted a grave sin with full knowledge and consent, and, through no grievous fault or wilful neglect on their part, failed to come to a clear know ledge of their obligation to join the one true Church of Christ. 2\. Those also are perfectly certain to be saved, who remain and die outside the true church in good faith, and committed ever so many and great sins, but, not aware of the obligation we are under of confessing them, are sorrv for them because they love God. 3\. It is also certain that God will deal mercifully with all those, be they baptised Christians, Pagans, Jews, or Mohametans, who strive sincerely to do what is right .ac cording totheirconscience, and to live up to the light of grace given them, be it ever so little ; there is reason to hope that God, in His infinite goodness and wisdom, some how or other will give also to those the happiness to die in His grace, and so to obtain the eternal salvation, for the Son of God became man to bring " Peace to men of good will." (Luke 2, 14.) 