MADAM OF THE IVIES. BY ELIZABETH PHIPPS TRAIN, Author of " The Autobiography of a Professional Beauty,"-" A Social Highwayman," ic. CHAPTER XI.—{Continued.) He paused, frowning heavily. Then, in a lighter tone, he-said— "What an' insufferably egotistical bore you mast think me! I have done now, however. Thank yon for your attention. How is the hand to-day?" Although Mr. Chester's speech had been delivered in-a cold, matter-of-fact voice, obviously free from any purpose of arousing my sympathy' through rhetorical effect, and with a manner as unemotional and impersonal as if he had been stating the case of a wholly indifferent person, yet fcis recital had stirred me profoundly. ' Nothing in life seems to me so cruel or inexcusable as the withholding or wi thdrawing of a mothers love from her child. And to think that my dear lady—she who had seemed to me a weUspring of all virtue and goodness, should have been guilty of this grave and heinous offence! I was shocked and pained beyond measure. The strange and hitherto inexplicable quality of her-regard for her son' became now clearly defined; Thas constraint, that timidity, that deprecating tentativeness, which resembled nothing so much as the first bashful advances of a timorous lover, now bore plain significance to me. • O unhappy mother, to have so causelessly alienated the love of the only being of natural affection -that Destiny had left to your old age! O sadly-entreated son, with all that wealth of native tenderness which even now, after long'years of cold disregard, shows its vein of rich'ore through the enforced evenness of your speech, -thrown back, like worthless dross, upon-your outraged heart! I tried-to make some suitable reply, but I found it difficult to command my voioe. A pathetic• vision of- that lonely boyhood and loveless youth rose painfully, before me. My heart'ached for thechild who had become the man that stood before me, and all I could say, as I-rose and held- out my hand to him, were simple words with which Z might have comforted the child. " lam'so• sorry for you," I said, stupidly. But I fanoy my -words conveyed more than I imagined, for- bis fingers closed quite gratefully ^ver mine, whilelns face flushed and his eyes brightened. " Oh, I 3idn't mean to cry-baby," he said lightly. -" I only wanted you to appreciate iJie situation—that is all. Now, my mother is waiting '-for you. • By the way, you will find Spencer with her." "There was a sort of questioning penetration in the look that accompanied his last remark. "Yes," I replied; "I-saw him come." " His presence here is welcome to you? There' has been a reconciliation, you know. You are glad of it? : ' • '"Very glad," I returned emphatically. His look grew even more questioning. WeH, he is a'-good fellow, David Spencer. I also am glad to have him about the house again. - Send him down to me when you go up, willyou?" I assented, and left the room. I felt that it was just as well to leave that veiled inference, which both his look and manner had implied, uncontiraldicted. Darracott Chester was a married man'; his wife was in the house, but a few rooms-distant from ns; what necessity; was' there" for another woman to set him right concerning her love affairs? ' It was a very great pleasure to see the entente cordiale which had been established between my dear lady and the good friend to whom," though I could not marry him, I was yet strongly attached. As I entered the room they were sitting on either side the fire, and Madam's face, though it bore traoes of recent storm'and stress, had yet a glad, joyful look upon it. Dr. Spencer rose, and she stretched out her hand to me. " It is you, Dorothy," she said. "One of my boys has come back to me " _ There was a pathetic little break in her voice, but she immediately/conquered it. "It isah&ppinese.I; had scarcely dared hope for. Come and welcome his return, my dear." A little later, after we had had our tea, and David Spencer had left us, Madam bade me draw, a chair quite close to her, and then, with what was very obviously a strong effort to overcome a powerful reluctance, she began to relate to me the, sad tragedy of The Ivies. I give it in her own words. , " JJorothy, my child," she said, breaking an interval -of silence, which she had perhaps epept in trying to embolden a reluctant spirit to face, the ghost of bygone events, " if the love and- gratitude I feel' for you were to be subjected to a great proof none could be selected more distressing to me than this which I have voluntarily imposed upon myBelf. I am going to rehearse to. you pages from one of the saddest records ever written in the heart of a mother, and I cannot 'perform the task without exposing, the' fact that I myself am largely responsible for the causes .that render the history so tragic a one. My child, I have failed^ wholly and unpardonably in the noblest mission that God vouchsafes to us women—the mission of motherhood.- Two opportunities have been afforded me of. manifesting my fitness for the divine vocation, and. both nave I wasted, one through lack- and the other through excess of ardour. Oh, it is a sad confession for a woman to make, thiB—that she has been unappreciative of God- given occasions! It is no less sad for her to be forced to acknowledge that she has taken idolatrous advantage of them." She sighed heavily and paused an instant, then, in a firmer tone ^continued:— "I must begin far back in the past, at the period of my first marriage. My dear, have yon ever, watching in the early dawn, seen the sun rise' slowly above the horizon in. great splendour, which promised marvellous things for the new < day, .and scarcely before its full $lory was developed, have you watched it pass into a 'dark and gloomy cloud that eclipsed its false prophecy, and made of the span of time that -followed its course a dark and dreary interval, hopeful of recovered brightness only in extinction? Such a transition as that. Dorothy, is typical of my life. "I was,an only child, with every talent cultivated by parents who idolised me to its utmost extent. I was considered to have more than average, personal endowments, and was > petted "and "indulged as the only children of \ the wealthy _are \ront to be. No suspicion of trouble or disappointment overshadowed my girlhood,. and I was -even so fortunate as to love passionately the man whom my father selected for my husband. I was married to Frederic Chester on my nineteenth birthday, and as hisparents were then living here he had theStone Hpuae redecorated and refittedf orour temDorary use. The place bad always been the abode of misfortune no tenant had ever occupied it .without experiencing some terrible sorrow or calamity while living beneath its roof. ' This I did not learn until later, though much about the house affected me unpleasantly at first sight. But in the flush and assurance of perfect happiness I was contemptuous of belief that' trouble could touch me. And, for a time, it seemed indeed as if I wore an amulet gainst misfortune.. Perhaps the_ great joy of that year was enough for one lifetime^ JIv husband and I knew no discord; no jarring of tastes and sympathies marred our happiness. We -.had • ample wealth, health, and love— .what more oould we desire? "On-the'first anniversary of our wedding day the blow fell. I was then not strong enough to accompany my husband in hi daily tides; - but, knowing how much he enjoyed them, -1 -insisted that he should continue - them without me. On that day' 'he ' had ' set off - as usual, and, as the- -time -for- his return drew near, I went oqt upon the balcony to watch •for and welcome him. I was standing there on the outlook-when I discovered him coming, not. up our own drive, but up the poplar 'avenue. As he perceived me, he stopped to "call out that he had a message for his mother, hut would-come back immediately. I nodded, and crying-' Av. revoir!' he rose in his saddle 'to' throw -'me a kiss, when- suddenly Frank- -lin'a two little children, who had been playing behind the' poplars, rushed across the road : just - in front of the horse. Their light fluttering dresses frightened the nervous animal, who plunged wildly, and before my •husbandj taken thus at a disadvantage, could regain his mastery of the terrified creature, it had backed "to the edge of t he avenue, where, rearing madly on its hind legs, it lost hold of the crumbling earth, and I helpless to aid, saw both horse-and rider fall heavily oter the •dap"'. ! ; ' ' - 'Here recollection became too strong for even her self-mastery, and she stopped her recital and covered her face with her hand, as if to shut out' the painful scene which memory vividly reproduced before her mental vision. I 'dared not speak. - It seemed as if words of mere human sympathy, heartfelt as they might be, would seem like a casual interruption of sacted reading. Therefore I held my peace, and after a little she regained her composure and proceeded.; . • (To be continued To-morrow.) MARRIED LIFE. Tell us not in spoony verses Married lire is all a dream; He who oft his joy rehearses Ain't so glad as h may seem. Heads of all bald men t remind us We should choose our wives with care. Or departing, leave behind us Half oar natural crop of hair. -That's all very'well: but the Bald-headed Species may be as often found unmarried as married, and if the'cause of Baldness is induced by Hard Graft, Deep Thinking, Mental Anxieties, or the worries of this life, we strongl.v.advise the constant daily consumption of ' CHARLICK BROS.' PURE BLENDED TEAS; sold at 1/3, 1/6, and 1.3 per lb. You will find it- a great soother, and may help to -keep " the hair on." All GROCERIES FIRST CLASS, and at cheapest rates. Read December Price-list. NS44c 