IEOENT piilCATIONS. :-- _ ? -^'-'. ? ROM Mesrs. Ward, lack, -a,. i^A-^Ji and Bowden we. have ie ^^^2) ceiyed the four novels which jSKf 'are just about to be men ^fUrca tioned. They have been for &p;'-^3j- warded through Messna. An f ffiW ? gus and Robertson. 5q| 'The Vanished Emperor,' ^ -^'8 by-- Percy Adreae is a*story rJ J in which there is a curious i ? association of fact and fic [I tion, ♦the august personage \ whose disappearance consti lX tutee the. main interest of ^ '- the narra'tive being fiasily ' Identified with a contempor ary European Sovereign. Indeed, a number of other figures of men and women, of the time are ' introduced under very transparent disguises. The lines followed by the writer are to a great extent a depar ture from the conventional track, and are associated with much that is calculated to exeite a very lively amount of interest. The work may be g3nerally described as a (historical romance brought up to date. 'A Humble Enterprise,' by Ada Cambridge, which, inasmuch as it belongs to the «gTrn- series (Colonial Library), may be spoken of as a companion volume to 'The Vanished Emperor,' deals with very different scenes and very different characters. In fact, the people with whom it makes us acquainted are supposed to have had their experiences no farther away than Melbourne. It is purely a story of do mestic life, the struggle of a widow and her daughteis to -maini-qin themselves after the sudden, death of the father of the family. In t.hi« laudable, if 'Suimble enterprise,' they are successful, and a happy mar riage far the eligible daughter of the self- reliant household is among the final rewards of merit which are bestowed in that direction. There is not, it may be noted, any distinctive Australian flavor in the book. With respect to the incidents which itake place and the figures represented, an Rng^gh setting might have, served: just as well as an Australian one. But the interest, though never of an exciting kind, and in volving nothing in the nature of problems, is very well sustained. ' 'Rust of Gold,' by Francis Prevost, is a collec tion of short tales republisaed from 'Temple Bar,' and from 'Black and White.' They exhibit some graphic touches in the way of description, and not a little of the dramatic faculty, together with a good deal of imaginative force. The latter quality is, per haps most conspicuous in a narrative entitled 'A Ghost of the Sea.' For the fourth volume of this little batch Francis Prevost is responsible; too. It is entitled 'On the Verge,' and is also made up of stories — there are six of them — none of which is long, and all of which has more or less of what have been already alluded to as the distinctive characteristics of the author. - Two remarkable additions have recently been made to the 'New Irish Library,' that excellent little series illustrative of ixisn nisiory ana-uiuBT raphy which was started a few years ago, under the distinguished editorship of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy. These are 'Owen Roe O'Neill,' by J. F. Taylor, Q.C.; and 'A Short Life of Thomas Da vis,' by Duffy himself. It is a somewhat remarkable fact, though not one particularly creditable to Irish reverence for the great men of the country, that this is the first separate biography of Owen Roe O'Neill which has seen the light. He was undoubtedly one of the ablest generals of the native race, and ac complished with very imperfect means what are to be considered as among the most extraordinary military achievements of his age. While serving on the Continent in the Spanish Army his defence of Arras against the combined efforts of two French marshals directing a besieging force of relatively tremendous strength, won for him a reputation of the most brilliant kind. When he returned to Ireland after the famous rising of 1641 to throw in his lot with his countrymen, the mere presence of a commander with such' a record as his must have had a wonderfully stimulating effect. There is plenty of evidence that it actually had. Under Owen Roe O'Neill's direction the Ulster clans which had taken up arms rapidly acquired discipline. What formidable in struments of war - they became in his hands was shown in memorable fashion by their dpfeat at Benburb of a well-equipped and numeri cally superior Scottish and English army, -com-, manded by General Munroe, a veteran who had learned his trade in the campaigns of the Royal Swedish warrior, Gustavus Adolphus. Owen Roe O'Neill gave proof of such exceptional skill, of such a combination of daring and foresight', as to have rendered it not at all improbable that if he had lived Cromwell's conquest of Ireland might have been by no means such a comparative walk . over as it proved. It is not merely national van ity which has impressed the countrymen of 'the victor of Benburb' with the idea that in military qualities he would, in all likelihood, have been a much better match for Cromwell than any other leader who had ever measured himself with the parliamentary general. Theinaterial for a life of Owen Roe O'Neill which would re veal to such an extent ' as could be desired, the personality of the man, is not abundant. It is rather from the actions which he accomplished than from any particulars ascertainable with respect to the individual that his merits are to be gauged, and the influence which he exercised . adequately understood. There is no picture of Owen Roe O'Neill known to 'exist. But from such sources as are available, Mr. J. F. Taylor seems to have drawn with due diligence, with the result that he has managed to produce at least an intel ligible and consistent sketch of the man and of his time. The 'Short Life of Thomas Davis' is the re production in a. more condensed form of that a'dondrable biography of his early friend and col league which Sir Charles Gavan Duffy published about five 'years ago. There is something very ?touching on the fidelity with which tihe memory of Davis has .been cherished for more than half a century by the anan- who of all his contemporaries was best acquainted with his character. TJianks to the loving care -with wMch every trait in it has been elucidated by Sir Gavan Quffy, there is little fear that it wiM ever -be misunderstood in after days. Speaking mow witfli the experience of a long lifetime, amd after a wide acquaintance -mth gifted people of all sorts, he expresses the opinion that Thomas Davis was the most notable Irishman whom bis generation produced. He was,, his 'biograplier observes, tihe finst Protestant Irieh-: aiiatt since -the days of Tome amd Emmett,,,wJio taught tie 'broad doctrine that Irish, patriotism should recognise no dividing lines in ? respect of religious creeds. But perhaps there is no strong er testimony to the genuine worth , of Thomas Davis than tihe fact that in ibis lifetime he was admired and loved by men whose political views rwer« as opposite as the poles from his own. Apart from 3sis many other claims to remem brance, the caerits of Davis as a national poet entitle him to an honored place. As far as the outside -wonld is concerned, indeed, the touches »* genuine poetic fire which are recognisable in his Irish ballads constitute this best title to celebrity. One of the most popular volumes of the series .in which the two bo«ks just noticed are included is 'The Irish Song Book,' with original Irish airs, edited with an introduction and notes by Al fred Perceval Graves. In the order of publica tion it preceded 'Owen Roe O'Neill' and 'Tho- mas Davis.' It has passed to a: second edition, and doubtless will attain many future honors of a similar kind. The editor is himself known as a writer of Irish songs which have acquired con siderable vogue,- but he certainly has . displayed excellent judgment in the selections which he has made- from the .productions of -other Irish ly rists, ana a preface to the collection gives further assurance of his perfect competence for the task with which he was entrusted. But indeed ^his performance speaks. for itself in a way which is sufficiently conclusive. He has chosen with an impartial hand from effusions representing very different ideas in connection with Irish matters, and following the example set long ago by Sir C. G. Duffy, has found a-place for some of the most cha racteristic of Orange ballads,- side by side with others of an intensely national hue.. There are many of Moore's melodies, in the volume, - and Davis, CaUanan, Ferguson, -Furlong, Walsh, I Griffin, vahd: other well-known names are associat ed with the contents of the colection. The anony mous selections are by no means the least interes ting, as they comprise a number of 'JLyiJc cries/' to which something of a historic value attaches.. Each song is accompanied by .the air. The pur chasers -of the .;little. volume - niost :decidedly have', a cheap shilling's worth, a- remark which will \- apply also to most of the companion volumes.' The publisher is Fisher Unwin. ;V .'...-..':-. ? . ? . ? :1 , *^!me G^hmburg : Principle, or -Drink -Traffic Be-' tdrmZ' by Bev. John Bailees, M. A.,' iriftn^. n.SJ W., George' Robertson anfl Company, .Sydney, &c.;, 1896.—' This is :a -rery Jearaest and well argued plea for^he {adoption Soffit- Jsysteni 'M jState control -:£t the drink ? *nafBc.;:;HHI»tet-,--of Gothenburg/ as Mr. Buigesa re Tinaik%. Seed - not necessarily be follo^jpSHinV New South „' Wales; ..nor' 3ne^ , -iaijrj sanularf. ' sj^^i iiecom mended J;elsewh6re,;:tee&lfl;:tb*^he *xacjt r^«tent Jto which it w^uld be Bititable to the conditions existing here. , The Scandinavian principle is, however, in ita.main points, the one which he considers most applicable to them.' From this it. will be under stood that the State -control advocated by Mr. fiur gc&3 ;s«h indirect one, ana tiuutlie wishes to feee Ihe drink traffic In Mew South Weiee, as In Norway 'end Sweden, -JegulaUd «&tirelr; by a company which Would virtually derive lie authority from, and ;I^e responsible .to .the Government, but which at iae eame time would be; in no way associated with pofi iticai influence. The licensing benches, Mr. Burgas says, could be empowered to grant licences to such si company, and in that connection the principle of local option could be brought into fuller play. What BvJerLmay- be /thought of Mr. Burgess's particular views as -to die remedy, toe abuses to which his pamphlet calls attention, must be admitted on all bands to be 'very serious ones, indeed. ? We have received from Messrs. George Robertson and, Company 'PubMc School Drawing Copies for Infant Classes,' by F. W. Wodhouse (supeiintaadaat of drawing, Department of Public Instruction, N.S.W.). TJiey contain six sheets of original de signs, -which are well adapted for teaching the -Tifnnf idea how to shoot in the artistic way. ? Messrs. Angus and Robertson have in the press, and will soon publish, a work which should prove generally interesting. in connection with the name of ttiat veteran statesman whom Australia has re cently lost. ? This is 'An Emigrant's Home Let ters, by Henry Parkes,' with preface by Sir Hen ry's daughter, Miss Annie T. Parkes. They Were written to his sister, the earlier ones in the col lection,' a little while before he left England for this country. The remaining letters tell of his experiences during, the first few years which he spent in the land where so distinguished a future awaited, him. The fact that these communica tions were never intended for any other eyes than those of near relatives of the writer, and that con sequently they must convey a truer idea of him than is likely to be furnished by more formal compositions of his, very naturally lends them an additional interest. In the 'Review of Reviews' for July the char actea; sketch deais with M. Zola. Tihe popiuilar ?French romancer's (picture, whidh accompanies the article, exhibits ihiirn in jhis working costume, and gives tihe idea of a very solid and eubstantial Obokinig figure. Under «he heading o!f 'The Reign of the Wheel an Australia' there is an article recording the progress of bicycling in New South Wales, by Mr. D. J. Quinn, a journalist of Syd ney; wtole Mr. G. E. Lamgridge, editor of 'The ,Tasmaniaai Mail,' tells of the cultivation of tihe same pastime in the 'tight little island.' Watts— 'I agree with the Shah of Persia in re gard to horse races. You know he said he took no interest in racing, because he already knew that one horse could run ' faster than another.'.' Potts— ''Of course one knows that one horse can run faster. than another, but you never know whe ther he will be allowed to do so. That's where the excitement comes in.' — 'Indianapolis Jour nal.' ? 