Among Our Moighbors A SINGULAR DEATH. a — : Choked by a Piece of Meat. The Rappiport Scandals. — An Unhappy Conclusion. \+ _ A GHOST ! » .. Had to Face the Court. SOLICITOR IN TROUBLE. -y Selling Indecent Pictures. Stringent Remarks. Bx Electric Telegraph.1 Sxdnex, This Day. After a four days' bearing, Mr Rus sell, solicitor, charged with riotous be- havoir in Gastlereagh street, was yes terday fined 20s, with £3 3s costs. Mr F. H. Green, a stockbroker, who pleaded guilty yesterday to selling obscene pictures, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. The judge said that if the Act allowed it, he would be inclined to order a flogging. An investigation into the charges made by Mr Yarney Partes, into the administration of the "Works Depart ment, was commenced yesterday. Judge Murray stated he intended to adhere to his decision with regard to the exclusion of the press. The Full Court yesterday postponed, uutil Monday, the case against Denis Meagher, who has been called upon to show . cause why he should not be struck off the rolls, rs a solicitor, for his alleged connection with the Dean conspiracy. . An elderly man, Alexander Findlay, was found in his bed yesterday morn ing, at .his lodgings, at Surrey Hills, with his throat cut.. He is supposed to have attempted to commit suicide. His recovery is doubtful. £ Melbourne, This Day .f The Rev George Daniel, a well- known Wesleyan Minister, was found dead yesterday in a railway .carriage at North Preston. The deceas'ed was 72 years of age, and was prominently connected with the Mission work in the South Seas for 50 years.. He was also ex-President of the Wesleyan Conference. He leaves a widow and two sons and a daughter. The post mortem examination showed death to have been due to suffocation, a piece of meat being found stuck in the de ceased's throat. The Attorney-General, Mr Isaacs, has been interviewed on the subject of the collapse of the trial of Messrs Rappiport and Baxter, Justices of the Peace, for conspiracy. He said he re gretted the matter was not concluded in a more definite manner, both for the. sake of the defendants and the public generally. Having looked into ' the matter carefully,' he was perfectly satisfied that no blame was attached to any of the gentlemen conducting the case for the Crown. Tho Chief Jus tice had held that Mr and Mrs Boulter, the principal witnesses, were persons charged with an offence within the meaning of the Crimes Act, and he thought, therefore, that before they could be called as witnesses their con sent was necessary. It was with the utmost diffidence that he ventured to express the opinion that the meaning given by his Honor to the section 'was given uuder a misapprehension. His own opinion was confirmed by the two Crown Prosecutors and others. Un fortunately there existed no means, so far as he was aware of, of hating the decision reviewed. Charles Kealley, an elderly married man, and station master atHawsbnrn, was knocked down and killed by a goods train yesterday. The "West Australian Government have purchased the Victorian gunboat Albert for £6500. She will be used for survey work. Adelaide, This Day. At the Police Court yesterday, a man, A. T. Rudd, was charged with un lawfully disguising .himself with a piece of white cloth, and was, there fore, deemed to be idle and disorderly, on the night of May 6. The circum stances were these : Thomas Medal, was on his way home, when he noticed a -figure in white emerge from the Wesleyau Cemetery, and as it ap- proched him he heard it say, " Thomas Medal, I claim you !" He answered, " Take me, then !" and struck it with a stick Avhich he had with him. The " ghost " closed with him, and in the scuffle, the sheet became disarranged, and Medal identified Rudd. The de fendant was fined 10s and costs, or £4 5s in all. 