Leprosy. THE subject of leprosy is uppermost again, in consequence of a lecture delivered at the School of Arts last night by Dr. Hodgson. The lecturer held that leprosy was not con tagious in the popular acceptation of the term, and consequently advised the abolition of the Coast Hospital as a place of deten tion for lepers, but favored the voluntary system by which patients might so into an asvlum if thev desired. Dr. Hodgson quoted from the report of an Indian commission on the subject, which report had expressed views similar to his own, and also referred to the case of a Chinaman, Hock Toy, who had been detained in the lazarette under unfounded suspicion of leprosy, and referred to two other cases — one of a Chinaman, the other of a European — which he also considered non-leprous. It is quite right that these subjects should be investigated, and quite right that a man Bent to the lazarette as a leper should have some means of having his case investigated, and there is no reason why Dr. Hodgson through having moved in the matter should become a marked man by the Board of Health, which he believes is what will happen to him. Dr. Hodgson has a respectable body of testimony oh his side against the contagious theory, for instance there is the report of that commis sion which he mentioned and the views of certain' medical writers. But the whole medical profession is not with Dr. Hodgson— -the late Sir Morell Mackenzie, a very eminent man, wrote a report opposing the' non-contagious theory set forth by the Indian commission — and there are -also some very awkward facts to get over. One fact that has to be explained away is the first introduction of 'leprosy to Europe. Tie opening portion of Dr. Hodgson's own lecture was devoted to a historical sketch of the disease and to accounts of . how the Crusaders brought, it back to Europe with tkem jxom their, wars 'with the Saracens. Now if the -Crusaders could bring the leprosy lipme with iliem; ^irom the East it must be communicable in v '.. some . way, ; and. if it be, it is small difference to thoBe ex posed to the danger of* it, whether the mode of communication be contagion in the popu lar acceptation of the word. A writer who, like Dr. Hodgson, holds the non-contagion theory, piakes admissions showing that at the epoch of the Crusade, tbe time in the middle ages when there was most communi cation with the Bast, Jeprosy did increase very seriously. Here is a quotation from Charles Creighton, M.A., JLD,, who was entrusted with the article on leprosy for the ' Encyclopaedia Britannica ' : It was amid the stir and movement of the Crusades that leprosy grew to be epidemic in Western Europe j it attacked the people in great numbers, and in all ranks (including members of royal families). Leper houses were founded in every considerable town ; the total number of these in Europe was loosely estimated by Matthev.* Paris at 19,000, the number in France is inde pendently estimated at 2000, and (according to Sir J. T. Simpson) there were 95 houses of the first-class in England, of these seven being at Norwich and five at Lynn. There were also several houses in Ireland and Scotland. The iso lation oE lepers was strictly enforced by law and popular sentiment ... The disease began to decline (first in Italy) in the fifteenth cen tury, and had mostly disappeared in the seven teenth. A. leper house was founded in Edinburgh as late as 1591, and it was not till.1741 that the last known leper died in' Shetland. Survivals of the great modiseval outbreak in Europe are found on the west coast of Norway, in the Baltic provinces of Russia, on the Riviera, on the Sicilian coasts, and in certain coast provinces of Spain and Portugal. . ? . The cases occurring in England and France are in persons who have been, born or have lived in the East or West Indies. The disease is also met with in Iceland, along the Caspian and delta «f the Volga, along the Black Sea, and ic islands of the Levant, especially Scio'and Crete. Here we have a learned authority confirm ing the story of that great outbreak of leprosy in Europe which has been handed down in a popular form by ballads like ' The Leper and the Cid,' and the London account of the halting place where criminals were refreshed with ale on their way to execution at Tyburn: Near the Church of St. Giles once a lazar house stood. And to it was chained a bowl of wood. Of course it may be strongly urged by the supporters of the non-contagious theory that this great European outbreak of leprosy, which in its earlier days, is supposed, according to popular legend to have carried off Eobert Bruce, of Scotland, and, later, to have been fatal to Henry IV. of England, was in a great measure a result of dirt ; that leprosy was rampant in Europe at a period when insanitary conditions and un wholesome food were characteristic of even Royal palaces. Those who argue thus have it in their favor that leprosy began to decline in the fifteenth century in what was then the centre of civilisation, and that it lingered longest in the rudest and poorest countries. The same reasoners can also advance that though Europe has infinitely more communication with the East now than at the time of the Crusades, Europe, being comparatively clean, has no fear of leprosy. These are pretty strong arguments, but there are again awkward facts to be explained away. How is it that in the several centuries of barbarism, which preceded the Crusades leprosy made slow progress in Christendom, while during the Crusades it progressed by leaps and bounds ? Europe did not get dirtier during the Crusades — on the contrary. Again ' the cases occurring in France and Eng laud are in persons who have been born or have lived in tne East or West Indies.' This, seems to point; despite the safeguards afforded by the increased cleanliness of modern life, to the possibility of infection in some way. Again, Father Damien, the Belgian Driest of Molokai, did at last contract leprosy, though it is true he -was a long time in doing so. More over, those who base their plea for the re laxation of precautions against leprosy in Australia on the very little apprehension ever felt on the subject in Europe and on Europe's comparative immunity in modern times, should remember that none of the more highly civilised parts of Europe are, like Australia, exposed to large influxes of Asiatics, who come to settle per manently and who continue to live under the conditions to which they have been accustomed in their own countries. In the parts of Europe exposed to visitations of thi# kind, as the Levant and Southern Russia, leprosy is described as ' met with.' Else where in Europe it is not met with except in places where the climate is very bad or the scale of living peculiarly low. Australia should be very wary before doing anything that could give the least chance of a foot iold to this insiduous enemy. To judge by the telegraphic reports from various country towns, some of the changes de cided upon by the Public Service Board are viewed with anything but satisfaction by country people. The board has, in its wisdom, determined to remove or retire various officers, such as police magistrates, clerks of petty BeBsionB, and mining wardens, come of whom have officiated in , particular localities' for several years. At many 'of the centres affected, the residents are up in arms, and public meetings ate being held and petitions got np to protest again? t the action of the board. It has been -decided, among other things, for example, to abolish th^ office of police magistrate and warden at Cowrf , also the 'office ef police magistrate at Te&terfield.; Cowra is a large and important f mining centre, and _ it is not surprising to find the miners -if the district againstjirhttt they regard Mtwctaanto be ft serious inooarenisfeoe to them In &ett;|biaEJLn^ whose - importance *?ia likely to be andeicrated by J .Its 'iahabitaatB, and a rigorous agitation is being - got up against the intention to deprive the tewn and district of its police magistrate. The board, nowever, is doubtless inspired by a .regard for the public interests rather than for the in terests of particular localities, and probably has been guided in its decisions by the amount of -business transacted at the places affected. It is unquestionable that many appointments:were made uader the old system of political control for political reasons rather than from a just re gard for the public interest. Equally certain is it that the pruning knife can in many places be applied without at aU impairing the efficiency of the service. But some misgiving in regard to rashness and lack of thorough consideration is excited by the remarkable speed with which the board appears to be going about its work. The visit of Lord Hampden yesterday to the Sydney School of Arts served as an occosion for its representatives t© call his Excellency's atten tion to its history, as presented- in the '.abstract and brief chronicle ' form. The institution has had many difficulties to encounter of late 'years. Some of them no doubt have been attributable to bad management. Others again have been due to causes which are to be considered as unavoidable. Anyhow, after having encountered storms which occasionally threatened to overwhelm it altogether, the in stitution has now entered on what has every pro mise of being a fairer course. To continue the nautical illustration it may be said that the ship is likely to sail all the better for the alteration which has baen made in its rig, and for the hamper which has been flung over board. In ether words, the conversion of the hall which used to be formerly let for entertainments — not always of the kind which'might be looked for in connection with a School of Arts — into a library, and the utilising of the lower part of the front portion of the building as sites for shops, are changes which are to be considered as highly advantageous ones. The shops should bring in a handsome rental, and should not interfere in the least with the successful working of the School of Arts. As already hinted, that is more than could have been always said with respect to the letting system as associated with the hall which now so commodiously serves for a library. The changes effected on the whole are such as should give the School of Arts a good chance of holding its own in the future, and worthily filling the place which it should naturally oecnpy. It is, of coarse, to be remembered that it has rivals to contend with who were not in the field a few years ago, and to feeep pace with whom it most decidedly will have to put its best f «ot forward. It will have, as far as is reasonably possible with such resources as it can command, to keep up to date as regards the additions which it makes to its shelves. As far as possible, too, it should make its selections of books ot the day include the very best in all departments. There are indeed Borne gratifying evidences that such a course is now being entered upon. It is only to be hoped that ic will be pursued with increasing spirit. If it should, there can be little doubt that the institution will not lack the sup port which it looks for from the public. Lord Hampden, in replying to the toast of Ms health, as proposed - by tbe president, found, as he usually does when he gets on his legs on such occasions, some thing to say which was pleasant and suggestive. He made some amusing remarks with reference to the style and title of the place. His Excellency is certainly not the only person whom such a term as School of Arts has struck as something of a misnomer when applied as in this case. The old name of mechanics' institute is surely more correct, and less liable to convey a mistaken idea as to what is actually meant. There is really something absurdly pretentious in calling an establishment of the kind a School of Arts. It reminds one of the old Irish schoolmasters, who, disdaininganysueh plain design&tion;,styled them selves ' Philomaths.' Lord Hampden, in glanc ing at the prospects of Australia in connection with art and literature in the higher meanings of the words, took the view which is common to the majority of intelligent observers, which perhaps indeed is common to ail who can be fairly considered as belonging to such a class. , That is that in a country whose record only began the day before yester day, the practical business of life has naturally received more attention than has been bestowed on what may be termed the ornamental side. Bat as Lord Hampden reminded his hearers yesterday, when speaking of the centuries which elapsed before England produced any of her great geniuses, Australia, according to the apparent rule in such cases, can well afford to wait tor hers. . ' Fine spirits are but finely touched to fine issues.' The famous Shaksperian apothegm acquires a new meaning in connection with that piece of news from Melbourne as to the way in which the duty on spirits is dodged. Spirits used in the manufacture of perfumes is bow, through the alteration of the tariff allowed to pass free. But it. is said that there is reason to believe that a good deal of spirits is intro duced with jnsfc sufficient of perfume in it to sustain * its pretended character. The infusion is afterwards extracted, and the liquor rendered fit for sale as alcoholic drink. This is certainly one of the most cunning devices yet heard of for imparting a ' bouquet.' It is only too certain, however, that perfume is by no means the strangest thing with which alcohol has been blended in Australia, and which it has been left for the stomachs of too trusting consumers to finally assimilate as best they could. An attempt to follow up the tragedy, of which' the late Shah was tbe victim, with a similar one is reported from Teheran. The man who tried to make another royal ghost of the new King of Kings is said to have been arrested. He is believed, the cablegram adds, t» be an agent of & secret society. An allusion to a society banded together for murderous purposes natur ally recalls the medieval legend which assigned to the original fraternity of the '.'Assassins,' a habitat not very remote from Persia. Their supposed chief was the so-called 'Old Man of the Mountain,' a celebrity who, If a story which long - passed current in Europe had any truth, must have anticipated De Quincey's ideal mur derer centuries before De Qaincey was born, and cultivated murder as one of the ' fine arts.' 