BEV. RAINSFOBD BAVIN. With this issue we present our readers with a portrait of the Rev. Rainsford Bavin, who, for the past three years, has been the active and indefatigable Superintendent of the Central Metho dist Mission. Our fine and central building — the Centenary Hall — is the centre of many activities: and these activities are constant. It is our Methodist Cathedral; but it is more than this, for connected with it are the manifold demands of mission work. These various spheres of Christian work demand constant attention, and are sufficient to tax the energy of the strongest and most vital men amongst us. In all these spheres Mr. Bavin has been a diligent worker, and in connec tion with his Council he has been guide, overseer, and friend. It has been an onerous position to fill, and Mr. Bavin has filled it well. . The following notice of his life and work we abbreviate from the Gazette: -—?'Mr. Bavin was born, just half a century ago, in the County of Lincoln shire (from whence came the famed John Wesley and the poet Tennyson), of a good Methodist stock. At the early age of twelve he was Boundly converted to Grod, and, seeing that like Timothy, ' from a child he had known the Holy Scriptures,' it was not to be wcndered at that four years later he was found . in a .Methodist pulpit preaching to others the Word of Life. This ronnd \- face lad of sixteen years soon became a favorite in many of the village chapels of his native county, in not a few of which he had the joy of winning many souls for the Lord. ?At this time his daily employment waB that of a teacher, first in the Wes leyan day school, and afterwards as tutor, in a private acadamy ; but the Lord had other and more spiritual work for him to do ; to which He called him in the ..year 1864, when he was accepted as a candidate for .the ministry by the British Conference. At first he was designated for India, but after a course of .. theological; study under the able Dr. ?Kessen,. he, with the Key. Jos. Berry (now of Adelaide), was booked for New Zealand, where, after a trying voyage, they v arrived, safely early in the year ; i$67.,? :;.;?,/. ,. vr , . v. p. ' , ; /??'-:.; :- ? HIS OFIItST APPOINTMENT' . was'' to Christ church, after which he ministered in the Tiinaru; Eaiapoi, Wanganui, Nelson, Wellington, and Auckland Circuits, in all of which he had a good measure of success and fruit to his labours. The Eev. W. G. Taylor, iu writing of this part of his ministry, says : — 'His great energy of character, his loyalty to his' great Master and the Church of his choice, his ability in the pulpit and on the platform, his sympathy with and love for the people oi his charge, always commanded for him hosts of friends, and more than an ordinary amount of success.' Whilst yet a young man he was called to fill many, important connexional offices in the church, serving as Chairman in the Wanganui, Nelson, Wellington, and Auckland districts. He was also appointed a representative to the Australian Conference of 1872, and was further elected by the New Zealand Conference to the General Conferences of 1878, 1881, 1884, 1888. He held the office of Secretary at the Aucklind Conference of 1879, and also the Nelson Conference in 1881, and was elected by an almost unanimous vote to the chair of the Conference at Auckland in the year 1883. Judged by the Australian and British custom in appointing presi dents, Mi*. Bavin at this period was an exceedingly youthful president, but he entered upon his onerous duties with a light heart because, like Dr. Gsborri, he believed the Conference chair was not as difficult to fill as it looked, being '' cushioned by the prayers of tens of thousands of Christians all the world over.' The evangelical' trend of his mind, at this time, may be gathered from the closing prayer of his speech in which he expressed a desire for 'a revival in every circuit of; the con nexion.' - : . ? . In the year 1888 he was appointed by the General Conference as . an exchange ........... Rev. RAINSFORD BAVIN. with New South Wale6, and in April of the following year he was sent to take charge of the William- street Church. After that, he labored most success fully in the ^ewtown Circuit, and after spending a happy and successful year there, he was appointed by the Con ference of 1893 to the important office of Superintendent of the Sydney Central Methodist Mission. Here his work for the past three years, is well known. Asa popular Breacher, a dili gent pastor, a good financier, a cautious organiser, an earnest philanthropist, a social reformer, and a good all-round Methodist Super., his soon-to-be-vacant office will be hard to fill. In the pulpit; Mr. Bavin possesses a commanding pre sence, a good voice, and that sanguine temperament which helps to make all. great preachers. His style is earnest, lucid, and forcible, and he is nothing if not aggressively evangelical. After having fulfilled a happy and honourable term in the Mission, Mr. Bavin was appointed by the late Con ference to the Ashfield Circuit. But before entering upon, his duties in that Circuit, he and his excellent wife intend paying a visit to the old country. The contemplation of again ; visiting his native land is a source of great gratifi cation to Mr, Bavin. He hopeB by this visit to be strengthened for future work in the colony ; likewise to enrich his stores of experience, and gain useful knowledge for profit, and for yet more useful service. The late Conference appointed Mr. Bavin as its representa tive to the British Conference, which meets in Liverpool in July next. He has likewise received several notes of introduction, from the President of the General Conf erence,f which are likely to be of service to him. ?The Executiveof the New South Wales Branch of the, ? ? ' ? ? . . '.''? 4. Evangelical Alliance have appointed him as their delegate to the Jubilee celebration of the parent Society', which will take place in London early in July. So that Mr. Bavin will have plenty to do during his brief visit to the old land. We pray that God may be with him and his good wife during the voyage and visit, and that they may come back in full vigour, and. with renewed inspiration for Christian work and service. Before leaving the Mis Hion, a picnic and valedictory will be given to him in public recognition of his manifold services. In a 'Good-bye' paper, published in the Mission Gazette, Mr. Bavin writes as follows: — 'And now in taking leave, from my heart I say, ' God bless this Central Methodist Mission, and make it; tenfold a yet greater power power for good in this great city. May its missionere, its staff, its workers, and. members alike be so baptized by the Holy Ghost, that the next triennium may be better than any before it ! ' To this prayer we utter a very hearty and emphatic — Amen ! The jubilee of the great London Liberal paper, the Daily JVetos, was celebrated® a little while since. It may not be generally known that the original pro jector and first editor of the paper was Charles Dickens. A most interesting relic of his association with the editorial chair has been discovered in one of. the early files. As is well known to the readers of his life, he very rarely tried his hand at verse, although he had -unquestioned ability in that direction. Besides the sagacious reflections: about the superiority of prose which he has placed in the mouth of Mr. . Weller, senr., he has somewhere expressed himself as averse to poetry, at leasr, as a vehicle for the expression of opinion. Nevertheless, he appears to have been so moved by the extreme sufferings of the poor in those days of the great Anti-Corn Law agitation— days when it was a case of dear bread and low wages — as to be compelled to put his feelings into a shape higher than the common prose. Accordingly he wrote ' A hymn of the Wiltshire Labourers.' This hymn created a considerable stir when it was published. It has five stanzas, and .the first runs : — U Orod, who by thy prophets hand . DidBt smite the rooky brake, .. , . Whence water came at thy command, Thy people's thirst to slake, ? ' Strike now upon this granite wall— . '' Stern, obdurate, and high — And let. some drops of pity fall . For us who starve and die.' The impression one gathers from a study- of . this hymn is ihat if he had liked, Dickens could have been almost as great as a people's poet as he was as a people's novelist. It is a . pity we have not more of his verse efforts, as hymnssuch as these appeal moststrongly to popular sentiment, in addition to this, they are capital windows, through which can be seen a little of the inner working of the thought life. And Dickens did not carry his heart on his sleeve. ? ' ? ??:??:?? - : Great Britain is said to own.2, 572,900 miles. of territory in Africa, and to con trol a population of 40,433,500 persons. According to published- statistics the Methodist Church in America l«,sfc year gained the enormous increase of ' 319,539. 