tALL s RIORTS R ESRtVEDz.] NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. By the author of "ErFFIESEATON;" "'JFrsi GIEr I.VI.T.r;" " LUCy, 11iE F.ACTOORI IRL," "s EUSTACE, THE UUTC.Asr." . bapter gx.-O-6NTINUED. " I heard more of my master's secrets still," answered Nelly-" something that merely concerned myself." ,' "-'What!r" exclaimed Albert. "He has f, :been plotting against you,.too ?" S"You shall judge," replied the girl.., " From what I overheard, I learned that my n father made a will, by which I shall get all the property my uncle has taken possession a of. The will was in master's hands, and he s: made. a bargain with my uncle to keep it C back-master to get fifteen hundred pounds u for doing so." n "The rascals!" said Albert through his b set teeth. "But," continued Nelly, "Mr. Chippsp g means to overreach my uncle in the matter; 1; for he gave my uncle a copy of the will, a which the latter thought was the real one, and which he burned. The real one, how- ri ever, is in a secret drawer in master's cabinet. r "'If i coalil only ot'hold of," said t, bert. b :'Nelly continued-" The copy which he f; gave my uncle was in the closet, and when heo came in for it he discovered me." " Confound it, that was unfortunate; and h what was the result?" "I was kept a close prisoner in an attic , room for a week; then they put me into a large box and brought me here, where for . some weeks I havebeen confined in an empty t; room--VWalsh being my gaoler." d " Confined in the same house !" exclaimed 3 Margaret. - " And my husband, where is he ?" asked i Mrs. Walsll, trembling with agitation. h "He took ill of a fever yesterday," an- b swered Nelly, "and to-night became deliri- s, ous. In his madness he wantedto kill me, when I made my escape from the room, and fled from chamber to chamber, he pursuing e me with a knife. At last I saw a ray of Ii light from your room, and pushing against a n brick it fell, and I cried for help, and yonu mercifully saved me." a "And Walsh, where isihe now?" inquired f, everyone, in great excitement. c "I know not,", answered Nelly.. "He was knocking wildly on the door of the room when I sprang through the aperture." "Wicked as he is, he must not be left ' alone in the madness of fever," observed t Albert. " Oh! let us go and find him," pleaded c his wife. " He is my husband, and I loved h him once." They all hastily rose, and the young men getting lights, they proceeded to the paint- . ing-room, with the intention 'of passing r through the hole in the 'partition in search of Walsh. They found him lying, however, t on the floor, where lhe had fallen before the picture, and the knife beside him. Hoe was still insensible; but they raised 1 him, and conveying him to another room, stripped him and laid him upon ia bed, his ] much-injured wife and Margaret Clayton re- b maining to watch by the couch. Cbapter xi. , I iIE?OSE PENTANCE, AND *ER It is necessary that we should briefly ex- fs !plain how it happened that Noelly, on making tl good her escape from Walsh, fell into the fi protection of Deborah Dickson and the rest: And thisleads us back to the night, or rather p early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. li SWalsh were rescued from the house in Leeds. That New Year's Day was spent in con sidering what their future course should be. r 'For most of their sakes it was found highly. 'necessary to leave Leeds. Neither Deborah nor Harry was safe there; and Mrs. Walsh Il and Margaret were both anxious to get out 'of the reach of VWalsh and Bob Preston. 'Albert Clayton cared little where he lived, h as far as personal safety was concerned, for, s as his enemies thought him dead, there was no fear of him being hunted after. But, as ' he still wished to leave Lady Clayton and Chipps, the lawyer, under the impression that he was removed out of their way, it was important that he should neither be seen nor I recognised in the city. He, therefore, was inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other i members of the party were William Sims and i his mother, neither of whom apprehended any danger either from Walsh or Bob 'Prcs- I 'ton; but William was a' fond and devoted lover, and if Margaret was to depart, he "could not think of remaining behind. In the consideration of this question one important element required to be taken into account, and that was the financial. -William Sime was a journeyman watchmaker a and could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton had never yet I :earned a subsistence, and the difficulty with him was how to do it. It was highly neces sary that it should be done. He happened to have a few pounds in his purse, and a r splendid gold watch in his fob, when im ineroed in Waterloo Lake, and on further cx amination he found a valuable diamond pin I sin his cravat. "These, if sold, would supply the demands on him for a short while, but as ;he know not how long he might require to 'trust to his own resources, he thought it .:would be wise to use 'the produce only for 'his necessities. He felt that it would be mnore desirable to earn something, not only I for his own wants, but for those of the ladies who. were so far thrown on his care. He .was a long time puzzled to think how this mighlitb doiie. Various plans occurred to him, most of which were abandoned as im practicable almost as soon as formed. At `length one bright idea struck him, and it ap peared so feasible that he stuck to it. For years past lhe had been a most enthusiastic amateur phlotographer and be thought that 'by buying the apparatus and all things neces sary he maight realise somnething by the art. With this view he sold his gold watch and diamontd pin, and bought the requisite in struments and chemicals. The oanly question \- was wahere to go to put the experiment to the test. A very short consultation be .tween William and himself made them fix on :Manchester, and they at once removed thither ... ,and were fortunate in finding an empty -aouse. Williamn Sime at once got employ m"entin a watchmaking establishment; and Albert, under the designation of Moonsieur La Fere, commenced business as a photo grapher. Ho succeeded admirably, and was largelypatronised-Harry being a most effi cdent assistant to him. In his leisure hours ha wrought at an oil painting, which he tnhought of sending to the next Exhibition ,taking for hIis sulject the incident on thel Lake when he nearly became the victim of a Walsh. At this painting he was labouring, with Harry as his delighted helper, when Nelly demanded his aid. For tlae few weeks in which they had lived . in this secluded manner in Manchester they ,had been very comfortlale and happy, often 'wonderhtrg among themselves how Nelly would be gectting on with her master, and .what wouldl be her conjectures as to the non appearance of Deborah in Woodhoase-lane with newsn of HIarry. Frequently they thoufhtof commusicating with Isher, but the risk'tl'ey therelby ran of betraying to their encsreta the place of their retreat kept tlhem #il~cr. Little did they dream that the sub ject of their solicitude was confinedt a few rooms' distanice from them under the gaoler ahip of Walsh:. Her Osiigular and unexpected' apperance among them was hailed with extreme satis-; faction. She had not only escaped from the I camp of the enemy, but she came laden with P all their secrets. Nelly's escape would bring matters to an issue; and Albert Clayton, who felt that with him lay the.duty of:taking el action, was puzzled how to proceed. The b situation was a very -critical 'one.: Ladv bi Clayton and Chipps would fight the' battle I unscrupulously, and with the fiercest deter- i d mination. He was likewise aware that they dl had a certain advantage on their side, inas- st much as they would compel him to prove, 0o first of all, Harry's identity, and then his m legitimacy-two things difficult at all times. fe and doubly so here on account of the private di manner in which his parents had been mar- t1 ried. The chief witness to both matters was cc Deborah Dickson. it ton at length came to a resolution which gave a him great relief. tHe resolved to consult his w father's former solicitor-Mr. Ball-whom t Lady Clayton had dismissed when she came c into power, and put the managementintothe t * hands of Chipps. IHe would call upon him hi and lay before him all the information of V which he was himself possessed. al For the present, however, he decided to do I" and say nothing till an issue was reached in rt the illness of Walsh. The latter still lay delirious under his violent fevcr,.his wife and hi Margaret watching closely beside him. Not- la withstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and al injustice, that patient, loving wife tended tc his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as he lay uneon- m scious of everything but his suffering, and hi striving to do her utmost to alleviate hipain. tc In this merciful' and loving ministration 'o she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who s likewise forgother loathing and hatred of the hi man who would have blasted her life and P' consigned he" to misery. In his helplessness a and affliction she was ready to return good st for evil, and day and night remained by his 1c couch, rendering him attentions which could not have been excelled by a daughter's affec tion. tl Occasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Sime and k William, and even Albert Clayton, visited' the room, though the latter cared not to ap- S pear in the sufferer's sight lest he might re- hi cognise him, and bo filled with increased o0 horror at beholding what he could only con- a aider as the spirit of the murdered victim. g For twenty days Walsh lay unconscious oh under the power of the fever, his natural tc rugged strength and the vigour of his con stitution sustaining him under its severity, though the watchers could see that every day tc he grew weaker. The doctor who was called m in did his utmost to check the disease, but bt his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on r a mild March afternoon, as his wife and w Margaret sat silent in the room listening to cl his breathing, which had for some time been b< soft, low and regular, he stirred slightly, and 1i when they looked they saw him open his y eyes and gazo at them with intelligence. Y' The wild blazing liglht, of insanity was gone, the burning flush had left his face, and a t few seconds, then his eyes wandered round w the apartment, and b'is countenance mani- e' tested surprise. . "'ifoe," he said, in a low voice, " what al place is this we are in? This is not our w house." " No, James," she gently answered. "Do tl you feel yourself better now ?" I "Better?", he repeated, "what's the it matter with me?" it " You have been very ill." ' "Have I?. Nonsense. I have had but a ii long sleep, that is all. I must rise now." ai IIo tried to sit up, but to his surprise found he could not even lift his hand to his Y head. His utter weakness told him'what she b said was true. f "I have been ill, have I ?". he muttered. d "I thought it was just a long bad dream. What has been the matter with me, and I where are we ? At Keighley's P" " "No, James," she replied. "We are in C Manchester." h "Manchester?" he repeated, gazing at her in astonishment. " What are we doing in Manchester? Ah, wait a bit," he sud- C denly added, my head is strangely confused, but it is getting clearer." He lay for some time in deep reflection, which they did not care to interrupt. Evi- c dently the recent past was coming to his re membrance. tl "I recollect all now," he said; "but where is the girl-she was with me when I i was taken ill." Mrs. Walsh replied by narrating the par- a ticulars of Nelly's flight, and how both she and himself had changed quarters. "And that was last night," he said. 9 " Oh, dear, no, James. It was three weeks ago. You have been delirious all the time, e and Margaret and I have watched over you." b lie fixed upon her a look of intense as tonishment. " Buthow do you happen to be here ?" lie asked after considerable pause. " We did not think it right to remain in Leeds after-after yon night," she replied, striving to infiuse no reproach into her tone, " and we came here, and have been here ever 1: since; but, Jnames, I think you sihould not speak any more now-you are very weak, a and require repose." He gave her anotlhr peuslinr glance, and I a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his face. " I believe you are right, wife," lie said; "but I suppose it is all up now with Chipps and Lady Clayton. The girl would go right I off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you, Mary," he added, bitterly, 1 " very kind of you to preserve me from the gallows." " Hush, James, do not speak so," she an swered. "'Nelly is in this house-she has [ never left it, and has told nothing except to us." " Ha, you are-you must be deceiving me. 1 The girl would take the first opportunity to be off to Leeds." " Indeed, James, I am not deceiving you," said his wife, earnestly. "What I say is true-every word; and -you know I never toll a lie." "No," returned Walsh, slowly; "but it the girl be here, I must see her. I shall then be satisfied. " I will bring her," said Margaret, rising Sand leaving the room. In a few minute.e she returned, accom panied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said she was glad to know he was somewhat better. " You have not been to Leeds F" he said. "I have not," she replied. "No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do or say anything in the matter at present." This assurance seemed to satisfy TValsh, e forhe turned Iris head to the other side of the v bed. and immediately sank into a deep sleep. e For many days after this he lay in a state r of great prostration, quite conscious, but n very weak-helpless almost as a child. " Patiently and unweariedly his wife tended e3 the while, doing her utmost to pro- ti mote his comfort and restord his strength. R He received her attentions in silence, but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if en during mental suffering; and this he was li silently experiencing to a great extent. Laid d upon that bed of sickness, and unable to chase away rcflection from his mind his n wasted life presented itself before him in all o its hideous deformity. First of all, he y thought how little he deserved such kindness b at the hands of his wife. Justly might shed h have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for he-was aware how utterly I he had crushed out of her bosom the love she ti had once borne him, and how completely he s had placed himself beyond the pale of her t sympathy. Yet here she was a close atten- s lant by his sick bed, watching him with the y most tender solicitude, smoothing his pillow a so gently, anticipating his wants, and sup plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him to the heart. It was heaping coals of fire on his bead, and no more ; effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa bility. Whait is there on earth more terrible to en dure than the pangs of remorse! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deep stained with sin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of moral truth. Then there is nothing but a fearful looking for of judgment and fiery in dignation. But this is not all-this is not the worst; the judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is s somethinglike the satisfying sense of making a atoem t tjoined to this there is aching void, of regret and self-reproach, which fills the soul with; sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt• this in all its 'horror, for he thought of the time when first he folded his youthful, blooming Mary to his t heart, and whispered to her words of love. P What suffering had he brought upon her, and how different it might have been ! But now-now he was the. worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For days these awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, P and in very desperation he gave expression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought he was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look 'up she' saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her husband was, not sleeping, as she had sup posed-he lay gazing intently upon her, and an unshed teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only sit and look at him. - "Mary," said hoe,"how Is it that you and 3Meg have been so kind to me in my illness, t though I have used you both so ill, and you t know that I committed the worst of crimes P", "Because we bear no malice, James," an swered his wife. " This book I hold'in my hand teaches'us to do as we have done, and ! our blessed Saviour set us the glorious ex ample. Your conduct has grieved us- deeply grieved us-but our feelings are more' those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamen ted your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake." " And yet, Mary," groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, "you have cause to hate!me as badly as woman ever hated man. Don't you remember when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish you through life ? It was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder ana gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Mary?" "Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed the wife, thiough fast rising tears. wretehedness;-a,sa.-woe. Hoere I lie thisk evening, all that is vile, and .with the damn ing weight of human blood upon my soul; and there you sit, a wronged and betrayed wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till Ilay in my helplessness, and saw you watch ing devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream-would that I could live my i life over again. But the wish is in vain. I am lost, accursed, and self-damned." "HHush, James; do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. "This blessed book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been par. doned, and- " / "Thatis not, cannot be true," interrupted Walsh, hastily. "A more wicked man than i me never lived. No repentance can save me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against me. I am a murderer." Mrs. Walsh was silent. She was sure he was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him -at least before she had taken counsel of others. "Ican make no atonement for my deeds," continued the remorseful man; but at least for the murder I can die. If I recover from the illneuss, it will only be to give myself up to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for it." . I His wife rose in great agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door. "Don't leave me, Mary," pleaded Walsh. "'I will return immediately," alsheo an ewered, and vanished ?s she spoke. She was gone for some little time, when sheagain entered the room, and taking a seat i by the bed, laid her hand on the sick man's ann. " James," she said in a solemn, impressive tone, "you were indeed guilty of an awful i crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention alnd belief wenCt, yous there foully smurdered Albert Clayton." "I did-I did," groaned Walsh, hiding hiis face with one sand. "lBut," continued his wife, "I have strange news to tell you. A merciful Pro videnceeinterposed to prevent the deed being ,ctua!!y commnuitted." He suddenly took away his hand and re Sgarded her with a look of amazing inquiry. " Yes, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard the youth's cries. They had taken lshelter be hind : tree, and you passed close by them, though you did not see them. They, how ever, saw and recognised you. When you Ihad disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to the edge of the lake and saw tie ysoung man rise to the surface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him." "3Mary, you are mocking me," cried Walsh, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. " No, James; what I state is a solemr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. lIe is at this moment alive and well, and hir rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, her lover." "Alive-Albert Clayton alivc!" he re peated, with quivering lips, whilst his bosom hcaved to bursting. " It is false-it is a de lusions! I will not believe it." "Will you believe the evidence of your own eyes. thten.?" cried a lcheerful voice, and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as he 'had been when, accompanied by Walsh, he went to the Park. WValsh stared at him in bewildered and lhorrilicd astonishment. S" Conme, feel me," said Albert,. as, with a ssmile on his frank, handsome face, he ap pronched the bed; "feel me, and convince yourself tlhat I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn't mean to let any of you \- know-at least at present-that I aun still in I the land of tlie living; but as Mrs. Walsh I tells me you are fill of repentance andt re * morse on account of my supposed death, I Sthought I would ease your mind a hist_. 1t 1 ting you know the truth. I don't think you will make a bad use of the knowledge." "Thank Godyour blood does not lie on my soul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of ri - lief. " I feel some hopo now. I may ab,: don my wicked life and reform." " That's right," returned Albert. "It's not the thing for a fellow like you, who was once an honest, righthearted inal, to give yourself up to villainous courses. You haove better stuff in you, and I am sure of it. You have the making of a noblefellow, if you will only shake off the connection with Chipps, Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are bad to the core, everyone of them. Now, what say yon? Will you henceforth stick to truth, and do the right thing, and we'll stand by you, and ere long vyou will recover your self-respect, and be happy yet with your angelof a wife?" " God bless you, sir!"' exclaimed Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion. "Heaven help me, I will, do as you say. Mary, will you-can you forgive me ?" "Gladly, James-joyfully." Cbapter Trii. THE DEATH OF WALSH. Wonderful and blessed in the power of kind ness, in its very gentleness and unobtrusive ness lies its strength-a strength far mightier than any violence or apparent force can exer cise. Before it the stubborn will, the hardest heart, the most abandoned nature has been subdued, melted, and overcome. 1By it, when all else has failed, the conscienceo has been ,ached and smitten into contrition, the sin -af soul hissbeen-piereed-into-itter re pentance, the withered and scorched affections have been made to gush out in their old chan nel, and an entire change has passed upon the whole thing. Let this mighty potent power of kindness live and flourish in the world. While it is the mightiest of forces it can be wielded by the weakest hand. The meek and delicate woman 0an cause it to put forth its strongest influence; it arms her with an irresistible might, and invests her with a holy sovereignty. Not in the earthquake of passionate reproach, not in the fire of fierce invective, but in the still small voice of love, and in love's quiet acts of devotion are to be found the strongest forces of human agency capable of turning the most wicked hearts and renewing the basest nature. And never was its amazing power more signally manifested than in the case of Jim Walsh. For many long years he had lived in hardened depravity. Having severed all ties between himself and virtue, his nature was brutalised, his conscience utterly dead, his moral sense defaced, and his religipus im pressions obliterated. He was restrained.by nothing but the consequences of human de tection, no consideration of affection or grati tude could move him; he lived and acted in utter disregard of those around him, or con nected with him, wronging and injuring them without coxmpunchon, for the sake of what'he conceived to be his own selfish in terests. This was a state 'of hardened wickedness and.moral abandonment which no remon strance or expostulation or threatening could prevail against; yet kindness suddenly broke the flinty rock, and softened and subdued its stubbornness. - His thoughts, feelings and desires were now totally changed towards his late victims. Not for worlds would he now act against them in the interest of Chipps and Lady Clayton. On the contrary, he felt an ardent desire to baffle these plotters, and renderjusticeto those whom they had sought so foully to defraud. As yet be it remarked, no higher motive animated him. The change of feeling was so marked and thorough that none around him doubted it. So well convinced were they of it that they freely trusted him, and conversed freely with him on all the matters. On two points the kept entirely in the dark as regarded Harry. Hec knew quite well that Chipps had a pecu liar interest in getting hack the boy who had run away from him, and whom lie had been commissioned to trace and recover, but lie did not suspect he was the only child of Sir Humphrey's eldest son, and therefore the true heir of the estate. The other point in which he was enlightened regarded Nelly, and the trick which Chipps had played Bob in giving him a copy of the will only, and retaining the original in the cabinet. Once, when Nelly was alone with him, he ques tioned her particularly as to the place in the room where tthis cabinet stood, and the man ner in which the lawyer touched the secret spring which gave access to the private drawer in which she had seen him deposit the document. Nelly answered as well as she was able. and he lay and pondered deeply on her replies. Walsh was not able in return to give them any new intelligence, so well did they already know the secrets of her ladyship and her lawyer; but he was able to confirm the idea that Margaret was Sir HuImphrey'o daughter. and this he did frankly and positively. lie had removed her when an infant from Clay ton, at the instigation of Chipps, and was able to do it without suspicion, inasmuch at the very time he had an infant daughter who died, and by dressing the little body in the clothes worn by Sir lHumphrey's infant child, it wasr supposed to he the latter. Amelia Saughton, the present Lady Clayton. who was then the artful companion of Sir llum phrey's second wife, and already aspired to be her successor, managed to drug the drink of the nurse who had charge of the iaby, and while she lay insensible the change was ef I fected and the dead child placed under her to cause the supposition that she had overlaid it. It was found, and the death so accounted for, and the poor deluded mother, then her self hastening to the tomb, kissed the cold palo lips of the infant, believing that it was thie corpse of her ownI little Margaret. In a few days she died, and the infant of Walsh and tbh second Lady Claynton were laid in oen grave, the grieved but deluded baronet be lieving that the dark receptacle received both his wife and child. IMatters beiong thus adjusted and explained betweet Walsh and his late victims, the former Leogan gradually to recover his strength. The process of convalescence was a slow one, for the fevsr thad beten ti:rce anl wasting, but under the tender nursing of his now happy wife, and the less cutiting feelings of his conscience, he perceptibly improved, and the time came when heIo coultt rise for a I few hours every day. Otte morning when eMrs. Walsh went into his room, she was amazed to find it emnpty. Jim was not in bed as usual, anid his clothes wore gone. In dismay and esisternatioi, she ras and acquainted the others with the discovery. They could not believe it, thought she must have overlooked him, and ran in a body to the chamber. True enough, it was empty, and the bed had not much appearance of having been used on the previous night. They ran to the door which opened into tie close, and found it on the latch. William Sime declared that he had locked it tlhe night before, andleft the key on the inside; clearly therefore Walsh had departed, and by theb door hlie had made hiis exit. They looked at each other in blank and silent astonishment. Deborah was the first I to speak, and in indignant agitation she ex I claimed that Walsh had gone away to betray them-that hiis sorrow and contrition was all sI pretence, and that now their enemies would resume their machinations against them. I Willitam Sime echoed the same opinion. So did Nelly, and even Zmrs. Walsh, with tears and sobs, shook her head and feared it must (TO Bo CONTINUED.) 