.A MYSTERY IN WHITE A DETECTIVE STORY. "It's not more than a year ago," said the veteran detective when asked for a story, "that.I had the strangest experti ence of my career. That's saying some. thing, for, while'I'm not one of these men in novels who can put on half a dozen disguises in an evening or look at a little heap of cigar ashes and identify the man who smoked the cigar, I've seen a great deal that's way out of the' common. "An old gentleman named Denzi called at my office one afternoon to am ploy my professional services. I' knew him by reputation as a stern, grasping, money-niaking man who loved nothing but his possessions and his beautiful dmughter. On her he had lavished' wealth,..but had saddened her life Eby preveriti'ng her marriage to a imanly young chap who was a fitting match:for. her in appearance, attainments and dis position..-ie was fast making a record in the world of business, but it was a 'rich old bachelor who had passed the 'ears of romance and enjoyment that Denzil had elected to have as a son-in., law.' Even under the threat of disln heritance the girl would not yield to this mercenary arrangement, the result be ling a stralned state of neutrality which, left both aspirants for her hand withot-' any appare.thope of getting it. ".. "IMy caller went. direct to business. 'I'm a constant and heavy loser because of the theft of money and Jewels from my own house,' he told me. 'Things that are of the most value constantly any mysteriously disappear. Now don't start off with the usual questions about the servants. I have taken pains to test their honesty for years and they are above suspicion. I am completely in the dark, Without any theories to embarrass you or any explanations to help. You have the whole job without a ray of light thrown upon It, and f you find the thief there will be no haggling over the fee. It will be worth much to me to get thills worry off my mind. Burglars that make no noive or marks and leave one's house shut upas tight as a drum tend to shatter a man's nerves." "I went at.once into the country and neighborhood where Denzil li'ed, pre tending to look for a bit of land where I could build within easy reach of the city. I put up at a little roadside tavern touch frequented in the evening by farm hands. I was soon interested in their gossip about a ghost which they declar ed had been seen at different times and by different people. Their awed tones and scared faces fitted the subject, and there seemed to be some substantial foundation for the uncanny story. One husky young fellow who did not look as though he would be easily frightened told of his encounter: "'I war a gittin' home kinder late of a Sunday night, an' jist as I kim to th' woods ayond ole Denzil's, I mighty near had a cerlission with tih' ghos'. It warn't no white cow er gray Ioss er sheep er nothin' else as war flesh an' blood. It whizzed by me list like it war flyin' low an' orful swif' on a broomstick. A feller's got ter believe his own eyes, haln't he? I war never soberer in my life an' never so skeered. I bet my footprints war twenty feet apart th' res' of the way home, fur I had a ides that thar pesky thing war a satlin' 'long jist ahind my coat tails.' "I heard like experiences from several others, and in some way connected the 'ghost' with the Denzil robberies. For two nights I stood a dreary watch In the woods referred to without making any discovery. The third night I received a shock. It was intensely dark in the shadows of the trees, and as I sat at the root of a big oak some white object glided swiftly and noiselessly just above the centre of the road. It made the cold chill run over me, though I have no pa tience with those who tell of visits or communications with the departed. "I was determined to enlighten myself and secured a good saddle horse as com panion of my vigils. The second night the 'ghost' flew by and I galloped in its wake at all the speed my horse could command. A mile ahead the 'appari tion' swerved to the right of the road and ended our mad race. Tying 'my horse in a fence corner I crept nearer. Slowly I made out that the 'ghost' was a woman of stately proportions wearing nothing but daintly ruffled night robe. She leaned for a brlef time over th.thol low stump that had been her evident destination and' then turning mounted her flying machine,-which was a modern biicycle, and went scorching back over the course she had come. Again I followed and did not stop until I saw her disappear in the side door of the Denzil house. Hastening back to the hollow stump'I explored the interior." "And found the stolen property, of course." interrupted a listener. "Not a sign of it. I could discover nothing that did not naturally belong there. Falling to find the thief in the 'ghost,' I became a member of the Den all household,' ostensibly as his private secretary. My first discovery was that the 'ghsost' was the beautiful Maiss Den 71i. She was a somnambulist, and in utter ignorance of the weird night rides she had taken. But when told of them the explanation was an easy one. -. When she and her young lover were cliildren, that hollow stump had' been the post oflice where their ardent missives were mailed and called for. The memory of those days was a deliglhtful one to her and the strange mentor of her uncon scilous action prompted her vlsitso to the old spot. "My next importaf?t discovery explain ed the mystery I was'employed to solve. Watching secretly in the hallways, I saw old Denzil, with eyes wide open and set, come out of his chamber,'cllmb the stairs to the attic, unlock an old desk stored there, open a secret draw'er. arid deposit mnoney as well as Jewels. His action showed me that his daughter's habit of moving about at night was an Inherited one. The next morning he gave me a terrific blowing up as'a care less, incompetent and worthless: 'detec tlive who could not catch a thief when In the house with him. I was more in terested in that charming daughter of his than in my case, and a scheme flashed into my mind as If inspired. "'Mr Denzal,' I said, 'can you stand the shock of knowing that your daugh ter Is seriously threatened with tlihe loss of her mind because of brooding over separation from the man whom you say she shall never marry, and that because of her mental infirmity she is innocently robbing you under a delusion that in no other way can she provide forlthe fu ture happiness of herself,and that young chap she honestly thinks, poo? girl, she is going to marry?' ',"" " ''It's a Ie,' hIe roared, 'a 'miserable plot. You're discharged.',. ? ; "I did not take Miss Den'iit.ito my plans. I secretly transferred. all the stolen wealth to the old sluinp; had a trusted tfilcer on guard and thei told the old gentleman that I coul pirov'e all I had said and insisted on the right to vindicate myself. He and I Waiched at the primitive post-office till his daughter came, and repeated the conduct I have descrlbed. Then we brought out thile con cealed treasures. Denzil was beside himself for fear he might act too.late. HIe sent post haste for the young lover, made a handsome settlement, Insisted on an immediate wedding anrdl Ihad me as one of the guests. Did ever natchmaker do a slicker Job than I dld?"-"Free Press." 