THE LEXTEX PASTORAL LETTER To the Clergy and Faithful of the Diocese of Sale. Dearly Beloved Brethren in Jesus Christ,— As the first man was condemned for not having abstained from eating, notwithstanding the express command of God, so the Creator has prescribed fasting as a reparation for this first sin. It is the best means of avoiding the consequences of original sin, the best, l'einedy to restore peace of mind, to control the passions, and to bring our flesh under .subjection. " Excess in eating and drinking," says St. Ambrose, " has killed many a man, frugality lias killed no one ; immoderate use of wine has injured many a constitution, temperance has never done any harm. You invite your friends to a feast, and you lead them to death ; you ask them to a merry-uiaking, and you conduct them to a tomb ; you promise them the greatest delicacies, and you condemn them to the most exquisite tortui-es; you fill them with wine, and, lo! it is their poison." Intemperance may not be at this time more prevalent than it has been in the past; but we' are sadly conscious that it is one of the most destructive scourges by which modern society is cursed. It robs ite victim' of liis character,, his happiness, his reason—aye, and of his conscience. It robs his famtiyofevery' domestic and social comfort It robs ihis'children of the very necessaifei'of' life. Every 'motive' that shmucl in-, fluence the heart of an honest man, of; an honourable citize^'M.-^^ttffflJuLj husband, of a loving fathpr, oi;i 8lH-"l cere Christian, is contempjj^gifcjBuug aside by the slave of this degrading passion. He puts his -hono«r 5 his worldly interests, his lovie otifamily. his duty to God. in the scale" witli Lis insatiable appetite, and he prefers it,* gratification to every other considers* tion. Pictures of woetal wretchedness to effects of this beastly vice:. but every such picture, how vivid or ghastly ijte"itsoolaqrinsB>*BU6t fauihort of the dreadful - id 3 ard's life. It is a well known faoi that an industrious and diligent father of a family, who lives decently according to his condition, but practices due economy, can save a great deal and support himself and those who depend on him with very little expense. It is quite the contrary -with inveterate drunkards and those who spend their time in idleness; they squander all they have, until they are not able to meet the most necessary expenses of their household, and have to be satisfied with very poor fare in the end. There is no proof required to show the truth of this ; " Be not {n the feast* of great drinkers," says the Holy Ghost in the Book of Proverbs, "nor in their revellings, who contribute flesh to eat: Because they that give themselves to drinking, and that club together shall be consumed ; and drowsiness shall be clothed with rags." (Proverbs xxiii., 20, 21). A drunkard can never repair his losses; because, even if he got his drink for nothing, he makes himself incapable of attending to his business, by which he has to support himself and his family. Xo matter how successful a storekeeper is in trade; if he once gets fond of drink, then good-bye to his prosperity ; he will not keep his books properly, his customers will begin to desert him, he will neglect to push his business, and will lose his credit, in a word, 'lie will soon ruin himself. Who would have any dealings with such a man ? Oh, no, people would say, I am not going t» leave myself in the hands of a drunk ard like that! What can a farmer or a labourer do to support himself and his family if he is addicted to drink ? The land is untilled, the work is neglected, the last penny is spent for drink, and his house is falling to pieces for want of repairs. St. John Chrysostom says, "The drunkard is unfit for any kind of business;" he is good for nothing but drinking and spending money. What can this lead to but ruin V Xo matter how great a treasure is, if something is taken out of it every day, and nothing added to it, it must be soon exhausted. When a man has once become addicted to the wretched vice of drunkenness, his cure is almost hopeless. His carousing over night makes him thirsty again in the morning, and he is like one who has swallowed sea-water, which increases instead of taking away thirst, as the Holy Ghost says in the Book of Proverbs : " Look not upon the wine when it is yellow, when the colour thereof shineth in the glass. Thou shalt be as one sleeping in the midst of the sea; . . . And thou shalt say : When shall I awake and find wine again V" (Proverbs xxiii., 31, 34, 35.) His desire for. drink is preferred, not merely .to his domestic duties, but even to God Himself; and as one day ends in drinking the following day is commenced in the same way. " Have you ever seen a dog," says the philosopher Seneca, " standing by while his master is eating V His mouth waters, and his eyes are always fixed on his master; if the latter throws him a bit of bread he snaps at and swallows it in a moment, and, just as greedy as before, he stands there waiting for another bit. The same thing." continues the philosopher, " occurs with the drunkard ; he is never satisfied : what lie drinks to-day lasts only until he has slept it off, and when he has done so he longs for more." Thus one fit of drunkenness succeeds another, so that it is impossible to find him even partially soher except, perhaps, early in the morning. What can be the result of that but extravagance, ruin, and poverty, which will eventually compel the drunkard to give up his bad habit, for want of means V What madne.ss it is." says St. Augustine, "to poiudown one's throat in a day what should suflice to supply one decently with food and drink for three or four days, and to exhaust in a. few years by excessive drinUiUfr-^athat could have supported >mily for a whole life- >We must express our those unfortunate ife and family to other means of labour, but who besotting vice are shillings they thatf ^aad generally earn itiid'Sunday all drink they hav the week. As St. Ambrose says: "They drink in one day tfae labour and sweat q£ many <tgi3fe." They have not a decent coat on tfieir backs; they are eren de&Hfut;<> of^suffieient ;bread to keep body aud .som ! 1oseth v ej" during the week "; and when fhey rea'ch old age, Dr sickness -comes.;upon, them, so that tliey are not aMe f, to work, they have not a penny in. their pockets to buy bread for themselves and their families. St John Chrygostom says that a drunkard is a aQiegrace to humanity. And, what gr^atef-flhajne can .there be than tb degrade human nature from its dignity ? Man Is created to the image -and- likeness of God, he is ^only little inferior to the nIcmi«fTT « TIIAII i.wiikIA I*!*** « .iHf? 11 ?- ' Thou^11684 blm „ "tt'e lwis than the angel$" says the .S&^&wlK;^^Jft^SSS&SSi;^ names of fool and beast are too honourable to be applied to drunkards, St Basil calls the drunkard "One who tarns himself into a devil." Becfcuifie as Lucifer by bis pride and rebellion changed himself from an angel of light into a demon of darkness, so also the drunkard deliberately obscures his reason and deprives himself of his reasoning faculties. Lucifer deprived himself of his supernatural gifts, but there still remain to him his intellect, his knowledge, and his power of discernment. By drunkenness, therefore* a man does himself much moreharm, because he destroys not only the inward supernatural beauty of 1 he soul, which consists in sanctifying grace, hut also his natural gifts, his understanding, his memory, his reason, and even his very outward appearance , sometimes becomes brutalised. What , would you think of a man who deliberately invokes a demon and 'nvites him to take possession of his body ? Would not that be a fearful crime ? Could it be excused from mortal sin 7 Yet that is what the drunkard, man or woman, does. Man always carties about with him a very precious image, his .reason. Whose image is it ? It is that of the King of Kings, of Hi»a who is Master of all the potentates of Heaven and earth. II is the i.raage of the Almighty <5od, Who has /riven it to inan, as a token of His lore. Could a greater insult be offered to that image than to degrade it to the condition of a beast by drunkenness ? V is not without cause that God in ilis angel- threatened woes and maledictions by the Prophet Isaias : " Woe to you that l'ise up early iu the morning to follow drunkenness, and to drink till the evening to be inflamed with whie. . . . Therefore hath hell enlarged her soul, and opened her mouth without any bounds " (v. ii., 14). Not without cause does He ask in the, Book of Proverbs : "Who hath woe ? Surely. they that pass their time in wine, and! study to drink off their cups " fxxiii., 29, 30.) Not without cause has He pronounced the final sentence by St. Paul: " Nor shall drunkards possess the Kingdom of God." (I. Corinthians, vf.. 10.) Hear how God threatens drunkards, by the Prophet Jeremias: "In their! heart I will set them drink, and I will! make them drunk that they may slumber, and sleep an everlasting sleep, and, awake no more, saith the L/ord " (li„ | ?IJ).) These words may be applied to' nil who are addicted to drunkenness,! because the longer they indulge in this; dearading vice, the ttore they become attached fo it; 60 that they rtftfee to give it up, and are generally hiirtttd into eternity by a terribly sudd^h and unprovided death, without trufe iSmi^ and repentance for their sins. , St Caesarius, Bishop of ArleS, says: " Though drunkenness is indefed & gh&t; evil, and a heinous Vice tod jtwltfcful to God, yet it has been 60 sptk&d; by custom throughout the vtorid, that by some, who care hot to know* the coihmands of God, it is not thought br believed to be a sin at all; so that they ridicule those who cannot drink as much as others, and are not ashamed, by a cruel kind of friendship, ttf compel men to take more than they requiffe. It were less cruel to wound a M&a;'s body with a sword than thus to slay his soul by drunkenness. Is it wise to cliiig to a drunkard and to be feejjarated from God ? Oh, whit a: 'wt'etcfied world is this! Men forte dfunkards to go on drinking, and Will not giVe OBe cup to the poor man who bfejgs at their door. Oh ! if the pagans wio fenow not God did such things, ife should not wonder ; but how can Christians be guilty of such sTiaine whbm God Bas called out of darkn^s into His admirable light, and from death to life ? By the tremendous judgment xii God, I Adjure you not to be like the pagans iii drunkenness if you are unlike them in faith ; for even though you should not commit other crimes, yet drunkenness, if it is frequent and not amended and repented of, casts into the depths of hell, according to what is said: Drunkards shall hot posses® tile kingdom of God. . . . Alas! how- will priests have to render an account at the day of judgment for their people if they leave them in ignorance bf the greatness of this sin, and do not frequently preach to them of its fearful consequences." Violent passions foster in the Soul the vice of intemperance ; that monster, which wages so cruel a war on man. Go into the hospitals and ask What has chained so many poor creaturfes to those hard beds, where sleeplessness reigns, or fever maddens, or delirium revels ? —Intemperance ! Visit the prisons. What drove their wretched inmates to theft, to forgery, and to murder !— Intemperance ! What has destroyed that magnificent property Which usurers now parcel out in lots, and caused it to pass through the hands of so many new masters ?—Intemperance! Look out on the streets ; see those abject, ragged, and ill-looking wretches, who disgrace humanity by their consummate immorality, and who seem to start up from the earth in times Of convulsion and anarchy. What has made them the victims of fhfsksqttalid misery and appalling want fiftemperance! Were the gates of the infernal dungeons—where the reprobate who have lost all hope of heaven are imprisoned—to be laid open, we should find them filled with innumerable trophies of intemperance. X)eath should have it represented on his foanner.for never did the conqueror's Sword, or the poisonous breath of pestilence destroy so many lives ; where war and pestilence have killed a thousand, intemperance bas slain its tens*>t thousands. What strange infatuation! A malignant demon drags ills disciples to the abyss, which be conceals for awhile from their view by gome faded flowers, and leaves them. there—a prey to hunger, nakedness, sickness, dis- honour, and, what is still harder tof endure, +0 the remorse of their own <-onseieuce. What clamours wouid rise te . against Divine Providence were men to suffer for piety and virtue'** sake one half of what they endure in the service of Intemperance ! Oh ! the neglect the dreadful neglect of the drunken parent on Sundav. How greatly does not the disorderly life of the drunkard lessen the blessings of the Sunday for his household, tor his children ! His, baa example counteracts the pood impressions which that sacred day is so . well calculated td stamp on their minds. The drunkard Seldom or never goes to Maes. He ''.'"• ^ ' '-'—' '--n r 1 pa [ never goes to confession. Or, if he •does, It fs'daly to tali a lie to the Holy Ghost, for he promises to abstain from drink, and ho breaks lite promise as soon as he has made it How many homes are wrecked because the mother and the wife has fallen uhdej the power of this teihpfatld'n t fiot* mtjch ; misery ; hott mihiy b&kett; heaM ; h6W many husbands dnton from homfe; how many cMldrfen aeglected and coining to niisfcry and <5haaie by t&6 intemperance of their mothers I These aremysteries which Will never be known until the Last Day ; and, therefore, thiB sin is not one sin only, but the, great sin which, leads to others, and which is high treason against the very nature of man. When God upbraided the Israelites by the mouth of His prophet, He named all their wicked crimes one,by one. " There is," saith the Lord, " no truth, there is ho mefcy, there is ho kfioWeflge of God in the land. Crirfeing, and lyiiltf, and killing, arid theft, and adultery have overflowed, and Mood bath touched ivucueu blood." 0100a." And Ana tnen, theh, as if If to 1 I sum up all these grievous crimes in one I mnsf most grievous STipvnna crime. primo God nml says: OQITC. ."»mi» Thy people are as they that contradict the priest." (Osee chap, iv.) This ter- rible truth is the last degree of wickedness to which sinners can come; for he who contradicts the priests of God contradicts God Himself. The misfortune of this kind tt meh 3S ^uch that the Apostle, with tears in his eyes, can only deplore their blindness aha look upon their misery as meriting God's vengeance: yofc weeping, that th _ x the cross of Christ ;/wh»Se truction, and whos ' shame." fPhilippi., Whilst we contemj of those misguided W dieted to the degradjn perance, we must not for them the God of all provided an efficacious remedy, _ wilJ only use it. "Do pittance, He says, and live." He confirms His promise of life to the repentant by an oath the most tremendous that even the Almighty Himself can make—He swears by His eternal existence that He longs to pardon and receive the penitent: " As I live, says the Lord, I will not the death of the wicked but that the wicked turn from his way, and live." (Ezechiel xxxiii., H.) Onr Lord on the Cross spoke seven words which were heard distinctly The fifth of these words was: " i thirst." O, yes, I thirst, but rather to suffer more for the love of men than to driuk a little liquid to refresh my body. See the ardour of our dear Lord's love fof you ! Had He not suffered enough without desiring more tx> testify His love for you V Corres- j pOTd, then, to that burning love, and suffer something for Him. The whole of Lent is a preparation for Holy Week when we solemnly commemorate the Pafmion find Death of our Lord; each Friday is dedicated to the memory of some one of the mysteries of His Passion , The Stations of the Cross should be frequently performed at this time, and we earnestly .exhwt you to assist Tlaily during Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, wbicli calls back to our minds the memory of His Passimi and where is shown fortli the Death of the Lord, until He come Obese devout practices, if carefully attended to and earnestly performed caunot fail to kiiidle in vour S a tender and solid devotion to the Pas- °f. oU r ^rd, and to impress you with the importance which that lesson e&VD; IZf™- e ° f * exl »»t rou to fnrm I OU « ai a j s possible, to conhr ^P^116 <lf prescribed ^v the Ohurch during r^nt, now that the conditions of that law have how the duty 0f practising alms-d^ds is incxmibent on all, but more e7peSy J?T e H ' 110 veJlm - h of their ihfirmiiies or from other causes are dis 1) 1 S ^ u . s - Beloved Brethren iu Christ impress upon you thfe necessity of bavni i v J « ln chtMrea 'c < Plicated in I pfltholic Schools, where their hearts tl,aine(iln suchamaXr ^l? 1^11 ahd tUei ' l ' brents. Pro tl fz^ 9 01806111 dioeeseX th e «i»-eofthe efficient ahd devoted Sisters of Notre Dame de Sfon fl?!,^' R , 1,e . c , ial atten «on nwrtSS:ft mir Primary schools. The poorest community in the country we have bad to meet and make heTrt asafnst. enormous dlfflcukiL fem-growing need ftor chur<Ses Ife^t^vheu 0unaertblneSsSS^ SSsrythe has ever recorded f calmly on,- and hears UasnoTed B<« fc&M; pti&iio; faith ia ttf^S of aJI treaty-sanctJons between and »atiOfc as between rnaa ii ' Yon are . aware that In eveW • a^-qiadiedraj, tt Any parish, ^fi thrifts® tote, as- it dfes to that ih sitaated. It the fcothawawch ®! Ifte diocese^ flad Wtcfe it hria a ^ ^ tor support on aH the fflitarful Xwf ren who owe spiritual allegiance.to the Bishop. We-beg, therefore, fo rmal you, dear children in ^Christ, that is a long-standing dfebt.of neafly tld thousand .pounds femairujig due 'tfM if every, faniily an tlie fficr^ tfi^a^ htfle effort to ^iiaJble W to. ^ito Kiw that dfetff, we shoaid W> i gra^fe reSpdhBibillty, aftid have the cow sdjatloh of pfftseHti&g; you* Otthedraii fr6e of All liaWUiy, to th& all good gim, through the hands *>f 0u» holy Patron, our Lady of Pernetuai Succour, who Bever fails to suceoAr he¥ »er devoted oevotea, children. Next, Next;/th^ thatre is the fund for ecclesiastical studente • and ^ tliaiu . ic A f.Via <=^esia«ui;a,i ' jsiuaents _ . . .,* ; and there is the school fund, whOse object is to rescue and protefct otit little, on^S the hope of thi futiftr^ rtE the faith ,M this cottatry, fMa mm irreligious teaching. Wfffi ujion our means at tfnee* so tad urgeM, we h§ed, dear firethten iA Jeetfs Christ, both- eiicotiragtement; rrdm on High, and the promise of lasting reward, to move us effectually to make great and really meritorious sacrifices, Remember > fathers and mothers that the day will come wfieiL standing before the jud^ment^St Of,God, you will have to gife id of your reSpoTasibiJttieS towards fdur ehildwn. To av6i'd MtM&h; id^tosteraatkm otf that dr^U!¥uI dfty 0 Jhat yoili 1 childreii are edftcated in Jffflie' Schools, -where they toe 'sttrngmehM ia their faith, and constantly taught, to hate sin . and to love and practise virtue. .Finally, not wishing to fall,into the hands of God avenging the Death of His Son, let us think seriously <o£ mating an excellent use of that Death applying to ourselves its niertts And fruits, so that what is the ba'sis'of bifr salvation may riot become ocba^ion of our ruin. " When our LoM shall to judge us," says St. Augustine, He win surely give us what He has promised, but He' will likewise demand an account , of what He has already g^ven us, and of what He bas done to redeem us. Bemeiqher that having been ransomed with; mercy, you will be judged with justice." -May the grace of our. Loi^d jeAis Christ be with you jill, Ahieict. 1 ' •P JAMES I'RAilQfS, Bishop of Sale. Given at Sale, Quinquagesiina Siihdiy, 189a REGULATIONS FOE THE lENTEN 1856. The following dispensations are granted by authority of the Holy See for the Lent of 1896;— I. tS\t hose wio are !K>un d to fast, (By those who are bound to fast are ineant those /who have completed their twenfy- firet yeai- and who are aot exby reason of old age, hard labcrtir. f l n ^ S i K ^ * * 1 Ff May ^aloljll Wednesday and. Oped or illness.) ' JJSH 1 ?^ flowed only attJie feGfrt.otfall days, except Wee- ^ PrfdaVg;- BmW'Satora^y Hdg w S ary) Aa6 the ' .2. Eggs; Cheese, lard, or drijteiujr aie ^iust not ^cc^d e ght,prances as aUlowed in m indftifc 0 !^^-^ Pi? offifer m m vegetables, .fritit, or fioiiey. : ' Jr A W 1 fcollatfofl, wte aj%st not evenWg^ ^ancfes ' ^b® taken Hi tie . 5. OH Sfihdayg. arid on St. Patrick's Srtbe«L abstinence is pre- II. 2\. Mesh meat may be taken at every mefil. . It is prohibited on Wednesdays and Fridays, Ember Saturday (29th February), and Mohday in Holv Week.. , , . 3\. Eggsj cheese, lard, or dripping aire allowed at all miSals. Their ub& is not permitted oh Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. , 4\. The tase ot milk and butter is not permitted on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. m. > Fpr those who are dispensed fnom fasting or abstinence, or from both. By those who arfe hot bound to fa^t are jineaiit only those .Who, by reason of their age, br their labour, or their illness, are exempt from tlie obligation of fasting, arid, therefore, require ho dispensation. Those who, though hot exempt by the law of the Church, are, by, ecclesiastical authority, fbr perscHial ahd sufficient reasons, dispensed from fasting, or abstinence, will keep strictly within the liinits of their dis- Oh those days, Sundays and St. .Patrick's Day included, oh which flesh meat is ta"ken, the use of fish at the samp meal is forbidden under pain of grievous sin. The sable rule applies to all fasting days throughout the year ; and it is of obligation even upon those who are not bound to fast. Those who have any doubtof their obligation will apply to the local Clergy, to whom we give permission to grant further dispensations, according to the circumstances 6f individual cases. . The time for fulfilling the precept of JEftSter Communion is from Ash Wednesday till tile Octave day of the Feast of Saints Peter and Paul (Gth July). . . . The r. Clergy wlill fix a convenient hour for, the daily SJass and evening devotions, with instruction, at which it is most desirable that all should attend during Lent, -whenever it is possible. All,.who cannot assist at the public devotions in a church or chapel, are ejirfiestly exhorted to assemble their families in the evening, for the pious recitation of the Rosary and the Litany of our Blessed Lady. Bishop «3f Sale. Sale, Quinqnagesima Sunday, 1S9G. * JAMES FRANCIS, 