BRIEF NOTES AND COMMENTS. Towong Shire going for a new engineer. Branch of Hibernian Society opened at Yackandandah. N.S.W. Government prohibit net-fish ing in the Murray. Queensland Government have ordered •10 locomotives at £2390 oach. Mrs. Parnell, widow of the Irish patriot, has gone mad in New York. The plant known as Cape Tulip pro claimed a thistle throughout tho colony. Sweet-briar and furze thistles in Beech worth Shire. 60 miners wero knocked off work at tho Prontico Freehold, Ruthorglou, last week. This is said to be ouly a temporary reduction. Wangaratta blacksmith named West lost sight of ono oyo through being hit by a splash of red-hot iron. Fredk. Herne, a remittance man, shot himself at St. Hilda, while in a fit of despondency through non-arrival of his usual remittance. South Molbourno baker, being un- j successful iu his attempt to “ square" an inspector, was fined £14 18s. for short weight broad. Luw-makor and law-brenker! Col lingwood councillor fined £5 and £o costs for depositing nightsoil on a garden in tho city. Two men went to Molbourno Opera house, from tho gallery of which thoy amused thomsolves by squirting tobacco juico on the heads of pooplo below. Each fined £5 or a month. Wangaratta Horticultural Society offers 2s. fid. per 100 for sparrows’ eggs. Society hns already purchased 1000 eggs, and its efforts are appreciated by fruit growers. For first time in 30 years there wore no cases listed at Carlton, Fitzroy and Collingwood courts on tho morning after Now Year's Day. Sydney police magistrate refusod to renew licenses of 100 Syrian hawkers, who he holds to bo a ourso to tho country. Professor Davis, n Molbourno quack, arrested for manslaughter of a woman ho was treating for cancer in the stomach. His treatment was ointment which caused ulceration and had eaten out a large hole in tho abdomen. In collecting publicans’ licenso revenue, ono of the Treasury clorks made a mistake, and found at the end of tho day that his cash was £2o short. Some hotelkeeper has got the benefit of this, and the poor clerk will suffer unless the bouifacois honest enough to “ stump up.” Friday last was a busy day at the Customs office, owing to reduction of duties. Nearly £30,000 taken. Wm. Proctor, cook at Hawthorn, got a fit of the “ blues,” and placing Lis neck on a railway line, ended his earthly trouble. For “putting his thumb to his nose and stretching out his fingers” at the public, Stevenson, the jockey who won the Melbourne Cup on Auraria, has been disqualified for three months. A miner named Herman has died of starv ation at Wheeler's Creek. Poor fellow was a “hatter.” Ho took sick, and was unable to make his way to any noighbor. Ho tacked to a treo a notice which attracted the atten tion of a traveller, who found Herman in a very feoblo state—so low that the poor follow yielded up tho ghost while the Good Samar itan went in quest of creature comforts for the lonely sufferer. 