Tlic Sketclicr. .Some Scottish Gliosis* Castles and Mansions that arc Haunted .Scotland. tin- land <il- deep enthusiasm mill poetic Cccllii^, IN csscnUiilly a hind <lf superstition; witness the lll'lii belief of the peasantry iu the weird traditions of I In' West 'mil tlio Highlands, iu tin.' un canny ;i])|ini'iiinns, forebodet-s of evii to 11)t' family to whom they belong, nud their avoid,i nee ol' the so-called abodes of ghosts ami evil spirits. Nor do tlicy stand alone in their beliefs ; among the miiier class credcuce Is given to much tliut is supernatural, aud uot without cause, as tlie history of the ancient Castle of (ilamls lu Forfarshire relates. Although the whole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, ono chamber in particular is known as tlie " Haunted Kooin." aud across to iliis fearsome place is ouly kuown to Lord .Strathmore, his heir, aud tlie factor. Tlicre is no doubt whatever about the noises ; one High l when they wolv? more weird aud unearthly than usual, the present Karl, with several chosen com panions, determined to investigate the cause, anil went to the room, llariliy hud iiis lordship opened tiie door, when he fell ba-.-k swooning. Nor could he ever be persuaded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subject. One old story is that during a feud between the Lindsays anil Ogilvies siiiue of the latter clau, iu flight from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owuer of Claims. lie gave them shelter In this room; but, under plea of hiding llielii, left tiicm there to starve. It may have been the sight of tlie ghastly re mains which startled the Karl, but what ever it was is still :i secret. Another story is that of " Karl Patie," celebrated for many vices, hut above nil for that of gambling. Lie played continually, hob nobbing with ills humblest servitor, could lie not obtaiu another partner. However, one " Lord's Day" 110 one could he persunded to play with liim. Tlie chaplaia heaped nuuthemafi ou the head of any one who dared to desecrate the "SawbatU" by touching the "'Devil's bricks," as he designated cards. liarl Patio, rather than he thwarted In Ills desire, invoking the " l'oiii tleud"' to be his partuer, locked himself iuto Ills room. Tlie "dell" came, and then tlie fun was fast nud furious ; curses, oaths, aud shrieks terrified the Inmates, and the butler, uravcr thou the rest, putting his eye to tlie keyhole, had It sorely scorched for his curiosity. The Earl, coming out for a minute to get the wherewithal to settle up with, returned only to find the room empty, and no where could uuy tinea of his ghostly comrade be fouud. After his death, five years later, the same noises were con stantly beard lssuiug from the room and along the corridors. AUaubniiB, the seat, of the Stuarts, Is hauutcd by the ghost of " Pearlln .Teau." She was the wife of the first baronet, aud a Frenchwoman, whom he married iu Paris aud deserted. Wlicu returniug to lils native land she appeared at the last moment to hid him good-bye, and stood ou tlie forcwheel of the coacli to address hlui. Much aunoyeil, he bade the postillion drive 011; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, when driving uuder the a relied cntrauce gateway, Sir Robert sow " Pearliu Jean" sitting ou the top, her liond nud shoulders covered with blood, and for yen in the rustle of silk mid patter of Louis XV. heels was beard along the passages. There Is perhaps no more notorious gloat than the " Alrlle Drummer" ; his haunt Is au ancient stronghold, Cor tnehy Castle, belonging to the Hurls of Alrllu. Whenever his drum is heard those round take it as a sure token of the speedy <le«tli of one of the Ogilvle family. The origin of tlie story is that the jealousy of a former Lord of Airlle was roused eilher by the drummer or the ofilcer whose messenger he was. In rage he thrust the tiuti Into his drum, and Hung him out of the window of the tower iu which the music Is usually heard. The victim threatened, If his life were taken, to luiunt the family, aud he has been as good or rather as bad as his word. The music of the hapless drummer lias often beeu heard, and quite recently, within the memory of those living; In 1844 before the death of Lady Afrlle, and in 1841) before the death of the ninth Karl. Kpcdllu's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress, was long haunted by tlie spirit of a miller named l'orteous, who, being suspected of ursou, was fncnrcerated «n the dungeon by Sir Alex, .lardlue. Uav iug occasion to go away from home, he forgot all nl>out his prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was he dead than bis ghost began to torment tlie family, and gave tht-ui uo rest night or day. At last, by the aid of several ministers,, tlie demon was exorcised, anil a Bible was placed lu a niche iu his cell. Years after It was thought necessary to have tlie Bible rebound. Accordingly It was seut to Hdluburgh for that purpose. It had uot beeu long <111 Its way before the ghost left Its dun geoii, fled over the river to the new home to which the family had recently removed, hauled the baronet aud his wife out or bed, causing much terror and disturbance. Only through return ing tlie Bible to Its niche lu Its old con dition was Porteous's revengeful ghost unlet ed, and peace agalu restored. | WoodliouKo Lee. the seat of tlie Frnser I T.vllers, Is visited by the spirit of Lndy Hamilton, of Hothwellhaugli. Her hus band Is known as the murderer of the ItegeiitMurmyat Linlithgow in 185!),aud surely no assusslu hud ever greater pro vocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton wns from liotne, tlie llcgeut seized liis house, turned Ills wife aud child out miked into the lields; before morn she was a raving lunatic, her Infant dead, pro bably murdered, and mnv her resfless spirit haunts the abode of her former happiness. Part of the masonry of the old building was used for the present mansion, which is built. 011 the Pcnthmd Hills, four miles distant from the scene of the tragedy ; and but a few years ago the domestics were terrified by the apparition of 11 lady robed iu while holding a child lu her arms, which shows the spectre is stlit faithful to her old home. The Inverar.v ghost is another well autlieiitleateil story, the hearse of which drives up to the door of the Castle be fore the decease of any menthol' of (lie Argyll family. It Is said, during the illness of the late ntteliess. that two of (lie servants 111 liivernr.v. while resting 1 In the gloaming, heard the noise of 1 wheels, imliarrcd the great door of the eiilranee-hall. ami, on opening il. found nothing there. Shortly afterwards I they heard of (lie death of their mis tress. | l>uuvcgaii, the home of the Muclcods, llip olili'Hl inlinhitpil onstlp of Scotland, Is vislloil liy thorn; dclljilitfiil spirits fairies. Tln'ie is still (he fairy llim, jujivon coiilurlc-s iiyo to 1 hi' Clilof of Mnclooil liy tlic falrlps, nml which al ways brought 1 lx'iu victory when they tool: il into liattlo. A room in the tow.'r is dpvotpil to tiiL'in. nmsip awl dtincinji arc (i It en heard, hnl nil vanishes when tljo door is ojieu.-" Gentlewoman." 