Romance op: Iaoriland. (COPYRIGHT.) ‘ ON THE WAIKATO, ATHA. WE STB UR Y. CHAPTER V.—Continued. ] The dog stood watching me as I tried first the door and then the win- ‘ dow, to gain admittance. Going fur ther round to an angle of the building, 1 where there had recently been added 1 an additional room, I discovered that < the small window therein yielded to ' my hand. It was what is known as a 1 cottage window and very small,-but, ( after much tribulation, I managed to squeeze my body through it and 1 found myself -in a room as dark as Hades. 1 I carefully groped about me, not < wishing to give any needless alarm. .1 ’ could distinctly hear some one'snoring soundly, the noise being a'good imita \- _Uon of the lower notes of a French horn. Guided by the sound, 1 laid my hand on a plump form slumbering peacefully on a stump, bedstead.'. T shook the sluniberer somewhat roughly. In an instant the snoring ceased .giving place to a girl’s voice, that called out in accents of alarm, but with an unmis takable northern patio* : “ What the duel’s that?” “ Hush, my girl! It’s only—” “Wha .are ye?” she cried, sitting bolt upright and stretching forth her arms. “ Is it a ghaist that touched me? The Lord save us and bless us ! it’s no canny to be haunted,” she mut tered, in a lower Key and with trembl ing lips. “ I am not a ghost,” I returned, in a reassuring tone. Have you matches' and candle handy ?” “ Matches ? What gars ye speak of matches? Tak yersel awa.” If my life had been at stake I could ; not have held in the hearty guffaw' that ■ escapedmelike a rifle crack at the tone of her voice and words. “ Ah, ids a poor gate when ane meets auld Cloutie!” she cried, beginning to sob. “ Blessed saints, save me from the unco wain 1” My laughter rang out again and the Newfoundland began to bark. “ My good w'oman, don't you hear that I am only a man ?—a being of flesh andblood, like yourself ?” I an swered, giving her another shake. “ A man !” she ejaculated, in quite another tone of voice. 11 How dare you come in a decent lassie's room at this time of nicht? How dare you do it?” “ Listen to me for a minute.” “ I’ll no listen to sic a foul carlie,”; she responded quickly. ‘‘Shame on ye, mon, to come sneaking tae one’s room when all the rest o’ the house are —sleeping.” “ Confound it 1 Will you listen to me while I explain ?” “Gang awa wi ye the same way ye cam, or I’ll rouse the captain,” she cried, sharply, raising her voice to a higher pilch. “ Come, march, out ye go through the window.” “Which is Captain .‘Hey wood’s . room?” . ■ “Which? Ah! .ye w'ould be at murder you villain ?” she answered, fumbling for the candlestick. “My dear madam, believe me I am—” ■ " “ Don’t fash yoursel’,: mon, with sweet words,” replied my invisible com panion. “ Keep your blarney to cool your porridge. I’m no your dear madam, ye'ugly loon; and riot 'to be bamboozled by fair blather. Do ye think I don’t ken ye, Maister Davie Brock? Although ye are trying to change your voice ! I ken ye, my lad 1 And what's more, I’ll tell the captain what a false carle ye are, if I live to see the morn!” The welcome greeting of a match struck my ear as she concluded and in stantly the room was illumined. “Why, you are no Davie, after.a’! ” she cried, gazing at my blood-stained face and torn habiliments in amaze ment. “ Certainly not, I replied, gravely. “ If you had only condescended to listen to me for a moment I would have explained my being here at this hour.” ’ “ Oh, you would, eh ? Well, what do ye want ?’’ eyeing me suspici ously. “ I have an important communication to make to Captain Heywood without delay.” __ “ Gang to the hut o’ the men yonder aiid seethe Gaptain-jn themorning,,’ she said. “ I mus see him" at once." “Ye must?" “I must!” “ Aweel, then, gang and see him; and, I say, have the manners to close the window after ye.” A brave, brawny wench, this, with a round, fair face, big, honest eyes and arms as strong and muscular as a vil lage blacksmith, fit to' go into.the wil derness in co-partnership with1 some young and hardy settler to hew out of the primitive chaos a home and fortune for her progeny. .... I objected to make my exit through the window and begged that she would awaken Captain Heywood, as my in formation concerned the safety of the station. • ■ “ I canna go to the ’maister in my sark!” she cried, in 'some, confusion'. “ Gang out at th6 window for just two minutes and then I'll be ready to do your bidding.” I was out of the window in a crack, and was shortly, afterwards. joined by my maid, who without rmorc ado led me to round to a side door and rang a bell. 1’resently a head was thrust forth with an old-fashincd nightcap thereon, fionr one of the windows. ■ “ What’s the matter ?“ called a voice resembling the sharp grating of a hand-! saw on a nail. “ Here's a man wants to speak wi ye, I sir. .' Particular business.” , I Tell the man to go tq — Jeri- i cho!” responded the voice and the < head and nightcap disappeared; but 1 in:-a moment a tall, thin figure i emerged round the corner of the vcr- 1 andah,-clad scantily and bearing-in his hand a candle.' . ; ■ •> I I suggested that the maid should re- 1 tire, as what .1 had to say was quite \ confidential, whereupon the captain i (for it was he) held the light above his 1 head and look a critical survey of my \ tout ensemble. “ I’ll take your figure - head for your t honesty, but, as for the rest of you, 1 hang me, you seem to have experi- c enced rough weather,” he said coolly, t “ I’m an old sea dog and not to be j bamboozled by humbug, Now, what t d’ye want?” £ I told my errand in. twenty words, ] but not before the girl had retired. 1 “ Phew !" whistled the mariner; “ is ; the wind in that quarter ? Well, I’ll I contrive the dogs a warm reception 1 when they do come. How many did I you say there were ?’’ • • ■ "• I “About fifty, Captain Heywood, as < hear as I could calculate.” 1 “ Humph ! rather long odds. Never mind, sir, come in." I followed-him through a pairof fold ing doors into a well-carpeted and lofty 1 apartment, furnished most luxuriously. I By the soft light of a costly bronze '■ lamp which the captain lit, I saw that '• no vulgar taste had suggested the fur- i niture and belongings of this apart ment. From the thick maroon cur- I tains to the soft, delicate-tinted paper ! on the walls, there was exquisite har- ; mony, blended with artistic design. < Nothing loud or showy cheek by jowl < with rare bric-a-brac here. 1 I have known people with more i money than taste make a furniture mart of their homes. Others, again, who had abundant taste and very little i money, have managed to make home comfortable and even elegant. In this : apartment there was wealth and cle- / gance combined; and the effect was charming. The captain, who' appeared to be a hardy son of Neptune, verging on fifty five and with a jolly, good-humored face, bade me be seated and requested me to give him a detailed account of what I had seen and heard. Not satisfied with this, I had to give a per sonal account of myself as to how I became be-nighted in the Manaka hills on the Waikato. The request seemed reasonable and I gratified him, just touching so much. of my history as merged into tlic ques tion at issue. “ And so your name is Frank Leigh, you say ?” “ Yes; here is my card.” - “ Card !” he echoed in surprise;11 do you carry cards ?’’ .• “Certainly, Captain Heywood.” • “ Of course; no offence, my lad.” “Leigh—Leigh?” he repeated to himself. “Leigh? I know that name well enough. What part of the old country do you hail from ?” “ A little township called Tetley,- in Lincolnshire,” I replied, smiling. “The devil!” cried the captain, starting suddenly to his feet. “No, sir, I said Tetley,” cried I, laughing. : .. “ So you did, niy lad. -.Why, hang me, f: was born within three miles of it,” ejaculated the* old fellow, with much energy. “ I knew a Colonel ■; Leigh who-lost an arm at the battle of \ Waterloo. He lived in an old tumbled down ruin called ‘The l’illars,’ about half-a-milc out_of-Tetley.” “The. colonel was my grandfather, Captain Heywood. .-I . was horn like my father before me—at1 The Pil lars.’ ” : . “ You don’t say so! • Give me your fin, my boy. Hang me, I’m glad to meet yon;” he cried, with genuine plea sure beaming from his eyes. “ Lord love you, I’ve stolen many a ton of apples out of the old colonel’s garden when I was a younker. And what a terror he was to gipsies and tramps and the like, with his one arm and his thick cane and his big, rough voice. Why, I remember him as well as if I’d only left the old country yesterday, and I’ve been on the Waikato these twenty years.” Once started on the topic of his birthplace, the captain went on for over an hour with rapid questions relative to men and events which <had passed. into oblivion before I was born. It was useless for me to remind him of the pressing danger which hung over Fern Cliff. Not until grey dawn began to peep in at the window did he desist. Then he kindly led me to a spare bed room, and placing a decent suit of tweed at my disposal, begged me to : make hy house my home or run away out of- the threatened danger, as I pleased. 