' u THE 1 r. ; C r,nf fhlh o1' i; a,. ' ! \--we avnot' Be meue 'tbttn-elght hun- iiWU Jaiielro, -But it. Is toil f !iiofii t :Ma A" 'A ay. IBlnce We.lelt tfi"#?gfTHe' SbfeBfld 'tvfee»iDut we (struck Partis WwdkasfettoalitrUSpEd : the, blades <ift our -propeller .'besidbs i ractu?(ng the shaft J 'do not belittle we moved two miles ill' any dlneottom after, bhat. But worse xvas to conje,. it , One. day.,, what. .typj troagjned was yel low fever broke out arflongst ds! First, Ferrand, the chief cnglneeH died; Then one n'ftbr thh otltortlic officers Eufcumb- cd. Our doctor.'>a sueBt pf..tie Marquis de ia,, Forest ier and.ipyself, ,had been left, with tour ether mejubers of our ,.arty, in 'rio. 'theY ' v.'erb to rejoin us at Fernambuco, for which port we.were- Jlibund when wo 'lost our -errpW and struck this windlass !>elt and were-boar- ,ided, by - Death. One, piornin, at break- fast, tbo marquis Eimself Svds taken ill, \t noon, my friend aud old 'schoolfellow, died in m'vrarths.' STo surpltlon liad any of us that it wbS augUt'bnt.fever. .The symptoms werf ?aactly a?f'e bad heard when ushore-nexcesslVA retching, agon ised spasms, death', -fas!' Mri lftd no doctor, and, amongst us all, no medical knowledge! - And it was calm — always calm. And we'lhy -andswteredinintnle??. And ot short intervals men died. The offi cers w?re all gone. Then , in one day live of the sailors died— five, do ybu un derstand ?-one atte« iheflieV. .. The survivors, wild w>tli fear. ..declared that La Pucelle was accursed, doomed to lot where ebc lav! And, seiaHlg two of the hbhts,' they pulled away! They implored us to' join thero.' But we preferred to stay' ana take out chance. There had been no deaths f6r twenty-tour, hours. 15e Uicv went. -On board were now left only myself, Jepn d'Auvergn, .better known as the Baron de. Cllchy; my friend, Antolne de Ceyepne, Sippr de Dcaupere, and the steward, a palive of Ajacci'o In Cototoa. who also refused to leave 'the ship'.' Evidently the. plague had ceased. But week after week we lay like a log In the sun's eye; night after night, and. day by day, and hour by hour, did we pray and watcn for wind to fill our little sails, and at least take us from amidst the, graves of our dead Shipmates, the monstere w.no caused to swim about in the stagnant water, watching for more victims. And ever the -calm stood; and To 'Rave our selves from madness, we worked hard at cleaning and scraping" and painting the vessel. .... For some time the steward had been acting In a strange and most of fensive manner, insisting, amongst other things, that, as' we were now all equal, hfe should take his meals with us in the cabin. Naturally, ve re sisted this innovation. One -day, .words waxed hot between "hims'elf,,and. An- ;toine.- De Ceyenne struck him- His threats were awful. "Ferra n d ' struck me once!" -he concluded. ."NYhere is Ferrand now? "Where are the'y, all, toy. accursed masters?'' Then a horrid "sus picion came into my mind, and- 1 deter mined to watdh him closely for at least tile next twenty-four lio.urs. .But .such a length waa /unnecessary. . washing the blood from his face,, he, went straight to his jtentry. Stealthily I fol lowed, and saw Elm Jake a -square glass bottle from one.of the sjifclyefe. Holding It upi to the lightuhe grinned, and mut tered to himself in ItaJian— "Fool that r was to spare' them! .Soon shall th& fever return! ' Then 'there will be but Pone master -on La Fucelle!" With a shout to Antoinejp the sqlooTTr the next jplute- 1 had (the i miscreant 'by tHfe Thoit/ He/ffiUght like aJ fury- Bflt ye. masiei'ed .him! /The 'bottle con- .tained arsvqic stojeh'.'f the 'dispen sary. He had not . even: thft. pxcuse of Jtisahlty'toi when' at last, securely, bqiiiid, we'"" daisied "him: on "deck, he .sjjed, :jn.a 'ttqr-fact; fcojablbod- ed toshionj/of, the rpgee.had'tbkeD, AniHfeeotold ,us. . tpp;ariuu . hq ' -hut spdred'e for a shdrt time, jonger: be- :caTisef bf "fhe 'plfeasure 'it-gave him to Uie 'lfet, of i pos- seseion Eewna lpth ftp part with. ./'But the poor -seamen, with xvliom ydp had nothinjg to do?'' queHed Ahtolnc, in a voice of horror' ."The lust to kill comes ' by . kUling/' replied /tiie," wretch with a iaugln And he would' speAk po more, indeed, he had but lLitle time- . Fac 'more merciful than he had .been, we hurled hlm'overbdffrd. The "next minute .tlib xvalcliers took/him, leaving only 3 red stain , on thp gtlJl water, toshow; the end of the wholesale. jiivrd'ejrer. . And now the ship/became utterly in supportable. . .At'.eveiy'tunfrtj iff®1 tba ghosts of ;iour popr , polsdh'd ' friends, Strangely enough, , hefpre i this /know ledge no such- thoughts had. ever troub led Us. Now Martd! the captain, Fer- ahd the englneer'blUfC' old Joyeuse the Jrnate,. the marpu' .%nd hers hovared aroiindts.. aJJ/'ith .distorted faces and despairing, -gestures, their Mihe£ still nbapipeaOed. Tp-day ure -take the ikrgpr ot the 'rtvo rebiainlhg boats. proyiipn', w.atpr Tv 'have an ample supply.; gafeweU,. fc. vnown reader! . Berhapfi; renCbthls , meets your, eye, we may haye joined ibur ffiend9 oyer yoh'&er.; : in the good God arijf thb krfts,ff9l':Wi6re"'thhti all. in qyr duel., «Opjpe 'mpr/aflleu!-r:-'Pub' lie Opinipn.1! .. lady's tailor tolls (of a practicnl joko played upon- a lady who advertised for h conii>ftVii on , xvhd «!U6t>"t>e'» 'domesti cated, early risoof good tippsdranco, ljmgiqaJ, some exnerlqijee of 'flurslhg; ai)s1rflfft!r refo3T6fl.' ; A . wag sent a hampewit'fmP'tatmr 'cht in- ?sidpvTaiid - this "iu3erjj)tiqiK poached: "The eudosfnliJe donicsii i.catpd n u c«ellbnt: vocalist, -haA<3in lAmloblc qwsltldn. ifi a xisef uIV3brfi|>oiiiou,m)d an 'qnrly'Tlsbr. !.8hfe lida 'brought OptflJarge familvi ahd Is tm' bxpbrienced'uurse. Slie is a tbtal abstiilnfe, oDly re quires a comioieiiie'.'' "Tliey lovQhiilpiost fbr th6 enemies he has dJiade/'-rThiS .¥18... the- reason glven Jjy Geuer&l; Bragg 4JUe JJemo- erotic Gon veution .'.of -1684. why the ydungLih<& bftf)fe<Gnited'States were in fiivpi-'iof1' Gybver" /GlclanH. .These patchy Wrai$f ha vb "1 1 <klrtded- 'great xvdfght'af the PifdoflrtatjCbheDrions. Mr Riynn, 4puhtless, xvns lfully iiware of that floct.when he.JHcpiyjd Llpjself in regard to bis silver oruspde jto/4Peter the Hermit" "Everlastingly right" wa® the phrase witb"hl<fh "Garfield TBtlrre® n OonyeDtlbfl/ata'd fe'ecured aominatloiu 