f A STRANGE COMPANION. . \- "Dead men tell 'ho tales.. ' Humph ! ' know- better. ;Never belidve such an absurd ; assertion, madam." ' ' It was. a, tall, thin gentleman, with a gloomy countenance, and a hat "of the som- brero, style, who made this . remark to. me; arid he came upon irie in tlie wood path, very much as though he had been a ghost: Of course, it was not consistent with the laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I- should answer hiri\, but I scarcely tliink that if Mrs. Grundy.- herself should encounter in the woods, between post-office and' farmhouse, a'gentleman witlf such wild, eyes,. and sCuili acririous-.way.pf rolling tlieiu about, that she would think of anything but-' nullifying him. . . < CertainlyT did rioti I at once agreed .with the stranger, and; Walked rather faster than before. . - ; ""I 'trust' you are hot- afraid of- 'nic, madam," said- the stranger,- rioticing tin.?; latter fact. "I sinderely trust that my" abrupt address has not alarmed you. -' J have been so long,.exiled- from society that. 1 scarcely know how .to address Jts. fair -brua ments. I have no card ; no m'qttciv .Yoa'ri> not alarmed, madam ?" I said I was-not. ,i ' "As I saw" you' pass the spot where I lay under the ttees/madam, it struck . me that you 'were e'xbctly the person I "desired to con fide in, I consequently Hastened . after you. Perhaps, too, I may have desired to wain you that if.ypii desire to be rid of A trouble some persori, the very worst way is to kr him. Shut him up if you can chain liim in some black dungeon ; but don't'kili him."- I .' . you do, you never can get lid of hiin 'again —never, I, assure you ;-aiever. You cariUoo; and bar a living persori . out, but dead one . bomc to yon in your inost private rooms, am stand at j'bur bedside- when you wake in the Jiight, sit at-yoUt .table; follow 'you where' ever you go." . , : Here he looked over His shoulder,- "and 1 involuntarily looked;.over mine. If you're jealous of anyone,;, madam, . doh't kill her, no, no, no ! itls very foolish." . ." Nothing," I instantly- agreed with him, " could be more foolish than to kill anyone." ' "And I was glad to know he iheld to liis . belief," lihd honied he woilld continue to hold jt. until I. reached the farmhouse of the Simpkinses. : : " lam glad that,.we-ragree so well," : said the stranger. "..Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall' I offer .you my arm over this rough' pathway ?" ' I replied in a voice that sounded to my own eavs, likerthe bleating .of a " very meek young lamb, that, if he pleased, he must ex- : cuse me. ; I was - obliged to ' hold - up my dress. . " . He instantly assured me that , my word was his law. - " Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the very ele.-: jga'nt circles in which I moved," he added; " bu"t since that I'Ve become ;a refcluse. It was ."a .grand" Yriistake. Yes, yes" ; I never " should liaye killed hiiri, never." - j-irivoluritai-iiy gave a small shriek. / You 'irialiZe at once how very foolish it- Ms," said the tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero; "but/yes — I killed him. I was very fond of her. . Her name was' .Pamela Peyton, ah heiress — that; however, was nothing to me. I loved her for herself, and she smiled upon me until he came ; and. lie was younger, handsomer,- better than I: Ah ! yes, much better, much better. A .pat: tern young man. . Mothers begged their sons to imitate him; and,- I— well, I ponfess madam, that besides being called Polite Pat- . tersori, I had been called Wiid Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send me' away; I know, I know", and who encouraged him. Pamela liked me — poor Pamela — but I was driven away like- a dog ; and- 1 saw her -walking" with 'him, talking with him..; Once, yes,, once I. saw him kiss her. At that moment something happened- to my brain. I've never mentioned it to anyone, but I tell you now in confidence. I heard it snap. That is how I temporarily lost' my judgment and killed hirn. Beg par don. Did J- step on your, .dress ?" . I said—" Oix! nor natr-all," "in a much meeker bleat than the 'previous one. . . - " Yes; yes.: In niy native town there is a long strelt well shaded with trees, which is known as Long Boad. One evening, just in; the gloaming, I saw him walking along it. I walked a little behind him. "On his little finger was a ring — a diamond.' I knew he , had bought it- for her, that he would give it to her that night. I began to 'hate him as I never hated him before. I began to make my. grand mistake,, by Relieving .that if - he . were dead, he would be. out of my way. I carried in those days a knife. I drew B froiri its hiding place. It was. sharp. It glittered' in the light. I walked a little faster. I was close behind him, but I had trodden so softly that he had not heard me. -Hi was humming a little tune, the tune of a French love song. The knife I plunged into his, back, and stopped a note in the middle affd; completed my mistake." The vista of leafy shadow spread long be fore/us, and I dared not hasten my steps. "/Yes, a great mistake," he said ; " a very greal mistake. He lay on his face there, in themoonlight, and I heard him - moan once or twice, and then gasp for breath. After awhile he was still. Theii I. stqoped and touched him. fibw cold he was ! On .thf little finger of the hand, that had clutched a tuft of soft spring grass' in his dying agonies, her ring glittered. It looked up at me in the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rushed away and left him lying there. No -one would ever know that I had killed- him.- Where do you think I went madam ? Straight to Pamela's house. I had not been '.here for. two months, but I strode straight..- cast the servant and into the passage. The .window was open. There were no lights in ' the room, but the moon fell across the floor, whiter, and brighter than I had ever seen it . nefore. Near the wincjow sat Pamela, but before I Could speak, I saw that we were not alone. Someone had entered at the door with me, and passed before- me now, and sat down beside her. It was'the man I had just' left" dying in Long Boad. I sawFis sunny curls, his handsome face, the ring on his little finger. ,1 saw .him take the ring off and put- it oh her finger, , and as he tnrned to do so, I saw thfe kriifeT Bad Stabbed him with sticking out of his back, and saw that ne was .win .te , and stiff as aeaa men are. <i -don't know any more about it.. Tdon'tknow what I said. There was. a trial in » court; and a prison, and I saw him lying, in a . coffin, and .five vriliriutes. aftey sitting on a chair beside.me: I've seen him/ ever- - since,, just when I did not want ' to see him. For, instance, now. There he comes. Excuse me for leaving you". - 1 ;rised. to :be called Polite Patterson in my youth! I know I ..should escort you to your door ; but I can't, introduce a dead man with a knife sticking out of his back to you — to any lady. Adieu." '. To my great relief he snatched off his sombrero, made a low bow, and dashed away ipto the woods again ; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in ' all my \- In fiya minutes I met little Tommy Simp- kins driving home the cows, arid. in. five minutes more,- was safe within the farm house, where I narrated my adventure.' ' k You've had a lucky escape," said Mrs. Simpkins. " I wonder you're alive. That's ' the loony gentleman that lives in the -hol- loy. Re miist have got away from the nign that watches him: I believe he did kill a youpg pian who put hjm out with . his - girl twenty years ago, and he would have been hung, only , they found he was crazy. He was '- in an asylnni a long while, but. his folks are rich, apd they have him kept here now, I believe he's not dangerous,- but he's rather, strange." . .. / \- At. the time, I considered this a mild de scription of . -BIr. Patterson, ' and thanked Heaven that l had" escaped; violence at. the hahds-of;my.stran"ge'coxripahiph.. T " / 