4-THE GHOST OF MONKTON HAIiL.' ' AN ORIGINAL CHRISTMAS STORY, ' . (Wrjltten for the DAiiiy News.). [Bt Arohimbdbb.]. .' It was a bitterly cold Christmas Evo as I ensconced myself in the corner of a first-olass sntoker on the Great Western at Swindon, en v route to Bangor, in South Wales, having accepted an invitation.; fvoni uiy old school chum, Tom O'Dell, to spond Christmas at.Monkton Hall. The journey was -? an un eventful one, excepting that tho little paokot which convoyed tho passengers across the capacious 1 ? mouth of the Severn from the Somerset coast to Portskewitt, iu Monmouthshire — there was no Severn Tunnel in those days— had a narrow escape from destruction by fire in midstream, but fortunately nothing more serious than a fright 1 to tho ladies and children resulted, and tho large human freight was soon established in the carriages on the other side, and bowling along to their, respective destinations. My train arrived at Baugor at 6.85, and I found Tom waiting '' for. me with his dog-cart. It was a clear, moonlight night, and though, as I have previously said, intensely cold, being woll wrapped up, I , enjoyed tho drive through the roads and lanes fringed with their v snow-draped edges, and was -?n- , tertained with Tora's grahpic des cription of tho various guests whom , I was shortly to meet. Arrived at Mouktou, I 'was most cordially wel comed by Mr. and Mrs. O'Doll, and Tom's twosisters,Maggio and Stella. Tho former was a stately,, rather tall brunette, and Stella a plump little bloude, with all the spirit, animation and roguishness so fre quently the characteristic of an English country maiden, and in tuitivolv I felt 1 should. have a merry time at Mouktou. After tho greetings wore over, with a merry twinkle in her eye, Stella exclaimed : . , 'Oh, Mr. Talford.J. don't know . . what you will say, but we have had to allot you tho ghost chamber.' 'Have you, really?' I laugh ingly queried. ' Well, v I, don't * thiuk any nocturnal visitor from 1 the shadowy land will disturb my, slumbers.' Tho evening was spent in a truo old English Christmas Evo stylo, games,, dancing, and snapdragons being tho principal items on tho programme, and after tho guests ?'???? had retired,- 1 went to Tom's don to . Blnoke & cigar with him, and while there, ho narrated to me a legend conneoted with' Monkton, and' from whioh one particular room wont by the title of the Ghost Chamber. , . Monkton Hall, supposed to have orignally been a monastery, had passed into the hands of the O'Doll family many generations previously, but hnd been so renovated and added to as \q lose all its - identity with the ancient days of tho ' Holy Friar.', However, like all the old edifices, it had its romances and traditions, and numerous were the anecdotes, perpetuated and kept green by generation after generation of tho O'Dells and their retainers, not withstanding there was no single modern authenticity of anything uncanny having been seen. One of the traditions Avas that, prior to the O'Dell family .becoming possessed of tho domain, a villainous. Baron had ownqd tho place, one who had married an amiable lady for whom he had afterwards nursed a thorough hatred, and, according to the legend, when Bho presented him with a ' son and heir, he grew furious, and sworo tho youngster should never possess tho hall and lands. It would seem that he had .a natural son by a foreign woman, whom he regarded as the future heir, and for whom ho entertained a most singular,most inordinate affec tion, It was close on midnight when Tom conducted mo to my room, which I found to be a somewhat spacious chamber in the east wing of the hall, and, bidding me good night, laughingly 'admonished me not to lot the ghost disturb me. The chamber had anything but a hauntod appearance, being lux uriously furnished, and ' a bright fire was burning in the grate. Tired after ray journey and with tho revelries of the evening, I was not long ere I extinguished my light and jumped into tho soft, sleep-enticing bed. My sleep was, however, disturbed, presumably on account of tho tales t had heard and the novelty of a country visit after many years' grafting in the groat( city. What time it was I know not, but I awoko suddenly with a start, with that unaccountable sensation one sometimes experiences in a feeling that ho is not alone. For a time I could not concentrate my thoughts on any one thing, but gradually I took in the sur roundings, The room was dirayl lighted by tho slanting rays of the moon shining 'through, tho window, falling in the direction of tho grate, Tho fire was just omitting its dying flicker, and, judge of my surprise and — yes, I will not don'y it — consternation, when I saw crouched on (ho hearthrug ' tho figuro of a female, draped in a greyish looso robo, and with a wealth of luxuriant flaxen hair hanging (lo.wn her back. Her arms were lifted an in supplication, and I almost imagined I saw her frame trembling as from- some acute agitation. I lay spellbound and speechless, unable to move or cry out. I was making a stupendous effort to arouse myself from the terrible inoubus laid upon me, when the female arouse, Indistinctly I saw it was a lady of short stature with splendidly moulded frame. She cast forth her hands in a motion of agonised supplication, she heaved an inaudible sigh which fairly quivered through the whole of her frame, and as I, by an almost supernetural effort raised myself into a sitting posture, she appeared to vanish through ,the panelling by the side of the fire place, From that time I remember nothing. I must have fallen back in a faint, but when I awoke the the December sun was shining 'brightly in the room, and I heard Tom's cheery voice calling to mo to hurry up. Then flashed across me the memory of my night's ex perience. I examined the panel ling, but could discover no trace of a door or secret entrance. I felt mystified. Just then I went to open the window. It was unfas tened, and alongside I saw a ladder which had evidently been placed' there by a workman; I reflected Yes, I had evidently been the victim of a little plot. The figure of ray female visitor quite tallied with that of Stella, so I determined she and some of her skittish friends had been playing a prank, and decided to say nothing of the affair. When I descended, the large party were in the midst of break fast: After the exchange of compliments, Stella and her com rades badinaged me on my scared looks, and vowed I must have seen the ghost, but I turned it off with a laugh, saying that if I had seen a. ghost it was a very substantial one. ? * # . # # * Christmas Night was kept up in due form, and as we did not break up till the ' wee sma' hours,' it is needless to say I saw nothing of the visitor to my room the previous night. I took care to scrutinise Stella closely, and in every respect — hair, features, frame, &q;,— was she the counterpart of my visitor. On- tho following night wo broke up early, and when I went to bed, I put an extra supply of fuel on the fire, and then went to ex amine the window. Yes, it was unfastened, and on looking out I saw tho ladder still there. ' Now, Miss Stella,' thought I, 'you will be caught in a trap.' Discarding my coat and vest, and throwing a rug around me, I threw myself on tho bod, determining to lie awake and watch. Try as we may, , wo cannot resist tho advances of the witching god when he decides to embrace us, and notwithstanding all my efforts to keep awake, I fell asleep. I was awakened as on the first night, 'and found all the surroundings exactly similar, ex cepting that the rays of the moon did not penetrate the chamber quite as brightly, but the dying embers of the fire were a little more vivid. More distinctly than previously could I discern the outline of the female figure crouching on the hearthrug, more pathetically did her arms appear thrown forward in a supplicating attitude, and more distinctly could I perceive the loose, luxuriant flaxen hair falling down her back. Stealthily I orept from the bed, and noiselessly I stole to the kneeling figure. I waB within a few feet of the female, and contemplating with suppressed laughter the shock I was about to administer, as with outstretched arms, I gave one bound forward and clasped — nothing ! Bewildered, stupified, and with my brain whirling, I somehow crept back to bed, and lay there iu a Btupor till the morning was well advanced. The adventure of the night had certainly had the1 effect of causing my face to be un wontedly pallid, so much so that when I descended to the ' breakfast - room I was met with interrogations from the assembled guests as to whether I was ill, After breakfast I took Mr. O'Dell on one side and told him what I had experienced, To my surprise he did not attempt to attribute it to adreara, but took me to the picture gallery and asked me if I recognised any of the pictures, Instantly I saw the picture of a fair young woman, and told Mr, O'Dell that that was the counterpart of my nocturnal visitor, # # #' # Some of the guests having gone, I was given another room to sleep in, A few days afterwards Mr. O'Dell, a thought having struck him, sent for a _ work man. He had the hearthstone in the ghost chamber removed, and found that beneath it was a small vault, in which was a box of some metal rusty with age. On this being opened it was found to con tain ashes which might or might not havo been the remains of a child. At all events, Mr. O'Dell had them placed in his vault at the parish church, and although the ghost chamber at Monkton has been in constant use for very many years, I have never heard.of any of its occupants having been disturbed by visitations from the lady with the flaxen hair. Bedsteads, cote, and chair bedsteads, of endless varieties, liayo just been unpacked, and are now on view at W, Zimpel's Vurni .turo Warehouse, in Ilay- street, Perth. Tbo largest and Lest stock to select from in Trench, Italian, and half-tester bedstead mnd cots, at very low prices. Also, wire stretchers, - wire mattresses, horsehair, ilock, and lcuuok raattrci ses, wholesale and retail. Hotels, &c.;, supplied at epucial low rates. uo 