GENERAL GLEANINGS. Extracts from the Pastoral Letter . "' a' " ' -i' OF THE ARCHBISHOPS. AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA ASSEMBLED IN SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL. To the Clergy and Laity of their Charge ( Continued .) Venerable and Beloved Brethren op the Clergy, Beloved Child ren op the Laity, — MIXED MARRIAGES. IT may be objected that we over charge the picture we have drawn of the evils attending mixed marriages; that we ignore the large number of cases in which the child ren grow up practical Catholics. +r\ CXr\A fVio oinlc WA warn you against were not actual, and did not come under our observation ! It is from painful experience we speak on this subject. We feel that in what we have said, we have been studiously reserved, lest we should give offence to those parents who have been faithful to their marriage promise, and have been blessed with good and pious children. But so common amongst, families of mixed religion are the dissensions, the religious indiffer ence, and even the apostacies, against which we warn you, that we should be guilty of treason to our Divine Lord who died for your salvation ; of treason to yourselves whom we are charged at the peril of our souls to feed with sound doctrine and protect from danger; of treason to- your little ones who are so1 dear to the heart of our Divine Master, if out of regard to the wisdom of .this world we fore- bore to -denounce a custom which we know to be fraught with such grave perils. We put before you the teachings of the Catholic Church at all times and in- all lands upon this subject. We warn, we entreat, we exhort you for the sake of your happiness of mind and your ever lasting salvation, and for the love you bear your offspring, to hearken to our voice. CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. Our Divine Redeemer has fore warned us. that our loyalty to him will be tested severely. To prove our discipleship -we shall be called upon to take up the Cross. If we are worthy of him, we must be pre pared to face the scorn of the whole world, and forego every comfort — houses and lands, home and the love of friends. His commands have also proved prophetic. His Church has stood out through the ages, unique and unmistakable for her devotion to His Cross. His enemies at one time strove to tear her away from Him, or to leave her widowed of the children she had begotten in the Gospel, by torments and death. They failed ; they only brought dis- comforture upon themselves and upon the powers of darkness. But the Prince of this world pursues his way unweariedly, and suits his methods of attack to ,the genius of each age. He no longer incites to open attacks on account of religion, nor counsels confiscation or torments. His aim, however, is not less deadly. He seeks to poison the springs of Catholic life, the home and the school. Herein the entire growth of each generation w takes place. You cannot dissociate them as agencies in the formation of mind and heart. Let but indiffer ence to the claims of Christ upon our loyalty once get established in the home and. in the school, and the character of the new generation will be decidedly unchristian. We have spoken to you of the chief dangers that beset the home. Let us warn you of those which lurk in the school, you, Catholic parents, would not committ your children's education to teachers who made no secret of their wish to proselytise them. We can conceive of no Catholic parent so callous. But remember' that there is 'su'ch a thing, as unintentional, uncon scious proselytism, a proselytism which is more likely to be effectual than when it is avowed. No child, no student will refuse deference and credit to the teacher; if the latter is at all . qualified for his, positiori. In stinctively the leajriief trusts at once to the authority of his (teacher. And is it possible that two minds can remain in active communication, in friendly relationship with each other, for years perhaps, the one submissive and receptive, the other authorita tive, instructing and directing, with out producing impressions: far more profound and lasting than what is ordinarily contemplated in the school course. It is only, right and proper that the teacher should so influence the child. It is his duty to do so. But if the teacher knows the Catholic religion but imperfectly, which un less he is a Catholic will certainly be the case— if, consequently, he views life and its manifold obligations from a standpoint which is not Cathplic, how is it possible for his intercourse with his pupils, honest and consci entious as may be, not to result in predisposing them against the faith of their baptism ? We have always insisted, and we shall always insist-, that religion must be positively taught at school as well as in the home. Less than this will not suffice to secure the necessary instruction in religious knowledge. The exercises of school, like those out of it, ought to open with prayer, and ought to be leavened with religious observances throughout. This is essential to a true Catholic education, and Catholics will not rest content with less. But even were we to assume that. non- Catholic teachers were scrupulously wary in avoiding attempts to under mine the religion of their Catholic pupils — and very many would make no such attempt — yet there remains much more than a negative disadvan tage for the Catholic child ; he neces sarily catches something of his master's religious tone. And, there fore, we dre bound to admonish Catholic parents, .that in placing children under teachers, who are not of their own faith, they are in all cases exposing the faith of the chil dren to danger. Men who have no definite religious beliefs will not appreciate this reasoning They lack the principle which gives it force. But Catholics understand its mean ing, and they have shown how earnestly it appeals to them. But, unfortunately, it is not true that all teachers in the public schools of these colonies are tender of Cathplic susceptibilities. The Church has no means of excluding from the public school the sectarian fanatic or the still more fanatical Agnostic. She has no power to remove from the class-room that aggressive spirit, that contemptuous reference to her history, her doctrines, and her sacraments, which has flourished unrebuked in high places. The entire genius of the . public school system is an tagonistic to that which the Catho lics demand, and it is surely no wonder that public schools become centres of more than passive hos tility to the fate of Catholics. Under guise of fair play they are got up, unknowingly on the part of the great bulk of the people, but none the less effectually, as points of attack upon the Catholic religion. We do not charge our fellow countrymen with deliberate intent to assail the Catho lic religion through the system of education now in vogue. In point of fact the system is held by Catho lics to be inimical to their faith, and therefore it is unacceptable to them. And on this matter they alone are competent to judge. To take it out of their hands is simply to trample on freedom of thought and freedom of conscience. No one dare pretend any longer that this opposition to the public schtol system emanates only from the Bishpps and priests. Twenty years of hard work in estab lishing and maintaining Cathplic schools have scattered that fallacy to the winds. Catholics are solid with..vtheir spiritual guides on .this all important' - "question, and the. organs of public opinion have come to admit as ;much.' ' But the Catholic child who is compelled to attend a secular nom Catholic school not only runs risks to his:jaithr;'t! his mojls .may alsQr.be imperilled. We .would fain pass, over this topic, were it not for the gravity of the interests involved. But the purity of mind, the chastity of life which the Church endeavours to cul tivate in' the little ones of Christ must be. our justification. This is the jewel of youth, the pledge of a righteous life. The Catholic home is redolent of the chaste atmosphere of Nazareth ; so is the Catholic school: the sanctions of faith, the examplars of Saints, and above all of the: Queen of Saints, the united prayer, the ejaculatory invocations of Divine help at each stroke of the hour — these are so many ever-recur ring reminders to the young heart of things heavenly, they so leaven the entire waking life of the child that he 'comes to grow up under, their influence, and witfi the confirming grace of the Sacraments acquires that Catholic instinct which makes him recoil from whatever is darkly suggestive. But remove him from these salutary influences ; cast him with his plastic, unformed nature into the midst of companions, who at all events do not review morals from the standpoint of Catholic faith ; whose homes have not a uniform standard of morals ; who belong to sects and communities holding very diverse opinions on most practical life questions ; and all of whom feel that in the school, religion, with its sanctions, is more or. less a forbidden subject ; are we to expect that child ren of tender years, of immature judgment yet developing passions, will continue to observe stoical self- restraint from the beggarly motives supplied them in the moral instruc tions approved by secularists ? They who think they will must be singu larly ignorant of what passes; they who are satisfied to expose the child ren to such a perilous experiment must set little store by the moral purity of the rising generation. Hence, Catholic parents are not justified by ordinary necessities in sending their children to such schools. Under extraordinary diffi culties their efforts to counteract the evil influences of such surroundings, as well as the special vigilance which the master may be supposed to exer cise, will doubtless be seconded by special graces from heaven. The Holy Ghost measures his aids by the needs that cry out for them ; but such needs must not be of our own choosing; when we unneces sarily expose ourselves or our charge to danger, we forfeit our claim to special grace. The Holy Ghost tells us that they who love the danger shall perish in it. And hence, when ever it is possible to maintain a Catholic school, there., the pastor and the parents will be accountable to our Divine Master, if through inert ness they suffer His little ones to be scandalised, to be seduced from that saving doctrine which he came on earth to teach them, and from that holy conversation and that everlast ing' life which He died upon the Cross to bestow on them. His words should ever ring in the ears of those who have charge of youth. To pastors and parents they are a dreadfal warning: "He that shall scandalise one of these little ones that believe in me, it were better for him that a mill-stone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depths of the sea" (Matth. xviii. 6), But it is needfess, we rejoice to know, to dwell upon the duty of providing Catholic education for our Catholic children. Surely Austral asia has by this learned that Ave Catholics are of one mind on this matter, and that Ave are as resolute as we are unanimous. It is a sin gularly short-sighted policy in those who profess a patriotic concern for the future of this great land to en courage at this critical stage of its national development a system of administration which strikes at liberty ' of conscience, and is an outrage upon justice. When Catholics protest against' a form of instruction for their children Avhich has been de vised contrary ' to their vvishes, and when they declare that they may not, Avithout doing violence to their con scious convictions, avail of it, are they not Avarranted in so asserting their political rights ? Who but Catholics shall be the judges of Avhat are the religious convictions of Catholics ? Or has it come to this that our age of progress and equality and political freedom, is drifting rapidly toAvards an odious, hypo critical servitude ? Shall Catholics be told that they, must not have religious comdctions ; that they must not claim to saAe for their Divine Master the little ones who have been given them, who have been baptized into the Catholic faith ; that Catholic parents shall' be deprived of one of the most sacred rights inherent to them, until they are able to SAveep the polls by the brute logic of num bers ? Or shall they be told to rest satisfied and thankful for the poor permission to open and maintain schools of their own, even Avhile the taxes they pay go to educate the children of others ? It is a little better than the arrangement of a century and a half back, when their fore fathers went to Catholic schools only at the peril of their lives ; when .a price Avas set upon the head of a Catholic schoolmaster. It is better, but none the less it is a mockery of justice and liberty. " The real name of Barney Barnato, the South African millionaire, is said to be Isaacs, and also that he is the son of a Whitechap 1 old-clo' dealer. Ho and a. brother Harry we'o trained as pugs, and were reckoned clover with then- fists. Barney is also a brilliant billiardist. " Mrs." Barney Barnato was known in Sou'h Africa as Fanny Bees. She is the l andsome daughter of an Africander resident at Simon's Bay; where, before slie met liarney, she used to keep a coffee-stall. The treatment of consumption by the inhalation of fonnol is reported to have cflected a number of romarka"le cure< at the Vil epiuta Hospital in Paris. Dr. Ohirelli, the discoverer of this treatment, does not prebend to ho a lung-maker, but only a microbe killer. Two eon 'itions are necessary for a cure by liis 'roatinent, : rhab it ho used perse veringly for a certain length of time, and that the disease should not have reached its last » tage. It was at the solicitation of the Abbe Gat nier, the Apostle of tile working men in Franco, that Dr. Ghirelli opened his clinics the Abbe having paid partic-dar att ntion to the cure of tuberculoses, ou account (if -ts ravages among the poor. Dr. Gbirulli's family has a particular interest for Catholics, being related to the families of both Leo XIII. and Pius IX. ' 