METHODISr CNlON. TO THK KDITOR. Mr— I am ftorry 1 am obliged to write again in re the Primitive Methodist Superannuation Fund, as I feel quite sure it cannot be fairly understood by the eeneral public at it may bo presented in this correspondence. It is a matter to bo discussed and settled in the courts of the Church. I had no idea thero were any fears in the minds of our ministers that they would not be fairly met in this matter if union were brought about. I am Borry it is raised now to confuse the mind of the voter, and cannot help thinking that it should have been raised ' before or kept back until tho vote of the people is taken. We wereall acquainted with our relationship to this fuud, and 1 have always believed that justice would bo done whou matters were being settled. I did not think the Wesleyan Super numerary Fund would take over our liabilities unless sufficient payments were made. I am not quite sure as to the jurisdiction and Dowers of tho Board of Treasurers, but ] should supposo they had only to conserve the rights of - the present members of their fund along the lines of the regulations of the General Conference. As to the admission of other ministers, they have simply to say how they will receive other ministers. How to raise tho funds necessary 16 enter is with the persons seeking to enter and tho Conferences of tho Churches uniting. Mr. Wellington and I are agreed as to tho unfortu nate condition of the Primitive Methodist ministers of this colony who are not in the Itinerant Preachers' Society. I. do not wish to ?)O judge of the money ability of our ministers to enter this fund, as I should at once place myself in an unenviable position among my brethren. I know we have plently to do with our limited salary, and groat sacrifices must be made if wo put anything into Insurance or Friendly Societies. But everybody knows that what some people think a money ability to do ,\ certain thing others think it impossible, ho that this matter cannot be settled by cither party in this correspondence for any third person. -'What does tho P.M. Conference think of ability to enter our funds? It says to young ineu entering our ministry, 'No person Khali bo received into the' list of approved preachers who is not a member oi tno Itinerant Preachers1 Friendly Society, or who ia not applying for membership. When a minister ceases to he a member of the I.P.F. Society ho shall cease to h:'ve any claim ou the Superannuated Preachers' Widows and Orphans Fund. This regulation shall apply retrospectively from the year IS9L except in the case of minister* who had than travelled fifteen years and upwards.' I should my that was the definite judgment of the Conference on thu money ability of its ministers to enter its funds. We are also agreed that the English Conference will do the equitable thing for us, but we differ as to what the equitable tiling is. There is no wondor in this. I have never said ' that the English Conference gave Canada anything from any fund, and should bo equally glad with Mr. Wellington if anybody could show us that it did, -henco I am not mistaken. The English 'Conference minutes' referred to is tho Yearbook of tho Connexion, but it does not contain all the minutes, nor all the important minutes, of tho Conference. It is very strange that the only rofcrenco to the union in Canada is just a line about tho seventeen annuitants, and to the statistics of the Church. Surely something else was said aboutit, and something more done iu it. We, therefore, think it is useless to say thu or that until we know. That is im position in the matter, and it will be conceded, 1 know, th&t; the first steps token to secure the necessary information were taken by myself by proposing that letters shall lie i-ent to the English authorities asking them to furnish us with on account of tho settlement with Canada, so that it shall l-e Iwfore the next . Colonial Con ference to be considered with tiio question of Methodist union here. Now as to the equity of exporting something from England if wo withdraw onr claims upon the S.P. -V. and O. Fund I am entirely at issuo with Mr. Wellington. In the first place ho dees not consider our full fahare of the receipts of the fund, and iu the second place be puts us down for too much of the disbursements. It may bo premised that it is unfair, to take South Australia— a small district and a com paratively young country— and judee its slairas by its payments and receipts. Its small ness and hciug a new settlement would pro -*ably militate against it in actuarial calcu lations. I am glad it is admitted that possibly 1 am right .in Having thousands at pounds have been sent from South Australia to this fund. If the books liave served me correctly during the last six vears we havo sent direct not less than £500. Ihis is only one of tho sources fronvevhich this fund receives help. It is supported by grants, subscriptions, donations, and bequests. In id'liliqn to the ministers' subscriptions. and L-ollections in the Circuit it ha3 received during thu !a«t fifteen year* about ' £30,000 from the Connexional Bookroom, about £5,000 from tho Confercnco Fund, ljcsides large sums from donations and bequests ; and I find tho grants iverc more in tiio earlier vear3 than nt present. £ow :is we art) part of Primitive Methodism iud have dono our share in supporting, thu Bookroom and Conference Fund, wo have claim upon a proportionate part of these re ceipts. : V - Then in considering the annuitants in South Australia it is unfair to charge us as liable for air their claims. Wo havo three classes of annuitants— First, tho class that lias never been in tbo active ministry here; second, tho class that has only had a short, active ministry in this colony; third, the class that has spent its best lifo in active work in South Australia. Without any disrespect to the first two classes, in such calculations as Mr, Wel lington makes, they are not properly our lin biliric*. and. thcrofore. the nurclv colonial liabilities arc comparatively few and- small. J have written this to show our friends in South Australia that we can make out a good caso for the English Conference, and that they need not be frightened by ghosts, or think they are votiug any of their ministers out ot their pos»iblo incomes when they vote in favour of union. Besides all this, if things do not turn out bo favourable as wo think equitable, tho three Churches will consider the wholomatxr in a just nnd Christian spirit, and if they cannot do what is fair and right tho matter is still in our own lia:id«. I cannot think tho united Church will allow one party ' to tho union to Buffer all the sacrifices. The ' brilliant pro spects' ' '»mrklinij.' 'da7.zle,' aud tho old nursery game iu Mr. Wellington Blotter aro put in for padding, and not as arguments, aud aro better not answered. Likehim, I only want tho truth, the wholo truth, and nothing but tho truth, and am determined to get it for myself, aud others if they likens soon ua it can bo obtained. Hoping the people will voto according to their judgment, nnd allow tho matter of funds to bo settled in tho Courts of the Church, 1 am, Sir, ic, II. J. POPE. 