THE ASM) DARLING RIVER ADVOCATE, WEDNESDAY, SHPTEMOEK 1G, 1SJS. THE OPPOSITION AND ! RETRENGIDIKNT. j No one is likely to be mislead by the utterances of tho leader of the Opposi tion in moving his futile censure motion Inst week. Tin* object is too apparent and s.*vour3 too much of an electioneering ruse to deceive even thosa on whose behalf Mr. LYXK pro fessed to bo acting. The sympathy extended to his motion in the House is possibly on a par with that which the country generally mill feel inclined to extend. Practically tho Assembly laughed the motion out of court. It cannot be s»id to have debated it seriously, for there was no reason to suspect the Opposition of any strong convictions on tho subject it elected to make the burden of its attack upon the Government. Indeed there was suffi cient evidence that even the Opposi tion itself was not quite r.niied and that several of its members were quite conscious of the stagey-nature of the proceeding, and of the uiterly false position they were being led into. They must have felt, as indeed they did, that their chief was adding an other to the long list of tactical blunders he has placed to his credit, and though party loyalty bore down any scruples they evidently did not appreciito having to stand before the country as advocates of the old order of political patronage and an extra vagant and inefficient civil service. With Jlr. COPELAXD this was so pro nounced that ha abstained from taking any part in tha proceedings or ot identifying himself in any way with what his common-sensa told him was a falso move. The farce of the whole busings lay in tho fact that t'no 17ansar3 of only a few months ago contained strong speeches by Mr. LYXE and prominent followers not only in favor of retrench ment but also in support of the Bill handing over tho civil Eervice to the Public Service Board. That measure practically passed without challenge, tho second reading going without division and the third reading with only six dissentients. In tho course of that debate Mr. LYXE took heaps of credit for already having introduced retrenchment in his department, when Minister for Works, by dismissing several officers, and consequently he was not taken seriously when he pro ceeded to denounce the Board for doing tho same thing. Again it rose up against Mr. Lyxk like an uneasy ghost that during tho discussion oil the liuid and lr.come tax lie had de clared these imposts to bo quite un nece;sary 13 She Government could balance tho rovenuo and expenditure by retrenchment 111 tho civil service. But though tho House was well a ware of this and reminded Mr. LTXE of it that gentleman probably considered the retrenched civil servants would be les? informed and accept him as their champion on the strength of his latest utterances. Nobody knows better, however, than Mr. I.YXE tlmt civil | service retrenchment had become a ! painful necessity, and that no govern [ ment dare roverse what has already been done. lSvnryonn will sympathise ! with the retrenched men, but every body outside the service has. for the past few years been suffering what, thoso within it have now been called upon to face. Mr. ttmn put the whole matter in a nutshell when ho asked why tha country should pay £.100,000 a year inoro than was neces sary, a sum lie pointed out sufficient to pay interest on ton millions worth of tho Additional railways which the country districts so urgently needed. To that question no answer has been or can bo given. The Opposition may seek to nml;c a little capital out of the anger of retired civil servants and their friends, but tho country at lar^e 'may be expected to endorse the verdict of tho House which by an overwhelming majority set its foot upon Mr. IA'Nk'S uttonipt to upset tho Public Servica Board. TImt gentleman of course knew that this would bo the result, but then lio had at least attained one object that of blocking business until after 10 o'clock, when ho and most of his friends went homo to sleep leaving tho Uouso to go on with tho Estimates -which it did till near noon next day. Although (here are thosa who slii! suspect the bicycle of being a passing humour of the tleetinc hour, present etidonco points unite the other way. Tt may bo that it will depart as rapidly aa it came, for thero is no accounting for fashion, but so far not only is there no sign of decadence, but on the con trary it is clear tho wheel has not yet reached its zenith. Last Tuesday a deputation waited on tho Kttyor of Sydney representing that the wheelmen now numbered so largo a section of the community as to be entitle,! to due consideration in tho regulation and control of public thoroughfare?. Tho request put forward on behalf of the wheelmen was a littlo unreasonable, but it ig evidence of that growing import ance of tho hike ns gauged by tho numbers in mo, which will compel the authorities to take its piwseneo into serious account in thoir control of the street?. It is not, however, only in the cities that the bicycle is spreading. It is now met with in increasing numbers even to the uttermost parts of the colony. A little while ago two shaarers in this district went per wheel to and from the sheds at which they were em ployed, doing much bettor timo than they could hare made otherwise, in spite of tho drawbacks of bnsh road*. jLt Tibeoburra the resident doctor and clergymen who in addition to looking after Tibooburra, i.Ijo attend to the euro of tho bodies and souls of tho people of Milpaiinka, miles distant, regularly perform the journey by tho popular mode of locomotion, doing better timo than ordinary 1'Uggy travelling, nnd with supremo indiffer ence to the vigour of the drought. Tho late Mr. T. Karnes, Inspector of Public Watering I'laeesnt -tVileauuia, was also a wheelman, and frequently made seme of his longest journeys by this means, when owing to the scarcity of feed, it would have been next to impossible to travel \vith horses. At a station in thai district tho manager is using a bi!;o for getting about tho run, while prior to the autumn rains the owner of a station in tb-j Trangie distiict sent up lour machines for (he yse of the boundary iMers, his object being to save iho forago bills with wlueh h# wa> confronted at oveiy »pell of dry weather. , At present instead of being a Meeting i fancy it looks mow as if the bicycle j could echo Oksm'b vtii- iiJi'vici. ' ' 