A ROMANCE OF MAORILAND. (COPYRIGHT. ) O N T H E W A I K A T O . CHAPTER L ATJJA IVESTBURY. It was quite unnecessary for the Worthy Dr. Cranium of bump-reading notoriety, to elevate his shaggy eyebrows after he had run his fingers over certain portions of my head, to inform me that I had the proclivities of the vagabond strongly developed. The information was not needed, inasmuch as I knew I was, and had been from my cradle, a careless, rambling Bohemian, with a light purse and a lighter heart, and with a thorough hatred of anything in the shape of work Sitting here, in the cozy parlor of the " Black Swan " Hotel, on the Crescent, Auckland, New Zealand, I, Frank Leigh, feel that I am indeed a rover, as untiring and as restless as the wandering Jew. I have done the grand tour of the known world and have pulled up here at the antipodes for a spell. On the opposite side to that on which I am seated there is a large mirror, which reflects a tall, muscular young fellow of eight-and-twenly, face oval and darkly tanned; eyes brown, keen and honest in expression ; brow bold and open, with just two turrowed lines upon its smooth surface; hair dark and inclined to curl, with a fair-sized beaid. Such am I, as I look at myself in the mirror on this November night, iS—. In the fire which blazes and crackles in the grate before me I can see again many faces that have come and gone during my wanderings.- Now it is a black countenance, anon a white one, which instantly--changes again to a color neither black nor white, that looks at me from the coals; while domes, steeples, pagodas, temples, mountains and landscapes come and go between. "If ye plaze, what time are we to start in the morning, eh ?" The individual who presented himself and interrupted my reverie with the above interrogative was not a handsome fellow by any means. Picture to yourself a low-sized youth about sixteen, with a skin the color of mahogany and a -head that would have graced a giant, if the appendage of a thick mop of unkempt wool upon it could be accounted a recommendation. This gentleman, who assumed to the refined nom-de-phtme of Floxy, was none othe than a reprobate half- caste Maori lad, who had learned to ape the vices of the Pakeha without attempting their virtues. ; Floxy, otherwise Hapo Tub", had a devil-may-care "boy" from the Emerald Isle for his Padre, his mother being a Maori woman. How poor Floxy come into the world no one could say ; but one thing is certain, viz., that Barney M'Blatherigan (the aforesaid Padre) brought the wee coffee colored bundle of humanity home to his hut on the Waikato; and here, amid choice.language and whisky tippling, the half-blood was nursed until be was ableto run jabout and scratch for himself. : Ffoxy. learned .twos things ;1wbile beneath the paternal roof—-to drink like a fish- -and to speak in the richest of brogues. Of course, there was a certain dignity about the lad, but when he did unbend aod condescend to open up a conversation, it appeared the strangest of all strange things to listen to the dusky rascal chattering in true Irish "patois" and with a tongue that a Dublin, Jackeen might have envied. ' For a consideration, Floxy—who, by the way, was well acquainted with : every Maori settlement in the Waikato country—had agreed to become my guide and servant on a tour I had decided to make among some of the more important tribes of the Maori race. The " consideration " consisted of five pounds, one suit of blue serge and a double-barrelled gun. For these articles Floxy had bound himself to serve me for twelve months, with the understanding that fallowed a pint of whisky and some tobaccy " every week, when procurable, during the term. '-•The half-caste had one quality which shone conspicuously above his other attributes,* and that was impudence No doubt the boy inherited that from his father; and I am of opinion that if Floxy-had imbibed nothing worse from the same quarter it had been well for him. Turning to look at the rogue, as he stood in the open doorway with a grin on his -dark lace, I could not help wishing that his wardrobe bad been in keeping with his effrontry. A female's bat, , without the ghost of a show of ribbon, -in shape a mushroom, graced his head; while a well-ventilated coat and trousersi which originally had been made \- for>some person of three times the glide's - build, clung to him for bare life " Did ye heat what I axed yez ?" ' " Of course." "Well, it's waitin' I am." " Waiting for what ?" *' To be touid whin we are to shtart," cried Floxy, taking off his hat and rubbing his flax. " Bother you! I've told you twenty times already. Now, be off and shut the door." The half-caste obeyed, but the next moment his uncouth profile appeared again at ike open doorway. " " Shure there's an ould frind downf>htairs that hasn't set an eye on me these three years before to-day. Perhaps it wouldn't be convaynient for ye to advance one of thim pints of whisky which ye promised, sur ?" "No, it is not convenient, Floxy." 1 1 Thin the divil a toe wiil I budge wid ye, mark that," replied the monkey, boldly. I felt inclined to hurl the decanter at but thought better of it and gave him the contents instead. I was not certain I had done a wise thing in indulging the debasing propensity of my quandam friend on the eve of our departure. In the morning, however, the young imp was stirring betimes. Before the sun began to gild the peak of the Great Barrier seaward, the horses were saddled ; and, having settled my bill, I bade adieu to the buxom hostess of the "Swan." The New Zealanders style them' selves Maoris and consider all other races as far beneath them. Whether the word Maori may be derived from the root uri (dark) or considered synonymous with moor (ncgio), I leave others to determine With the natives Maori simply signifies indigenous or peculiar to New Zealand. The origin of the Maoris is shrouded in profound obscurity. Mysterious legends and traditions seem to convey vague historical reminiscenses. Their history of the creation of New Zealand is given in the form of a legend by one Te Papa, a fisherman, corresponding well with the notions of the people whose abode is surrounded by the sea and whose chief occupation was fishing. The natives call the northern island "Te Ika Mani," the f!sh of Mani. Mani, according to their traditions, is a hero—the very Hercules of their my- thology, who achieved many wonderful exploits. He was their first instructor in boat and whare building and the inventor of the ait of twisting ilax into cords and snares; he killed the sea monster Tuarua; he is lord of fire and water and likewise of air and sky. To Mani is due the honor of fishing up the land out of the ocean; hence its name, the fish of Mani. The hook on this occasion was the jawbone of one of his ancestors. The fish was hardly above the water before the brothers of Mani fell upon it to cut it up. Thence originated the mountains and valleys and all the irregularities on the surface of the country. Strange to say, the outlines of the north island actually resemble the form of a fish and the Maoris even designate the localities corresponding with the respective parts of the fish. The southern portion is the head, the northwestern the tail, Cape Egmont the back fin, East Cape the lower fin. Wanganui, they say, is the salt water eye of the fish; Wariaropa the sweet water eye Ringoronga is the upper gill, Te Rtmurapaihe lower gill. The active volcano, Tongararo, with Tape Jarpo at its base, forms the stomach and belly of the fish. r This was certainly an interesting proof of the correct knowledge the Maoris had arrived at regarding the island, long before its outlines were represented on a map. Crossing the narrow isthmus between Onehunga and Otathahu, I struck out on the Great Southern Road, now the great highway of the interior, then extending little further than Drury, a small township about thirty miles from the city. Of course there was an extensive trade carried on the broad bosom of the noble Waikato River, which is navigable for several hundred miles; but the settlements of the Pakel*a did not extend beyond the Papakuri Range. The King Chief, William, had fixed the limit of the white man's land to this spot and bad issued the mandate, " so far shalt thou go a.id no farther." Beyond the range there was no vesiige of road. Instead of the cozy, farms, the fenced meadows, with cattle grazing therein and the cultivated squares of green and brown that had mot our gaze on the other side, there was nothing now around us but 'a wild and vast panorama of hill and vale and mountain, thickly strewn with trackless forests of gigantic kauri pines, which made the light above almost darkness to us beneath their towering heads. In other parts of the world I had made most of my journeyings by rail or steamboat, but I soon discovered that a trip up the Waikato meant toil and hardship of no light order. Paths practicable for horsemen were not many on the other side of Papakuri. Indeed, the difficulties arising from the. nature of the country to be travelled had been mentioned by the guide, who told me plainly that the horses would be a hindrance rather than a help. This I discovered to be correct before we had gone a score of miles from Drury. The narrow paths of the Maori led over hills and mountains in steep ascent and descent, rarely in the valleys —nearly always along the ridges, honeycombed with holes and ioose boulders. Acting on the advice of Floxy, who proved a very excellent guide, I bartered the nags for a stout canoe from some natives at Kiki and took to the river as the better mode of travel. I had decided to pay my first visit to H is Maori Majesty Hoki, at Mangartouorta, the capital of the various Waikato tribes. F:om Kiki the distance was only foi ly-c-ne miles, so we pushed on that day and part of the night in hopes of Teaching the Maori metropolis the next morning. CHAPTER IL Toki,^ King of all the Maoris, selected Te Raupa as the metropolis and the future capital of the northern island. The royal residence, a spacious hut built in the most approved style of native architecture and surmounted by tall fia^pulc, was situated upon the hightsl point beside a broad arm of the noble river, one hundred miles west of the oi?y of Auckland. The Maori city lay further down, in a green vailey, and consisted of about two score large whaies in straggling lines, with smaiier ones between, and covering a space of about forty acres. The pennant of His Majesty had a centre piece of white, surrounded by a broad crimson border; on the white there was a biue cross, beside the inscription, " Nuitireueand three tfa- niond-shaped figures. In front of the palace a warrior, armed cap-a-pie, stalked to and fro, after the manner of the Guard sentinels at Windsor. A more lovely spot could not have been selected in the whole of New Zealand than this same hapu, or dwelling-placeof the Majesty of Maoriland. On a wide, verdant slope, ovtclooking the stream, stood the city, while here, in the intervening space, a kind of natural Coliseum, runged in with tall kauri pines, served the tribes for a gi ganlic council hall al frcsio. The rear of the settlement was protected by the high Manaku Hills,whiie a fine stream of clear fresh water,called the Meri Meri Creek, meandered with many a curve and serpentine twist through the heart of the valley, irrigating the cultivated patches of potatoes and sweet yarns in its vicinity and whose banks were runged by long lines of peach trees, planted at the suggestion of the King's I'rime Minister, of whom more anon. It was a numerous but somewhat motley guard of honor that cscortcd Floxy and myself from the landing place to the door of the King's man. sion. Without any further ceremony than a kind of grunt, I was ushered into a long, naiTow apartment, in which were ! | ! j J I j assembled more than thirty persons (including several ladies). In the royal Maori I found a squab fellow, about sixty years of £ge and robed in a blue coat with red facings and shining brass buttons. His lower extremities were cased in a long pair of seaman's boots and he had a beard and moustache, which imparted to his features a Moorish look. Squatted round his majesty in a circle were four Maoris, whose faces rivetted my attention. The foremost of these was a noble-lookicg savage of Herculian proportions, in the prime of his manhood. Unlike most of his race, this Maori had a clear olive skin, straight, prominent nose, with eyes as keen as those of a hawk; the lower portion of his face was horribly tattoed, which completely disfigured his otherwise bold and handsome features. His hair was ornamented by a single moho feather and he wore a toga, or cloak, of white muka flax, unsullied by any tag or emblem whatever. This was Te Puki, the bravest and wisest of his race, who perished with seven hundred of his warriors six months later, while defending Paterua against the volunteers. Seated next to Te Puki was an individual totally different, both in person and costume. This was a boyish chief, thick- set as a prize-fighter and with a round, bullet head, not unlike a professional bruiser. He seemed at least twenty or thirty years the junior of his neighbors. His eyes, which by some freak of nature were placcd very wide apart, never rested on one object a moment together, but roved round and about with a sly, suspicious glance, which displayed the double, treacherous disposition of the owner. To attempt to fix his look was out of the question, but the moment you turned your glance from him you instinciively felt that he was examining you, The forehead of this youth was low and overhung to the brows with thick, matted hair, but in spite of the thick cov- ering thereon one could clearly discern three distinct qualities standing prominently forth in Te Kooti, namely, cruelty, firmness and the sublety of the devil. On the other side of Te Koo'i sat the one-armed chief, Te Muna. Hotheaded, ignorant and stubborn, he held the Gate Pah with only two hundred half-armed warriors against a whole Imperial regiment for six days, when he eventually perished, together with his unfortunate companions. The fourth Maori of the group presented a different aspect to the others. A well-made savage, with a tattoo mark upon him standing boldly up; with folded arms, the dark, Moorish-looking head fixed firmly upon broad and ample shoulders and the swarthy, open face, manly and straightforward in its every expression. Rewi, The Eagle, will never be forgotten by our generations of New Britishers, either Maori or Pakeha. Able alike both in the council and m the field, this great rebel leader has been a thorn in the side of the anti- Maori party since he was sixteen years old. 3 Electro-biologists certify that the whole human family have a certain amount of affinity or repulsion towards each other, as the case may be. In my case, I confess I felt drawn with friendly feelings towards this young chief, feelings which, in the course of events, I found were mutual He could speak English fluently and without the least reserve proffered to give me all the information in his power about his people. After saluting us, the King enquired if we bad brought him any tobacco and, receiving a reply in the negative, became sulky and handed us over to the Prime Minister without further ceremony. Marupi, otherwise Ben Cable, the First Minister of State at the Court of H«ki, was a runaway sailor from one of the wan ships previously stationed on the coast, who had made his way into the Waikato country, married a Maori woman and settled down on the land which he received with her and so became a naturalised Maori and a Kingite. The Premier bad a jolly-looking face, tanned to the color of mahogany ; irongrey whiskers, which met under the chin like a coil of r-op-. A good-humored face on the v,;.c;ie. crowning a muscular, thick-set frame, wrapped in jacket and trousers of raica llax. He was seated on a rum-cask, with a newspaper, which he had been reading to his royal master. Ben Cable greeted my companion warmly, yet with a ccrlain sly and prelencK-d gravity only assumed for the nonce. To me he bowed sillily, but invited us to his house by the river bar.k. — To U CanUaugd. 1 