A SEAPORT IN THE IOON.' [From " Prse Fancies," by Richard Le Gadlienne.] ScIENCE says that the moon is a dead world, a cosmic ship littered''itil the skeletoni of its crew, and froi~ ihich every rat of vitality has long ince es caped. It is the ghost that rises from its tomb every night, to haunt its failh less lover, the world. It is a country of ancient silver-mines, unworked;for cen turies. You may see the gaping mouths of the dark old shafts through your.tele- scope, You may even see the rusting, pit-tackle, the ruinous engine -houses, and the idle pick and shovel,:' Or you may say that it is oounterfeit silver, coined to take in the younig fools who: love to gaze upon it. 'It is, so'to speak, a bad half crown. As :on will! Bt: I am of Edy mion's belief--and no one was ever more intimhat with the moon. For me the moon- is :a ?iiuntry- of great seaports, whither all the ships of our dreams come homei iFroni all quarters of the world, ovei i;v day pthe week, there are ships' saling to the moon. They are he ships thiat sil just , ihen and where you fpl.Oise Y:or take you passaige On that coldition Andl i is ridiculous to thilnk fo`wh?it a trifle tlht captain will t"ke you on so lieg aijournef. If you want to come' back just to take an excursion and no more; just to take a lighted look :at those ,coasts ef rose and pearl, he will ask no more than a glass or two of bright wine "-indeed,: when the captain is very kind, a flower will take you there and back in no timee;:if you want to stay whole days tlierd, but still come back dreamy andl strange, y ni may take a little dark root' and smoke ittia asilver pipe, or you may drink ~ little .plia'rdf poppy- juice, and thus you shall, find the Land. of,t leart's Desire ;.but if you are ?,ise and. would stay in that land for ever,- the terms are even easier-a litrtle powder into a phial' of water,'?a little 'piece of lead no bigger than a pea, and a farthing's-worth of explosive fire, and thus also you are in tlie Land 6of Heart's Desire for ever. I dreaimed last night that I stood on the blustering windy wharf,'aricd the dark ship wast there. It was impatient, like all of xis, to leave- the world. Its f unnels belche'l- black smoke, its eingines throbbed against the. quay like arms that were eager to strike and be done, and a bell was bearing impatient summons to be gone. The dark captain stood ready on the bridge, and he luoked into each ot our faces as we passed onboar? d:' Is it for the long'voyage ?" he said. " Yes, the long voyage," I said-~and his stern' eves se-medi to s ,ftn as I answered. At length we were Ill aboard, andi in the tw :kling of an eye were oat of sight of laiin. Yet; ,once afloat, it seemed as tlinl Te slhol!d never reaich our port in the mooun-iis6 it' seemed toj me as,: Iay awake in miy 't little etain, l n.t. min she patiuit -thud an I throb of the great screws, beatiUni in the shiill sidei like a liman heart. .. . There weie three friends ,I 4had espe-. cially set olt to see:: two roilng Liveir who had eiuigrated to those coounies.in, the moon just after their iarrisge. and there was another.. \What. a siurprise it wuld he to; all three, fur L hid written ni, letter to say I was coni!!g. '[u:deed, it: s wsj,:st a suliden impulse,e tile pistol flasli of a long desire. :: :: I tried to.imagino what the town would be like .i ',wlich tlhey:were now living., I asked :te: captin, ad a Ihe answelred with a sad smiile that it wotild be just exactly as I cared to drearn it. \- Oh, well, then." I.thoight: " I know wha; t it Wiill 'be like. "'Thierelshallbea great restless, tossinig estuary, wihii At lantic winds for ever ruffling the.sails of busy ships, ships cominag homene with laughter, .ships leaving home with sad sea-gull cries of farevell. Anti the shaggy, tcssing water,.shall b bouanded. on either bank with highl grand walls, ald on one:bank shall be a fretted spire soaring with a jangle of bells, from amid a tangle of masts, and underneath the bells and the masts shall go streets rising up from the strand, streets full of faces, and sweet with thle snme!l of tar and the sea. O() captain ! will it be morning or night when we come to my dity? In the morninig my city is like a sea-blown rose, .in the night it is bright as the sailor's, star. - : If it.be early morning, what hill I. do2 I shrill run to the house in which my friend= lie in happy sleep, never to be iapited again, and kiss my hand to their shrouded window; and then I shall run on and on;till the city is behind and the sweetness of country lanes is abilt ime, andI shall gather flowers as I run,; fromi heer ivainton.nMess; and then at iast; flushed and breathless;, I.shallstarind ben~eathlher-window, 'I shall stan'i and liste, nand I shall l'e'ar her brearhiiig :right througl .tlie hieavyi cu'tiins,: and theiushed- gardefi' and- sleeping- -house; wviltibid ime keep silence, hut Ib:slall cry 'a greasi crv ti up to' the moinmng stari, and sayv, "No I: will not keep silenoe. Mine is th voice she :listens for in her sleep. Slie: will aw'ke 'again for no other 'oice lii n triile. Dear one, awivake ! the morn; ingi ofall mrioinings has come'!,1 ":- .:, As I write ithe moon io!ks do? ?,ri :at: me like , Ma donna fromi the grea: can vas Ef thie:Bsky. Shei seel:iis' heaiutifid witlhthlie &eiity; ofalIliheeveis thai? iive looked up at her .sad withi'all the tears (f all thoie :eyes ; like a .silver ibo?l brimlnmin'im.h ithe tears of dea'd. oers she seems. Yes, there are seaports'in tlhe mlodon' thleie are ships to take us Sthere 