Baptism TO THE EDITOR Sir,— I trust you will not think me troublesome seeing I have hung myself up for a target but give me room to defend my self , having noticed some sly shots from other quarters than "Church of England" but my present business is to deal with "Church of England". I certainly would like him better if he signed his name, for I must confess I don't care about the smell of his locality, although it may be a congenial clime for the breed of spiders. I will not attempt to answer his letter in detail. It would be words to no profit; such as, what I say, what he says, what the Quakers and Salvationists hold, and what the churches believe and teach— all these are but sound- ing brass if not in harmony with "What saith the Lord." I have carefully studied all 'C. of E.'s" proof texts and dare to say there is not one direct proof for the subject in hand, and if "Church of England" would look again at Acts xviii. 26, he would see that Apollos was in the same fix as the Ephesians were in chapter xix. I asked ' C of E,' to show two clear cases — one for the baptism of the Holy Ghost and one for the baptism of unconscious babies. That would settle this controversy. For the latter he has not attempted a proof, know- ing there to none to bring; and wisely throws up the sponge; but he tries to prove the baptism of the Holy Ghost on two promises, not for Christian baptism, but to prepare a man for a work above finite comprehension , as I think it will bs seen. "C. of E.'s" first proof text, Matt. iii., 2, ' He shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with fire ; second , Acts I, C, ' But you shall be baptised with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.' Here are two promises to the same men, one from John, the other from the Lord ; but on what authority can ' C. of E ' claim a right to either, if Jesus was the Lamb slain from the foundation and became a sacrifice for the sins of the world, and the Apostles proclaimed from the foundation of the world. Jesus said, ' Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you.' He also said, ' Ye are my witnesses, and greater works than them shall ye do, because I go unto the Father!" and when we read Matt. Ill,, 10-1 7, and Acts II., 3, anil see the mighty work of God, in each case visible to mortal sight— here is a display of the power and love of God In giving His Beloved Son to redeem the world, and also to prepare men with supernatural power to proclaim and prove His resurrection and pro- claim salvation on that finished work. Now, if ' C. of E.' can find another visible dis- play of the Holy Ghost like unto this then he may claim the baptism of the Holy Ghost as his right. I have not space to speak on Cornelias, so refer to Acts x , 47, also Acts vil., 12-16 (not a word about the babies here) ; see also I Peter ill., 20, to the cod, also Heb. ix., 28, when He (Christ) shall appear a second time apart from sin to them that wait for Him unto salvation. That will be the time for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. — Yours, etc , WM. COVENTRY Waratah. 