®\\\mnt |lotf5. Mr. Kelson has promised that the reform of the electoral law will be taken up by the Government in this Parliament, and it is to be hoped the repeal of tbe contingent vote clauses of tbe present Act will be included in that reform- That vote was devised and }fi9£ed for partisan purposes. A bye-election bad been nel-t in Bturdaberg, when there Labour candidate, and the latter slipped in between the two former. On this solitary instance Mr. Barlow brought forward his contingent vote, and the Government took it up and passed it. There have now been two general elections held under it, and in only one catx was the first retult of tbe poll altered by the contingent vote. That was three years ago, when Mr. Hodgkinson was defeated for Lockyer by Mr. Armstrong. In every other case in that general election, and in every case witbont exception in tbe election ju«t closed, the counting of the contingent vote left the candidates just where they were ; it slightly reduced or increased the lead of the wiuner, but in no instance did it pm him oat and his opponent in. Vet in a good number of elections there were several candidates standing in the same interest. For all practical purposes the coo Undent vole has thos been proved to be tbe fifth wheel in the electoral coach. On that ground alone it might fitly he abolished. Bet with nothing to eay in its favour, there are two serious charges to be made against it. There is no doubt it confuses voters, who look very much askance at it, and in ma&y; instances refuse to use it lest they make their ballot papers invalid. Voting cannot be too simple, /or there are always people ready for their own purposes to suggest difnenhies which do not exist, as witness the discredit able attempt in the election here to make voters believe plumping « as illegal Tba« is the first charge against the vote — -it tends to confusion ; and the second is th&t; it multiplies candidates. With the contingent vote in operation a vain or ambitious man, who really has no chance, will yet offer him self, and, pointing to the contingent vote, declare he is not -endangering the chances of some candidate of hia own party. Thus tn the Cook election decided oa Saturday there were three candidates, the Ministerial, the Labour, and an Independent candidate. The latter was much more in harmony with tbe Ministerial than the Labour representative, and if there had been no con tingent vote be would in all probability have hesitated to stand less he should thereby put tbe Labour candidate in. But with the coDtingeat rote he could say that he would take his outside chance for what it was worth ; he would not thereby imperil the seat to the Ministry, for his supporters would all be asked to vote contingently for the Miui sterial candidate. The result shows he had no chance, the Ministerial candidate was at the top of tbe poll both in the primary vole and also with the ccntingent vote counted. So tbe only effect of the vote in this consti tuency was to tempt into tbe field a man who never had the slightest chance of being returned. Thus thtre are two positive evils arising from the contingent vote — the con fusion it causes in the mind of the voter, and the temptation it offers to men without a ghost of a chance to stand for election ; and agunat these there is no advantage at all to be claimed for it. A very pleasing incident in Victorian political life took place last week in Mel bourne, when a present of a puree contaiauu; £631 was made to Mr. Trenwith, one of the Labour members of the Assembly, to enable him to proceed to England there to undergo a delicate operation on his eyes. Tbe p o posal to make this present originated in the Assembly, and report states that every member contributed to ic bnt one. Whether that is true or not, when it became known that the ooly, or the chief, hope of Mr. Trenwith continuing in political life lay undergo this operatiuP, tbere was a generous emulation between parties to provide him with the means for the trip. The gift was presented by tbe Speaker, Sir Graham Berry, who, after mentioning tuat members bitterly opposed to Mr. Trenwith politically were as eager to subscribe to this gift as his closest political friends, went on to ascribe this pleasing fact to tbe courtesy with which Mr. Trenwtib had ever treated hie opponents, no less than to bis ability as a member of Parliament. 'As Speaker,' air Graham Berry said, 'he had watched Mr. Tren with'a career with the greatest interest, the calm, concise way to which he argued, and tbe logical sequence with which hs ex pressed himself, but his courteous and dis passionate manner towads opponents whilst strongly maintaining bis own views.' The Premier, who alsoepoke, said he remembered that when Mr. Trenwith first entered Parlia ment there were *niny who thought he should be swept from public life, but many oi these uien now hoped he might occupy that position fur many years. t a for the members of the House, Mr. Turner said they would look on Mr. Trenwith'a permanent absence as a national loss. Yet although all these kind things have been taid about him by his poli tical opponents, it is not alleged in any quarter that Mr. Treuvrith hus flinched in the slightest froth confessing and defending bis well-known Labour views. He is as pro nounced a politician in that respect as he ever was. But he speaks concisely, he speaks logically, and he speaks courteously. That is the secret of his popularity, and it is also the secret of hia influence and of his political success, which has been considerable. He does not deem it necessary, as unfortu nately some of onr Labour members la Queensland do, and notably their leader, to violently denounce every proposal with which he does not agree, and to personally | abuse the men supporting such proposals. He does not impute disgraceful motives to bii opponents, and the tpeecfaea of Mr. Glaamey and several of his followers are, as a general rule, filled with, the most scandalous imputa tions against those opposed to them. 'Uien Mr. Trenwtth speaks concisely and logically. low many of our Labour members do that? It would probably be asking too much from some of them to speak logically, that demands come slight mental power, bat they -could apeak ahortiy, and yet they never do. To ask them to take an example in courtesy rotn Mr. Archer or iu conciseness from Mr. Nelson would be answered with derision. Would there be any different response if they were hnmbly petitioned to accept Mr. Tren* with as a model to be followed * Tbe statement that Mr. Tozer tt*ink» the Queensland representatives to the federation convention will be chosen by Parliament »*M not by the electors will go far to confirm the suspicion that the Government b 'really opposed to federation, and would like to see the present effort to obtain it defeated. At the conference of Premiers held in Hobart, Mr. Kelson being present, it waa unani mously agreed that the representatives to tbe convention were to be returned by the elector*. There were to be ten mem bers from each colony, and the decision that they should be chosen by the electors was come to in order to arouse public interest in the movement and at the same time to give a wider choice. The Act providing* tor this has now been passed by all the colonies except Queensland and Western Australia. Queens land could have passed the Act Uat session if the Government bad wished, but the Govern ment all through has been slow to move in the maiu*. Lately Mr. Byrne* professed his open hostility to federation unless it could be shown to him that Brisbane would oof suffer under it. When Mr. Reid was in Brisbane last week it was said he extracted m. promise from Mr. Nelson that the Enabling BUI would be presented to Parliament whenever it met. Now we have tbe news that is uiU probably be presented with the cardinal clause of the agreement ddjberateh/ omitted. The people ot all the other colonies are to be invited to Btlect the representatives of the colony to this bistoiicand momentous gathering f but tbe Government intends according to' this report to ask the Queensland Parliament to retain that power in ita , own hands, and to elect the colony's represenU tivea from its own body. This can only ***fl in a party appoinMneat. Tbe 42overnmenx will decide in Cabinet who are to represent Queensland on the convention, and tiie deci sion trill be carried out by a party vote. With a Government reasonably suspected of hostility to federation, then can be little hope that true supporters of the federation movement will be selected by it to represent this colony in tbe convention. We have some awful examples of reckless construction of railways held up to us now and again in tbe colonies. Qneeuabnd, for instance, has been gibbetted time* *&d; a^ain over the Cairns Hailway, and has had to endure the caustic observations of her critics with what fortitude she could summon up. But such rash expendiinre of money is not confined to the s-.ustralian ^K.nim, nor to those uho have the management of state rail ways. Private enterprise in such things has its flutter now and again, wfaea.it some times contrives Co Jeare - far behind the poor blundering colonial Govern ment, stumbling under state- ownership of railways and payment of members.' The latest instance comes from Hmdiftw ? It is some time now since the Hi*nnhfti*r jfflPal was opened, and it might reasonably be expected that the trade which it was to secure, and develop «ould have begun -to show itaelf in the company's tranaactKua. JBo it has, for we are told that the trade 4one iu 1S93 showed sn increase over that of 1S&V; What room there is for an increase is plainly sbou-n in the balance- sheet. The paid-op capital of tbe company is £15,407,000, nearly as much as ia tank in the whole of the Queensland railways. Ot that total £4,000.000 consists of ordinary capital, £4,000,000 of preference capital, and £7,407,000 of debenture capital. The interest charge on tbe debenture t^ratml was in 1S95 £321,280, which was a fraction leas than four and a-h*!f ptr cent, *ad the net earnings amounted to £85,442. So there wai a deficiency in meeting the interest on the de benture capital of £245,83S. Or. in other words, the net earnings were less than one per cent on the debenture capital, and less than a half per cent en the total capital of the company. Now suppose a colonial Government bad -achieved, this result over tome adventure in 4tat£-owoed railways, what seven homilies wonld-haveteen. preached to it respecting its incompetence and criminal recklessness in .throwing away money in this fashion. Also, how solemnly' it woald have been warned to let thia4be a lesson to it never again to interfere in those matters which were vacred to private enter prise. There are some people whom we may be sure are deeply sorry thia canal was not dog by a colonial Government instead of a private company, and that is those, who have sunk their mon y in it. I£ * Government, or at any rate an Austr*ttm, Government, builds a railway, thaw vh& supply the money are perfectly certain of their interest uo matter bow tfee Venture, turns out. If these fifteen millions had been lent to the Govern meuU of Australia^ and had been sank \a railways which, yielded lees than « half per cent «* the cost, those who advanced that cost would still have received their interest every hatf. year. That is one advantage which tbe pri* vate enterprise railway or canal has over the state ouued one ; it «iiuply does not pay anybody for a long cumber of years, tbeu it mar blossom into a fine paying concern, and. be held up as an example of what private 'enterprise can da Whether this js.u *4 rantage appreciated by those who pnt their Inoney inlo the concern ia a question on which the (bareholders of the Manchester Ship Canal Company possibly ho!d strong opinions. 