A Suggestive Story. It is a vexed question just how far individuals are controlled by the suggestions of others. Certainly, weak-willed people are automata ic the hands of those of stronger individuality, and there is evidence that even the strongest willed are influenced by the suggestions of a combination of the weaker minds. In fact the law of suggestion contains pos sibilities for a discussion longer than anybody can remember, and about as useful to mankind as the proposition that there are payable gold mines in Mars. An instance of how this uncontrolled law of suggestion works when it gets a show was afforded by the Mount Lyell case the other day. In the course of his evidence, an important witness gave particulars of a rousing time he once had at plaintiff's hotel in Melbourne. It appears that he dined, and dined well. Pish, and beer, and " other nice things were included in a graphic description of the banquet, and the court heard with much interest that witness deposited himself on plaintiff's sofa in a glorious state of hilarious enjoyment, induced by the unwonted hospitality, and didn't remember going to bed, During the recital (says an eye-witness) there was dead silence in the court. Even the hard visage of Barrister Pnrves relaxed somewhat, and a trembling sensation was observable about the corners of his classic mouth. An expression of extreme wistfulness was seen to pervade the other faces gathered round the lawyers' table, and the reporters looked positively hungry. The ghost of a flickering smile, as if in memory of other days, flitted softly and swiftly along the judges' bench as the witness entered into tha spirit of the recitation and lovingly dwelt on' the excellence of the lobster salad and " other nice things." At last the particulars petered out, and the court adjourned with a mighty longdrawn sigh, like the children indulge in when the curtain falls on their first pantomime. The next day the same witness climbed into the box to continue his evidence, but somehow his manner was awfully queer—so queer in fact that the O.J. and his brothers gently commented on the fact. The weary one straightened Minnrif np and protested that he could at least give evi dence as to facts. One of the judges unkindly remarked that the " facts " would be taken cum grano salts, and a storm seemed to be looming up on the horizon. Witness saw that protestations availed him not, and glanced appealingly at the barrister's tablp. But not one ray of hope appeared from that quarter. The bewigged polls were bent industriously over briefs. The legal fraternity had, apparently, something of far more importance to attend to than the vagaries of a " shikkered " witness endeavoring to square himself with the bench. A silence filled to the brim with eloquence pervaded the atmosphere for several seconds, and the spectators held their breath in suspense. The bench looked at the bar, and from thence to the witness, and at last, with a husky cough chokeful of meaning, ordered the case to proceed. Then np bobbed the wigs into view once more, and several flushed faces beneath said wigs strove valiantly to assume their normal aspect. The witness floundered despairingly on. His evidence was made more ludicrous by the looks of ineSable scorn he occasionally cast at the bar. Those looks seemed to say: "Base deserters of a chum ; ribald consumers of my lobster. Avaunt! and be for ever cursed." It would be, perhaps, unfair to hint that there was any real justification for the mute appeal and the silent curses the witness threw at the bar, but everything points to the supposition that the lawyers knew more than they cared tD acknowledge. All of which shows what an insidious thing is this law of suggestion. Criminologists aver that the sight of a hanging or a flogging sometimes induces a morbid desire for crime in the minds of the spectators. In like manner the graphic recounting of a glorious spree has been known to affect the hearers to such an extent that they felt unconsciously impelled to go and do likewise. That lawyers are not proof against this sort of thing only proves that lawyers, like other people, have a good deal of human nature in their compositions after all. Which isn't much to boast about. 