THE WORLD'S Sst 6ib CHAMPIONSHIP. Sol Smith (Ameri9&! Beats Willie Smith cP'ngland) .ifri" EightTcrOndfc for'£200. \jThe KaUonal Sportiut Club < London ) 4®as filled on Monday. November, tft witness the above coRtcst. The English lad was the favorite at 2 to 1 on. good judges declaring the American had not the "ghost of a chance." The Contest. Sol Smith entered the ring attired Jd a large striped robe r,f red nud dark grey, but Willie, in black attire, took bis seat nearest the stage, and finished his preparations, attended by Dick Burge and Tommy Orange. The American had in his corner Eddie Dealing. George Monro, and Pat Daly. On time being called ibey stopped to the centre, each eyeing the other cautiously. Willie Smith looked a good inch taller than his rival, and by his attitude bis length and reach ap peared much longer than Solly's, who. in a somewhat stooping style, worked bis hands in with a. quick movement close to his body in the manner of "Kid " Lavigne. and forcibly reminded many of the onlookers of our late visi tor. Sol. aft<»r Willie had feinted, let go both hands for the body, but in bis eagerness to reach bis rival he slipped on one knee. Willie . being content, to counter the other's rushes. After the usual rest Willie stood carefully oo guard, aud Sob trying to weave in, wag met by a stinging left-hander that turned him completely round, bur, no thing daunted, the American again dashed iu and drove Willie to the ropes. In the third round Willie was sent down, but on regaining his feet simply stood and took the gruelling served out until time came to his as sistance. but SoJ. in his eagerness, could not bring off the desired knock out. The punishment served out dur ing the remainder of ihe journey, which closed in the eighth round, was all against Willie Smith, whose ap- pearnnce betokened the pace and handiwork of his rival, and after being unmercifully handled by Sol who htdd the upper hand throughout, the referee stopped the contest and awarded .the victory io the Ainericnu. who out classed his oppouent at every point and stage of tiie game, and dearly showed to the members present that there was but one man in it 