GOSSIP FROM F0G0P0L1S. LONDON. March 20. (From Our London Correspondent.) I notke tbat the melancholy V^estralian shopkeeper has arisen to the fact that the label " Made in Germany" liae its advantages, and now above the " Bunbury beet" and " <iuildfordgrape" waves the appalling Dotice, Grown in VV.A.," Shades of Schisscr Land ; listen to the lilt of the " Dry blower" :— No othvr colony eh»U claim Weptralia's \\\>alth—Westralia V ftme, 'Tits she shall i> ay tlie winning gams If there's a. game to play ; All Nations K1JU.11 confounded stand, When Plenty reigns in JaiTih lard, Ami all her jiroducts show the braiid, MADE IN AY,A." Should hugles Eoncil o'er peaceful York, id< r warriors swift as voiijf'fnl hawJr, Ami pluck sustained by Northam pork, thai! sally to the fray : TIIPII when the smoke of conflict R^FTIV We'll give them thirst- jispiring cli'-ny. An.l own thai York's re-Kusilicro Were "MADE IN W.A." Observe tlie " swamper" on the trauk. Who drops his swag from off his Ijiick, T<» help a load—with spade and jack— From out a bog o£ elay. HctUeu receives the teamster's tluvnk?, They're picturesque aud strong as banks, Ami best explained bv stars and blanks Whea "JLADB IX W.A." If friends possess a mail desire To send to you an urgent wire. And ill a ino.ith when you inquire Concerning gross delay, Should sulphurous language from yon How, They'll still more inattentive grow, Anil prove the fiact that Sholl uul Co. Were "MADE IN W.A." And then to stimulate our triide. We'll climge the proverb oft displayed, Tliat " Marriage^ In Heav'u are nuulu" Without uudue delay ; The name of Heav u wc'llllieu erase And put Westralia in its place. And on the marriage Hues we'll trace, » JI4.DE IN W.A." Mr. Llewellyn Williams, M.E.F.&A.;, haB been trying to tenant hie fellow countrymen to inveBC iu a scheme, vague and shadowy, which has for its object the rawing of capita) to enable him to. return to Wtstralie, there to " invest" some ^twenty thousand pounds or so. His plain, unvarnished tale leceired an eqoally plain and unvarnished showing up in tne financial press, and the antecedents of the boundless Welshman were pretty freely raked up. The 11 Dryblower'' honors him. with the followingacrostic:— - L for Llewellyn, the nugget digestor, W for Wanted, by wearied investor, it for the Mugs of confident Wales, • ' K for the liars, tliat drauk iu Ids tales, F for his Friends, with vernacular strong, • ' 1 fc> for the Ship that nil] bear him along, A for another young " typist" gone wrong. Y- 'i The brutal" Boer has again given another illustration of his innate '-savagery," : in the following manner:—lhe Tranevasil Government has notified its intention cf ordering the exhumation of the remains of tlie Ohaiteied Company s troopers who were killed in the. fighting at Doornkop aud weir removal to a suitable enclosed cemetery. Two "bulls" are attributed (by a correspondent of The Spectator, to the late Sir George Campbell. On one occasion he had ' been calling attention in the House of Commons to some abuse in Indian administration,'- and proceeded to olserve that he had further revelat ions to make concerning otherssandale, in comparison wiili which this one was -a mere flea-bite in the ocean." Another time. ^ whens eaking about military affairs in India, he declare t ihatthe pale face of the British Boldier was the backoone of our Indian Army." after these suc-cimens of the "Tanris Caledeniensis," the Irish will have to look to * heir laurels. \- •_ The f >1 lowing bull was madeby an English judge who faid to a guilty prisoner, "Do;, you know .. ihat for these m^oc ic|jcaiou repeated breaches uuiwnes of w J,' 1 the law it is within my power to sentence - you to terms of penal s rvitude fax' exceeding-'i* i 1 , = ., o your natural life;'" A Milteian bull which is hard.to beat, relates to a defendant's counsel, who, pointing ' to the plaintiff, said, " There he sits walking up and down like a motionless statue- with the cloak of hypocrisy in his mouth trving to wire-draw three oak tr.es cut of my client's pocket." There is every reason to suppose that; General Booth has finally decided to locate his Darktst England" over-sea colony in - H South Africa. An experienced officer hj« 'been investigating th* conditions of the site ^ offered for it there, and hi* report is said to ^ be most favorable. At one time West AusV^® ualia was thought o:, but South Africa/ among ether advantages, is much nearer tfe* EngLnd. For which escape Westralians will fervently ejacuJa e " hallelujah," likewise ' Praise the Loo- ard." -T'. The subjoined quotation from Drydeh might almost, have been written in advance for der Kaiser :"— ; , A man so various tliat he seeuied to be, Not one, but ali mankind's epitome; • : !-tiff iu opinions, always in the wrong; ~ Was everything hy starts, aud nothing Jong, llut, in the course of one revolving uioou, Was chemist, fiddler, statesman, and buffoon ; : . Then all for women, painting, rhymiug, drinking, Besides ten thousand freaks thiit died in thinking, Blest madman, who could every hour employ With something new to wish or to enjoy; Hailing and praising were his usual themes, Ami both, to show his judgment, in extremes, The li> tie King of Spain; according to ... floating paragraph.'baa for his lr-sson,tlieT f other day the mottoes of the different Euro- , pean countries, He got as far as England/ and promptly recited, " DIeu et mon Droit," and then abruptly asked," What is the motto ,S: v of America ?" Count Z , who happened to be in tlie room at the time, answered,, Dieu et, Mon roe." The first financial paper published in this country in a foreign language has just made its appearance, under the title of Zs Monitcur des Mines. The object of the new publication, as stated in its first editorial, is to give' information on all mines to foreign investors,- 7 and for this purpese the language whichlt has adopted is particularly suitable. The paper is well produced, and there would appear to be ample scope for its ®perations. - 'lhe following amusingly patriotic notice was inserted in a Brazilian paper recently :—^ " In view of the rash and usurping proceeding of the British Government towards the , ' Government of my country. I declare that M from this day forward I decline the friendebip which up to this date I have had with some Englishmen. 1 declare further that my, # establishment cailed 'Serea Paulista' (Paul-";/ ista Mermaid), as before, is open to receives? any foreigner with courtesy—except the English, who belong to a country at present directed by an unscrupulous Government; ? Long live Brazil ! AUGUSTO PJBDKO DE ' OLIVEIBA.'* . There has lately arisen in Perm and the neighbauring provinces of East Russia a sect vi cf anarchists by religious conviction, knowii as the |Neplatyelshtchiki, or l'hose-who do- v not-pay. They are convinced that all the P institutions of Church and State area fraud, " because the affairs of the world are at pre- ? sent in the hands of Antichrist. Upon this ground they refuse to pay taxes of aoy kind, ; • and claim the free enjoyment of the land as A God's land."' They declarc tbat 7,000 years having now elapsed since the beginning of the world, the age of religious symbolism • has given way to the age of the Holy Ghost, and they therefore condemn ali religiouB : rites and emblems. They meet frequently to read the Bible and the Bus*ian fathers to- , gether, shun the society of all but their fellow-ssctarianB, and drink no wine. Everyone knows tbat a branch of this church h&s; existed in Westralia. and as hotel proprietors and boardiag-bouse keepers can testify, ite numerous coheranis scrupulously canform to the rights of their creed. = ' OutBide pressure is being hrought to bear upon the Duke of Cambridge to induce ibis Eoyal Highness not to accppt the special pension which haB been offered to him. So i»T;ias the'^Goyehunent are change of front is in contemplation. The= shamffacei propesition to increase thi» alraady overpaid Boyal personag^'s penslOtt , - is simply disgraceful. It is evident th&t; the Government art afraid to bound to t>& played over l^ quieeticn. > j • ^ 