The louso of Silac. [BY DR. J. H. ROBINBON.] OHAPTER VI.-Contizued. This essential matter being decided, Stein cracked his whip and whirled on again, his brain about as much in a whirl as the wheels. The sudden acquisition of wealth had gone far to turn his head. He fell into a profound state of mental activity, giving full score to his imagination. 'Perched up6n his seat, he bought a ,house lot, a very excellent and expensive site, built a fine house, and run it up two stories higher than any of its neighbours; planted shade trees, set out rare exotice, made very hard gravelled walks, built an iron fence and a row of handsome stables, and purchased an elegant turn-out. He married, also, a lovely woman, whose beauty was the envy of all the Women far and near, and raised an extraordinary family. All this Otto did, on his box. The picture was so dazzling, that he forgot where he was, and flourished his whip and cut up the horses, without realising what he was about, which conduct produced an un toward accident, for the animals, being spirited and not used to that kind of treatment, set off. upon a run, and at the very moment when Otto had raised his remarkable family, shied out of the road, and ran over a stone of such magnitude that the car riage was instantly upset; while the imaginative driver, sutddenly losing all sight of his house, was precipitated head foremost into a heap of brush, receiving thereby many uncomfortable hurts and contusions. It fared little better with Howden; for he was dragged a considerable distance in the overturned vehicle, with one of his fingers crushed between the wood work and the heavy coffer. The horses were stopped at.length, by a negro, who saw the misadventure from a neighbouring plantation. The carriage was righted, and found crippled to such an extent, that nearly .the whole of the remainder of the day was spent in repairing it. Howden had time to complain of his crushed finger, and Otto of his scratches and bruises. Both lamented the unfortunate occur rence, while 'their fears were continu ally excited lest the .coffer should be seen by passers-by. To Otto it was especially a day of nervous trepida tion and terror. He welcomed hear tily the approach of night, but was in a very feverish condition when How den stopped at a wayside inn to refresh the horses." No persuasion could induce him to enter the house. He spread his coat over the strong box and sat upon it till Howden was ready to stairt again. He marvelled how his sage master could be so calm -'-while there was so much at stake. Having procured the necessary imple ments for the execution of their pur pose, two hours after dark, Otto had the satisfaction of seeing the horses' heads turned in the direction of the city. The night proved dark and aus picibus. At eleven o'clock they reached the stone house. The neigh bouring streets were deserted, and silence brooded over the place. Otto drove to the rear of the dwelling, for there was no appearance of a gate in front. The wall' enclosed much ground, and there was a large court in the rear. Both were impressed with the solitude and gloom of the dwell ing. Howden searched for a gate, and found one so massive that he doubted the practicability of forc ing it. He placed his shoulder against it, to test its firmness; to his surprise it yielded and opened with a dismal creak. Stein then led the horses into the court, and the coffer was lifted from the vehicle. Howden had taken the precaution to get a lan torn at one of the plantations, and he now ventured to light it, and examine the grim structure from a nearer point of view. He discovered, near the centre, some steps which led to a door that had the appear ance of not having been opened for many years; it was large and of such a style of architecture, and painted in such a manner, that at a short distance it seemed a part of the contiguous walls. ' Where are the windows ? 'inquired Otto. 'Up so high that they look like crows' nests' replied Howden. 'Yes, I remember. We must force the door. Stand aside, and let me insert the point of this iron bar. Or, stay, try it; push against it; it may open after the fashion of the gate.' 'No hope of that.' Howden threw his whole weight against the door, which, flying open, allowed him to measire his length in the hall. Luck ily,' the' lantern was not broken or extinguished. 'This is very singular,' he mut tered, getting upon his feet. 'Watch the box, Stein, while I, explore a little.' Howden held up his light, but could not see the lofty ceiling, the feeble rays struggling only to the top of the windows. He saw partitions running this way and that, and various doors, all of which were fas toned. The architecture was of the heaviest description, the wainscoting of oak. Mold and cobwebs adhered to the walls, and every step he took disturbed the dust of half a cen fury. Having walked the hall and made various observations, he ro. turned and helped Otto tug the coffer up the stone steps and across the silent threshold. Both threw them selves down panting like dogs after a . long chase. 'Oh, the trouble of being executor,' laughed Howden. ' It has been a terrible day,' said Otto. ' My hair has grown gray since morning.' ' Go back with the horses, Otto, and I'11 keep guard over our wealth till you return.' 'It would be a good plan to lay a Bible on the box, if we had one, to keep the devil from flying away with it. It is said that he can't carry off anything with a Bible on it.' 'Be off, Otto. I'll take care of his satanic majesty. Pull that door after you, and close the gate, too.' Howden stretched himself upon the floor, set the lantern beside hini, rested his head on the coffer, and pre sented the picture of a successful man, who means to make himself as com fortable as possible; while Stein obeyed the orders he had received. He returned the horses and carriage to the stable, then, urged by an irre: sistibla curiosity, made his way to the house of the Jew. The narrow court was pitchy dark, and he groped along it like a man in a diram,. He reached, anon, the door he sought. The place was silent as a tomb. No ray of light gleamed from the sick man's room. A piece of crape was tied to the handle of the door. 'Dead,' mut tered Stein, 'dead. Gone where synagogues and gold will never trouble him.' Otto was faint and hungry, and his emotions still overpowering. He leaned against the wall a moment, pressed his right hand to his unsteady head, while he grasped a casement with the other; he then hurried away as if pursued by the old man's ghost, shuddering more than once with super stitious horror, as he felt his way out of the court. OHAPTER VII. Terence did not fail to keep the appointment made by' the beggar. The sonorous tongue of the old cathedral was tolling nine when he reached the designated spot. He was somewhat perplexed at the outset, in regard to the propriety of taking Fritr with him; but as no interdict had been laid upon his being thus accompanied, they set out together. As we before stated, the night was intensely dark, and the silent house, with its surrounding wall, looming in vague, indistinct outline before him, assumetl new and curious interest in his apprehension. He paced slowly around it, marking every irregularity, angle and departure from the ordi nary standard of architecture. Fritz trudged at his heels, grumbling good- naturedly, and making quaint remarks. 'It is an odd way of making one's fortune,' he said, marching round this old castle, with solemn pace, like Don Quixote guarding his army. ' If you had any particular object in view, I shouldn't mind the exertion. If you were on the scout for a good supper, for instance, it would be something sensible.' 'No doubt, no doubt,' returned Terence, quickening his steps. 'It's very inconvenient to the peer,' added Fritz. 'Just think of the good things there are in the world that can be bought with money. Call up to your mind the different kinds of game -the duck, the pigeon, the partridge, and add to them the domestic birds the chicken, the turkey, and the goose. Then, there are the fishes in the sea, in the rivers 'and lakes. Think of salmon! Saddles and sir loins, think of salmon.' 'I can only think of the splendid creature I saw this morning,' an swered Terence, abstractedly. 'What kind of fish was it?' in quired Fritz, eagerly. 'It was no fish at all, you jack pudding! It was a young woman,' retorted Terence, somewhat out of temper. ' A young woman !' sneered Fritz. 'What's a young woman compared with the delicacies which give comfort to one's stomach-fried trout, baked base, broiled oysters, ham br'ilcd in champagne, pate de foi gras, partridge on toast, &c.;, &c.;' As Fritz named a score of other dainties, in imagination he feasted upon them until his senses were ab sorbed in contemplstion of his barme cide feapt, and the delight it gave him. He had taken a seat upon a stone, and while he smacked his lips over the food he fancied he was eating, he be gan to nod. In a shabort time Terence heard his heavy breathing, and believed him in the land of dreams. 'Poor sensualist. I wonder what'll become of him?' he murmured, thoughtfully. 'Perhaps,' he resumed, 'it's a blessing that his sensibilities are no finer; he'll pass through the world with less pain, I dare say.' The cathedral bell tolled the hour often. 'An hour past the time,' said the young man,- in a tone of disappoint ment. 'The beggar, I fear, has played me a trick.' Ten, fifteen, twenty minutes elapsed, at the expiration of which time he saw some one approaching. At first he thought it was the beggar; but discovering that it was not, the rem nant of his patience was ready to leave him. He was internally heap. ing maledictions on the old man's head, when the -figure approached him, and said: ' You have waited along time.' 'For whom ?' asked Terence. 'For me,' replied-the unknown. 'I do not know you,' replied Terence, suspiciously. 'No matter-it is all the same. Wake up your friend, and follow me.' Terence shook Fritz from his slum ber, who, rubbing his eyes, inquired if breakfast was ready. 'Get up, and come along l' said Terence. The newcomer approached the gate of the silent house, took a large, rusty key from his pocket, opened it, passed in, and after the two young men had entered the court, closed it, took out the key, but did: not lock it. Mounting the stone steps, the same action was repeated at the door, and Terence and Fritz found themselves in the dusty hall of the mysteri~u[ diwelling. The most natural query which pre sented itself to the young man was, 'What next ?' They were not long kept in suspense. Their guide, groping about, found a lamp, which he lighted. Terence had now better opportunity of observing his conductor. He was quite tall, and of a hardy, muscular mould. His limbs, though well developed, were no larger than symm'etrical proportions demanded; but the flesh was compact, the thews and sinews well knit. He carried himself erect, and his walk was dignified, commanding, and easy.:His face was one to fix the attention and elicit comment; it was foreign in its cast and dark enough to have ripened beneath the suns of Italy. His visage was one of those indescribable ones that can better be delineated by the artist than by the author. There was a rigidity about the mouth, a certain tension of the facial muscles, a firm ness in the effect of the united features, that marked him at once a man of no conimon stamp. His brow was massive, and hung over eyes that flashed out from their depths rays of searching light. His beard and hair were dark as ebony. In striking con trast to his complexion, there was a line of singular pallidness around his lips. His hands were notably small, and white as a lady's; upon the third finger of the left he wore a diamond of remarkable size and bril liancy. His dress of plain black, though harmonising as a whole with his physique, inclined somewhat to sombreness. It' did not, in all re spects, conform to the style of the country, but had an indefinable pres tige of another clime. Terence Clyde made these observa tions in less, time than we have. De spite his natural levity of disposition, he experienced sensations of awe in the presence of this man; the hour the place, the circumstances, con spired to lengthen these emotions. He began to reflect seriously why he was there, and what his commence ment portended. What connection had the beggar with this prison ? Why had he bidden him find the House of Silence? The stranger traversed half the length of the hall, produced a second key, opened a door to his right, and said : 'Young men, your fortunes lead you this way.' Terence wished to question him, but somehow could not summon reso lution to do so. He obeyed the promptings of his guide without speaking. The door, as soon as it had given ingress to his companion and himself, was shut, and the rusty bolt pushed back in its place. Terence beheld nothing but wainscoted walls, high windows and ceiling, dark cas~ ments, and floor painted in antique designs. Their guide did not pause, but passed from this apartment into a smaller one, the walls of which were finished in open panels resembling doors. One of these panels-which proved to be constructed with a spring and slide-he opened, revealing the top of a staircase. He motioned Terence and Fritz to precede him. Olosing the panel after them he led the way down a winding flight of steps. Fritz shivered, and looked about suspiciously when they reached the bottom; he glanced en treatingly at his friend, and felt chilled at contact with the dark" stone floor. 'A few steps farther,' said the guide, and our present explorations will cease.' (fToe Continued ) 