CHINA AID JAPAN. THE BATTLE OF YALU RIVER, ' It waa on the morning of September 17th, 1894,' said Captain M'Giflln ' that wo first sighted the Japanese fleet. Our squadron— under Admiral Ting Ju Chang— had arrived at the mouth of the Yalu River, in convoy of transports the day before. Tho disembarkation oftho troops which took place fifteen miles up the river, occupied tho whole of tho night. Noxt morning— Monday, tho 17th — each ship went to general quarters, and wo woro buoy exercising the crews at tho guu3, when tho Japanese fleet camo in sight. It was a boautifnl day, with a gontlo breeze, and we could Bee and count tho number of their ships distinctly. As soon aa wo saw tho enemy, and before they Bighted us, we up anchor and started after them. As thoy were steaming ahead, and wo woro lying still, they mado moro smoke than we did, and so we go sight of them beforo they perceived us. But whon wo started in pursuit, thoy woro im mediately mado aware of our presence by our increasing plumes of smoke' For a while they seomod to hold off, reconnoitring, Thoy must have known that wo had six torpedo boata and four gunboats, besides our regular squadron, and they consequently thought wo wero even moro formidable than wo really were, because tho torpedo-boats and the gunboats woro up the river' aud of tho lot only two of tho fonnor oined ua during tho battle— and that when it was half over. ' While thus reconnoitring ua, ' con tinned M'Giflln, 'they were going parallel to our squadron, aud, to the oyes of Commodore Lin, seemed to bo steaming away from us, I Bhall never forget tho effect tho sight had upon the poor follow. Wo woro on tho bridge togother, and upon seoiug them, aa he thought, move away, his faco became beaming, nud he cried out iu English he had previously been Bpoaking Chinese— clapping his hands together and striding along the bridge ns he did so, 'Goddam, they retire! Goddam, they retire!' I said, 'They do not mean to go away, captain, We shall havo our fight.' ' I wua on the bridge taking tho range when tho action begau, and all through the action I had little chance of seeing what was going on beyond the fighting of our own ship. I had time to admire tho enemy's lino of battle. But thero was hardly timo to admire tho beauty of the scone before I waft made aware that tho action had begun iu earnest by the Ting Yuen opening fire. Wo followed suit a minuto or two afterwards, and the Japs soon replied to our music. It was oflicers. A Bhot passed over us : it was only a ricochet ; but ifc was enough to put all the fight out of the major part of them. Indeed, I may say that hardly ono waa seen after that, I saw our navigating lieutenant, a Foochow man— all a cowardly lot — disappear, pale as a ghost, from tho starboard turrot at tho second shot. I had occasion to give him a bit of my mind, or, rather, of my foot, a littlo later. Something had gono wrong with tho training engine of one of tho turrets, and I was obliged to go down into tho armored place bolow to put it to rights. As I was getting down, somebody caught hold of my legs and tried to atop me, shouting out, 'There's no room for any more horo —you must go somewhere else to hide.' I looked down and saw tho navigating officer and eomo half a score moro crouching there iu mortal fear, I was so mad with tho navigating lieutenant that I let him havo ono in tho chest with my foot, knocking all tho wind out of him. Thoy let mo go down after that, and so I was enablod to put tho eugino to rights.' No wonder tho Japanese wore vic torious with such a foe. But ovon this was not tho worst, for Captain M'Giflln found Commodore Vin— commander of the right wing, and his senior ofllcor on the Chen Yuou— in an evou still moro degrading position than his oflicors. ' Every now and then I heard a strange noiso in the conniug- tower, bolow me,' said the captain; 'It was more like the howling of a dog thau anything olso I can liken it to, and I was very curious to know what it could be. Hoivevez-, ' I hud not timo to inquire then. But aftor a whi^o I had occasion to go down into the conniug-tower, in order to fight the ship whon, to my astonishmont, who should I see but my worthy captain ! Ho was lying grovelling on his stomach, jabbering as fast as he could in Chineso —praying, in fact praying and cursing in the samo breath— and overy timo a shot struck tho ship ho howled liko a dog. I shall never forgot the Hight, nor the sound, as long as I live, I folt in clined to kick him, although 1 didn't, But all through tho engagement, I know when a shot had struck us by hia howla, though otherwise, I wns too much taken up with tho fight to havo noticed tho impact of the shots. 'A3 to tho fighting of tho Chen Yuen,' said Captain M'Giffin, 'tho worst risk we ran wns when she got on flro forward. 1 was in tho conning tower, from whonco I had boon issuing orders, when a firo broke out in tho super-atruoturo over tho forecastle. It hnu mado considerable headway whon I gavo orders for a line of hose to bo run out. Wo wero thon in the hottest of the fight, nnd tho men refused to go unlosa an officer led them. There waa only one willing to uudortako tho job— tho gunnery lieutenant in the port barbette, a fino plucky fellow \ but wo could not spare him on account of his knowing so many of tho Chinoao dialects, nnd so I had to go myself. A number of men volunteered to follow me, Wo had no sooner reached tho forautlo than tho awful firo of the enemy's guna began to toll upon ua, Ono after another my men wero fairly torn to pieces. A shot from a rapid-firing gun nctually passed between my legs, wounding both wrists in its passage, uml carrying away the tail of my coat, I was bonding over pulling up a hose at tho time. A shell hit the towor, aud ns it burst a pioco struck me. I had juat removed it when I recoivod nnothor wouud in almost the eamo place, and from the same cauao. 'At this timo wo wero being pep pered by three of tho onomy's ships at close quarters— ono on the port sido, ono on the starboard, and ono right ahead ; but tho ono ou tho port Bido wns doinft tho most mischief, and ho the men nt tho two starboard guns had been ordered to turn thoir guns round and try to silenoo tho ship that wns pressing us bo hard on the port sido. To do this, of course, thoy had to flro across tho forecastle, When, thoreforo I and tho men who had volun teered to go with mo to put out tho flro woro about to go forward, I ordered tho head gun ner at the Btarboard battory to ceaso firing at the vossol on the port side, nnd direct his guns at tho ship right ahead, otherwise thoy would flro upon us. But the instant aftor I had turned my back, a shot knocked tho head gunner to pieces, and the man who took hia place did not know that wo had gouo forward, and, keeping tho guns direoted towards the ship on tho port side, fired. Tho explosion blow all of us who weio loft off our loga. Tho man by my side, indeed, was killed. At the samo timo, a shot from ouo of tho enemy's rapid-firing guns ripped across my body, cutting quite a gash, but not doing any serious injury, I was ren dered unconscious, however. Fortu nately,I had fallen upon a hoso that had beeu torn by a shot, and the water spurting from tho rent fell upon my face and revived me.' Captain M'Giflin hero oxplained that tho two guna woro Gft. apart, and ho was lying in front of No, 2 gun when No. 1 gun wont off, ' Tho flash of it,' snid tho captain, 'was liko nn intonso flash of lightning. It rendered mo un conscious so quickly that, though I was so noar, I did not hoar tho report of the gun. When I oponed my eyes I saw that I waa right in front of tho muzzle of tho other starboard gun, and that my head was directly in tho lino of flro, I watched the training of tho gun for a second or two ; thon, realising thnt in nnothor instant it would go off nnd I should be blown to pieces, I throw my self ovor tho sido of the superstructure on to tho deck bolow, a depth of somo 8ft. As I fell tho gun went off. I foil heavily upon my cheat, nud a lot of blood gushed from my mouth, so that thoso who saw mo thought I wus dead, and left me whoro I was, I manngod, howover, to get round into tho Buper structuro, noar a shell-hoist. I hadn't been there long boforo a shot ontorod aud smashed into the uptake, I then asked two of the four men at tho h ois to carry me father nft, so ns to got away from tho stench of tho sulphur, for I could not walk. Wo hud not moved far from the spot beforo a shol burst just whore wo had boon, blowing tho other two men at tho hoist to piece?. You will seo tho holo the sholl mado iu the superstructure by this photograph.' Captain M'Gifflu ia still suffering from tho wounds he received on board tho Chen Yuon, and ho thinks that ho will contiuuo to suffer from them na long ns ho lives, When in England thero were still pieces of shot lodged in tho flesh of his left side and log, which kopt tho wounds from healing1. Within tho circumforonco of about a foot ho seems to havo beeu Btruck by nt least from forty to fifty pieces of shot or shell. How ho over t'ftjno out of tho engagement alive is a miraclo, ' Our men,' said ho ' considered thnt I hnd a charmed life.' In addition to tho wounds, his olothos got on firo, nud ono of his eyes wns bndly injured, so that during tho hittor part of tho action he waa nearly b\m&,~Strand Magazine, 