CORRESPONDENCE. | We arc not responsible for tho opinions expressed by our correspondents.'] CATHOLIC RIGHTS AND DUTIES. (to the editor or the catholic puess.) Sir, — From the general, election which has just taken place in Queensland, the Catholics, not alone of that colony, but of all the other colonies of Australia, received another of those object lessons with which, during- the last fifty years, they have, been periodically favoured. And,' it' is high time to ask, will this latest lesson, like all the others, be allowed to pass away into oblivion without any prac tical results ? Some time previous to the above election, the sleeping- dog- of bigotry, which, by the way, always keeps one eye opened, was aroused from his' slumbers and let loose upon an unoffending- section of the citizens of Queensland; and, as usual, no one could honestly and truthfully say why. To be sure, neither nonesty nor truth is necessary, nor even suitable, for such purposes. But, in order to awaken bigotry, and to justify British subjects— famous all the world over for their sense of f airplay— in such cruel treat ment of a section of their fellow-citizens, some reason must be alleged. If true reasons cannot bo easily procured, no matter, unprincipled instruments are always at hand to invent false ones. Nor is the task a very difficult one for creatures who are not hampered either in their thoughts or actions by any principles of justice or morality. If the Catholics are organising1, or, like their fellow-citizens, taking an active interest in political contests, there is danger to the public schools or to some Protestant interest, or even to the State itself. If Catholics are taking no active interest at all in political matters, which is too ofton the case, then there is ' ominous silence '—more dangerous even than active organi sation ! Thus, whether Catholics are active or indifferent, unscrupulous wire-pullers are certain to make the usual accusations. All, of course, in tho name of British liberty and fair play ! It appears that that worthy citizen, and staunch member of the Catholic Church in Queensland, Mr. Attorney-General Byrne, together with others of his fellow-Catholic members, was acousocl some time ago of appointing too many Eoman Catholics to Govern ment positions. That would mean in Queensland, I suppose, what it means in New South Wales, and in the other colonies of Australia— that it is highly criminal to appoint any Roman Catholic to any 'billet' or position of trust or emolument under our liberal and benign colonial governments! The charge was taken up, and, of course, easily refuted. Did that refutation, think you, silence the charge mongers? Not at all. You cannot silence un scrupulous maligners who have an object in view, and who are determined to stop at no means, how ever immoral, to gain that object. Such people always act on the proverbial saying, ' Throw plenty of mud, and some of it is sure to stick.' Very truo, especially when tho slingers aro not vory choice in the quality. The wire-pullers and intriguers know very well the members of the community who, like the provorhial animal, revel in the rnire of ignorance and bigotry; and they always take good caro that these qualities, so conspicuous in a large numbor of our fellow-citizens, will not bo lost to their cause. Hence, in spito of refutations, they renew their charges with evon greater audacity, organise against tho Catholics with renewed energy, and deservedly wipo them out. This is, if reports be truo, what happened in Queensland. It is what has always happened. My fellow-Catholics, I hope, will forgive inn for using tho harsh and, at first sight, unjust expression ' deservedly.' But I cannot call to mind any other Avord milder and, at the same time, suitable to express my disgust at tho lassitude of our Catholics nil over tho colonies on such occasions. When our Catholic peoplo know tho loose tactics to which their onomios always have recourse at election times ; when thoy see these same enemies energetically organising and scattering1 broadcast the foulest' and most unfounded charges in order to accomplish their iniquitous designs; and when, with all this knowledge, they make no effort to organise and unite, in order to defend themselves and secure their mere rights, then, T repeat, they richly deserve to bo annihilated. Some of our weak Catholics will toll you that it is better to keep quiet on these occasions, and thus give the onomy no opportunity of stirring up bigotry. Now, has not that lino of conduct boon proved false long ago by tho tactics of our enemies ? Has our silence — our inactivity — over boon effective in closing tho mouths of our enemies at election times ? Was there, evor since the Kiama ghost was dragged from his resting-place, such a shrill and effective cry of bigotry raised against Catholics as when, a few yours ago, a Sydney evening journal made the awful accusation of ' ominous silence ' of saying nothing, but, of course, quietly organising. I. only wish that the charge were truo. Alas ! that tho very opposito is generally tho case. We say [too much, and do nothing. Besidos, does not this nervous silence, this lethargy, rovoul in* us a spirit of cowardice, of slavery ? I do not mean by this that we ought to run up and down the stroots, tolling everybody what wo are doing, as some open-mouthed Catholics, to curry favour with the enemy, have done more than once ere now. Take a lesson from the enemy. Sow how silently and surely they do their work. They not only succeed in keeping their own secrets, but they generally manage to secure ours— if we ever have any. But, while we should not thoughtlessly and foolishly give ourselves and our cause into tho hands of our sworn enemies, wo should not be afraid of open, legitimate organisation. Wo have our rights and duties in this country, just tho samo as any other section of tho community, and thore is nothing unjust or injurious to tho rights of our fellow-citizons nor disloyal to our country in Roman Cn.tholi.os asserting and defending their rights and fulfilling their duties with a.s much oponnosa and energy as the members of any other denomination. —I am, etc., ' Catholic. 