finger ring lore. RINGS OF HISTORY. POISON DEVIOES. WEDDING RINGS. A ring has always been associated with marriages from time immcmor- obie. The bard sings of ills love for his "fair lodye" being as "endless as the ring." The engagement ring Is. perhaps, the most genuinely interest ing bit of Jewellery a woman can wear, and then there is always the strong possibility of her having a variety, though fta an emblem of marriage It was not Introduced by the Christian church, as many suppose. . Before the Introduction ot coinage, the only circulation of Egyptian gold was In the form of rings, and the Egyptian, at his marriage, plnccd one of these rings of gold on his bride's finger, as a token of entrusting her witli all his property. In our marriage cere mony we but follow this custom. Some of the birthday rings are won derfully unique, the various lucky stones being set lightly on tiny wire of gold. Friendship rings are less popu lar than of yore, though occasionally one sees them worn by a loyal devotee of the pretty old custom. The lover's knot Is the moot common, being either In silver or gold and very slender. The Fede ring presents several fea tures of Interest, being composed of two flat hoops, accurately fitting each within the other, and kept in place by ft corresponding projection on either ex treme edge, so that the two form, to all appoarance, one body. A namo Is engraved on each, or a line of a distich In old French. Tho Idea being, should tho two friends sepa rate, each could wear a single hoop (as they aro easily separated), and thus be a means of recognition when again compared. "With Joints as close as not to be perceived, yet are they both each other's counterpart." Tho quaint, old-time hair rings are no longer seen; their oddity was more noteworthy than their beanty; they are "heirlooms" In every sense. It would seem odd in so small a thing as the wearing of gold rings, yet In the olden days there were various laws held by tho Romans ns to the wearing of these Jewelled baubles. Tiberius made ft large property qualification necessary to thler wearing; the right wns given to old Roman soldiers by Severn r. The only ornaments worn by the knights under Augustus were ancient rings of iron, . which were later held as a. badge of servitude, an express decree of the State being necessary to rlghtfutly wear a solid gold ring. Ambassadors to foreign missions were Invested with golden circles as a mark of great respectability; these were is sued by the treasury with much cere mony, not oven the senators being al lowed to wear them In private life. The earliest use of rings and tho form which they most generally took wns of the nature of a signet, and was used to give authenticity to documents be fore the nrt of writing was known to any but professional scribes. But thoy soon became symbots of power and au thority, and we remember the Duko Jn Twelfth Night sent hla ring by Viola to his mistress Olivia, as a tokon that all power was designated to the holder of the ring. This signet was used by mer chants aa their own prlvato mark, equi valent to our trade mark, and, more over, was the only form rings took for a very long period. A form of signets Introduced Into Egypt to the Etrus cans was a gold swivol ring, mount ed with a scarab: A curious form of ring found In Greek tombs are for the dead, a pro vision never made in these days; they are hollow and light, and set with round convex pastes; many of these Jr.?1"?.80 thIn lhflt necessary to fill them with mastic varnish to pre serve their shape. Poison was Inserted tn the hollow rings of- tho Romans. A story is relat ed by Pliny that nftcr the golden trea sure had been stolen by Crascus from under tho stone of tho Capltollne, Jupi ter. the custodian, to escape torture, broke the gem of his ring In his mouth, expiring immediately from tho effects of the poison secreted In It. A curious ring of Venetian work manship (and one which could only have been worn on ceremonial occas ions) Is the Jewish wedding ring of the sixteenth and seventeenth centu ries, being an elaborate structure. Tho bezel bearing a conventional represen tation of the ark. a temple with In scriptions Ih Hebrew characters on either side. A highly elalwrato form of Jewish wedding ring hns projecting sockets, from which hang small rings, a very cumbersome finger ornament. The cost of the.se rings must havo been great, not only from the amount of metal used, but the exquisite work- tnanship, on which account one would have been loth to see them consigned to the melting pot, as did the women of Prussia during the war of liberation in 1813, wlio, Jn lack of other coin, contri buted their wedding rings, receiving In return those made of Iron, bearing the legend, 'Toll gobe gold fur elsern." Tho puzzle rings are Ingeniously con trived, the four hoops comprising the ring being separate, and fall to plocen when removed from the finger. Thcso were the work of the old Tndl/n gold smiths. Much of beauty and symbol- Ism Is shown in the peasant rings. Innocent III.. In 1194, settled the rash- Ion of the episcopal ring, who ordain ed that It should be one of gold and set with one precious stone, on which no thing was to be cut. The annular fin ger of the right hand Is the one to bear this singularly symbolic orna mcnt, nnd bishops never wear more than one, though tho portrait of Pope Julius H. is represented as wearing six rings. According to Durandus, the Episco pal ring was symbolical of perfect fide lity, of the duty of sealing nnd reveal ing, and, lastly, of the gift of the Holy Ghost. A massive ring of bronze gilt, the square bezel Ibong sot with a green chalcedony and emblazonedwith St. Marks In relief, on each side of the shoulders shields of arms, repesents a papal ring of the fifteenth century, and was given by popes to new-made cardi nals. Another most Interesting ring was the property of Alhastaii, bishop of She- borne, and was found at Llysfaen, In the north-east part or Carnarvonshire. In 1773, It is gold, and very massive, the hoop being formed of eight divi sions, alternately circular and lozenge- shaped, nielloed and Inscribed "Alhcta." A ring, said to have been given by Charles I, to Bishop Juxon on the day of hln execution, has the sentiment "Rather death than fals fayth," en graved on lis bezel. FuJstaff boasts that In his youth he was "slender enough to creep into any alderman's ring," which shows thnt this style is. dated from tho fourteenth to the -seventeenth, centuries. Everyono knows of the poison ring of Demosthe- ,u!1 thfl one by whlch Hannibal killed himself, with Ua hollow bezel fill ed with deadly poison. A ring used ns a charm to ward off disease, and worn by the South Ger mans of tho sixteenth century In quaintly sot with three wolves' teeth, tlio shoulders chased with two rosea in relief.— "New York Mall and Express." A uo\v iuvuntloii hn« boon designed to prevent collisions at are. At a recent tret tho force from clectro-imignetic colls stationed on Iwtrd a vresel suc cessfully influenced a cIicMiik-ally-pro- l»n.:vd compass stullonod some six miles away, causing it to set up on instan taneous peal of bells. 