HOW TWO NOTABLE WORKS CAME TO BE PRODUCED. Of the inception of ' Frankenstein,' her adaptation to modern life of the ancient story of Prometheus, Mrs. Shelley gives an account which, for the sake of the persons concerned in it, cannot but posseus a strong claim to regard. The summer of 1816 was cold and rainy, she records, and was passed by the small but famous party of which she was a member, in the environs of Geneva. In the evenings the company crowded round ablazing wood-fire, and amused themselves with the 1 reading of some German ghost- stories which happened to fall into their hands. Under the influence of these, Lord Byron suggested that each of the company should write a story of the supernatural. Following up the idea, Byron himself began a story, a fragment of which he printed with his poem ' Mazeppa.' Shelley made a beginning with some account of an experience of his own early life. And Polidori set to work upon an idea he had of a skull-headed lady, whom, however, he sub jected to such dreadful experiences that she was presently unfit for further use, and hud to be summarily despatched, Mrs. Shelley herself, for lack of a subject, was long in making a start. There were, however, she relates, many and long conversations at that time between Lord Byron and Shelley, at which she was a devout, if silent, listener. At one of these, among other subjects, the poets discussed the nature of the principle of life, and whether there was any probability of its ever being discovered and communi cated. That talk lasted long into the night, and on going to bed after it, Mrs. Shelley declares she could not sleep. ' I saw,' she wrote, 'with shut eyes but acute mental vision—I saw the pale student of unhallowed arts kneeling beside ths thing he had put together. 1 saw the hideous phantasm of a man stretched out, and then, on the -working of some powerful engine, show signs of life, and stir with an uneasy, half-vital motion.' Here wssthe germ of a story. The dreamer awoke realistically conscious of the horrid spectre standing by her bedside,' opening the curtains, and looking down at her with yellow, watery, but speculative eyes and that day she began her tale with the words, 'It wasonadreary night of November,' making little more than a transcript of the grim terrors of her dream. Most readers also are familiar with the touching story of the production of ' Rasselas' by Dr. Samuel Johnson. Few who read that story would gather from its contents any inkling of the ultimate motive which lay behind the writing. The book contains the elaboration of an ideal, the working out of a theory, and might well have been the occu pation of many happy hours. The circum stances of the book's production, however, were sad and grim enough. Tohnfon's mother had died. It was the year 1759, when the rewards of literature were still most meagre and poor, and though he was already well known as author of 'London,' the 'Life of Savage,'and the great dictionary, Johnson found himself without the means of providing a decent funeral. It appears typical of the solid character of the man that he sat down, heavy no doubt of heart, but with settled purpose. Day and night his pen ran on, sketching his happy valley, and in a single week, it is said, he had produced the story of ' Rasselas, Prince of Abyssinia.' Sleeplessness.—In cases of sleeplessness, points out the "Hospital,-' arranging the bed in a lomforiable manner, the application of a little extra warmth, such as a hot,-water bottle or an additional blanket, a short con versation to turn the thoughts into a pleasant direction, will often do much towards pro curing for a patieufc really refreshing sleep. A glass of boiling milk, cooled to the taste from a fresh syphon of soda water, is an ex cellent remedy for persons lying awake at night. A cup of hot milk or beef tea, or good cup of cocoa taken after getting into bed, has often proved useful for those who complain of being awake during the early hours of the night, as it is quite likely that their sleeplessness is due either to an anremic condition or malnutrition, or may be to wnrrvinsr uoon business or other matters. A Cuj'.iou.s Clock,—In answer to a cor respondent who asks, ' Wh ii is the most curious material out of which a time-piece has been made V a London journal prints the following rather interesting item Bread, we think, is the most curious material out of which a clock has ever been constructed. There was, and may still be, in Milan a clock made of bread. The maker was a nativa of Milan who devoted three ye.irs of his time to the task. He was very poor, and being with out means, to purchase the necessary metal for the making of a clock, set apart regularly a portion of his bread each day, eating the crust and saving the soft part. To solidify this he made use of a certain rait, and when the various pieces were dry they became per i fectly hard and insoluble in water. The clock was of good size, and kept fair time. 