KATE CARNEGIE. BY IAN MAOLAREN. Chapter' V.— Concerning Besoms. It is one of the miseries of modern life, for which telephones arq less than compensation, that nlaqfty oat of a hundred oity folk have never knbwn the comfort and satisfaction of dwelling in a bouse. When the sashes are flying away from tho windows and tho skirting boards from the floor, and the planks below your foct are a finger breadth apart, and the pipes are (loath traps, it does not matter tbat tho walls are covered by art papers and plastered over with chintt dishes. ' This ereotioo, wheroin human beings have to live and work and fight their sins and preparo for oternity, is a fraud and a lie. No man compelled to exist in traeb An environment of unreality can respect himself or otbor people ; and if it como to pass that he holds cheap views of life, and reads smart papers, and does sharp things in business, and that his talk be only ,a clever jlnglo, then & plea in extenuation will bo lodged for bim at the Great Assize- Small wonder that be comes to regard tho world of men & an empty show7 and is full of oynicism, who has shifted at brief intervals from one shanty to- another and never had a fit dwelling place all his years. Whon a prophet cometh from the Eternal, to speak unto tho Middle Ages, and constructs the othor world beforo our syes, ho will havo ono oirclc in bis hell for tho builders of rotten houses, and doubtless it will be a collection of their own works, so that their sin will be its Dnnishraent. as is most fittice and the way of things. Surely there will .also bp some corner in heaven kept for tbo man who, having received a oharge to build the shell wheroin two people wero to. make a homo, laid Its foundations ddop and raised strong walls that nothing but gun powder could rend in plcees, and roofed it over with oaken timber and lined it with the same,1 so that many generations might live therein inpcaco and honor. Such a houii was the Lodge in those days, although. at last beginning to show signs of decay,' and it somehow stirred up tbo heroio spirit of former times within a man to sit boforo the big fire in tbo h&U; with grim. Carncgics looking down from the wails and daring you to do any meanness, while the light, blazing 'out Trora a leg was flung b&ok; from .a sword that had been drawn in tbo '15. One was un consciously reinforced in tho secret placo of his manhood, and inwardly convinced that what oonaerneth every man is not whether he fail oc succeed, but that he do his duty aoeording to tho light whioh may havo been" given him until ho die. It wns also a regeneration of the soul to awake in a room of the eastern tower, whore tbo Carnogies' guests slept, and fling tip tlio window, with its small square panes, to fill one's lungs with the sncll northern air, and look down on the woods glistening in every leaf, and the silver Toohty just touohed by the full risen sun. Miracles have beoa wrought in that tower, for it happened once that an. Edinburgh advocate came to stay at tho Lodge, who spake after a quite mar- vollouo fashion, known neither in England nor Scotland ; and being himself of puro bourgeois blood, tbe fifth son of a factor, felt it necessary to despiso his land, from its kirk downwards, and bad a collection of japes at Scottish ways, whioh in bis provincial simplicity bcofforod to the OarnegieS. It seemed to him certain that people of Jacobite blood aud many travels would have relished his clever talk, for it is not given to a national decodont to understand either the people he has deserted or the ancient dullest man liviog in the matter of sneering, &nd; Kate took an instant dislike to tho mincing little man, whom Bho ovor attorwards called tho Popinjay, and to handled him with her tongue tln\t his superiority was mightily shaken. But thero . was good stuff in the advo cate, besides some brains, and after a week's living in . tho Lodge he forgot to wear his eyeglass, and let his r's out of captivity, and attempted to make love to Kate; which foolishness tbat masterful damsel brought to speedy confusion. It tons also said that: when lie went baok to the Parliament House ovoryoae oould understand wb&t; ho said, and that he got two briefs in one week, whioh shows how good it is to live in an aiiciant house with honest people- 44 Is there a ghost, dad?" -They were eitting before the fire in the hall after dinner — Kate in her favorite posture, lean ing forward and nursing her knee. The veterans and I thought that she always- looked at her best so, with her fine eyes fixed op. the fire nod tho light burning ber faco into relief .against the shadow. "Wo saw her feet- then— one lifted a little froth the ground — and V. C. declared they were the 'smallest you could find for a woman of her size. 44 She knows it, too," he ussdtosay, 44 for whon a woman has big feet she always keeps them tuoked in. below hor gown. A woman with an eight stzo glove and feet to correspond is usually a paragon of modesty and sttong on womon's rights." 44 Kate's glove is number six, and I think it's a size too big," bioko in tho oolonol — we wore all lying in tho sun on a bauk below the beeohes at tho timo, and tho colonel was uuder- otood to bo proparing a sermon for some meet ing — 44 bat it's & strong little band and a steady ; she used to bo able to strike a shilling in the air at revolver practice." 44 Ghost, lassie. Ob, in the Lodgo, a Oar- nogie ghost-— not one I've over hoard of; so you may sloop in peace, and I'm below if you feol lonely tho first night." 44 You are most insulting ; ono would think I were a milksop. I was hoping for a ghost — a white lady by ohoiae. Did no Carnegie murder his wifo, for instance, through jealousy or quarrelling ?" . "The Oarnegios have novor quarrolled," said the general, with muoh simplicity; 44 you sec tbe men have generally boen away fighting, and the womoa bad nover time to weary of them." "No woman ever wearies of a man unles3 bo be a fool and gives in to her— then sbe grows sick of him- Lifo might bo wholesome, but it would havo no smack; it would be like meat without mustard. If a man oannot rulo bo ought not to marry, for his wifo will play the fool in some fashion or othor, liko a runaway horse, and be has half the blame- Why did he take the box seat?" and Kate nodded to ilie fire. 44 What are you laughing at ?" "Perhaps I ought to bo shooked, but tho thought of anyone trying to rule you, Kit, tickles me immensely. I havo bad tho roins since you were a bairn, and you have been a handful. ' You were a4 smatohit' at six years old and a'trimmic'at twelve, and you are qualifying for the highest rank in your class." ... "What may that be, pray ? it seeme to= me tnat tue soottisn tongue is a poriect treasure bouse for impertinent people. How Scots must congratulate tbemsolves that tbey need never bo at a Iojs whon they are angry or even simply frank." "If it comes to downright swearing, you must go to Gaelic," said tbe general, branching off. 44 Donald used to.be qnite contemptuous of any slight efforts at profanity in the barr&ok; yard, although they sickened me. 44 Toots, colonel ; ye do not nosd to be troubl ing yourself with suoh poor littlo words for thsy aro just nothing at all, and yet tho bodies will bo saying tbera over and over again like parrots.' 441 Now a Looh&ber; man could hef been saying what be was wanting for fifteon minutes, and nofcr hef used tho same word twice, nuless be had boen forgetting bin Gaolic. It's a pc&utiful; language, the G&elio;, when you will not be fery well pleased with a man.' " "That is very good, dad, but I think we wero speaking in Sootcb, and you have not told me that nice complimentary title I Am living to deserve. Is 4 catty ' the disieputable word ? for I think I've passed that rank already ; it sounds quite familiar." "No, it's a far moro fetohing word than 'cutty,' or even than 4randy' (scold), which you may b&ve; heard-" "I; have," replied -.Kate instantly, 14 moro than onco, and especially after I had a differ ence in opinion with Lieutenant Straugo. 'Copyright, 1896, in tho United States of America, by John Watson. You called mo one or two names then, dad — in fact you were quite eloquent; but you koow that bo w&s; a bad fellow, and that tbe regiment was 'Well rid of him ; but I'm older now, and I bavo not heard my promo tion." 44 It's the most vigorous word that Scots have for a particular kind of woman." 44 Describe ber," demanded Kate. 44 One who has a mind of her own," began the- Gonoral, carefully, and a 44 way, too, who is. not e&Biiy; cowed or managed, who is not—— " 44 A fool," suggested Kate. 44 Who is not conspicuously soft in manner," pursued the General, with discretion, 44 who might even have a temper." 44Notatame rabbit, in fact. I understand what you are driviog at, and I know what a model must feel when she is being painted. And now kindly pluck up courage and name tho pioture." And Kate leant back, with ber band behind her head, challenging tbe General— if ho dared. "Well?" "Kevom." And he was not at all ashamed,, for a Scot never uses this word without a ring of fondness and admiration in his voice, as of one who gives tbe world to undorstand that he quite disapproves of this audacious woman, wife or daughter of his, but is proud of . her all the time. It is indeed a uccoisity of his nature for a Scot to have husks of reproach containing kernels of compliment, so that ho may let out his hoart and yet pre serve his character as an' austere person, desti tute of vanity and sentiment. 44 Accept your servant's thanks, my General. I am highly honored." And Kate made a sweeping curtsey, whereupon they both' laughed merrily; aud a log blazing up auuuuuiy, iltaue nit Gtu Caluiiu iuil'u Wl'.G h C.I tutvou kuo uuiu tut vucuu itimjr, ituu nai turn very man to have delighted in a besom- 44 Whco I was here in June " — and the General stretched himself in a dscp rod leather chair— . " I stood a whilo one evening watching a fair- haired, blue-oyed littlo maid who was making a daisy chain and singing to herself in a garden. Her mother came out from tbo c'ottago, and sinoe she did not soe me, devoured the child \yith eyes of love. Then something camo into her mind — perhaps that the good man- would soon be home .for nupper. - She rushed forward and seized the child as if it had been' caught In some act of mischief. 'Cdtne into lh# hoose," this raeenufc, ye littlo besom, and say yir cacritohes.. What's tho chief- end o' man ? "' ' 44 Could she have beon so accomplished at that age ? " Kate inquired with interest- 4>:Aro you sure about the term of endearment? Was the child visibly 'flattered ? " 44 She oaught my oyc as thoy passed in, and flung ine a smile liko one excusing hor mothers fondness- But Davidson hoars better things, for as soon an he appears tbe younger members of a family- are taken from their porridge and set to their' devotions. 44 4 What are yo gloworin' at there, yc little outty? Toom (empty) yir mooth this mcennt and say tho twenty-third Psalm to the minister.' 44 Life scorns fall of incident, and tho women make tho play- What about the men? Are they merely a chorus? 44 A stranger spending a week in ono of our farm houses would'be ready to give evidence in a court of justioe that he h&d; never soon woman so domineering or men so submissive as in Drnmtochty. 41 Arid why?' Because tbe housewife who Bits in church as if butter wouldn't melt in hor mouth spaaks with much fluenoy and vigor at home, and. the man says nothing. . 44 His normal state is doing wrong and bcinc scolded from morninc till nie-hfc— for going out without his breakfast, for not olcan- ing his bootB when he comes in, for spoiling chairs by sitting on them with wet clothes, for npilling his tea on tho tableoloth, for going away, to market with a dusty coat, for visiting tho stable with his Sunday ooat, for not speaking at ell to visitors, for saying things he oughtn't when he doss speak— till the long saffcriug man; raked fore and aft, rushes from tho house in desperation, and outside remarks to bimsolf, by way of con&o-; 'lntloib-' 44Lo»h .'keep's ! there's riae' llvin' wl' hor the day; her tongue's little better than a thrashing mill.' "Hisoopfusion, however, is neither deep nor lasting, and in a fow minutes he has started for a round -of the farm in good heart, once or twice saying 4 Sal ' in a way that shows a lively reoolleotion of his wife's gifts." 44 Then tho men love to be ruled," began Kate, with some contempt; 44 it does not give me a higlior idea of the district" ' 44 Wait a moment, young woman, for all that goes for nothing, except to show that' tho men allow the. women to bo supremo in ouo sphere." 44 Iu tho dairy, I suppose?" 4 'Per Imps; and a very pleasant kingdom, too, as I remombor it, when a hot, thirsty, tired laddie, who had beon fishing or ferreting, was taken into, the' cool, moist, darkened placo aud ra.v a dish of milk creamed for his benefit by some sonsy house wifo. 44 Sandy and I u?ed to think her omni potent; and heard her put the gude man through his faoings with awe, but by and bye we noticed that her power had limits. Whon the matter had to do with .anything serious, sow ing or reaping or kirk or market, bis word was law. 44 He said little, but it was final, and alio never contradiotcd ; it was rare to hoar a man pall his wife by name; it was usually 4 gude wife,4 and she always referred to him as the inuiBior. Aim iritnouG any exception, tmoso silent, reserved men wore 4.maioter'j .thpy had a look of authority." 44 They gave way iu trifles to rulo in a crisis, which is just my idea of masculine government," expatiated Kate. 41 A woman likes to say what she pleaaos and havo her will in littlo things ; she has her way, and if a man correots her be cause she is inaccurate, arid nags at her when she does anything he does not approvo, then he is very foolish and very trying, and if she is not quite a saint she will make him suffer. 44 Do you remember, Dr. Pettigrew, that prim little effigy ot a man, and his delightful Irish wife, and how conversation used to run when ho was within hearing?" "Glad to havo a tasting, Kit," and the General lay back in expectation. " 1 Oi remombor biua, as fpine a young officer as yo would wish to see, 6 feet in his boots.' 44 About 5 feet 10, 1 believe, w&s; his exact height; my dear." 44 4 May be bo wasn't full grown then, but he was a good upstanding roan,.1 and as pretty a rider at ever eat on a horse., "Well, ho was a Warwickshire' man- . . .' 44 Bucks, lioiaid himself." . 44 He wai maybe born in both counties for all you know.-" "'Alethaa,' with a cough and reproving look., s 44 4 At any r&to; Oi saw him riding ia a.steeplo- ohape in the spring of '67, at AldershoL' 41 '-It must, I think, havo bc'ea '66. We were at Gibraltar in '67. Plcass bo accurate.' " 'Bother your accuracy, for ye are driviog tho pigs through my story- Well, Oi was tell ing yc about the steeplechase Jimmy Brook rode. It was a mile, And he had led for half, and so ho was just four hundred yards .from tho post.' 44 4A half would be 880 yards.' 44 4 Oi wish from my heart that geography, arithmetic, memory .and accuracy and every other work of Satan wero drowned with Moses in the Red Sea. Go, for my sake, and bring me a glass of irritated water.'" 44 Capital," cried the General. 44 1 heard that myself, or somethiug liko it- Pettigrew was a tiretsomo wretch, but ho was devoted to his wifo in his own way." 44 Which was onough to make a woman throw things at him, as very likely Alethca did when they were alone. What a fool he was to bother about faots tho oharra of Lithy was that she had none— date# and such like would h&ve; made her quite uninteresting- Tho only dates I can quote myself are the Rebel lion and the Mutiny, and I'll add '75 when we came home. I don't like datey women ; but then it's rather cheap for one to say that who doesn't know anything," and Kate sighed very becomingly at the contemplation of her ignorance. 44 Except French, which she speaks like a Parui&u;," murmured the General- "That's a fluke, because I was educated at the Scotch convent with those -dear old absurd nuns who were Gordons, and Caraerons, and . Macdonalds, and didn't know a word of Eng lish." 14 Who can manage her horse like a rough ridor," continued the General, counting on his fiogcr, 44 and dance like a French woman, and play whist like a half pay officer, and " 44 That's not education ; those are simply the accomplishments of abssem- You know, dad, I've never read a werd of Darwin, and I got ttired of George Eliot and went back to Scott." . 44 I've no education myBelf," said tbe general, ruefully, 44 except tho Latin tho old dominie thrashed into mc, and some French which all our set in Scotland Used to have, and - I can hold my own with the broadsword. Whon I think of all thoBC young officers know, I wonder wo old chaps wero fit for any thing." 44 Well, you tee, dad," and Kate began to count also, 44 you wero made of steel wire, and wero never ill; yon could march for a day and rather enjoy a fight in the evening; you would go anywhoro, and the men kept just 18 inches behind. You always knew what the enemy was going to do before be did it, and you always did what ho didn't expect you to do- - That's not half tbo list of your accomplishments, but they make a good beginning for a fighting man." "It will be all mathematics in tho future, Kit, and there will be no fighting at close quarters. The officers will wear gloves and spectacles— but whore arc we now, grumbling as if we were sitting in a club window? Be sides, these young fellows can fight as well as pass exams. You were saying that it was a shame of a man to complain of his wife flirtiag," and the general studied tbe ceiling- « knew that I ncrcr said aswthinw of l.!n J . taAMAAIM HWlV IM A Mllln ITIAW &iuu; , uubnuiua wuiuiu uiu uunjr iu m uiwu wujr, just as some are hooky, and some aro dressy, and some are witty, and somo aro horsey ; and I think a woman should bo herself- I should say the right kind of man would be proud of his wife's stroog point, and give her liberty." 41 Ho is to have none, I suppose, but 'just be a foil to throw her into relief. Ib he to be allowed any opinions of his own ? . . It looks hard, that oushion, Kit, and I'm &a; old broken down man." 44 You deserve leather, for yon know what I think about a man's poiition quite well. If ho allows himself to bo governed by his wife in Bcrious matters, he is not worth calling a man." 44 Like poor Major Macintosh." 44 Exactly. "What an abject be was before that woman, who was simply—" 41 Not a besom, Kate," interrupted the gene ral, anxiously— afraid that a olossical word was to be misused. 44 Certainly not, for a besom must be nice, and at bottom a lady — in fact, a woman of decided character." "Quito so. You'vo hit the bull's eye, Kit, and paid a noat oomplimont to yourself- Have you a word for Mis. Macintosh?" . 44 A vulgar termagant" — the general indi cated that would do— "who would call her husband an idiot aloud beforo & dinner tabic, and quarrel like a fishwife with peopio in his proBcnce. "Why, he daren't call his soul his own; he boionged to tho kirk, you know, and there was a Scotch padre, but she marched him off to our service, and if you had seen him trying to find the places in tho prayer book- If a man hasn't courage enough to stand by his faith, he might as well go and hang himself. Don't you think the first thing is to stiok by your religion, and tho next by your country, though ib cost one his life ? 44 That's it, lassie ; every gentleman docs." "She was a disgusting woman," continued Kate, "and jingling with money; I nover saw so ro&ny; prcoious stoaes wasted on one woman ; they always reminded me of a jewel in a swiue'a snout." 41 Kate!" remonstrated her father, "that's ..." 44 Rather coarse, bus it's hor blame ; and to bear Mrs. Maclutosh calculating what each officer h&d; — I told her we would live ia a Lodge at homo and raise our own food. My opinion ;9 that her father was a publican, and I'm sure ;-shc had onco been a-Methodist." "Why?" 44 Becau&o; sho was so churchy, always talking about colebrations and vigils, and explaining that it was a sin to listen to a disuniting eh&pl;&in.;" 44 Then, Kate, if your man— as thoy say here —tried to m&ko; you hold hta views ?" 44 1 Wouldn't, and l'd hate him." 44 And if he accepted yours ?" 44 I'd despise him," replied ICato, promptly. 41 You aro a perfect contradiction." ' 44 You mean I'm a woman, aud a besom, and therefore I don't pretend to be consistent or logical, or even fair; but I nm right." Then they went up the west tower to the general's room, and looked out on the woods , and tho river, and on a field of ripo corn upon the height acrois the river, flooded with the moonlight. 44 Home at last, lassie, you and I, and another not far off, maybo." Kate kissed her fathor, and said, 44 One is love, dad &ud; faith." ( To he cont inucd. 