They Bay. That the profits on the working of the Tasmanian Government Bail ways largely represent deferred expenditures. That a large number of engines and other rolling stock need repairing, and this class of goods is accumulating. That it would be interesting to know whether, when old engines nils, etc., are sold, the proceeds are passed to the credit of earnings. That,-if 60, we presume that in any failure to complete a contract for the sale of an engine, where a bonus has been paid, said bonus would be charged to the account. That itwonld be well to know also what items may be considered fair charges npon " the construction account" of a long since constructed line. That die almightyness of some permanent beads of Government departments Is boundless. That when some of them remind journalists that certain criticism may bring into requi- . eition either a lawyer's letter or a stont stick, they ate intensely funny. That these people forget that journalists don't forget the limits imposed npon them byetatute. That as to the stick—well, experience teaches that the. permanent heads -finds *nore subtle methods of resentment. That Mr A. J. Ogilvy was pleased vith the j unanimity thai prevailed at the Democratic j Conference. That (his slightly discounts the report furnished by the Telegraph's puss on the hearth. That the presence of the press would have been a bar to success. That one of the subjects to be considered, was how to minimise the pernicious influence of the duly papers. That .the A.M.P. Society is about to open a . branch on the West Coast, That the "biggest wonder" meantime is the 3s lid dress length at the Golden Fleece. That they are simply being , walked away H with; of course, the relative coin being duly handed .over. That Dunning and Brown have had a busy time. That now the public estate has all been sold, the cabbage garden begins to groan under a deficit. That every Australian colony Is on the road to the BameParadise. That Haoriland is the. .first province to realize the coming trouble, and Impose land value taxation without decreasing the other sort. That Tasmania, and Queensland, end Westralia ore .burning the candle at both ends. That land-grab railways constitute the quickest method of travelling to poverty, perdition, and the pawnshop. ~' .That Hobart magistrates don't like their ' favorite beverage adulterated with water. That they fined a milkman named Foster Bullock £15 file other day, for a too liberal ase of the pump. That so far the ghost has not materialised to tany Extent worth mentioning' That a ghost is quite as good a subject for copy „ as " deeds that won the empire." That many of the deeds that won the empire vera were deeds that ouizht ought to have .won life long gaol tor tiie perpetrators, That the Honorable Alphabetical thinks every citizen should put his band in bis . pocket to send the "Joes " to Sydney. That it is therefore presumed that every ••citizsn's,pocket is worth fishing in. That it is to be hoped ibis as literally true; but don't all speak at once. That there is nowa Splendid opportunity .for » philanthropist to ezhilnt bis-agjlity. That Alderman Barrett tasuccessf ully moves ; r 'for the publicationof periodical abstracts ' ' tjf Council accounts. That the cost of such publication might be ' met by the sale.of a weekly , collection of aldermanic terms of endearment. That such a fat&t; c would require careful editing, and the {Town Clerk might translate the telling passages into verse. That the ancient institution of "jCrowner's 'QuaBt," has. been ..distinguishing itself : againat Hobart....:' That a boy, ran J over iand-Jalled by a dray, . had hisdeath attributed to .tetanus. Ttatthejory, returned-a. verdict of death ' from accidental causes, and added a rider ealling .the attention ofthe polioe to the frequent 'oases •of furions driving. That from the jubliehtd reports otthis case itishaod to^ay whether the dray or the tetanus ought to be arrested for manelaughter. have vety slight aoqurintanMs j That additionalpolice protection Is requested > for Windmill J3UI, all on account of the apparition. Thai it is - just. about time the Health " authorities took some action concerning \- 'the - insanitary conditions of the cemeteries. That several Launceston cemeteries drain into \- public streets and'back yards where little children play. That the wonder is the population isn't i1n^e^ficS s tr~ aag fa " n | That the .sickly sentimentalism-of a few \- should not be allowed to interfere with the general health. That when a lew more thousands of -young and promising citizens are sacrificed to typhoid and kindred diseases, a crematorium will be established in Iiaunceston. That Mr W. A.Whitaker'a suggestion for . the institution of intercolonial baud contests in Lauuceston is a good one. That the northern capital is extremely back- \- -ward in attracting attention and providing \- amuBement for visitorB, That " the Wreckers" as Mr N. J. Brown ''. teias them, have a big contract on hand. Ihat they are confronted with a. state of society - hopelessly rotten whioh en- . enriches, almost exclusively, acquisitive conning inherited from theaucestral ape. That it makes life a questionable heaven o^ ennui for the idler and a veritable hell of misery for the average toiler. Thit if "the wreckers (?) " cannot mend it they must end it. That it is only wrecking n " slaver " after all. What price the Taemanian dhow 1 That the mining conference election meeting at St. Helen's was .convened by Mr 3. G. Danes as-president of the conference. 3 hat it was generally understood that Mr Sail was President, though Bro. George hungered for the honor. 