ALL SAINTS CHURCH. INSTITUTION OF ARCHDEACON' DAVID. The institution of the Rev. Archdeacon David as incumbent of All Saints Anglican Church took place last evening, in presence of a fairly large" congregation. The service was taken part in by the Bishop (Dr. Webber) and the Rev. Messrs. Pringle, Thompson, stealing. Rivers, Simmonds,, and Sale. The Bishop, in addressing the congregation, said that if they were to open one of the Church law-books of the old country they Would find an explanation of the word institution. Institution was an act by which a bishop, holding a cure of souls for the whole of his diocese, assigned a portion of that cure of souls to a rector, of a vicar of a parish within it, as his deputy. While the bishop did so, he still had responsibilities towards each parish of his diocese. The conception was exceedingly simple, and was as beautiful as it was simple. He made reference to the various modes in England of presenting a clergyman to the bishop for institution to a charge. The bishop was sometimes the patron, at other times it was a college, or per Grapes a private poison. He explained what had given rise to these various methods of presentation, and said he was inclined to regret that owners of great tracts of land did not exercise that responsibility which the feudal lords did when they appointed clergy- men to minister to the persons who worked their estates'. In Queensland the whole, responsibility of presenting a clergyman to the Bishop for institution rested on a presentation board. This was infinitely better than having a congregational presentation, which did not work satisfactorily in England, and which only existed now in one parish. They could not be too thankful to those who in the early days of the Church in this colony devised the method of presentation by a board. He could only express deep thankfulness for the manner in which the present presentation was set about, and that there were such earnest, single-hearted, and high-minded men on the board. The Rev. Archdeacon David was no untried man. He was a clergyman by no means unknown among the people here, and one whose works had during the years he had laboured in the diocese been exceedingly well received. and for which many had cause to be deeply thankful. What was gain to All Saints parish was to a certain extent the Bishop's loss. He was losing one who had proved a true fellow-helper in bearing the great responsibility of dealing with such an important, diocese. It was with thankfulness, and with no little confidence that he asked the prayers of the congregation for the clergyman who was to be instituted to the charge. The hymn " Come, Holy Ghost,"' was sung, after which ShiP Bishop instituted the new incumbent. Archdeacon David making the customary response. The benediction was then pronounced by the Bishop. The offertory is devoted to the Mission Chaplain Fund.' 