HALF Mill III 1MB A COMEDY OE ERB.0ES, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED; 5BB"S3r Author oi "Bay Ronald," c> A Jewel of a Girl/' " Goblin Gold/' ' Dead Men's -Dollars," "Mr. and Mrs. Herries/' &c.;, &o;> (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) ., CHAPTER XXXII.— (Continuod.) ' There,, down came the rain, and how it rained! The palm trees bowed their heads before the deluge, and its fellow, a gale of wind. .A cataract of warm water drops streamed in sheets before the windows, and In tlie gloom the Various sitters were hardly recognis able to each other. Ann only was out lined distinctly against the window, where she had gone .silently to a writ ing-table. She wore a pale flowered silk, such as our , grandmothers loved, a -einklsh blossom on a delicate apricot ground. It made her look like an old picture, so the three men, over their .'tea cups, admiringly remarked. Gallop! Gallop! The squish-squash of a horse's1 hoofs on the wet gravel "sounded below; n. quick tread and jing- 31ng spurs rang on the brisk steps ana there clattered the next instant into tlio room a youngofficorindai-kblueuniform He looked round as If surprised at the assembled company, then made two strides towards Ann, and put his arm familiarly round her shoulder. M hat are you-.dolng here, darling?" he asked authoritatively.;. "Come with me Into my room, I want to speak to you. "What do you mean?" cried Ann, 4'What do you mean, sir?" was echoed and i-e-Schoed by two wrathful men s voices behind, each of whom half upset Ills cane' rocking-chair and collided against the tea table with a crash. At the same instant an apparition— a se cond Ann— opened a further door made as though to meet the officer, then stood amazed, staring speechless through the gloom. Bryan also burst out in shirt sleeeves, from his room, hearing Anns agitated outcry, and tlffe clamour that followed., _ , "What do I mean?" The officer s voice rose above those of the others in scornful retort. "What does it matter to anyone present but this lady what I mean. She is my wife." Bryan sprang forward. So did the listening' apparition with a rustle of slllc, and a diffused wliiff of perfume; and they came full against each other, lie arresting her onward rush. She was tall with dark waving hair, and dressed . in a.flowered tea-gown exactly the same as that worn by Ann; ribbon for ribbon, Jace for lace. . 1 "Shame upon you, Weelie! You are my husband!" passionately breathed the second fair one. "Yours," repeated Bryan, seizing her hands in sudden righteous Indignation, that rose to boiling point. "Have you tricked me then q.11 this time . Hfl.ve you been shamming?" The eyes of the first amazed group now turned to this fresh couple; the I officer withdrew his hand from Ann's ' shoulder. She broke from his touch. 1 The two women faced each other just as the l-ain-squall lightened — they look ed as If each stared at her living ghost. For a second tlie men breathed hard; then came two simultaneous exelama- tidns. "Ann!" ; "Anita!" And next instant both flowered tea gowns became . as one. while their owners laughed and hugged and kissed, and cried out questions which the other answered. It was Anita Finn, indeed; and this was Weelie. Why — gabbled the lively real wife? ' Ann knew they were going to the In dies. Oil! East or .AVest Indies, what matttered? Yes, they had been in Ja maica since AAreelle got his commission lately, in the AVest India regiment. How funny it all was! So Ann never mar ried Don Gdoardo, after all; what a pcety! And this was tho same tca- 1 gown as Ann's? Of course! I ordered another one from the same dressmaker, dear. Very extravagant, was It hot: but I felt quite sick wlien'I thought of you wearing that one while I had none. You are staying here; so are we. : "What a chat wo will have this evening!" Then Thanet and Billy. Wood took their leave. "It's a providence!" both remarked to each other. "It's the devil!" said Patrick Bryan to himself. Somewhat to Ann's regret he excused himself from staying to dinner. She would not need his company, having so much to say to lier old friends; his in the town would he equally wanting to see him. So he was off. "Till to-mor row morning," put in Ann persuasively. : "Till to-morrow morning," came in gloomy echo, as Bryan disappeared in to the darkness; where the fireflies transformed the every day high road Into an avenue lit by green lamps, which should lead to a fairy king's palace. And Ann, what with Anita's gay chatter, and novelties at dinner of tur tle fins, coeoanut cream, and number eleven mangoes, consoled herself fairly Well., CHAPTER XXXIII.— BRYAN MEETS HIS BIG BLACK DIFFICULTY, A scene ot Jamaican tropical beauty met Ann's eyes as she rose next morn ing .light hearted as a lurk. In spite of the noise of the frogs and field cric kets, she had slept well through the night, under her mosquito curtains. The air was cool after the late rain, and the flowers in the garden were rais ing their heads, brighter for their late drenching. A small humming bird, much smaller than her bird friends in Chill, was swinging, on a spray alose to Ann's apenovindow. It had a .white breast and brilliant green back, and a confident ail' as who should say, "I am protected , by the British Government. You dare not hurt me.", A little way off Bryan was lounging, enjoying a morning smoke under a large cotton tree, of which the hospitable trunk af forded lodging to a variety of aloes, bright corrallnes that flung their blos- somB high up among its leaves, and all manner of other paraaltes> Hurrying her dressing, Nan soon tripped out and joined him. - "You are a good hoy to be walling here already for me," was hqr morning greeting, her face wreathed with smiles. Then In happy coaxing, "Now let us have our talk, will you? No time like tho present." "You are so late, my dear girl. It is nearly eight o'clock, and I have been up since live, before sunrise. It's much the host plan out here, hut I am starv ing by, now," was Bryan's evasive an swer, In a. glum tone, Hinging away u halt'-smoked cigar. "You don't .want to spoil my breakfast, do you? Let me have something first to eat, then on my honour I will toll you all." The last words fell heavily from his lips, like so. many drops of lead. Ann's spirits were somewhat dashed; then she revived, telling herself after all she- had at last brought him to the point. Who could help looking on the bright. side of things on such a sunny morning? Breakfast was already laid In a stone hall, which was the dining-room on the ground floor. It was entered by . a door between the horseshoe steps, and its cool darkness within was appreci ated by the mosquitoes, no less than human beings. A buggy, still half piled with luggage, stood waiting outside on tho gravel, tho liorse steaming and tired. Evidently some new guest had arrived. Ann, leifdlng tho way with light stops, reconnoitred tho shadow ed Interior, careful to avoid any unpro mising neighbour. There sat a portly form with its broad back turned to her that seemed strangely familiar. It wore a bonnet slightly awry, with the strings thrown back for air; a pair of gloves rolled In a ball lay among the break fast dishes, and down the sldrt of the black gown there showed a well-known white streak. A pair of black Hobos , straight as rushes, wearing fashion ably-cut cotton gowns, hovered In at tendance round tho guest. The coffee- coloured landlady-sat opposite deep in conversation. Evidently the newcomer was a person of importance. And In deed next moment she raised her voice in a tone of unmistakable authority. "Give me some more fried mud fish, please." "Dear Mrs. Murpliy, I am so glad to see you again," cried Ann, in a happy voice, going forward. "Eh, what, dearie." Mrs. Murphy rasped her chair backwards on the stone flooring, patting her knees with fat hands to express her own recip rocal surprise. But this mutual satis faction did not last long. At that mo ment a little girl with kinky golden hair, who had trotted out of one of the bedrooms opening from the dining-liall, raised her voice in shrill accents that arrested the attention of all. "Papaw, for sure!" and withdrawing her forefinger from her mouth she pointed it at the porch. There stood Bryan, his stalwart figure like that of a man suddenly turned to stone. Mrs. Murphy sprang to her feet, with such vehemence that upsetting her cane chair she smashed its top rail on the stones. In a scream that echoed from the rafters and pointing a fat hand shaking with conjugal wrath at the shame-stricken ' culprit, she uttered, wrathfully," "Nicholas!" Then, oh, then, the deserted wife, the excellent Mrs. Murphy, might be said to break seven glass vials of wrath successively on the luckless Patrick's head, pouring them out over his person; anger, contempt, reproach, bitter sar casm, and their fellows. The half- uffrighted landlady and maids listened with titillating ears. Ann would have escaped, but that the wrathful spouse and her husband filled the doorway. "There! there That will do, my girl," apologised Bryan, twisting and wriggl ing like a fawning dog that shrinks from its whipping. "Don't jaw like this before other people — it's a family affair, you know — private. Ha, ha! Come, Maria, hero I am hack, as you see. If you can't give mo more of a welcome than this, why, I may as well be ol'f again. The steamer goes to England to-morrow, and my kit is not unpack ed." "Indeed," snorted Mrs. Murphy; "in deed! Oh, yes, very fine." -The snorts were decreasing in volume, like a train easing and stopping. "You have the money, I suppcse, to pay for your pas sage." "And she"— looking after Ann, who just then seeing her opportunity passed by in dignity, with her head very high. "And she?" Ann stood still. "Wo came hack from Panama toget her; only shipboard acquaintances, you know," explained Bryan, hurriedly, un der his breath. "Don't try to drag strangers Into any little difference be tween us, Maria. It is bad form— very had form." Ann moved haughtily into the outer porch. There Bryan 'caught her up in a few hurried strides. "Listen/Ann! Miss Montague!" he breathed,, with sliame- stricken eyes. "You know I meant to tell you all this morning. You will do me that justice." ' , "Wretch!" Ann's wholespiritgathered itself Into, a quintessence of -scorn, to fling him that one word of execration. She turned on her heel and walked .un steadily up the brick steps. Anita, who had been peeping round the corner, a most excited eaves-drop per to the late scene, linked her arm in that of her friend, with a squeeze of support. "Send breakfast upstairs at once to my room," she ordered, in con temptuous tones. "We wish to have ours in private." An hour later she persuaded Ann to look out of the window. "They are. driving away, dear; they are going to the station. Evidently she is taking her Nicholas liome to St. Anne's with out loss of time. You may as1 well see the Inst of the villain." "Yes! There he goes." observed Ann; In haughty bitterness, carefully liidliVg herself behind the wooden. . shutters, and watchlng-a family buggy, well la den, drive out of, the gate. I'There goes 'Mr. Patrick Bryan, with his big diffi culty sitting beside him, and his two little difficulties in front. W.ill he look round? No— Yes"— for Bryan, alias Nicholas Murphy, shot one last disap pointed glance at the green shutters, as the carriage turned into the high road, bearing him away to his home. "Oh! it is all nonsense and quite stuff, t6 talk about going back to England to morrow," expostulated Anita, after outpouring affectionate condolences op her friend, whose prostrate figure only faintly indicated, the utter collapse of Ann's mind; the crumbled ruin of her cottage-in-the-air abode of a patient wife and a reformed husband. Nan's trust in human nature was cruelly shaken; belief In lier own discrimina tion of character hid its face. "Listen, Ann! I consider myself your good genius. You should have married Don Edoardo, as I advised you. Now ' I must thlnlc what next is best to he done; for you cannot think for yourself, my poor Ann; you think too much for other people, that't It ,. . Yes, yes! I have It," clapping lier hands glee fully, "you must stay with us here all the winter. All the unmarried officers will fall In love with you, and you will marry, lot me see — there Is the Major, or Captain Jones." "Indeed, I cannot!" Ann roused her self on her elbow with a spark of reviv ing energy. Anita had already prat tled In artless confidence; revealing her own and Weelie's slender stock of worldly gear. True, being blest with a largo amount of the last gift In Pan dora's box, they both managed to live simultaneously in luxurious air castles with mutual satisfaction and congratu lations oii their joint luck. "No, no! I must go back. The story might get about here, and I should he laughed at— or pitied." (to be continued). 