FROM MY NOTE-BOOK. (1Y "'BUTEOtReFLY.'" Dear Mr. Editor,-Tho long winter even ings place at my disposal more spare time than is favoured me during any other season of the year, and I therefore intend to sub. mit for your approval an occ.,sional letter (compiled from my note-book) in the hope that the samo may be worthy insertion in your columns and also acceptable to your readers. SMy attention was attracted a few days since when passing Mr. J. Leckie's establish. ment. I noticed through your columna that the firm had secured the cervice. of a first-class milliner and also a dressmaker. I am very pleased to be in a position to vouchsafe for the truthfulness of the an nouncement, at least so far as the artistic work of the lady who has charge of the millinery department is concerned. No passer-by can fail to be attracted by the tasto and work exhribited in AMr. Leckie's window. Several hata and toques caught my eye, which at once convinced me that they were not the production of any other than a professional hand. To particularise them would be no easy matter, but I may say that they were of the latest fashions, being perfectly trimmed and finished in a style that no metropolitian house would feel any diffidence in submitting to their most fastidious patrons. Knowing you have a penchant for a good joke I have it within my reach to forward you one, which is as follows, the truth of which I can vouch for. It runs thus :-A certain young lady resident in Alexan dra was spending the evening with a private family in Downey-street, and having occas. ion to peuss the store-room she screamed a scream and fell to the floor. The inmates hastened to her assistance when they found her to b: in hysterics. Vhen she rallied a little, she trippiugly informed her friouds that there was a ghost in tihe store room. A scene of confusion now ensued, nnd the ladies rushed hither and thither into the adjoining rooms, and bellowed for father and brothers to come to their assistance. On lights being procured and the store-room entered it was discovered that a bag of flour had been opened during the day and the top was left exposed. A ray of light having shone on this as the timid young lady passed was the cause of all the trouble. iappiness reigned supremo afterithe ghost had been discovered " bagged." How many families in the shire would like to be frightene:l with such a weird spectacle while flour is 26s. 6d. a bag? I am informed that Miss Mageoo hasnpened i a " studio "(next Punshon's) for the purpose of receiving pupils who are desirous of being taught the art of scientific dress-making. Iamsorry to say that very tight lcaingseeme to be creepir.g in amongst lnme of my young (and rne or two elderly) lady friends in Alexandra. There always has ben, and always will be,, foolish women In the world who imagine that a wasp- woi-t is the pretti est thing to study; asn I am very much afraid that the fashion-plates and illustra tions which appear in the papers for women encourage them in their fully; but certainly nature n-ver intended woamen to look as if they were cut in two, as tihy appear to be in those pietures. It is said that at a recent wedding in lelxbuorno the mother of the bridegroom was very much perturbed at the eight of the bridemnuide, for the waists of all these charming young tldies nettnl d to be unusually small. This eatimable lady at one time tried to feo, a league for the' suIpre<sion of crt;mping t he f,.et of girl babies of China, but it w~. a failure, and one Chinese girl, who I'umol.ed about on her de fortmed feet, it reported to have said to her ladyahip : ' We squeezy fo,ot, yn u queey waist : same object-bhth gteo husband l' The ladly was nonplussed, and had no defence to make. It is probable that plain, tight leeves will coon be the order of the, day. Bat, of conrse, the symmetrical oleve will not, just yet, be worn by everyone. I have before me sketches of a new gown, and the a!lcves are tight. from shoulder to wrist, with just a very small hump at the top. When in -Melbourne a few w'ells ago and us I was po1sina s f sb. Ionable dre-o-m aking eltablithment, I noticed in the window a paper pattern of a new oleeve which was tight to the elbow; then a frill, or what would have been a full pointed cuff had it been at the wrist, troke th~i tto straight ugly line; then another tight" piece cam" from elbow to wrist, and a plain' pointed cuff came over the hand almost to the knuckles. It will be some time before' our 'eyes become reconciled to the look of our arms in tight hard coverings, after all the "offs and gatherings that we have grown t admire, and in this change of fashion there s is one ray of comfort, and that is, that our big sleeves will cut into little ones. It would ppear from the 'boom " now n commencing In Alexandra in the cotumiers' h mine, that " Rood prospects" are before d them. Let us hopeso, and that dividends , will be forthcoming from the jump. I would is like to palronlse them all, but n.s.f. unst ' s, ?ice as my excuse. 