MISCELLANY. An Old Revolutionist.—1The earth. Daily and Nightly Post A lamp-post. A Regular Make-Shift.—The sewing machine. Why must logic have legs ?—Because it stands to reason. The girl who once pedalled the piano now gives the ears a rest and the eyes a eight of gladness by pedalling the wheel. Uncle Bob—"Hallo, Franbiel Why do you call your little dog Fan ?' Frankie—" Oh, 'cos she keeps her tail going Just like one." Fibst Workman—" Business is pickin' up. I heard the boas say he'd jjot two orders to fill/' Seoond Workman—" That's so? Then it's time to strike again." Had No Use Fob It.—Chappy—" Ma told me to call here and ask you if you couldn't give me something for my head." Doctor Blunt—" You run home and tell your ma I wouldn't take it as a gift." Tommt—"Ma, Fred Tibbins spoiled my new hat." Tommy's Mother—"The naughty boy t What made him do it? Did you do anything to him ?' Tommy—" No'm, nothin'. I was jabbin' my bat at bie head for fun, an' he didn't dodge." Tailor—"Married or unmarried?'' Cus tomer—" Married." Tailor (to cutter)—" One pocket concealed in lining of vest." Customer—" Eh ! What's that ?" Tailor (explaining)—" To hide your change, you know, at night. I'm married myself." Young excursionist from the shires to his sweetheart, after wandering rather aimlessly for some time in Begent's park—" Well, Polly, if you like, we'll go and eee the beasts in the Zoological* gardens." Polly—" Oh, no; I'd much sooner stay with you 1" ' First Cab Driver—" What's that thing yer got 'atween the shafts o' your cab, matey 7' Second Cabman—"Whv can't you see? That's my 'osj. What do you think it is?' F.O.D.—"Oh, I .fought it was one of those 'ere new photographs. pet ean only seethe skelington." \- "Mercy!" cried the fair young girl as the umpire walked on the baseball grounds. " Take me home, George; this place is haunted ; I see a ghost." '■'Ghpst j i where 7' "There." "Why, that's the J""Pire j "I know; but he was umpire last vear. I thought they always killed them before the end of a year." The Writing Lesson. — Little Girl— •Please, ma'&ra;, Johnny Smart is m&kin;' mistakes in his writing lesson." Teacher—" How do you knowr r Little Girl—"There's three capital' S's in the copy to-day, and he's matin' L'e." Teacher—" You can't see his pen." Little Girl—" No'm, but I can see his tongue." A mother was the proud possessor of twins, who were as much alike as two peas. One night she heard a series of giggles proceeding from the neighbourhood of the twins' bed. " What are you laughing at there?" she said. " Oh, nothing," replied Edith, one of the twins; "only you have given me two baths and Alice none." "William," she said gently, and yet in accents of reproof, "you remember that I gave you several letters to post last week, don't you ?" " Y-yes, I remember it." " Hut this is the first time you remembered it since I gave them to you, isn'i it?" "I—I must confess it is. i ow do you know ? " "I put a post card addressed to myself among the lot, and it hasj't yet reached me." Farmer Jones—" Well, Willie, what did ye 1'arn so college this vear 7' Willie (Princedale, 99, facetiously)—44 Oh, I learned to smoke, and'to plough up a field - ith my golf clubs." Farmer Jones—"Good. Ye do me proud, sonny. To morrow, m set ye to w ork ^xuokin* a few herns, an* next week I'll let ve take th* gollttf clubs an' plough up i he ten-acre lot." Whe'ikk—"Everybody says that Podmore has invented the verv iiest bicycle vet known. Rut he can't put it on the market." Grinder—'- Whv ? Unable to find capital ?" W heeler—" Oh, no. lie could get it ten times over anv day." Grinder — "Can't get a patent? Wheeler—" Patent already secured." Grinder—" Then what is the matter?" Wheeler—" Nothing to call it. All the names are used up." In a discussion on the liqnor tariff, a speaker once expatiated to a debating society in Dubliu on the fact that it was mainly horn the whisky tax the British Government derived i he funds where* ith they paid soldiers, police, spies, gaolers, and so forth to repress and punish Irish patriotism and keep the country in subjection. " But," said he, " the fault is vour own. You canrot blame the Government. It leives you free to drink or not to drink, just as you please. There is no compulsion. The British Govern ment does not bring you into the public-houses and pour the whisky down your throats." Whereupon there arose from someone in the bodv of the hall the pathetic exclamation, " Ah, 1 wish tb'ey would!" Class-room Humoub. — No protessor is more kindly remembered by the "boys" who graduated from Wesleyan Uuiversitv a generation ago than Professor Johnston, or " Uncle Johnnie," as he was more familiarly known, besides having a profound scientific mind he had a keen reli6h for a good joke, whether on himself or another. In order to aid the students of geology in grasping the essential distinctions between the various classes of rock, he requested them to bring in specimens and place them on his desk before the recitation began, tine day a student brought in a piece of brick, secured from a building being erected near the col lege, and placed it on the table among the other specimens. "Uncle Johnnie" came in a few mo ments later, and, apparently unsuspecting the hoax, began the recitation as usual by picking up the specimens, one at a time, naming them, and re marking their peculiarities. "This, gentlemen, is a piece of sandstone; this is granite; while this, somewhat similar i-i its formation, is quartz. Arid this," taking up the lost bit on the table and gravely surveying the expectant class over the rim of his glasses, " is a piece of impudence."—John Angus Thompson (" Harper's Magazine"). The oddest birthday celebration is thus described by a gentleman who travelled through the Southern States of America. "In the northern part of Georgia I came upon a negro cabin, and, as I approached, it became evident that some extraor dinary commotion was going on within. In fact, shouts and yells of terror succeeded one anoLher so rapidly that I hastened to see what oould be the trouble. As I drew rein before the door, half a dozen ragged picaninnies ran out. All but one of them were screaming and crying at the tops of their voices, while the odd one, as merry as the others were Bad, began tumbling cart-wheels aod standing on his head. At this moment a man, evidently the head of the household, appeared in the doorway, and, in answer to m.v inquiries, gave me the following ex planation of the mystery Yer see, eah, die is 'Bastus's birthday'— indicating the one whose joyful antics I have just mentioned. ' Now I'se powerful hard up jes' at presen*, and didn't have no money ter celebrate in de usual way. An' it jes' bruk me all up ter see de res' habln' jes' am much fun on 'Bastus's biithday as 'Raslus was bahin' hisself; so, times bain' so hard de only wav I oould see was ter gio the res' all a lickin", an' dat kinder raises 'Raitus up ober de odtiers t'" A little money Sung to 'Bastus proved a charm that raised hiiustill higher, and dried the tears of the others In an instant. An Enterprising Official.— " Goin' away?" inquired the Siatioo Agent in the sleepy little Camvdiau town, as the Summer Man appeared at the ticket-window. "Yes," replied the Summer Man. " Can you " " Waal, now, I guess th' girla 'II miss ye," broke in the Station Agent. " Fellers ia mighty scaroe up here this year. Goin' baok to the oily?' '* Not direotly," answered-the Summer Man. "fin going to the White Mountains. How oan " " Sho!" said the Station Agent, ooming out of his office in order to be more sociable. " Aitt't stylish enough fer ye up here, I guess. Betiemhi tell the girls where yer goin': they'll think ye beliere yerself too good fer 'em. What part the White Mountains ye goin' tor "To the Notch. What is the most direct way of getting there r "To the Notch r repeated the Station Agent, sitting down in the door way and knocking the ashes out of his pipe. " Yea What is the nearest route from here?'" reiuterrogated the Summer Man. " Waal, now, that's raore'n Ic'd tell ye," replied the Station Agent, as he gaeed pen sively down the tiaok. "Oh, here, (rive me the time table and I'll look it up myself,' sold thfflMBtmet Man, with some impatience. , ff Why,. ?*0»bMnly i Weip yourself," said the Sjatioa Agsat. Mgtaniug to stow a rtlght degree ol Jnterehti fWjMibatiM the general petition of the time-t^StoJt jnotipB of Ma left thumb. " And say * Sli^%rhea ytf yi ; found oat, let me know, will ye ! day BOSS br somebody doeoBfcl tlMb 