A CARNIVAL OF CANT. — ,. ». .. '. - A robe of Beaming truth and trust Hid erafty Observation ; And secret hung, with poison'd crust, iTie dirk of Defamation ; A mask that like the gorget show'd Dye-varying on the pigeon ; And for a mantle large and broad, He wrapt him in 'Religion. During nearly tbe whole of last week the public of this continent have been treated to a carnival of cant, organised and conducted by a religious rabble comprising Anglican Bishops in lawn sleeves and with well-lined paunches, and Wesleyan- Methodist tub-thumpers of impoverished abdominal anatomy, and dight in dirty dickies which conceal still dirtier under-linen, or the entire absence of any linen at all — dirty or clean. The game began on Sunday morning at St. Andrew's, by a, grand, granting, grab performance, by that Gargantuan, full-fleshed, wine-flushed lover of the Lord, Bishop Saumarez-Shith, who made the text from, the 10th chapter of Nehejiiah — ' We will not forsake the house of the Lord ' — a pretext for plunging his big leg-of-mutton-fist once more into the partially-enipty pockets of his impoverished congregation : He emphasised the duty of the. people to help forward the service of God in that central sanctuary — that 'metropolitan' olrareh, and urged that the help should come from all classes, and should not be grudged, but be given, not apathetically, but eagerly. The offertories should, he said, be far larger than they were if only overyone gave a little. Help ontside that obtained from the congre gation was needed for the services of the cathedral. There was probably ignorance as to the cathedral's limited resources. If they got .£20 a Sunday they might go on very well, but the offertories did not exceed from JE10 to JE15 a Sunday. A kind of idea prevailed that the cathedral had ample funds of its own, whereas there was an incumberance of JE7O0O on the cathedral, and the Chapter — or govern ing body — found it hard to make ends meet. Of course they found it hard to make both ends meet. There is this big bingied, wine-bibbing Bishop to bo fed, and provided with a perfect palace to live in at Potts Point, together with a carriage ' and pair with which to make society calls, and to attend champagne shivoos at Go vernment House and elsewhere. Besides, this ? beautiful , model of !a Christian Bishop: has to be afforded the wherewithal -,fbr ano.th.er holiday jaunt ' to Europe, as he told them in' the Synod last Tuesday.-: ' /? I have accepted the invitation of the Arch-, bishop of Canterbury to be present at the Cit Lambeth Conference of 1897. The mess connected with that remarkable assembly «rf bishops of the Anglican commu nion, together with my own domestic affairs and preparation for bringing back some of my children, .with me on my return— if God' will — requires an absence of; some duration. I do not purpose leaving Sydney until March, and I desire, if possible, to spend eight or nine months in England.' My hurried visit in 1894 was one of less than 13 weeks, and it did not,' I think, canse any considerable break in .my diocesan official engagements. But this -time .1 desire a longer interval,- not only because of ttio matters above referred to; but because I feel that I do, in some measure, peed a. reatful change from the inoeeeant strain' 'fr^Mr1 tie 'duties of- my position here have imposed. The sorfc of change this big-boned, broad-shouldered, big- bellied Bishop requires from lining iis corporation and constantly cooling his coppers with otter than blessed bread and sacramental wine, is a good spell, of real hard graft. Such a big, overfed, bloated personage is an opprobrium ±6 the pulpit, especially, as many of- his poor clergymen are starving aad' literally in rags. This is the same, benign Bishop who was nicknamed' ' Some- More 0 Yez ' Smith by the Darlinghurst cabmen for declining to pay them more tliau a paltry shilling ioi% conveying his# corpulent carcase to the city, whereas slenderer men, with more heart and less belly, always paid, a$ least, one shilling and sixpence for Hb$ same journey. Such Christians deserve to be driven to town in Chinese dung-carts, Bishoo Smith, while badgering his congregation for fresh funds to fee the Precentor and tune up the organ, might have told them whe ther the previous Precentor, who was caught prigging gold coins off the col lection plate and concealing them under his clerical habiliments, in full face of the worshippers, had ever made l-estitution. Was it not Bishop Smith who . cloaked up this prigging Pre centor's dirty business, shipped him off to Brisbane, and got him another billet there to praise God, and, per haps, again palter with the plate ? Truth thought so at the time, and publicly stated it. Bishop Smith nevei denied the allegation. Why not ? He dare not. And this is the man who is constantly crying to his congregation to put more money in the plate, and in his purse, so that he may go on a pleasure trip to Europe, and who winds np his last Synod address in the following snuffle-busting, not to say sacreligious style : — May the Holy Ghost, whose inspiration we invoke at the opening of every meeting of our synod, enable each and all of us strenuously to maintain our position as Christians, knit together in unity of spirit and purpose (even where precise unity of form and method are unattainable), and always finding needed correction and constant comfort in our one Lord and Saviour, who is ' the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever.' Isn't it beautiful ? 0 yes, O yes, Some More 0 Yes, cries this sixteen stone saint, who is ' the same yester day, to-day, to-morrow, arid for ever ' — constantly on the cadge. In this same holy Synod, presided over by this same Bishop Smith, the public were afforded the edifying spec tacle of a lot of parsons pulling each other to pieces almost over the preach, ings of a barrister badly bitten by'the clerical bug. Barrister Field, it seems, preaches at Coogee, and. administers the sacrament in an unconsecrated building, havinga sort of a lay license to do something or other of the kind from Bishop Smith. But the burly barrister seems to have been poaching on a duly-ordained parson's preserves, and, therefore, the said parson wants the- rival show shut up. But the belated barrister persits iu bawling from his opposition perch, much to the scandal and chagrin of certain clerics who nearly upset the holy Synod over the business. On Friday — a fatal day for fat parsons frightened for their fees — Mr. Field, who sought fair play at' the hands of these men of God, was promptly fired out ' up in the gallery,' by order of the paunchy Primate. Here's how the ' Herald ' ' chronicles this edifying incident : — Yesterday Mr. E. P. Field was noticed within that portion of the Chapter-house re served for members of the synod industriously distributing copies of a printed paper, which was seemingly a petition that he might be heard '' before the matter is decided.' An officer of the synod advanced towards Mr. Field and - called to him several times, but, Mr. Field's attention being concentrated upon the distribution of the papers,, he did not seemingly hear the officer. - The Primate then role arid called to Mr.,Tield;'who thereupon explained that he'was,:deliveri!ig copies of-a; petition that he should be heard by the synod ;' be would have delivered-tbem earlier, he-said, .but was prevented by. their Jate arrival from the printer. The Primate said that Mr. Field ? was in front of the.bar of the house. Ho was not entitled .to' remain, and' therefore must leave. Mr. Field thereupon withdrew to the ' gallery ' (on the floor of the house) reserved for visitors; ??? ... :- How these Christians love one another ! With what unction can they not consistently chant, in- unison with their feelings towards the' parsonical poacher on their preserves, the beauti ful words of the Litany, ' From all blindness iof heart ; from pride, vain .glory, aad hypocrisy; from.' envy, hatred ' and ? malice, - and all unchai'i tableness— Good ' Lord - deliver us ' ; to which all the congregation of ' the saints, who -, know . th'ese Gentle Shepherds and their works, must shout out, : of . one accord, a- loud, a hearty, and a double-barrelled Amen,., Amen ! To. the same clerical clutch belongs that cronk theologian .and crazy con troversialist, a Rev.' 'Dr.' Ch.u.mees, .who,' rejoicing ,in: the . designation 'of Bishop of Goulburn, signs bis screeds 'Win. Goulbnrh.'' : God ?' help -' tbee; .then, silly Goulbttrn Billy! He has been having another tilt at Cardinal Moran on the questions of Maryolatry and Papal Infallibility, of which he seems to know as much, or perhaps less, than a pig knows of conic sections or of the differential calculus. He is a sort of clerical chanticleer crowing f voia the Orange dungheap, who won't allow Catholics, not even a Cardinal and Prince of the Church, to know what Catholios revere and what they worship. It is a pity that such sec tarian savages and parsonical pimps as this chap Chalmehs should be. . permit ted to pollute the paper of so-called respectable journals with their rabid revilings of the oldest branch of the Christian faith. ? Then there has been, during the last week, a revival of what is known as the Methodist Union mania. Columns about it have been published in the daily press, but no one seems to know what it means, not even the concoctors of the scheme. It seems to be an attempt to reorganise and bolster up in one organisation a batch of sectarian societies, which appear to have gone religiously, morally, and financially bankrupt. The attempt is to be made on Labor League liues, since the scheme, which is said to in volve not only religion and morals, but also ' Christian Charity,' is to be decided by a sort of mob vote for all male and female Methodists over 21 years of age. All who have been 'converted' and figured- at the 'Penitent Form,' are entitled to exercise this ^funny sort of franchise. Here's an outline of this new scheme 'of salvation : — Tbe Wralcyau Conference in March list, after a pro tracted discussion ou tbe subject of tbe organic uuion of tbe various branches of the Metbodlet Church, agreed to refer the question to the adherents (both sexes) of the church throughout the colony, and also the various trustee meetings, quarterly meetings, and^district synode. The conference apointed a3 Us representatives ou thelMethodist Federal Council 12 ministers and 11 laymen, in additiou to tbe president, represeatiug dif ferent views of the question, and instructed them to prepare a statement of the whole question , together with asruopsis of the scheme for union, to be freely circulated amongst the Aiethodist people throughout the colour. All boua-fide adherents of both sexes over the age of 31 years are asked to toU, . Thefollowingis tbe 'statement andwheme'Tifa-wrj up by the Wesleyau section o! the federal council : — 1, By djrcctioo of the annual conferance of 18S§. the Westeyan -section of the Methodist Federal Council has prepared the folio-tying *l statement of the \yhole_ques: tion, together with such other information as is pro curable showing the position of tbequeetiuu, aud also a synopsis of the scheme, .such statement aud scheme to be freely circulated among our people. . . 2\. The organic union upon whicli you arc askei to vote is one between tbe Wesley-au Methodist, Prim - tire Methodist, aui Free Methodist Ohurches of Xew South Wales. The official forniulators of this quasi political path to Paradise are the Revs. W. G. Tatlor and Dr. W.- Woolls Routledge. The first used, to' run the holy show at the Centenary Hall, in York-street, on Sundays, and hire the hall out to secular showmen on week days. He's identical with the peri grinating parson who, not long ago, went on a cadging tour through Eng land and America, and 'returned to Australia with his pockets full of emptiness, and his mouth fullof curses against Chicago and the Continental Sunday. His confrere in concocting the scheme is a sort of Champion Gimlet among the Social Purity cranks, who want to. penalise .any sort of interr course' between -the sexes, even .. t-i mature age, and to abolish the nude in Nature and the ' altogether in Art.' , They are a most pretty and peculiarly appropriate pair o£.. parsons to publicly formulate a scheme, for putting the various hostile branches of Methodism into one 'bag, and then-^haking them all up together iu the hopv of drawing a prize. This is a sort on. Methodist pulpit - punchers' lottery -iv a new version of the sectarian game£ of beggar my neighbor — at , \wjiich all the impoverished pireacU^s hope to win. Bu.f they wiU Jnd to ? their cost and sorrow that . the game will not be worth the candle; their union dodge will not work — r Metl&odist; Union is a cock that won't fight. The public are by this time not only growing suspicious, but getting heartily sick of the schemes and ^con trivances of parsons, lay' and- clerica^ to dominate public opinion, and : to dive into the people's pockets. . Never before has there been such a deluge.of these designs. , The public— saints and. scoffers — are surfeited -with .the saacr, .timonious drivel which is. being con tinually dinned into their -i ears from every Bethel pulpit and Social Pruriency platform ?, and the Carnival of Cant which has been inflicted on the public during the past week by a whole -horde of parsonical parasites, must of a surety prove of salutary effect by promoting a righteous revolt against all such dubious devil-dodgers, : and their devious devices, 