The Mysterious House. The detective had droppad the paper elhl ing how Salvatore Cavaliere, the Lonug Jranch Italian, made his dwelling a store house of plunder. 'rJvery house holds its myistery," hb began tritely. 'lbe.n he told 'the story of a house he woul.d not specify particuladiy "I w?:s detailed to watch it," he went on, "bepatse there was something odd about its t&nant.; A most re~spectable house in a most .respgctable neighbourhoo]d, it had been sublet to one William Smith, a small dark nman with a foreign accent. "He had praid six months' rent i advance in lieu of refe?yrence, and as the dull sum mer seasoJn was coming on the agent had not quibbleal over this slight viodatioen of his rule resuliring references. VWhence he came, what 'his trsie, no one could say. The rent was paid in gold. "After Mr. Smith had moved in--ie rented furnished-the .erange proceeding; 'sgan which attracted the neighbours' atten tion. Just after sundow'n muffled me: begain to appear at the door', which would open, revealing the dimly lit hall. The visitor entered. Now the peculiar feature of the case was that no one ever came out, while tr. Smith existed appareurnly inde pendnent of the butcher and baker. If you rang, the manservant simply told you that Isl master was not in. But other persons found him in. Thlree or four persona paassc-d that threshold daily, never to reappear over it. Of course the neighbouring servants whispered marvellout Lales of ghosts. If you went and scanned the faces of those who entered, you folund them to .te ap pareutly gentlemen, with thin intellectrtaf facrs. "Going up the steps tibh visitor .'ould peer about as if fearing observation. One of the doulble hall doiors stood closed. While he waited he invariably stelpped be hind this screen until ithe other door was opened. Then it shiut on him. You might waeit al.l night and the next day, as I hava done, but the v·isitor never reappea'red. The house, heavily shuttered, Dresented an impassive front to the street that told nothing of its mystery. ".Naturally, I hadl theories of murder or olther crime being committed thee. But there were no reports of missing men and nowspaper personals gave no clue. Nor did we have anly complaints ,or other ovidence justifying a raid. Flinally I decided to take the matter into my own hands. I did this by boldly gaing up the steps a third time-I had been told twice by the strange servant that Mr. Smith was out. On this occasion I followed, closely on the heels of one of the visitors, who probably was destined never to app.:ar again. 1 rang, anld after a few minutes the door was opened. The saime servant .stood there. I-He Jwas black, ?-ith the regular features belonghng to East Indians or North Africans. If you eves- venture as far east as Constantinople, you nay' see men of his type in the cosmopol?ltan street throng. The peculiarity olf this man was hIis shining black eyes that looked Inn thrnirh nti thrarh 1T- ,wao, itn thr regulation black coat and whllitc cravat of the house lacke3y." "Mr. Smith?" "'Sees no one,' hie began in a slightly foreignl accent A heavi'ly-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on tile stairway. " 'But someone e?uersed a half misute before nre," I began. On the other occa sions I had asked who this mysterious Smith who concealed ain interesting per sonality very cunningly under that inost commonpllace name might be, whal. his occulpation, wheclle he camne. On bo'thl occalsions the door had slalmmed is mny fac e. "This time J toolk the precaution to put my foot over ?he sill in such a way that tho do1,r could not close. The muan atilhnlptcd it. I stepped inside. The door swunllg illnto its place with a little meta'llic click. "I fancied the black eyes snapped angrily, but the man motioned me ie'lly into an adjoinling roolnm. 'his 'was an o'T(lin5ry alpartment furlnished in tbe way of rooImns inll houses that 11re sublet, '\l?breo tIhe hric-a-bhrac and essentials giving cXp'rsl on hlavfe been remnoved. A lialp with a red shade liti. thile Ilacc. " 'Wai t Iwill see,' said tihe black. "Presently he returned, this tLile Iealr ing a silver tray, on whiich were a curiously-carved silver decanter and sonie glasses, \with a plate of hiscuiits. The lmaln made a sort of obeisance that ihad in it something oriental, as if he hiad stepped ouRt of one of the stories dealing with tilhe Caliph Haroun al Rasehlid. " 'While you wait, won't you have some refreshment ?" "His accents were so suave that, for getting any susplcion, 1 did not stay his hand when 1ie loured some liquid liltke claret into one of the long decanters. Lifting it 'to my lips I found it was a curious-tasting beverage, For a moment I tlouglhit it was molten fire. T eli the black retainer appeared to be dancing bofore my eyes, and I lost consciousness. "%hen I awoke, I was on the couch in the same room. The lamp was still burn ing. I raised myself up. ,My head ached terribly. On a chair near rme sat a little monkey grinning and chatboring. It startled me at first, but in my trade one ceases to be asriid, because back of every thing, however mysterious, we are accus tomed to fliasl human cunnitlg. "I rose, 'threw back 'the shutters, and daylight po'ured Into, the room. I had been mere aii nignt. No one stirrnei except the poor little beast of a gibbering ape. I malde my Wany to tbe outside door, seeing no one, and on dilown the steps Into the street, the monkey frilowing. "I returned with a pollceman on the bealt. TWe searced the house high and low. There was no evidence of occupanoy beyond that of the little ape. No trunk or clothing or ood or 'ernn the silver decamter from whi? h 1 'hal drunk. Aboult the ape's neck was a coriously carved little silver chain with some odd catballistio device. At fhe Zoo 'in the park they told mel that he was of an Indian species. "During all my night stupor, what had become of the mysterious Mr. Smiith and his visitors? They were never seen nor heard of again. The house was just an ordinary d.weling on an ordinary st'eet. But for me it still has an enimatilcall ex prekssion of inexplicable mystery. 