IN THE BAE PARLOR. ' Ah,' sighed tljo Worm, ' raau is indeed a shadow. 1 mean as far as his wife is concerned.' 'What can you possibly know ubont tnntriruony ?' i-aid the Bar maid, who cimo in Ihrn with thn water. ' You never bad a wife. I don't believe you would have the piuoic io hck a pin to nave you. ' Or the cheek,' returned tlio Worm. ' It doesn't, take much pluck or cluck ( ither in Hobart. Thoy fairly nieit, into a fellow's arms if be throws tlio handker chief.' ' And into some otbee fellow's arms afterwards,' snapped the Snub Editor. 'Oil, dry up ecifso:s,'' put in Jim tlie Lanur. 'nil are not alikn.' ' It is to be hoped not for tbe credit of Tasmania, fiut really there are so many of them in onr sassiefy here that a joker needn't fear of going wroufr. There were ii^ie.xt many who took advantage of t'-e 1ph]- yeir to hany on pretty stiffly I can -e-l \ou.'' 'They don't uaut the untural stimulus of ii leap yrar,' said the Sauday Ma;-, ' or any otliei year. He the way I went oat the other day -o get n patch put en my hoot, which wns leiiin.* the cold in lather fieely. ] went, to a friend I know who do; s vour repairs whilst you wait.' 'A c.so of necessity with you I should think,' remarked (he Bottli'holder. ' Well, everyone doesn't possess a convenient wife he c:tn raise a* hundred pound or two on out of a giddy medico, you know, so I'm not too rich. But anynaj', I witnessed a little leap year episode on the part of a long piece of timber who has haunted my friend for some time. She is veiy game I cm let you know. Mfade him a present of two shirts to keep him warm once.' 'Very nice indied,' said the Sporting Reporter. ' That's a mattei of opinion. Nothing sickens a man eo much as being run after. Why this one will haveat-aie bit of stuff when the old woman dies, and she does not forget to let him kaow it either.' 'Wants him to sell himself like,' mused the Worm. ' It will be she who will ba sold in the end,'' 6aid the Sunday Man. ' It is to be hoped she is over six teen and has lior birth certificate all right. One may as well be -nre. ful.' ?'? IP W 'I went to Fee the football ma'ch on Saturday,' remarked the Sport ing Reporter, 'and was much struck with the beautiful aspect presented by the mouths of the barrackers as they yelled impotent idiocy at the players. Not one of fhe men in the field could hear any thing save a confused roar, yet ihey kept on like a mob of wild beasts in a cireuB.' ' It is a study of humau nature,' observed the Gloomy Man, ' which as ii philosopher j must say in terests me. Now an artist would lind a great deal there to make up a study I should say, but not a Trilby s-udy. Something which would about fit up Dante's in ferno.' ' It is not nltoffpthei confined to the Im-racker.a. There are others who ought to profit by it. There was a friend of mine on the pavil lion ground who supported tbe City. The Norlh Hobart were having the best of it, but like a sei-«ih-e men In merely took his gmel quietly and watched the pro gress of the u'a-nc. Two great hulk-ing half-drunken specimens of the gouus bun-acker ci me along and threw off at him. He made them no reply for a time, until Iheir re m;;rks became unbearable. They were violently personal, not to say obscene.' '? Where were the jjylice ?' asked tbe Worm. ' That is a question often apked, but seldom satisfactorily answered. Anyway, there were half-a-dozen :ommittcenien lounging by and I hey might have laken up the matter one would think. But in itr.ad of this they contented Ihem ;elves by g« inning in a semi -idiotic nnnnei a;- ihrmuu ihey rather re ished it moie than otherwise.' 'I thought: tljey weiie ~f,here to Bee the pablui ' wore protected ngniust, blackgaa'dism,' said the Poet. ' So they, are, But appaveritly opinions differ , in ihui, respec),. My friend who is. a man of peace, at ilength could r-tiind it 'no longer, and told the., lalkat've ones that bu would have to take the law into his own hands with them.' ' Aod'did he?' askud the At.'i letio Reporter. *' He did that. Walking arom-d to the vrould-be bullies he told tho -worst of the two to put up din hands, and when he did so be dropped him such a beauty on the point that it toppled that boiBteious party over, nnd his male like n cat stuck Ii is (ail between his legs and cleared.' # * » ' I dropped upon something unique in the way of a labor item the other day,' said Jim the Luncy, ' and it served to show how far a man's conceit will some times carry him. Yon all know that there is not too much work in Hobirt just at present' ' You are right,' said the Go vernment House Man, 'and a Ion? cold winter before us.' wen, io continue. A young party who is a coach builder or painter or somelhing of the kind by trad*1, uot having too much to do at hie own business sought a job rl»r where, and got it — a1 f h-nei work.'' '' No disgrace in (hit,' said the Publisher. ' Any kind of labor is honorable.' 'Did I say it wasn't? Ym telling \ou of the new laborer. H. got a j ib digping a drain at five bob a dny and didn't tike too kindlv to it. You see he wag a liule bit as name I (o let his cliner see him in dirty clothes, and didn't cate for his ft-ifnd1) noticing it either, so lie hawked a ppaie pair of boots and pants to worn witn him. ilo won the 'wo pair of continuations on hii way to work, pulled thorn off am drew them on over the soiled onef when he knocked off. He likewise changed his boots and walked home in quite a dsndy pair.' ' ITe ought ro have brought hit drrsKt'ng room with him,' said the Publisher, ' whilst be-.wis at it, Did he have a comb and hrnsh ??*' ' I couldn't say. But I did hem that ho. carried a looking glnst with him to makfi sure all was ir proper order before he concluded his toilette.' ' He should obtain a job af waiting maid at a f-aeeicty mansion,' said the Publisher. ? ? # ' I heard it remarked last week,' said the Athletic Reporter, ' that a movement was on foot to select a team of old foothill players and challenge the best team in Tas mania at the end of the s^aBin.' ' It wonld be an interesting game no doubt,' said the Pub lisher, ' and I wonldn't mind backing the old boys for level money any diy.' ' I don't believe a crack (earn would have the ghost of a ehanro with them,' remarked the Poet. ' Speaking about ghosts.' said Ilie Police Court Reporter, ' some fool has been parading »bout tho 3emeteries in Hobart lately trying to frighten women and c'lildrr-n. Re hr-s been on the job at. St. Mary's cemetery and up at Trinity Hill. It's a pity his career isn't finished like the Adelaide pai-tp. They fined a ghost there four pounds odd.' ' Not enough for him as money props there,' put in the Insignifi 3ant Man. ' Over in Melbourne it one time a pirty carried on his shortly games so far that a reward )f £2.') was gazetted for his arrest. They called him Spring-Heeled laok on account of the rapidity he displayed in evading hU pnrsiicrs. Ft was said he did it for a wager, For when they were looking for bim in one place he turned up somewhere gIsb ' ' A dangerous game,' remarked tbe Editor. 'You can bet it wns. A lia'f drunken neiman was sir Hut merrily home one evening in Iticlu mond when the gb.ist appeared to him. Now the sailor wns not a little bit Kcaivd — qaite thr- conti-.iry iu fact — so he went for the joker in a good old fashioned style and knocked down wi'h an iron bar for bis pains. Ho put up his arm to stop the blow and the bat broke it and fractured liis jaw.' ''A cowardly :icl,,' RiiiH Jim the Lnney. '? But p- -pie wlm ilre-K np by niaht t- frighten women and children are notbincr ol«e lint curs.' 'That is not the worst part of it,' continued the oth-.-r. ' A ludv j was i e turning limne^'one eviuing when he rushed out of an allcc wn.y, a( her «nd frightened her s' .tltar who fell down in a dead faint. jSlie was taken to th- Alfred Hospi'al and protnatnrcly confined. ,S!i ' dud in tlio ? ward. There were . pi I) r cases too of a gi^.ve nature ; but .al though strenuous -efforts were made to ? orarbaul Hie ppectte no -one managed to effect a cap^re.'' ' Where were th,e. police P' . '? That question has b;nu aireidy -nsked thiH evening and not an swered. How should I kn-iw ? They were all right the other day over the Wliitehouse business up at Ted StaceyV ' Very much so,' e iid t,'n- Gloomy Man. ' They didn't forget to let. every one know all about whose pnb it was, too. In the other ciise whe-« Auson whs pinched for picking a Weal, Coaster's pocket, they never breathed a word abnut tbe pub, nor in the fifly pound roblery either.' ' It, roust come out in the wash Rome day,' said the Worm, ' and if what I can hear is gospel it. most have been a very smart arrest indeed. The pnblican fixed up everything for them so that the man who lost his money sboald be at, no inconvenience, and pointed out the delinquent to them afler wards So hn was shot, in, and our g'ovollin:/ priRs comes out with giiudy colors of nn account of a elever arrest, e'e' ' Well, you see they have eot, a new hoy reporter on the j'ih now. and th'-y oive him plenty of pigeon's milk. too. Cheap labor lives on pigeon's milk. ' A fair cample of Tastianian love for n fellow turned up al Rich mond last week. I wai up that wny at a concert.' said the Poet, 'which was given in aid of the fund* to put npa fence round a church or roitip thing. A friend of mine wn« asVed to cm.tribute a son?, and al though ho wns npit over-anxious to attend on the platform, cinsen-ed to please the organisers of the move ment. A storekeeper who at, one *ime earned the eognflmen of 'Sweet William,' because he was such a dear ladies' man, and called by the gentlemen the ' BesnstHlk,' who_ by the wav is as free from music as a frog is from frathers, always sports his tnll but withered appearance by taking a Ftindincr position against the library hall door, which is nnturally looking shabby for tbe want of piinr, through the Beanstalk rubbing against it. This joker appeared to entertain n rabid sort of a feeling towards the singer, as he put up His hand to his mouth nnd was loud in' his denunciation of his efforts. Yet the audience, gave him nn encore. Tliera wasn't much in it out^ido their own circle, vet the whole dis trict saw it For truly of eurh paltryness is Tasmania for the grca'er part made un, and I never. take a walk into the country to commune with natnre, as it were, hut that, the fair face of all ia dis turbed by such smallnesn.' ' They have nothing else to do in conntry Tasmania,' remarked the Pnhlishfr. '1 whb travelling from New Norfolk,' said the Bottleholder. ' last we-'k, and when at the Camel station ? ' ' You menu Cavmel,' said the Sunday Man. 'No; Cnnel or Droniodarr, I'm not, sure which; but anvbow, two youn? felluwfl got in, and continued a conversation abont soniPone who seemed ti amuse them very much.' ' Who wns it?' inquired the Go vernment IT'inse Man. 'How can I tell?' replied tbe other, 'when they only loFnrrrd to the narty :-s ' be ' nnd ' him.' Th»y made extremely merry over tli'p sudden improvement in his dress aud get-up, for fiom goin? abont e-ollarless and indifferent generally to persDiial appeirmoes, he had smtrlened up wonderfully, nnd, as one of the pkerc nliRpwed, Ind Iat-lv r-apppii his tnffinesfi by plM Kf e; iiiu liitnself wit ? jeweleiv.' 'Come inlo money perlians ' s.-iM the Worm. ' ' ' So I liny Siiid, I think, and b^-ing ablu to do without work be had set up as a lady- killer, bnt was not ma'sinpr a success of it.' 'Wha' di.-il::tli--d 'n- !ove dinam ?' i--qnir. ii t.lnj V. at. ' Wh-. np.rl from the fno.t, that ( e obje-t .-.f bis mi-placed admira i; n \w)uld not under r.ny cirenm stan-psh« it til like'y -o recipro cate, I tr»;heiv] ihril il,.,o is ? er— well, a fo'-niidiihhj ol st^cle in the way. lint it i- rnllK-ra delicate subject to tsekle.' I ? — ; '.'Yoviv discretion does 'you j hoiior, 'sajd the Oovernroent Ho iw ?Han. '1But 'youth, gool loots and money combined might dyerturh Klllhat.' '? '?/-?' ; '' ' 'Tb'-t'c you are out of it, for I igath ivii/that slie''Jias' left youth b long way' b'bhinfl, iand :had never {been a bGauty;',whli6'hB ia only rich :by comnnrisbrj With' Ilio smaller cockatoo fftvmerH'nfbuhd him. Be 'sides, h'-^ is married.' ; 'You seem to In ve take:) par ticular notice of (he conversation,' said the Sporting Reporter. 'I did, and with good reason,' replied the other, '^or I profited by I he s mple of what onr youths -.t«kc np t.'ieii* time in sifling. Of all .?- m -e'ess asses commend mo he'e.' ', ? ? ? ? 