A BLACK AFFAIR. "T didn't want to bring it," , said ' Captain Gubson, regarding somewhat unfavourably a grey parrot whose cage was hanging against the mainmast-, " but my old un'cio was so sot.- on it I had to. He said a sea-voyage would set its 'elth up." " It seems to be all right at present," said the mate, who was tenderly sack ing his forofingeb; "best o spirits- 1; should say." " It's playful," assented the skipper, " The old man thinks a ; rare lot of it. I think I shall have n little bit in that quarter, so keep your .eye on the beggar." - " Scratch _ Poll," said the parrot, giving its bill a preliminary 'strop on its perch. V Scratch poor Polly." It bent its head agiiinst the bars, and -waitod patiently to play olF what it had. always regarded as the most consummate ' practical joke in exist ence. The first doubt it had ever had about' it occurred when the mate came forward and obligingly scratched it with the stem of his pipe. It was a wholly unforeseen development, and the parrot, ruffling its feathers, ddged along its perch and brooded darkly at the other end of it. Opinion before the' mast was - also against the now arrival, tho general view being that the wild jealousy which raged-in the bosom of the ship's cat would sooner or Ioter lead to mis chief." "Old Satan don't like it," said the cook, Bhaking his head. "The blessed bird hadn't been . aboard ten .minutes before Satan was prowling round. The blooming image waited till ho was about a foot ofF the cage, and then lie did the perlito and asked liirn whether he'd like a glass o' beer. I never see a cat so took aback in all my life. Hover." " There'll be trouble between 'em," said old Sam, who was the cat's special protector, " mark my words." " i d put my money on the parros," said one of tho mon, confidently. " It's 'ad a crool bit out of the mate's finger. Where 'ud the oat be ogin that beak 1" , "Well, you'd lose your mor.ey," snid Sam. "If you wane to do the oat a kindness, every time you see him near that cage, cuff liis 'edj" The crew being much attached to the cat, which had been presented to . them when a kitten by the mate's wife, noted upon the advice with' so much zest that for the next two days the indignant animal was like to have 1 been killed with kindness. . On the third day, however, the parrot's cage being on the cabin table, tho cat stole furtively .down, and, at the pressing request of the occupant itself, scratched its head for it. The skipper was the first to dis cover the misohief, and he came on deck and published the news in a voice which struck a ohill to all hearts. " Where's that black devil got to!" he .yelled. " Anything wrong, sir?" asked Sam, anxiously. ' " Come and look hero,"; said the skipper. He led the way to. the cabin, where tho mate and one of the orew were already standing, shaking their heads over the parrot. " What do you make of that 1 " de manded the skipper, fiercely. . " Too much dry food, sir," said Sam, nfter due deliberation. "Too much what?" bellowed the skipper. "Too much dry food," repeated Sam, firmly. "A parrot, a. grey parrot, wants plenty 'jo'- sop. If - it don't get it, it .moults." "It's had 'too much cat,", said the Bkipper, fiercely, " and you know it, and overboard it goes." "I don't believe it was the cat," sir," interposed the other man ; "it's .too soft-'arted to do a thing like/that," . " You can shut your jaw," said the skipper, reddening. " Who asked you to come down here at all ?" " Nobody saw the cat do it," urged the mate. ' Tho skipper said nothing, but, stooping down, picked up a tailfeathor from the floor and laid it on tho table. He then went on deck,- followed by tho others, and began calling in seduc tive tones for tho cat. Ho reply forth coming from the sagacious aninial .which had gono into biding, ho turned to Sara and bade him call it. "No, sir, I won't 'ave no 'and in it,'' said the old man. " Putting aside mv liking for the animal, I'm not going to 'ave anything to do with the killing of a blnck oat." " Rubbish;' said the skipper. " Very good, sir," said Sam, slirug- ff'ng his Bhouldcrs, "you know best o' course,. You're eddicated and I'm not, : an' p'raps you can afford to make a laugh o' such things. I knew one man who killed a black cat an' ho went mad. There's something very pecoo- liar about that cat o' ours." "It knows more than we do," said one of tho crow slinking his head. "That time you — I mean we — ran the smack down, that cat was expect ing of it 'ours before. It was like a wild thing." ' v "Look at the weather we've 'nd, look at tho trip3 we'vo mads since. lie's been aboard," said the old man. " Tell mo it's chance if you like, but I Jciipw bbtteri" . . . X ' . -The skipper hesitated.-. ..He wasYa' superstitious man even fora:sailor,.ahd; his. weakness was so well known' that he hadbecome a synipatho.ticrecepta'olefqr every ghost story which, by ; reason of its crudenoss or laok of corroboration, hud been rejected by other- experts. He was a perfect reference - library' for otnens, - and . his interpretations ' of dreams had gained for him a wide spread reputation. "That's all nonsense," he . said, pausing uneasily ) "still, I only want to bo just. There's nothing vindictivo. about me, and I'll have hp hand' in it myself. Joe, just tie a lump - of coal to that cat and heave it overboard." ; " Not mo," said the cook, following Sam's lead and working up a shudder. ."Not for fifty pun , in gold. I don't want to be haunted." "The parrot's a little better now, sir," said one of. tho men, taking ad vantage of his'hesitation, " he's opened one oye." ' ; " Well, I only want to be just," re peated the skipper. " I won't'. do any-. thing in a hurry, but, mark my words, if the parrot dies' that cat goes over board." . - ' -. Contrary to expectations, the bird was still alive when London was reached, though the cook, who, ' from ; his connection with the - cabin had suddenly reached a position of -unusual importance, reported great , loss of, strength and irritability of temper. It was still alive, but failing fast, on tho day thoy were to put to. sua again, and the fo'c'sle, in preparation for the worst, stowed their pet away, .in tho paint locker and; discussed, the situa tion. . Their council was interrupted by the mysterious behaviour of the cook, who,, having gone out to lay in a. stock of bread, suddenly broke in upon them more in the manner of a member of a secret society than a humble but use ful unit of a ship's company. : " Where's the' cap'n?" he asked, in n- hoarse whisper, as he took a seat on the locker with the sack .of bread be tween his knees. . "In the cabin," said Sam, regard ing his antics with some ; disfavour. " What's wrong, cookie ?" ".What d'yer think -I've got -in here?' asked the cook, putting the bag. ; The obvious reply to. the question was, of course, bread, but as it was known that the cook had. departed specially to buy some, and that lie could hardly ask a question involving such a simplo answer, nobody ;gave it. ' " It oaine to mo; all on a sudden,!' said the. 'cook -'in a thrilling whisper. "I'd just; bought the bread and left tlio shop, when I seo a big black cat, the very imago of ours, sittiiig on a door stop. I just stooped down to stroke its 'ed, when it come to me." "Thev will sometimes."- said one of the seamen. " I don't mean that," said the cook, with the contempt of genius. "I mean the idea did. Ses I to myself, ' You might be old Satan's brother by the look of you; an' if tho cap'n wants to kill a cat let it b'o -you,'. I ses. And with that, before it could . say. Jack Robinson, I picked it up.by the scruff o' the neck and shoved it -in the bag." \ "What, all in along of our bread ?" said the previous intorrupter, in ,,a pained voice. " . "Some of yet are 'ard- ter please," said the cook, deeply offended. "Don't mind him, cook," ;'snid the admiring Sam. "You're a master piece,. that's what you are." ' ' ' "Of course, if any o'f! you've got a better plan — — " said the cook, gene rously. - '>: - V " Don't talk rnbbisb, cook," . said Sam ; "fetch the two oats -out and put 'em together." : "Don't mix 'om," said the cook, warningly ; " for you'll . never, .know which is which agin if you- do." ; He cautiously opened tlio top of the sack and produced his captive, .and Satan, having been relieved frond hi| prison,. tho two animals were carefully compared. ' "They're as like as two lumps- o' coal," said Sam, slowly. ' - "Lord, what a joke oh the old man. I must tell the mate o' this ; he'll enjoy il/" . .' "It'll bo all right if ; the .parrot don t die, said the dainty -pessimist, still harping on his pet "theme. " All that bread . spoilt . and' two cats' aboard." " Don't mind 'what . he sea," said Sam, "you'ro a briqk, that's what you are. .. I'll just makei a few lioles in iho lid' o' the boy's chest-, and pop old Satpn in. You don't mind," do you, Billy ?" . f " . Of .course he don't," said -the other men, indignantly. ; . , Matters being .thus agreeably ar ranged, Sam got a gimlet and prepared the chest for - tho reception of its tenant, who, convinced that lie was being put out of the way to make room for a rival, -made 'a frantio fight for freedom. " Now.-gofsomething 'eavy ivnd put oil the top' of it," said Sa'ni, having convinced himself that, the look was broken ; " and, Billy, put the noo cae in the paint-locker till we start ; -it's home-sick." The boy obeyed, arid , the under study was kept in durance .vile until they' wore off Limehouse, when he camo on deck and -nearly ended his career thorfe ond then by attempting | to jump over the bulwark into the next garden. For some time he paced | the deck in a perturbed fashion, and ; then, leaping on the stern, . mewed plaintively as his native city -re- . ceded farther and.' farther from his view. . ; "What's the matter with old Satan? "said the mate, who had been let into the secret, " He seems to have something on his mind." " IIo'll have something round his nock prosently," said tho skippor, grimly. The prophesy was fulfilled some three hours later whon he camo up on deck ruefully regarding tho remains of a bird whose vocabulary had once been the prido of- its nativo town. He threw is overboard without a word, : and then, seizing the innocent cat, who had followed him under tho impression that it was about to lunch, produced ' half a brick attached to a string, and tied it round his nock. Tho crew, who wore enjoying tho joko immensely, raised a howl of protest. > " The Skylark '11 never have another like it, sir," said Sam, solemnly. "That cat was tho luck of the ship.'1 ! I don't want, any of your old woman's yarns," said tlio skipper, bru tally. " If you want the cat go and fetch it." . ' He stepped aft as he spoke, and sent jtho gentle stranger' hurting through the air. There was'-'- a " plomp " as it roachcd the water, a bubble or two camo to the surface and all was ovor. " That's the last o' that," he said, turning away. :. The old man shook his- head. " You can't kill a black cat for nothing," said he, " mark my words,". TJie skipper, who- was in a temper at the timo, thought little of them, but they recurred to him vividly the next day. The wind 'had' freshened, during the night, and rain ' was failing heavily. On deck - the crew stood, about in oilskins, while below the boy, in his now capacity of gaoler, was ministering to the wants of an un grateful prisoner, .when the cook, hap pening to glance that way, was horri fied to see the animal emorgo from 'the fo'c'sle. It eluded easily the frantic clutch of the boy as lie sprang up the ladder after it, and walked leisurely along the deck in the direction of the cabin. Just as the crew had given it up for lost it encountered Sam, and tho next moment, despite its cries, was caught up and huddled away be- nonth his stiff clammy oilskins. At the noise the skipper, who was talking to the mate, turned as though-he had been shot, and gazed wildly round him. '. ' \- "Dick,'' said he, "can you hear a Cat?" v " Oat 1" said the mate, in accents of great astonishment. "I thought I heard it," said the puzzled skipper. " Fancy, sir," said Dick, firmly, as a mewing, appalling in its. wrath, came from beneath Sam's coat. -, "Did you hoar it, Sam?" called the skipper, as the old man was moving off. " Hoar what, sir?" inquired Sam, respectfully, without turning round. Nothing," said the skippor, collect ing himself. "Nothing. All right." Tlio old man, hurdly able to believo in his good fortune, mado his way for ward, and, seizing a favourable oppor tunity, handed his ungrateful burden back to tho boy. "Fancy you -Iieard a cat just now ?' inquired the mate, casually. " Well, between you an' me Dick,'' said the skippor, in a mysterious voice, " i did, and it wasn't fancy, neither. I -heard that cat as plain as it it was alive.'' . "Well, I've heard of such things," said the other, "but I don't believo 'oni'. What a lark if the old cat comes back climbing up over the side out of the sea to night, with the brick hanging round its neck." . The skipper stared at him for some .time without speaking. " If . that's iyoffr ' idea of aj lark," he said, at length, in- a voice wjiich betrayed traces of some emotion, "it ain't, mino." "Well, ifyouhear.it again," said the mate, cordially, "you might let- me know, I'm rather interested in such . things.'1 The skipper, hearing no more of it that day, tried hurd to persuade him self that lie was the victim of imagina tion, but in spite of this ho was pleased at night as ho stood at the, wheel to reflect on the sense and com panionship afforded by the look-out: in the bows. On his part the look-out was quite charmed with the unwonted affability of the skipper aB he yelled out to him two or three times on matters only faintly connected with the progress of the schooner. ; Tho night, which had been dirty,, cleared somewhat, and - the bright crescent of tho moon appeared above a heavy bank of cloudB as tho oat, which had, by dint of using its baok as a levor, at length got free from that cursed ohest, liokod its shapely limbs, and came up on deck, After its stifling prison the air was simply delicious. " Bob,'.', yelled the skipper, .sud denly. . . " Ay, ay, sir," said the look- out, in ' a startled 'voice, ' "Did you mew?" inquired the Srkippor. . - : "Did I toot, sir?'', cried the aston ished Bob; ' "Mew," said the skippor sharply, like a oat V , " No, sir," said the offended seaman! "Wliat 'ud I want to do that for ?" "I don't know what you want to for," said the skipper, looking round him' unoosily. " There's somo more rain coming, Bob." . "Av, ay, 6ir," said Bob.. "Lot o' ruin 'we've had this sum mer," said the skipper, in a medita tive bawl. "Ay, ay, sir," said Bob. "Sailing ship on tho port bow, sir." The conversation dropped; the skip per anxious to divert his thoughts, watching t-ue dark mass of sail as- it came plunging out of the darkness into the moonlight until it was abreast of his own craft. His eyes followed it. us it passed his quarters, co that ho saw not the stealthy approach of the oat which oame from behind the companion, -and sat Sowr. close by him." For over thirty hours tho animal had been subjected to the. grossest indignitios at- tho hands of evory J man on board the ship except' one. j That one was the skipper, and there is ' no doubt but that its subsequent behaviour was a direct recognition of that fact, It rose to its feet, and, crossing ovor to tho unconsoious skipper, rubbed his head affectionately and vigorously against his leg. From simple causes great events do spring. The skipper sprang four yards, and lot off a screech whioh was the sub ject of much comment on the barque which had just passed. When Bob, who came shuffling up at the doublo, reached him he was leaning against tho side, incapable of speech, and shaking all over. " Anything wrong, sir?" inquired the seaman, anxiously,, as ho ran to the wheel. Tho skipper pulled himself to gether a bit, and got closer . to his companion; " Believe me or not, Bob," fie said at length, in trembling Aooorifs, "just air yon please, but-ltho ghost - of that; " 'i oat— I mean 'tho ghost of that poor affectionate.-, animal which- .1- drowned, and which I wish I hadn't— r came and rubbed itself ud against niy leg."' " Which leg," inquirod- Bob, who wiis ever careful about details, " What the blazes, does it matter which leg ?'" : demanded the skippor, whose nerves woro in a' terrible state.. " Aii,: lookfLlook thoro 1" The seaman 'followed his out- strotehed fingor,' anD his heart failed Him as he saw , the .".ciitj-, with, its - back arched, gingeriy piblting its way along tlio side of the vessel; : -: u I can't see nothing,1?, k? sa"!» dog- gedly. " , " I don't, suppose- : you -can,- Bob,' said tho skipper-;. in a melancholy voice, us thu can vanished in the bows ; "it/ evidently; only meant for me to' see. What it- means I ; don't know. I'm .'going down .to .turn in. I ain't fit for duty.-; You don't mind being left ulone till the-'inqte. comes up, do, you?" ' ! ' ' " I ain't afraid,'';.said Bob. ' His superior ioflicer disappeared below, and, shaking ' the -sleepy mate; who- protested-;strongly - against the proceedings, - narrated in trembling tones his horrible 'experierices. " If , I were, yo"u — — " said the mate. ' : " Yes ?" said-the skippor, waiting a bit. Then. lie -shook " him -again, roughly. , . . . ". What were you going to say ?'! he inquired. ' ' v' " Say," said the :inate, nibbing his eyos. "Nothing." -. "About the cat?"- suggested the skipper. ' ; "Oat?" said the- mate, .nestling lov ingly down- in-.'the blankets again. " Wha' ca'— goo', ni'— — " Then the skipper drew. the -blankets from the mate's sleepy' dutches, and, rolling him bdokwards and forwards in the bunk, patiently.' exclaimed to him that he was very 'unwell, that he was going, to have, a'.idrop of whisky neat and turn in; andYcfia't'.ho, the mate, was, to take the watch; - 'From this moment the joke lost' most of its savour for th e mate. : - ;. "You can /have- a nip, too, Dick," said the skiper, proffering him the whisky, as-.-the-; other sullenly dressed himself. /" : - " It's all rot, ''.' said the , mate, toss irg the spirit down: his throat, " and it's no use. ! dither- j- ypu . can't run nwav from/a- ghost ; It's :j,ust as likely to-be in your- bed. as- -anywhere else. Good-night:"' . . _ ; . . . . He left tlie skipper pondering ovor his last words, and dubiously eyeing the piece of. furniture in question. Nor did ho retire until lie had -subjected it 'to an analysis of the most searching description, .'and then, leaving tho lamp burning, he sprang hastily in and forgot his troubles iii sloop. It was day when lie awpko and went on. deck, to find a heavy sea running, and just sufficient sail set .to keep the schooner's head- before- the. wind as she bobbed about on tho waters. An ex clamation from tho skipper, as n wave broke against tlie cide and flung a cloud of spray over him,' broug!it the mate's head round. 1 "Why, you ain't going to get up?" he said, in tones of insincere surprise. ' " Why not ?" inquirod the other, gruffly.' " You go and lay do'wn again," said the mate, ;." and have a cup, o' nice hot tea ah' some toast;" : "Clear, out," . said the -skipper, making a dash for the wheel, and reaching it as the' wet deck suddenly changed its angle. "I' know you didn't like boing Nvoke" up, Dick ; but I got the horrors. last nigh't. Go below and turn in." " Ail right," said . the mollified mate.: '' ' ' - "You didn't seo anything?" in quired the skipper, as he' took the wheel from him. : ''Nothing -at all," said the other, The skipper shook hls hoad . thought fully, then shook"! it -again Vigorously, as another sliower- bath put its head over tlio side and s'aluted him. '' I wish I , hadn't drowned that cat, Dick," he said. ' ..." - 'Vybu;;-wbn't',';--see':vib'.-.''iigain,'' sold Dick',, with the confi.denoo of a man -who had taken every possible precau tion to rendor the propheoy a safe one. : . Ho'went. below, leaving tho skipper at tho wheel idly watching the cook as he performed marvellous feats of jugglery, between the galley and the fo'c'sle, with -the men's breakfast. A . little while - later, leaving tho wheel to Sam, ho went below himself and had his own, talking freely, to the discomfort of the' conscience-stricken cook,', about -his . weird ..experiences of tho night before. - . " You won't see it no more, sir, I don't expect,'- .lie said,- faintly; "I b'leeve it come: and , rubbed itself up agin your leg'to-Bhow-it forgave you." " Well, I hope it knows it's under stood," said tlio other. " I don't want it to take any more trouble." He finished the breakfast in silence, and then went on deck again. It was j still blowing hard, and he wont over to | superintend the men who were at- 1 tempting to lash together some ! empties which- were rolling about in' all directions amidships. A' violent roll set- them free again, and at the same timo separated two chests in the fo'c'sle which wero standing one on top of tho other. This enubled Satan, who was crouching in the lower one, half crazed with terror, to come flying madly up on deck and givo his feel ings full vent, Three times in full view of the horrified skipper ho circled the deck at racing speed, and had just started on tho fourth when a heavy packing-case, which had been tem porarily set on end and abandoned by the men at his sudden appearance, fell over and caught him by the tail. Sam rushed to the roscue. " Stop," yelled the skipper. "Won't I put it up, sir?" inquired Sam. ".Do you seo what's beneath it?" - said the skipper, in a husky voice. ' " Beneath it, sir ?" said Sam, w h oso idoas were in a whirl. "The -cat; - can't you see the oat?" said the skipper, whose eyes; had been riveted oh the animul -since its first appearance on deck. Sam hesitated a moment and then shook his head. ' " Tho case has fallen on the cat,' said the skipper. " I can see it dis tinctly." He might have said heard it, too; for Satan was making frenzied appeqlB to his -sympathetic ' friends for assist ance. - . : - - ; "'Lot me put- the case back, sir," said.qne of the. men,!;" then' p'raps tlio Vvisipn.'ll'disappear.,". ; ! : "No, stop .where you a re," said; the skipper. " I can stand it better by daylight, " It's the most wonderful and extraordinary, thing I've, ever seen. Do you mean to say you can't see any-1 thing,- Sam ?" " I can sea a case, sir," said Sam, - speaking slowly and carefully, " with a. bit of rusty ircn band; sticking out from it;- That's what you're mistak ing for tho cat, p'raps, sir." ' Can't you see anything,, cook ?" demanded the skipper. " It may bo fancy,- sir," faltered the cook; lowering his oyes, " but it does seem to liio as tliough-I can see-a little misty sort o' thing there. Ah, now it's gone.1' "No, it ain't," said the skippor. " The ghost, of Satan's sitting there. Tlie caso seoms to havo fallen on its tail; - It appears to be howliiig some-' thing dreadful." ' ; - . The men made a deBperato effort to display the astonishmqiit suitable to such q' marvel; whilst Satan, who was trying all he'know to get his tail out, cursed fre.eiy. How long the supersti tious captain of the Skylark would have let him. remain there will never be known,- for just then the mate came' on deck and caught sight of it before he was quite aware of the part he was expeoted to play. " Why tho devil don't you lift the thing off the poor brute," he yelled, hurrying up.towards the case. ' " . " What, can yoit see it, Dick ?" said the skipper; impressively, laying his hand ,on his arm. ' ' " Sec it?" retorted the mate, " 'Dye think I'm blind. Listen, to the poor brute, I should— Oh 1" I-Ie became conscious of the concen trated- significant gaze; of the crew. Five pairs of eyes speaking as one, all saying "idiot" plainly, the boy's eyes conveying an expression too great to be translated. Turning, tho skipper saw tho bye-, play, and a light slowly dawned upon him. But lie wanted more, and ho wheeled suddenly to the cook for the required illumination. The, cook said it was a lark, Then he corrected himself, and said it wasn't a lark, thon lie corrected him self again and became incoherent. Meantime the skipper eyed him stonily, while the mate released the cat and good-naturedly helped to straighten itB tail. It took fully five minutes of unwil ling explanation before tlie skipper could grasp the situation. He did not appear . to fuirly understand it until he was-.sliown the chest with the ventilated lid ; then his countenanco cleared, and, taking the unhappy Billy by the collar, he called sternly for a piece of rope. By! this statesmanlike handling of the subject a question of much delicacy and difficulty was solved, discipline was . preserved, and a practical illustration .of the perils . of deceit, afforded to a youngster who was at an, age best suited .to receive such impressions. That he should exhaust tho resources of a youthful but powerful vooabulary upon the crew in - general, and Sam -in parti cular, .was only to .be ex pected. Thoy bore him no malice for it, bht . when he showed signs of, going beyond his yoars , held a hasty consultation, and then stopped -;hi3 mouth with sixpence-halfpenny and a broken jack-knife. - -The Idler. 