&n; Electrical Mas, A genius in Tonawanda, N.Y. constructed an electrical man. It is made of steel, and furnished with a storage battery capable of holding electricity enough to ran it twenty-four hours at a Of course, U isn't alive, and yet, for all ordinary purposes, it can fill the office of a man. In sotme respects it will be an improvement on the ordinary man. won't swear, steal, nor talk finance at the store -while one's wife does washing and kills potato bugs at home. In fact, it doesn't talk" at all. This quality would have made It an excellent presidential possibility in the earlier part of the season. The inventor of this modest and unassuming creature is a man of wealth, and will immediately engage in the manufacture of electrical men on a large le. We cannot have too many of them. In case of military conscription, a better substitute can hardly be conceived. Should we become embroiled in a war with any European monarchia! effeteness, it would only be necessary to send an- army of electrical men against them. Such troops woul£ need no overcoats; neither -would they be susceptible to' sunstroke. No matter what confronted them, -they -would trudge right ahead. The Six Hundred that undertook to drive Bussia out of the Crimea, and whose foolhardiness gave Tennyson such a nightmare óf metre and rhyme, wouldn't stand a ghost of a show in a race for fame along with a regiment of freshly-charged, steel-ribbed electrical men; Here is your ideal soldier. The electrical man. can be put to many practical uses, such as ploughing for the farmer and doing odd chores around the house. Several of the eastern cities have a surplus of women- They will be unable to find husbands without' going west. - Of course, no one will claim that as a husband an electrical man would be preferred to a man of flesh and tobacco. But when a woiąan finds herself slowly slipping down the decline of spinsterhood, she's not apt to be squeamish about her partner having such superfi cial accomplishments as a talent for. music, a flowing penmanship, or the ab ility to use.cuss words. Every family -will undoubtedly soon have an electrical man to take care of (he bees, arrange the line fence with the Bdjnining neighbor, and to be interview--' ed by book, agents. Dress one in petticoats. and a more desirable chaperon ćould hardly be imagined. Let ns a31 extend the band-of fellow- ship to -our iron brother.— "Life." 