-NEWSI ANDL L1OTES:: VICE-REGAL VISIT. TO. SuN BURY. .Last Tuesday afterinoon 'lihis Exellency. the Governor rode on hor"sebaclk fi'o, th city to Suinbur?r The same' day Lady Brasseytrived biy tsRe atiernooii train' from - Macedoi She was 'met at the traminby Miss Mary Clarke and driven to Ruperitswood, ,wlere. both wer. guestts-of S.ir William andk. Lady- Clarke :until W-diisdhy i?foriing.. Lord --and Lady Bra sss : itli. the- Riupertsw6 od. house party were present a the insl)ection of the Rh iertswood 'Batteiy of V.T1Ah i the drill-room oi Tuiesday evehing; and 'on Wednesday-the visitors cde on horse ;back to -the city. H ALEF-YEARLi I S?1ETI.ON GE' TIFi H. VI.,i?.The ihlf-vearly inisp ctin of the "ItRupertswooPt Btteery of : V.THA. to6 placte ;at..tlhe Drill-room, Rupeirts 'wood, last: 'Tuesdhy `evening. The in spection was held before Lieutenant Colonel Kelly, commanding officer F. and: H.A. Brigad'e, Major Ballinger, and Major Hughes, commanding officer V.H.A. An extra touch of interest was lent to the proceedings- owing. to the unexpected presence of his Excellency the Governor, Lady Brassey and a party from the House. Lord Brassey accompanied Colonel. Kelly in his in section of the kits; and both spoke very flatteringly of the way in which they were kept.. The inspection :of.the -man ce ?res of the men- duriig-' the evening =Vwas equallly id?fisfactfry, and: altogether the V.H. A. caL pride themselves thait it was: one of tli?:.most successful inspec 'tions that 'they have been suibject to. This..is- the :-fist- i~spectiih sinae Sen geant- ajor Adllcock',s: arrival, . aiid its Sesult must have been.a source of pleasure o Ph&iocHIAL; iEST?A.-L--aL ast Surnday the-- Annual: Prbchial Festival was cele ibrated in S,. Mary's- Clurch of Enngliid,? Sunbury. Thee services- partook pairtly of ithe old' charaeter of an orduizary _Parisi. Festival;. and partly of al Har.vest .Thanksgiving.. The Chuirch: was prettily and suitably decorated, withrlflowers and: foliage;. and a, ollectio n-0 of liharvet pro-i 'ducts, includin.g grass :.vegetabhles; and, fruit, which imparted: a; appropriate .significance to the occasion. The decora tions were carried' oit by. iady Olrlke and several ofliei: nielieh':off t1iA'RiFf" pertswuod fimily,. .'?ioei; 'tistic .cskill prdduced a ie?sift' wortlijy "o'?the occk 'sion. The iii~cmbent read .the trayers' and: Mr Russell Clarke read the lessons, while the popular and- eloquent Arch deacon Langley preached very interest-' :ing sermons- at the morrring and evening. services. At the morning service-ttlie subject was ?LCharity," and was taken from I. Cor. xiii 1. The text in the evening, was- taken from Heb, iv 9 and both the rev gentleman's, discourses were highly appreciated by the large congregations that attended. bth ser rices were semi-choral, and the choir richly deserved the praise bestowed on them for the excellent rendering of thlie two anthems, " Thi Earth is Full-of Thy Riches," and 'They that.'bowiin Tears." UM3rM]E OF IN?SIBITANTs.-TheRnuil ber of inhabitants of the fllowing.licens ing districts, as d'termined by. the Licensing Court in conformity -with the. Ac, is 'a folovs ,--Siinbnrtl?', 780; TTIE EFFECRPS' OF TlE HEA'ONu TUxS DAiY.-The atmosphere was' so close and sultry last Tuesday evening thatt during the half-yearly inspectionoo the V.H1.A. iat the dsiisroemn rgertswood,; Guiinner Wintei was quite. overeome and had to leave: the drill. 'Th.e :weather' oittside wlas cooler, and by being . removed there :he barely escaped a fainting. fit,. A' LA:RG-?E- OR DER -We. learn that ou'r popular toiwnsiman and proprietor of th&e; Commercial. Hotcel.. MrI . Eadie,, =intends- to entertaiin 100 of tihe citizens. of.- Richliion4d to' a dinner iifthe. Me chauics Hall on; the oecasiori of their visit with the monster picnic. of several thousand. children. early -nex .. month.. Mr and n'rs Eaidie are old Richmondites, ,aiving been. in:business there before they came to SUilbury,.and this, no'doubt, is the cause of their -objct .in ?wishing. to meet one- tiuae neighbours. and.old friends anld faces round the festive board,.. S M.A.t'R? s,: aunn icus o_'-Eialth o..-- "t. was ihtfended by 'the Rev ? Chiirles ,Ford :to. celebrate, a sspeci' evenuig sservice, inl tle. abovea church last edneds 'day 'night,. it being Ash 'Wednesday, The weather was, however, too wet and boisterous and the service did not take place.: A LOCAL PRIZE-TAKER FOR MODELL- ING.-At the meeting of the council of the Working Men's College last Mon- day evening, in connection with the Verdon prize, Mr P. Ball's award was confirmed, and the prize was adjudged to Miss H. Bowie, of Sunbury, in the modelling class. We are informed that Lady Clarke is taking an interest in this promising pupil and it is through her kindness that Miss Bowie is able to pursue her tuition so far. A VERY "GENEROUS GIFT.-:The RIomsey Exarniler states that "-Mr Walter Smith,' of the Riddell's Creek nurseries, with characteristic good-nature sent a largo: drapery case full of flowers \- ver to. Romsey on Saturday last, for decorating' St P-aul'Es Church- for ' the :annual harvest thaLksgi-ing services on Sunday. They were a beautiful, as Well 'an a'profue, colletl.ioi, anid M . S'iith's kindness was greatly appreciated." ,, T ThE AUSE OF THE Taominf.-Last STiesday evening persoins passing in the t vicinity of. ain :old. iinten?anted house al6igside the lRailway Hotel -in Evans Street werei sadlited' ýviti a ba&d; .odoir, Swhklih siuggested; to imaginative brains nmurder, robbery, and suchlilke darksomsn f eeds The 'stench lIeeame'e s: bad'that 1p tpope avoided that' side of the street in Stihat particular p.rt, anid on W idnedaiy e the neighbours informed the police.. We I cannot say whether a; cro.d accompanied i Constable M'Loughlin, oi hisoiquest for b he cause of the :trioublei and stood with 'sslitring' eyes anid'.open moinths- awiiting t.le': di?Lovery of: some .dr~idful dis Iclosuries that wofld l ae that te "peny f tee-ibles ''hide themselves for shame, but .r ive do know that a man was hired to re move and bury thlie earcase ofi'a dog, and \- sinde that took place people hi';e oechuied -the vicinity without expecting .at every Sniove thlie- appearance of an6 apparition in the shape of a. ghost,. r? CirRCK :0 .GULADiD" TWORKCL?G G GuI.:- The :isial weeklly meeting of e Ladies' Worl:ing: Guild was held on STuesday afternoon last at. Mrs ?I?Lade's, M acedon-street,. Sunbury.. Thlie next meeting will:be held at Mrs Tracey Richardson's, at 2.30 :p 'on. Tuesday nex "". Ssocial club'has been formed at the Sun r Lunatic Asylum amongst the atteiidaats A inmnthly fee of?ofe shillifig'is required from: each. menmberiwhioh entitles an in 'vit~ e for afriend. The meetings are to .be held monthly and the. initiatory gatherihg 'tool-- place lis'st' Thursday Sevening under favourable auspices; The weat?her wis. perfect and? the 'afteidance' igood" .Tlie proceedcings·wertrhtther dull ut the commencenient, hu1t1 when a fair start was made the evening'~s diversion left nothing to be desired.,j Singing; dancing, riicitations;,readingu, etc., made Srup' the enticing progralmue, andd the staff can: feel proud of. their fiist'gathering.' Closing of the Bolinda Creamery An evidence of the results of the recent severe drought has been experienced by Mr Meenan, manager of the Sunbury Creamery. It will be remembered that about the commencement of October last year a creamery was built for Mr Meenan at Bolinda. The establishment prospered well for some time as it was situated in the centre of a good pastoral district, but the recent drought told very much on the returns, which have fallen so low of late that it has been found necessary to close the concern. Mr H.Whelan, who was in charge, has returned to the Creamery at Sunbury. IDiaeiRs r' ~STIN P Paos5tonrUs FOR PosoN.-The nunmerous and increasing accid'entS inl ,th& ay of fi'Es resulting S'fro the' us or fph's~illioiis'in rabbit \- poisoning, should receive afention,; arid, .n the opinon of those ?vhohave had ex tensive experience in' its use, they are caus'ed by tIhe- chemical being imuproperly. Sdissolved, some using not wvater lor tle pii.rpose instead carbon bi- sulphide. MNany of landowners, without te;~inical k Knowl'edge,. aic daily using phosphorus' Sdisolving it in the last-mentioned. way; and exposed, to. severe- tests as.to .in -,flaminability,. withottt,._.sai·.a asingle. 7 fire occurrinag.. How 'TO FrTI, TnRUE SIn4D.-Tr4r H. O.. Russell,. Government .Atronomner of New South Wales. gives tle following direetions how to, flid' true slhade by the thermometer :-"'Attach to your ther mobmeter a very strong 'erd, -so -that when' you beltl the thermometer by the cord the bulb will be downwards; men sure friom its bulb when thus hanging .down 2o: 3in-(about).; patt a knot in the strirg. at this point ; put "the string aibove the knot ronad, your Engers so that it cannot slip, and so that you can hold' the knot between finger and thumb conveniently ; now .swing the th!ermome :ter round and round as if it were asling fbr one minute at the rate-of about once round per second,;: check speed and'oatfch the instrument with your left hand, and read as quickly as- possible. Repeat this swing and reading three or four tittes, and if you get the same temperature each time you. 'uay . be sare. you are getting:a correct reading.. It is,best to Ihave an ordinary mercurin? thermometer;. a combdined maximum and -minimuntis nrot suitable,; and nay easily be spoilt by swinging it. . Having got the temnpera tire bj the`' swing' thermonietci, and it must be remembered that it makes no difierence whether you swing it in the 'sun or in- the shade, select some place about the-house on which tile sunn never shines, and' which gives you the same ,temperature as your swing tIhernmometer '.That is a true shade. This- swing ther mometer is accepted by all anthorities asp :a satisfactory check on the.shade. There is, of course,. some risk -of breaking the thermometer,.. and it is a. good plan to practise swinging and catching a piece of wood about the same size as a ther mometer. You can readily check the round and round motion into one like a pendulum- viz., from side to side-andt in that state it is easy to catch it. AccIDExT.-Last Monday one of In spector Rose's gang of men engaged in. relaying the railway line between Sun bury and Digger's Rest, named Nolan, met with a painful accident, altlough no serious results are likely- to- acorue from it. It appears hlie- was digging a hole with a " beater," when the point struck a stone in-' the hole and glanced off, ,penetrating the - boot of the right foot, ,and inflicting a' painful .cut.. _Ie pro ceeded to Melbourne' the'same day,.. and lias not resumed work yet. IHe has been engaged" en the railways for nmany years, 'and his comrades do .not rcmember ceer having met such an unlucky' person, lie leaving been the victini of various other a cidents-on different occasions:. On the same day another of the -gng was taken ill, 'and was so bad'tha he e had to pro ceed iat once to Melbourne. It is sup posed that his attack was caused by eating more tomatoes than were-good for him.. -He has;-not resunied' duty'yet,' but' it is expected both men will be. at their 'posts next Monday.. Su?,a?ssING. AnT- LrTioNs.-In the Legslative Assembly.on Wednesday Mr Gray asked the Chief Secretary (for Mr T. Sniith) whefther tie police had been iistructed -not to tlake- proceedings against certain societies for violating the law in respect to art unions. MIr Pea cock replied that the police had'been directed not to take out summonses 'ut present against agents for selling ticket3 for are unions, as; the arrangements to hold themn had already - been nmade by certain friendly societies, which had in curred considerable expense in connection with them; It was liowever, proposed in future to take proceedings against agents for selling tickets, as. it: was thought this course would be moi effectual than proceeding. against -the officers of the societies, but the Govein ment, he- added,. considered it would be unfair to issue sunm:manonses . without first warning the societies to, vary the practice that has prevailed hitherto. - As soon as the present art unions have been held tagfents selling tickets will be-prosecuted uniless the Legislature in the meautime alters the law, "We will amend the law before then," interjected Mr I1auicock, Wiith an air- of conafidinee in his pre diction. KICKiED B A TRbnSE.---1ast 'i Monday while.attempting to shoe a young horse, :Mr James M:'Keon. received a nasty. kick in the abdomen from the animal. Fobrtmaitely- he was too close to its heels for it-to do much'damage; and besides ", winding" him for a short time he was no worse- for his experience. Thie ani mal was a very unruly one, and it threw itself on the ground rather- than bel shod. . . RIDDELL' CIriEs WATERWOnKS Tausr.-M essrs P. T. Murphy and Thomas Smithli, of Riddull's CA'eek, have been appointed- nienlbers of the locali \- Waterworks Trust. M&SL; SERVICjE.---Tho- tendir- of J. Twomey has: been accepted by the Postal d.epartmeint for the conveyance- or mails between IBroadmeodows and Bulla, via Tu!lamariao and Oaklands .Junction. It will be remembeed that the Bulla S;hire Ouucil requested the - department t: have'the service transferred to. via Subnury but the Government eyident4y :idd not recognise the advantages of the application. TIMPoUNDED.-Thle following Stock has been imtpounded ýt Gisborne :-By Mr Johil~''Lean, : bay hare; sho?i tail, off hind -eg'white, branded like AT 2" near neck ; by Mr F. Huglhes, red ahd 'i e spotted butl-cal;_no visible -brand'. If willhe soldt: - - : 