MR.TKOMiS BE NTT. Mr.: Tliiis^ iBent,'one of the candi dates, f-irtho represc-ntation of. Mel-/ bounie; Soitth v in: .the Legislative Assembly, addressed a meeting of electors at the Town-hall on Wednes day evening, A great dual of opposition was shown to the candidate, who was some time before he could obtain anything like a hearing. When something like order was oh-ain''d, Mr. Bent seated all he askfd fqr was fair play and he did not intend tn keep them long. He was surprised that his Australian friends would not t;ive hiui a fair hearing, especially after what lie had done for South Melbourne. (A voice: " What have you done?" He bad helped to get the people the hall they were then assembled in for one thing. Another was that wh^n he was Commissioner of Railways he had obtain id an'extra sixpence a day for the men working on the railways when r^nt was high. He had ssaisted to get the Middle Park .Railway Station, and had had the railway to South Melbourne raised so that there would be no dauger from flcod waters. He had also been connected with Jones and Way good ior eight years. There was no sweating in that place. The firm stood high in the esteem of the com munity. It had been the plan of the whole of his life to give a man a fair field, and that was all he,asked for. He did not wish to address them if they did not want to hear him. But he could tell t&em; that he was gjing to the poll, and the disturbance they were making would be the best speech he could make to them.- (A voice, Yon can't get in.) He was going back to Parliament, and they could take his nordfor ir, nothing would keep him out. If they would not let him speak be would answer any question they liked t,o put to him. Questins were then handed up by the dozsn. and some of them were: - Is is true that you were brought out by Mr. J. S. White to strengthen Dr. Owen's chaucr-a ? No, it is not. Does the candidate think he has the ghost of a show? Two more meet ings of this kind would put any man in. Was he in favor of members of Parliament being directors of building srcieticd or financial institution ? Yes, if they were elected. Will the candidate, if elected, do bis best to discover where the mace went?-The mace was not taken dur ing his terra of office. WaB the candidate in favour of one man one vote? No, he was not". There had never been any leewlation introduced to Parliament in that direction. He would allow one vo"o for residence and one for tbiift. The system obtained that one man could be on the roll for twenty constituen cies, but he did not believe in that. Every young man should have a vote for manhood and one for thrift. Ho would give all men who engaged in J seafaring occupations a voto, and have their names registered, so that if they were absent for a short time, aav on ;i trip to Sydney or Adelaide, "i£r an election was taking place, tlie'y should not bo disfranchised. He would only allow women to vote who wern on the Municipal-roll. Tlio woman was the ministerial officer of the house, and the family looked to her for directions ; man being the bread winner. He was not in favour of the Com panies1 Bill as proposed by (ho Turner Government. He had lo3t his money like a man and he defied any one to say he had defrauded any one. ? What about McMnhon?-As he I had been challenged about McMnhon he would say that what McMalion had' cnid w«s not true. McMah.m was pre paid .to go on the platform and' utafce that, what had been said wqb false. He would stake £50 if it could he. proved that it was otherwise. McMalion w-ig I c-tili in \he house, and had never left' | it and the whole thing had been nettled | for £5. He never gave -McMalion 3.». 6d. a day. He had paid him 7S. a day. He >v-s always in.favour of good I wages and no man tad done more for the working man than he had. He was in favour of a Government Labor Burem, and detested the work of labor offices. He would form local labor offices, so that' men could fiod out where work could be obtained. ire was in favor of limited Sunday trading. He did not see why a man should bo debarred from obtaining u glnss of good beer on Sunday for bis dinner if he wan,ted it. He wan in favor of opening the Public Libraries and Museum on Sun days. He was io favor of an improved land values tax, and had statistics to prove that there were some large rotates which measured forty, miles through which paid sca;c-ly any tax, und had good roads made right ihrou"h them, and they had derived more from the Local Government Act as subsidy than they had paid ui land, a'i some of. the smaller houses in the place paid more taxation thin a largo area iu the couutt y. . ' ;; If t-Hcted he.woul.-; sit in opposition to the 1'urner Qoverutnunt He was not in favor of tho Frfctories Bill ^introduced to the Upper Hou«e. 1 lie Legislative Council appointed a Commit;ejofongu|rr;>n'dafter ' takum evidence, mace seveiai amendments which Government aimitted were of a beneficial character, and after repealed passing from House to House was brimght to a very narrow point In bis opinion it would have been better to. have plac-d the .Bill on the Statute Book", and after experience of its work ing. could Ihiv.b boei) amended so as to mee« the circnin.stanm.-s of the case. He would favor a Slate Bank; and any form of legislation that would euable the young men of the country to get on the land. He was in favor if piymeot.of members, ns it enabled good men to attend to Parliamentary duties. He was not in favor of Local Option without compensation, or relioious instruction being given in State Schools. He wis in favor of a reform of the TJpper House so far. that ho. would re duce the candidate's qualification from £100 to £50, and would reduce the' size of^ the electorates. For'inst.inoe, what interest in. common had thev with St. Kilda and Toorak with either this constituency or Port Mel bourne ? He would, if returned, see that the men who gave evidence before the Sangster B;ard did not suffer f..r the action taken by them in that matter. The men phould be protected even if tbey msde a niist.ikp. He wns in favor of legislation being provided, that if a child whose parents eouid not pay University fees and who haa displayed talent in th& primary schools, he or she «hould be allowed instruction at the University. He was in favor of paying members by the number of sittings. He was iu favor of retaining an Agent-General in "England, and w mid like to see that gentleman t jlce a fame position at Home as the Governor did in this colniy. The Government should assist the Mildura settlers. He and David Gaunson fought a whole night to stop the Mildurn Settlement Bill, but now that, the Governuieut had got ihe settlors tin it was their duty to provide for them. He was in favor of legalising Friendly Societies' art.union's, and of an Eight Hours Day, aud would have election day proclaimed a holiday. He would if possible prevent Apia tics from entering the colony. The stench from their houses in Kilzroy was so thick that it could almost be cut with a knife. All the questions having been ex hausted, Mr. Bent -' thnnked the .audience for the, attention given him and asked for a" vote of thanks for th« chairman which was given. . 