TFho,llko's sjcrot.r (EB BERTHA M. OLAY.) OHAPTER XXXVIL.-(Continued.L) Miss Glynton smiled as she an swered: 'I was nearly twenty years old be fore I had a voice, and theni'. found it out quite by acdident:I have trea sured it ever since.:: 'II shoiuld hope so' replied her grace. "I have heard few on the stage-and none off it-that equals yours. They drow round her-the spell of mieusic dying away-with -flattering words anud graceful compliments; they oaid. among themselves how royally generous -nature" had been to one fair, queenly woman, how she had lavished on her gifts of body and mind- beauty. .without parallel and the: voice of A,7ightingale. Society and the gay world had not for ;many y kpown such a queen. , nesung once more to please the duohbeas--a sweet, simple ballad that carried the hearts of her listeners,' * 'I am confirmed in my ideas,' said Lady COharteris'; 'I haive always be lieved that a grand voice miust live in a grand body. I cannot imagine a su porb contralto like that coming from a thin, frail, or fragile woman a superb voice requires a grand physsquo. To my mind Madame 8-- is the finest singer of these days, and she has the finest frame.' 'There is some truth in it,' said the ducheses. ' Grise was a magnificent woman; I do not remember to-have soen auch neck and arms. She was statuacque-magnificent !' ' I think,' said Lady Oharteris, calmly, ' that Miss Glynton is just now tho moslt beautiful woman in EEg land.' It was a moment of unutterable triumph for the queenly heiress of Hardrcass Glynton. On every face ddmiration of her, and tears of emo tion exciteid by her singing, were seen; oho was the centre of all observation and attention. As . the 'Ducohess of Oanastlemayno looked at her, she said to heraolf : '"If I could but see such'a woman as that my seu's wife, no matter what her nationality might'be, I should die happy.' ' . Her heart was full of longing. 'Why could not Bortrand do as other men did? In this room .how many men would have given anything they had for the privilego of being able to woo her ? There was something peouliar, the duocheas felt, in the manner of the beautiful American, both to .herself and the duke, a vague intangible somothinug she could not, even to her own thoughts, define.o, ' ' 'In the mnaintim6 tho drikoe hiad l dt lMiass Glynton back to tho comfortable chair she had occupied. ' ; 'Do you know/any of those Sootch balladse ?' -he asked himi'''the old border ballads, I mean, so full of gay and martial music. I prefer them to \- anything else.' 'Yes,r I know somine .of them; my mother likes that kind of, musio, so .does Lady Valentine-strangothat you should have the same taste. There is nothing that Lady Valentine enjoysso much as eitting' singing all these grand old ballads-she never tires, ahd we never tire.' . 'I do not see,' said Miss Glynton, suddenly, 'why all the best songs should be about love; war and glory \--ay,and doiieth-have as much cam to music as love' 'Do you think so ?' he asked. ' Itf soems a'to me that love and musio are . The dark blue eyes looked, pioudly with clear direct gano into his. ' You upeak with dooision,' she said, leughingly. Perhaps you believe in, Mrs. Barrett .Browning's . beautiful Sdefinition of the word " loving ?"' ; 'I do not -remember it,' he re plied. ' Thean I will refresh your. memory, for I ;know every word,' and then ashe rooited tlhe beautiful words in a voice ho nover forgot: : \- Unleas yo cran nmuse ii na drowd all day Ou the iabont fuci that-flicd-yon; inles en you nn love nathe auigols nlay, With tlie breaonth of heavon beotwixt you ; Unlsas you can dreoamthethis faith fis fuast, Throuyh behoovinga-nd vebiholiung; . Unlaos you. inn die wheon.the dream is pait, Oh, nover ocll It loaving." ' : Thoro ian no falteor in thi olear voice, -no :hadow ii' the dark blue e oyes that niot hisa own,"no :embarrase memut on the beautiful face; yet the ' Dukile of Castleinayne had an unoom· o'frtable sonatiouthat she kuow more .about him -anA'his hiitory than any strainger could know. EHq had not .died when his dream t was pant; 5on:the contrary, he had : lidid ad' onjoyad himself very much ; :-wans.thero a shadow of ropioooh iii her ' fdo that he had done so ? ,\ CHAPTER XXXVIII. '. .lAY VALENTINIE'S JEALOUSY. , T::.' . he IDuke of Oastlomayne retired to r t that evening with his mind and "hoit full of the beautiful American ; for the time being the tragedy that lay ~twoon hinmoif and Lady Valen tinoe was ulmoat forgotten, Ho had no thought for her groat affection, her impleo, ohild-liho love for him., The boeautiful Amorican eeemod to have tnkon possession of him. ]Ho was astonishod to 'l1tit what a wonderful msnao of familiarity ho hnd near her as tholnugh he had known her before, and every sound of her voio was to him like a Hong hnown by heart, the play of her magniflooient foatures, the oloar, direct, game of her i: bhluo eyes, the graceful aurl of her lips; even the white gemmed hands Sctseemed likeo familiar dream to him. '* I shall begin to think that I have .booon to Amrerion in my aloep, and havo o~n ' its fairost repronontativo -without mn{?Balcing,' iehonaid to hirnne)f. in ^ It way his custom to go to her ent ' . . grace's boudoir to wish her good night-there was no son in England so attenitive to his mother as the Duke of Castlemayne. Lady Valentine usually sat with her grace for a few minutes to discuss whatever had been the evening's entertainment, but on this evening she was not present. The duchess said she had gone to rest With a headache-if her grace had said heart-ache it would have been nearer the truth. The duke threw himself back in the easy chair with a heavy sigh, and:his mother lookedanxiously at him. ' Youare tired, Bortrand,',shl said, gently, with that air of solicitude no face save a mother's ever wears. , ' Not only tired,' he replied, , but I am perplexed. Miss Glynton haunts me like a German ghost, mother.' 'Miss Glynton !-a German ghlost! -my dear boy, what do you fiean ?' ' All my life I have laughed at what people call occult influences,' he said. ' I have never believed in niny nonsense about magnetism or the electric iniluecee of one person over another. I have believed such things the result of morbid imagination; but I am beginning to believe in them after all.' ' For what reasoni ?' she asked. ' 'You will laugh at me, I know; in fact, to tell you the truth, I laugh at myself. Still it is quite true that Miss Glynton produces a most peculiar eflect upon me. When I am with her I have a vague, foolish, nervous sen sation that I have knowni her in some other life; I know you will think me foolish, but it bewilders me. She is almost a stranger to me, yet there are times when the sound of her voice and the play of her features are familiarito me-indeed, so familiar as to give me a curious, uncanny feeling about her. I cannot forget her. She haunts me. What do you think of her yourself !, The duchess looked thoughtful. If her son could not fall in love with Lady Valentine, certainly the next best thing would be for him to marry this millionaire's heiress. She said to herself that she mUst answer that question very carefully. 'I think: her certainly the most beautiful and graceful-I may say the most elegant and accomiplished woman I have ever met; but like yourself, I find something strange about her, represeed power or passion of some kind; like you, too, I have a certain sense of familiarity with her voice and features, although I know it is impos sible that we may haves ever seen her until this season. She has not been in England until now.' ' It must be a fancy,' said the duke; ' there cannot be zany foundation for it, yet we are neither of us fanoiful.' ''Perhiaps you'adinire her very much, Bertrand, and that is why she haunts you,' said the duchess. She certainly stands quite alone in the world of women for me,' said the duke. 'No woman living has ever given me such curious fancies and ideas as she has; all the time I am 'talking to her my mind is filled with the strangest notions. What a clear, direct glance she has, and it never falters. She must have a clear, honest soul; but she certainly per plexes me.' *The duchess sighed even more deeply. It would be so hopeless to say more to her son-to tell himi that if he would woo he might pyobably win this great heiress, She had learned at last that it was useless talking on such matters to him. But that sigh struck her son's heart ; he knew quite well what it meant. Perhaps few mne in London felt more unhappy than the Duke of Oastlemayne that night. Look where 'he wouald there was no gleam of light or hope for him, Where was his lost wife-fair, sweet Naomi ? His beau. tiful young kinswoman had given him the whole love of her life,' simply as a child gives away a kiss or. a flower ? He remembered how the sweet, young face and wistful eyes had followed him that night, What of this beautiful woman whose fair presence haunted him as the presence~ofno other woman. had:done? . He was powerless to help himself?; he was chained with those fetters no human power can break; he was a man who had, perhaps, the need of a wife to share with him his honours and ?Oe?onsibilities; his mbiher's earnest wiah infliuenced him too. As he stood alone in his room he said 'to hiniself that; he would give, half of bis fortune if he couldK see his way'out.of hie difficultyv--if he .could hear some thing of Raord and lier son. Thent again he hesitated; true, Lady Valen tine loved' him, and he inadvertently let her lavish the whole love of her heart on . him; then, again, thore was this beautiful Amerioan, who had so strange an influence over him. ' There must have been nomoa strange planote in conjunction when5 I was born,' thought the duke. "I seem to be most unfortunate; all the things I undertahe go wrong.' And oven when saying it he admitted that the wrong was occasioned 'by his own fault. ' What could money 'do after all' It could not iurchase freedom for him; it could not bring any intelligence of his lost wife; it could not solve his doubts and fears about Lady Valen tine; it could not solve the mystery of this fair, queenly woman whose calm, clear eyes scemntd to road his very soul, Money-why it seemed woree than ueol?Hs in the presence of sueh diffliculties as these. Mar into the night ho sat, thinking of the light that shone in her eyoe when she uttered these words; ' Unloan you can die when the dream Is pst, Oe, never call it loving,' What had that look in her eyes 'meant ? Did sho think he had never loved a?lyozio at all, or having loved, that his love had been weak ?:. She had meant something, such an expres I Sion had 'not come into. her eyes for iothing. He dreamed of her all night, and rose untested and unre _freshed. Lady Valentine was in thie break fast room when he went down, and hisheart smote him when he saw her sweet pale face. He remembered how she had sprung to meet him with bright eyes and fairest blushes, how she had greeted him with loving simple words. Ah, the woman's soul -all pain and suffering-had come to her; she was Undine awakened from her long sleep to a life that is all sorrow. She loved him, and she was un happy; if she had never learned to love him she wouldnever have been un happy. He did not understand him self, he did not know his own heart or mind, but his heart smote him when he saw how pale and sad that fair young face was. There was unusual tenderness in his manner when he bade her good.morning; the girl looked up at him with shadowed eyes. ' You have lost your roses this morn ing, .Yalontine,' he said; 'we had better go in. search of some, late hours and warm rooms are bad for you.' .' The hours were late, but the rooms were not too warm,' she said. Ho touched the pale face caress ingly with his hand, but she drew back from him with a gesture of ]pride. ' Do not be kind to me,' San Sobas tian,' she said; 'I do not deserve ' Why, what does this humility mean, Valentine ? "Why do you uot deserve kindness ?' She shook her head after a charm ing fashion. 'I may just .as well tell you,' she said. 'I was wicked last night ; not naughty, but wicked.' '' He looked much amused at the idea of wickedness in one so young and fair. . I don't think you know what the word wicked means, Valentine,' he said, gently. .He could not resist the temptation of drawing; thatifsir head nearer to him, but sh. looked up again. 'Do not be kind to me, San Sobas tian; you will not be angry with me when I tell you. I must tell you, for you would be quite sure to find it out.' ' Then tell me,' he said, laughingly, what made you wicked last night, VA1nn~t'ne ?' ' Mise Glynton,' she answered quickly, 'I was quite jealous of hor I could not help it. You must be angry if you will. I was jealous. You do know how different you are with her; you look as though shehad magnetised you-and-I heard what peop'lo said.' ' What did they say, Valentine?' 'Many things that angered me they said you were a handsome couple.' , * That was not my fauilt, Valentine. I did not say so.' ' Lady Oharteris said she would. make the most splendid duchoess in England,; and some one else-I forgot who it was-that her Grace of Oasdtle mayne would be thankful even for an American daughter-in- law.' ' That would have been a terrible blow to my mother had she heard it,'. he said,-laughingly. ' Heating all those things,' con tinued Lady Valentine, 'I looked at1 you, and do you know, San Sebastian,; Iwas just.a little startled.' * At what?' he naked, briefly.. * Something in your manner to her 'quite different to anyone olse, and then -I was jealous. Ah, my dear,' she continued, with earnest pathos, 'I can; give you up for a real ohoics, but not for a fancy. I can love you and help' you as long as I live, but I can not stand by and see you make love totp others.' 'Idid not,' said.the duka. 'It looked very much like it,' said Lady Valentine. 'Then appearances were against. me,' he said.. * I had-ah, Valentine, you know it. I had not thought of 'making love. You have no need to be jealous.' Ho took the little white hand she held out to him and prdasseod it. Ah, why could he not clasp the girlish form in his arms, and kiss the roses back into the pale, sweet face.' ' You need never be jealous, Valen tine.' She looked at him with sweet, shy affootion. ' You know my soecret, San Sebas, tiani,' ahe said, 'But you must not torture mo.' And there was no time to say more for the duchaess entered the room. f'b he oo»tinuedt.) 