PRO MI SO U0US PICKINGS (By Yerrigay.) — +. — . — There is. a lvell-known firm of publishers that has been behaving in a rather curious manner with regard to copyright and common courtesy. They have been making a neat little nest-egg by causing a lot of matter irom tiie pen oi juoius jjecxe lo appear in the Sketch and other important publications; matter that had already appeared in the Bulletin and was the property of that paper, since all its con tents are covered by copyright. The editors who accepted secondhand matter are naturally indignant at having been "had," for they pride themselves on tlio originality of their articles. Australians will be glad to know that the clever young author is in no way to blame, but the ease looks very bad for the publishing firm that has been guilty of this double-dealing. If this house perseveres with its intention to republish a collection of Mr. Becke's short tales, without acknowledging its in debtedness to the paper in which they originally appeared, it is more than likely that the Bulletin will want to know why. # # The dead can tell no tales, but if they can listen to what is going on they must occasionally hear tilings that are surpris ingly unpleasant. I saw an advertisement in a newspaper a day or two back, in which a certain person is requested to call at the National Bank, to hear something greatly to his advantage. The advertiser then gives a clue to the good tidings by adding, " Your wife is ill !" News of this kind might, of course, bo pleasant hearing for some fellows, but it seems hardly civil to publish it where he who runs may read. If the woman dies, well, as 1 said before, it may prove mighty unpleasant for her ; and if she lives it is absolutely sure to bo more than unpleasant for him. If she lives, see that paper. # # " When a man's down, give him a thrust, Trample the beggar into the dust," is not exactly my maxim, but just now, although everybody is attacking tlio post- office and its officials, I must join in with the throng and lift up my voice in proles! against a little idiosyncrasy on the part; ot some of those who have the honour of re ceiving more kicks than ha'pence. Bo if known I am not a stamp crank ; my worst enemy could not accuse me of placing any value on a stamp after it has been defaced, but the mania is very strong here in Perth amongst otherwise sane and right-thinking men and women. These complain bitterly that as sure as a packet arrives from dis tant lands bearing curious or uncommon stamps, some light-fingered philatelist in the post office strips the wrapper of its valuable little bit of coloured paper and makes believe that they have been knocked off in transmission. The excuse is very transparent, and does not take any one in, but the almost frantic owner — when he is a collector — has no re dress. It would not be easy to prove that the theft takes place in Perth, but there's such a thing as moral certainty, and you can bet your last dollar that nine times out of ten it happens here. Philapholiia (it is the age of new words) is a rapidly growing evil. Tlio people subject to it have the cunning of madness — they keep it dark, many of them, with the cutenoss of cocaine or opium drinkers, and if the craze is not checked what is to prevent every variety of collection being made by post-oflice people. Some might take a fancy to signatures, others to headings of letters, others may have a weakness for postscripts or envelopes — and it is against the possibility of this that I protest. "Where do I come in," and such as I, who have no hankering after useless lumber, and who can take not the ghost of pleasure in perusing other people's letters ? The joys of a collector must always be a sevonth sense, for which there is no room in my anatomy — and I strongly object to other people indulging ill fcJlig YPi'y unnpgosfsixvy 'nobby at my expense. 