? There are a great many Jewesses who are the wives of officers in the Army. The betrothal of Jewesses was formerly a separate ceremony from that of marriage, though it bound the contracting parlies with equal stringency. It had to be performed in the presence of the parties, who were to be willing agents at years of discretion, which were reckoned at thirteen for a boy and twelve for a girl, and in the presence of ten persons, two of whom acted as witnesses. The operative clause consisted of a gift by the bridegroom to the bride, generally taking the form of a ring, and the formula' ran: " Behold, thou art sanctified to be by this gift!" It was usual to allow t.velve months to elapse between betrothal and marriage. Nowadays, however, the two ceremonies are combined, only separated by the reading of the Kethuba, or marriage contract. It is still customary for an announcement of an engagement to form a subject of a family feast when fhe young couple "sit for joy," and receive the congratulations of the family friends. But this has no validity according to Jewish law, and does not bind the parties as in the earlier form of betrothal, which was practically the same as marriage,—at least that is how my informant puts it. The first woman who has been made a member of a police force lives in St. Paul, Minn. Her name is Mrs. Edwin T. Boot, and she has just been created a full-fledged officer of the law by the Mayor of St. Paul. The cause of Mrs. Boot's ambition is not a desire for notoriety, but to enable her to better aid young girls who have fallen into evil ways. She has long been engaged in this work, but found herself seriously handicapped by lack of authority to investigate.. So she applied to the Mayor for the appointment she has received. She is a slight, delicate-looking woman, of medium height . and graceful demeanour. Bark brown eyes look out from beneath delicately pencilled eyebrows. Jierhair is a golden brown, and her . age is forty-six. From my experience ; of Elizabeth-street and' Hope-street : alone I should anticipate a large increase in petty crime immediately on ^iitie,epfcabliBhment of policewomen in a Quefetisiaiid. Fancy getting "run in" ^^by'^t^^Bt; little dimpled lavender- 3^o6miS8, with an eighteendear little retrousse le such an one, attired tunic and Parisian helmets, truncheon ia M?Vwbve bni'' Oh, pardon, " .iiia - ~ " ag^lea, came 1 ij&tfi; iiiBteadof Pewt, asked if he might call. I took him to the station. He repeatedly declared I was a Lulu, and asked for a kiss; not contented with "which he repeatedly assaulted me by tickling me. From inquiries, however, I find, your worship, that he is a perfect gentleman, and (blushing) he has honourably proposed this morning and I have accepted him." Fined a weddingcake and costs. And fancy Mr. Pinnock or Mr. Murray, or Mr. Yaldwyn in face of all this! I can only blink. The Women's 'Polyglot Petition" for increased protection against the evils of the liquor and opium trades, which the Queen has signified her willingness to receive, has been on view in London. It is a tremendous piece of advertisement, in forty-four languages, of over seven millions of feminine autographs, whose writers were tempted by the prospect of having their handwriting inspected by Her Majesty. Whether it wi 1 serve any more serious purpose than that is open to doubt. The Queen is too well interest 3 in the welfare of her subjects not to have given the objects dear to the temperance reformers due consideration already, and this gorgeous petition for her interference in the matter is hardly likely to do as much for the cause as one coffee palace—started with the money which must have been spent on this undertaking—would effect in a drinking neighbourhood. However, it will doubtless beguile some damp autumnal afternoon at Balmo al to look it over and admire the tasty way it has been got up. The two volumes ate "handsomely bound in blue morocco with an inlaid strip of white ribbon across the face, emblematic of the " White Ribbon Movement." A motto is worked in gold on the white, " For God and Home and Every Land;" and the title pages are so prettily illuminated that if Prince Edward of York sees it he will be cheated into the belief that it is a fine new scrapbook which the seven million ladies have prepared for his express edification. As for the contents, they certainly are an interesting collection of autographs. Lady Henry Somerset and MiBS Francis Williird head a long list of remarkable women in Europe. Subjects of the Queen's in India, Africa, and Canada, and Heaven besides, swell the company. The Indian ladies, by the bye, had a difficulty in knowing what to sign, they are allowed no individual nomenclature, poor souls, and thought it would be immodest to sign the names of their husbands. ' The happy thought occurred that they should borrow those of their fathers, so it is really the names of Indian paters that decorate the pages. I fear some three or four mil ion of the signatories had very little real comprehension of what they were petitioning for, and why; and, though I wish the cause of temperance (in the true, sense of the word) God speed, I cannot say that L am -very sanguine about this monster petition, doing much to advance it. It will amuse the Queen, and it doubtless pleased the persons who signed it. Meantime, a good deal of time and money have been consumed which might have gone to rescue a few drunkards/ or promote some practical efforts for the prevention of the evils petitioned against. But this is an age of advertisement, and even good people must have their share in the master passion of the epoch I I wish somebody would arrange for a good pension for me 1 I know if that were done I should have long life," for annuitants always live long. Just look at this :—One of the oldest English po itical pensioner, Mr. Spencer Horatio Walpole, has just celebrated his ninety- first birthday. He sat in the House of Commons for thirty-six years, and was three times Home Secretary. The venerable gentleman is in receipt of a pension of £2000 a year, and his son, Mr. Spencer Walpole, enjoys a salary of £1750 a year as Secretary to the Post Office. Tbere lived in Calcutta some few years ago (1890), a married lady; she may still be there. She was born in India. She had a very fine pair of Saxon blue eyes, but, what was most extraordinary, round the retina could le traced, with a little patience, the words, " G orious Child.' Her ayah first discovered this, and rushed to tell her " Mem- Sahib." The lady's mother, Mrs. G. B., I will call her, would readily let friends see this peculiar defect or freak of nature. rAnd there are, no doubt, many ladies and gentlemen, friends who can vouch for this peculiar fact in India at the time. Her family had been connected with India for years past, had served with the army, and had seen and escaped the horrors of the mutiny. They had many offers to hold seances, all of which they refused- They were, as Anglo-Indians go, in good circumstances, and every highly respected by Europeans and natives. Befering to one of my hoots in last week's Mail, Mr. F. C. Timbury writes:—" Dear Bird of .Wisdom,— Your hooting re Father Ignatius in last Friday's issue is. interesting and valuable, drawing attention to one whose fervent spirit and intense person - ality have such wonderful influence for good. There is still, especially in Australia, much lack of knowledge respecting his unique position as a Benedictine monk, and a true member of the Church of England. As you may know, he was a theological student under Dt. Bright, Canon of Oxford, was ordained deacon in 1860 by Lord Auckland under letters dimissory from Bishop Philpots of Exeter, in whose diocese he served as Curate of St. Peters, Plymouth. The reason he is not in priest's orders is that while various bishops have offered him ordination, they could only do so if he would take off Lis habit during the ceremony, .which of course he would not, it being contrary to the rule. He might . aB well object to the bishop's gaiters, as the bishop object to the sandals of Ignatius. The founding and carrying on of the monastery of St. Anthony Abbey is entirely the work of Father IgnatiuB. Monasticism is not contrary to the doctrine and discipline of the Church .of England. Archbishop Leighton says it is ' the ascending by prayer to heaven to obtain grades, and descending to scatter : thein amongst men.' I h§ve a. vivid recollection of a sermtm or address de» livered by Father Ignatius .{Rev. J, L. Lyne) at J3t. George's Hall, London, twenty yteaiB ago, how earnestly his audience listened, notwithstanding some sfcrang6 assertions and quaint payings r-he iadhortedhis heaiers to go home plus the Saviour instead of minus. I remember also when Father Ignatius appeared before ihe court of Ghancery how Vice-Chancellor Malins' stated at him ahd said * it would never do for all the world to turn monks,' - to which Mr. Lyne replied amidst laughter,' that is scarcely more likely than that. all the world should ' turn Vice-Chancellors.' " The historical ghost of the Hohenzollerns (the White Lady) has again made her appearance in the Royal Palace, in Berlin, much to the' ; consternation and uneasiness of its inhabitants. Her last appearance was in 1872, just before Prince Waldemar's fatal fall from the Palace window, although it is reported that she, Countess Anna von Blammede, walked just prior to the deaths of the Emperors William I. and Frederic the Noble. She has now app -ared to one of the Court Chamberlains, who solemnly declares that he saw her in the long corridor, clothed in flowing white robes and wearing a magnificent jewelled girdle upon which she rested oae hand, the other being raised as if in warning, while her face wore an expression of severity and menace. Her insignia of Office has hitherto been a bunch of keyn, but this time^ shei wa° empty-handed. The Chamber-' lain, greatly alarmed, soon spread the news, thereby upsetting -the whole palace. The Emperor, however, heard the story with the utmost, unconcern. He gave orders that an extra guardshonld be stationed in the grounds-about the pain ce, and authorised the servants to seize any intruder, white lady or otherwise, who might be found prowling about. 