A Word to « Proletariat. 4 ' The writer of the Australian Church articlc, says :— 1 rend and admired the humorous letter which Proletariat addressed to the Champion ou lith March. Without accepting all the statements put so forcibly and strikingly therein, 1 would like to mention my appreciation of the vigorous and suggestive style of the writer, and of the lucidity, audacity, and epigram which made every sentence a stinger. It wub natural that the publication of such a composition at that moment would effect the articlc oil the Australian Church, which was then in course. is one of Proletariat's paragraphs:— For instance, here Holding- these views, 1 am prone, in all sinccritv, to ask why it is that the Chamtion dishes up to strong- brained, thinking men such poor mental pabulum as frieaine Church Y Why are earnest individuals, "foremost in the files of Time," and bravely facing the Future, lured back to contemplation of pickled specimens of the faults and failures of the PastSurely human revelation has not attained its apex in tho Bishop's Mitre, the Nonconformist Conscience, and the general Apotheosis of the Threepenny-Bit! As a co-heir (with Proletariat) of all the ages, in the foremost files of time, I eould not help considering how to place such caustic criticism of church articles which had preceded mine, aud without meaning any slight whatever on Proletariat, I took the very conventional, and perliaps indefensible course of making these remarks :— It may be accepted as matter for no wonderment whatever, that Young Australia approaches all the cburelics in a mood of aggressive criticism, ready, nay anxious, to find food for biting comment. But warm-hearted, hotheaded Young Australia running amok among- the chnrches is not so low a development as he might scorn. If he says in his haste that alt churches arc liars, he will repent at leisure—and, in the meantime it must not be supposed that he has no respect for anything- but hi« own want of veneration. Proletariat has taken these remarks as a direct personal reference to himself. But when I said "Young Australia" I certainly did uot mean Proletariat personally. Proletariat's letters certainly smack of Australia, racy of the soil, clc., but I do not think Proletariat is young either a literal, offensive, or poetical sense. in Indeed. Proletariat's tactical skill in attempting to switch me on to lliginbotham shows that he is old enough for mc to know better than to cross swords with liiui. 1 cannot help noticing, however, that the church which 1 was endeavouring to describe, on es its very being to the spccch of Higiubotham against mc. which Proletariat quotes The speech is a spcech against creeds, iiut can wc not my that tlie churches of the day do net consist of creeds—und the Australian Church is a protest agaiust creeds V The essential of a church is u congregation, and I suppose that it is the congregation —the humanity—about which a democratic paper like the Champion interests itself mainly. It is all very well for ITiginbotham's " thinking layman " to settle for himself on rational grounds what creed or no creed shall claim his adherence. But humanity docs uot consist of " thinking laymen" any more than it consists of " hanging clergy " and " piou6 boomsters in l'entridge." If we arc trying to survey this scene of man we must not people it with efligice, and then knock thcin over. The economists build up an ideal world of "economic men," but what is it but a drea.m of ghosts? Uiginbotham stands forth as the most picturesque character in Australian history ; but Australia is not poopled with Higinbothams. Nor i6 Proletariat's vivid picture of liypocliristians true to life. The mistaken, wcli-mcaning, decent folk (like Proletariat and the present writer) who people the world, arc the same as those who people tlie ehurchcs. The groping of church people after spiritual things, the aimlessncss of the priests, the conflict of tlie crccds, tho Babel towers of theology—all these may become the butt of those who sit in the seat of the scornful; but those who now look through a smudged glii6S darkly, may bv-and-byc see the truth face to face. But iu the meantime ? Deal' " Champion,"—Why do not the police institute proceedings aguiust the University Council for overcrowding on Saturday week. If I nm to be trampled to death 1 would rather it were to the inspiring strain of Djiu Djin thuu to the dreary platitudes of Commence, nient Day. Dr. Graeswell was present, but like l'oo-buli, not as cluiirmuu to the Board of Public Health.—Z eta. 