j'| Oimnery of Ghureh- jy Consetf. 1 1|| (copyright.) I Br J, D. Hennessey, author of " An S| Australian Bush Track," " Wynoum I a; White's Wickedness," "The 1 jfv Dis-Honorable," &c.; I fi CHAPTER V. i®|| (Continued.) i |j There was no mistaking the character |j of the man, if, as I felt confident, this fe was Harold De Ycre. He was no || mean adversary, for in addition to a melodious voice, I was compelled to pi acknowledge that nature had endowed |: him with much manly strength, and II' grace and beauty of person. Educa te tion and travel had done the rest. S; The lines of the compressed lips told jr of a determined will, that would not jj|; stop at much in the accomplishment of |p : any set purpose. I was inclined to address him by name at once, but as it; : he looked at me a queer feeling seemed Ifj- : to come over me, and I involuntarily j ; : recalled the night before mv marriage, ij; when a stranger had passed me near | the White Hart Hostelry, Chureh- !ji; Consett, and a mysterious ghostly visitant had trod at midnight with I : slippered feet across my bedroom floor, pi: He looked calmly out into the night,' jit ; , as 1 watched bim and tried to shape jit my lips to call his name, jjj: "But I was spellbound ; somehow or |i? other the words would not come, ip; Spencer strpet, shouted the guard, l|j and the stranger at once leaped out, ifj; followed by myself, ip, I dodged him like his shadow to tho jfi booking office, beard him take a ticket : for B ; booked myself for tbe same jg: place and leaped into the carriage after p him. There were others in it, aud fl seemingly he took no notice of me. I |i had determined to follow him. It was iff at a suburban station at which we alighted, and be turned out of the gates at a rapid walk. Por half-an- I: hour I followed along the lonely dimly- j jj: lighted roads. It seemed to me we | | must have walked almost in a circle, | when, as we approached a gas lamp, he J 1 suddenly stopped just beneath it. | Por a moment, only a moment, I j hesitated . j As I walked briskly forward, I saw 1 that he turned round, AGd stood con- : fronting me in the middle of tbe path- i way. j i Mark Gunnery, you're a fool, were j l the words with which he confronted j: me. I raised my hand to strike him, =i! for I wanted no further evidence as to ! who, or what be was, when be stepped i. back, and threw bis closed band to- | i wards my face and opened it, but with- out touching me. It was as though a galvanic shock had struck me with full force. In a moment I fell senseless upon the gravel. ;! pathway. j On tbe return to consciousness, I found myself the occupant of one of the beds in a ward of the Melbourne Hospital. Mine had been a very remarkable case, the nurse, after a few days, in formed me. I had been there for a fort night, very ill, and the doctors even then did not know what to make of me. It was a stroke of some sort, and I was to be kept very quiet for a few days, and then might communicate with my friends. The day nurse was a bright intelligent girl, and seemed to take an uncommon interest in my case. You must be prepared to see a good "bit of a change in yourself, Blie said to me one day. You know, a severe ill ness, such as you have had, makes a great change sometimes. Bring me a looking glass, I said. No, she answered, not to-day, but if you improve as much the next two days as you have the last, the doc tor says I may let you see yourself on Sunday. The days dragged slowly by. I was fast recovering strength, but to Bay that I was apprehensive, but feebly describes my anxiety to see the result of De Yere's cursed occult power upon my person. My brain was racked to weariness, in the vain endeavor to, in any satisfactory way, solve the nature of Do Yere's assault upon me. There was no mistaking the anxiety on the nurse's face on the Sunday morning as she brought the looking glass for me to see myself. I gave but one look. Good Heaveus ! was all that I could eiaculate. It was an old, withered, white-haired face that confronted me. Take it away, I said, as I sank back upon my pillow. In less than a month I had passed from early manhood to old age. j A few days after this, two of the doc- | tors had a long talk with me about my j illness. I told them as much as I ! cared to, but they were evidently in- | credulous. . One thing, however, they : were unable to explain, the -marks of I age were chiefly confined to my : features. Some days after I got a further shock. I had opened an account on coming to Melbourne with one of the local banks, and wrote a cheque for a small sum, when 1 was more startled if anything than before ; the illness had entirely altered my handwriting and signature, and I bad much' trouble in afterwards proving to the bank my iden lty. I catne outof the hospital a changed man— and yetasl looked at the extra- j ordinary alteration in my features, it dawned upon me that I might still be recognised for a Gunnery. In . the dining room at Church-Consett Hall there had been a likeness of my grand father, painted when he was over seventy years ofage — it seemed to me that my face had become the exact counterpart of that picture. CHAPTER YI. mistaken eos. a ghost. There comes a time to most men when tho fact that they are old becomes a new and unpleasant reality to them. But it is impossible for such to under stand the painful feelings which fill the i mind of a man who lias passed abruptly j from youth to age. It's effect upon me ! was to embitter my whole nature and i create in me an utter hatred for De i Yere. I set myself at once to trace his j movements; having followed him to; B , I knew that it would be easy enough to discover his place of resi dence. Lookingover some files of|tbe 'Argus' I was relieved, however, from any further search in Melbourne, for there, as plaiu as could be, was the name of Harold De Yere among the departures for Brisbane. He had evidently made no effort to conceal his movements or disguise his name. He had left about a fortnight after our meeting. I chuckled fiercely when I found that he was moving further north. ' He's getting away from civilisation,' I mut tered to myself, and will the more easily fall into my hands. I never counted the possible consequences to myself ; there are circumstances under j which a man's life may become of no value to him, and besides; to destroy such a man asDe Yore, I argued, would be a benefit to humanity ; only one who bad bartered himself to the Evil One could possess such powers as he had. I reached Brisbane, and found as I had expected that he was a visitor with Gordon Bassott, but I also found to my surprise that Lord Alfred Burr was there too. There was possibly some 1 pre-arranged plan, I thought, with Bas- sett that accounted for the meeting. And now fortune suddenly favored me in a most remarkable manner, and unexpected 'y gave me the opportunity that I had planned for and desired, j I was waiting for a train attheMel- I bourne street Railway Station oneafter- noon, when an old man, but vigorous and active, suddenly stepped in front of ! me, and stared full in my face with every indication of surprise. Good. God, he at last ejaculated, it's old Squire Gunnery. The man's face grew white, and I believe he would have fallen, but that I reached out my hand and dragged bim to a seat. He had mistaken me for my grandfather. Old man, I said, whoever you are, you once lived at Church- Consett. As I spoke to him he" shrank from me as from a demon, and his teeth fairly chattered in his head. Who are you ? I asked. Don't you know me ? heBaid. No, I answered ; never saw you in my life before that I know of. Ah, then you cannot be him, he re plied, looking at me eagerly, but with a sigh of relief. (To be continued). 