SYLVIA MONK'S CRIME, The marquis had a grandly chivalrous nature. The tact that this woman loved him and that the gossips made busy with her name, entitled her to his tenderest protection. He did not love her except in a fraternal way, but he began to question himself if he ought not to marry her. His mother had de sired the marriage. Berniced had begged him to marry Sylvia. People evidently expected such a marriage, and Sylvia herself seemed to expect it. He began, therefore. to moot the question in his own mind. Sylvia was conscious of he struggle going on within him. Her love and ambition were both aroused, and she bent herself to the task of iinnirg him nlowi, upon that very night, She. meant to renew her betrothal before she slept. Gilbert was equally anxious with Sylvia for her 'marriage to Chetwynd. Until that marriage should come off his game in regard to Bernice was blocked. He was thinking thus when the hall porter opened tbe.door and approached him saying : *Mr. Mork, there's a low fellow in the hall who says he must.see you. His name is Flack.' - 'Flack ' ejsculated Monk. 'Why, he was a servant ol mine. I'li see him. He hurried out into the hall. Flack stood just inside the great portal. Monk went up to him and asked, in an undertone: 'Why are you here.' Mrs. Crowl stnt me,' said Flack, 'Miss Gwyn left Mawr Castle the day before yester. day, and we haven's set n her since.' SLeft the castle ?' 'Yes, sir, along with a parkmantle, which she carried in her hand, and wearing of a gray dress and rail. Mrs. Crowl she thinks Miss Gryn came this vay, sir. It's along of a newspaper which came arnsnd a packet of wools which the French g :ver?ses bought at Carnarvon. The newspaper bad a;arrygraph that Lord Cbhet'xynd was at Genoa, and on his way home. That unsettled Miss, and she mad- off the same night. Have you seen her here ? 'Thunder I no. She's here or in the atl,hbbaurhood,' cried Monk in a panic. 'You moist watch here f:r her, Flack. Go over to the villiage tnn and look for her there. Be in the edge of the park on the east side bf the house alter the lights are out. Imust see you then- consult with you. I cannotstay here longer without exciting suspicion: We must find the girl to-night.' He returned to the house, concealing his anxiety and perturbation as best he could. HiIepassed thedrawing-room, going through the music-room to the great conservatory, into which the drawing-rooms, music- room, and the pink boudoir opened. He sat down in a dim nook among the flowers, his heart Sbeating fiercely, and muttered: Bernice here ! Bernice back at Chetwynd Park i She will respect her oath. She will not reveal her identity or presence to her husband; but why does she come? I fear there's mischief ahead.' CHAPTER XII. THE FIGURE IN WHITE. FRo.M the low, rustic seat upon which Gilbert had flung bimself, he could look into the bright drawing room and hear the low murmur of voices. 'I wish Chetwyod would fall in love with Sylvia,' t gtght Monk; 'but be remains wpdd d to his first love. I wish he would feel bound in honor or compassion to pro pose to Sylvia this very night. If she were very skilfti I should think she might lead him ott. If he were really and actually engaged to Sylvia, I think I could manage Bernice.' It seemed as if the fates were playing into his handa.ist night. * While belurked in the great conservatory that flanked one end of the great house and Sopiened upon several state ap.rtments, Sylvia sat in a low chair before the fire, her gay bit of wollen embroidery upon her knee, the .solt light falling in a flood upan her swarthy handsome face, red cheeks anJ glossy black h?tir, conscious that she was looking her best, and presenting a pretty picture to the home less young lord. 'I am glad to be back again,' said the marqui, his grave brows shadowed by his ceaseless unrest and bitter longings. '.I thpught in Abyssinia that I would give all I owned to transport myself in an instant back to this dear old home. And now I.amn here, in the rooms she brightened with her joyous presence, and the pain of bding here i; greater than I could have dreamed. It seema as If Bernice were near me, Sylvia. I have never had that strange sense of the nearness of her presence since I 'lost her. It seems as if she were in these rooms-as if she might appear to me at any moment-as if I might hear her voice calling me.' S,. That is very natural, an" very naturally explained,' said Sylvia, in her smooth silvery voice.: 'You left this place so soon after dear Bernoice's death that her presence still setemed, as one ngight say, to pervade the house. You come back after a long abse-nce, and everything reminds you of her. You havenotgrown used to the h.use without her.' '.Shall I ever get used to the house without her?'esked Lord Cherwynd, iu au impas sioned voice. 'The end of our grief mult wear off some time,' said Sylvia, softly. ' It must lose its first sharpness, and become a vague and tender memory. Perhaps when Im gone yeu will find repose in your fond memories of Bernice. I love Chetwynd Park, and all the people upon the estate. This is the only .home I hlave in the wide snrld. But I must leave it. I am going away soon, next week, if possible, and I shall never return again.' 'Why is this, Sylvia? Why should you leave your home?' 'Ah, that is it,' cried Sylvia, passionately. ' It is not my home. I have no right here. Can:you not see, Roy ? Do you not under "ptand ? You force me to speak plainly. I have no claims upon you, Roy, and I can no longer live upon your bounty. Besides,' and Sylvia's voice trembled with the conscious ness that she was playing her last card now, ' my good dame is my most cherished pos session, Roy; it is, in truth, all I have, and people talk because I remain here.' SWhat do they dare to say to the presence of my step-sister in my house ?' 'Thoey say,' replied Sylvia, dropping her head still lower, ' that I was once betrothed to you, and that you jilted me. They say that-that I love you still, and that I am staying on here in hopes to win you; And so I must go, Roy. I could not stay on here so long as a spark of true womanhood _emains in me. And so-and so--I'm going,' SShe covered her face and seemed to sob in aon~utter humiliation and anguish. "There is only one way in which you can or wili remain, I suppose,' he exclaimed, im. petuously, 'and that is - as my wife.' 'Oh, Roy I' cried Miss Monk, rapturously, cresting her head in serpent fashion, her dull eyes burning with lambent flames, her red cheeks flaming into deeper carnation. For an instant Chetwynd paused, be wildered. Miss Monk waited for him to say more. He comprehended that his unguarded outburst had been interpreted as a half pro posal of marriage. He was sick at heart for a brief space. Recovering himself, he said, with unconscious sternness: ' Sylvia, I r.ever lovead but once. My heart is buried with my wife. All my Ioes rest in her coffin. We were once bLtrothed. You put an end to our engagement, as I fancied then, because you had discovered that you did not love me, and 1 married Beroice. My mother desired you and me to marry each other. Bernice, dying, urged me to marry you Did she fancy, in that last hour, that you loved me? The dying see clearly, it is said. Perhaps she had heard of our former engagement, although that is scarcely probable. My mother loved you; Bernice loved you. I cannot permit you to go forth to a life of toil and hardship. Sylvia, sister, knowing what I am, and that I have no heart to offer will you become my wife ?' The color flamed again into Miss Monk's face. ' Oh, Roy !' she breathed again, in rapture. ' love you. To be your wife is more than I hoped. But I will devote my life to you. We will work together, and I know that I can bring back to you a portion at least of your lost happiness.' Chetwynd smiled sorrowfully. ' Such a marriage is a one-sided affair,' he said. ' I have so little to give in return for your love. But I can spare you the toil and hardship of a governess's life. I can shield you from contact with tle busy world, and I will try to make you happy.' Miss Monk arose swiftly and rushed to wards him with her soft, unculating move ments, and flung herself upon his breast. He started'back wish a gesture of repulsion, but recollecting himself, folded one arm round her. They were betrothed again, and he could give her at least a brother's cares $es. SOh, Roy, this hour pays me for all I have endured 1' cried Miss Monk. All I ask is to be allowed to make you happy. t cannot hope ever to take the place of dear Brrnice, but in time I may come to fill a little aiche of my own in your heart. I have suffered so much. My life has been one long death without you. Take mecloser, Roy, and give me the kiss of betrothal. At last-at last I am yours.' Cbetwynd put both arms around her, and said itl a broken voice : SGod bless you, my promised wife-my dear Sylvia ! and may your future happiness atone for the sorrows of your past', He bent his noble head and prested a kiss upon her williog lips. She held him to her, showering kisses upon him in a strnge un. reserve. A sigh, a breath, a faint rustle' like the brushing of a wi-g or' the movement of a woman's dress, came fluttering through the room. Chetwynd, still holding Sylvia to his breast, involuntarily lo. ked up. His appalled eyes beheld a sight that.held him dumb and motionless. He saw standing in the wide archway of the open sliding doors, that which he believed to be the apparition of his lost Bernice. She stood against a faintly lit background of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in the midst of an odorous twilight that made her seem indeed a vision from another world. She was dressed in white, as at her burial. Cherwynd's fascinated eyes noted that she wore aIl:g, white silken robe like that in which he had consigned her to her tomb. He recognized tbhe peculiar fasbisning ol the dress, for she bad worn the one in which she had been buried at her first dinner at Chet wynd Pirk- that memorable dinner upon the very evening of her home-coming. The low, square-cut Pompadour corsage, with frills of point lace standing up about the slender throat and fair bosom ; the short sleeves ending at the elbow in a frill of lace; the bared arms; he recognized each separate feature of the toilet be had thought so charm. ing. But the face! It was strapgely changed, and yet he knew it, and his heart leaped up within him at the sight of it. Bernice had been plain, with but the possibility of beauy, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, with the radiance of a rare and perfect loveliness. Spellbound, be continued to stare at her, noting the pure, frank brows, shaded by crinkling masses of floaing bair, the soft and perfect contour of her face, the tender wtchery of the sensitive mouth, the unutterable longing and yearning in the great vivid eyes of dusk, She looked'as if she plonged to speak, but was restrained by some invisib!e power. Sylvia's head had been buriied in Roy's breast. She wondered at his silence, and looked up, crying 'Call me yur promised wife again, dear Roy. Kiss me again. Am I not to be your wife? O', my darling-' She broke off abruptly, seeing the shadowy fil~ure in the doorway. .She stared at the vision as if it had been some demon sent to call her to her eternal home. Her hair seemed to rise on end. Her tongue was glued to her mouth. The countenance of the seeming apparition changed to an expression of ineffable despair and anguish. She opened wide her arms as if to embrace Chetwynd, and so, with out stretched arms, and yearning, anguished face, she slowly retreated backward hike the airy vision she seemed, until she had vanished in the gloom beyond. Not until the seeming spectre had disap peared did Lord Cbetwf)nd arouse from his frozen silence But then, as if galvanised, be flung Sylvia from hiti in an utter forgetful ness of her, bounded across the room and into the conservatory. The wax lights were burning dimly in the great arched dome of glass, and there were dim nooks and shadows on every side. The marquis dashed down a wide flower-bord:red aisle like a madman. The glzed dcors at the lower end of the conservatory and opening into the garden were open. He made for them, uttering strange and incoherent cries. Gilbert Monk.was standing near the door, as if brought to a sudden halt. H- had seen Bernice enter the conservatory, but bad been unable to arrest her movements. He bad seen her but n.,w depart like a shadow, and he was in the act of pursuit when Cbetwynd's swift approach made him hilt. The schemer knew that a crisis bad occurred in the for tunes of himself and Sy!via, and upon his present coolness his own future and hers de pended. He was tqaal to'the occasion. ( Why, what's the matter, Chetwynd ? he asked, in the utmost apparent surprise. -Gond gracious I is the man mad ? Where are you ting 7 Why are you running ? You look as If you had seen a ghost !I Chetwyrd turned upon Monk, eager and impetuous 'Did you see her 7? he cried. 'Has anyone passed out this way?' 'No one. I have been standing In the doorway here these fifteen minutes,' replied b~ook, with seeming truthfulness. ' Whom do you seek ?' ' It was Bernice,' said the.marquis, all ex. citemen:. 'I saw her as-plainly as I see you -my dead wife, Beroice. Help me to search the conservatory-' Monk put on a look of alarm. ' My dear Cbetwynd, be said, 'you are the victim of some strange hallucinatibn kour brain is turned. Have you foig iren that Bernice is dead? How, then, have syu seen her?' Da the dead return from ther graves7 My dear boy, let me send for D-. Hartright. You have got a brain-fever.' I Chetwynd shook offMonkimpatiently, and searched the conservatory in every nook and corner, but he found no trace of his strange visitant. He dashed out into the garden, and MIonk went with him, but they did not see again the slender, girlish, white-robed figure of the seeming spectre. At length they re-entered the conservatory, the marquis pale and distracted, and returned to the drawing-room. Miss Monk stood before the fire, her cheeks again glowing, but there was a look of awful dread and horror still in her eyes. She imagined that the spirit of the woman whom she believed she had murdered had returned to haunt her for her crime. In her first horror she bad been a very coward. She had crept away upstairs to her own room, and bad their given way to her terrors. The old East Indian nurse had given her her usual remedy-a soothing draught-and bad comforted her, and inspired her with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weakness, MIss Monk possessed an irbn will and a remorse less nature. Nothiong bad, so far, stood in her way in her attempts to win Lord Chet wynd. Now that he was fairly won, and be:rothed to her, she was determined that not even a visitant from the other world should take him from her. Having resolved, she returned to the drawing-room only a moment before Lord Chetwynd re.appeared. She welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, she swept towards him, caught his arm, and cried out : 'Oh, Roy I why did you throw me from you? Why did you dart away so abruptly ? You frightened me. How my heart beats still ! What is the matter?' Chetwynd was astonished, ' Did you not see Beroice?' he asked. ' Were you not also looking at yonder arch. way. ' I was looking at the archway,' replied the consummate actress, ' but no one was near i', Roy. What do you mean by youa allusion to Beroice? It cannot be that you fancied you saw her ?' 'I thought I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange I could have sworn that I beheld my lost wife. And you did no'. see her? Can it have been an allusion? Gilbert was standing near the doorway of the conser vatory, and he says that no one came in or went out by that way.' Sylvra swept a sudden, keen glance at her tr ther; but his face was impassible. She determined to have an interview with him upon the subject la'er. Cbetwynd was staggered in his belief. He put his hand to his forehead, saying, hollowly : 'Can I have been mistaken ? Was it all a freak of my over-excited brain? It is easier to believe that than to believe that the dead can return. And yet, could my imagination bave pictured her in all that splendour of loveliness, in the glory of a perfected beauty, the lustre of a beauty such as I 'have never se-n? I cannot explain it.' He leaned against the low .mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red cheek on his arm in a caressing fondness. ' Gilbert,' she said, proudly, 'my place is here, at Roy's side, henceforth. May I tell him, Roy ? Yes ? Listen then, Gilbert; Our old betrothal-Roy's and mine-is renewed. We are to be married-Ro'y and II' 'I congratulate you, Chelwynd, upon having won a true and loving heart,' said Molunk, extending his hand to the marquis. SThis renewal of old relations will assuredly prove for the best. I suppose Sylvia won't mind my telling you now that she has loved you all along with a rare devotion. .I hope you two will be happy. 'I am not myself yet,' said Lord Chet wynd with a troubled smide. 'I seem sud. denly to make the discovery that I have nerves. I'll go to my room, it you'll kindly excuse me, Sylvia. I am greatly fatigued after my jnurney,' and he withdrew, going up to the rooms he had occupied with Bernice. Gilbert made a movemeet to withdraw into the conservatory, but Sylvia detained him. He was anxious to search the grounds in hopes of discovering Bernice, and be submitted to his deteanion with ill- grace. 'What do you want?' he asked with an exhibition of surliness. 'I want to know if you were in the co, servatory during some fifteen minutes previous to L'rd Chetwynd's 'optic~il delusion?'' demanded Miss Monk, with sarcastic emphasi'. Monk replied in the affirmative.-. 'And you saw no one enter or go out ?' Monk hastened to utter a negative. ' I don't believe you,' said the refined Sylvia, with considerable rudeness. * I know better. I saw the ghost, if it was a ghost, and so did you. What is your object in denying the fact to me ?' I have no object. I saw no ghost, and I can swear to my denial, if you choose. You must have been reading Mrs. Crowe. You would do better to think of the great victory you have won. I advise you to hasten your marriage. I have nearly run through my thousand pounds, and I want, more. You remember that you promised me an annuity of a thousand pounds on your becoming Lady Chetwynd. Hurry up the marriage. That is my advice.', He kissed hts fingers to her carelessly, and sauntered away into the conservatory. Miss Monk looked after him with a puzz!ed frown. ' I wish I knew what scheme occupies him now,' she thought. 'Gilbert has changed during the past year. I must confess he is getting too deep for me, I can't fathom him. What prompts him to deny that he saw the figure in white ? If it were a spectre, be must have seen it, since it was visible to both Roy an i me If it was not a spectre, what was it ? On my soul, I believe Gilbert knows.' With this conviction, Miss Monk went up to her rooms. She found old Ragee in the dressing-room, just unlocking the doors of the precious East Indian cabinet. The old apah started at Miss Monk's entrance, and hastened to lock the doors opening into the ball. She then re turne-d to the cabinet, and opoened the secret compar ment and took out the tiny gold box of rore East Indian p-isons. SWhat are you going to do?' asked Miss Monk, sinking inno an easychair. * I want to see that my globules have not been tampered with,' responded old Ragee. ' If:-l uneasy, Missy, about that ghost. It can't be possible that I made a mistake in the vial, but I intend to see. If I bad made a mistake the g;rl nould have died in her coffin all the same- no, she would have recovered her consciousnests at the end of three days. It's all right, Missy, but I'll just make sure.' Miss Monk watched her attendant with languid interest, while the apah opened the two vials we have before described. ' There were one bundred globules in each,' muttered the old woman. -' I took one out of the vial number two, leaving ninety.nine. I will count them.' She proceeded to do so. ' It's right,' she announced. ' There are just ninetpy-nine remaining. I can't tell what made me so foolish, but just as soon as you spake of the ghort, I felt a desire to look at ihese vials.' ' Look at the vial number three,' said Miss Monk. ' Sll, that's all nonsense. It's all light, only there's one thing sure, Ragee Gilbert knows something about that gbost, or whatever it war, He sweatrs le saw nothing, I wish I knew what game of his own he was playing. There'sone thing sure-he knows the secret of that mysterious intruder of to. night.' The old ayah's weird eyes gleamed with a sudden light. She hurriedly seized upon the third vial, opened it, and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over her face when she had finished. 'Can't you make it count right?' asked Miss Monk, with sudden interest. 'There's only ninety-eight globules here,' answered the old woman, blankly. ' And there were a hundred ?' 'Exactly that-a hundred in each vial.' 'You may have dropped a couple;' and Miss Monk began to search. 'Stay, Missy,' said the old ayab, in a tone of deep significence. ' Answer me a question: Was Gilbert at home on the day that Lady Chetwynd was taken ill?' 'Yes. Don't you remember that be was in my boudoir before dinner ?' ' Was he in your boudoir before we opened this cabinet, and bad our conversation about Lady Chetwynd ?' 'Yes; he went out, and I called you, and we came in here.' 'Ah i and he was back in three days' time ?' 'Yes. I telegraphed him that Lady Chet wynd was dead. You know all this. Why do you ask so many unimportant questions ?' 'Simply to confirm my suspicions and remembrances,' said the old woman, her black face growing yellow. ' Missy, Gilbert Monk is as keen as a tiger that scents blood. He suspected us. When be went out from your room that day he must have slipped in here. The doors were locked, it is true. Howdid he get in ? With a bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, Gilbert Monk. He bid in here: he heard all we said. I re member I went to my own room for another vial. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicions complete and deepen them into dead certainty, If you had been absent from this room a moment-' Miss Monk uttered a singular cry. '[ was absent,' she ejaculated. 'Lady Chetwyod came to the door of my boudoir for a piece of music.' Then all is clear. Gilbert changed the globules, and took an extra one out of this vial number three. He was back in three days. He gave her ladyship more of the drug. She was buried. He rescued her. He has bidden her somewhere all these months. Lady Cbetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but Lady Chetwynd herself, whom yon saw tonight !' 