Ringing the Changes. AN AUSTRALIAN HOKSB PASTORAL. BY 0. H. 8. O.s'i sWaming Sunday rooming, we was riding . slowly down - That's rt)i; and Joe from Walwa- to Tarloola > town, And ibe chnpel 1ml I vu ringing, As we cleared the hit of scrub That bounds the parson's paddock. At the Imr.k of liiley'w pub. We hailn't got a deenar", and we're anxious hi-re to state We'd br*ak no Sunday liquor laws-whilst iiilny kept ft slate Tills Kiley wemed obliging, til] bo mentioned | Jnr'd a bill ] Thnl stretr.hed instead of shrinking op and ; sMtt-linc in bis till. So Jne tn head bim off talks borce. and, iririnj- inn a wink. Says, " Iiilny, what was you before you toot in Rclling; drink? : I've hmrd ok how you used to own a ringing (fnrid old grey; The Itad^ur, quite a champion in the steeple* cbasing way." First Kiley wnnkles op bis lips, halt whistles, th«n be epok«: " "I'is a very tinder topic, bboys; that gray hnrea sint me broke. But takn a nobbier to his name, aod while I tell'the tale, diwt wish with me them Goulia coves was doing time in gaol I I Iwt him in a kind of Jloodi perhaps that's the reason why. When Rodger's nanie Is mentioned now, I'm ulways feeling dhry." "I nevnr was a silver tail what goes for full and Rash, I'm modest like, especially when I are out (or ctiHh; As most *ud know old Badge could win the Gonlia Steeplechase, I didn't una as bow 1 meant to atart bim in that race. Not much t I just forgets blm stick and in an absent way. He'p entered ' Jenkin's brown, The Fox,' and exits Riley's grey." " When a cove has taken lessons in a back- J block gaflyig school. He isn't too partic'lac whet) be wants to scoop the pool; And as I want's a moote whaiihoald cop tbe maximum. By wire they Ret* an entry tor The filer ; wbpw 1 a plum. Tbe handicapper he fall in, asd socks him up with welRot, A pretty poultioe, 14 stone; The Fox gets 10 ptone 8." I " Well, bhoys.^e know whoa color U. grey's always grey.'brown'aln't, . But it isn't hard to change "ent U your bandy with'tbn gifttnt. I'd got ray dollars on Tbe Fox, Ibe pot was pretty warm- - It somehow starts f^eooling when swisb I comes a thunderstorm, Tho field was at thfc'etartingpost: what price the rein ? by cripes I Tbe Voz wtHl* brushing tip again-he's '? comlng^Bt^nsthrlpes I* "I twigs a tnasfontaatioii soeneaboat bis tal' and mane, , As we waited for the flag to tall amidst that pourin" rain; At last wt'ra off. The oobrse was shtiff and ( 'fore we got onoe round. A divil's doienof 'em found they'd business with tbe grounds Bat two stood np; The Fox, bard held, the \- Doctor's chestnut led, Bot 'bout A mile or so from borne the landed . onhethead." "A& he's winning in a canter then, The Fox < tatos'offitooclose, . : _.i', And followln' the prescription he nearly got his dose; \- Don't make do odds the -stpmUe, there's Whips ot time to-spare. The Fox wins very easy by a-lurlong from the mare. Why does the Doctor protest ? What's that to. domed judge Say*. Hnmber 9Is Jenkivs brown; there ain't no ? fcebm greys I" i "Tbn band played then. Somp swears its ifeidge. I asks the bloonin' Doc. ? JX folks don't sometimes find thefrdbafr gone piebald through a shock. 'Tismre,' says be; says I,'The iFoxriB timid, easy scored) SoJenkln's says ail tbam thunderinglalls have frightened him1 white-haiMd t ,t swore tbe Badger's dead three months.1 . Quite so1 they says' he'a tdyeJV the ohestputmare (he got theistakestand I'm disqualified. ' "To iive my tkjn asd get iaway I paid np Ana ud to give the Doc. tny horse to square *Wlybeti ~Ajj4 fn return be whispers me, 'Tjhem water " "colour* spoil," And paintings last far longsrtwbea the sctist takes 6t> oil." .» , "Trs balanced up his winnings since, though t oo more mokeB.I dyed, I bleached a bav to creamy with some shtuff '. call1 porpttide,' = 'TJi made they Say,|rom bullock's sldos-I ,«dunno. Neilyear I <n the Doctor's dollars, though-my word IS-I cost fahri dear, Hc'Jeot the Badger right again and backed Um.fora pile. But though I wasn't on tbe spot.'! did bin tqrtn ftyle.... He don't kndw yet tbeiyellow horse, tint beat* ;,Mtn on the port. ?WniihauVs to that -there stuff a crack bay |t«q)leohaser's ghost." '. .?'... * Thai's how I got the office, if la Tarioota town, lout parchlng tor a nobbier and so coin to pbnkdown. Call Bround on Riley and'ask him tor this tale, Sympathise discreetly, and you'll get it by the * Bssaarf* jbilUng. ,-Bo-VI feel like a fool to-night." She .'Wlty to-night?" Ambiguous: Bhe-"And would you have loved toe just as much without my money V" He-" Just as much, my darling." V Do you think you could eat another piece ot bie, Tommy ?" " I think I could, ma'am, U f stood up." In Chicago: Undertaker - "Here, this won't do; where is the sixth pallbearer?"' " He Is-er-ttmt 1b, be Is proposing to the , widow." "The best preventive for seasickness," says the Menayunk PMtotoplier, "is to climb a tell tree and stay theie till the voyage is over." " Well, I swam I" said the cat on tbe back fence, as a shower of boots came his way; " ihet fellow must think I've been getting msiriid." Horn-" Does Sillicus know anything shout music?" Joax-" No: he doesn't know the difference between a string orchestra and a rabMt%*M." " I tUnk It Is mean of yon to sny that the count is good for nothing." " Well. I suppose It you ever go to Pails he will coma'in handy aa an interpreter." 