NOVEL. The Troublesome Lady. BY PATIENCE STAPLETON. CHAPTER IX—Continued. Oliver winced. ' Perhaps at the third you'll have better luck, my pet.’ ‘ I have said something awful, I suppose,' she laughed, ' but I am so happy I don't care, and I said good-by to that ghost-room. Oh, I'm so glad I've got somebody alive to be with !' ' I believe you are going to marry me out of fear,' he said, as they drove along in the carriage. 'You don't think that, sweetness,’ she said, contentedly ; ' and you have got your lovely look. You always were like a man out of a novel to me. A city bachelor, Aunt Hannah says. Won't she be surprised ? but, do you know, she said I had leanings towards you all the time.' Mrs. Minny was very reserved when the two strange gentlemen joined them, and when the marriage service was being read trembled a little, until Skye yawning dole- fully—he had not slept well, poor dog, in the hotel cellar—made her smile, and she was radiant when the solemn ceremony was over. They were married in a shabby parsonage of an out-of-the way church, by an underfed parson in threadbare clothes, and Minny's generous heart rejoiced when she caught a glimpse of a fifly-dollar bill Oliver paid for the few moments' talk that meant so much,—the ceremony that is, after all, the strongest link in the chain of human happinness. Oliver had told his two friends something of the events preceding this strange mar- riage, so they were tactful enough to say the right things at the little dinner the four had in the very private room where Minny had eaten the day before. Skye behaved pretty well, and the only cloud on his mistress's brow was when one of the strangers stupidly asked if the dog was going on the wedding trip. ‘ Of course,' she said, decidedly. ' Of course,' echoed Oliver, meekly, and the two guests smiled the old, old smile of the married man who knows. ' It was a little like Hamlet,' Minny whispered when she and her husband, and of course the dog, drove to the depot,—' the wedding-feast.' He laid his finger lightly on her lips. ‘ Sweet, there are things best unsaid.' ' You will find me so fall of faults,’ she sighed, in remarkable meekness. ' Skye, give me your paw ; this is your new papa, and if he gets cross, why, I can pet you. It will be no new experience to you, unhappy dog.’ Then Oliver laughed and hugged her. ' What a child you are !' he said. At the depot he sent a telegram to Doctor John : ' I have married Mrs. de Restaud. We are off on a trip, and want to hear nothing from Denver. Tell my clerks I won't be home for four months. Have sent word to Jones and Bailey to take my cases. I am happy, and she is divine. We have the dog along. ' Graig Oliver.’ When, after two months' absence, Oliver telegraphed Doctor John to forward his mail to St. Augustine, the first letter he opened was one addressed to himself from Newcastle, Maine. Mrs. Minny leaned on his shoulder as he read : ' Dear Mr. Oliver,— ' The first thing I saw on my getting home from Paris, France, was a letter in my niece Minny's unreadable handwriting, which she says is Italian, but is as hard to read as a picket fence. I would have wrote right away, but the house was in such a mess from shiftless people—I left some Baileys in charge of it —that I had to turn to and go to house-cleaning before I could live in the place. I made out that Minny is married to you, and most likely on the very day her first husband was being buried. I do hope folks here won't learn of it : my family has given the village more to talk about than they ever had before, and they are dragging me over the coals now. Most of 'em knows I've been to France, and they pester me to death in- quiring round. ' I guess you about felt obliged to marry Minny to take care of her, and I foresee she set a store by you before her first husband died. I was right, too, in questioning you about her. Well, folks' ways is different nowadays. If I'd had niece Minny's bad luck with one man I never should have taken another one.' Oliver looked back into the rosy face lean- ing over his chair. ' Well, Minny ?' ‘ You dear thing,' cooed Mrs. Minny, with a soft little kiss, ' she don't dream how lovely you are ! Read on : I don't care. Aunt Hannah's letters are like cold shower-baths : they send chills all over you, and little stings, but make you feel good afterwards.’ ' I am sure, though, you, being well on in years, can regulate Minny's conduct, and be stern with, her, too. Mrs. Poole is mighty bitter towards Minny for her goings-on with Sam, and says he's taking to smoking cigars and playing billiards since she rode with him and acted so flirtatiously. But Minny didn't do much.' (' Aunt Hannah's relenting,' laughed Mrs. Minny.') ' And that Poole boy ain't half baked, anyway : none of the Pooles ever were. I want you to see that Minny wears her rub- bers when it's wet, and takes care of herself ; for her mother's folks is weakly, and her mother died of consumption.' Oliver drew his wife to his knee, and dropping the letter, looked at her anxiously. ‘ The Pattens are awfully long-lived,’ she said, merrily. ' Don't be a goose. She didn't think I would hear that, you know.’ ' I shall take yoU to Doctor John,' he said, seriously, ‘ when we get home.' ‘ I like him so much !' she murmured. ' In my trunk I have his smoking-cap ; I'll give it back, now I have you. I kept it to re- member our ride by.' Oliver took up the letter again. ‘ I can't have no regrets that Mister de Restaud is dead. He was a dreadful profit- less man to everybody, and made Minny un- happy enough. I hope he had change of heart before he died in that asylum ; but Doctor John wrote he didn't know anything. It was good of Doctor John to go there and stay by him : there ain't, to my mind, many men angels walking about on earth, but the doctor's one of 'em. Before I forget it, bring him with you when you come down next summer, as I hope you will come, Mr. Oliver, for I set a store by you on account of your kindness to the poor child.' ' You see she pats you on the back now,' chirped Mrs. Minny. ' Before I close my letter I must tell you about my visit to Paris, France ; and, though it seemed heartless to take Franky away, Minny is honest about it and she will tell you I done right. I was mortal afraid Henry would steal him off, and, as he is a croupy child, he would get his death : so I just took him across ocean to Henry's folks. I wa'n't much sick on the voyage, nor the baby, but was bothered most in France on account of folks not understanding me. Howsomever, there was some Philadelphia people along that I got acquainted with, and they set me right, for they could talk with the French. Finally, when I got to the general's house, coming in a cab that charged a mortal bill for waiting, on account of being interested in talking, I found the general in,—a fine old man, too, and he could talk English reason- able well. I up and told him everything, keeping Franky on my lap. ' Now,' says I, ‘ if you don't want this poor little child and treat him as your own, I take him to my home, for I’m well-to-do, and the little creetur's growed into my affections.’ Good- ness me, he knowed most of it, that man Lewis having kept him informed. He set right down and talked friendly as possible, said Minny ought to have come to him, he would treat her as a daughter ; then his eyes filled with tears, and he took little Franky in his arms, and told me their Alphonse was dead, and his eldest son's wife was a helpless invalid who wept night and day. I took my things and went up-stairs with him to her room,—such a grand house ! —and there she was, a pale little creetur, that could only jabber in French ; but baby smiled on her,—babies knows any language, —and she shook hands kind with me, and the upshot of the matter was I stayed two weeks in their house, till Frankie got ac- quainted with the new nurse. I forgot to tell you I never thought of that cab till I was eating dinner three hours afterwards ; and I jumped right up, and was running out, but Henry's brother, a respectable solemn-looking man, sent one of the help out, and a bill there must have been, but he wouldn't let me settle. 'Fore I left news of Henry's death come, and upset them all, and then Lewis and Annette was expected, and as I didn't want to see them two,—especially him,—I went away. They sent a cordial in- vite for Minny to come, but I told them I guessed she'd like America best, as I do, where you can tell what folks say when they are talking. ‘ The general give me to understand they would legally adopt Franky, and I told 'em you would sign any documents—as I know you would—for the boy's sake. He will have a fine property some day. I was awful lonesome going homeN: my old arms was empty, and I cried myself to sleep lots of nights. ‘ I will now close. Be good to Minny, Mr. Oliver, and come down early and stay all summer. ‘ Yours to command, ' Hannah Patten.' Sometimes, as the years glide by, Mrs. Minny's arms are empty too, and her heart yearns for the little baby over the sea. No other child has come to her, and her husband frowns at the mention of a journey to France : he is jealous of even the little hold the lost baby has on her affections : so there is a thorn in her bed of roses. Skye, too, is old and sleepy ; or is it herself who has no desire for play ? Is she becoming grown-up and different ? Will he love her just the same, perhaps more ? He must tire of her childish- ness. But he does love her, and so fondly. Oliver, on his part, saw the decay of his political prospects with calmness. He heard one day at the club something they did not wish him him to hear. A knot of men were discussing the possibility of his securing the nomination for governor in the coming election. ‘ Never in the world,’ said one of his friends. ‘ There is some story about his wife : she does not go in society at all,—a pretty little thing. I wonder, though, how a man can throw away his future for a pretty face.' ' What was wrong ?' asked another. ' I'm not sure,’ answered the first. ‘ I do know he married her the day after her hus- band—that crazy French fellow De Restaud —died, and that he ran away with her one night from her home up in the North Park. Oliver had a shooting- box there. You couldn't make him governor ; regular exodus of our wives to the East ; they never would call on her.' The words stung Oliver a little ; but that evening, when his wife ran to meet him at the door, wearing a little yellow gown, too, as in that night in the past, with Skye at her heels, he smiled in content. How infinitely small were all honors men might give man beside the real heart-happiness of love ! He thought he would rather be married than be President ; and he blessed the kindly fate that led him to the valley of the Troublesome and the little Troublesome lady there. The End. 