NOTICE. Chief Secretary's Cases. AdfJHide. Nov. 23rd, 1893. I! read paw girthing proclamation is hard for jçe.'ieraî information. Joe. Gordon, -a- ClrieHSecretsry,. A pROCLA£lAJTfô£teY His) ExCLLLjESCY\ Generà£>3îf. Henry "Wylie Norman, Governor and COM- MANDER.-!:* -Ghost? .OPr'CHE,COLONY OF QUEENSLAND. "acts 90. Whereas" by an Act passed in the thirtieth year of Her, JÀfajesry's reign-, intituled the ''Diseased Animals Act;" it is among other things enacted that it shall be lawful for the Governor, from time to time, with the advice of the Executive Council, Wy proclama- tion, to prohibit or pair restrictions on the introduction For 'exportation of each?, ' horses, sheep, goats, pigs, .poultry,.and-oiliuF. animals, or any one or- more kinds of? 'animals, into the colony of Queensland, or into any district thereof, from such places and during -su eli , Hines.- ft s may appear necessary, and" any each proclamation to alter or-revoke'-by ''n.'Himilar procla-" mation : And whereas a malignant cattle disease"' exists in portions of the Northern Coasts 'Watershed of the colony, and it means lifting' demied expe-" dient to prevent its spread beyond its present limits : Now, therefore, I, Sir Henry Wylie- Norman,' the Governor aforesaid, by and with the advice of the Executive Council.. do hereby pro hibit for a period of six months from the date of this my proclamation, of until this proclamation shall have been, altered or :revofced:.byrä a similar proclamation, any cattle in any portion of the colony of Queensland north of the boundary line. sex forth in the following description from being taken or driven to any portion of the said colony south of the said boundary line,' viz.: 'CoíBofeñc-ing.oK file west boundary. of the colony' at the S.W. corner of the. Pastara] :District--oË.-13arke, and bounded theirceflby the south, boundary, of that district, being the 21st paral-' .lelof.so.u.th Itttitu'de frnd<?tlM:gouthern. watersheds of the Leichardt, Glen 'garry, and FUnde&Sr.iiiv;'bVs easterly to the southern boundary of Redcliffe "Leae'e. by spaces of the south and east boundaries of that leased by part of the' north boundary of Lammermoor Lease, by-pass 'exist the-Atest, the north, and? part of the east boundaries of Oakley «Wso.JL>,yt.pjyt of the northeast by the east boundaries of Maude' Place O.L. No. 5, by the north boundary of Kirkham O.L., by part. of the west,andaby the north boundaries of Blair Athol Run, by part of the west and the north west boundaries of Longton Resump- tion Portion B by the W. and N.E. boundaries of Longton Lease, by the south and east boundaries of Longton Resumption Portion A by the north boundary of Natal Downs Resumption, by the NW boundary of Mount Elsie Lease, by the NW," NE. and part of the east boundaries of Mount Elsie Resumption, by the north and east boundaries of Lornsleigh Resumption, by part of the south boundary of Mt. IvicConael Lease, by part of the west, the sea Mr, and SE boundaries of Hidden Valley Resumption, by the north and east boundaries of Selma Resumption, by the north boundary of Byerwen Lease, by the north and N W boundaries of Redcliffe Vale Lease, by part of the SW and SE boundaries of Blenheim Lease, by the west and SE boundaries of Eungella Lease Portion B by the south and part of the east boundaries of LOL. No. 3, by the north boundary of Pelion O.L. Nose, by the north boundary of portion -12 parish of Pelion, by- the Westland, northern daries of portion ly to Murray or Scrubby Creek, by - that creek downwards to Joliuiouut Creek, by that creek upwards to"-- the north boundary of St. Helen's Lease, by that boundary east to the NW corner of portion 124 parish of Ossa, by the north"-' tfo'u'nctàiïy of that portion, by the north and east boundaries of portion 788 to Neilson's Creek, by that creek downwards to Constant Creek, and by that creek downwards to the sea coast. Given under my hand and seal at' Government House, Brisbane this 16th November, 1895. By command, Horace Tozer. 