CHAPTER IV. I have no vanity. The rubs and joltings of this lovely world'have pretty well eased me of any particles of self sufficiency I may have imbibed with my ! mother’s milk, From the first hour of my entree to the domicile of Ben Cable I saw that his handsome, amiable daughter had set her line to angle for me. As a 1 rule, the half-bloods of New Zealand are quiet and retiring in disposition, : but, to my astonishment, I found Myra 1 Cable quite the reverse in this respect. 1 Since the unfortuate affair in the river, i wherein I had played the part of the 1 farcical hero, the lady had taken : me under her especial charge. During my. sojourn in many lands I ; had learnt many modes of making love, .but' for straighttorward, vigorous and : original billing the Prime Minister’s 1 daughter was the chef-dceauvre. . .Here is an illustra'ion : One evening we (Myra and 1) were wandering down by the river arm-in arm. It was a beautiful'moonlight night, almost as clear as day.. Sud denly the girl .stopped 'anef. taking me :by both my arms, fixed her large black eyes upon my-face.- ' : “ Frank, do you love me?”she said, briefly, in a rather cold and hard tone of voice! The question was so'sudden and un, expected that I could not reply for the moment, “Because,” she continued, without waiting for my answer, “ I love you— j love ypu more than I car. tell." ' “ Why, Myra, this is not leap year,” ■ cried I, recovering myte-’/. “ I care not what year it is," she ' answered, in the same measured tone and with' a strange light in her eyes. “It lias seemed years to me since.you came here. • Answer my question.” “ I —really—T like you .very • much, Myra, but—” . “ Like 1 Nay, that is no .reply,” site cried, with vehemence. “I am deter mined that you shall love me, or—-” . \ “ Or what, Miss Cable?” %‘I will kill vou.!’.’ she returned, slowly', and without moving a muscle of ber facfe» " . TT . I burse ^ut laughing at her. Here was courting yith a'-vengeance. My. love pr. my life'- ^ hat. was jt(. - »Oh;'you she’ saidj' after a pause. “ I have beard my fa ther say that bis ca(mtrjOi?fc ! cruel when they seem most mcrcilul. .So it is with you! Db'yoti think I have , not the courage to kill you ?’.’ 1 I I felt inclined to roar out afresh at I her question.; but, looking down at her, I saw that she ^,-as in terrible earn est.’ ■ “Myra, you are half a Pakeha,” I answered,, in a grave way, so that she might not mistake my words. “These people about you here are ignorant.but , you have been to school and know ’ many things that they can never know. If the dfiief Rewi wants a wife he se ’ lects whom he pleases from-his tribe; , and, if the lady demurs, he uses force. Among the Pakehas it is different. Love does not come at our bidding, neither will he depart from-us with a . word." “ Love has come to me like a thief," she murmured, in a low tone. “ I am sorry,” I said, soothingly. “ By and-by, perhaps, Myra may see some handsome fellow more worthy and more suitable for you as a husband than I am. Remember, I am almost a stranger to you and a guest beneath your father’s root" • . “ You are a beautiful devil that has come and taken the light out of .my j life,’’she cried, stamping her foot- on. < the ground in’a fierce mood.' “Before ] ■ you came I was happy. Now I do not. i care if you throw me headforemost into 1 the river!" i “ I’ooh, girl! You are beside your self, over what, after all, may be only a ’ passing fancy.” ; “Fancy !" she echoed,her eyes ; ablaze, ' “ you shall see !” and without another I word she left me to find my way back l alone. I I was fairly puzzled what to do un der the circumstances. The girl was < handsome, she was tolerably educated I and one of the best female mimics 1 (especially of the human voice) that I ] had heard in my life. This I had i good cause to remember later on. < Fortunately for me, at this critical juncture, an adventure befel me which, £ for a time, relieved me of my fair per- t secutor. < _ It was at the close of a long day’s i pig hunting, in company of Rewi and t others, that I chanced to outstrip my t companions in chase of a huge boar. I t was so pre occupied with the excite- 1 ment bf the sport that I.did not notice c that I was alone and that the dusk of t evening was gathering around me. When I did discover the fact I began c to make a sound like the cry of the • pel—a signal to my companions; but, 1 to my surprise and chagrin, there was r no response. Again and again I made s the ravines ring with the tail, but with * no better success. r I was tired with the hunt and very l hungry, having tasted nothing in the « way or eatables since morning; but I 1 felt that my best plan would be to v push on and try and find the party re- c turning home before darkness set e in. t At that time I had no idea that a search would be made for me by the young chief and his men ; but, as it transpired afterwards,. had J_remainer]. - stationary "in one place no doubt they would have found me. But I had an c idea that I could find the settlement of. j the king very well by myself—like the j: presumptuous puppy that I was, r Darkness came on apace and I’ as- f cended the side of a deep ravine., t Scrambling to the top, I sat down and s felt for my comforter, in" the shape of £ a short black cutty, which, by the way, i had consumed some. score pounds weight of tobacco. ■ But I discovered £ that I had not the ghost of a match a wherewith to light it. 1 ■•‘.The deuce fall foul of that ugly t boar !”• I muttered, between my teeth, c “ No food and my pipe useless for the 1 want of a lucifer. Ml desperandum? s I’ll push on ; better to keep- moving, t I’m on the right track.”- { It happened that I was not, though. ' Striding haphazard over the loose 1 stones and boulders, I made headway 1 up one ridge and down another until t the perspiration began to stand oh me in huge drops. At the termination of c a couple of hours I found myself en- s tering a tall forest of kauri pines, which £ I did not remember to have seen in our s route during the pighuut. It was now t quite dark, but there was sufficient £ light for me to trace my steps ; yet the c further I went the more dense became s the scrub, until I was lain to sit down ( and rest 1 I began to despair now of finding t my way in. the gloom of night. My face and hands were torn with the t sharp thorns and prickles of the stunted c cawrie and ti-ti-tree and, by the same t process, my clothing had become well 1 ventilated to the keen night wind. I £ I felt I would gladly have exchanged a c ^5-note for just on.e single wax match £ at that moment. Perchance it was as ' well that-I liad none with me. c Matters that seem to our short- r sighted reason a misfortune very often turn out in the long run to our advanr : tage. I had been seated in the shelter r of oiie of the grand' kauri . pines for < about an hour, ’ when I became aware t of a low, strange noise in my vicinity, f At first it sounded like .the wind amongst the brushwood, but anon, as t I intently listened, I distinguished the 1 i voices of men talking loudly. ( My first impulse was to give forth ■the cry of the pelu; b.ut foreign .travel I had taught me caution. I therefore' 1 crawled upon my hands and knees in £ the- direction of the sounds, and pre- ' , sently came upon a scene that made t me feel anything but comfortable. Within a small clearing, ringed in by < a thick belt of trees", I saw a’large fire. 1 Around it-in a circle were squatted t some fifty Maoris, talking and gesticu- t , Iating in a fietce, manner, peculiar to 1 the Maoris when roused to anger." ' They were all armed and, ohe fellbw 1 of Herculian-proportions, who seemed ' to hold authority 6yer' the remainder, f waa standing in-the centre of the ring i leaning on fysrifie,' ^This savage- was t almost nude and Had “jus body painted' i in a grotesque fashion wjtb white paint" ! ahd red’bdtfe/Ijfs'Be&a;'Wing adbrfifctf' t by a crimson shawl, " t I had been only six week? in thf £ . hapu of the. Kmgites.but, under the : tuition of Myra, I had gathered a smat tering of the Maori language sufficient t to enable hie to comprehend.the pur t port of what these savages were say- j \- ing. _ : ' ' • ; The gist of it was simply this : ' [ Ralph Heywood, a sea .captain, : owned a large house and a fine estate : somewhere in the neighborhood. Ben ! t Cable mentioned this gentleman’s ’ name to me as residing some thirty . two miles further up the river, on a ■ grant of fine pasture land purchased ; from the king, under whose protection \- he lived. The place occupied by the retired mariner was . called “ Fern Cliff,” and was considered the station . par excellence on the Waikato River. Here, then, I discovered that these men before me were part of a robber tribe of Maoris, known as Te Huri, the banditti of New Zealand, who are now, and ever have been, a scourge and a plague to both, peaceful Maori and Pakeha. The purport of their visit was briefly to plunder Captain Hey wood’s house at Fern Cliff. Crouched here listening to them, I was enabled to gather and put together .their whoje, plan of ..attack. .The visit , of these 'wretches meant, more than plunder—it meant murder—cold, cruel murder; for I had heard them spoken of even by their own race with a shud der of horror. I would have given all I had in the world to have warned Rewi of the. pre sence of these marauders.. But how was it to be done ? Even had I known the way to the settlement, how was 1 to bring the requisite succor up in time. The attack was to be made on Fern Cliff on the following morning and.in the meantime three scouts were ordered by Tutara, the leader of the party, to proceed to the station at once to recon noitre, with orders to return. before dawn and report progress. As I’heard this order given, an idea suddenly flashed across me. I deter mined to dog the heels of the-scouts, discover the Fern .Cliff and warn the inmates of their danger. Before I Jiad time to clearly fix this decision in my mind, the three savages leapt out of the .circle and began their journey. Luckily they passed within five paces of my concealment without discovering me. Rising from my posture, I followed cautiously in their footsteps. My eyes had grown accustomed to the night and I could discern them very well.- I felt no fear, so far as my own personal safety was concerned. 1 was armed with a double-barrelled rifle, also a revolver, both of which I had taken the precaution to load ere I started on my ' •way back to the hapu. For a'-long time I hovered at the' rear of the scouts, who moved at a rattling pace. - Once or twice I imagined they'had discover ed me, but soon found they had paused to be-certain of the route. 