Ethnology. Seventeen Years Among the Blacks. THE STORY OF JAMES 'MURELLS. (Continued from last week.) CHAPTER [?]-The Aborigin[?] of Northern Queensland-Nomadic Habits Living in Tribes—What they eat as Food—Language-How they Make Flre^The Ceremony of Making the kads Men—Relaaonsalp—-How fl^ey Dispose i>f the Dead—Flax Grown, 4nd the Uses they Make of it—>De/ictip tlons of the Country—Gold—Bxfctoc- Uon of the Race. • ' The aboriginals among whom James > Murreljs had been living are deaciwed by him a« being physically superior, as to general appearance, to any others "he had seen In the southern parts of the colony; nevertheless they ate treacher ous, jealous, and exceeding1 cunning. They are not black—they are more.of the colour of half-castes. When born they are nearly white, bat when they are ; .three ..d^y* old the .gins squeese put, their own milk on them and rub It and powdered charcoal into their skins to make them black and shiny. They have sunken eyes, broad flat nosesl <which are made so by pressure by their mothers in infancy), and very broad ninths. The infante are allowed to muck #1 the breast a very long while—indeed until they are old enough to obtain their own food. He CMurrells) had seen a child sucking at the breast with its next brother or sister. He had also seen the little things working In the swamps wtlh their mothers, getting root*, and often going to them for a drink jtt, the breast. The women have, v.eiy few children, seldom exceeding four, and more seldom have twins; indeed he could not remember more than about four cases of twins. He also re membered that in one case when there was a boy and a girl born the father killed the boy to save the mother trouble in.rearing both; they were very lazy. It caused, however, a great disturbance in the camps among their friends, who thought the parents ought not to have shirked their responsibilities. The wo men go into the swamps as usual, the very next day after their confinement, to gather root food, as though nothing unusual had happened. The men have several wives—in some cases as many as eight or nine—and it is mostly about their wives that their wars, flghto, and feuds occur ; they steal them from each other, and not unfrequently lend or sell them for a time, for a slight considera tion. It was his early knowledge of this condition of things that necessitated great caution on his part. The natives rarely stayed long in one locality : as a place becomes exhausted of food they migrate to another. In the wet or cold seasons they put up email gunyahs to live in/ but in no particular order. They are divided Into tribes, each tribe speaking a different disject —they can hardly be called different languages. 'Murrellg could speak freely in eight of these dlalecte. They had no regular chiefs ; the strongest is the best man. The natives obtain their living by flailing, hunting, digging in the earth for roots, gathering wild fruito, &c.; They can eat almost anything, sharks, snakes, crocodiles, shell-fish, and fish of all kinds, kangaroos, rats, wallaibles, grubs, snails, all kinds of creeping things, wild ducks, geese, turkeys, and several kinds of rpote, one of which called " moogoondah," growing on the tops of the highest hills, to the best eat ing ; It Is sweet, firm, dry, and flourishes best In red clay soil. There is another root called "malboon," the habitat of which Is in the scrub at the foot of the hills, which is soft and nice eating. There are several varieties : one called "oftrnool," of a sticky nature when cooked, grown on the mountains <not In the scrub but in the grass), white like a turnip, with a small thin leaf; another like it smaller, and darker in colour, but similar In all other respects called " cah nan" ; another, called " booan," a creep er wih-ich grows on the high banks of the fresh-water creeks, having a small thick green leaf; another, called "man oon," resembling much the turnip, but smaller in site. There is one called "cardobla," or "carlmba," which tea runner in the grass ; it has a little blue flower; and many, others. They have several kinds of fruit: a plum, very large, bat with little substance on it, all stone nearly, called "gowan gowan" or " oolooboo" ; a small currant, very blue in colour, nearly all stone, called "moo gah muddah" ; a banana, full of black seed and very little other substance. There is a very little berry, similar to tfhe white currant, very sweet, called " waiba" ; another which is red, nearly all stone, called " mooray." There to a fruit like an apple, called "barkaibah" ; a red flg, called "cowarah"; and a Mack one, called "ballamoo." The bread- fruit grows on the mountain*, and to called " mugurdah." The following re marks by Monsieur Thozet, on some of the natural productions above and else where alluded to, written by that gen tleman, which appeared In the Rock hampton M Bulletin" of the 14th March, 1888, will no doubt be read with In terest by botanists and scientific read "The importance of Morrill'e experi ence would have been practically illus trated, had his services been at the dis posal of the late lamented Victorian ex pedition, by the preservation of Burke and Wllto's live?, through hie know ledge of indigenous articles of food, and the consequent certainty of tfheir ulti mate return to relate their own achieve ments. But fate otherwise willed It; . and Providence appears now to (have* conferred upon us a means of averting . the recurrence of similar disasters. With the albove preface, then, we will at once plunge 'in mediae res/ and commence ■ our botanical recapitulation with the native small plum, aboriginally known as Balemo, botanioally as the Plscns aspera, R. Br., a shrub occasionally verging into a tree, and pointed out by Morrill on the northern range of the' Fitsroy. This plant can be readily iden tified by lie oval dark-green leave*, which, like its specific name, indicate its singular roughness. The milky juice of the young shoots is employed by the natives medicinally, and is represented ■ by Morrill, from personal experience, to be very efficacious in healing wounds. After the application of the milky juice of the Balemo, the scraped root bark of < the Ourai (or Grewia of 'botanists), a genus belonging to the liliaceae order, is ; used as a poultice to the wound—4t is to be presumed from its emollient proper ties, as a counterbalance to the acridity of the Balemo. The Ourai or Orewia grows abundantly near RocKbampton, . and has a large alternate oval serrated leaf, tomentose beneath, bearing us fruit a very small brown berry, general ly in palm, on a small axillary peduncle. The* Rockhampton tribe call this plaqt Karoom. The two plants—the Balemo and the Ourai—are the only two Morrill could Identify in the Rockhampton flora as in use by the natives both medicinal ly and as edibles. The following are the other vegetable foods from which •Morrill derived a considerable portion of hid sustenance. The Barkabalh, or botanically Barringtonla Oareya, Roxb., occasionally locally denominated the broad-leaved apple tree, very common in our rich alluvial soil, bearing a bind some pink and white flower; the frutt is full of eeed, and tasting not unlike p dry banana. According to Morrill the bark of the stem of the Barkabalh f» used by the natives for stnpifying fish in fresh water ; and, strange, to say, the. bark of the root for the same purpose in salt water. The Kaourou, or /Nympfeaea gigantea. Hook—the well-Known blue' waterldty, common in our lagoons—to another edible plant, its seed and root forming an Important item of aboriginal diet, in addition to another aquatic .plant termed the Kournatoal—may foe a Trig lodnla (?>—with a yellow flower, and1 a Wounras at Wiuoa's Bur, Coax. (Photo.* bjKtgrs. BOBFACB WOBES AT WiLSON'g RBBV MIMB, CoBN. [Photo, by K«ji. PsnuMtUD Mioranonr *x Whjkk?« Bnr, Gent.- -- . root considered ac a great delicacy. The Kalado, or Phascolus Tostratus, is one of our small creeping leguminous plants, with three narrow, long, sharp- pointed leaves upon a common stalk, bearing a flower not unlike our cultivated tea, and root compared by Morrill to our carrot, growing abundantly in every plain, or creek bank, and constituting a promin ent feature of native gastronomy. The Boganga, or Nargan,-is probably Cala dium macrorhizon (?), Vent., colonially known, as the Creek Lily, with a large poisonous root, employed as native food, after a peculiar preparation, too long for present explanation. The Ulorin of Morrill is a small egg-shaped slightly acidulated fruit of the €ar'jsj« ovata of R. Br., and with the previously mep tioned rfargado, palm-nut (or Cycas me dia), the (Taberio, Leichhardt tree' (or Nouclea Lelehhardtil, Pd. Mueller); the native plum (Owenla ceratsefera.ip.M.), the large pomegranate fruit (Cappdris MltcheliiV'the Pink Lily (or Kelumblum Leiehha-rdte), two species of yam (Dico raee and the Morgogaba), native 'banana (or >Musa Jackii), very abundant round ■Mount and, according to Morrill, extending ?ar Inland; constitute tile catalogue ot "plants' It has been possible to Identify. But at the same time, to assist botanical research in the com paratively unknown north-eastern flora, the aboriginal names of several other plants are appended, including Kanoul, Kanane, Boan. Malbon, and Mogondal, whose roots or bulbs were employed by the natives as food." Although so far as James Murrells's experience went he never saw coeosi niits growing; yet he said he had some times seen them on the shore. There is plenty of honey in the hollows of trees, from the native- honey-bees. The na tives eat honey, combs, bees and all, if they are hungry. There is plenty of food of various kinds obtainable : can nibalism is not a usual custom, but un der particular circumstances is certainly indulged in. For instance, they eat the flesh of young men killed In battle, or if killed "by accident; also of young wo men and children, 'but never that of their enemies. They cut their flesh up in strips, dry it, and distribute the pieces through the tribe, by doing which they think they obtain some of their enemies 1 strength added to their own, and that they will be lucky in hunting and fishing. These aboriginals have no written lan guage whatever, and very little tradi tional lore. The language is very gut tural, and extremely limited in power of expression. They have very limited means of communicating a knowledge of their language, which is done princi pally by Imitation, memory, and the ne cessities arising from their daily wants. The different animals are classified ac cording-to the size/of their feet; hence sheep have the same name as wallabies ("cargoon") ; all kinds of sailing vessels , frftte the same name as their canoes, be caQ% they float on the water ("wool goora"). The heavenly todies are named differently, the sun ("login.") "' they think is a body of flre, because of . its warmth, and especially so since they saw a rag set on flre wth a burnng glass., The moon (" wertioonburra") they think.-; is a human being like themselves, aijd/< comes down on-the earth, and wWsjfri they sometimes meet with when on j their fishing excursion*. They say ohe-j tribe, a long way off, throws it tip, and ' it gradually rises and then comes down ' again, when another tribe catches it to : ea"y.e it from hurting itself. They at- \ cortflngly think there is a new sun and ; moon each day and night. There ia a large open space on 'Mount Elliott with not a vJesttge of vegetation upon, it, whilst up to Its ..very margin is a thick scrub^,which they told Afurf ells they at- ■ tributes to, the moon, who threw his cijy j cle-atick around K {meaning hie boomer? ' ang), and thereby catting off from thAt spot all vegetation. Throwing the «m 5 and moon up by one tribe, and catching them by another will readily toe recog nised as their understanding of the re gular rising and setting of those •bodies. They have no knowledge of the earth beyond the locality they inhabit. The stars and comets are both named . alike (" nilgoolerbudda"). They think the falling stars Indicate the direction of danger, and that comets are the ghosts or spirits of some of their tribe . who have been killed at a distance from them, working their wtfy back again, and that they come down from the clouds on-the coast. They saw one the last dry season previous to 'Murrells's restoration, which they thought was one of the tribe who had been killed in war. They think all the heavenly 'bodies are under their control; that when there is an eclipse of the sun or moon some natives are hiding them behind a sheet of bark to frighten the rest There was about six years before Murrells's re storation an eclipse of tne sun, nearly total, the only one he remembered see ing, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He asked an old man. what it meant, and he told 'him his son had hidden It (the sun) to frighten another member of his tribe. But they were very uneasy dur ing the time of an eclipse. They picked up a piece of grass and bit It, making a mumbling noise, keeping their eyes steadily fixed on the obscured sun till the eclipse had passed over, when they became easy again. They think the na tives have power over the rain (" dur gun"), to make it come and go as they like. The rainbow ( v terebare"), they think, to the clouds spewing fish in the lagoons, also roots on the Wlls—some thing for their good—wherever the end* touch the horizon. They are very fright ened of thunder ("teegoora"), and light ning (" timulba"), although Murrells never knew an instance of any 'harm be ing done by lightning. They (have no theory of the origin of species—they live and die like animals, and that is the sum of their knowledge, although they have the usual innate fear of death; and they have some idea that after death they will arise as whitefellow*. The previous reference aAjfe to the ghosts or' spirits of their departed friends being associated with comets points to ati %n \--defined hereafter, bufcttte knowled«H>r any future is nearly -obliterated. Tfcey tell of their forefatfceps wlbiewißHg' ¥ general flood, when Jjiearly alt were drowned ; only those-^who got on a f cry high mountain (BifeMrtngda), wWcb is inland of the north >af of Cape Oleyje land, were saved. -HurreHs naturally associated their statement wittujthe Scriptural account of,the flood, esnedal..' ly as Utiey said only-a few were aa^ed ; to go up. .• • '^(i' 4- >:■■. . /• T*r: (To be coli^iuded^ - * Nahuh'i Expicrnoii. ' vfaart, nproduoafl from.tfc* "illnstatted London New*," ihonn the iMtmtpoint to tk»atom*btd bjrpr. Hund «a ik sw*nt nptdStion. Mm. M'Kirui, Wire or ths Pb*bidbkt-»mot of tm United Statm.—Bee <Vl*die** Pag*' 1, 