FALSE EVIDENCE Dr E. ParLLrsr On'PREasmr. Author of "A Monk of Crmta," "A Daughter of the ]'aroni," etc. pblitshed by special arrangement with Messrs Ward Lock' Bowrden, LId. [ALL R?iH'S REOOOVEDI .- - CHAPTER XXXIT. THE BRIGoAh S' HOME. It was a strange, wild, magnificent spot. A deep gorge running inland: from the sea only avoided cutting into the precipice which we were carsflly-avoiding, by a strip of turf a few yards wide, along which we passed, and by whloh alone access could be obtained to our destinatlen. It curled in a silgsag posituon, sometimes wider, esome tines narrower, towards a lowe promontory fronting the sea-for the gorge seemed to take a complete circle, As we neared this bill [could see that It was a far more fertile one then most of the country around. Up one side stretched a vineyard, and little knolls of olive and cypress trees were dotted about on the soa mit, which seemsed eno'osed by a thick hedge of wild aloes. A keen, piercing whistle greeted ocr approach, to which my father at once replied. Then there was silence. We climbed right up the side and passed over the summit of -the hill without seeing a sign of any human being or habitation. 'I looked at my father inquiringly, but he only smiled. ,"Follow me carefully, Hugh," he said. walking on as though' to descend the pro montory on the other side. I did so, along a winding, narrow path cevered with loose stones, until suddenly, as we reached a sharp comer, I came to a standstill, and could not repress a cry of admiration, Just below was a wide, natural plateau jutting out, until it seemed to stand sheer over the violet sea, and around It at regular dise tsnces, close to the side of the hill, and overhung by a luxurious outgrowing plants tion of cypress trees, were a number of rudely constructed brown tents. Lying about on the turf were several men dressed in a picturesque medley of brlght-hued garments, smelkng long cigarettes and drinking wine from horn cups. It reminded me of a scene from the Spanish Student, only it was far more beautliful A tall, dark man of swarthy complexion aad black eyes, but who -was far from ill. looking; came forward iangoidly to meet us. My father spoke to him rapidly apart for-a trnment or two, and then he turned towards 'Thin is- Monsieur JoaB, ugh, whose guest I am." hMonsles Joed took off" his feathered hat, and made me a swoeping bow... - ' The sonof my -frind, the Englishman is very welcome,"-,he- said, speaking .in Frenoh.- i'--You would wihb-to-rest, no doubt 1 If monsleur will seek his tent, I will order refreshments to be sent." We entered one of the curiously-shaped habltations, and I glanced wonderingly around. There was a small chest, a gun, a little pile of books, a bed of dried leaves and heath pressed together in a compaco form, which gave forth an aromatic, agree able smell,'and very little else. "Not much furniture, you see," my father remarked. , ,l'Now come outside again." A white cloth had been spread out on the turf, and wooden-dishes of olives, aloes, magnificent grapes, and some sort of dried meat had-been arranged' on it. Two long neoked bottles of wine and a ooupte of horn mugs were also' brought, and then the man who had been making these preparations bowed lomsily and withdrew, I flnng myself on the turf by my father's aide, and, for the first time for many years, we ate and drank together. Afterwards we lii long. paper cigarettes, of whioh there seemed to be no lack, and I stretched my. self out with a sense of dreamy satisfaction. The warm, balmy air, heavily laden with the exquisite perfume of wild flowers and the odorous scent of the vineyard, seemed to lull my senses into a sweet, satisfied stupor, and for hours we both lay there, scarcely exchanging half a dozen sentences. "Father," I said suddenly, "a man might be happy here." He sighed. "It would not be impos. slble," he assented. I thought of London at night, with its endless whirl of excitement and hurry; its flaming gaslights, its heated theatres, its hurrying, eager orowdes, and Its hideous vice, and I drew a deep, satisfied breath. "One is happiest out- of the world, I thin', after all. How could any man be miserable in a sace like this 2" My father smiled sadly. "A certain amount of philosophy is necessary to appreciate solitude," he said "You are too young to have imbibed it, You would be longing to be back in the world again before long." I sh3ok my head. "Not I. There is nothing in England to compare with this. As for London, the little time I spent there seems like a bad dream. To live in a great city seems to me the greatest mistake a man can make. All the town people I met were artificial in their manners, and in their nature too, I believe, Ts straggle for existence seems to stunt them, and to check their development." "Yet contact with one another sharpens thir wits and energy," my father re. toked. "i doubt whether it. improves them nrally,' I answered, "But perhaps I am Piejoilded, I hate towns, and I love the cunnty." "Monsieur is very wise." I turned my head, and saw MIonaeler Ja's tall figure standing out against lhe dry,. "Monstear slevery- wise," he repeated. "I, too; have lived in towns, but I love bes5t the ounatry, else' I should not be here. ttonlieur 2s young to-have attained to so umoh alsdom. - Ilaughed. "Isn't it a matter of tasto athsr than amatterof wisdom ?'! I remarr ed. He bshrugged hisshoaulders, and leaned forwrd on the long gun, which he was asnying,. " Va monsieur's permission," he said, "Imii tell him a snort story. It is my arw-tn "Delighted," I murmured, lighting a hrh cigarette, and my father gravely bowed his head. "I was born and brought up in the country," Monaleur. Joel commenced, "in a small village, abone fifty miles south of Paris. When I was aixteen years old my father and mother both died, and I was left alone in the world, in possession of a small farm. I had to work bard, but I loved the place, and I was able to make a good living. I was happy enough, too, atil Marle Martenil came to live in our village, ano I fell in .ove with her. I trust Mbnateur will never know what it is to be in love with a heartless ocquetto I It was my lit, and a miserable lot it was I One day she would single me out from all the rest and talk to me only, and at another she would cnarcely speak to me at all. It was Paris which had done it. Before she went up there to stay with an aunt for a while, she was as quiet, and simple, and as sweet as ever a maiden could be, but when she re turned she was, as I say, a confirmed cqluette. I bore patiently all her vagaries, and pu up with all her sauoy speeches. for more than a year. Then, when I asked her to marry me, she laughed In my face. What, marry a little country farmer I Not ae. She would marry no one, she said, who did not lire in Paris, or who could not take her there. If I could do that she uoll have me. " Wall Isold the farm on whclah I was born, every field of which I loved, and with Slight heart went up to Paris. They call Paris a gay city I I found it a cruel one ! I had no ides how to set abut making a li4ng th.re, and gradnally my little stoo. of money dwindled away untti it Was nearly l gone. But I wgaid sucoced, I swore, for was not Marie waiting for mae At last, in despair, I turned blacksmith; 1 worked night and day until my heeks lost their colour, and I began to stoop, But I got on very well, and at last I got a forge for my self and took a little house and furnished it. Then I went down to my old home, happy and exultant, to fetch Marle. I went to her house and saw her, but when I would have embraced her she drew back as though he had forgotten me. I was pained, but I thought she was playing with me, and I commenoed to tell her my story, and all that I had done, and how I had worked for her sake, and about the house I had furnished. And when I had told her everything, what do you think she did I She burst out laughing in my face. 'The idea of marrying a blacksmith I' she ex olaimed, tossing her pretty head 'It was ridloulous' Besides, she had changed her mind about living in Paris, I had better get some one else to go and live with me in the house I had furnished; and when I commenood to plead to her, she shut the door in my face. Next week she was married to the man to whom I had sold ny farm. Dos Monsiaeur wonder that I, too, detest the cities, and love best the conntry t" I looked up at him sympathisingly, for though he had told his story lightly, there was a deep vein of sadness underlying his assumed manner, and his dark eyes had a sorrowful look. " Perhaps it was as well for you that you didn't marry her," I remarked. "She mnust have been a heartless coquette." He shrugged his shoulders. " If our love came from our head, that would be very good consolation. I wish messieurs a very good-night." he added, bowing. Then he turned somewhat abruptly upon his heel and walked away to his tent. One by one the men around us left the central group and. curling the nselves up in their cloaks. threw themselves down to sleep -some inside their tents, some on the threshold, and others whore they had been sitting. The golden moon had risen high above the gleaming, sparkling surface of the still sea, and shone-down upon the strange little scene with a full, oft light. I looked round at the slumbering forms of the brig ands in the fantastic dress, and at the dark cypress trees which stood out in strange shapes against the clear, star- bespangled sky. I watched the fire-flies around the loe hedge, until my eyes ached with follow log their erratio course. Then I thought of bland-wondering whether she was at that moment dancing with Lord Annerley in come heated London ball-room, wondered whether she ever thought of me, whether she knew that I loved her I And then I closed my eyes and the sweet. intoxicating perfume which floated about on the heavy southern air lulled me to sleep. CHAPTER XXXIII. AT PALERMaO. For a whole week I shared my father's abode in company with this band of robbers, and then, finding me indrmitable in my deterniInatlon to remain with him, he made another' propositlon. Such a retreat and noah company as we were amongst was all very well for him: an outcast from the world; but for me it was different. H. did not like the thought of my dwelling amongst proscribed men; there was no neceessity for it. At first I laughed at him. Monsieur JoEd and I were the best of friends, and though with the other men, I could not ex change even a casual remark, for their only language was a vile, unintelligible patois; they were all civil enough, and seemed die. posed to be friendly. The wild, open life sluted me exactly, especially in the mood In which I then was, and I had no wish to change it for any more luxurious method of living. But as my father seemed to have made up his mind upon the matter, I, of course, had little to say about it. We did not have much diffionulty in find ing a suitable abode. At the foot of the wild gorge which gives acooess to the eountains amongst whioh the convent of Sin Martino, and the Cathedral of Monreale lie hidden, we came across a tumble-down half-ruined, grey villa, of which several of the rooms were fairly habitable. We took it from its owner, a neighbouring farmer, for a sum which seemed to us ridiculonesly low. Then, from the little village of Bocca di Falco. we engaged, for wages little above their keep, a man and woman, and with the remainder of the furniture which was in the place, and a very few additions from Palermo, we were fairly set up in house kee log. I am quite sure that that period was not altogether an unhappy one for my father and, for my part, I found it very far from soch. The complete novelty of our sur ronndings and manner of life was full of in erest to me, and it was with the keenest pleasure, too, that I watched the colour come slowly back to my father's checks and his limbs regain their old elasticity and vlgour. He could not conceal the change which my coming had brought into his life, and he did not attempt to. Many a time did I feel devoutly thankful that I had held to and carried out my purpose.. Oar lie was simple enough, but pleasant. Sometimes we spent the whole day trying to shoot the only bird there was to shoot a sort of wild duk ; at others we took long wales, exploring the coast scenery, and frequently winding up with a visit to our robber friends. Antiquities or sight-seeing we neither of us cared much about, but we paid together more than one visit to the palatial Convent of San Martino and to the cathedral of Monroale. Other places of Interest we avoided, for my father had lost none of his old dread of meeting any of his fellow-countrymen, although, as I more than once pointed out to him, the probabili ties of their ever having heard his story were very far removed. Sometimes we rode on mules across the rich intervenlong plain into Palermo, and mingled with the little crowd of priests and soldiers in the craf, and went down to the Casino to glance through the papers. It was I who read these, however, for my father carefully avoided them, and perhaps It was as well that he did, for more often than not there was some mention of Rupert Devereox's name, either presiding at a meeting or heading a subscription liha, or as one of the committee interested in some great philanthropic work. It could not have been pleasant for him to have read such items of news as this, and I was thank fal that he chose never to read English Papers. And so our life passed on for more than a year, not at all npleasantly for either of us. My father, in his previous state of complete solitude, had developed a taste for profound reading, and seemed to find muob pleasure in stndying abstruse works on Buddhism, the creed of the Mahometans, the Confucian teaching, the religion of the Brahmins and the Fatihaists, and the strange, fascinating doctrine of quietism held by so many of the nations of the East. It was a taste which I never pretended to share, the only one of onr joint interests in which the other did not participate. I feared it, althoughin my ignorance I could do nothing to check it. I had dim ideas that to a man ciroumstanced as my father was, ouch study must develop any secret leanings towards fitalism. and it was a doctrine which he would have many excuses for embracing. Bat I was too ignorant to argue with him, so I oentented myself with keeping him from his boosa always in the daytime and often in the evening; for we had improvised in one of the empty rooms a sort of billiard table, on which, I am convinced, we executed some of the most extraordinary strokes that a marker ever gazed upon. Then, too, we played ohess often, and I tried, by every means in my power, to keep him from turning bookworm. And, on the whole, I was not dissatisfied with my suooess, CHAPTER XXXIV. VISITORS FROM ROME. It was one of those even zg l which, to any one acquainted only w ta our English alimate, seems like a foretaste of paradire, Ssat before a t tn mable table tta oe of .he open-str cafcs at the P e d of the Marina, tIening idly to the mouio of the band only a few yards off, and gesing over the peacefel, glistening mea which stretched away in front. There were many people passing backwards and forwards, but my thoughts were far away, and I took notice of none of them. With my head resting upon my arm, and my arm upon the low balustrade, I had fallen into a semi-somnolent slumber of thought, and the foces of the people who longed by chattering and laughing I saw only as figures in a dream. Hy cigarette even had burned out between my lips, and the coffee whioh stood by my side I had not tasted: The roadway was completely blocked with the carriages of the Palermitan nobility and elite, and the promenade was thronged with a heterogenons stream of fishermen and natives and visitors. All Palermo flooks on to the Marina at nightfall-as who would not ?-to hear the band and breathe in the freshness of the sea, and with other objects very similar to those which attract promen adere on the esplanades of English watering places at a similar hour. Often I had amused myself by watching them, and looking out for English visitors; but to night, early in the evening, I had seen a Sicilian eounteae who reminded me slightly of Meand, and my thoughts had flashed back to Devereux, and remained there, heedless of my efforts to recall them, hovering around one fair face, which sometimes I feared was more to me than anything else in the world, What should recall them but the glad, amazed greeting of an English voioe I I sprang to my feet, and before me. her face radiant with pleasure, and her little hand stretched out eagerly, etoid Lady Olive. " Of all the strange meetings I ever heard of, Mr Arbhuthnot, this is the most extra ordinary I " she exclaimed. " It quite takes my breath away I " I held her hand in mine forgetful of what I was doing-amazed and admiring. A warm climate evidently suited Lady 0 ive. fIr I had never seen her look so charming as she did then in her airy muelin dress which flated gracefully around her alight figure, with a great bunch of light-oolored violets in the bosom of her gown, and with a decided tinge of coleur and delighted sparkle in her eyes. "Mr Arbuthnot, am I a ghost that you look at me so without speaking ? And yon really must let go my hand, please." I dropped it at once. '" Lady Olive," I exclaimed, "I never met any one whom I was so pleased to see! Whatever stroke of good fortune brought you to Sicily ?" "This," she laughed, laying her arm within that of the tall, bearded gentleman who stood wondering at her side. "Papa, this is Mr Arbhthnot. Mr Arbuthnot, my f.ther, L'rd Parkhurst." He held out his hand cordially. "Very glad to meet you, Mr Arbuthnot. I have heard my daughter speak of you often." We were blocking up the crowded pro menade. and so we all three turned and walked leisurely along amongst the others. In a few minutes I had heard that Lord Parkhurst had brought his daughter and some other friends here from Rome in his yacht, and they were uncertain as to their stay. And in return I had told them that I was living with my father for a while close to Palermo. Presently we came up with the remainder ef the party, and Lord Parkhnrst, leaving his daughter in my charge, j ined them. A tall, good-humoured.looking boy strolled up to us, looking at me questioningly. Lady Olive introduced me to her brother, who came over to my side, and seemed disposed to stay with no. "Now, we're not going to have yon, Frank," Lady Olive declared, laughing. Mr Arbuthnot and I are old friends, and we have a lot to talk about. Go and take care of Ciessy, do ! " He laughed good-humouredly, and then, nodding to me, strolled off with his hands in hie pockets. Lady Olive rested her little hand upon my arm' for a moment, and then guided me down towards the winter garden, where the throng was less dense. There we found a low aeat, and eat down with our faces towards the seg, and our backs to the ever.increasing crowd, the murmur of whose conversation reached us in an incessant sebdued hum. "And now, Mr Arbuthnot, tell me all the news, please; I want to know every thing about yourself." exclaimed Lady Olive, making herself comfortable. " Quick, please; we haven't more than half an hour before someone will be looking for me." " Half a minute will suffice to tell you my news," I answered, and I told her the little that had happened to me since Marian's marriage. Told her of my meeting with my father, and of our quiet life together. She listened with more than interest; and very enchanting she looked in the golden light which shone upon her upturned, piquant face, and in her dark, tender eyes which had almost tilled with compassionate tears when I had finished. For, after all, there was something and about my story. "I think it is so good of you, Mr-Mr Arbuthbnot, to give up your life, as you are doing, to your father," she said, softly. I laughed at the idea. "Give it upI It Is no sacrifice. I Like being with him ; asd life isn't at all un pleasant out here, I can tell you." " Isn't it a little dull?' she asked, hesitatingly. "I have not found it so," I told her. "Perhaps I should when she was gone," I added. She gave a mcoking laugh at me, and then suddenly became grave again. "Mr Arbuthnot, I wonder whether you will mind," she said, looking at me very earnestly, "but papa knows your real name and all about you. I couldn't help telling him, because I have thought about you so much. You are not angry ?" I smiled down at. her reassuringly. Angry? Why ehould I be? Instead, I must coalnf-as that I felt a decided glow of pleasure at her eager words. Tell me something about yourself now," I begged, " and some English news, if there is any." "English news I Well, old Sir Francls is moping worselthan ever since youleft; Mr Rupert Devereox has written the novel of the season; Mr Francis, from what I can hear is going to the bad; and MenFd-they say Mand is engaged to that little top, Lord Annerley. Is that enough news t" Yesa. it was quite enough I Something told me that she was watching for the effect of her words, and a sort of stubborn pride held my features rigid, and enabled me to answer lightly, and to put the words which I had heard away from me. We talked for a long time in low tones, excohanging reminiscences and speeches, my share of which I have often since repented. But to meet unexpeotedly a countrywoman, especially so charming as Lady Olive, in a strange country, when you have seen nothing hobut strange faces for many month,. in eufficalent excuse for a little more than cordiality oreeping into the oonversation. And then there was the infleence of the scene and of the night, an influence which no one can properly appreciate who does not know what the long summer nights of i Southern EMuope are like. Everything seemed steeped in a sort of languid, evanescent beauty. The dark mountains stretching out like giant sentinels into the lsilvery, glistening bay, the twinkling lights from the low, white houses, the softened strains of the band, the mucky air heavily laden with the mingled I perfume of the orange grove, the hyacinths, and the more aistant vineyards, and Lady Olive's beautiful dark eyes so close to mine, and flashing with snobh a I dangeronaly sweet light-all these seemed leagued together to stir my senses and my heart. If Lady Olive spoke in a lower tone and with a tenderer acaent than she need have done, was I to blame, knowing her to be a flirt, if I followed snlt F The wonder Sis that I forbore to answer the mute in vitation of her eyes, and press my lips against the archly tender, oval face, which more than once almost toauched mine. But for the thought that, gone from me for ever though she might be, Maud's kiss was the Slast upon my lips, assuredly I should have a yielded to the fascination of that moment. S Fewer and fewer became our words, mntil Sat last we ceased talking altogether, ead remained silent, drinking In the exquisite r enjoyment of our esrroundinogs At last Lady Olive rose reluotently, "Mr Arbuthnot, we must really go. They'll be coming to look' for us directly, and, really, if it hadn't been too ridioculous, people might almost imagine. that we'd been spooning, mightn't they " She blushed as she smoothed down the folds of her white dress, and waited whilst I lit a cigarette. Certainly, if people had entertained that very' ridiculous notion there would have been some exuonse for hem, for our hands had been very close to. getbher-very close indeed-and there was a soft light in Lady Olive's lustrous eyes, which, to any one who had not known that she was a flirt, and could command them at will, might have suggested love.making. Our ifetle-tfe, snch as it was,. was over for the present, at any rate, for we had scarcely gone a dozen yards when we came upon Lord Parkhurst, with Miss Cissy, who, I found out afterwards, was Lady Olive's youngest sister, and MIater Frank, and a tall, sandy-haired man, with bushy eyebrows and an intelligent forehead, whom Lord Parkhurst introduced to me as Mr Barton Leigb, We all walked up the promenade to gether, but presently Lord Parkhurst took an opportunity to draw me a little behind the others. "My dear fellow," he said, kindly, "my daughter told me all your sad history when she came to me from England. Do you know, I should like to know your father, Mr Devereux, very much. My cesuin was.in his regiment, and always swore that there was some thing wrong about that court-martial, Do you think that he would mind my calling on him ?" I hesitated, at a loss how to decide. "Well, well, let it be until you have asked him," Lord Parkhurst went on, good-humouredly, " We shall be here for a week or two, at any rate and I hope that we shall see a good deal of you. We thought of going to see the convent at San Martino to-morrow. Will you join us " "The convent of San Martino ?" I ex olaimed. ' Why, you will pass our house." "Indeed I Then we will look in and see your father on our way back, if he has no objection. You'll come in for an hour '" We had reached the entrance to the hotel, and Lady Olive was looking behind to see that I was following. But I shook my head. "I have a ely-mile ride over a rough country," I said, " and though the patience of mules is supposed to be inexhaustible, experience has taught me that that idea is a popular delusion. I've kept mine waiting four hours already, and I really must go." " If you must, thee," Lord Parkhurat said, holding out his hand, "where shall we see you to-morrow " " I 1 come and meet you if you'll tell me what time you'll start," They consulted and fixed upon an .hour. Then I shookt hands with Lady. Olive. and the .rest of the party, and walked back along the now nearly deserted Marina to the inn where I had left my mule. Jacko was a faithful beast and sure of foot. Bat he was slow, and by the time we had reached home It was past midnight. My lather was sitting up for me, poring over a musty old volume, which he laid down as I entered. "Hugh, my boy, I thought you were lost. Disgraceful hour, sir," he added, with a mild attempt at facetiousness. I laughed, and throwing my whip into a corner, poured myself out a cap of coffee. " Father, what do you think has happened?" I explained. "I have met some English friends in Palermo." "Who are they 7" he asked, nervousely. "Lord Parkhurst and his daughter, Lady Olive is a friend of Miss Deereoux's, and a very jolly little girl she is. My father nodded. "Glad you've been enjoying yourself," heo remarked. "I hope they are going to stay for a time. They'll be company for you." " And you, too, father," I added, quickly. " Lord Parkhurst wants to call and see you. He knows all about nus, and he seemed very anxious to make your acquaintance. Do you mind ?" My father considered some time before he answered. I could see that the idea half pleased him, although he could not quite make up his mind to break through his old habit. "I don't think I should mind much, Hugh," he said at last. " Bat there is no one else, is there 2" "Only a son, and two daughters. Lady Olive is quite as anxious to know you as her father. Oh ! and there's a fellow called Barton Leilgh." 'Barton Leigh I" repeated my father. "Burton Leigh I There is no man whom I should like to meet more if it's the same Burton Leigh who wrote this treatise on Modern Mahometanism," "Same fellow," I declared, without hesitation. "He looks beastly clever, and Lady Olive said that he'd lived for years in Egypt with a tribe of Arabs. Same fellow for certain." "How strange I When are they coming, Hugh 2" " To-morrow," I answered, invoking secret blessings on the head of Mr Burton Leigh. " They are coming this way to San Martino, and I was to let them know whether they might ealL' To be Continued.. 