THE LADIES. CHATTER. I chatter, chatter, as Igo.—TEXKTSOS. BONES AND BY-AND-BY. That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once. —HAMLET. " Human bones." The very words have a grim sound, and call up grim ideas. Emblems of death and dissolution, such relics of poor humanity speak of battlefield and charnel- house, bearing about with them always the motto painted ou the skull found in Stratford Churchyard— To-day for me, to-morrow death for you. Such skulls were, it seems, up to the time of the Reformation, often kept on the altar in Churches to remind people of the approach of death. Thoy must have taken life easily, those ancestors of ours, to need so much reminding. How the old preachers loved to dwell onthe ghastly gruesome side of death, to gloat over the poor lonely bones, and say, '' This man was full of hopes and fears and plans, of love and hate; he died; what use was all liis fret and strife?" They liked to think of "the grinning skull beneath the fairest face,"and say that "beauty was but skin-deep." A hateful, hurtful creed. Whenever I think of it I want to say Longfellow's " Psalm of Life" right through; but do not be afraid; I will not even observe that ^ Life is real; life is earnest. " It is not worth while," is a most dangerous sentiment, for women especially. Did you ever know a woman who "did not see the good" of auythiug involving a little exertion or self-denial who was any good herself in any way? I beg your pardon! You_see the force of example; here am I preaching. To return to the point I have been aiming at all along, the old, old saying that beauty is but skin-deep. We are beginning to doubt it as we become better acquainted with this bony frame of ours in lifa not death, and as we learn -to admire the beauty of absolute fitness these wonderful human bones lose their terror. In every paper and magazine we come across them, papers not usually illustrated coming out unexpectedly with half-tone blocks of dimly seen anatomy; and we are becoming so accustomed to them that if we saw in the datkness a sjiectral hand beckoning we would jnurmur " R ; intgen,"and look for needles, shot, or fractures. Have we not, like the ghosts in the poem, Spread thin hands To the spectral blaze. There is a wonderful charm about this "light that never was on sea or land"—till now. It is exciting to watch the progress of eucli a discovery. One only wonders what science and X rays will do next. Then, too, one thinks of the lives of patient labour that have gone to make the discovery possible. It reminds one of Olive Schreiner's "Mighty Hunter" and'the mountain of " Hard Facts," and how one man cut a few steps in the -cold, hard granite cliff and died; and another climbed up them and cut a few more, each rising higher by the work of one who had laboured and died before him, and in his turn dying, leaving others to use his work if they could, for some of the steps so painfully cut did not even help those who followed—they were cut in the wrong direction. It seems so sad; and yet I am not sure. Is it not grand to think that snme who seemed to fail had succeeded better that they knew? Would they not be glad to know that the work they had to lay down unfinished-had been taken up and completed. What will the world be like by- andrby? We may know more. Shall we be happier in the twentieth century that is so near? Some folks don't think so. Here is a by no means hopeful forecast from an article by Ouida on " The Ugliness of Modern Life":—'" "We hear nd nauseam of the gains of modern life, of what is called civilization. Does no one count its losses? Jt might be well todo so. It might act as a corrective to the inane self-worship which is at once the most illfounded and most irritating feature of the age. Perhaps other ages have in turn adored themselves in like manner, but there is not in history any record of it. Its prophets, heroes, sages, each age has either admired or execrated ; but I do not think any age has so admired itself as the present age, which has its prototype in William of Germany standingbctween two sandbanks and thinking himself greater than Alexander because his engineers have succeeded in cutting for him a ditch longer than usual. . . . Socialism, which has the future of the world in its hands, will probably be unable toabolish war, and will oertainly not care for beauty or seek to preserve it. The reconstruction of society which socialism contemplases will not be a state of thingsin which the beauty of either nature or art will be fowid or cherished. Collectivism must of necessity be, colourless; equality can afford none of those heights and depths, those lights and shades, which are the essential charm of life as of landscape." All this may be a little overstated, pn<? little truth in it? Do we love beamy as We should? We go for picnics certainly to the orettiest spots we can find, and' we tear up wild plants by the roots, and leave behind us, not footsteps on the eamds of time, but broken bottles and newspapers, which, useful as they are, do not enhanoe the beauty of the scene. We do not mean any harm, we simply do not think of consequences, how, by-and-by, if everybody does so, there will be no beauty left. Then, do we care enough for beauty in ,our homes? I do not agree with Ouida when she asserts that artistic surroundings are more valuable than the most elementary sanitation. For my. part I can't see why houses should not be at once healthy and beautiful, why those who can should' not build their homes with more thought of what is pleasant to the eye. In dress, too. If a few years ago any ona had suggested that women would willingly wear garments that they knew to be unbecoming no one would have believed it; now, if you urge the want of gracefulness of some costumes worn—we will say in cycling—your are told that that has nothing to do with it—suitability is the one thing to be considered. Now. I have seen some women who looked very nice on bicycles and soma who did not, and I do not believe in generalizing too rashly, but this is what "Ouida" says:— "If all feeling for grace and beauty were not extinguished in the mass of mankind at the actual moment, such a method of locomotion as cycling could never have found acceptance ; no man or woman with the slightest cesthetic sense could assume the ludicrous position necessary for it.' That is putting it rather strongly, certainly; perhaps tie writer has come across some specially ungainly riders. I honestly, earnestly hope that the loss of beauty is not on the jrane. The world is getting terribly matterof-fact. It is for woman to see that in the rush and hurry of modern life peaoe and beauty and grace are uot lost sight of, in our homes at least. It is a hopeful thing that so many beautiful colours and materials are in the shop window: How delightful one could make one's home if only fitness had to be considered? What lovely "dresses, too! But there must be method in one's madness even in shopping. Soon I hope to say something about it. By-the-way, I am glad to hear that Chatter" has met with a most kind welcome even in another colony, and that some of my " hints" have proved iissfuL I am going in for "economy" in all directions in my next, and would be glad to answer any questions through these columns. MAGFIE. 