LITERATURE. REVIEWS. "Mrs. Falchion," by Gilbert Parker. Mcthuen & Co., London, This is a very in teresting novel. A young doctor, after graduating with honours as a physician, had accepted a professional post in a College of Medicine in Canada. Wishing to see a littleof the world before commencing his duties, lie accepts the position of surgeon on board one of the great steamers running between England and Australia. It was on the return voyago at Colombo that Mrs. Falchion, a handsome and fashionably dressed woman, with her maid, joined the vessel, and here also a rather shabbily dressed man, but evidently a gentle man, comes on board, and takes up his quarters in that part of the ship reserved for intermediate passengers. The principal characters are firmly drawn, those of the heroine and the intermediate passenger being exceptionally good, and the many excit ing incidents thatsbappened on shipboard and afterwards in Canada are narrated in a mo3t graphic and readable manner. "The Principles of International Law," by T. J. Lawrence, M.A., LL.D. (Macmillan and Co., London and New York). In the preface we are told that "international law moy be regarded as a living organism, which grows with the growth of experience, and is shaped in the last resort by the ideas and aspirations current among civilized mankind." The book is divided into four parts. The first deals with the nature and history of inter national law, and the others set forth the. rules observed among States during peace, war, and neutrality. In Part III., which deals with the " Law of War," is the following passage;— " A war such as was waged in the autumn of 1893 by the armed forces of the British Bouth African Company against Lobengula, King of the Matabele, and his tribe, is indirectly a State Act, inasmuch as it is carried on by a Chartered Corporation under authority granted by the State. Whatever may lie thought of the policy of allowing private Associations to exercise many of the powers and prerogatives of sovereignty in their deal ings with barbarous races, it is clear that the international responsibility for their wars Wongs to the State which has delegated to them so many of its functions." At thebottom of nearly every page will bo found references, by the use of which teachers and students can amplify or correct the statements in the text, and men of affairs obtain the more detailed information they may want for practical purposes. At the end of the work, which con sists of nearly 650 pages, will be found a copiou.3 index, whilst the table of contents has been so arranged as to afford an analysis of the whole book, which may be described as a valuable compendium of one of the most im portant branches of political science. "Ir.T.riirNATtON," by Harold Frederic. This is a sufficiently well-written work to merit a detailed notice. Thereon Ware, a. young Methodist minister, comes into contact with various people and succumbs to the influence of each with an almost incredible facility. These people are Sister Soulsby, a professional revivalist ; Celia Maddorn, a convent-bred young beauty} Fattier Forbes, a well-read, gentlemanly Catholic priest; ana Dr. Ledsmar, a friend of the priest's and an epicure., "In l|ia intercourse with these people Brother Ware is oqufltantly being "illuminated,': as, he imagines, but is really being led by a will-of the-wisp into fathomless bogs. Sister Soulsby teacboB him the. "stagy" side of religion; Ccliais callod a Catholic, but avows herself a heathen. Father Forbes speaks of - the "Christ-myth;" and Dr. Ledsmar extends the mythical idea to all religions. These per sonages are cleverly contrasted with Ware's persbnal surroundings. His country-brpd wife he feels to be. insignificant after the brilliant Cclia or the astute Soulsby; lior tinkling on the piano, when she has one, ia worse than nothing in the remembrance of Celia's rendering of Chopin; the coarse mannored, brutally outspoken Chapel Trustees are as intolerable after the discourse of his Catholic friends as -the fried potatoes of his home are after the recherche dinners at the priest'shouse. Warebvorestimatosthe politeness shown him by these strangers and underrates the quiet goodness of his own wife. Celia, who is well characterized by the doctor, not only allows the poor mouse to play near her, but actively entices him, seemingly to enhance the delight of crushing him in due time with her ruthless paw. There is no particularly attractive character in the book, but our sympathies are most with Sister Soulsby, the "Becky Sharp," the woman with a shady past, but a hard-working, cheerful present Ware is ever turning an inviting face towards coming evil; Sister Soulsby resolutely turns her back upon the evil that is gone. The work leaves an unpleasant impression that there is only a seamy side to au religions, w nat we venture to think is needed is an "under-plot," both to relieve the drive of the story and to supply the missing aspect. A character might have been introduced not connected with any sect to show by his quiet, good deeds that there is a spirit of Christianity unaffected by criticism; a man whom errors in the Bible narrative would no moroinfluonco than freckles on bis wife's cheek. _ Frederic's book shows Christian sects as viewed from behind the Scones; we also want Christianity presented to us by one to whom there are no scenes. "His Giiack," by W. E, Norris. Methuen & Co., London. This pleasantly written book is devoid of any very startling situation. The story is told in the first person by Philip Martyn, the son of a once rich merchant who had died comparatively poor. Philip's uncle, who is a lawyer, takes him into his office, but Philip makes but little headway. So one morning his uncle informs liim that some men are born to bo lawyers and that sonic are born to be something else, but that he'd be hanged if lie could tell for what especial purpose Philip was created. So to avoid dismissal the would-be lawyer puts on his hat, having a mother in delicate and a pretty sister in robust health to look after. Philip is sorely distressed at the loss of his billet. Fortunately, at school, lie and Arthur Gaaooigne, who was heir to a Dukedom, had iKJCtimo fast friends. Arthur, who in the meantime hod succeeded to the title, accidentally meets Philip soon after leaving his uncle's office, and tbero and then engages hiru to manage his estates. The Duke, who is young, reckless, and ex travagant, but withal good-natured and win some, seldom visits his ancestral halls, so Philip induces his pretty sister Nora to keep him company, and riow wc are introduced to some delightfully complicated love- making. In picturing high and middle-class life Mr. Norris is unrivalled, and in this charming story ho is at his best. His Grace, His Grace's mother, and the eccentrically pious old Lady Doveroll are clever and amusing studies. Of late years tlio historical novel seems to he rapidly winning its way into public favour, and " In the Day of Adversity," by J. Bloun delle-Burton (Methuen & Co.), wo have one of the best examples. It deals with French life in the seventeenth century, and will compare favourably with the best works of that most successful historical novelist, Mr. Stanley Weymao. The exciting adventures of Ooorges St. Georges, the hero, are told in admirable style, his duel with ltaoul de Roquemauro, his rival, in which a rjrandc dame in a mask plays an important part, being perhaps the strongest scene in the book. "Life of Admiral Lord Cot, i.r ntc wood, ' by W. Clark Russell. The worldwide readers of Mr. Russell's inimitable sea stories will welcome this admirable biography of a great sea captain who rose to eminence, and of whom but little has been written. The author lias largely availed himself of Collingwood's letters, which are spirited and elegant produc tions, and which give one the impression that if he had not been one of the foremost naval commanders of his time he would have ranked high among the best writers of his age. Col lingwood was born in 1748 at Newcastle-on Tyne, and at the age of fifteen entered the navy as a volunteer. In 1775 he assisted at the battle , of Bunker's Hill in the American War of Independence, and was made a lieu tenant on the day of the battle. He used to say that he had never witnessed a fiercer struggle. We next find him in the West Indies, where he struck up a lifelong friend ship with Nelson. In the disastrous San .luan expedition the olimato killed 180 men out of the 200 in his ship's company. The subsequent engagements with the Spanish and French fleets, in which Collingwood distinguished himself, are graphically narrated. At Tra falgar his ship, the Royal Sovereign, was in action amidst a furious tire for twenty minutes before the nearest of the British ships was within gunshot. "See!" cried Nelson, view ing this magnificent exhibition of British pluck with the generous enthusiasm that was one of the finest qualities of his grand nature, "See how that noble fellow Collingwood takes his ship into action." Could the sailors dc= maud a more inspiriting example than the 8[>ectacle of Collingwood's line-of-battle ship alone in the thick of the enemy? Having sailed to within pistol-shot of the Santa Anna, the Royal Sovereign discharged a smashing •broadside into her, which, so the Spanish officers afterwards declared, killed and wounded some 400 of her crew and disabled fourteen of her guns. Probably there was not a more humane captain afloat, or one more sparing in, the use of the lash than Colling wood. A whole year would pass without a stripe having been ordered aboard his ship, and it was rarely that the number of lashes ex ceeded six. After a life spent in the service of his country, Collingwood, feeling his end approaching, surrendered his command to Rear-Admiral Martin on March 3, 1810, and was conveyed on board the Ville de Paris, which cleared the harbour of Port Mahon for England three days after. When lying below in his cot he was told that he was again at sea. Alight kindled in his eye, a momentary vigour of life possessed him, and addressing those who stood near, he exclaimed, "Then I may yet live to moet the French once more.' Colling wood died' ob the evening nfMaitob 7, 1810\. His body reached England about the middle of April, and wae buried in St. Paula Cathedral. To write the life of a great sailor, so heroic and unselfish as LordCollingwood must have been to Mr. Russell a congenial task, and no one can read the book without; being struck by the more than ordinary ability displayed by tno author. ' "English" Seamen," by Robert Southoy. This reprint deals with Lord Howard, George Clifford, Earl of Cumberland, Hawkins, Drake, and Thomas Cavendish. Sou they had engaged to compose a volume of naval history in bio graphical form, "not," so ho says, "for love, bat for lucre, though it will bo done lovingly when in hand." The volume grow into volumes when .the failure of Sou they's int-ollcct stopped bis share of the work. It is said that ho was ignorant of sea affairs, but he was per fectly well aware of his deficiencies, and knew also where to go for help. He had many naval officers among his acquaintance, and applied to them, to his brother, and to his friend, Admiral Burnoy, foP'assistance. When engaged upon his immortal " Life of Nelson" he wrote to his brother. Captain Thomas Soutliey, a letter containing a string of questions. He says, "I_do, indeed, know the binnacle from the mainmast, I know little more; tackle and sheets and tally and belay &re; alike tome. I walk among sea termB as a cat does in a china pantry, in Dodily fear of doing mischief and betraying myself." The admirable simplicity of Southey's prose writings is in the work before us shown to perfection. The life of Lord Howard contains a full account of the Armada. The Earl of Cumberland was an accomplished and adventurous noble. His life shows the character of the naval Warfare of the time ex ceptionally well. The most successful of the adventurers who followed in Drake's track was Cavendish, who was born to large pos sessions, which in a few years he consumed in extravagance. With the remnant of Ins for tune h(/built throe vessels ranging from 40 to 120 tons, victualled them for two years, and set out to plunder the Spaniards. Mr. David Hannay, in a very interesting introduction to the work, says:—"Writers on this, the most romantic period in the history of our adven tures at sea, have commonly found it difficult to avoid one of two kinds of 'excess. Some have condemned the generation of Drake and Hawkins as more slavers and pirates. These have been the smaller number, and in our times have fallen silent. ... Of late the tendency has been to go to the other extreme, and to maintain by implication, if not in so many words, that slavehunting and piracy were intrinsically very noble occupations when they had as their consequence the doing of a damage to the Spaniards or Portuguese." The adventures of those old sea-heroes read like an exciting romance, whilst the oapturp of the great foreign galleons richly laden with bars of sil vor and gold prove once more that there is nothing new under the sun—that there were Broken Hills and Great Boulders even in the days of Sir Francis Drake. Royae Academy Pictures.—Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son have sent us Part 5 of the Royal Academy Supplement to the Magazine of Art. Many beautiful pictures and choice pieces of statuary by leading painters and sculptors are admirably illustrated in this number, which also contains a letterpress critique, in which the late Exhibition is described as being well up to the average. The place of honour is given to Sir .John Millais's striking painting " A Forerunner," which has received the highest praise from the critics. Among the other pictures reproduced in miniature is a highly imaginative represen tation of "An Australian Bush Fire/' by Stanley Berkeley. The conflagration is ap parently travelling across a scrubby plain at a speed of ten or fifteen inilcs an hour, and rapidly gaining upon a number of despairing horsemen, who are vainly urging their terror stricken steeds to carry them out of reacli of the all-devouring flames. Anglican Yearbook,—We have received a copy of the "Yearbook of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide" for 1890. The volume, which consists of over 800 pages, gives a comprehensive account of the doings of Synod, the Church finances, and the personnel of the clergy, besides other clerical information. The " Wheelwoman."—Mr. A. II. Roberts; 131, King William-street, has sent us a copy of the first issue of the. Wheelwoman, a penny weekly journal for lady cyclists. The paper contains some interesting articles and a lot of cycling gossip profusely illustrated. The get up is wonderful for the price. Two Sixpenny Magazines.—Tho June number of the Windsor opens with the charm ingly illustrated "Queen Victoria's Great grandchildren," of whom the youngest is tho Czar of Russia's little daughter, born in November last. The Queen's descendants of the second, third, and fourth generations are to be found in most of the Royal houses of Europe, and keen is the interest that she takes in her twenty - two British, German, Roumanian, Greek, and Russian great- grandchildren., "Socialist Leaders of To-day," with portraits, is deeply in teresting. "Mr. Archdeacon," a complete story bv "John Strange Winter," keeps up the lady's reputation for wit and humour. "The Vulgarity of Super- refinement" is an article that may be profitably read by many. " Famous Organists" will interest those who 1 To Church repair. Not. for the doctrine, but the music tjiere, as Pope says. Guy Boothhy keeps up the in terest in "JDr. Nikola." The unique weekly Vaniti/ Fair and its famous cartoonists are described, and "The Editor's Scrap-book" is amusing as usual. Altogether it is an excel lent number. In Toien claims to be tho largest sixpenny magazine in the world. "A Cleo patra of the Boulevards", is lively reading, and so is "Great Cpesar's Ghost." There are a couple of serious articles, but on the whole it is in lighter vein than the Windsor, much of J the space being devoted to up- to-date society pictures, which are well executed. With In Town, for a companion a lazy hour can be passed very comforta,bly. 