AMONGST ;.CHURCHES. -4-C-- CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. THE service last Sunday morning was conducted bp the Rev. R. Murray,B.D. of theCecil street Presbyterian Church. The speaker took for his text Matthew v.20-" Except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousnessof Scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter the kingdom of Heaven," and remarked: -In that great discourse delivered on the mountain-top Christ laid down the qualifications' that were to dis tinguish the members of the New Kingdom which He came to found. He did so positively in the seven beatitudes in which he showed that true happiness existed altogether in dependent of the outward conditions of life, with which alone happiness is too often associated. " The blessed," said Christ, " were the poor in, spirit, the mourhful, the meek, the merciful, the pure in heart, the peaceable, the sufferers for righteousness sake." It is such he bids "rejoice,for theirs.is the Kingdom of God." Then more fully He ?shows 'the righteousness' of 'the members 'of the' kingdom' in contrast to that which .prevailed fat, the. time. "Except,"esaith He with. solemn em phasis, " your righteousness ' shall exceed the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees ye shall in no case enter the Kingdom of God." The religion of Christ is ditfferent from all others in this supreme'demiand of righteousness of life.' What we require as a church, as a community, asa nation is more of it.. "'We. should keep this fadt con: tinually before our'mind,'beaause when you see the petty strife between sect and sect,and creedand creed,you might think it was'of greater, importance. to God what' sort of belief a man lfeld than what'sort 'of life he lived Em. phasing miserable little points "of doctrine is a splendid 'ieans of foster ing bigotry and intolerance, but.it is apt to conceal. the real point at stisue, namely' what 'does Christ demahnd? He demands righteousness of life. What is righteousness of life,? ' It is thatlife which is the 'result' of thl three great Christian virtues-faith, hope, and love-and these are the gifts of the Holy Ghost. When' God givesa forgiven soul the gift of the Spirit, that Spirit begets the power of, faith, the power. of hope, the power of love';' and these inner powers workinpg ouit wardly- lead to, rigliteouiisl 'of. life.: There is?'a"dual' or 'dduble' principle running through the whole nature of man. Each, gift and grace, has an outward form and' an inner- priiciple,, just as we have aavisible body and an invisible soul. Wherever this double principle exists we have to be watchful lest they become separated and then' death ensues. When the soul becomies separated from the body' we say death' has come. And so faith, hope, love have an outward form-righteousness and an inner life from which that comes -and if they become separated, death is the result. Take the love between husband and wife.' ' That love has an inner life in the heart, and is seen in outward form in the kindness, attention and thoughtfulness for the object loved. But if the husband lose faith in the wife, his love becomes dead. For the sake 'of his familyhe a may still keep up the outward form of attezitioi to her, but all the same his love is dead. Now when wecherishanysin,the Spiritof God departs from us,and we may still cling to our oldfaith and go through thefoi??h' of waio?shipping God, but all the time it is a mere empty profession. So it may be with hope and so with love. And we can see that the righteousness which would be the result of such, would be a mere empty righteousness, a hollow shell from which the life had righteousness of .the' Levites and Pharisees. It was an outward righteousness. In outward form it was all right. They fasted and prayed and went daily to the temple; .they gave' tithes and alms. That was all right in form, but the inward principle was gone. They still cling, to theiriJold' faith, for had they .not Abraham for their Father, but they had no faith to keep them from offending .Abraham's God by a life of sin and impurity. They had hope, for did not they hope that the Kingdom would return to them,; but it was an empty hope, for they:,thought that .whatever lives they lived-'?'iattered riot;-sice:' God was bound to keep His promises to them, who were His chosen people. They read the letter of the word of God as if their very .life depended ,on it, and when. Christ, t|e living 'word "of God came, they rejected Him and crucified Rim. Thus you see how the outward form and inner life had become separated. Had the Pharisee been inwardly what he professed to be' out wardly, it-would have been all right. As it was it was all wrong, and in spite of all their so-called righteousness, Christ brands them with the most scathing words that ever fell from preacher's lips-" Woe unto you, Scribes and Phaiisees, hypocrites," and holds them up as a fearful warning to all generations.. Now to come to our selves. Christ expects that our righteousness shall exceed theirs. It is not a different form of righteousness He wants. Fasting, praying, tithes, almsgiving --all these Christ expects is our duty to Him, to our church and to our own souls. But these must be the outward sign of a heart centred in Christ." We can get i no6 credit fdr them if done merely for the respecta bility of the thing, merely because it is considered good form to do so, merely as a salve to our own consciences or a kind ofinsurance policy for heaven. Christ expects our outward and inward life to correspond-in a word, con sistency. He demands that our righteousness shall be the result of the power of faith, the power ofhope, the power of love animated by the Christ like spirit within us. If we were only completely emptied of self and full .of the indwelling spirit of Christ,IiHe would make our lives overflow with righteousness just as after' the rain the stream overflows its banks, gaining force and power and volume as it pro ceeds towards the ocean.' If our faith has become weak, if we have lost hope, if our love is cold, it means that the life of the soul has become dead. You re member, how of old when men surprised by.enemies cast a dead bodyi into :the tomb of the prophet.Elisha, and when he touched the bones of Elisha, he revived and stood on his feet a living man. And so let us bring our hearts anew to the living Christ to-day, and let Him but touch them with His spirit, His life, His love, then iwe shall be able to rise and stand as living souls; able by the power of faith, of hope,,of love, to live lives of righteousness as members of the Kingdom of God. Hospital Committee meeting on Tuesday evening. Discussion .upon Dr Maclean's complaint, and mutual explanatidons.accepted. No need to publish past trouble to the world. 