PEOPLE SAY' THAT rain is badly wanted and tanks are in a low condition. That if we don't soon get rain -we'll have to go down on our marrow-bones and pray for it. ^ , That it has been trying very hard to rain during the past few days,'but has evi dently forgotten how. That a water supply would prove a boon just at present, but we haven't got one, and that's just where the shoe pinches. That there was a "clean sheet" at the Bowral Police Court yesterday, and no drunks to toe the carpet during the week. That the press have to still be content with taking notes in. the prisoner's dock. That a good idea suggests^ itself, the press should have a "shilling in" and the winner shouts-a table. That the cycling mania has caught ,011' very strongly in Bowral. ,V" That two prominent'officials have been having preliminary; practices during the week, and will no doub't'Soon .enter;,the arena as full-fledged cyclists.- ; : . That the Station-street ghost,.is the latest gossip in town. That two men were going home late | one night and assert they sawan unearthly vision in the street named'.. ' * . That it was of indescribable form and feature, and when approached suddenly disappeared, as all supposed ghosts do. . That the council should refer this mat ter to the Inspector, of; Nuisances for special report. , , j That a number of men have watched 1 far the vision nightly,- and it is alleged j that the only spirit seen was that obtained at the Grand" to: give.- - them--" Dutch courage. That the Association cricket club is up to its old game-tall scores -have been the feature of.itsfirst three-victories-!);? ::T-. . " That Arch. Gomer-surprised'himself with his 159. score on -Monday. ; 1 . ,, ?, \- Tliat_Billy Heath can't be beat as an' enthusiastic.cricketen ' ! f-5 That surprise parties, have been the order of late^ and are recognised as' a cheap way of spending an ' evening, at. somebody else's inconvenience-. ' . That a party of young couples could be seen mysteriously wending their way . up Centennial Road last'evening,: and their' mission could be easily guessed, ;. That Station-street is beginning to 1 look respectable since the corporation" I labourers have taken- it in hand? . 1 That this street has been ? so hacked 1 about from time to-time that it is nearly 1 time it got a proper dressing1 up. That Bowral was tame,,monotonousy in., ; fact dead) on Eight-Hour ,Dayy ?' The only excitement!was a collision in the main-street between a ChinamanV cart and a suhty-. ' ; ' . That one of the occupants,of the sulky jumped for dear life and landed rather suddenly but yet very gracefully; on. the metal road. ? ' . '. That he forgot all about the shooting expedition he was going out on-., -'That sixteen visiting business men had. their.eye-on a Bowral business which is in the market one day during the week. , That strange to say there, wasn't a jew amongst the whole number. ! That, wind" arid dust' reigned supreme' yesterday. The thunderstorm.. was only a lick and a promise to the ground, u.-. : | That it is amusing to wdtcljj'^the I representatives'of business people* "rush" I the visitors for custom when the^ come to Bowral. . . : , . l That Dick : Meagher will occupy the t platform at the School of Arts on Monday 1 night next. j That if curiosity .ever killed anybody: some of our girls stand a big show.of being numbered amongst the dead when the great man of Dean fame comes to Bowral. . ? ? That nobody scarcely hears anything about the management of. the local School of Arts since the members ' of the fourth state were debarred from basking ' in the royal,presenceof the committee., That Bowral will soon be- minus of mechanics if the South African magnet, continues to draw much longer;- ' T?hat a type-'slinger from ' the; offipe; of j " Scroot" comes to Bowral every. Satur- f day to try and steal one of "our" girls, but he can't do it, you knowl 