JNHRNAirioNAc: sowing^ Sydney,May24. v A more miserably dishearfeningdayfor the Aquatic Intercolonial Championship .events oould hardly be imagined than yesterday. A strong southerly gale, accompanied by showers of sleet,"blew with great violence all the after noon, "and made the racing both hazardous and Unpleasant. The first event was the Champion Toura. - Three crews ranged themselves at the starting-point, the Brothers, the course being two and a quarter .miles .upon the Parra matta river. Great regret was expressed at the non-participation of Queensland in the event owing to the inability of that colony to i procure, a suitable boat in Sydney. Victoria put out a splendid crew, who it was thought would Jn fine weather hold the race in the palm, of their hand; but it was felt that probably the strong wind and choppy sea would give New Zealand an opportunity to snatch a .win under the,conditions, which were suited to the great weight and strength of the crew.^ New South Wales had practised together only during the week, and so it was felt that they had not the ghost of a show, and the surmises iu this direction proved, correct. The race was started half an hour late, New Zealand being on the northern shore, New South Wales in the middle, and Victoria on the southern shore, the last named gaining a material advantage from its position. They got well away, victoria striking 45 to the minute, New South Wales 43, and New Zealand 44. They then got in the wash of the ferry steamer, but Victoria began to forge ahead and at Abbotsford led New Zealand by half a length and New South Wales by a length. Approaching Gladesvill© the force of the wind began to be felt,-and NewZealaud made up a little lost ground. , The wind drove the two crews towards the wharf, and New Zealand held up a hand in protest as the boats touched each other. Ihe protest, however, was not sus tained. The rough wafer troubled the crews across Chicken Bay, and the Victorians showed a tendency to roam. New Zealand pressed them hard hero, but Slowan called upon his men and they increased their lead to a length. The New Zealanders hero began to show signs of distress, two and three especially losing strength. They, how ever, kept on manfully, but victoria, with the race well in hand, just kept their lead of a length till the winning-post was passed three lengths ahead, New South Wales being ton lengths in the rear of New Zealand. Time, 12 min. 32; see. The sculling championship resulted as fol lows :— M. J. Slack, 11. st, 10 lb. (Queensland) ... 1 J. L. Bannister, 12 st. (N.S.W.) 2 H. McCormick, 12 st. 3 lb 3 E. Powell, 11 st. 10 lb. (Victoria) 4 The draw for positions resulted in Slack getting the .northern shore post, Bannister, Po.welT, and McCormick being ranged across the stream in the order named towards the southern side. The start was made at 5 o'clock in semi-darkness, and with a wild gale blow ing. The men at once headed for the shelter of the southern shore. Powell led for a short distance, with Bannister a»d_ Slack a length away, and McCormick well iu the rear. In Hen and Chicken Bay Bannister and Slack took greater liberties with the rough water than their rivals, and so got a lead of three lengths. Slack led by a length past Gladesviilo, where the violence of the gale quite disconcerted Powell, who, rowing with the utmost caution, was passed by McCor mick. Bannister and Slack kept on and battled to Blacklands, where Slack assumed the lead and won comfortably by 4 lengths from Bannister and 200 yards from McCormick. Powell did not finish. Time, 23 min. 44 see. Slack was the favourite, evens being laid about him, C to 4 being taken about Bannister. 