WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER, BY MISS BRADDON. OHAPTER III.— (Continued.) "It is the manner of death she would have cliosen," ivroto Hyacinth. "She never missed confession on the first Sunday of the month; and she was so generous to the Church and to the poor that her director declared she would have been too saintly for earth but for the human weak- ness of lilting fine company. Ana now, ueaicst, I have to tell you how she has disposed of her fortune; and I hoiie if you should think she has not used you generously, you will do mc the jus tice to believe that I have neither courted her for her wealth nor influenced her to my dear sister's disadvantage. You will consider, tres chere, that I was with her from my eighth year until the other day when Fareham brought mo to England. She loved me passionately in my childhood, and has often told me since that she never felt towards me as a grandmother, but as if she had been actually mv mother, being indeed still a young woman when she adopted me, and by strangers always mistaken for my mother. She was handsome to the last, and young in mind and in habits long after youth had left her. I was said to be the Image of what she. was when she rivalled Madame de Chevreuse in the affections or tho late king. You must consider, sweetheart, that he was the most moral of men, and that with him love meant a passion as free from sensual taint as the pre ferences of a sylph. I think my good grand mother loved me all the better for this fancied resemblance. She would arrange her jewels about my hair and bosom, as she had worn them when Buckingliaiii came wooing for his master; and then she would bid her page hold -a mirror before me and toll mo to look at the face of which Queen Anne had been jealous, and for which Cinq Mars had run mad. And then she would shed a tear or two over the years, and the charms that were gone, till I brought the cards and cheered her spirits with her favorite game of Primero. "Sho had her fits of temper and little tantrums sometimes, Auge, and it needed some patience to restrain one's tongue from Insolence; but I am nappy to remeinuer iuul a e.ui uu . uw ... found respect, nnd tbat I never made her seriously angry but once — 1which was when I, being then almost a child, went out into the streets of Paris with Henri do Mailort and a wild party, masked to hear Beaufort address the populace in the market-place, and when I was so unlucky as to lose the emerald cross given her by the great cardinal, for whom I believe she had a sneaking kindness. Why else should she have so hated his eminence's very particular friend, Madame de Combalet? "But to return 16 that which concerns my dear Bister. Regarding me as her own daughter, tlio Marquise lias lavished her bounties upon me al most to the exclusion of my own sweet Angela. In a word, dearest, she leaves you a modest in come of four hundred louis — or about three hun dred pounds sterling — tho rental of two farms in Normandy; and all tho rest of her fortune she bequeaths to mc, and Papillon after me, including her house in tho Marais — sadly out of fashion now that everybody of consequonco is moving to tho Plaeo Royalo — and her chateau near Dieppe, be sides nil her jewels, many of which I have had in my possession over since my marriage. My sweet sister shall take her choice of a carcanot among those old-fashioned trinkets. And now, dearest, if you are left with a pittance that will but serve to pay for your gloves and fans at tho Middle Ex change, and perhaps to buy you an Indian night gown in the course of tho year— for your court petticoats and mantuns will cost three times as much— you have hut to remember that my purse is to bo yours, and my home yours, and that Farehara and I do but wait to welcome you cither to Fareham House, in the Strand, or to Chilton Abbey, near Oxford. The Grange near Fareham I never Intend to re-enter if I can help it. The place is a warren of rats, which tho servants take for ghosts. If you love a river you will lovo ouf houses, for the Thames runs near them both; in deed, when in London, we almost think ourselves in Venice, save that we have a spacious garden, which I am told few of tho Venetians can com mand, their city being built upon an assemblage of miniscuio islets, linkod together by innumerable bridges." Angola smiled as sho looked down at her black gown— tho week-day uniform of her convent school, exchanged for a somewhat superior grey stuff on Sundays and holidays— milled at the notion of spending the rent of two farms upon her toilet. And 'how much moro ridiculous seemed the assertion that to appear at King Charles's court she must spend thrice as much. Yet sho could but remember that Hyacinth had described trains and petticoats so loaded with jewelled embroi dery that It was a penance to wear them — laces worth hundreds of pounds — plumed hats that cost as much as a year's maintenance in tho convent. Mother Anastasia expressed considerable die- pleasure at Madame de Montrond's disposal of her wealth. "This is what It is to llvo in a court, and to care only for earthly things!" she said. "All sense of justice is lost in that world of vanity and self-love, lou are as near akin to mo mar quise as your sister; and yet, because she was familiar with the one and not with the other — and because her vain, foolish soul took pleasure in a beauty that recalled her own perishable charms, she leaves one sister a groat fortune and the other a pittance!" "Dear aunt, i am more than 'content " "But I am not content for you, Angola. Had the estato been divided equally, you might have taken the veil, and succeeded to my place In this beloved house, which needs tihe accession of wealth to maintain It in usefulness and dignity." Angela would not wound her aunt's feelings by ono word of disparagement of tlio house In which 3ho had been reared; but, looking along tho dim nvenuo of tho future, she yearned for some wider horizon than the sky, barred with tall poplars, that rose high above tho garden wall, that formed tho limit of her daily walks. I-Ior rambles, her recreations, had all been confined within that space of seven or -eight acres, and sho thought sometimes with a sudden longing of those hills and valleys of fertile Buckinghamshire, which lay so far back in the dawn , of her mind, and wcro yet so distinctly pictured in linr memory. And London — that wonderful city of which lior sister wroto in such glowing words! tho long rango of palaces beside tho swift-flowing river, wider than the Seine, where tt reflects the gloomy bulk of the Louvre and tho Temple! Were it only once in her life, she would like to see London — tho King, tho two Queens, Whitehall, Somerset House. She would lllto -to seo all the splendour and pomp of court and city, and then to taste the placid re tirement of the bouso in the valley, and to be her father's housekeeper and companion. Another letter from Hyacinth announced the death of Mazariu. "The cardinal Is no more. He died in the day of success, having got tho better of all ills enemies. A violent access of gout was followed by ail effec- tion of the chest, which proved -fatal. His sick- I'oom was crowded with courtiers and sycophants, and ho was selling sinecures up to tho day of Ills (.eat ii. Fareham says his deathbed was like a money-changer's counter. He was passionately fond of hocca, tho Italian game which he brought into fashion, and which ruined half the young men about the court. The counterpane was scat tered with money and playing cards, which were only brushed aside to make room for the last sacraments. My Lord Clarendon declares that ills spirits never recovered from tho shock of ills Majesty's restoration, which falsified all his calcu lations. He might have made his favorite niece Queen of England, hut hi3 Italian caution re strained him, and the beautiful Ilortenso ha3 to put up with a new-made duke — a title bought with lier uncle's money — to whom the cardinal afll- anccd her on his deathbed. He was a remarkable man, and so profound a dissemhler that ills pre tended opposition to King Louis' marriage with his niece Olympe Manciui would have deceived the shrewdest observer had wo not all known that lie ardently desired the union, and that It was only Ills fear of Queen Anne's anger which -prevented It. Her Spanish pride was in arms at the notion, and she would not have stopped short at revolution to prevent or to revenge such au alliance. "This was perhaps the only occasion upon which she ever seriously opposed Mazariu. With him expires all her political power. She is now, as much a cypher as in the time of the lato king, when Franco had oniy one master, the great car dinal. I-Ie who Is just dead, Fareham says, was hut a little Richelieu, and he recalls how when the great cardinal died people scarce dared tell ono another of his dentil, so profound was the awe in which lie was held. He left the king a nullity, and tho queen nil powerful. She was young aud beautiful then, you see; iter lnisbanu was marked for death; her sou was an infant. All Franca was hers — a kingdom of courtiers and flatterers. And now she is old and ailing; and Mazariu being gone, Hm vniiriF IrlnT will «2iihtnf7 im minlsfpr whn claims to bo anything better than a clerk or a secretary. Ccihert he must tolerate— for Colbert means prosperity — but Colbert will have to obey. My friend, tho Duchcsse de Longueville, who is now living in strict retirement, writes me the most exquisite letters; and from her I hear al! that happens ill that country, which I sometimes fancy is more mv own than tlio duller climato where my lot is now east. Fifteen years at the French court have made me in heart and mind almost a Frenchwoman; nor can I fail to be Influenced by my maternal ancestry. I find it difficult some times to remember my English, when conversing with the clodhoppers of Oxfordshire, who have no French, yet insist, for finery's sake, upon larding their rustic English with French words intro duced 'a tort et a traverse.' "All that is most agreeable in our court is imitated from the Palais Royal and the Louvre.- " 'Whitehall is hut the shadow of a shadow,' says Fareham, in one of his philosophy fits, prea ching upon the changes ho has seen lu Paris nnd London. And, indeed, it is a change to have lived through two revolutions, olio so awful in its final catastrophe tiiat it dwarfs the other, yet both terrible; for I, who was a witness of the sufferings of princes and prlucesses during the two wars. of the Frondo, am not inclined to think lightly of a civil war which cost France some of t he flower of her nobility, and made her great est hero a prisoner and an exile for seven years of his life. "But oh, my -loar, it was a romantic time! and I look back and am proud to have lived in it. I was but twelve years old at the siege of Paris; hut I was In Madame de Longueville's room, at the Hotel do Ville, while the lighting was going on, and tho oilicers, in their steel cuirasses, coining in from the thick of the strife. Such a contusion of fine hidies nnd armed men — breastplates and blue scarves — fiddles squeaking in the salon; trum pets sounding In tho square below." Ill a letter of later dato Lady Faroham expa tiated upou the folly of her sister's spiritual guides. N "I am desolated, ma mio, by tho absurd restric tion which forbids you to profit by my 'cadeau do noel.' I thought, iviien I sent you all the volumes of La Scuden's enchanting romance, I had laid up for you a year of enjoyment, and that, touched by tile baguette of that exquisite fancy, your con vent walls would fall down, like those of Jericho, at the sound of tho trumpet, and you would be transported in Imagination to tho finest society in the world— the company of Cyrus and Maiulane— under which Oriental disguise you are shown every feature of mind and person in Coute and his heroic sister, my esteemed friend tlio Duchcsse de Lon gueville. As I was one of the first to appreciate Mademoiselle Scuden's genius, and to detect, be hind the name of the brother, tho tender senti ments and delicate rolinement of the sister's cliastor pen, so I believe I was the first to call the ducliesse 'Mundane,' a sobriquet which soon be came e-eneral among her intimates. "Y'ou nro not to read 'Le Grand Cyrils,' your aunt tells you, because it is a romance! That is to say, you are forbidden to peruse the most faith ful history of your own time, and to familiarise yourself with the persons and minds of great people whom you may never bo so fortunate a3 to meet in tlio flesh. I. myself, dearest Angc, have had the felicity to livo among these princoly persons, to revel in the conversations of the Hotel do Ramhouillot— not, perhaps, as our grand mother would have told, you, In its most glorious period— but at least while it was still tho focus of all that is choicest In letters aud iu art. Did wo not hear M. Poquelln road his flrst comedy, be- fori it was represented by monsieur's company in tho beautiful theatre at tho Palais Itoyni, built by Richelieu, when it was the Palais Cardinal? Not read 'Le Grand Cyrils,' and on tho score of morality? AVhy, this delightful book was written by one of tho most moral women In Paris— ono of tho chastest— against whoso reputation no word of slander has evor been breathed! It must, Indeed, he confessed that Sappho is of an ugliness which would protect her even wore she not guarded by the aegis, of genius. Sho is ono of those fortunate unfortunates who can walk through tho furnace of a court unscathed, and leavo a reputation for modosty in a profligate age. (To he continued.) 