"If Christ Came to Queensland.'' Sermon by the Rev. J. Prowse. Primitive Methodist Churoh, Raff-street. A Very Interesting Dlsoonrse. ; Ukbbr tho abovo titlo, tho following rrry luterostiug and forciblo soraion woa proaohod in the' Frimltive Methodist Church, Raff strcctj last Sunday evening by tho Rev. J. Prowse. Despite tho adverse weather con ditions tho building was erowdod to tho dojra. Taking for his text, Luko XIX. — 14, "And ichen He tcatcome near, lie beheld (he City and wept over it tbo rev. goutloman said Somo tlmo Bgo thcro carao Into tny hands a littlo book entitled, ." If Christ oinio bi Chicago," written by that world-rcuowncd journalist, W. T, Stood. It has had an im >uu<»B wivuwuuu, uuu, juuuiuy iniiu pulpit utterances and Press criucinras, nut only produood a profound Impression, but oxurtod u most salutary- infiuonco. The' book to uu honest and fearless exposure of tho dire ovlto rampant In that great city, and tho man who throw himself Into the noble orusado of exposing tho corruption, aud touohlng tho eonsoiooco of that great community -fdiould.be regatded as one of tho bone! actors of tho . world. Mr. Stead tolls us that tho woapon whloh ho found offcotunl all through Chioago with Kclfiah'pollticiuns, saloon keepers, ubaudonod -women, and the grout tunas of pcoplo in general woa tho startling qucsUbn, "Wliatif Christ oamo to Chicago?" I'am glad tho qureHon has boon propounded, and that it has bad so rauoh publicity. To-night I wont to givo it a littlo farthor publicity still, slights altering tlio form of too ques tion, Bubstltufliig thu name of tho culony for that of tho greet coHmopoll tan city of America. I wunttoaskinaUflcriousnors, VWhatitChriNt eamo to" Quoenslaud What it Ho oamo- to itschaohes. toils Parliamont, toitsmoniod inslituUoDS, to its buninoAs firms, to Its drink, ing saloons, to ita brotlioto, ahd 'o Its Vast army of pleasure seekers ? Surely: it to .a probing, floarohlng, poworful: question.-- Lot us hope thut tho present oonsidorutlon.' of it will ponotrato tbo heart, and linger in the llfo. of avory ono-prcseut, , Now in suggesting this question I' havo no wish to insluuato.that Ohnat bos not already como to Queensland. I gimlly rocoguiso tho fact that In. tbo truest souso of - tho word Ho has como, and to hora . I osnnot'hclp seeing that Hb is obsorving this groat culuny, and judging it fromday to day. . I hear Ills voice in tho passional cry for justice, for purity, for . tmth, for muray that rises up around us on evorv.handi. ;I traco His footsteps iu .tho Hos pitals, Orphanagos, Homos, aud othor Bene- vplpnt Institutions of tlio ebluny. . Occasion ally I percolvo tho trucing of Hto pon in tlio nowspupor eoluiuus. and -notice that Ho ; has .boch at work in tho books, and spocobos, and platforms, and pulpits... ' Ybs! Christ is hore. iVuo, In this wido colony . tlioro are many ah ltko Him. In ovoiy town of It Ho lias foes— loud foos, bitter, and eruoi foes. But in if Is word, by His opirit, a- d through His pcoplo, 'CIiriMt is moving up and down Quooustand, a .'mighty transforming powor. . But tho ques tion under consideration to-night has to do not with' Christ's Spiritual presence, but with His bodily preseuco. Iundorataudit to moan, "What would happcn if Okrtot oamo to , Queensland as Ito'onmo to Jorusalom long 'ogo?" "What would v bo tho result If Ho "camo to judgo our affairs by His qyvn rightoous htandurds?" That to tho-light. in .which T propose' to viow it. Looking at it from that stand'pblnt,«.Jot us conuidor how Christ's real pioscuco would .affect .. I. The social world of Queensland, By tho social world of Queensland I mean tho goaeral hlvo of pooplo. Now, if Christ oamo au llftod.up. Hw oyos upon Quouiudand us a wjiolo; what kind of fooling would Ho have towurd tho 400,000 pcoplo sasttorod about throughout tho. colony? It to difficult, por- haps, for-us'to determine, aud yet if wo care fully mark the eharnotorlstlo -'foaturos of colunlal lifo und oompuro . thorn with tho fcaohings of Christ 04 sot forth in tho New .Testament wo may form' an opinion as to wh -t His" verdict would be. Let ita tbon pass under rovlsw a fow of tho ovlto prevailing amongst us and soo how tboy look "in thu light of tho revealed will of God. Tako first of all " TheeeJUh ijreed of gain that dom'tmlex the life of the great majority. No ono will deny that to a- vory largo extent tho pcoplo of QaoonAland aro swayed by an inoraiuato lust for gold. There to u craving In many a heart -which nothing but gold oan satisfy. You sob this indicated in tbo gambling spirit, iuv wuaw |innjiwiiusui| i>uu iniiu uuuuw, iiiu bubble schemes, and numoreus othor financial fltrntagorus that'moot.you on overy side. Go wfifiro you will in tho street, and on tlio ox change, money and how to mako it ia tho foremost toplo of oouvoraatioo. So lutouHO Js.tbfs 'pnssW'.for raato ia) gain tiiat not a fow will willingly run mo-ol risks aud pltob tholr. tent toward any Sodom whoro tho bank book fattens ns tbo soul goto Hiuullor, Now put alongsfdo this solftoh' groed .of .gain tho 'teuobhigs . of - the riastor Christ respecting money, and it will not bo diffioult to form au opluion as to what His verdict would bo if Ho were to appear amongst us. I cannot holp thinking that it Christ actually camo to Quooiisland lie wmild condemn in uhmoasurod tones this fovorisb lust for gold, reltorato afresh tlio moral danger of riohco, and press homo upou us iho fuot that, ' A man's lifo consiBteth not in tho things lie possoMoth." To mo it is impos- sible to listen soborly to the tcaohlngs of Christ and His Apostles without fooling that if our Lord were to como in tho midst of our towns, and movo ubout in our b.iaatcd civili sation, He would find woll nigh everything tocondomii in tho currant coucoption.of the vkiuo,: use, aud . omployuoat of mouoy. .Many of, us act as though money were the pHndpci/Uiing to got, by our esgornoss, to obtain it- wo make it difll'-ult./or tbapeuple to. b«liove that there are forces "In the world wbloh cannot be wolgod in material balances, I'am sure If Obrtot camo Ho would condemn liis depression of. our lifo from moral to matoriul values. In addition to alt thje there b the rapid growth of the pleasure lovinh spirit. Tho lovo of sport fa tho shape of football, criuket,- horaoracing, &o.;, has so imbued nod saturated tbo life of tho colony that wo over ride ovory moral consideration in order to get » <111 si tt Tf nlirtut mrnin fn Dit/>nnti1nnrl I do not say that Ho would cry down every form of inoooent recreation, oraonouno- thue manly games that tend to develop the muscle and refit for tho toll of life. But I do say in the light of tho teachings of this book, that he would condemn tho unreason able lengths to which this thing to being carried. It seems to me that He would have nothing but words of withering condemnation for.tho multiform phases of impiety with which these amusments have become sur rounded. Further, looking over tho social world of Queensland what would be ths feel ing of Christ: respecting the class hatred so strong and - so' bitter amongst us? Would He pass unnoticed tho fierce hostility of capital and labour ? Nay ! methinks He would deal with those mundane affairs, and try to bridge over tho fearful gulf of separa tion that yawns between masters and men. Recognising thb fact that all belong to tho samo great family, and that all are In tho keeping of each other, Ho would enjoin tho principal of mutal care, no would go to tho master and tell him that he must be Christian enough to pay a fair day's wage for a fair day's work, and He would go to tho work man and tell him that he must be Christian enough to give a fair day's work for a fair day's wage. 'The selfishness, the strife, and tho unhealthy mistrust that are constantly giving rise to strikes and lockouts .would be regarded by Him as a grow "violation of the principle of brotherhood ' and the obligations arising therefrom.Tho problem of wealth and poverty would also claim His attention, and it is scarcely likely that He would look with complacency upon rich landlords spend ing thousands of pounds in tho erection of palatial residences," whilst their rent-racked tenants in comfortless hovels scarcely know how to live. Again, if Christ 'came to the social world of Queensland what would He think of that false type of life that has so thoroughly honeycombed the. world of fashionable society? Everywhere we sro a deposition to msko jho gro-.tcsk display on tho smallest- means, .to' appear grand at the' loaatpos«ib!o expense, to carry a great ideal of sail with, but little ballasL And in this ignoble pursuit the mcmbors of socloty in all - its grades are chasing each other. Thortiaan is panining tho' lower middle' class, tho lower " middle class, tho upper middle class, -tho aristocracy, 's pd'ao' on?.,T And tbto sgency'lmltatlaguom- dA'llinn' is leftding in the dlroctl'ui bf sh'nta :buiriiUy Bnd dacolt.'ib erorf: phrase of life. A)i one - writer!, puts it", ; ' 'VThto pamti pspsrinndgUe»"--%o1J«8h8r, qualities ihar g.Ya.'odqmmcnt- tortba yjya sacriflood to the one idear of betg in tho swim, lollowing the fashion. Nowlf Obrtot carao to QuoenNland' what woaId ;Hu say concerning tbto type of lifo that is ever trying to deoeivo tbo oyo, and to appo-tr.other than what it is? .H yon are anxious to know,I leave His attitude towards tho sham, un reality, and deception praottoed in the days of -His fie»h to. famish tbe answer. Having considered how Christ's presence would affoct tho soolal world of Queensland, I pass on to note how His ooming would affeot 11\. The commercial world of QueenAand. How. would It be if Christ oamo to our houses of oommeroo, to inspect tbo quality of goods, to audit tbo accounts,' and to look into tho general motbods of busluess punned ? ' May wo not fear that Ho would finatho goldon rule praotioallyinoporativointhocommorcial world. I havo oonvorscd with many business men on thosubjoot, "Tho mom's of trade," audit seems to mo that tlioro Is oonsonaus of oplu-on that they are ossontially corrupt, God forbid tliat I sh-iuld brand overy buniacu man a rogao. I know many who impart to business afiuvor of honor, who scorn suooess if that succoss U to bo purohBsod at tho post of all that to noblo la ohnraotcr, and joyous in pros poet. Those men are as ho est as daylight,' and would not oven, If opportunity afforded, take advantago of tho untllatod. But thoro are others who do not hositato to lay asido oil soruples of oonselonco, and to palm off an in ferior aftiale, Instead of giving ah oqulvalont for valuo rooclrod. And this latter class to by far tho greatest number, who build up their fortunes by lying, oheating, and dis honest practice. 1 do not prcsurao to know what nhrlat wmiM cnu 11 k... I havo a feeling tint Ho would w cp over tills laxity of Qommerolol morality. And would not the tame be true respecting the inonied institutions of the laud P Tbero are not many monoy-loudcrs that would liko for Christ to open tbelr lodgers, to soo tho enormous rates of interest ohargod, and booomo generally ac quaiiitcd with their busioe'sa transaotlans. If Christ canto and pryed Into theso thiugs, would find that mauy a poor man, finauoinlly speaking, has eoon squrezod to (loath by un scrupulous usurers. But wo mast pass on to oonnldor further how tho aotual prcscnoo of Joatts Christ would affect HL The Political lYo-ldrf Qucemland What If daring the present session C hrist should go into our Parliament and tako up his position bosido tho Sneaker of tho HouhoP How would Uo fool toward tho Mlutstry, toward tho OpposiUou, toward tho Labor Party? Wuttla ho regard thoso toon as fit and proper poraous to onoot laws' for the righteous government of this great colony? Yes! Not «— both' answors aro tnio when applied to different members of tbo .AMombly. Hoi would find somo amongst that oollootivo body who aro actuated by tbo purort of motivos, and .whoso chief dosiro to to . legislate' in tho fuar of God, and for tiiolr. country's good And Ho would find othoni who can lay no speeial claim to virtue, and who owo .their exulted position to tbo oombiucd Infiaenoo of monoy, driuk, and popular olaptrap; Agato, if Christ wont 'a stop further ana oxaminod ' tho statute book of tho colony would hobo 8 leased ivith mauy of. tho- inoasures fouaa lorolu? What would Ho thiuk of that' Aot which logultoos tbo " drink trafilo," and "gives n llconso to nearly ouo thousand public bouso to make pcoplo drunk?- How would Ha.ro- gard that iniqul'oua mcosuro ' whloli makes it legal to bratallso w unun : fur man's. insano passion? Wlmt would bo Hto fooling re- Hpoctiug tho oxlstouco of that law, which pro hibits tho Bible, that highest and divinely given oodo. of morals, from boing read in tbo State sohools? Burolyif Cuxist oamo to tbo Furliament of Quooosland Ho would iustot on a thorough purging of the Stututo'Book, and tho ewci-plug away of thoso giont ovila that nro so diuraetrically opp-xuri to tbo up- lifting powor of nations, xcs,- thero womd bo spoeuy changes for tho hotter if . OhrtoL camo to Quoonsland and oaterod thb domain" of politics; But:! hasten on to consider how Christ's ooming would affoct IV, The Church tdcrld of Queensland. Looking upon theso Gospels I'oannot.roHtot tho impression that if Christ oamo to this country to-day Ho would look at tho churoh; tho eburcli called by Hto most holy namo, with somo'astontohmont, some conBure, and by no, moans with unmlxod pleasure. I havo no wish to bb uuebaritoblo. I have no desire to undor- cstimato tho amount of sluooro re ligion that exists in overy ohurob. I know that in ovory fold thoro aro dovout oarnest souls who lovo Christ supremely, and whose inustor pafslon to to do good. But is it not idso true that tho groat majority of thusowho meet togathor for womhip ovory Sunday Inntoid of workiog hnril to. get tho law of Christ fulfilled, aou His brethren saved frOfU' wicked Injustice, are content with mooting ouco or tvrico a wook for tho purpose of hearing a good sorman. and -having their souses thrilled with trainod choirs. In many instances our churches have simply become as so many social clubs, their distinctive mission to thrown into tho back ground, and instead of being centres for tho generation of a spiritual force, capable of lighting up tho whole dis trict, they represent, to use Mr. Stead's fok- clble figure, " huge fly-wheels, driven at great expenditure of coal without any belt to move tho machinery of common life " Our churches have become very much secularised. "We turn our sacred buildings into concert halls, our worship into musical entertainments, our sermons into smooth and pretty addresses on more or less frivolous subjects, and our Sunday gatherings into a religious '' free and easy "for tho purpose of catching the crowd, and swelling the coffers. We stoop to conquer, and in stooping miss. This lowering of the Ideal has led to a decline in spiritual life and power, and a weakening of influence over tho masses. I am inclined to tho belief that if Christ came to Queensland to-day He would disapprove of many of these modern innovations.' He would emphasise tho fact that tho Church which tho times need, and which tho people need to not a sensational and secularised Church, but a Church which amid tho stress and strain of modern life seeks to keep alive its ancient piety, and that will face the tempted, and turbulent life of tho age with a character forming power equal to that in tho days of yore. ' Yo shall receive power after tha tho Holy Ghost to como npoa you,"' i« thograclons word of promise given. Not physical power, mlraoulou® power, or tho power of eloquence, logic, ur thought/but \- Power from on Hi jh— a powo" which has its Huurco in worlds abovo u», a power to up lift fallen huraanitv, and to raito. mun from tho doopost doptlis of degradation and fdn, right up to tho stops of tho ; Eternal Tbrono. ' Thto'toihogreat 'hiug leokiog in many of oar Quocnflland ohurohes, and Tt sooios ( to m that If Christ camo to our colony to-day, and comparod tlio real with tho fdool the greatest disappointment Ho would moot with In saoh a oomparisou "would bo ;HislVoxra< Church. But in dosing my-sennon.'on this solemn question let me oak you to applyhLj thought to Yonraelvos, "If Christ caJ-to1 Quoonsland tnto ory night, this veur; this very moment, now would Htoprjcnoo oiroot tnor'' " wnat wouia no nuvo to do?" That after; all is tho most, vital Jiart of tlio question. Ho would havo you to ultow His fuototops, aud be a Christ to thoso among whom you live in tho family, In tho workshop, in . tho city, and in the Stato; What Christ would do if Ho camo to Queens land In thoso last day?,' and- wore living in your clroumstaaoos, o/cn so do you, aud ao it notonco or twico in - moments, of spiritual ccstaoy, or of moral enthusiasm, but dn it all tho timo. and your hnat-Hke conduct will holp, materially holp, to \nako this earth a littlo moro liko Heaven. \ 