A HAZARDOUS JOURNEY. ? +. ? The following is taken from a letter, published in the Irish Catholic, from Father Luke Plunkett, one of four missionaries who last year accompanied Bishop Hanlon from London to Uganda : — On Trinity Sunday, June 9, we landed at Mombasa, a small harbour on the mainland, and, to the credit of ' Ould Ireland ' be it said, the first friend to meet and welcome us on shore was an Irishman — Brother Vincent, from Dundalk. He is a good and zealous lay brother who has for years past laboured amongst the people of Mombasa, by whom he is held in high esteem, and belongs to the Society of the Holy Ghost and Immaculate Heart of Mary, at whose Mission House we remained, and from whoso Superior we received much kindness durintr ourstav at Mombasa. On the day our caravan left the coast for the shores of Lake Victoria Nyanza, it was accompanied two miles on its way by Brother Vincent; and it was not without a pang of regret that there, in a real African jungle, we bade good- bye to this hardwork ing Irish lay brother, ho to return to his humble but meritorious labours, we to recede farther and farther from civilisation into as yet an almost unknown land. We loft Mombasa on Saturday, June 22, and seventy-six days later, on Friday, September 6, entered Men go, just in time to celebrate the Feast of Our Lady's Nativity. It would be difficult for me to describe the joy we felt when our long tramp of 800 miles through a very dark part of ' Darkest Africa' was brought to a close, and when we found ourselves once more amongst a fairly civilised and intelligent Catholic people. We received a most en thusiastic welcome on our arrival. All the Catholic chiefs, and thousands of the Catholic laity — there are about 1.5,000 converts already in the Nyanza Vicariate — besides numbers of Protestant and Pagans eagerly came to greet us, and to escort His Lordship into the city. Immediately on our arrival at the flourishing Mission Station of the White Fathers (who had kindly offered us shelter until our own church and houses could be built), Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given to the rejoicing multitude who thronged the church, grateful thanks being returned to God for His goodness in bringing us safely through all the dangers of our long and, at times, perilous journoy. And if ever travellers had reason to be grateful on reaching their destination, surely we had after a journey which occupied from beginning to end 120 days. Many Avoro tho diilicultios and dangers we experienced on tho road— sometimes fording rivers waist deep, the wator being bitterly cold, coining as it did in most cases from inciting snow on Mount Kilimangaro ; sometimes plodding through deadly swamps, with mud and slush up to our knees; some times struggling up the aides ol! stoop mountains and then scrambling1 down again on the opposite side, the scorching sun overhead all tho whiio adding con siderably to the fatigue of each day's march. During tho first 40 days the weather was exceedingly dry — in fact, the torrid heat was most oppressive ; during the next 27 days we had frightful thunderstorms with drenching rain and cold nights ; but during the last 9 days of our journey the weather again be came sultry. While our caravan was passing through the region called the ' Lion Country ' the king of the forest visited the outskirts of our camp on several successive nights, and serenaded us with his fierce thunder like roars. Fortunately we were saved the un pleasantness of making his acquaintance at close quarters, although on one occasion at least so near was he to us, and so numerous were the hyenas and jackals howling round the camp, that I considered it judicious to remain up during the night along with the men on guard, not knowing the moment we should have to use our loaded rifles. But there were other wild animals that attacked us far more fierce than the lion, and these were in human shape. That we escaped out of their hands, and that our caravan was miraculously preserved from destruction, not only from savages, but also from hunger, is due to the protecting hand of the Blessed Virgin, to whom, after God, all thanks be given. On August 13, while making a twenty miles' march, we entered the country of the wild Wanandi tribe, just now at war with England, and in spite of all precaution on our part, they succeeded in killing one of our men, at the same time carrying off his rifle, his clothes, and the load he was carrying — my cabin box as it happened. That night at least three fourths of our caravan of 150 men were found with out food, although they had been sujDplied with an extra day's rations before starting from the last station eight days before. But the poor African is as improvident as a child ; give him five days' rations and he will surely eat it in three. In the present case no more food could be obtained until the caravan reached the next station four days off. We were surrounded by the bloodthirsty Wanandi warriors, determined, if possible, to cut the caravan to pieces. No means of earthly succour seemed at hand. Two formidable rivers had yet to be bridged and crossed, so that the horrors of seeing the men die of starvation stared us in the face. But, as the beautiful prayer of the ' Memorare ' has it : tl No one over had recourse to Mary, implored her help, or sought her mediation without obtaining relief.' And so it was in our case. On the very eve of the Feast oi: Our Lady's Assumption a caravan carrying spare food unexpectedly met us. The leader willingly gave our men a sufficient supply. They took up their loads with fresh courage, and we pursued our journey with grateful hearts for this timely and Heaven-sent relief. On the morning of that (for us) memorable August 15 His Lordship offered Holy Mass on the bank of the river Mto Mkuba, all being then apparent peace ; but the next caravan after ours, while camped on the same spot, only a week afterwards, was attacked in the dead of night, and out of thirty-one men no less than twenty four were killed. A similar fate might have been ours were it not for the ever, eVer loving care of ' Our Lady of Perpetual Succour.' Since our arrival on Uganda soil everything has gone on prosperously for the future of Catholicity in this country. The King willingly granted a suitable site for our new Mission dedicated to St. Peter ; already nearly all our buildings are erected, and the glorious work of reaping the harvest is in full swing. All we want is more harvestmen — more priests. In this country converts are being received at the rate of 200 a month. On one occasion, a short time ago, I baptised ninety-three adults. Was it not a good half-day's work ? 