"TIiu pnuscnKcrs wlio «ot out nntl cxainlnotl tlio lino stuto.thftt blio sleepers wore rotten in Riost: In.stnneos, and Unit; tho lino Is badly hi Rood of rojhilr." Tills Is fi nlco little presentation imniffrupli for Mr Joliu Mulildosoii, on the occasion of Ids assumption of olllco as lttilhwiys Coinmisslonor for Uio colony of Victoria ! 'Hie quoBillon will bo found us tiho con cluding wor.ls' of. ,tl»6'. "Argus" report- concerning r rail-jumping performance yesterday lu Uio Alexandra district. Of course, tho now Coniinlssloiior, wltllo in llrisbane, must have noted tho ronuirk- able tuldlcUou of Victorian trains .to the startling baldl; of springing off the ralisl Tho public have never been uITorded nny satisfactory otilcial rcnsoiiH why. All tliut department ofllcors arc ordinarily abio to say Is Unit the wiiolo thing Is a "nijutciy." Occasionally an ouisklorf llko Mr. ITtiyncs, 0.13., oxploilos the mys tery, hut otliclai fnith hi tho' super- nntiiml remains qullo unshaken. "WlHi Mr Mathieaon, wo are supiKisod to ho beginning a huinlxv of nillwny altalrs anow. Whllo regrelUng that occasion iinsnrisen so early, we InvltetheContinls- sloner to taJce suoh steps.lu view of what occurred yesterday, to tloinonsi'ralo whether the exceptional 'tendency. of Victorian trains lo divorce tlioinsoiveH from the rails to which (hey are sup posed to be w otl dud Is duo to a Hklttisii- licss begot of uur exhlhiniUiig ellniiUe.or to tho effect of tho oft-repudhited "starvation lM According to the ITess accounts, (Jio Alexandra occurrence jnst stopped 'short of tragic.-: . Tho tmln wuH lhroo inllco on tho Tullarook sldo of tiio Homowood ala.Lloii when ono .of the.tnieks left the line, and waa dragged about a mile before tho tiling was noticed. /It la stated:— ;. The partially . derailed train -ran along tho edge, of one of the numerous steep precipices on this line, and -also over a hrldKo, nnd lind the couplings broken a terrible accident would hnvo happened, for the carriages with pas sengers at tho end of the train, would lucvltubly liuvu gone over tho preci pice. So frequently Itnve we read matter of tho same sort that there Is a great deal to ho said in thankfulness for sheer good hurls, Providential interposition, or what ever else you prefer to call It ! in no country lu the world could trains run off so frequently without a lot of jKsoplo being killed or maimed. Mr Matldeson, whose hopes of putting the railway Huanccs right would have been badly dashed if tluit Alexandra train hud toppled over tho precipice, will he quick' lo perceive that we should not presume upon the favors of fortune ! Our new Commissioner would start well if he directed that, 111 regard to the Incident under review, and also that which occurred on the Ooburg Hue yesterday, tho Investigation Into causes bo prose cuted In putdlc. Ghosts never atipcur lu the light of day, and all these haunting "mysteries" of tho Railway department have been bred In the atmosphere of dark uml nourot Inquiry. If common sense, Instead of rule of ; thumb, could he brought Into use hi ' 'adjusting tlio affalra of the publle'ser- ' vice, there would not he much dlfllcnlly about tho sick-pay question. Outside the public service, It Is not customary to Hud hard and fast rules. Ilatlicr la It . usual for nu employer or firm of em ployers to deal with each case of sickness amongst employes on its strict merits. The malingerer would be apt to go down under judgment swift and, possibly, nr trifle harsh— yet never harsh V enough to provoke pity. On so despicable a creature as Uio man who loafs under pretence of ladng 111 nolxxly wastes, comrnlsonition. There are much lietter uses for tlmt quality. Of courae there Is your valetudinarian; but In practice, while ho complains much, and swallows ever such alarming quantities of pills andj)otions,heusually sticks to his desk. \V1m)i» a clerk or other person serving a fairly good Arm absents himself through Illness, Ids previous record and general character as a giver of service Tor s') much salary are looked n,t. And whether he gets full pay, or half pay, or no pay, during his period -of Incapacity will Iks found usually 1o depend very much ui>ou tho result of Uiat survey. Our public servants arc, under a rule made when tho late Sir., Tamest lhitteraou was In ofllco, put on half pay when they become Ui, In- the Police department the rale has undergone at least part of. - the amelloratioh advocated by. '/The Herald." It Is not our fault that the State school teacher, also especially liable to sickness, possibly remains at bis post ami .-helps to spread Infection, .hecnu&o; ho can't afford to go on half pay. By ami bye Mr Peacock will put that right. In other branches of Uio public service— and we are here recog nising the technical distinction botween 11 hud the railway service— our own idea is Hint a certain dlsereUouarj' power might properly lie vestctl In permanent heads of departments. They might he nuthorised to cerUfy In favor of full pay, half pay, or.no pay at all, lu the case of ofAeors who report Uiemselves sick. If they are not to be trusted to do such w-ork ('us that fairly and honorably, with out fear or favor, they are hot lit to hold ofllce ns heads of departments. That wo do not hesitate to afllrin; Unlike the Minister, they are uotj or slioui<i .not ho, subject to wliat Is known as iwllUeol Inlluenec, and they ought to be Lajst able todeteruihicliowfarnhoAleer has proved himself worthy- of generous treatmeuL Per it ought liot to l>e forgotten Umt a mail has no right to be paid save Tor tolling masses of arUsans- anil lalmrers generally have better opportunities for understanding than those who draw their tuilarics direct from Uio public treasury. "... It was probably a fortunate tiling for Mr William Aiighi8 that he clmnccd to be away from bis usual lodgings at IMee's Hotel, llokewood, during the whole period, tlmt the Ill-fated farmer, O'Bryan, stayed tiiere. Before coming to lids city, and, prcsnmahl', wander ing into . Hie - Ynrrii,- where his dead body was found oh Saturdny last, O'Bryan liiicl spent scveml days at Hokewood. rie left It \ In hlgh diti- plunsure, declaring that lie had been .robbed' of £17 nuO a miner's right, Tho explanation is remarkable enough. The farmer had been given a room at IUcc's usually occupied' by Mr Angles, the latter being absent at Ballarat' .When Air Aiighis returned, he found In the pocket of u pair- of bis own ' iroUHcru which hung In- the room what some men would , regard, as li rather pretty windfall— £17. 'ami a-, miner's '' right. O'Bryaik who had lbft Uie place, no doubt Inudvertciitly acted 'tlie role or Santa Ohms, putUiig tho inbuey Into the pocket- of a garment which, he mistook for his own. The Iriic. owner being an honest nmn, promptly coininunlcuted his discovery to the police, and bunded over tho'cash and document. . Men whb'put'iholr hands Into other jjoople's poekeis do liot customarily act aH re- plenlshcrs. roor'O'Brj'iiii' was uu tin- coiiKclous exception. His blundering might, In circumstances easily conceiv able, have placed Mr Angles In a very dlsugrceuble position-— might, Indeed, have. resulted lu an awful, and posi tively irreparable, wroug being dbuo to uu honest cIUr.cn. ' Into' 'tbo realm of local controversy has occasionally, conic of lute the question of how fur the present day housing of the poor. In Great Britain .. represents Im provement, upoiu what It used to he;- No doubt' 'much has been done, more, particu larly by reason of ihe Intelligent efforts of the muulelpiilltyof Glasgow iuiU, more recently -by that of tho London County' Council.- But very, much re mains to ho done. ' Tlio ihiprbsslou.uiost likely -to. remain In Uie mind of tlioso who' give the subject' the least study Is that our own social problems— Olfllcult us wo, appear to iniike theiii are. poor things judced besides those whloh/tho people of Uie old land- (ire engaged. In solving. In these mntlcrs nu ounce of fact la worth a ton of tlieorj'. ilera Is a.verj' striking olliclal ' declaratloiu con voyed lu ono of the London papers re-, eolved this week:— ., . .. In his annual report Dr Waldo, medi cal ollleer of health" for tho vestry of St. Georgo-the-Miirtyr, Southwurk, <le- ulares that one person in fourteen- of the population in the parish Is horn, < jfrows op, drinks, eats, sleeps, works, | and often dies, within the four walls i of a onc-rooined tenement. j It 1h sorrowful to know Unit tlioro aro homes In Victoria In -which somuUines: tiiere Is not a Hiilllclency of even tlio | humblest sort of food, to say nothing 1 of the absence of furniture, fuel, or other comforts. But tho housing In tho.- worst eases la rarely, If over, so hud ns that which appears lo be the rule for one out of every fourteen persons In a considerable English parish. 