Music and Drama. Seldom has the Ipswich School of Arts been so crowded as it was last Saturday night (says the Queensland Times) to hear a highly successful performance of the nautical comic opera "Pinafore" by the Ipswich Amateur Opera Company, under the conductorship of Mr. Seymour Dicker. There was a large and fashionable audience. Every portion of the hall was full to overflowing, and many could not gain admittance. As to the per formance itself, it was admirable throughout. The enjoyment of the audience was con tinuous, and the. liveliest enthusiasm pre vailed The stage fittings were superb, and the " sauoy" ship Pinafore was in every way a "beauty." The dresses worn were hand some and appropriate. The whole produc tion of the opera was the work of local talent, the costumes having been made in Ipswich, and even the scene-painting done by local amateur artistsi The Chinese opera still hangs out in the divisional hall (complains the Cairns Tost). The performance generally starts about 11 a.m., and continues opto midnight without a break, except between 6 and" 7 p.m. The soft pedal has been taken off the kerosine tins, and. the mute has been removed from the tom-toms. A muscular pirate has been engaged for the former instruments, and visitors to the port naturally ask whose wedding is on. This opera company is not up to the former one from a Chinese musical point of view. The Chinese musical standard is one based on capacity for creating noise, and the want of a bass gong and secoud galvanised iron washing tub is severely com mented upon.. The chop-stick man seems up to his work, but as his instrument cannot be heard beyond a half of a mile radins of the hall, ho hardly coants. The season has there fore not been a particularly successful one, and the various artists have been keeping an almond-eye upon the manager in anticipation of the hour when the " ghost " will forget to walk. The" Calcutta theatres are just now main tained (says Melbourne Table Talk) br com panies of actors who have visited Australia. Mr. Twinning's Company, at the Corinthian Theatre, is Headed by Miss Jennie Lee in "Poor Joe,". "Run Wild," and "The Grasshopper," and by Miss Luoia Harwood in "The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith." . At I the Theutro Royal Tommy Hudson's Variety company, formed inAdelaide and 'Sydney l^w'.r a T1 Brotb<™. Mk Isabel Webster, and others. At the Opera Huns. U <lL™j Bn^'ol is running with Joht Patey i"?he'cn°raC,° mitofonJ. 8nd Professor Kennedy's venture in New Zea. far a,a,Dan<^nVed "bri!liaat «»«"•«> ' -i was concerned. On the contrary.it turned out a distinct frost IgSSSSSs^S _®'?r'88 Taylor, manager of the Taylor-Harrington Dramatic Company hae (says Melbourne TahU Talk) just concluded^ rSX* Bl'caomenally successful season at ticdmrfl roony being turned away from ?»ft an 1 -J5everaI occasions. . The company Mb iSr® for West AustoliaT . 11 3 8 former trip to the " golden £M)00. " a clear Profit of over Madame Antoinette Sterling's favonrito songs are " Crossing the Bar." «A MotS "Darby, and Joan," «Se Better Land, , and '.'Home, Dearie^ Home." "? & i° throe cycles' of the Bay Irnrtorm^ "T ? ,10-Tt oornmer, thi performances begimng on July 22 and endinr i;J', c.The rcorkstohegiven an and Siegfried," " Die Wnlkure,' ana tretterdummernng." Each oerfoni." anceiato begin at 4 o'clSck, £iuishinPg at?0 with an hour s interval. ' t.to JE®* ?? the " Windsor Magazine» tells this incident of the gallantry ofSenor • aS ;t StV,?T mSt'. w ,?"8 occasion he TWkr £ Sfcv James's Hall with ATdme. Berthe Marx, and on alfcrhting from the ntf/w? .without a moment's thought ho placeiL a piece of music on the ground in order that the ladymight not soil her slippers when he handedhcr oat of the rairtege! reflation has been introduced which h,eJPZW tedt Theatre, according to not t^T™" a] the performance will "°t he able to gain admittance to their seats except dunng the interval between the acts. the the t hcen constitnted among the theatre-goers at Bremen, the members to W ^ themselves to allow no one f"hayo access to their seiTts after the per inte^U."'18 COmmtfflced' ^Pt daring the "TV?* a™ncr at Detzlingen the band ol Hussars were wont ta fhrnX'th Ah"™08 fte versatile empcroi ■; they were playing the Italian totty Punicuh-Pnmcula "too slowly. Hi a° 8faraed bandmastei from his rostrum, and, seizing the baton, cpndneted the piece prestissimo. Encouraged ?La88 "Ptui-8U8 applause of his guests, he conducted several other items of the pro ramfKdouaa talk6d t0 *' srJV?'11ib 50 years next August since under^he 8 ' J?h" was first performed. Til- composer's own direction, at the Birmingham ^ festrval. This jubilee " has nptesenped the notice of the Crystal Palaco ireetors ui London/mid' they have decided to celebrate it, a few weeks in advance, by a tesK^!lan0e 1 0f tho orat°rio on Handel Junh 97 ""sr ' ""si Saturda7 afternoon, T W Hme. Albani, JEss Butt, Mr. Jtr- Sautley have already been engaged for the principal solo parte, and Mr. Manns will conduct. Pietro Mascsgni, composerof " Cavalleria tor cflhe'T .has h'tojy been appointed diree Thi. l\? f1C0° Kus,calo Rossini, in Pesaro. Itote V!°-IS tn° 018 most important ia hawng been founded by the mnnifi he composer whose name it bears, a ho by his will endowed it with the princely Lefo°y of over 2,0110,000 lire-say £S0,00a. mnrfefw.; ""ir8 a Sr88tstir m Italian -S' as MaS88Sn>53 still little mora tlian a boy m years, while the position in Ac"8 saoceeded the veteran Pedrotti is one of tho most important in the peninsula. Many years ago, when Henry Irving was playing m Bublin, ho was suddenly called upon to undertake a heavy part, the actor 11° Z"' ca8' for't having been taken ill. Xn those days thegailery boy was a much greater convemtionahst than he is now. If a couplo ?u u^^ds were separated,' they thought nothing of holding a conversation across the house whilst the play was inpro en ®ir Henry made his firat appearance on this occasion, one vouth shouted to another: "I3 that him, "eh?" «o, caine the reply, "them is the young mans ciothcs; they'll shove bim out later Professor Irving Scott has been calculating the amount of power expended m playing a piano.- He says it requires more force to sound a note CTutjy on this instrument than ifc does to lift the hd of a kettle. At times a forro of 6 lha. is thrown upou a single note to produce a solitary effect, ^t requires a great ontpnt of foroo when it is spread over various notes sounded simultaneously in chords Itos is what rives pianists the'strcngth they KdSLto.' 2>81t fi«S8«- Speaking of Paderwski s strength, ho soys that he could Si ll," Ca'J0 °( plate glass half an inch thick merely bv placing his hand upon %jboard,and strikingit sharply with his middle finger. The total pressure brought to bear on Chopin's last study m C minor, which onlv takes 2 nuns, and a sees, to play, is equal' to 3 tons. Tho average tonnage of his musio varies from 22 to Si tons. 