MINING. The Burke Tunnel is "still in hard bar sand- Btone." And likely to remain there. Cleary's Freehold see-sawy yields are not encouraging to investors in the Elaine field. This week's leturn is 21oz. 15dwt. from 90 tons. The crowd say: "Wait till we get the Bbaft down another 100ft. and then she will talk." Punch hopes BO. The Pentagon, Pitified, ends the half-year with <£313 in hand. The mine appears to have a promising future, and all arrangements are ready for starting puddling. New Chum Consolidateds are a coming Bendigo ••Mick. Says a local maD, "The prospect in sight ' B 11 good one, for the co. may now get on payable stone either in the bottom crosscut or else in extending levels in both crosscuts at 3077ft.— which ^should reach the reef in a few days—and ^ 3027ft." Brown Hill Junctions, it is said, are on the eve f another decent rise. George Daneell has acquired a large interest in the Francis Ormond at Chewton. The Bendigo illionaire never touches anything unless it has a Bal g? 0^ prospect, so the chances are that the Francis w i" bit upon better stone at the deeper evels. Laneell iB considered one of the finest prospectors in Australia. Ber r y ConsolB Extended are pretty certain to D 3°y another " buck." The eastern run of wash B , opening up splendidly, and the co. should shortly take out much improved yields As the Extendeds move bo will Spring Hills look up. Hence the latter are a promising purchase for a "seat ruling rates. The South L ° ch Fyne is a mine with excellent P r ospectB, as the tunnel now going in should get the New Locl1 Fjne lode. Punch recommends the Purchase of this scrip if it can be got under the half-crown, at which price, if the mine opens wel l > tho Bt °ck would yield handsome profits. Keep a close watch on Sir John Franklin's. That mine will come with a wet sail some of these gne days, Norti, Can's, a Ilokewood show which the writer ^commended a little while ago, liaB put up two bores into wash, getting very nice prospects. But the 6iap in the eye admjnistered to the Kokewood hy the Lord Salisbury and Rokewood United has knocked the bottom out of the market for cornpanies located there West Loughlin directors boldly announce they are playing the waiting game. Indications point to the lead coming back to the West's property, and the Madame Berry West are putting in a drive which will be of great assistance in proving the value of the other co.'s ground. Seeing that such men as " Scotch " Bailey, J. Leishman and Heilernan are connected with the West Loughlin the lack of enterprise in not developing what appears to be a promising property is to be regretted. The M'Evoy turns out another creditable yield, OOoz. ldwt. gold., 1 ton 5cwt. tin, which more than pays ex.'s. Altogether the M'Evoy has a good future ahead of it—so far as the prospecting shows. Something like 2000ft. of the load to work, payable wherever it has been proved. Four rises put up in about 100ft. all got payable prospects, The main drive was stopped within 200ft. of the Kneebone's north boundary, and then drove 60ft. west, getting payable wash. This should put heart into Kneebone shareholders, for their claim seems sure to get the M'Evoy run of good wash, Ponch advises the purchase of M'Evoys, for on the strength of recent developments the mine looks a div. payer. Curious that a strong crowd are buying Mc.'b and a stronger one selling. The latter said to be realising profits, Bowes Kelly, chairman of the MountLyell Board, is confident that the November election will see no change in the personnel of the directorate. "We are a very happy Board," he recently remarked, " and the opposition candidates haven't a ghost of a chance of winning a seat." B.H. Junction Chairman Howes at the halfyearly meeting had no hesitation whatever in stating that the mine would last another twenty years.- But shareholders missed a strong point in not asking if the co. would maintain regular monthly div6. during the coming year. The fact that the Camden syndicate has panned outa good lump of its shares is a sort of hint that a stertler is in store for stockers. TheNew Perthshire, Stawell, ladles out a crumb: " Reef very wide, and stone can be booked and landed at small cost. Low average will have payable result." More newspaper talk. Stockholders are anxious for the truth from the stampers. And from what Punch hears the truth will not be an over-pleasant one. S.W. Curtin-Davis has taken a turn for the better. The lode now shows seven inches of fahl ore, and "in places some very rich-looking copper ore." Sample from the north drive assayed 345oz. silver and 25 6 per cent, copper. This claim is regarded as one of the best in the Dundas district, and 6hareB are good enough to hang to. The New Wyndham, Lauriston, soon shows the pip—• Fortnight's yield, I8oz. Cdwt." Twothreepenny dividends, and then Sheol ! How those Scotch scrippers will fume. But they have a grain of consolation in |tbe new 3 feet make of stone, that promises to develop into a payable shoot. Sir Henry Loch's yields are creeping up, ride 271oz. lldwt. from 475 tons. Lode averages 2\ feet, and if the quality keeps up to the aforesaid level scrippers may fairly expect a profitable time, The task of seeking the lode at the 1730 leet level is underway, and a." the stone seems to be going down strong there is every reason to expect that = = = = = = = = = = = = = before many months are orer the Loch will have another level going in fair grade dirt. Four Brothers bav-en't a very encouraging report: "Reef in face of drive at present, email. From 5ft. up in face of drive to bottom only two inches wide, with no gold. From that to top of rise six inches wide, prospecting- about lBdwt. per ton." Umph ! The crowd that run the Four Prothers seem to have struck an unlucky lot of shows. The somewhat erratic North Duke mine looks like nearing the end. The mine"'manager says he has not haen able to trace anything to the north, and by the appearance of wash tlie gold is still keeping to the south-west; atd if the prospects had been good to the south-west would not the company have kept on in that direction ? The statement printed is evidently the first step to preparing shareholders for the worst. Hulk of the latter never made anything out of the North—it was the few market operators who scooped whatever pool there was to scoop. The A l's 86407. from 2G0 tone is an all-right cake. The tributers have got on the right shoot of stone, but as all the Gaffney's Creek -shows sre very pitchy, their good luck may not last long. Conley and Barrass' show at Cobar is all owr a dandv. " The brown lode formation iB over fiOft. wido'aud has been proved for J'iOOft. along its course to ft depth of - : >0ft.," and as it averages from K to 10oz., the owners' refusal of half-amillion for the claim is not to be wondered at. The aforesaid developments puts a rosier hue on the Cobar claim, which "Hustler" P.eeston floated in Melbourne some tour months back. ^ The Slate Reef, Marong-is still crushing dirt that just about pays, the last yield averaging slightly over 3dwt. Hut it will have to put another 2iwt. on that before the profits pile up. Owing to scarcity of water the company is putting through 500 tonB of stuff at the public battery, so a comparison of the gold extraction will shortly be available. " Want of water," writes a Marong man to 1'ONCH, " is playing the very devil with I he deve'opment of the Slate K»ef. The mine is openingl up splendidly. Tna run cf stone going south continues as wide at ever, from 1(1 to 20ft., and the quality about the same, It will go from 3 to 5dwt., and this would pay immensely with proper facilities for crushing. All the water the co. has is raised from the old "W'jI-on's Hill shaft, and this, so far, haE enabled the co. to work the battery about twelve hours a day The has now chartered the Yorkshire hattery about two miles distant, to cart and crush ,W0 loads per fortnight at 5s. per load, pending the result of the agitation to get, the Government to flume the water race over Bullock Creek, so that it can be made available for mining purposes. With its own battery the co. can crush for 2i, (id, a load with a proper water supply, and that means a very great deal, having in view the immense body of stone that can be put through." The Yorkshire expects to start crushing on the 10th November. Advices state the mine is developing well, and if the stone mills up to expectations—say, H-dwt.— scrippers should have a good div. propertv. Chairman Hugh Sl'Kay, at the Lord Salisbury (Rokewond: meeting, said they were satisfied that lor.. 12dwt. of gold had been got off the bottom of the shaft, and no return was obtained in driving. A rumour had got abroad that the mine had been salted, but after the prospects had been obtained he was one of those who held on to his shares. Evidently Mr. M'Kay is one of the unfortunates who got left. Anyway, the mine shut down. O'Dwyer's Consolidated, a new Marong show forming into a company, is reported to be an excellent show—one of the best tilings the district has seen for many a day. The owner's crushings went the ounce, lillenborough's should be a good investment at present price in view of the two crosscuts now going in. South Prince of Wales have seen gold, hut they will have to sink before they can do much good. A couple of Sd. calls should put them down. Sea shares are worth watching. The company will soon reach Paddy s Gully country in their two crosscuts, where rhey should have a good show. . Collman and Taccbi6 are nearing their bottom limit. The usual gamble may bs expected sborily. Down to 2s. and up to 4-s. or is the round of thib -stock's career. Fraser's South increases its capital to ,£100,000 bv the issue of 20,000 new £1 shares paid up to lis., which shareholders have the privilege of taking at 2-.. each. This will place the company in a sound financial position. The balance of £10,000 to complete the £20,000 for whirh the Desirable at the Norseman was sold was paid late last month against the lodgment of the completed transfer. Sir Henry Loch looked up very much last week, with 27Joz. JIdwt. for the fortnio-ht, against 14-.»z. for the previous two weeks. If the mine maintains the improvement, dividends are certain.- After this month the West Comet will have 00,000 shares to levy upon, the last call having squared the difference between the paids' and contribs. Some 10,000 shares have been forfeited and annexed by the company. London shareholders in tfce Lady Lnch are very much disappointed at the return of ulWoz. from 29t> tons, and call for an explanation. No fuller explanation than the fact can be furnished. The Btone yielded DoOoz. mainly because there was no more gold in it. The MKimmie reports another good sale of ore, 20 tons turning in X2S0. Leaves a fair profit on working expenses. The company intends sinking a new main ehaft and equipping it with suitable machinery. Sebastopol flateau No. 1'e are keeping their end up well. The north drive at 00O feet still carries gold, but not payable, so it should not be long before the company gets on to a profitable ran. Then see how Sebastopol flats, will move. llallarat's November calls, £17,051 13s. 4d.; dive, JE1-100. , , „ From Woodspoint; " Victor's looks well, ditto Argyle, and New Loch Fyne splendid. Lindy s Dream appears to he a dream to all of us who ve Been it l«W«r I late London float) has started work, likewise the Ben Lomond. Have seen t latter and think they've undertaken a big job— no hope of returns for a long time." R.B. Quartz reckons to have a much-improved return this month, somewhere in the neighbourhood of 400iK, This would leave a good profit, so the company will bave a good deal of money in hand with which to prosecute the development work contemplated. Band and Albions are enjoying a lively racket, and a welcome one, too, from a market point of view. From a good source PnNca hears the improvement is much better than the public have been led to believe. The management, had so often with temporary spurts of fair stone, want to make certain this time of the developments All this means a lift to the Star of the East, for if the Band stone lives it will have ground fnm the J300 to tlie I'lOOft. level to work upon. Northern Star, Ballarat, is pushing on with its prospecting at J2."»0ft. for thB Guiding Star lode. A crosscut is also seeking the same run of stone at the !)00ft. level. Northerns are well worth watching. Lone 'Tunnel has paid its 201st dividend. The Toombon has 20ioz. from the month's milling. This may produce another 3d. div. A director and a shareholder in the Curtin- Davis junction writes to PUNCH mentioning that a requisition was sent to the legal manager on Sth October, signed by several large shareholders (including three directors), requesting him to call a meeting of directors immediately. So far the request has been ignored. It is time the shareholders took active steps to have a meeting called, and, if they are studying their interests, wind up the concern, as the sections have repeatedly been condemned as " duffers." Colonel North, Zeehan, having completed the erection of winding and pumping machinery, will now proceed to sink the main shaft a further 100ft. before opf-mng out on the big lodo discovered in the shallower level. The company has about £000 in hand, and that sum, it 16 anticipated, will see irn to payable metal- New Hopeful, Bendigo, expects to meet with the New Argus run of payable stone in about 10ft. of crosscutting. For a cheap flutter New opafuls seem the right thing. 