IAe 6;'u readers a~fe alrtoeady aware an n~ k;1autirltural conference of the various g oloies has recently been held at Ade. ahlde, angl the.repurt of proceedings, as far bt3irhnvo yet appeared in print, were furnished by Mr. Sydney Smith, Minister for Mines, on his return, and they appeared in our issue of Tuesday last,' The resolutions passed at the conference were ten in number, and the third ?,lourth and tenth would at first eight appear to take premier position in regard to their Importance as affecting the interests of producers in this district of the colony. The third reads as follows :-" That it is necessary to ansist the producers to overcome the diffioulties attouendant on the distanco and delay of returns from the worlds :marketot either by direct advances or by X1 Stato, or frop on boar4 on approved produce, or by facilitating of such ad vance by the issue of a certificato negotiable and payable on re turn of proceeds, or by ;such other methods as may best suit the require menots of each. Though this resolution is not as perspicuous as it might have been, it will be easily understood, that as the dairymeni cannot wait the four or perhaps six months for his returns when his produce has booeen sent to the English market, somebody must find it for him at least monthly. But that in volves a strain upon capital and the payment of heavy bank interest, or a mortgage on the produce which, so far, as the dairyman is concerned, is the same thing; and this, in addition to freight and other charges, is found to be a heavy tax on the producer, which if advanced by the banks, amounts pro bably to eight per cent.; but if found by the State would be only half that amount. With this difference that the State loses nothing, while to the pro ducer it means all the d florence be tween profit and loss. Indeed the cost of waiting for freight, insurance, con tingencies and sales at both ends, as they exist at present, amounts to pretty near twenty per cent., or £20 in every 100, and if this could be reduced one half without costing the State. one farthing, or taxingthemany forthe bene fit of the few, it becomes a public duty to inaugurate such a scheme. This is the evident intention of the resolu'ion, and tilere can be no doubt of its practic.a bility, but it would be resisted by the agents, whose occupation would be gone, by the banks, whose advances at heavy interest would be no longer required, and by Mr. M'Millan, whose business and shipping interests would probably be disarranged. At all events something of the kind is required be fore the dairymen of this colony will have the ghost of a chance with their competitors in the English market, In view of the foregoing, the fourth resolution is important, and reads as follows :-" That the experts of the various colonieasin London hold a con ferenoce and report ',thr.ugh their Ag- nte-Gepral as'to tlibestt~stent of disttiib tio;l calculated to reatise the fullct.valuefor the agricultural pro, ducts of Austialia." Since the opening of the River Mersey from Liverpool to Manchester for ships of the largest tonnage, it has been broadly and con' fidently asserted that to send all the Australian butter to one port is not in the interests of the producers, and that higher prices would rule if consignments were regularly sent to Manchester. This subject, however, cannot. be judiioously settled at this end, and it is more than probable Mr Sydney Smith and the conference have adopted the wisest course possible for the solution of' this knotty question. It may be, for ought we know, that the calling of the mail boats at the different English ports before reaching London for landing mails, and. Australian produce would involve a greater cost than its distribu tion from London to the other centres of population by rail, in which ease the wisdom of the tenth resolution will be evident, namely, "That on receipt of the report from the experts in London, the Minister for Agriculture in New South Wales convene a meeting of the reproe sentatives of the various colonies to be held in Sydney." But it would have been expedient and wise if the ques tion,of "seeking uniform legislation in the colonies that no ..meat shall be exported unless it shall have been inspected.and certified as -free from disease;" and "that with regard to dairy produce, fruit and wine, a uniform system of inspection or mark ing" had been relegated' to the same tribunal. The question of grading and branding butter is, as before admitted, a delicate one, on which therosis ample room for two opinions, but admitting the general principle of assisting the industry, it is only a matter of detail, which will be. adopted or rejected 'as experience may dictate, Viotoria has certainly taken the lead in butter exportationi, realising better prices than New' South Wales, and though. her diirymen have not 'been paid as well as ours, it would be well to inquire if this priority is not the result of two causes,. uniformity in grade and brand,. The policy of Mr. M'Millan would, if carried out, reject the proposal of assist. ance to the dairying'.industry alto. gather, yet remain silent as the grave at the large expense of artesian boring for the special benefit of the drown tenants or pastoraliets. There was a time when we complimented him on being the best Colonial Treasurer we over had, whose ,budget epoechos although the shortest-gave a better synopsis, a clearer insight or idea of the finances of the colony than any by his predecessors, and oven now we do not know his equal in this respect; but we annot endorse his coddling one industry and refusing aosistance to another. In the Amuonbhly the other night he doolared his loyalty to the principles of rooitrado and direst tnuntiop, an4 in the same breath condemed the Goorn mout for introducing the latter at an inopportune time, just as if thore could, be an opportune time to tax anybody in aenow direction, or as if failing to do so would tih have boon a broach of faith on the part of the Ministry. On the same ocecasion he oendemned the Premier for his speeches in favour of Upper House reform;, yet he was silent when the lato Sir Henry Parkes did the same thing for the self-same reason. Both were equally offensive to a majority of the Council, end if we remember correctly Mr. M'Millan was a member of the Parkes' Ministry at the time. Roferring to the death of the late veteran he further said that when he retired from office in 1891 he closed his political career, and with equal truth it may be said Mr. M'Millan has not been the same politician since his return from England. 