The Golden Rock ; OR LAURA ANSTRADE. By ERNEST GLAKVILLE. o Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "The Fossickers," Etc. . — ;n>- — — CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) "Now, get below for a sluice and a dram," cried the cheery voice of the lieu tenant, whose idea of handling a crew was not according to naval instructions. The men trooped down the narrow com- panion-way laughing and jolting in tneir excitement; hut the roar of the enemy s guns as he fell round to port, and brought his starboard broadside to bear, was a summons that brought them tumb ling on deck again ere they had time to wipe their mouths with a back-handed swipe. "Steady, men, and to your quarters, said the Captain, quietly; "all but the men for the big gun, who will go below." Five men had taken their position about the big gun, which stood with its chase pointing up, as though looking away to the horizon for its enemy. These men stood astonished at the order. "Below, men," said Lieutenant Web ster, approaching them, "you'll not be wanted till morning," he added, as he noted their sidelong looks. They went down in silence; and, by the pressure of a button in the conning tower, the Captain lowered the long gun into the deck, the same machinery slid ing a heavy shield of toughened steel over the opening left by its disappear ance. This gun had been specially built for the catcher, and was of a larger cali bre than the guns usually carried by that kind of craft. It rose or fell on a strong, powerful lever, on a modified principle used for the disappearing guns; and the frame 'of the ship had been strengthened amidships to bear the strain. It could be loaded and fought on deck, or loaded below and fired from the conning tower when at close quarters, and had been christened "The Ghost," after a trial made before reaching Maderla. "The Ghost" was turned out at the Elswick Works, and could fire 60 501b projectiles in ten "minutes. "We've laid our ghost," said Webster to Hume, who, being quite fresh to this part of the business, stood looking out. into the darkness astern in a state of suspense; "we've laid our ghost, and must raise theirs." "Is that th#t you, Mr Webster?" said the Captain, leaning over the bridge. "Yes, sir!" "I must ask you to go to your cabin," "To my cabin, sir?" "Yes; I will not want you till day break, and you will fight all the better then, for a good sleep. Take off the men from the 6-pounders — the fewer on board the better." Webster went below with six men from the two guns, leaving on deck eight hands in all to work the two 12-pounders. One of these was at the wheel in the conning tower; another was stationed forward on the look-out; and the others were in two steel towers, which were aft, about three feet above deck. protecting the men from the hail of anissiles that might be discharged from the machine guns, while their sloping sides would deflect larger projectiles. "Mr Hume!" Sir." ""Join me on the bridge." Frank mounted to the low bridge, and Went close to the dark figure of the Cap tain for companionship. They were alone unprotected by steel armour, and for himself he experienced a feeling of complete helplessness. He felt that up there he was a mark for every gun aim ed at the Swift, and that without any power of retaliation. "It is a fine night," he said, aimlessly, looking up at the starry sky. "It Is a fine night, indeed," said the Captain, taking hold of his beard with both hands; "but there'll be rain in the morning." Frank brought his eyes down from the stars to a red eye that gleamed far astern. The Captain took a couple of 6teps and spoke down the tube: "Please at- tend to your fires; there are too many sparks." Frank wondered at the Captain's quiet tones. Usually lie was sharp and rough; now he spoke as though he were asking for a second cup of tea. "I knew it," said the Captain. The red eye astern was dimmed by two livid flashes. Frank beard the dull reports, and then with a thrill down his back listened to the cry of the shells as they sped on. The enemy had yet done no damage, but he knew that these shrieking messengers had at last scent ed their foe. He jerked his head vio lently as the shriek rose to a fiendish scream, and a swift rush of air swept across Ills fa.ee, whilst tlhe crushing of iron behind him told that the shot had struck. It passed through the forward funnel as though it had been a piece of paper, and the smoke came pouring out of the holes. "They've got our range at last, and its lucky for us they have no search light." "I'll go and get my rifle," said Frank. The Captain chuckled: "She's a mile off, at least; and if not, you might just as well puff at a whale with a pea-sliooter. Still, I know how you feel. It's devi lish hard to stand fire without giving back." He raised Ills voice; "Fire." The 12-pounders spoke together, belch ing out balls of fast revolving smoke, and spurring the ship on with their re coil. "Tt'c nn o-nnrl nf miircp" muttprpri thp Captain; "but it will encourage them to keep up the chase." "Why not give tliem the big gun, Cap tain?" asked Frank, impatiently. "A waste of ammunition; and we'll want all we iiave when we get near the end of our voyage. I could turn and en gage them, but 1 like to see what I am about, and all I want to do now is to encourage them. There she goes round; see her port lights; she'll give us anoth er broadside, and do you count the flashes." "Count the flashes," thought Frank; "does lie think this is a review 7" The 12-pounders let go at the row of lights, and as the smoke rolled away there came a muttered roar, and in an instant, it seemed to Frank, tire air was full of shells. The water- was cut up astern, and one projectile struck the turtle- backed deck forward, and went humming into the black of the night. "She carries six guns to the broadside, I think. What do you make it?" "A dozen, at least, Captain, and heavy : mettle," said Frank, wetting his lips. "No more than six and 12-pounders. A ! larger shell sets up a different music, as ! you will soon learn. Stiil I don't like It, their gunners are too smart." The Captain took a turn up and down the bridge, then sent a shout to the quar- termaster to cease fire. "Mr Hume, you will find a life-belt on the starboard side, ! opposite the hatchway, with a canister J attached. Cut it adrift." | Frank found the belt and Eent it over- j board. | "Keep her three Btrokes to the port." I The steersman starboarded the helm, | and the Swift went off at an angle to her | former course, whilst the canister, on reaching the water, flared out in a bril liant blaze in the ship's former wake. Before Frank had reached the bridge the enemy had come round hnd fired his two forward guns, then, keeping on to j port, quickly let go his starboard broad- | side. The water about the floating light j was dashed up In showers. The Captain slapped Hume on the back I as he reached the bridge. "That's a sim- j pie trick, eh! and we could slip away as easy as winking if we had a mind to. Lord, won't they howl when they find how they have been done!" There came a heavy guffaw from the towers aft as the men saw through the Captain's joke. . ''Lord, there he goes again," as the for- ward guns again belched forth, "what a ferocious devil the commander must be. He takes that light to be a Hare, and imagines he is firing at a crippled ship, the devil." ' The quartermaster came forward. "The enemy has slackened off. sir." "Is that so?" said the Captain, taking a long look at the steamer's lights. "Ha, I have it," and he smacked his list in his hand, showing the first symptoms of ex citement. "He thinks we've gone down, and we'll lay to till morning, which can't be far off." "There'll be a grey light in an hour, sir!" The Captain kept his eye on the steam er's light, which rose and fell, but kept Its place. "Quartermaster, take your men below for some hot grog and a bite, and rouse Mr Webster." "Aye. aye, sir!" The Captain went to the tube. "Slack en speed, Mr Dickson, and be very care ful with your fires. Starboard your helm; bring her round." The Swift went round with a steady swing, bringing the enemy's light on her port bows Istead of over her starboard stern rails. The men lingered awhile to see the manoeuvre finished, and then went be low, satisfied there was to he a fight. "Keep her on that course nuw," said the Captain to the steersman. "Mr Webster," he continued, as that officer stepped briskly up and took a glance round, "see that everything is in readiness, and that the men take their positions without a word. Within an hour the fight will begin." "Begin, sir? You've been at it this past three hours, and I've been in and out of my hunk a dozen times, while fine men are all on the quiver." "We haven't come to knocks yet. I'll present my card in the morning with a 501D rat tat." Webster laughed gaily as he set about Ills duties, and presently the men gather ed silently to their posts, some of them every now and again stealing to the sides to make out the whereabouts of the enemy and the meaning of the man oeuvre which puzzled them, as one might gather from their whispered arguments. The Swift stretched back towards the eastern horizon, where the darkness was quickly melting Into the grey of dawn, and a deep silence rested on the ship, a.nd over the shining heave of waters. Slowly the enemy's light was overhauled, then sank astern, but the Swift kept on , its way until a tint appeared in the sky l and the stars suddenly paled, j "The time has come," said the Captain. | I "Are you all ready?" "Aye, aye, sir!" came the answer in ! suppressed tones. "Round with her, my man, cn the port i tack." | The Swift rushed round, and there was j a murmur of admiring criticism from the j old tars as they now understood ihe meaning of the Captain's manoeuvre. "They are satisfied now," said tiie Cap- I tain, grimly, to Frank. "They thought all along, I'll be hound, that I could not j fight this ship." "I confess, sir, I don't understand your tactics." "Well, I suppose you don't. The enemy's fighting strength is evidently in her bow guns. So is ours. I have got the 'van tage of her by going into action on her beam. Mark me, before she can bear her how guns on us she'll be crippled. Full steam ahead!" he shouted, and the low craft rushed forward. The whole horizon on the East was now bathed in the light, and in a moment the blood-red disc of the sun flamed above the black line of the waters, while streamers of light shot Into the sky. Straight ahead there rose a dark object. A shaft of golden light stretching across the waters struck full upon It, and there stood out, in a glory of softest fire, the tall masts and long black hull of the Brazilian ship. She was at rest, rising and falling gently; but there was a ter rible awakening in store. Every minute brought her into clearer relief, though from the dark background beyond there was a blurr about her deck, out of which, however, presently there emerged dis tinct objects— her boats, her bridge unoc cupied, the gilt scroll under lier stern, over which idly drooped the Brazilian flag; and last of all, the chases of her port broadside, grimly projecting, witli a glint of red sunlight on their smooth cy linders. The two vessels were now distant about six hundred yards, and at last the careless look-out on the Brazilian ship saw something alarming astern in the fierce rush of the low grey craft. Some men dashed up the rigging to get a bet- ter view, and a small group gathered on ; the br idge. "We'll wake "em up," shouted the Cap tain, springing into the conning tower and prosslngra button, which brought up "The Ghost" from its bed. The real action had begun; the night's work had been child's play. There was 1 a terrific din an the long gun threw shot ' after shot, and in ten minutes a dense | bank of smoke enveloped the Swift. The \ firing was suspended a minute. I The captain stood in the conning tow er, his hands on the wheel, and his eyes fixed in a narrow slit under the steel roof. Giving a turn of the wheel to star- | board, lie brought the stein free of the i smoke, and saw the enemy slowly ; gathering way, while men rushed about I her decks in a state of terrible confusion at this sudden tempest of shells that had poured upon them. Some damage had been done evidently, but principally to her top rigging. And S now she spoke from her stern guns, but j nut allowing sufficiently for her height, j the first stinging flight of shells went j over the catcher. i "Stand by the G-pour.ders! " cried the | Captain, his voice rising to a roar. "De- ' press your muzzle, Mr Webster. Fire!" | Again there was another tremendous fusillade, continuous and deafening, while the men's eyes smarted from the sulphur in the smoke, and their throats grew dry and husky. For five minutes j the rain of lead was kept up, a.nd from | the three guns one hundred projectiles I tore into the sloop, plunged along the port side, and shattered her rigging. Lieutenant Webster devoted his second storm of fire at the stern guns, and the I stanchions and bulwarks about them j were ripped up, and the guns themselve s i dismounted. The order to eease fire was again given, and the captain made a point to star- board just as the sloop was swinging | round to bring her port broadside to 1 bear. The ships were now but two hundred yards off, the sloop bearing off from the port quarter of 1 lie catcher in her at- I tempt to come round ;»id bring her bow | guns to bear. Once she could do that she i could blow the Swift out of the water, | but Captain Pardee had foreseen the | manoeuvre and was ready for it. Count- | ing upon the narrow turning power of his boat, he swept on, and suddenly put the wheel hard to port, bringing the vessel round within her own length, and bringing the boats stern to stern. At the same moment lie flashed the signal below to fire the stern torpedoes. Then he stepped out to watch the effect, and the i men, with heaving chests, and smoke- blackened faces, from which their eyes glared with the fever of battle, watched loo. There was a cry from tire deck of the sloop, as they saw the leap from the tubes of the two torpedoes, a hoarse cry from the Captain to the man at the wheel, a terrible pause, and then two lines of bubbles below the water marked tiie swift rush of the deadly tubes. One line, it was seen, would continue free of tiie ship, the other went straight for lier stern, and a sailor, in a mad fit of rage, first discharged his rifle at the ap proaching torpedo, then plunged over board with a wild yell. A moment later there was a muffled roar, a vast column of water was thrown up. followed by a rending and grinding noise. The stern of the sloop was raised, then settled down in the trough of a great sea raised by the explosion. The torpedo had reached its mark, and Captain Pardoe stood by to give what assistance he could. There was the wildest consternation on board the sloop, and the rending noise continued; hut though she lay helplessly on the water she showed no signs of sinking. The men on board the Swift set up a hoarse cheer, and shook each other by the hand. "It's twenty minutes since we went into action," said Webster, wiping the blood from his brow. "Three cheers for our captain, men," and, waving his hat, he led the hurrahs. "For the. love of God," cried a voice in English from the sloop, "help us!" "Strike your flag!" cried the captain. The gay flag came down, and the cap tain brought the Swift nearer. "What is the matter?" "Your cursed torpedo has blown away our propeller, and the shaft — oh, sane t a Maria! — listen to it — is breaking the ship." "Why don't you shut off steam?" "Our engineer is dead. Demonios ! Don't talk, but act." "I'll send our engineer to you."- "Quick, quick!" Mr Dickson came up from the bowels of tiie Swift, where without the stimu lant of action, he had stood by his work, animating his men with a quiet courage, which was the finer because he stood irt absolute darkness regarding the pro gress of the fight, and knew that at any. moment he might be sent to the bottom a helpless victim in an iron prison. His face was white and streaming with perspiration, and at the first touch of the cold air he reeled with dizziness, but when told what was required of him, h6 prepared for his new task without a word. The Swift moved gently under tile tall sides of the sloop, and the en gineer, with Webster, llume, and six men, were quickly on board. Mr Dick son went at once to the engine-room3 whence proceeded a truly infernal din. "Where is the captain?" asked Web ster of a dozen men round him. A short, thick-set, bullet-headed man', witli a neck like a bull, and moustaches that readied up to Ills ears, stepped forward. "Your sword, Senor Juarez!" "I must know to whom 1 am asked to surrender," "To the National flag." said Webster, haughtily. "Carambo! that is an excellent jest Is the flag broad enough to cover the ships of every nation ? And why should 1 sur- ' render my sword?" lie asked with a fierce scowl, while his officers drew near threa teningly. Webster stepped quickly to the bul warks, and called to Captain Pardoe to stand away. That officer went at once full speed as tern, and lay-to a cable length off, with, the men at their guns. "You sec?" said Webster. The Brazilian captain, with a terrible malediction, broke Ills sword over his knee. " A thousand, thunders ! " lie roared, while the black blood swelled in his tem ples, "to think I should have been beaten by that — that thing — and scarcely a beat's crew hurt." "H is the fortune of war," said Web ster, looking around. "But while ws talk the ship may lie sinking for want of a little sailor-like care. Have you a spare sail, senor?" Tiie Brazilian captain folded his arms and spat on the deck. " You surly brute," cried Webster. "Here, men, cut away the mizen sail." In a trice the British sailors swarmed up to the mizen yard and cast loose tlio sail, which came down with a thud, knocking a couple of yellow-faced sailors off their legs, whereat the tars up aloft laughed. At tills a dozen of the enemy, drew their knives and looked to their captain -for a word, It." was a -ticklish, moment, and Hume drew a revolver, "which he instantly pre-; soiled at Juarez., ''Gootir my lad," said Webster. "Shoot him down if lie moves a foot. Do you. understand, senor?" Juarez glared like a wild beast, and a' hoarse, unintelligible cry escaped from his thick lips, hut lie kept quiet, while Webster, without another look at the scowling group, quickly slipped the great sail over tiie side, and had it drawn round and up over the damaged stern. In the meantime, Mr Dickson, working down below, had stopped the engines; and explored the shaft funnel, ascertain ing the extent of the damage done by the shaft in its unchecked revolutions. He came on deck, wearied out, to be met by; dark looks. "What's the meaning of this?" said he, "The meaning is," cried Webster, with a bitter look of contempt round, " that these cowardly hounds won't lift a finger to help us, and I'm if my men will do another stroke to save them. Let the ship sink, and she is sinking fast." "And you'll sink with us," roared Jua rez. " Down with them, slit their throats." There was a rush of men, and the little party were hemmed in. A young officer hounded forward with" drawn sword, and, wheeling round, faced his man. "Diavolo," he hissed, through his clenched teeth, " what devil's game is this? You called to these gentlemen, in your fear, to help you, and now you would turn on them like base assassins. I tell you," he cried passionately, 'fit shall not be." Webster and Hume, with their "blue eyes flashing, ranged up on either side o£ their unexpected friend, while the Bri tish tars stood with their cutlasses ready. Captain Pardoe, seeing something amiss, drew near. "Do you hear?" he shouted, "if you harm my men not one of you will escape." 1 The young officer repeated the mess- (Commenced Publication August 22.\ , ape, and the men whispered among themeelven, then threw down their arms. Juarez shot a venomous look at his Officer, and placed his foot upon a knife. Which, presently, he drew toward him. Webster thanked the gallant foe for his assistance, and assured him that the eloop would keep afloat until they reached Madeira He then turned to the fide to speak to Captain Pardoc. while Frank Hume walked aft to Bee what damage had been wrought by the fire of the catcher. There was a cry, and they turned to see the young officer fall, struck to the heart by the vengeful captain. The next instant Juarez himself was cut to the deck by a slashing blow from a cut lass. At this act of black treachery the Small boarding party were ready to make a furious rush, but the sloop's of ficers and men looked on themselves ap palled, while a young fellow, quite a boy, flung himself on the officer's body in passion of grief, then suddenly spring ing up, drew his knife and advanced to wards Juarez. "Enough," said Webster, sternly. "Kill the black-hearted dog," screamed the Brazilian sailors, giving vent to the hate for their brutal commander, which po doubt had been long pent up. "I see," said Webster, with a grim smile; "we must get tills fellow on board to save him from his friends." Ho signalled to the Swift, and when she came alongside, Juarez, who stilW breathed heavily, waa lowered to her deck. "What's to be done with the sloop, Sir?" "Oh, leave her If Bhe can float, and tliink ourselves lucky to be free of a gang of prisoners." "She can reach Madeira by means of her sails." "Take a look round, then, and come aboard." iWebster and Hume went aft, where all the damage done by the Swift's guns had taken place, and there they found the bulwarks smashed to splinters, the two guns overturned, and the deck wet iA'ith blood from a dozen dead. With a last word of advice to the gloomy and silent officers of the sloop, i Webster stepped over-board, and very soon the Swift went on her way. (To be continued.) An enthusiast describee the bicycle br being "as strong as a horse, as light as a baby, as swift as tlie wind, and as comfortable as a rocking chair." 