. —-J j gg!g-J MASTER ' WOLB'tO U RT OR. Ff?OH)iTfifcACrt£ffV'WiC TRUST. , r, ' ;'.iO j .u/ '.':! . ' . — — Aaibot- W'1 '"SAoi eilOC rnnpnnniijl.? .« A Wclflli jrmpfu/V «f 33he. Otnefoil - Jtfyfitery," i a i i/ ..-rrr— > . .' - CHAPTER XVI. — (Continued). " 7 don't thigk.yqu Kill. Dr. .Gra-. fcaip.JiBS l)eehVer>,iriiucli' puzzlek by her symptoms, and when I tpll him, .this it Mllhno -doubt throw light on the matter. Anyway, J'oui .can ,be chaijgrl ed .with/attempted poisoning/ "Oil, Grace, you. should have seen him; he was mad. 1 cannot tell vou all he sajcl,.but he;vowed he'd hiake Alice return to the Place. At last we came to terms, ( I agreed that she ehopld go hack ftrt,!&ht;(M(irlngiai)jt!me he should iVnake -'an'aTigem'ents fowa year's ( travelling. jyiien hp ,has ,Jea England,- Alice anfl' I ''are gcing to .the south. -oT liJnglantT'frpr' /the I winter,' /re turning lo . 018 / tTOurt Place , in the. spring.- Then 1 "shall reside with hpr woN ;d cmfwy CmfW' '-emfwcincJnfcmc until »lktarttn%s!,turnJ at . the 'close ,oi next fnimmer."" By that time he will no doubt be better able ' to appreciate her. for, you know, absence makes the heart grow fooder.'-'i ' ' " "Did Alice-agree to this?" ' " No, she strongly objected. Jo g'iihg back at all, but I told her' it would be very much better for: tier to do'sd, 'or Martin might refuse to allow her an in come. At last .-she gave in, arid 'wtifen the carriage 'from the Place came I drove there with her, in order to give niy precious son-in-law-a further caution! The way she cried, 'however, when 3 Heft her quite upset me. and I was vexed," too, as she. let both Downs hhd the fooLniau hear Sier raay;thfere would be trouble if I left iier at the Place. J Uidii't jCire jfeo'-much about Downs; but that footman will be silre to gossip about it. and I half w'i&ta; lOiadn't taken Iter babk,- for ."there" wafe a nasty. lookvn Martin's fafc'e-'whlch r didn't like. ahd !Aliet\ poor girl, seemed' almost dlesfcer- ak\ ns she said, just before I -got into the carriage: . "'What ever happens, you will re-- metnber I warned .you ppt to bring me back.' ! WpV' «r\ v V ' 'O h G race ' ' — aridM rs tutt burt.into tears-7-i'i cannot get itut of;myh<afl that she may. intend, to lake -her -own life/:' . J ! "Oil, no; Alice. »von'£.;do- that," said Grace. !'! "I don't knpw- She seemed just heart broken when I left, her, and I keep1 wishing that I hadn't -forced her to go" back, To tell the truth, the marriage has beep a failure, and I wish Td let her have Sidney Delaney," she continued.1 "She would have .been happy then, pom- girl," remarked Qrace, sadly. , "Well, T did it for the best; and I don't think Martin dare injure her now. Any way. J-shaU -geefDr Gvatfame!- and" f fancy this will be a £ood time to find' him at home;". and drawing her veil bveP her face tp hide the traces 'of tears; Mrs' Stun departed. When she had gone, Grace looked at lier companion: , ; ; t ; "l>o you think she is safe with Mar tin?' ' "For the present, as he daren't tiy to pols«m her now. Glvehlm "two dr 'three months, and he would find a way to' get rid of her; but luckily he .won't have thai time. I have got a .very gpod print . from that negative, and 1 am going to take the train to -ScoVsby, as I intend giving such information to the police as Will compel them to arrest Martin." "Then you have made up your mind Pot to spare him?" , "How can I? Surely, jn face df what Mi>:Sturt has told us. you would not spare him?" "If the matter rested in my hands. I should give him a chance to leave the country, on the understanding that he Jtev-i returned." replied Grace. 'Never!" sai.l Mrs Carruthers. em phatically. . . "When shall you go to Ccorsby?" "1 have been looking at the time table, and 1 see there isn't a train until four o'clock, fend/1 'dhall not be able to get bark until eight." "Then 1 will have dinner an hour lat'-r." sajd Gvac. vcry-raruvel\y Th.-wltternnn.ttyheS Grace had Mrs Cariu(lfere<Mopaft.,he dressed Tor walking. Ever since her companion had nvow.'il her intention of giving informa tion to the policp Grace had fell miser able. She had no liking for Martin—nav she Toatjiod/htyri— butfstie shrank --from being accessory to his death, and such a shameful dsuth. At last she resolved that Ph.- would warn him, and so give him n chance to escape. Perhaps, faraway, in pqVejJy Qti olf- seurity. h" might repent. At anv rat#, he should have the cJiabpcMscT Jevyfg, the house, she set off To" pay "her first v&t; todd Copnt Piajte., <&me;<iri sight t#F t-Jie park gates sluw-r (prahame's gig drive flMvugh.raodL seeing her, the doctor threw the reins to his groom and sprang out. " Mrs Ba rron V'i-G rat inqui red, anxiouaiyr' ry#-.;- i . "lllucfe wetter 1n"iieaAb. 'There is no return of the bad sypaptojns. but. sh/ is very much djstressed-ih miad! frs Stfirt told me she had takprj you into her con fidence. so thought T would tell you thai she is quite safe to-day. Mr Bar ron has gone to fork, and won't' be 'back until half-past nine o;$dqck. I fancy he .Went on purpose to avoi<j me, but all the same r-khall giveTiiin'a hint, and' of course I shall watch Mrs Barron's sym- toms until -he is'out of England! i" won't hfeM' any tricks played," he' said, stern ly. "J (I'tnT think tie will do her: any in jury now." replied Grace, very gravely. She was thinking he wouldn't have the chance. f a ';& "Very likely not, novy he kiibtcaj flm on the alert. Wel good afternoon. Miss Sturt;"4 iuJ,-fa|sliig JiishtLt, Dr Gra- banif r tppunted iatAithe' glg-«Sid d rove away while Grace turned slowly home- Ward. resolving to tfyty ftfattbi/p! visit about ten o'clock th'at night It would be disagreeable going at such an hour, /bptslje jwould db iit; tie should have one more chance to repent o the poUcetation, Khor.sbe-reques- ted an interview JWithitjiesiip'Hnten- 'flent, and was at once shown into his \- '/'.« 4aV; V He Kas an elderly man with Iron grey air, and keen, Inquisitive byes, which look a rapid survey of his visitor. "Mr KJteon, jbeliqye;" she paidi fcow- i hS slightly: ' And h'e waited for her to state her business. oii'?Core Tuxther, i have a- ®hg,ht"b.ltefwton "to make in my appear ance. which will, perhaps; enable y<Su to 1 cognise fhe... I now ypifiavehSeep mci yme yeaia agp/' she said, as -she (463) iamietlyttSMbvibF hifflfiSfet tnH "veil; then, by a skilful movement, she lifted the mass of white hair, and showed un derneath a crop of short curly lialr of 4 reddish gold. ( LuyingptMRJg &Btocfp;£dbs4j£EhriJS there ne gnSveMjeifjgtiefiaclfes;| then, takinspiMaifV||n' <j&t; of fc dmall satcra,h%ubhe(t41ifei |6aS <jfT her chfiiA'affljkhhh dr it causeuie atrijtahitofilsafSWr revealing a delicate white skin. "Good gracious, Miss Goddardj;: ex-, claimed the superintendent. i | t She looked quickly at him. V# ft h "lou are the first jerson wlio n re cognised me. as every one elsAhas taken' me for my younger sister." But "of" douree, II is daylight, and the others > have seen me by moon or lamp light." "Then such a mistake might be made, 7or there al\\.yfe iWafr-aTery shp'hlilsfe- J ness; but M1ss"AgathaI nlean Mrs 33ar- ron— looked younger. apdj?rigbtef; ItToiX" will excuse me saying so." "Yes, but I have beeifit&lc;&n; for her spirit, and ghosts are not usually, sup posed to look." bright,!'-.- 'Arid- nW'TortHo ,-buslness which has bropght. me Jieiv. . l;have come to give infoi&kifbft;'rcgiftb-' .ing my brother's murderej. , , r.t He started. ' : s ' "Do you mean tn zap kuw,- v;ho killed Captain Gbfidald. < "Yes, MartipBarron-phg(t|||im.'' . "1 suppbSb'ybu navir'ooCT.'o support " yyur statement, ,Miss G.oddaj-d?; . "Yes, amppproOf of !th"e?mur4di%;also of the nbducuon' of Pliyllis 13lbunt. - "Good gracious!" he exclaimed, now fully on the alert. "Yes. but before making a stalementj Vmust ask you to address mo, for the -present, as Mrs Cavruthers. I am living with Miss Sturt' companion. 'and not" wisiiing Martin Barron to recognise me, liladopted thai nam<\and.disgutscd',my- .self." ' ' "Do you mean with Miss. 3turt» of the Galiles. Wolfcrden'e?" he asked. . "Yes; I wanted to gather a little more evidence, and I thought I could get it if 1 cativ- to Wolfai'dokiefdisguised. iict me see, you had charge of the case, and will of course remember the details?" "Yes. I temembor them perfectly Svell." CHAPTER XVII.— A TRAGIC DEED. "You will remember that the bullet; which killed my brother was a very' small one. such as would only be used ,iii a very small revolver .therefore could similar bullets, or a weapon into which they fitted, have been discovered, it would have been a strong piece of evi; dence a"ga1nst th£ person Sri whose pos session they were found," said Mrs Car- ruthers. ; ; , , . - r; 7 . "'OCburse- it would, >f reiJlled the suirlTithdent. ' "Then there was a silver sleeve link found, and the policy £X£rted;, them-; selves in vain to trace tlie fellow to it."-8 sbe said. "Quit j'jght," he said, bowing. i'Then I can give you 'some informa-' tion regarding these items, but firei read that letter;" and Mrs Carruthers lianded it to him. Tt ran as follows;— » , ("Dear Maude, — For some .time 1 have 'been l"thfc! victim of conflicting feelings. < Knowing what 1 do 1 have felt that I ought to reveal it and let Clifford's mur derer be brought to justice; but he is- my husband, and at one. time I loved him above any human helngr .You wilH iinde)-6d.- something of tjhe conflict which' has gone on in my mind/ and at laet Hjnable- tO'decideTtie matter, I have resolved to leave it in your hands. I am leaving England for ever; it is my intention to. -settle -ifi San Francisco. Mrs Holdert's sister," 'who is returning to herJiome there, -has uffered me a post as companion, which I have gladly ac cepted. riVhen I am far Away, you can 'make' what use you like of the following state ment, and the proofs of Martin's guilt, which I leave with Lady Cathcart, who will hand them over to you when re quested. i I Jjould never have" brought my/ra(hd;,|:o ' this .pojirse save for the vilo insinuation, which I have repeatedly heard, that our father had murdered Clifford. A little while before the. ter rible tragedy happened', Martin showed me a revolver, so small that it was al most a toy, saying that he had bought it when travelling in Germany the pre-, yious summer. 1 asked why he car ried it. and he said that in the winter he had been attacked by a poacher, against tyhom he had at cine -time giv en evidence, and the man. had vowed to be revenged; so lie thought it was as well to be -prepared, <4dnd though small. Ihe weapon would do deadly work. . Shortly after our marriage I found sonic half dozen small bullefs in Mr Barron's dressing case; they were in a small cardboard box. and enclosed with : them was a silver sleeve link. At the time I thought nothing of it, and did 'not even mention to Martin that 1 had son 'Them. AfU-r'hearlng of Clifford's nuir- ,der, however, and that the bullet which "had killed Jjjnt Kas.au.. exceedingly small onb, I remembered the box. and before leaving the house possessed mysc-lf of it.'. You will find' ft in Lafiy Cathcart's charge. That you may be guided to act justly and wisely 'if? tWe- prayer of 5 our heartbroken sister, AGATHA. P.S.— SipithtajJ, JfVttamekefeper at Old ICourt'Vk.jles.cify to Martin. hav ing possessed a pislol such as 1 describe lb; could have told us to whom the bul lets belonged if hetiad -Chosen, but he' was not questioned at' the' inquest. The sleeve-links were given-to Martin by his cousin. Lucia Dare.. >vho was India at the time the 'murder. No doubt she would recognise them .from, the description' glv&v1; IP' the English -papers; but Luci.Myho before her mar riage had a weakness for Martin, would hold her peace? ptiftTcularlS' as she dis liked liffor«d. . . . The- ?uperin leaden t laid the letter down. . . "Is Mrs Dare 'still in India ?' he asked: "-f'A "Shd is on her way home." ""Very" good. ,No\v, have you . llic sleeve- link and the bullets ?" Mrs Carruthers opened her saichel. and took-jf j'omlasrnall capdixiard bi>x? with an' elastic band round it. and, re moving the band, she opened it. and handed the superintendent half a dozen small bullets and a sver -sleve-link, . He looked at them carefully; then, crossing thoqni.'he unocked a drawer, from which he took a bullet and a sloeve- /Jink, which he compared Kith those Mrs Carruthers had given him. "The sleeve-link matches exactly, and the bullets'are"13entical," he said, as he crossing room, he unlocked a drawer, which|hoold>,jLeii retuped /to "Do you recognise this ?" she sad, as she placed the photogriph i b'f the idiot girl in his hand. 'V'\Nhy, it is FlirfJly fBloupM a knew 'her 'well, as your rather. Sir' 'Charles Goddard, had known my father, who was a surgeon, and he;vjacy, often .al lowed me to have a day's '"hooting" on ' hts estate. . On .these occasions T always \ Imd luncli fe.t- Birftrat4®', febt' lmPhylllo intimately." "Very well; she is living at Old Court Place." u-f- r a ' "Never!" exciajmM the uperlnten ;dent, nopggen ababk, And lfLr$ Carrqtliers told all .she knew -about" the idiot girl, and her suspicion that she was confie In the tower. : ' '"But it is <&1d to have been bricked tip," | he replied. \- >T am certain there is a way into if,' and a believe you will find the revolver there. T suppose you will -arrest Mr Barron?" she said. He considered a minute or two. "Well, yes, on the two counts— murder andapdpctlon " _ «. t Jben' shalU-ycjb arrest him .i" .. "" p'Tohiorrow morning, &riy; IfwiU get' warrant Co-night." A \ ' Tlfcn I thliij fhy bdislhessrJs j.con- udejp, and I supjp'bse yoii wiorrtajbjdctl to me making a little alteration in my appearance ?" she said, as she crossed to;hp5piahtelpiece, over Which a to in -or |vs placed: ( ,l u .. . , superintendent watched;, her take a poupleof bottles containing iiquidiout of >4far satfihei, and uheroceeded ' tb" stain her face and place the red scar on it The operation was quite artistically performed, and by the tfmehe hagot her spectacles on, and h'eh Wnhet and -veil Adjusted, the superintendent was lost in admiration. "You make up better than any female., detective I ever saw,? die said as she moved towards the door, '/Yes,' I have fouridj lt ntc&sary; to be particular/ 'or Mr Barron would have recpgjiised me. :The)Tly to-moiT5)j\' morning you will "arrest him. Good afternoon, Mr JKltson.'!, ... ' frGqod afternoon,' rftadam.''" then as the d6or closed on her he, thought : "I would sooneVlhavethat-K'oman'for my friend than Hmy enemy. v How -she £oes hate Baivon V And after all he did it. . Weil,- 1 alwhy's -suected him, And now I must see about the warrant." . -When .Afrs4 Caj'nithers v reached v the Gables It nearly eight o'clock/ so hastily changing her dress she joined Grace in tlie dining-room. During dinner there was vers little conversation, as it was' impbs'sihle while" the.jjutler was present, .to discuss the subject which engrossed both their minds. . .When they ' adjourned lo the : drawing-rooin, however, Grace inquired the result f her Interview with the superintendent of police, .and learned that Martin would be arrested early Die next morning. The next hour passed wearily,. Grace_ was oppressed by tlie awful doom which, threatened the man who had once been so much to her, and she longed to be- free .to warn him; but she was afraid of rousing her companlon'-a suspicions, therefore, it was not until a little after ten that she ventured to retire, know ing that Mrs Carruthers would soon follow her example. Then the house would be closed for the night, when it was her intention to -slip -out of"theside- door and make her way to the Hall.. Nor, was she disappointed, as Mrs'Car- ru there at once rose./ saying that she mig1it'as- well go to bed. though she couldn't sleep. The butler, knowing:that the. ladleB had retired, at once extin guished the lights and saw -that all was safe for the night. Grace, heard him doing all this as she sat near her dressingrbom window,, and very soon the house was .quiet. Then- she rose, and wrapping herself- in a' long dark cloak, she put a snug- fltting- toque on her head! An she opened the door of her room, she heard -the. hall' flock chime the quarter to eleven, and' she started with difemay. Wliat if Martin had reilred ? " Then- she remembered that .he would not have reached home until nearly ten, and he was one who always sat up late, so why meed she fear this night would be an exception ? Feeling somewhat reassured she stole < down the staircase, across the hall, and' passed out of the side door. Once-out- side the grounfls she hastened on., con- 1 gratulating herself that the mooh had not risen, «and - that the night was un usually dark, not that she had much fear of meeting any one. as the villagers usually retired early. Now. Grace had never been to Old Court Place, but she had seen the side entrance to the park — the one by which Mrs Carruthers had entered the night she frightened Martha Gee— so she turn ed -her steps in that .direction, as she. knew the principal gate would be secure ly locked. It was a good walk to this side gate, and by the time she passed the church, the clock was striking eleven. In the park she had to pause and consider In which" direction the house stood, and now the darkness was a disadvantage, as she had to proceed with caution, lest she should get out of her way. It was with a feeling of dismay and fear that she beard a distant clock chime the half-liour after eleven. I must.be near the house, and prob ably it was the clock on the stables," she thought. Her surmise proved correct, as in a minute or two she saw the outline of a : large building, and shortly she came to the iow iron side of the bouse. Sranding still she scanned the house carefully, but no lights were to be seen. Then, after all, she was too late, and Martin would be handed over to justice; Perhaps,' however, he might happe'ii to bo in a room on the other side; and with this reflection she turnied round, and, passing the front entrance, stepped on to the velvety lawn, which stretched along the other side of the house. Just then the clock chimed the quarter to midnight.-, Tp another moment she saw aiflood of light which fell from a- window a few- yards further on. Evidently some one waSfiip, and it.cou!d not be any one but Martin . It Kgs a minute's work to reach that wjndow, and sire was almost there when lifer 'i arm - was tightly grasped and a hoarse voice said "What are you going to do Grace started as she recognised the voice qt Mrs Carruthers. "What are you going to do ?" she re peated, holding Grace with a firm grasp. "Warn Martin. He is a bad man, but let him go away and repent." "You shall not do It. He would never repent Come away;" and she tried to pull Grace back. "I shall give him the chance," she said, struggling to free herself. "You shall not. Do you think I will be baulked of the revenge to which I looked forward for so many years ?" said Mrs Carruthers, in a tone of con centrated passion. While she was epeakinB.her grasp had relaxed a little and with a strong effort Grace wrested herself free, and flew to the wjndow; but before her companion could reach licr, a piercing shriek burst from her, and as Mrs Carruthers sprang forward Grace pointed into the room. It was an awful sight that met their eves. The blind was drawn up, and in an easy-chair, facing the. frfndow sat Martin Barron with Ms head reclining on the leather- cushioned hack, while the blbod oozed from a wound in the breast, and trickled to the f.oor, .where it fell wjth an incessant drip, drip. Evidently he had been smoking when the fatal blow was given, as one hand whfeh lay on bis kneo. still grasped his pipe. i .''"Is Bie dead?" asked -tSraice, In a tone of -awe. "Yes; he has escaped the hangman's handsA she . replied, without a touch of %>Jt'4d!li"er voice, i' -"-Us' it murder?" said Grace, "Yes. He would never have taken his own life/' replied Mrfe Carruthers. "But, come/'?t won't do for us to be seen iyere;" and she .drew Grace's arm thro ugh Jier own., , "You, won't leave htm so? We had vetter rouse the' house and send for a doctor," said Grace. "Are you mad? The murder would "be laid on us. Come;" and Mrs Carruthers led her away, "Who can have done it?" exclaimed Graced ' "eAiiLpH that poor girl, Phyllis Blditot; iBiif'.ficozne, we must .be jjulck put 6?;the oarfe," said Mre Carruthers. As «h o;k ne w ffh'ery inch -pf ih irqgn 4, ! they reached the side gate in a much shorter time than it had taken Grace tn going. By Ahisjme the modfi 4iad be-i crne visible, and they hastened through the village, feeling thankful that .the good people weqe found asleep. #Titst as they reached ;the cfitfcch, howAvev. they ea me full open a man who was walk ing quickly, but not too quickly to prevent him bestowing a good look upon tbem. . ' 5 "That's Purvis, the groom at the Golden Lion. I'm afraid "bajJtbows, us. If so we may expect trouble," said Mrs Carruthers. . . . , . - "Do you mean ,tliey may; connect us; with the murder?" asked Grace. in4»: .tone of horror. ('I do, with good reason." "Hut you can .pfbve Ah&O;'Atn guilt- less and I can do, the same for you." . > "I Qtnow £ you 1 are buW couldn't prove iL. You might have been 'jn- that room and' killed him before" I ; saw you, or I might Itave dope it for iintfhingi you" know jto- UfiTcorilfary." . At these, words a.teJ'rJbieifear tibok hold of Grace, and laying her hand on he: .companion's iarm, she said;. - ,s \- "But you didn't dd it?" , "1 7 No! J .would, have pot ben.so merciful. lie should hare 'Dean tried , and hanged if I could have' had my will: IDs doohT has been too merciful." "Oh. don't say- that he-'shed blood. and he has died a. violent,, death. Let us -forgive the wrong' fie did ti.nbwithat be has passed away f rpni both ourtnerey and anger." . As Grace' spoke they %ntertal .the gar den, pand in, a few .minutes passed - through the side door Into ¥tfhe "house. On<» upstairs -Graces-drew her com panion into her dressing-room. /'What made you go to Old Court Place1?" she asked. /"Because I mlstrusted you. J -4 new jkou ,, pilled "Martin, and I thought' y'oii Inten ded to warn him. I knew he had been away, so that you had not had the chance, and I felt sure you would not let the lateness of the hour stand in your way you . decided .to do it. -Conse quently I sat up and listened, with the result that I heard you go downstairs, jthen T got my cloak and bonnet and fol lowed you. but I saw Dr. Grahame ahead of me, and 1 hap toi wait." Still, 4 reached the house fully five minutes before you did. 1 expect Vou' wont a roundabout way." v What were you doing all that tinie ?" asked Grace, vexed with herself as again a feeling of suspicion arose. "3 waited near the entrance, i-felt sure when you saw no lights on that side of the house that you would come /round to the other, and while I was standing there I heard a step <and saw 9 man cross the grass in the direction; of the Lodge. I thought you might have /got there first, and Martin be already on the wing, so I followed him, and got near enough to see that. .he was too broad and stout for Martin. Then, ! turned back in time to meetyou/ "Do you think that man was the mur derer ?" . "I don't know. Martin was a piaa to make enemies, but I don't intend to say anything unless it is necessary. . We must be very careful in the morning not to let the servants know thit we have heard of the murder, or we may land In a very awkward position./ And now food night." "Good night;" and they pareen. (To be Continued 