^SEViTIfil BOOKB. Bv w. Cubbie. "Three Irish Bardic Tales," by Mr.* Todhunter : Dent and Co., 5s,—These tales lure also named "The Sorrows of Story Telling." While describing tinlike adventures, these storieB have some striking similarities. The passions of jealousy, love, and revenge are told metrioally by Dr. Todhunter in a way which pourtrays Celtic imagination and eloquence, with its q&ick; appreciation of the humorous - side of things and its natural flaency of speeoh. In each tale, there are three figures moving round a central figure. " The Fate of the Sons of Una," here versified, is, perhaps, one of the oldest and tenderest of the love stories of Western Burope. We noticed some passages of beauty and simplicity in this poem, , and in "Deirdre's Farewell " and " The Lamentation for the Three Sons of Turann." They epitomise a long series of adventure, and those who have the leisure may find interest in this attempt to make a far past time live and move in modern dress. "History of the Hornbook," by A. W. Tuer, 2 vols.: Leadenhall Press, 42s.— Young people who have some difficulty in realising what a hornbook is— or was—may derive ' much amusement and information from these pages. For some three centuries our ancestors, in their youthful days, obtained their knowledge of the alphabet from leaves written or printed and pasted on a board, which wbb covered with transparent horn to preserve thd characters. Though once produced in great numbers, these hornbooks ' have now become such a rarity that only three are preserved in the British Museum. Mr. Tuer's volumes are highly descriptive and profusely illustrated. As a development of the hornbook system we are told a good deal about samplers. We have still some old ladies left who will remember specimens of their grandmothers' work in this line. Her Majesty the Queen has permitted these volumes to be dedicated to herself. This will have the effect of popularising them with some of her subjects. In itself the book is a curiosity in these days. " Fabiola, or the Church of the Catacombs," by the late Cardinal Wiseman : A popular edition at 2s., published by Burns and Co.—This edition is tastefully got up, and now that the horrors of " Papal aggression," whioh once sensationalised the people of the last generation, are out of date, this little book deserves a welcome, and will repay perusal. Some of us are old enough to remember when our elders in Great Britain were shocked by the mention of anything connected with the name of the late Cardinal, and when they duly cautioned us against the danger of coming in contact with any of his seductive writings. Notwithstanding, this book has long been a favourite with intelligent young people who have been fortunate enough to become acquainted with it. The first three centuries of the Christian Church are told in simple and vivid^ictures, and a tender interest pervades the book. It is, moreover, now very cheap. " Frivola," by Dr. A. Jessop : -Fisher and Co., 3s. 6d.—This writer is already widely known by some of his charming books, "The Coming of the Friars," " For Better, for Worse," etc., etc. The present work is a collection of miscellaneous papers, and though most have, perhaps, appeared in periodicals, the interest will still be fresh for the many. The writer introduces us to a friendly ghost which appeared to him in his library vat 1 a.m. on 10th October, 1879. This modern sprite did not alright the doctor. Qe tells us that his only fearwas that the apparition would vanish too soqu. The story is suggestive. " A Country Cousin in London" contains tit-bits of an amusing character, intended to pourtray the difference between town and country life. " Books That Have Helped Me " is another of the essays whioh may be highly commended as giving many useful references. No one will regret making acquaintance with this discursive and pleasant volume. "The England of To-day," a translation from the Spanish, Published at 5b. by Geo. Allen.—This is one of a series of handbooks dealing with English life and ways from the view-point of an educated foreigner,-and is the outeome'of;a short visit which^he' 1 author made in 1893. ijt was published on his return to Lisbon in 1898\. Although a native can detectsoine errors, vet the boob is readable throughout, aha useful by way of enabling uj to see ourselves as others see us. With an artistio eye he looks admiringly -at some ! of the x^eanly,and hpdiely cottages of rural England, and compares th£m with - the lack of these atyraotive features in Southern Europe. Upon the English characteristics of. beef and beer he ean speak with effect iand hmnour. He visited Ireland, of course. whi6h is more than many a travelled Cockney can toy, and he thinks highly of that land as "a gnat forage manufactory . . . a ptotnre land . -. . whose rain, like water sifted through a sieve, irrigates and Sustains the evergreen grass." On the whole, the pictures drawn by Mr. Olivers Martins, the author, are rather flattering. He tells us:—" I am not a horsey man, and do not go into ecstasies before types of thoroughbred maohines." His description of our racehorses is naive and highly amusing. About our procedure at law, he thinks it "harmonises 1 with our climate." The book is enjoyable and suggestive. 