DESCRIPTION OF A CHRIST MAS PARTY BY A PARROT. First, you must know, the young ladies had been busy all Christmas Eve decorating the house with holly and green-stuff Of course a large bunch of mistletoe was not forgotten, and just as it was hung up, who should come into the room but young Cousin Tom, and of course a deal of laughing and running away, and being caught and kissed took place; hut although they kept on with their " Oh ! Tom ! " 1 really think they liked it much, in spite of their avowed annoyance; but, then, I am a parrot, and parrots are not given to making idiots of themselves. But all this. is not telling you about our party (I'm afraid, like all females, I let my tongue run away with me). On Christmas evening the party be gan to come pretty early, and the little ones, the girls in white frocks and. the boys in brand new suits (what is more miserable than a small boy in a new suit of clothes which he has been warned not to spoil ), looking shyly one at another. When all were as sembled, games were got up for the youngsters: "Hunt the Slipper," " Family Coach," " Forfeits," and "Kiss in the Ring," all of which everyone joined in. Well, the games had rubbed off all the stiffness and constraint, and every body knew each other quite. well now, so when refreshments where handed round everyone was laughing and en joying himself in fine style. Now came the distributing of gifts from a beauti ful tree, which caused such shouts of delight that I fell off my perch in the excitement of the moment. The young ladies now sang and played on the piano, and when one jolly young fellow, who had been missing from the room for some little time, suddenly bounced in dressed as a nigger minstrel, I thought some of the children would have hurt themselves, they laughted so, and even I was so surprised that I burst out with a shout of "Police," which remark seemed to send them off more than before, until I began to wonder if they would ever cease: But at last they settled down a bit, and the gentleman began his song, and so funny it proved that old Aunt Louisa had to be patted on the back to get her breath. After he had given several songs, the girls began to want a dance, so, accordingly, the furniture was moved to the sides of the room, and a good-natured girl volunteering to play off went anyone who could, or thought. they could; dance; even an elderly maiden cousin (whose name was Vir ginia) got quite skittish and danced with the young man in the nigger get up, and, to judge from the black she got on her face, I think they must have been under the mistletoe, Anyway, everybody thought it a splendid joke, and kept oa asking if her sweetheart was in the chimney-sweeping profession, but she did'nt see the joke, nor yet the black. on her nose. Time was getting on, so presently everyone went down stairs to supper. When supper was over, up they all came again, weari g grotesque caps and aprons of coloured paper from the Cos aques. The fire was now made up, and the company formed a semi-circle round it. -Stories now began to be told, and one fat old uncle, a jolly-looking man, began a long ghost story, and just at the very exciting part, when he was telling how the ghost entered the room and upset the night's rest of the beauti ful heroine of the story, I gave a loud cough and cried " Murder." You never saw such an effect as it had: they all jumped up, but as soon as they saw that I was the cause of the alarm, they all felt very much relieved ; but it spoilt the story, and as it was getting very late, good-nights were said, and I was left alone with the fire for com pany. But I couldn't get to sleep for chuckling at the scare I caused. 