GENERAL NEWS. Railway Employes’ Holes. — The following is the answer given by the Minister of Railways to the question put by Mr Grattan in the Legislative Assembly, as to the number of hours per day the drivers, firemen and guards of the Goul burn Valley goods trains (down from Sey mour) were required to be on duty :—“ The guard who runs the six a.m. down goods to Shcpparton, Dookie, Katamatite and back, is on duty from 19 to 20 hours. He is off duty on the following day." “ The seven a.m. goods, Seymour to Shepparton and back, averages under nine hours for the trip. Three days a week there is a break of five hours, the other three days there is a break of two and u half hours in the running.” "It is sometimes necessary for the guard to assist in shunting, while waiting at stations. The work is divided among four guards, who do the trip in turn.” *' Drivers and firemen on the Goniburn Valley goods run as follows:— Once a week Seymour to Katamatite and back, 20 hours on duty. Interval between trains four and a half hours. Actual running time, 151 hours. Kext day off duty.” “ Once a week Seymour to Dookie atid back. 20 hours on duty. Interval between trains seven and a half hours. Actual running time twelve and a half hours. Kelt day off duty.” “ Twice a week Seymour to Toolatnba and back. 10 hoars on duty. Total hours on duty per week GO.” “ The hours of duty of the men referred to are at present under revision." Awkwasd -Mistakes.—Printers’ errors sometimes cause considerable confusion and annoyance, and it is surprising bow simply that which was intended for a com pliment can create the profoundest dis gust, The young lady performer at a high-class concert who was reported au fait by the enreptured pressman, was more than disgusted when next morning’s paper disclosed the impression that she was “ all feet” On glancing over my last"nurs ings,” remarks a writer in the Kathalia Herald, I felt somewhat "flabbergasted” when confronted with a now type of the human family, termed " Cancariau.” It is needless to say “ Caucasian” was the ■word intended. But “ Cavcarian." Ghost of Demosthenes! Your genial comp is surely not goiug to make a neologise of me in my old age. 